It's a weird time in history right now.
Writers Guild on strike, League of Legends pros on strike, Rail workers denied the right
to strike, French workers striking, Bobby Kotick claiming there has never been a systemic
harassment issue after paying 50 million to settle claims that they did and didn't have
procedures in place to deal with the fact that they did.
I don't have a solution and won't resort to a pithy quip.
Society is complicated.
Some of these headlines are in tonight's news.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about
them and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 962 of our
program for tonight, June the 4th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined here live each and every Sunday night when we record
with my co-hosts.
Say hello first and foremost to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
No, I'm Pigmeg.
Yeah.
So okay, but the people on podcast don't get that.
So you're being represented by a picture tonight because it sounds like both you and I have
had a week.
You start.
Okay.
So I've made it no secret that I have myalgic encephalomyelitis, which is also known colloquially
as chronic fatigue syndrome.
And since starting ballet, I actually ran out of two of my medications and I started
taking them again very recently.
And partly as a result, I'm having dizzy spells after activity.
Not all the time, but I did a combination of like an hour and 15 minutes of yoga, Pilates,
bar exercise, weight training, and my cool down.
So because I mean, I basically do like mixed movement and then bar exercise to try to get
my turnout.
Today was the day I was working on my turnout.
And I sat down for a little bit and just dizzy spell and I'm like, yeah, no, I'm not going
to be able to do makeup or stand up while my hands are shaking.
So I just like, I don't want to be on cam.
So this little avatar I made in Daz 3D.
And I had just put together, you know, kind of a representation of my cosmetic that I
play with Meg in Dead by Daylight, but something a little bit different, but I always use the
pig mask.
So that's actually now my no cam image on my stream, because I use my camera to hide
my perks.
I was gonna say it's big V tube vibes, except the only thing that's missing is bouncing
up and down, like as you're talking and that whole thing, you know, sort of the mouth move.
Well, you wouldn't see the mouth moving under the mask, but maybe like bouncing up and down
or whatever.
The one I'm working on now is going to eventually, hopefully be a Vtuber.
Yeah.
Awesome.
For me, my week, I have been dealing with strep throat actually.
So you're probably wondering what the hell are you doing talking tonight?
Actually I started in antibiotics a few days ago.
My throat is now fine.
What the weird thing that happened is that from strep throat, it now went to what I believe
is a sinus infection.
I can't exactly go to see my doctor on the weekend, so I can't get that properly evaluated
in my own antibiotics.
Anyway, I'm not sure what else they can do, but that is very strange to have a strep
throat because that's not supposed to cause sinus issues, but it's likely that the infection
kind of traveled a little bit.
So that part's kind of weird.
It actually depends on the antibiotic that you're on is why it might not affect your
sinuses.
Oh, interesting.
I think I've taken this for a sinus infection for a Z-Pak.
So it's a pretty common.
Yeah.
I myself, I always start off with doxycycline, but it's always worked for me.
Z-Pak is, well see, I'm allergic to penicillin.
So Z-Pak has always kind of been the first.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah.
So it's that-
And amoxicillin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Amoxicillin was the one I actually had a reaction to.
So they just say all penicillins.
So Z-Pak and the one you call doxycycline are usually the two go-tos, doxycycline, whatever,
are usually the two go-tos.
Yeah, same.
Actually do you remember when I took amoxicillin and I had that really weird raised skin reaction
that I kept going to the golf club with?
I don't.
It was a while ago.
When I had lucky pneumonia.
That was a while ago.
Wow.
That was a while ago.
I mean, I think it was like 2010, but it itched so badly.
But when I went under the blacklight because I'm so pale, it stretched out my skin and
looked like spiderwebs.
It was kind of cool.
Oh, wow.
That's wild.
Yeah.
No, all my issues happened when I was 12.
I took amoxicillin for something and I got a big rash like everywhere and the doctor
said, all right, no more of that.
So interesting.
It gave me penicillin when I was five and ended up in the E.R.
Oh, my.
Oh, no.
All right.
Well, let's say hello to say hello to somebody who hopefully is happy and healthy.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Yeah.
I'm all right.
Yeah.
Good.
Good.
Except why on earth would you have that game playing behind you tonight on stream?
Is that that's one to switch I'm watching behind you tonight?
It is because it's just so that you realize that the game actually exists because I completely
forgot about it.
I mean, we're going to talk about.
Once again, Nintendo deciding to bring a sequel to something that, like, really no one cares
about.
Well, you know what, since you transitioned, why don't we get right into it?
I'll just give my usual spiel because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock
Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash Vogue Network
VOG Network right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, who is back live tonight.
Bobby Black Wolf, by the way, at Summer Games Done Quick, which will be one of our fast
headlines later, but he really went into depth about being there and his participation and
so forth.
So if you have any type of interest in Games Done Quick and kind of what all happens at
the in-person event because it is back in person, he talked a lot about that on his
show tonight.
So I'll kind of give an extra shout out for Bobby tonight.
Stop trying to make one, two switch happen.
It's not going to happen.
Pretty much that's the that.
Let's get into the kickoff topic.
That is it.
They without any fanfare whatsoever, which is the appropriate amount of fanfare to give
one to switch is literally none.
It is out for preorder now on the eShop for twenty nine ninety nine.
It's releasing June 20th.
I could really just like I don't care at all about this game.
It was an awful game and now it's an awful game with a sequel and.
Like you already have like Wii Sports Resort or like not Wii Sports Resort, the Switch
Sports, which is basically Wii Sports, like you don't need this, like you tried this,
you tried to make this happen.
It didn't happen.
No one really wanted it.
And now you put out a sequel to it.
Why?
I'm like, why would you do that?
I'm legit surprised this didn't go the HBO Max route, shall we say, of quietly disappearing
content into the night and writing it off and never releasing it.
I'm kind of surprised it didn't go that way.
Just, hey, guess what?
You know, now that you pay an extra money for that Nintendo Switch online, thank you.
Thank you.
And then or whatever it is, you expansion pass.
Now you get this piece.
That's exactly what this should have been.
This should have been a free piece of crap for being a Nintendo Switch online member.
That's exactly what this should be.
It could be both because $29.99 is really not that expensive.
But they could say, but you could get it for free with Nintendo Switch online.
But I don't think that they're doing that.
I really just don't see the selling very well at all.
Well, you know what, some folks in chat are talking about that.
Like Mike Deff says, didn't the physical copies for everybody's one, two Switch sell out?
Like it's awful and all, but it is selling.
There is I honestly think it's people that are looking for a fast and easy party game
that get allured to one to switch.
And I wonder if there will be a similar allure for this, except there's no physical edition
for this.
It's not going to be something that tempts them on the Walmart shelf.
Here's the other weird thing about this that I should point out based off of the screenshot
here are the artwork.
Half of the people have switch controllers or joy cons.
The other half of the people on here have cell phones.
So it sounds to me that it's a game that you can play with your cell phone as well.
They have that is confirmed in the description that your cell phone is, which is something
actually I thought was a brilliant move from Jackbox Games kind of brought that to the
forefront several years ago at this point.
And I think that was brilliant.
So I, I'm not surprised to see another company implementing that.
I'm surprised to see Nintendo be that company.
That's the surprising part.
I'm not surprised at all.
Somebody took a good idea and put it in their own game.
I'm surprised Nintendo did that because they're the ones to usually push their own hardware.
But maybe, you know, again, if they're trying to, to me, there's only one market for this.
There's one market for this.
It is somebody who's throwing a party, has several people over, needs a party game everybody
can play and wants something new to play.
And this is it.
And you know, if you didn't have enough Joy-Cons that everybody could play, you would be probably
hesitant to buy it.
But since it works with cell phones, that's not going to be a problem.
Don't you all have phones?
We all know that meme at this point, but it's true.
Like everybody does have a phone at this point.
But you know, don't they have like the Jackbox Games on the Switch?
So like, I would just play that.
You know, Bobby brings up a really good point in chat as well.
There are lots of Switches that don't have Joy-Cons because if you have the, the one
that Alan has, the Switch Lite or whatever they called it, where it was all together,
you don't have Joy-Cons on that.
So you have to have something else.
Okay.
Okay.
I bet you're not plugging into the TV.
So is everyone going to huddle around a little, a little Switch, let me go.
I can't really see the screen because it's so damn tiny.
But yeah, I think we're doing the thing, you know, like I, like I get it, you can play
through your phone and stuff like that, but like, it just, I, I, whatever.
You know what?
Cool.
You wasted development time on this.
This is why I don't get like one, two Switch gets a sequel and gets development time.
Pikmin gets goddamn how many sequels, you know, for that thing, but like F-Zero, what's
that?
Oh, I don't know.
We just don't make F-Zero games here anymore.
Well, the number again, it's not like everybody's one, or excuse me, it's not like the original
one, two Switch didn't sell.
Now I would argue that was because outside of Zelda, there was very little else to buy,
at least, you know, for that party environment and so forth.
And yes, I'm sure you all are going to come at me with the launch titles, but as far as
Nintendo's first party, and they are very good at getting the game out in front of people,
especially when the Switch was new and they made it, you know, they, here's what I asked.
So I see the quote in chat, the 3 million people bought one, two Switch.
How many of those 3 million people regret that purchase?
That's what I really want to know.
How many people are playing that game still, or how many people like purchased it because
they're like, well, there's no like Wii Sports type games, so I'm going to buy this.
Like look at the game that is behind me right now.
Like let me describe for the audio listeners.
It is a game where you have a chess that's wrapped in chains.
You have to twist your Joy-Con around to unwrap the chains.
That looks goddamn boring.
Like I would not want to play that.
It just, it's stupid.
And watching the people like dress up like pirates do it is just cringey as hell.
Let me ask this question, because if there is the cell phone integration, then none of
this stuff with the vibration can be in it.
So I'm going to be, I'm going to ask this question from, I guess devil's advocate or
whatever you want to call it.
Is it possible that them having to make the regular cell phones a controller as well will
actually make the games better because they can't just rely on the gimmicks?
No, I doubt it.
I honestly doubt it, because if they thought it was going to be a good game, they'd be
charging more than $29.99.
They have no confidence on it, so they didn't spend any marketing budget or very
little marketing budget.
It's not even announced in a direct.
It's not even something that they would throw in in their like random like directs that
they were doing, like with indie games.
They're like not even indie games, but like other things like, hey, this is coming out.
Guy, because they can't because they honestly can't say, hey, guys, I know you guys are
waiting for a sequel, the sequel you've all been asking for.
It's like F zero mother.
No, another retro game.
No, any of your excite bike?
No.
Oh, one, two.
Oh, oh, OK.
I yeah, I'm just of the mindset that like rather than release it for $30, I bet more
people would play it if they made it free with switch online, you know, and maybe, you
know, again, it's about making money and they probably figure they're going to get those
switch online dollars anyway, because people are going to pay the online, although Zelda
doesn't really have online.
Right. So they got it.
They got to know they're they're they're maintaining those online fees from somewhere.
I don't know, but OK.
Yeah. Yeah. Bobby saying the games are too expensive.
Here's a $30 game.
If you thought it was good, you'd make it more expensive.
Well, yeah, because I don't want to pay $30 for a crappy game.
I can pay $30 for a good indie game.
Sure. Yeah, I have a lot more enjoyment over it.
Like one to switch is just bottom of the barrel garbage.
This is this is something like if it was literally some other like random third party
company that made shovelware put this out, I wouldn't be surprised that that was from
them. The fact that Nintendo has their name on it doesn't make it a quality game.
It was just not good.
Yeah, well, we'll see when the reviews come out.
But again, I just I don't you know, I say that and I don't usually put stock in in
reviews, but I just feel like a lot of these the lower price tag, which Nintendo really
does, not even being in a direct straight to the store, like all of these signs point
out, this is the equivalent of a Nintendo write off like this.
This is it. They're they're firing this one late into the night and it is what it is.
And I fully expect the reviews are going to say this game is crap.
And we might sound hateful or whatever, but I really think our prediction here is not
without merit.
I don't crap.
If it's not, then what a pleasant surprise that would be, then great.
I would be excited that, hey, it's only thirty dollars.
That's a great deal. But, you know, like Loki points out, even though, yeah, thirty
dollars is cheaper game.
And for the most part, we're happy to see that it's difficult to get excited when you're
looking at Jackbox Games, which the party packs are what are they?
Nineteen ninety nine for the party.
I don't I don't legit know what they cost right now, but there may be 19, maybe twenty
four ninety nine. And I would I would say I enjoyed any of those packs, any of them
better than I did one to switch.
Yeah. You want to get me excited about something that would be like a party game for
the switch and you can involve cell phones.
Make me another WarioWare game.
Could you do that with the cell phones?
And that would probably work for some of the touch screen stuff.
You could probably do little micro games and stuff and send it through there and have
some sort of interaction with that.
But like that's a better franchise than this.
This is just garbage.
This is I just don't see this being a thing.
Actually, you bring up an interesting idea.
Like what if Nintendo were to take the cell phone thing and put it in some other games?
Like I just I think I'm still sitting here shot going.
I just I never saw Nintendo doing this in the first place.
So for me to think like, oh, would they make a WarioWare game that you could control with
your phone? Like I'm like, no, they would never do that.
But I'm like, well, but I didn't think they'd do this either.
You know, could they do something that maybe they try to attract people with phones to get
more of those, you know, party in person type of games?
I don't know. I don't know.
But the other thing to point out is that we this this release is also surprising because
it's literally the only new game we know that's coming for Switch first party right now.
We don't know what else is on Nintendo's agenda.
So, again, this does feel very get it out there before they're going to reset the palette
and tell us the games we're really excited for.
When does this come out again, Loki?
The end of June?
It's on the 20th. And so, yeah, by the time like if they do, probably the next week is
when we get a Nintendo Direct.
So if we get a Nintendo Direct, you're literally going to forget that this game exists
again, like you're going to hear the other games.
You're like, oh, cool.
You know, I'm gonna look forward to that and then just immediately forget that this thing
exists like you did the original one to switch.
Yeah. But if the Nintendo Direct is before the 20th, and then we already know we're going
to see the footage for this game, which is still a possibility, Nintendo still may just in
the. They have to show they're trying to make money and, you know, that build an awareness
again, they will probably show some footage for the game and stress the cell phone thing
an instant party.
If you want to have an immediate party just by this game type of thing, I could see them
doing that if the direct is before the 20th.
But I still want to know what the hell Nintendo is doing for the holiday.
I do not believe there is nothing for the holiday.
I do not believe there is nothing for the holiday.
How? The only way the only way I would believe that is if Nintendo says it's because
we're targeting Switch successor for first quarter 2014, then I would believe that there's
nothing for the holiday.
But I just I know I know what everybody's saying, what the rumors said and what Nintendo
has even gone record saying.
I just I it blows my mind or there or they're going to really rest on a third party.
That could be two.
There could be some big third party announcements.
I just don't know what they'd be, but maybe something like Xenoblade Chronicles X, because
they still didn't have a remade that one.
They could, you know, do a remaster of that for the Switch could come out for holiday.
You know, there might be a few of those things that they could kind of pull on.
I guess Xenoblade would be more second party, but still, you know, there might there might
be some things they can kind of pull out to to to band aid the holiday until the Switch
successor happens.
So. Yeah, Deidre Omez says Mario Kart 9.
And yeah, I agree with Bobby.
They're not going to release Mario Kart 9 while they're still releasing waves of Mario
Kart 8 DLC.
I don't see how they release Mario Kart 9 for the Switch at this point, unless it's a
hybrid game with whatever the successor is.
You know, I hope the successor is fully backwards compatible.
We shouldn't count on it, but I think we all hope it is.
I think it would be a damn shame if something like Tears of the Kingdom wasn't playable on
the next console.
But we'll see. I don't know.
I would again, and I've said this before on the show, I'll make it quick, the low hanging
fruit, quote unquote, game to release, in my opinion, that kind of blows my mind that
they haven't done it this year is Mario Odyssey 2, especially with Mario movie having
been this year. And now the Blu-ray coming out in a couple of weeks.
Right. In fact, I actually know it's like next week because I think somebody in Discord
was saying the Best Buy like shifted to people's homes already, like broke street on it
or whatever. I'm still kind of blown away that there was no tie in Mario product for the
Mario movie. So again, I would think a Mario Odyssey 2 or something in the Mario
universe is the holiday title.
But what do I know?
Although I have had a lot of predictions come true this year, I'm just saying.
Nothing. All right.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing
this week, whether it's one to switch or something else.
Dark Sakura, how is your gaming week?
We have Black Knight Sword of Rage.
We have the pro version and I've been playing some of that and it pisses me off.
Been playing through Marvel's Midnight Suns on my second playthrough, doing a light
play through and I've got Storm and she's amazing.
But I think also her voice actress was Sindel, I think.
I'll have to double check.
But I'm just finding a lot of like the Netherrealm crossovers is kind of interesting.
But at any rate, I've been enjoying that.
I'm still doing, of course, Dead by Daylight.
Probably going to work on my Adept some more.
And did the.
What else is I playing?
Oh, yeah, Cult of the Lamb, which I love.
I played seven hours of Midnight Suns.
I didn't go to bed until like 4 a.m.
You were streaming late.
Yeah, well, Dan was staying up and he was going to let me know when the finale was up for.
Oh, yeah.
Game stone quick ended late for us and early for that because it was like five or six in the morning for them.
He passed out and finally I just could not keep my eyes open anymore.
I was just really fading and like I didn't get up until one today because I mean, it's why my submissions were so bare was because I barely could remember my name.
It was.
It was like the fatigue was like to the point I actually couldn't get out of my chair.
So if no one knows what the feeling of having your muscles ache to the point where you literally cannot move.
That's where I was.
And I actually.
Finally, after a little bit, managed to conserve enough that I could get up and go to bed, Michigan's Midnight Suns is a great game, and you can read all about it on the Internet.
I'm kidding.
It's it's a Marvel sort of strategy RPG-ish kind of game where you have like a card deck that dictates your moves to use in the battle sequences.
And you can do like story things and other things to like gain experience and gain items that will help you out and boost you up and all of this stuff.
And then you kind of not romance people, you kind of make friends with them.
It's just making friends, although some of them totally flirt with you.
Like, I seriously think that Morbius just is a flirt, like an unapologetic flirt.
It's great.
I was trying to get some B-roll of the game up for one of your streams, but for whatever reason, it was taking a sweet time.
But for those watching live on Twitch, there's some a Dark Soccer stream from last night.
So you see a little bit of what the game looks like.
So you can kind of see like it's the part where I burped into the mic, they don't hear the audio anyway.
It's just the video.
But you can see that you're like you kind of like you have a battlefield fight RPG thing like, I don't know, Chrono Trigger, but you're using cards to actually make the plays, which is interesting.
It's not just like fight, magic, run, right?
It's you're using cards to make your different plays, which is interesting.
It's a different way to do it, right?
And you have to be able to use your environment or combo your cards.
Like one thing that I like is that you eventually get the ability for your party members to be an obstacle that causes damage to the others instead of them getting hurt when you knock some money into them.
But like some of the major characters, you know, were corrupted, like in this clip, it's Scarlet Witch was corrupted.
And like Venom, Sabretooth, those are the big ones.
You fight Dracula, Mephisto, you know, some big Marvel names.
And I like that the continuity of it sort of it's mostly comic continuity, but it's its own universes continuity as well.
It's not like MCU style, though.
There are some some touches, you know, I think it's a great game.
I mean, I have zero regrets for having bought the legendary edition for a hundred bucks when they came out.
All right. And Storm, oh, my God.
So I love Deadpool and Morbius is OK and Venom is OK.
But Storm, oh, she's amazing.
All right, that's it for your gaming week, we'll go over to Loki.
Yep, more Minecraft just been plugging away, but an episode this week
built the giant metal giant met that's from Mega Man three, I think it's a mid boss that has giant
was thrusters, I guess, on the bottom of it.
So that was kind of fun. A big quarry.
Yeah, still working on more stuff for my season, trying to wrap things up.
And if folks want to check out your build video, of course, they can go to your YouTube over at Loki underscore O.L.R., right?
No underscore, just Loki O.L.R.
Oh, because I went to because I was just pulling the video and I did underscore Loki O.L.R.
and it worked, but whatever weird.
But yeah, you can check out the bill.
I was trying to see if I could show a little part in that video, because this is where you're kind of like in the weeds, maybe here.
Yeah, there there's the giant metal.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Wow. Look at that. Sorry.
Sorry to those on the podcast feed, but just imagine I'm showing a very elaborate Minecraft build where Loki is kind of like in this pit.
There's like a tiny little door that he's going in that I imagine kind of helps him get back up to the top.
And you can see where the storage room is.
There's a farm farm in the giant metal.
It drops stuff out of the bottom of it.
Got it. Got it.
But but yeah, there's a really cool little Mega Man guy that floats up there at the top.
And yeah, this is this is great.
You do these such elaborate builds are so cool.
So I hope more people check them out.
God, just look how vast the Minecraft world is.
Sometimes you really.
Yeah, the size is just incredible.
Anyway. All right.
So that's it, just Minecraft for you.
Yep, just Minecraft.
All right. My gaming week again, I've been kind of sick, so it's cut into my time a little bit.
But, you know, I was all over Diablo 4, which, of course, had early access this week.
So speaking about paying one hundred dollars for the ultimate edition of the game, I paid the fee to get in and do the early access in Diablo, which I have been playing quite a bit.
Not as much as some people I know, because like yesterday I couldn't even sit down and focus.
I had so much sinus pressure, like right in that place that sucks to have sinus pressure.
So, like, I couldn't focus for long periods of time.
But everywhere is horrible.
But anyway, I did beat act two.
I did that earlier today.
So and act one was the basically the equivalent of the demo or the beta that was out before.
That was how much story was available.
So I've been able to play a little more and go through act two.
And I don't know if I have a lot else to say about this game that I didn't already say when I was talking about the beta, because obviously I've gotten to sample it a little bit.
But, you know, just to recap, I think this is more rooted in Diablo two than it is Diablo three.
I don't think being rooted in Diablo three is a bad thing.
I love Diablo three, but I realize a lot of people kind of missed some of the parts of two when they went to three.
And I think this is more rooted in two.
And I think there's a lot of people that are going to enjoy that.
But it has a lot of the quality of life stuff from three.
The open world stuff is very interesting because that's the only part that's like a little weird because it isn't randomized.
The overworld is always the same.
It is gigantic, though.
And there are all of these dungeons that you can go in, excuse me, and those are randomized and everything else that you do, like a classic Diablo game is randomized.
My understanding is once you get into end game, then you'll go in some of those areas.
And that's kind of like end game is running those randomized.
But with affixes, it sounds a lot like mythic dungeon runs in World of Warcraft.
I hope to be able to speak more on that in a week when I have assumably beaten the story.
I'll be streaming it on my own feed throughout the week this week.
They're going to be doing some Twitch drops this week, by the way.
So I would encourage you, if you have any interest in Diablo at all, watch the streams to get the draw.
I guess eat KFC, if you must, to get those drops as well.
But if you want to collect that stuff, if you don't, then whatever.
It's just I don't think they do anything besides really cosmetics.
That is the one thing, by the way, with Diablo 4.
I have to agree with a lot of the stuff I've been reading that it is unfortunate that they kind of put all that cosmetic pay stuff in there because it's ridiculous when they've already paying $70 for the game.
But at least it is confined to its own little menu, its own little shop, and it isn't something where like you have to click through a pop up or anything like that, or it doesn't try to coax you the way a lot of free to play games will.
It doesn't do any of that.
So I will say at least it kind of puts it in its own little corner.
The one thing I don't like is that if you're like me and you can't stand to see notifications, so like you will know that you have a new quest unlocked.
There's a little notification thing in that tab, so you want to go clear it.
The shop tab always has new notifications in it.
So that little like part of me that like wants to clear all my notifications can't do it without going to the shop.
That's how they get you.
But otherwise, it's whatever.
I'll be interested to see what they do with the battle pass.
That's going to be very interesting when that, but I guess that's tied to seasonal content.
And, you know, Dead by Daylight has battle passes and it's all cosmetics and I don't mind it.
So I'll kind of be curious to see if it's a similar system in Diablo, which I believe it's supposed to be.
It's just, you know, how many of these season achievements you do basically tie into how much of the battle pass stuff you unlock.
And it is all cosmetics.
But yeah, I'm playing a druid and my druid is through act two.
My druid is level forty one.
No. Thirty nine, I think just before forty.
I think I went the wrong way.
It's a tractor level, not at a level.
My druid is level thirty nine and just got through act two because I'm one of those people that's like, I have to do every side quest.
I have to find every Lilith statue.
I have to do all these things.
But I finally got myself to stop doing that because the bonuses that you get in each zone stop at a certain point and you have to be in world tier three, which is a higher level to unlock the highest stuff.
So basically I said, OK, I will allow myself to go side quest adventure to get my two skill points that you get and then I'm stopping.
So that's that's what I just finished in the second zone.
I beat act two and then I got my second skill point from the zone.
So later tonight I will probably go and play act three and see how far I can get with that tonight.
Mishkins in chat says there's going to be a battle pass for D4.
Oh, Lord. Yep.
But again, it's supposedly all cosmetic.
That's what they promised.
So if that's what it stays as, then I don't think it's going to be too big an issue because the character creator is pretty good.
You'll probably you've probably seen a lot of people on social media sharing the characters that they've made.
You can make a lot of diverse, different types of characters.
In Diablo three, every character kind of had their default and you couldn't really customize that.
Now they don't have a default druid or a default barbarian.
It is always when you're on the character select screen, it is always randomized, the characters that are sitting there.
So you can see different looking people anytime you look at the menu of a class select, which I think is interesting.
I like that they kind of mix it up like that.
So Mish in chat says I made a second character because I'm like you, Rob, I do everything I can.
I'll make a second character, too, eventually, but I'll wait for the season content to do it.
When the season content drops, then I'll make a second character.
And, you know, because I assume that season characters will roll into regular like before.
Other than that, I've also been playing more Final Fantasy 14.
I should get my island sanctuary to rank 14 tonight because that's my end game content is island sanctuary or the, I guess, animal crossing for lack of it's more like farm simulator or something is more like what it is.
What are the what is the name of that big farming game?
Why is the name escape me?
Harvest Moon. It's more Harvest Moon than that.
But I'll get to that tonight.
And I've also been playing a little bit of Dead by Daylight, just a little.
But I did get Jane to prestige one.
I only have a handful of characters left to art at prestige one and Jane was one of them.
So I got my adept Jane as well.
So, yeah, I should also mention what Dead by Daylight they did a big pride stream earlier this week and they released a lot of charm content that are related to Pride Month.
So meaning like, you know, charms are things that your survivor can wear on their little belt or, you know, belt area or killers.
Yeah, killers can have them on their hook.
So most Lijabodqua people had the rainbow charms.
But now, like Dark Saga just said, you can have an ace charm if you want to have an ace charm or a pan flag if you want to have that or trans flags.
They released a lot of different identities within the spectrum this week.
And that's really cool for those that, you know, want to use those and further identify or what have you.
And I think they also released another rainbow charm that was like an eye that looked pretty cool, too, like a more generalized pride charm that was neat.
So there is the one thing to bring up we had touched on before.
Yeah, please.
Yeah, so Pupers was, you know, a big figure in the community, one of the early fog whisperers, you know, the representatives of the game and just a really all around great person.
And he finally died on the second from ALS complications of ALS.
And so, on that note, you know, we just want to offer our empathy to family and friends, the people who knew him the best.
And also, you know, a show of support for the community, for everyone who he touched.
He is definitely a light in the fog.
Yeah, a lot of people in the Twitch community feeling lost this week, for sure.
And may his memory be a blessing.
All right.
I think that's everything to say on my gaming week.
So let's get into some news.
I'm going to turn it again.
The show is probably going to be a little shorter tonight, just because I'm feeling kind of bled or sacros feeling kind of bled.
But we do have some news we want to get through and talk about some of the headlines this week.
So, Loki, I'm going to let you start it off.
Right, Loki?
I'm sorry, what was that?
You started off, right?
Yeah.
Yep, meta quest three, I think I've been actually waiting for because I wanted to pick up a new VR headset.
And I know that they were going to be announcing a new meta quest three.
And now here we go.
So the quest three is going to be coming out this fall, starting at $500, along with that they're gonna be dropping the price of the quest to down $100 again, so they raised it and now it's back down again.
So that's interesting.
Looks like it has more front facing cameras, a more powerful Snapdragon processor in as well, it's going to be capable of doing some AR stuff as well, which is kind of cool.
And then on top of that, they're going to be also doing a patch, or I guess not really a patch, a firmware update for the quest to, to actually bump up the power of it by like, I think 20-25% or up to 25% more.
So that's kind of nice for folks who have the the older one.
Let's see, yeah, so $500 for the 128 gigabyte storage version, and then 256, no price on that yet.
But it is interesting to see, you know that it is, I mean, I'm curious to check out to see how much better it is, because I know my VR headset is pretty old, and I would like a new one that can sit in the box that I probably won't ever use.
But it's nice to know that I'll have one in case I do want to use it.
My kids are always saying, are you going to get us one?
I'm like, you already have a quest to that I bought you like six months ago, so shut up.
But yeah, the they've got, yeah, 40% smaller than the quest to it's got the same pancake lens optics from the quest pro.
So that's cool, even better visuals and a higher resolution display.
And they said much higher resolution quality pass through cameras now in color, assisted with a special depth sensor.
So that's going to be hopefully for AR, possibly.
Maybe we'll have to see some of the games and what they do.
Yes, we will have to see some of those games, including the one that they did promise us last time we talked about VR, and still nothing.
So back on October 28th, 2021, Mark Zuckerberg, the lizard man himself, promised that they're going to be working on Grand Theft Auto San Andreas for VR, to which I said, wow, I don't really care about that because that's going to look like garbage in VR because it's so damn old.
But OK, sure, you know, if that's all I get, then I'm fine with that, I guess.
Um, nothing about the game at all.
So is it coming out?
Hopefully, Grow Street Games isn't working on it because that will be all sorts of awful.
I don't know, I like once again, like until I saw that article, I completely forgot about it.
Yeah, I forgot that that was the thing, too, until that story was making the rounds this week.
It's not really like a really cool thing to have an exclusive like, yeah, it's exclusive Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
I mean, you might as well just do like Grand Theft Auto one at that point.
I mean, it's so old, like, is that really all the quest three can handle is just like San Andreas?
Unless they're doing something real extra to it, which I don't I don't know why they'd have the license to do that, but I would hope not.
Like do like I'd be excited about Grand Theft Auto for VR, like I'd be down for that.
Like that's about as old as I would go with Grand Theft Auto for VR on like one of those headsets.
San Andreas is just too damn old at this point, but that's it's like a remake.
That's also you and you were like a top leaderboard player on Grand Theft Auto four.
So yes, I am hoping someday that Grand Theft Auto four comes back with online support so that I can once again dominate leaderboards again.
That will be my game.
But. But wait, we'll have to wait.
Random aside, real quick, speaking of VR games is not related to what you just talked about, Loki, and technically this isn't about VR, but a game that does play in VR.
Dark Soccer, I thought of you this week because I think I felt like our worlds collided a little bit because No Man's Sky, one of my favorite games that I talk about all the time, teased a lot of you know, they were when
Hello Games wants to tease a new or Sean Murray specifically, when he wants to tease a new game, he uses emojis and he was using a lot of Apple emojis this week.
And everybody was like, oh, is No Man's Sky coming out on Mac?
And sure enough, that was it.
No Man's Sky came out on Mac this week.
So this this game that's like seven years old, that continues to come out on these platforms.
But I did I was I and I thought it was legit cool that like it's coming out through Steam, basically.
And if you already bought No Man's Sky on Steam, on PC or wherever else, you just get the Mac one free, quote unquote.
So it's already unlocked for you.
So I thought that was really cool.
So that's pretty good.
I mean, I already have it for Steam, so that'll be nice.
Oh, then, yeah, it's already in your library.
So that's really cool.
I just didn't want to have to keep logging into GeForce for it.
Yeah, this is fine.
Yeah, interesting.
You know, and if rumors about where Apple may be, because the No Man's Sky developer said we have something else to announce really soon.
If rumors about where Apple could be going very, very soon, true not to be true, that could be very interesting.
But we'll we'll wait until those curtains are pulled back.
I have not heard of any rumors, nor have I the desire to comment on them.
Yep. All right.
Yep. All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about something else.
Another game that I really like now, Diablo 4, because obviously I've been playing quite a bit of it.
But some people, unfortunately, have had a lot more trouble playing Diablo 4.
For the most part, the launch of Diablo 4 has actually been like shockingly smooth for a Diablo game or for a Blizzard game.
Excuse me. Like, you know, well, I got to say, actually, some of their more recent WoW expansions have actually launched pretty smoothly as well.
I think Blizzard just has that reputation from 10 years ago of having a lot of hot mess launches and certainly Diablo 3.
Y'all remember the big era when people were trying to play Diablo 3 and everybody was pissed that Diablo 3 was always online, which is funny because that's like the norm now and nobody cares anymore.
But Diablo 3 had all those issues.
Well, for the most part, for most people, Diablo 4 hasn't been an issue, but it has been on the PlayStation 5.
Some folks are having problems getting into Diablo 4 on the PlayStation 5, and this is because of what's called a valid license error.
So apparently what would happen is that if the game just couldn't authenticate or whatever, it would not let you in the game.
People found a workaround of doing one of two things.
The first workaround that was found was, oh, if you buy two dollars worth of the Diablo currency on the PlayStation store, you can get in.
And people were like, oh, that's shitty.
Oh, that's shady. But what the trick really is, is that you're downloading something new from the store and it's causing the store to refresh your account.
So people realized if you download a free game, you can also like go download Fortnite or whatever is free to play.
There's a ton of stuff in the free play section.
Go download something there and it will update your license and then you can get into Diablo 4.
Interestingly enough, this doesn't seem specific to PlayStation because it's also been happening on Xbox.
I know Dark Tetsuya was saying, yeah, I've been having a similar problem on the Xbox series.
So it doesn't seem like it's as prevalent on Microsoft, but it definitely hit PlayStation.
Really interesting thought.
You know, all this stuff lately about Microsoft trying to buy Activision and Blizzard and Sony's response was that, well, they could screw us on launches if they wanted to.
Now, I don't think Blizzard or Activision screwed the launch here because I think if it's a store license issue, that sounds like a Sony problem to me.
But if it's on multiple platforms, though, that is, yeah, that is so I'm not I'm not sure.
I feel like this is going to get diagnosed a little further, because if this is a Sony problem, then whatever Sony has to eat it, if this is a Blizzard problem, this issue is going to come back again in an arbitration room or a courtroom watch.
Because this is exactly what Sony was bitching about coming to life.
For better or for worse.
Yeah, I mean, I could see them someone doing a case, I really that it's not letting you play it for like a day or so, whatever.
I mean, they obviously got it fixed.
It's not like it's not saying, oh, we got to purchase it.
You know, you know, the pay to be in their minute one if they're not in their minute one.
And by the way, they that by the way, the part a lot of people aren't saying they actually opened the servers 10 minutes early.
It was supposed to launch at four o'clock Pacific.
Those sneaky little sneaks actually plugged it in at 350 just for this reason to not everybody slam at the same second.
They opened it early so people could get in.
It's a smart thing to do, but so they can have a little bit more graceful.
But again, on the PC front, you wouldn't know anything is wrong.
It's running smooth as butter on PC.
Like, yeah, I mean, sure.
Like people are going to sue about everything.
I still see like advertisements on Facebook about like steam lawsuits saying that steam is monopolizing PC and like.
Do you not understand how storefronts work?
But like.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, sure.
I guess anything's possible.
People are dumb and will like sue over everything.
But like, I think is it is it warranted?
Probably not in this scenario.
I don't think they sue.
But keep in mind, the U.S.
hasn't made their decision yet on this whole thing.
So that's why I say it's coming up.
Not even like, yeah, that's not even anything like, well, see, you couldn't play it.
But yeah, it's like, but yeah, that's that's on Sony storefront.
Like it was your like if you had these license error issues, like, I don't know, it just sounds like a setup problem.
And it was on both platforms like.
That's just really like drawing straw there, like it's just like it's.
I mean, sure, if that's what like puts them over the edge saying, see, see.
No, I don't think it'll put it over the edge.
I don't think everybody like.
No, I don't think it puts anything of the edge, but I think it gets brought up.
That's all I'm saying.
I think this gets brought up.
I think Sony pulls this out and says, look what happened.
So it'll be interesting.
I don't know.
By the way, and on all that, I heard that, you know, you know, obviously people talk a lot and there's a lot of stuff circulating social media.
Apparently, somebody with Activision Blizzard is supposed to be meeting with somebody with the UK government to try to get them to reverse their decision on the appeal on blocking the merge.
But there is talk on the table that Activision Blizzard may pull out of the UK.
If the Microsoft thing goes through, they may just straight pull out of the UK.
That's an interesting thing for them to leverage, because it's not that the games would suffer because all they have to do is release the games as Microsoft in the UK.
They would close all the offices in the UK.
So I believe now that they could be playing this game is that they're basically saying, if you block us, we'll just pull all your employees out of the UK.
I think they're going to try to strong arm it that way.
That's a pretty.
It's shitty, but it's it's also business.
I get it.
Oh, God. What was that company?
It was.
Not Konami.
Remember, Konami had the the other like publishing arm that they use for the Nintendo because.
No, it's Ultra.
It's Ultra.
Ultra.
Yeah.
Ultra Games is coming back.
Babies publishing Diablo and Call of Duty.
I think I think if the US also blocks it, then they can't do that.
But if the UK kind of sticks out like a thumb where they're the only one that blocked it out of the others, absolutely.
Microsoft, they're going to put that on the table that basically like, OK, well, we're going to just dissolve Activision Blizzard's presence in the UK then.
And they'll I mean, it is shitty, but.
But it's a good tactic.
I mean, yeah, it's a good tactic.
Very good strong arm.
Yeah, but again, the UK has to stand alone in blocking it, which is a whole other issue.
If they're standing alone blocking it, then we kind of look at it going, well, why are they blocking it and everybody else?
Yeah, I mean, it's not the first time the UK's done something to block.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on.
No offense, the people are not their government, but I'm saying the government's been doing some shit.
Believe me, after after the years 2016 to 2021 here in the US, please, please understand the people are not the government.
Oh, indeed.
Indeed, we understand that more than anyone.
We we love all our friends in the UK.
Loudest and worst, you know, the sore thumb sticks out.
All right.
Anyhow, Dark Soccer, Konami got brought up.
So, hey, let's talk about this.
Silent Hill Ascension.
So basically it is going to launch this year.
There is a trailer.
It is coming out with Behavior, Bad Robot Games, DJ2 Entertainment and Genvid all together released the trailer for Silent Hill Ascension.
You know what I kind of hope with Behavior involved in it is that we get some updates for the Silent or we get another Silent Hill pack.
For Dead by Daylight, but going back to...
I would love that.
Yeah.
But anyway, with Silent Hill Ascension, you are going around Silent Hill and there are actions that are going to be going into the game.
Kind of, I guess it almost sounds almost like the quarry, you know, where your actions are going to build the outcome of the game.
But you are going to be playing with a global audience.
I guess it's built for streaming.
But they are basically going to...
Hello, I am trying to see where exactly it is under.
They are talking about the environment a lot.
But they are going to build a completely immersive experience with, you know, live community driven moments.
I am reckoning that something like how Cult of the Lamb works, you know, or having a built in Dixper or something.
Interesting.
But I want to read this quote from Okamoto Motoy, who is the series producer at Konami.
Silent Hill fans and horror audiences everywhere will have a lot to look forward to.
We are pleased to tell a new interactive story and never before explored locations alongside new characters that will be introduced to fans of the Silent Hill universe.
It is you who decide the fate of multiple main characters, which will unfold simultaneously around the globe.
Hmm, it almost sounds like the creative direction of the show could be whatever the Internet votes on, like it might not be like an individualized experience.
I don't know. I can't kind of tell, but I'm getting the sense that like it's actually whatever the entire Internet decides is what happens, which actually sounds really horrific and I hope is not the direction they go in.
That sounds very like how Elon Musk wants to run Twitter.
And I don't know how I feel about that.
But I'm hoping I'm misunderstanding that.
I think it's going to be like a choose your own adventure, you're going to have the presets.
OK, well, that would be much better.
But the thing is, is that this allows for a replay of seasons, if that makes sense.
I mean, it looks pretty interesting.
I would rather play, you know.
Yeah, well, I'm OK with a narrative game, like especially like a tell tale kind of game or, you know, you even brought up Until Dawn or Cory, but I think that, oh, no, that's being done in the Dead by Daylight universe.
So I guess I get all these horror game franchises mixed up sometimes, but it could be interesting to see something go that direction for sure as well.
But yeah, I just I worry if it's something where the entire Internet votes on it because it's it's going to get gross real quick.
What? The Internet is a cesspool?
Yes, that part.
So, yeah, I just I hope they're not going that direction.
But we'll see when the game comes out or we have some more details.
S2100 Matt in chat says, yeah, I worry how that will play out.
Yeah, I'm going to try to be helpful.
Yeah, I want to try to be helpful, too, and I'll wait I'll wait to see some gameplay, some details to really kind of formulate those thoughts, but it does feel a little nebulous right now.
Oh, of course.
But I'm still I'm I'm maintaining a little bit of hope that maybe it's enough that people will be fans of the series and want to that the good will outweigh the bad.
Yeah, and on the bright side, it's not the only Silent Hill thing that's coming out either.
So if this doesn't end up being your cup of tea, you still have the Silent Hill 2 remake, you still have the Silent Hill F or whatever that was called, they showed the trailer for.
So it's still all these other places they're building out the universe.
So if this doesn't end up being your cup of tea, there's probably something that will be.
Except Pachinko, for some reason, they're done with the Pachinko.
I don't know what that's all about.
Maybe no one's into the Apache slot that much anymore.
I guess.
All right.
Well, speaking of something else, people don't seem to be into anymore.
Loki, let's talk about a recently released game.
Yeah, I don't know if anybody was into it much when it came out, but there were a couple of people in chat here that were like, it's not as bad as everyone says is it sounds like could have been better.
It sounds like it's one of those things where it's like once you get back, is that like Harambee in the background on your stream?
What the hell was that?
This is one to switch.
This is what you deserve is a stupid monkey doing garbage.
I don't even know half these games.
I've played one to switch.
I didn't even know about half of these games.
It's in.
I remind you they have a game that I even when I saw it, I was like, what?
Like where they had you rock your controller to you had to rock the controller because the controller was a baby and you had to put it to sleep.
And my mind's like, someone's going to shake that damn controller.
So that would be wasn't there like a cookie mama spinoff game that was that.
And if you shook the controller, it was a big like, no, like that came up like X or something.
I swear that was the thing.
And that was one where they had it.
It was like a baby doll that you actually insert the controller into.
Like you put the Wii in its mouth or the Wiimote thing in the mouth or something terrible.
You do something horrible to that doll.
And yes.
Because that poor child did die.
All right.
Anyways, yeah, game's stupid or just, you know.
But anyway, it didn't have the bugs that Redful had.
So, you know, that is an unfortunate thing.
So what happened?
What happened with Redful?
Why was it the way it was?
Well, some reasons may have come out from this article by Bloomberg basically saying that, look, Microsoft didn't really have
hands on on the game development with this game.
They kind of left it to Bethesda to take care of, aside from making the decision not to publish it on the PlayStation 5.
With that, though, the Austin studio that was handling Redfall, apparently, you know, a good portion of the team, 70% of the
team that had made Prey, which was markedly a better game, had left Arkane Austin by the time Redfall had shipped.
So losing a lot of that talent could have definitely been part of the problem there as well.
Also, there was an interview with Kind of Funny Games where Spencer defended the creative direction of the game, saying one
thing I will fight is this sort of what went wrong.
There's clearly quality and execution things we can do.
But one thing I won't do is push against the creative aspirations of our team.
OK, I don't think it was like harping on the creativity of the game.
They were just saying the game runs like dog shit.
So, you know, maybe don't do that.
Yes, I understand the problem with the game is not like the story or creative stuff.
It's it's well, that's not I mean, yes and no.
Like, I will hark on the I will make a complaint about the creativity of the game, because, like, for example, you have
Dishonored, which has like really awesome, like real time cut scenes and stuff like that.
That's like a really, you know, a solid narrative to the game.
Same with even Deathloop and stuff like that.
This one has like static images that they pan slowly across the screen.
And that's it, like there's like no like cut scenes in there, it's like they like half-assed it.
Which I'm sorry, but like that, when you have one game that looks really cool, like you've put out games that are really high quality and then this one comes out.
It's just even that much more of a contrast to your previous games.
And so obviously it's people are going to complain about it because it's they were expecting Dishonored and you gave them one to switch.
All right, well, let's move on and address another rumor that's going around in the gaming community right now.
And that is that CD Projekt Red is apparently trying to get or is Sony is trying to buy CD Projekt Red.
And the rumor is so loud that President and CEO Adam Kinski actually said in a recent investor Q&A, not happening, CD Projekt is not for sale.
This dates back to apparently a Destiny leaker who had one that had been right before, had a thread on Reddit that PlayStation wants to buy CD Projekt Red in that investor Q&A.
The CEO said nothing has changed on our end.
I can repeat what we've been saying throughout the year, CD Projekt is not for sale.
We want to remain independent.
We have, I believe, an excellent strategy for sure.
It's not easy to execute, but it's very exciting to follow our path.
So it's pure rumor.
So we already know that they're working on some other things that have nothing to do with Cyberpunk 2077.
For example, a new Witcher trilogy is something that's being worked on.
There's also the expansion for Cyberpunk 2077, which will be shown at Cyber Game Fest.
That is something they're going to show.
So there's still more to come there.
But interesting that we always get these rumors about Sony trying to buy somebody like, like they've got to be looking around wondering who can we buy since Microsoft's getting Activision Blizzard?
Who can we buy?
I don't know.
Maybe they'll buy Capcom.
I don't know.
Just because, yeah, just because, you know, it still could be a true rumor.
It could be that, you know, internally, they're like, yeah, we're interested in acquiring this company, but if the company doesn't want to sell, they can't purchase it.
Right.
You know, that's still so both could be true at the same time.
True.
Hi, Dr. Sakurai.
Well, it's finally happened.
I can't make words.
It's Chiyo Kazuhiro, who is the current producer of the Mega Man series, has left Capcom.
He followed Inahune in 2010 as taking over.
The first one he worked on was Mega Man 7 for Super Nintendo and recently worked on Mega Man Legacy Collection and the Battle Network series.
But there is no announced replacement for him yet.
I wonder if this means they aren't working on a new Mega Man game right now.
You think they would be.
I thought the more recent entries actually sold pretty decently, but.
Yeah, I liked 11.
Yeah.
So that's unfortunate.
And they also they've been re-releasing like a bunch of those collections that probably sold pretty well.
So, yeah, Battle Network, all that just came out recently.
And and I would like to say that, like, I mean, I get it that they're not making stuff, but like watching the the showcase and like runs of Mega Man Maker games.
Pretty awesome.
During the summer games done quick.
Oh, I didn't see the Mega Man.
I saw some of the Mario Maker relay that they were doing.
But yeah, so like there's like a PC game that's Mega Man Maker that somebody's that they've developed and stuff.
And so you can make your own custom Mega Man games.
And they did a bunch of Mega Man levels themed after other, you know, eight big games, which I thought was funny.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, all right.
Moving on, Loki.
All right, so there's this whole thing going on with esports now.
Basically, some of the leagues are trying to unionize and are striking over plans to make rule changes that would, I guess, cut the North American Challenger League from 16 teams to seven.
I thought at least I thought that they were trying to.
Yeah, the else the LCS Players Association representing the region's professional players.
So the estimated 70 players, coaches, et cetera, lose their jobs.
And Riot says that the cuts were necessary to ensure that the North American leagues remain sustainable and economically viable.
So they're just going to try to refuse to play.
And then Riot's basically going to say, well, if you strike, then we're going to cancel the entire esports season.
I guess that makes sense if you don't play teams.
Yeah.
So they're saying, hopefully, this two week window will give us time to for productive dialogue between the LSCPA teams and the league and then resume LCS competition this summer.
The LCS will not be penalizing teams for not fielding their rosters during this two week period to allow for everyone's space to focus on constructive dialogue.
We're doing our best to ensure LCS employees, contractors, and others supporting LCS or others supporting the LCS are not negatively impacted by the delay.
So.
Yep.
And there was another thing, too, saying that there's Riot, they said that there's a possibility of teams using scab players.
Yeah, so hopefully, hopefully they don't do that.
Hmm.
I'm just like people.
Yeah, a lot of a lot of strong arm tactics going on in the industry right now in there.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, what a terrible what a terrible follow up this makes for it.
But it's one of those things where it's like the lion, the witch and the audacity of this bitch.
Like, again, here we are talking about, you know who, the CEO of Activision Blizzard, Bobby Beeptic.
Bobby Crap?
I don't know why, but he got a fucking cover story on variety this week.
And I'm assuming it's because of Diablo four's launch or whatever, which variety is a Hollywood thing.
But we know games are starting to bleed the line with Hollywood.
So fine, whatever.
I get why variety is doing that.
But to give this guy the cover, Christ.
But there's this whole interview that they just basically give him a platform to say things like, quote, we've had every possible form of investigation done and we did not have a systemic issue with harassment ever.
Well, fucking Jason laid it out in the intro already.
Like the lie detector test determined that was a lie.
Like, lie detectors don't work.
It's a Maury reference.
But it's just, yeah, obviously, you know, Diablo four is launching and all that stuff.
And oh, he's variety says in that interview, quote, continue to comment from, you know, who is saying, look, like any large company with 16000 employees, we're going to have some instances of workplace discrimination or harassment.
We're fortunate over our 30 years has been a very small number and it's something that we care deeply about.
I swear to God, that sounds like something our last president would have said.
That sounds like a quote from what the last like the the way that's phrased is just from the school of I'm not even going to say his name, but you all know who I'm talking about.
It's a very small number.
We care.
That is no, we don't care at all.
He needs to go.
He needs to go.
I mean, yeah, this is a perfect example of why he needs to go, because he doesn't think there's a problem.
I mean, he's come on.
I mean, there's no problem.
I mean, obviously, they're not going to come out and say, yeah, we knew about this systemic problem at our company.
Of course, he's going to deny it.
Of course he is.
Here's the thing.
He's only emboldened by everything that's happened.
Recap the board of directors at Activision.
So the own company that talks to this guy every day did that report that cleared Bobby Kotick of any wrongdoing.
And in that report, it said, contrary to many of the allegations, the board and its external advisors have determined that there is no evidence to suggest that Activision Blizzard senior executives ever intentionally ignored or attempted to downplay the instances of gender harassment that occurred and were reported, which we all know again lie.
And Bobby Kotick said now he's just emboldened.
He says in the cover story of Variety, I wouldn't be sitting here talking to you if any of what you read in the inflammatory narrative was truthful.
He shouldn't be sitting there.
That's why all of us that care about this industry are so fucking mad, because it's this systemic fuckery going on with the board of directors.
I got to watch getting loud tonight.
My voice can't handle it.
Breathe in, breathe out.
OK, it's this systemic fuckery happening with the board of directors that is allowing Bobby Kotick to stay in place.
And the whole process is infuriating.
And the fact that now this is just a cover story that more people can read as almost like this guy is trying to save face is also.
Infuriating, and I just want to see this guy out of our industry sooner rather than later.
Period.
I agree.
And I don't know what else needs to be said.
So let's travel back to a simpler time when this guy wasn't in the headlines.
Let's go back in this next segment to a more fun time in gaming, if I can find the button.
I'm a little flustered by it.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, what did you pick for the classic game of the week, DarkSakura?
Saturn Bomberman, which is a very specific reason I chose Saturn Bomberman.
I love Bomberman, don't get me wrong, but this one is a little bit special.
So of course, it was an action game developed by Hudson Soft for Sega Saturn.
It is the 12th Bomberman game, and it was released in Japan on July 19th, 1996, and in North America on August 22nd, 1997, and in Europe in 1997 as well.
It is a multiplayer game for up to 10 players.
It is one of the top, I would say, rated Bomberman games, although it did get some criticism for not really pushing the series.
But at any rate, it has that battle mode and a story mode.
And then there's a master mode where you have to finish a series of levels where you're given rank based on how much time is taken.
And so you have a scoreboard for how fast you do and you get different power ups.
Of course, there's new ones.
Saturn Bomberman brings in dinosaur helpers, which are found as eggs.
And when you release, they're released when you destroy a soft block and there are babies, adolescents and adults in the appropriate strength level.
They can take one hit and you can ride the dinosaur and basically they act as your Yoshi.
They get hit, you're OK.
You have different power ups.
The special meter that slowly builds up and once the meter is full, your dinosaur will grow a level from baby to adolescent and adolescent to adult.
But in battle mode, it's a little differently.
When you collect an egg riding the dinosaur, the dinosaur will grow.
And then you can jump off the dinosaur at any time.
So basically, the story mode for this is that you blow up poles with red orbs that are called Zarfs while destroying your enemies and blowing up blocks and getting power ups.
And then once you clean up all the Zarfs, you get an exit and can go and you do a victory pose and there's a cut scene.
The battle mode.
So this is where it gets interesting.
So you need two multitaps for this.
Seven players can connect on one multitap or you can just play two, but you also can go against bots in the game.
If you have more than eight players, you get a widescreen arena that shrinks the characters down.
It's a little bit, it makes the play field area very large, but it disables some power ups, including the dinosaurs.
The North American version also supports the Sega Netlink for up to four players online.
They were pretty split over this.
Like I said, you know, a lot of people thought that this was an amazing addition, that the power ups in the system was just pretty, pretty awesome.
You know, having the 10 players set up was also pretty great, but there were some people who thought it just didn't do enough.
They think that it's still too much classic Bomberman and didn't add anything fresh to it.
That's really been the only thing, but not everyone was fully sold on the 10 player feature as well because of the screen size and losing the power ups and whatnot.
AGM said it was a mediocre one player game, but a fantastic multiplayer game.
And honestly, I've only ever played this multiplayer, so I think the biggest party I played with was a six person party.
They also said the graphics and music weren't super great, but this one itself, you know, like I said, this one, this one was just a really fun group game.
I mean, in the end, that's what it was meant for.
It was ranked as the second best Saturn game of 1997 with Fighters Megamix being right above it.
I don't know if I've done Fighters Megamix, I might need to.
In 2014, Retro Gamer placed this on their top 10 Saturn games list.
And I think that, yeah, it's a little divisive, but I think it's a fun game if you just look at it for what it is.
It's a Bomberman game and it's on the Saturn and you can have a lot of friends play with you.
This is an ultimate party game.
So there you go.
All right, your classic game of the week, Saturn Bomberman.
I was actually pretty surprised I've never done a Bomberman.
Oh, you haven't done any, but I thought you've done at least one of them.
Wow.
I looked and no Bombers came up.
Interesting.
I think I've done, I think I've done Star Parodia and I think that's the closest to Bomberman I got.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, I never played the Saturn one, but that party mode sounds really messy.
It's pretty epic.
It is messy though.
I mean, like when you get to the 10 player one, I'll be honest, it never really appealed to me in that respect.
But at the same time, I mean, it's, it's just, you know, it's Bomberman.
How can you go wrong with Bomberman?
All right.
Well, let's travel around and get some rapid fire news and some other topics really quickly here before we wrap up.
Yeah, we're going to move to wrap up here pretty soon, actually, folks.
Sorry, I know it's a little early, but as I said, just for a multitude of issues, we want to keep it a little shorter than usual tonight.
So sorry, but I'm sure you all understand.
So let's do some other quick headlines.
Loki.
Yeah, so itch.io is doing yet another queer games bundle.
I think we did something similar like this last year, but we have another bundle with 450 games, tabletop games, books, zines, albums, art, and from nearly 300 queer creators, all for 60 bucks.
The price of one AAA game, you can get 450 pieces of games and all sorts of other things.
So that's pretty cool.
And I have no idea what's in that in that bundle, but it's probably a lot of stuff.
I have way too much stuff on itch.io that I've not touched, but I'll still probably buy it.
And PlayStation Plus has announced their monthly games lineup for June 2023.
So you're going to be getting with games of the plus NBA 2K23.
And we have Jurassic World Evolution 2.
Those are both are going to be on PlayStation five and PlayStation four.
And last but not least, Trek de Yomi is going to be on both as well.
All right.
I think I gave you the same link twice for Xbox Game Pass.
Sorry, we can come back and do those at the end if you want to find the right link in the showroom.
Let me go to Dark Sakura first, then when I saw this headline, I instantly thought of you.
Yeah, and it's going to be too much for me to do the preorder as much as I want it.
But Cotton 100%, which is a SNES classic or a Super Famicom classic is being re-released for September 2023 date.
It will be roughly 55 bucks.
It comes with a brand new art reminiscent of the original.
I'll be more specific about it.
It says delivery date between September 26th and October 5th.
So around late September, it's 7,678 yen.
Now the delivery price on this of the release date of September 21st.
There you go.
Gosh, the delivery on this is 2,416 yen.
But oh, my gosh, I want it so much.
I love Cotton.
But it's not the only game that they're doing this with.
I think I'm just looking at some of the upcoming stuff available.
No, actually, I think Cotton is the only one that's getting the release like that.
I thought I saw other stuff, but yeah, there's Battletoads.
Looks like Battletoads is a resale version of the scenes of it.
And there's a Mega Drive game on here, too, which is.
I don't recognize the game.
Oh, a Glalancer.
Yeah, so I'm seeing a few things on there for other things,
but they also have a bunch of like retro knockoff systems meant to play things.
But but yeah, I mean, Cotton, shit.
I love that game.
All right.
Well, we had brought it up earlier in the show, but just to officially recap, Summer
Game Stunt Quick did happen this last week and the official final total $2,239,204 for
Doctors Without Borders, or I believe that's Merica San Fronteras is that's why it's
MSF USA.
It's Doctors Without Borders.
Yeah, but it's Doctors Without Borders.
And yeah, they raised quite a bit of money there.
That's certainly no small amount to blink at.
That's a great job by All Done.
Some folks are noting it's not as much as was raised last year, but there's probably a
few things that come into play with that.
Again, Bobby went into this in depth on his show, so I won't recap it too much.
But something to kind of consider is that if you look at the timing that this year's
event happened, it was really different from other years.
Usually this happens pretty close to my birthday and OLR's birthday, which is the end
of June.
We're close to the end of June right now.
So I would say timing is probably a part of that.
But again, I will defer to Bobby's show tonight who gets a little more into it tonight.
But again, I don't I don't think we should be like, oh, no, it didn't raise as much.
I guess it still raised 2.2 million dollars.
When was the last time you raised that kind of money?
That's a great amount of money for a very worthy cause.
So congratulations to everyone that was involved with that.
All right, Loki, do you want to talk about Xbox Game Pass real quick?
Yeah, so Game Pass is getting quite a few games for the month of June.
So we have Chicory, A Colorful Tale that's both on console and PC, as well as cloud.
Far World Pioneers on console and PC.
We have Car Mechanic Simulator 2021 on all three.
Slayer's X, Terminal Aftermath, Vengeance of the Slayer on all three.
The Big Con, that's also all three.
Amnesia, The Bunker.
We've got Hypno Space Outlaw, Rune Factory 4 Special, Stacking.
Let's see, Dord, I have no idea how to pronounce.
I'm going to butcher this, but that's fine.
It looks like Dordogne, I guess.
That's coming out on all three as well.
And then apparently there's going to be.
Oh, gosh, there's still more.
OK, well, we've got Super Mega Baseball 4.
That's going to be early access with I guess that's EA Play.
And then Supress, the Superlands, Six Inches Under Battlefield 2040.
And this is like I think this is DLC game updates.
So Tales and Trails.
Yeah, of course, that's Minecraft stuff leaving games past.
We've got our bridge constructor portal that's going to be leaving.
Chorus, Maneater, Mortal Shell, Serious Sam 4 and Total War Three Kingdoms.
There were some updates to that leaving list, by the way, since the time
that that was published, because apparently it's out there now that
on the 15th of the month, some pretty heavy hitters are going to be leaving.
Among Us is leaving Game Pass, which was a pretty heavy hitter
when that came out.
And Shredder's Revenge, the Ninja Turtles game, is going to be leaving Game Pass.
That would be that's been about a year since that came out, right?
So maybe the year kind of ran out on that.
So but that was still a little surprising.
I was like, oh, Game Pass kind of been taking some hits,
but I think something to really keep in mind.
And again, as we start to get to the end of the show.
This weekend, coming weekend, and by the time we're on our next show,
going to be huge, especially for Microsoft.
Don't forget, everyone.
Microsoft doing a big event Sunday morningish, afternoonish.
It's around isn't around like 11 a.m.
I don't remember the exact time.
Somebody in chat needs to jump in, please.
But they're also doing the Starfield Direct as well.
So they're kind of doing the deep dive on Starfield and Microsoft announcements.
So we'll find out what else Microsoft's doing this holiday.
And I don't think it's unrealistic to expect.
There will be stealth Game Pass releases that they have not been.
That is common with these Microsoft events is there's at least one game.
They'll be like, and it's on Game Pass today.
So even though it kind of feels like there's not much coming to Game Pass,
I wonder if they haven't been stockpiling them a little bit to dump with this.
Dark to see also reminding us Summer Game Fest is also Thursday.
So there's going to be a lot that happens with that.
There's no way I can simulcast that.
Anything that happens during the day now, there's no way I can simulcast it.
I guess I didn't mention it.
I'll say I got a I got a promotion at work, which is great.
And, you know, all that.
But it just means more time that I just I have so much to do right now.
So, yeah, I can't pull away for that.
I wish these things were in the evening, but I understand because of time zones,
they want to do a lot of these things because like one o'clock
L.A. time is like nine o'clock in the UK.
So I understand why they want to do things when they do.
But yeah, it just sucks during the day I can't simulcast.
But I'll definitely be checking out the footnotes after the fact,
because I'm really curious to see what they do announce from the event for sure.
So. All right.
Yeah. Next week's show, we're going to have a lot more stories
and hopefully I won't be feeling like shit. All right.
Let's do some release dates of what's coming out this week.
Loki in the US, what's coming out this week?
This week, we have Amnesia, the bunker
that's going to be coming out on PC, PlayStation four, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Diablo four is finally coming out for everybody else that didn't preorder.
That's on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
Loop eight, Summer of the Gods.
That's on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Raiden three cross
Mikado Maniacs, and that's on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series.
We have finally a US one.
It is interesting.
The Mikado soundtracks are pretty cool.
We have a Bleak Sword DX on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Harmony, The Fall of Reverie on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Pro Cycling Manager on 2023.
That's on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
And to go along with that, of course, Tour de France 2023 on PC,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series.
And that is it.
All right, let's go over to Japan.
Japan actually a little slower on releases this week.
The only release on the Nintendo Switch this week is the Telenet shooting collection.
That's a collection of four games, classic titles from PC Engine and Genesis era.
These seem like dark soccer games.
Granada, Avenger, Gyruss, and Psychic Storm are in this collection.
Psychic Storm. OK, we have stories about Psychic Storm.
I'm sure you have been around where Dan and I have gone, I get pissed off like that.
That is a direct reference to them saying Psychic Storm in Psychic Storm
because it sounds like I get pissed off.
I see. OK.
And it's like, Psychic Storm, but it's I get pissed off for us.
Got it. Yeah. Anyway, one game.
And then the only release for the PlayStation five in Japan this week.
Actually, there are two.
MotoGP23 is out this week in Japan on Japan.
On June the 8th.
But just like the rest of the world, Japan is also getting Diablo four on June the 6th.
So if you were wondering, is that game coming out of Japan?
Yes, it is. It is still coming out there.
It's a worldwide release, really.
So because not everything Blizzard does goes to Japan because infamously World Warcraft is not available in Japan for whatever reason.
So not the people there aren't playing it, but it's not officially released in Japan.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
So in the UK, on the 6th for Xbox and PlayStation, we have Diablo four for Switch.
We have Loop eight Summer of Gods on the 8th for the three.
We have MotoGP23 on the 9th for Switch.
We have Toy Soldiers for PlayStation and Switch.
We have Garden Simulator for PlayStation and Xbox.
We have Miasma Chronicles on PlayStation, Death or Treat.
Love the name.
Also for PlayStation, Seeker My Shadow.
That's Eastall.
All right.
Well, with that, folks, we have reached the end of the show.
I know it's it was a little shorter tonight, but I think I've laid out why it's still an hour and a half is actually pretty good.
So thank you all for being here.
I appreciate it.
Let me quickly go to Loki and see if there's any last minute stories you want to cover tonight.
Loki, hey, do you have any last minute stories?
You all right over there?
Yeah, I'm OK.
I was looking for last minute stories.
And no, we have no last minute stories.
I was going to say, I didn't seem like a lot a lot happened this week.
But again, you know, with E3 week would have been this upcoming week.
I think a lot of it was probably being saved for this next week.
So I fully expect next week's going to be a pretty big show with that.
I guess there's one thing I guess I guess you mentioned this really minor.
But apparently the developers that were going to be doing the Knights of the Old Republic to restoration DLC on Switch said that they're not going to be able to do that.
Oh, I'm glad you brought this up.
This is a big deal for that community.
Yeah.
So instead, Aspire is going to be offering some free replacement games instead.
So if you are affected by this, if you preorder this, you can get whether they have Coder 2, the Sith Lords on Steam.
They've got Star Wars, Knights of the Old Republic on Switch, The Force Unleashed, Republic Commando, Episode One, Episode One Racer, Jedi Knight,
Jedi Academy or Jedi Knight 2, Jedi Outcast on Switch as well.
So, yeah, that that sucks.
Which if you're a Star Wars fan, you probably already owned all those Switch games.
So, right.
I mean, it's not like this is a brand new game.
It's just, you know, yeah, yeah.
All right.
Well, let's and I should shout out the mailbag.
I don't think we had any new emails tonight anyway, but I will.
We had garbage.
Yeah, I will mention participate at orangesontrader.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
Again, that's participate at orangesontrader.com.
I imagine we might get a couple after Summer Game Fest this week.
We'll see.
I have put out a call, by the way, for at least two cat pictures with nerdy stuff in them.
No, no people.
I want like video game memorabilia or the old Miitomo thing, you know, stuff like that.
Oh, yeah, because you're talking about updating the intro, huh?
Right.
And I need cheddar.
I was gonna say I need to get you cheddar picks then.
That actually is timed really well because our 21st anniversary, dot, dot, dot, is in three weeks on the 25th would be our 21st anniversary show.
This show is now old enough to drink.
So there's that.
Don't we have other stuff we could be doing?
Well, putting together cat pictures into a collage.
Clearly, that's one of them.
So okay, I mean, I was talking about like napping.
Def says, what's the due date for that?
If we want to make that happen by the June 25th show, then what's the due date for that?
Two weeks.
Two weeks.
As today, SSJ 100 Matt would like to submit a dog.
I guess put cat ears on it'll be fine.
I think we can allow Matt's dog.
He's cute.
Yeah.
All right.
Just this once.
Dog exceptions on a case by case basis.
Ferrets are 1000% allowed.
Actually, for Def, we should allow other animals too, if he wants.
Yeah, we can have other animals.
Absolutely.
I'm gonna have to change this to O.L.R.
Cats and friends.
Yeah, cats and friends, because we all know cats are in charge.
Absolutely.
The cats rule the stoop.
All right.
With that, we're gonna wrap up the show for tonight.
So that's it.
Thank you, as always, for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard, tell a friend about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we need more voices to put out on air.
So a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify or wherever it is you heard the show.
Those go an awful long way.
So please consider that.
In the meantime, we'll get everybody's final thoughts.
So Dark Sakura, I guess you get to get an early start tonight if you want on your post show shenanigans.
Well, that means that, well, actually, I'm going to have a Shayla with me.
I do not know about a Fixie, because I think Fixie is with their significant other.
But yeah, I'm going to do some entertainment and ending things and stuff.
All right.
Well, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
I don't have any thoughts.
Oh, I guess I'll just go ahead and say, you know, again, we miss you, Peppers.
I'm glad you're not hurting and may your memory be a blessing.
All right.
Well, thanks, Jamie.
We'll talk to you next week.
I guess.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Just going to be working hard on more Minecraft content, just rushing to get stuff down or stuff done, I guess.
Lots of work on, lots to do.
All right.
And my final thought is I really hope I'm feeling better tomorrow because I do want to get to streaming some Diablo 4.
I'm actually a little bit pained that I haven't been able to stream the early hours of the game.
But it is what it is.
Even doing this tonight, I'm already like, oh, it's pressure.
So I'm going to go treat myself to a nap.
So on that thought, we have a busy week ahead.
I think we all need a nap because it's going to be a big week in gaming this week.
So we will be here in seven days to digest all the news from Summer Game Fest, Microsoft's press event.
I keep saying press event, but it's really, you know, gamer direct conference or whatever you want to call it.
And whatever other surprises might be dropped on us this week, I assume there it may not end there.
We may have some other surprises this week.
So we'll talk about all of that next week on the show.
In the meantime, I hope you all have a wonderful week.
Thank you so much for being here.
And I am now going to roll the credits, which, by the way, DJ Rama S subbed the credits out and made good on her promise from last week.
So that being said, those on the podcast are going to hear something different behind as we outro tonight.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
