Quote, General Manager, Rod Ferguson, We really wanted to ground Diablo 4 as much as possible. We've had some fun, but we wanted to make sure it felt authentic to the gothic, dark themes we had. End quote. There is no cow level. Also Diablo 4, for the low, low price of 100% of your daily sodium intake, you too can wield the Dread Pheasant Slayer or the Foul Reaper. This is the Gotta Get Paid update. Now it's time to get started.
It's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Our program for tonight, June the 18th of 2023. Not only did I mix up the numbers, but of course I mixed up the six and the nine. How nice. We love that here at Orange Sounds Radio. Please say hello to my co hosts with me here every week. I'm Rob Roberts, but they are DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. Hi. Hi, how are you? I kind of heard a little bit right now. I had to go take something real quick. Oh, well, I hope you feel better.
I had a lot of rest yesterday. So I might have pulled something on my side a little bit. But that's why drugs exist. Yes, yes. Everybody, medical science is not out to kill you.
And as I was telling you before the show, I'm still not 100% from when I was sick after like Memorial Day. I'm still hanging on to a lot of that. So yes, Advil has been my friend, as has, you know, what is it just generic Sudafed or whatever. It's not I'm like, whatever top care is, I guess target or whatever brand that is.
Oh, boy. So you so you literally can't cry?
No, I cry too much. I either go from being like super dry and crusty to just tearing up really randomly. And we don't know what the cause of it was. It might have been related to allergy, pollen, something or the other. Could have happened when I was dealing with midness tooth.
Oh, interesting emergency dental surgery on the cat. Yeah, yeah.
The vet was like, okay, it came out. And she's like, we need to do extra. I mean, I can catch everyone up on Midna later, but it was just sick. Okay, well, that's how it worked. Yeah, cool.
All right, well, that's good. So now you can add dental surgeon to your resume. Let's see, ballet performer, dental surgeon, graphic artist,
videographer, part time killer in Dead by Daylight killer, sometimes survivor, Midnight Sun and cult leader.
All right. Well, speaking of cult leaders, help me also say hello to our other co host tonight, tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you doing?
I'm pretty good.
Good. Okay. So every week, of course, we broadcast on Twitch over at twitch.tv slash vog network. That's VOG network, Sunday nights at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Blackwell show. And if you watch us on Twitch, I mean, we are a podcast. But if you watch us on Twitch, you can see some of the fun things in our background sometimes, which includes what is this behind you tonight,
Loki? I don't recognize this and I feel like I should.
You should recognize it. It is a I don't even know if it's out yet. I think we just have a demo out for it. But it it is aptly appropriate that it's dad by the sword.
Oh, okay. It's because little father's day tie in. I see what you're doing there. All right. Well, happy, happy day to you, Loki. Did did the kids do anything to spoil you today, Loki?
No.
Did they behave themselves for a change? That would be a nice treat, wouldn't it?
No, I'm just I'm just teasing.
Happy to you and all of the feline and other animal parents out there. And that I know it's a it's also a really hard day for a lot of people.
Sure.
Myself included.
Sure, of course.
So just if you need to, if you need to stay away from the paternal holiday, you are absolutely welcome to, you know, we understand. So for anyone who is remembering one or, or not, I should say, I hope you have a good Sunday.
Yeah. And always an opportunity for me to say Happy Daddy's Day to all the daddies out there that I know and adore. So just, you know, and that has nothing to do with being a relative. Absolutely not. Let's see. Going to chat over at Twitch-
It involves leather and hair.
What? What? Of which I have neither right now. All right. Going to our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network. Jessica says my kids are animals, so I take both boxes. Well, happy day to you. And DJ Rama S is recommending or not recommending over the counter mucinex. It will knock you on your ass after the second dose. Yeah, I think that's a little stronger than what I need right now. Like I just still have like a lingering sore throat and sinus issues.
Honestly, mucinex is it's just an expectorant. Like, it's guafenecin, basically, which all that is, it's not going to like, make you hurt or make you sleepy unless it's got other stuff in it. It's literal guafenecin.
But there there is like, there's different types like there is for anything. There's certain different types that will absolutely knock you on your butt. But it's like it's that mixed with like NyQuil or something or I always
I always just go get straight up guafenecin if I need it. But if you if you are not coughing anything, you do not need an expectorant.
All right. Let's see. We should move on and get into games. I hope for those of you that are sick out there, I hope you feel better soon, for what it's worth. All right. Let's get to the latest and greatest in gaming news. We had some more press events this week that we want to talk a little bit about the news with. Loki, did you want to talk about this or you want me to do it or what?
Okay, cool. So we have Ubisoft and Capcom. We because we got a lot of news last week, right? Because we had, you know, Xbox, we had summer game pass. So we had a lot of game announcements. I feel like we didn't get as much new stuff out of this as much as we got deeper dives. We did get some new things, though. I'll let Loki handle it from here.
Yeah, some of the stuff we saw at the other events, especially for Xbox, you know, with the whole Star Wars outlaws thing, the reveal there. So we got a little bit of a deeper dive. They started off with
just dance. It's thankfully they kept it to like a very small, minimal showcase of people dancing. Like, does anyone give a crap about that? No, just say, Hey, you know what, it's another new year, we have a new just dance game. Here's some of the songs in it done. We don't need like a song and dance production over there. It's cringe. It's goddamn cringe all the time. Ubisoft get through your head.
I mean, I will say those games do sell or they wouldn't keep making them and they don't give me I get it. It's the over the top presentation. That's ridiculous. Like it's wasted money. Yeah,
like the the moms and kids that buy that game like aren't watching the Ubisoft forward. So nobody needs to see a song and dance to get hyped up about just dance because nobody is hyped up about just dance.
Yeah, show a 32nd commercial you plan to use before a movie or something, you know, like, that's the place where you advertise it.
Right, exactly. So like, I mean, it's fine. Unless you have like something really like unique, like this time is gonna be, you know, we're doing something different. But it's like, this time we have some more songs. It's the same thing again, but whatever. So we had the first look at Avatar frontiers of Pandora. So the first gameplay trailer from that very pretty looking game. I am not fully immersed in the Avatar universe. So it's alright.
But it's coming out this summer.
I was gonna say dark soccer, you were you were kind of into the Avatar stuff for a bit. I don't know if you still are, but I know you were for a bit. Is this something up your alley?
I think so if it's something that expands more on like, I guess the the built in culture of their universe. I have a big love for things like conlangs as in constructed languages. And, and fictional sociology, if that makes sense.
Sure.
So it's, it's stuff like that interests me. If it's anything that actually is as rich of an environment as the movies are, then I'm pretty down for that.
Yeah, I mean,
I just care about the blue people.
Well, yeah, and there's something about Avatar and to be fair, I never did see the sequel. I mean, one of these days, I guess, but there's something about Avatar where at least the first one that the the world and everything about it did seem very, like fleshed out, like for all the budget that movie had, you really feel like, you know, they weren't just making a movie, they were building a world, you know, and that part of that was, you know, actually having linguists coming up with the language kind of as you're talking about, and you know, that there's this whole
backstory. So it actually lends itself evolving. Yeah, and it lends itself very well to a game universe. Although I do recall that original movie had some tie in games that were kind of meh. But
I played one that was on PS3, PS2.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was fun.
Yeah, so but I'm curious what to see what maybe like the next gen and maybe a different developer kind of does for that whole sort of universe. It definitely lends itself well to a video game. But it's, it's very rare that this these days, it feels like that a movie gets a good video game tie in. I'm not gonna say always, but it just seems very rare these days. So I'd be curious for sure. So
looking in chat over twitch.tv slash a vog network, tiger class pointing out if I had Disney Plus, I could watch it actually got rid of Disney Plus, I found I had too many subscription services. So I pared it down. The only one I have right now is Paramount Plus. I don't even have Netflix right now.
I have my Apple TV account and which Rob if you use the OLR account.
Oh, oh, then will that get me? Okay, cool. I'll have to look into that. I'd like to see the Tetris movie. So yeah.
Well, I don't have it there. But I bought Super Mario Brothers and dragons. I've got a bunch of old movies to like Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf and I've got Paris is Burning and, and a few cultural.
Oh, well, we're talking about movies we bought I have clue the movie I bought I bought I bought clue the movie on Apple, whatever, whatever store, like, God probably like 1015 years ago, because I always wanted that movie with me no matter where I go. That was my reasoning behind it.
Actually, coming to look at it, I also have a bunch of scary movies. I have Barbarella, Villain's Headface, the magic music, Birdcage, Battle Royale, lots of good stuff. But I have a lot. This is what I went through my horror movie things. So I've got like the cube movies, you know, Dark City, Dark Water, a bunch of Digimon. Oh, my God.
Dark Soccer, I buy eight men out Dark Soccer, I might need you to take me take me on a movie date because there's a there's a horror movie I want to see. But I don't know if it's something up your alley. I want to see the blackening. And the reason why I want to see that movie is because it looks like it's bringing something back to horror that's sorely been missed for a long time for me. And that's camp. Because just watching the trailer, it looks very, very camp. And that's the stuff that I love in horror movies. So take me on a date Dark
Soccer.
Okay, I mean, apparently everyone is saying it's hilarious.
That's it. I like horror movies that are funny. That's it.
And I like the font.
Yeah. All right. Anyway, where were we? Oh, yes, Avatar. I don't know how we got from Avatar to campy horror movies. But welcome to Orange Songs Radio. Anyway, low key.
All right. So yeah, Avatar is going to basically be like Far Cry. And in the sense that you know, you have to take over outposts and all that fun stuff. So I don't know about radio towers in there yet didn't see those, but it's probably coming. We had a trailer for X defiant, which is coming out later this year. It's their PVP focus FPS game. And they're going to be doing some closed betas. They're going to be happening actually next week. So that's kind of neat.
They said that the release date for the game is going to be coming out later this summer. We got to see more of Prince of Persia The Lost Crown, which looks pretty cool. It's a that 2d action platformer game.
Trying to think of the last time I was hyped for a Prince of Persia game.
Yeah, I mean, it's it's
like, is it 1987? What's going on in here? But yeah, no, it looks great.
Yeah, so that'll be coming out in January on the 18th. And then we had the reveal of Captain Laserhawk a blood dragon remix, which looks like Ubisoft's version of Captain N. But that's being done by I don't remember his name is like Ari something that who did like all those like fan project movies. Like they did I know the violent like Power Rangers thing. But they also were behind the Castlevania animated
series that was on Netflix. So could be cool. It's supposed to be a throwback to 90s anime and stuff. So I mean, I'll check it out. I liked Blood Dragon. Yeah, I wish it was a game, though. But you know, it's fine.
We had Division Resurgence, which is a spin off of the Division and that's coming in the fall. Again, showing Skull and Bones. Like how many years we're gonna see this? Is it ever going to come out? I don't know. And they did like a sea shanty on stage. Once again, we don't need stage productions of stuff, especially when Skull and Bones like when you're initially revealing it. Cool.
When you're revealing it for like the fifth time. Not so much. But there is going to be a closed beta for it coming out in August.
So I did want to go back to a comment that Bobby Blackwell had said about these over the top reveals. He was talking about Just Dance, but I would assume it applies here too. He said the over the top presentation gets press coverage in mainstream media. We criticize the song and dance number years ago for E3, yet it was all over MTV News. That portion of their presentation wasn't for the gaming media, it was for the mainstream media. Like I get the logic there. But I also kind of think what Loki says about when it's like the third or fourth time. Like I do, I absolutely
remember, absolutely remember when Activision did this for DJ Hero. Remember that fucking concert they put on at Staples Center? It was like a bunch of A-listers. There was at least five A-listers that were performing at that event. What Bobby said, absolutely right. That was to get MTV News coverage and things everywhere else.
I just, you know, I think there is, you know, I get where Bobby's comments rooted in, but I think there's something about Loki too, when you're doing it for the 10th time, which, how many years have they done these Just Dance things? I don't know if it's as effective.
There's a new Madden coming out this year? Like, I didn't know. Like, I mean, it would be different if this was like the second game in the series. But they've been putting out games for that for like, ever. It's been out for a long time. So it's just, it doesn't seem like that's something like, oh, yeah, we put on the song and dance. So MTV would pick it up and play it or like some mainstream media.
Like ABC, CBS, it's that type of stuff.
That to demonstrate Just Dance and he'd be like, I've never done this before. Even though like, you know, it's been out for 20 plus years or whatever. Yeah, it's a big waste of time. But whatever, you know, Skull and Bones, they're gonna do a beta in, you know, August. Cool, maybe someday will come out. Maybe someday someone will care about it. But yeah, that's, you can always play Monkey Island, you know, the crossover with with their pirate game. So
what else? We got an announcement. Mario and Rabbids Sparks of Hope getting DLC. I almost forgot that that game even existed. And oh my god, it's Rayman. He's going to be in the game. Cool. Then we had the crew motor fest, which is Ubisoft's I'm going to copy Forza Horizon game.
And last crew game I think did pretty well. Of course, they they kind of gave it away in a lot of those PlayStation Plus type promotions. But I feel like the crew did decently seems like so might have made some money on DLC to
Motorfest is supposed to be taking place in Hawaii. And it's kind of like Forza Horizon in that sense, lots of cars. It's gonna be out September 14. And apparently you also be able to import your car collection from the crew to if you happen to have played that game. So that's kind of neat.
coming out on the meta quest two and three and not the PlayStation VR two. So that's interesting. And that one you it's kind of a spin off of the series, you get to play as Ezio, Cassandra and Connor. And you go through different scenarios with them. So kind of covering those three games. And then of course, they showed that Assassin's Creed codename jade is in closed beta. And they revealed that it's going to be a mobile spin off of
Assassin's Creed. So you can check that out. What else? Oh, Assassin's Creed Mirage. That's going to be the brand new game set in, I believe, like Baghdad. And it follows Basim. And they should like some more gameplay for that and stuff. So, you know, definitely like Arabian Nights vibe there, which looked kind of cool. But to me, I mean, they all look the same.
And then finally, we got gameplay of Star Wars outlaws. And they kind of talked about how that game of play and it looked pretty neat. So yeah, check that one out.
Lots of lots of solid games there. I mean, it's a lot of stuff where I don't know if I their day one purchases for me, but they're things like I feel like I'll pick up down the road to fill in the gaps. Like, you know, I was surprised how much I liked Assassin's Creed Odyssey, honestly. So I in fact, I wish I had more time to go back and play it more thoroughly. There's too damn many games this year. But I'll check out Mirage eventually. I find I like Assassin's Creed games more than I thought I would, or used to, I guess really.
And they did they did show a lot this year. There were some things I was kind of sad that were missing from there. I mean, obviously, Beyond Good and Evil to, you know, we didn't see anything for that. And, you know, the trailer covering the misogyny and misconduct of their employees by ease. Come on, that was missing from the showcase altogether as well. I'm kind of shocked, but you know, still not addressing it, I guess in 2023. That just doesn't happen. Go watch her go play or just dance
game. You know, that one. That's something that they don't want the mainstream media picking up on. But you know, it's fine.
Okay. All right. Well, looking at chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG network, Quest Buster is kind of clarifying about Mirage. It is set in Baghdad during the Islamic Golden Age. So, you know, those, excuse me, Assassin's Creed games often have pretty cool settings to them. And you get a lot of history out of them recently. Like that kind of started not with Odyssey, but the game before it. Origins, I feel like kind of started the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, you know
like, you know, the more like, you know, like, the like, you know, the more like, you know, the more like, the more like, you know, the more like, you know the
originally I was like okay this is gonna be pretty grounded in reality and it's like
what we could also sell all this dlc that has really ridiculous stuff in it i do like money
let's do that all right let's talk about capcom uh capcom was one i actually didn't watch um
but we did have a breakdown of the showcase with that so they showed some more footage
of konnitsugami path of the goddess which looks very colorful and uh interesting so um that's
an action game running in the resident evil engine and we have uh megaman x dive
offline so it's a they said digital bank containing megaman x memories or there is a
digital bank contain megaman x memories as under attack and you have uh over 100 upgradeable
megaman characters to team up with in somehow save people i have no idea what the hell this is
but i like me some megaman x
resident evil 4 vr mode is coming to playstation 5 so they showed off some of that and so it's
going to be a more immersive version of the game and uh we had uh pragmata is uh being showcased
again and has been delayed i guess it's been a few years since we've seen this i didn't i
completely forgot about it but apparently they announced it back in 2020 okay the megaman game
did a little quick research on this this is just an offline version of what was a free to play
mobile game megaman dive uh it's going to be available on steam but it's also ios and android
so it's it's basically a mobile title so you know take that for what it is uh and then yeah there's
you know otherwise it does i mean it is you know kind of the side scrolly megaman you know x type
of gameplay but do keep in mind it was originally mobile for what it's worth um but yeah pragmata
looks cool i just don't know what it is and also don't know when it's coming out now so
i will worry about that closer to whenever its release is uh we have uh ghost trick phantom
detective the remaster getting a demo now so that's going to be out actually at the end of
this month on xbox one playstation 4 switch and pc and the demo i guess is available now so that's
kind of cool if you want to check that out uh paulo justice ace attorney trilogy was announced
uh it's going to be coming out early next year and also on most of the consoles and pc as well
so that's cool collection of the three ace attorney games there um oh yeah that's right
i sort of remember this a while back so capcom town was something i thought it was like they
said it's like a digital theme park i thought it was a website at one time um but it's something
that they still announced and uh talked about a little bit so it's like a thing that includes
a playable classic capcom games oh yeah this was linked in our discord it's really it's it's really
cool like um that you can play like the original mega man and you know rockman or whatever you can
you can play all that stuff which is cool i saw it was at street fighter 6 you can also play
like classic arcade games in there and stuff which is kind of cool because they were showing
i saw a video someone talking about it and like they're playing final fight in street fighter 6
that's pretty rad like i love when they throw in like free stuff like that that's pretty sweet
yeah capcom has usually been pretty good about their back catalog i mean every generation has
had like a capcom classics collection of some sort you know there's our capcom arcade collection on
the current gen which i never did get volume 2 did volume 2 even come out it had to have i think i
never picked it up unfortunately but uh yeah pretty cool um we got uh some more information
on exo primal so it's going to be coming out july 14th and launching on consoles and pc
uh launching game pass day one and of course we saw during the xbox showcase there's the whole
crossover between that and street fighter 6 i'm not sure that's coming right at launch or that's
shortly after um but you know it's an interesting looking game i guess um and then finally uh they
ended with dragons dogma 2 which i know is highly anticipated of course and looks pretty sweet nice
no word on when that is coming out uh let me get to some comments over twitch.tv slash vog network
yyr hello hello says uh about the mega man game it's at least nice that capcom is giving folks
a way to play that mobile mega man game after it shuts down yeah that's a good point you know there
are you know as much as i sometimes you know in mobile games there are some that have really big
followings um you know that would probably appreciate an offline game i think about like
gergalia lost and you know there was that game definitely had its fans and you know
obviously when it shut down that was sad so i i will appreciate capcom uh you know making that
type of forever version of the game available when they plan to shut it down not every developer
does that so um you know props to them uh many people talking about like the classic uh stuff
there um and dr c says the classic stuff in street fighter 6 is in the arcade when you go
online you can sit in a machine to play other people or there's another section elsewhere with
different capcom classic arcades that rotate every so often uh fifth dream says legendary
wings if you do the season pass thing so that's pretty cool i didn't realize that man i just
i have missed street fighter 6 if this was any other year those words would not be leaving my
mouth but it's it's a busy year we're catching up in 2023 from all these uh lockdown era you know
we're we're really getting i think the results of um lockdown production this year um this is very
very interesting to see just a lot of stuff coming in street fighter 6 is one of many uh games that
people very excited uh this summer all right well if that is it for capcom then i think we can take
a break from gaming news and talk a little bit about our gaming weeks because usually at the top
of the show we like to take a minute to ask the question how is your gaming week and talk about
the types of games that we've been playing this week so dark soccer i'll go to you how was your
gaming week it was all right um i played pinball lots of uh black knight and world cup um sort of
rage specifically for black knight um oh and had hiccups apparently um played uh some midnight suns
i played some dead by daylight played cult of the lamb um i'm still in that stupid wordscapes game
i like it it makes my my brain actually have to work for a little bit and otherwise i've been
just playing whatever comes in front of me how are you liking that new killer they released in
dead by daylight this week i haven't played it yet but i um adapted gabriel the first day
um we actually uh hold on sorry we actually um had a nice uh singularity who was just wandering
around apparently i was the chosen one you know what it is when you are the chosen one you live
you live everyone dies yeah and uh so we wandered around together and he shot me with little orbs
and i actually learned something though about the killer um thanks to one of mid skulls videos
where um the boost that he gets for having one of those little globs on people
increases per glob per person so it's oh i didn't know that oh wow it adds another like amount on
there and it's not in any of the official documentation but he tested it i don't know
if it's intended i don't know if it's gonna get patched out but um but otherwise i've also been
getting the legacy uh anniversary items just by logging in so although i forgot to log in yesterday
all right so i've got like the fourth anniversary shirt for claudette and
some other character stuff all right cool and i finally got my own wrecker uh a wraith outfit
nice yeah all right now i'm special we'll go to loki how was your game week um i just played
minecraft because i'm still working on minecraft stuff um i should have a new episode out tonight
or tomorrow morning because i'm editing it right now so it's all done built lots of stuff lots of
things um i did watch uh some of my serve mates playing a game on steam though called one arm
chef that looks pretty funny um it's a cooking game where you basically have to go around and
prepare things but it's one of those ones with like awkward controls that you have to like
pick up stuff carefully with your hand and do things but it looks like a lot of fun and it's
pretty chaotic it's kind of like that uh ready set cook but first person and you know with one arm
okay so i recommend it good party game all right uh fc100 matt says i really thought that mega man
minecraft stuff would be shown at the capcom show but it didn't uh no that's the thing they they
completely have forgotten about the whole contest they've already they've already started another
contest and i i will literally i vow i will bring it up every goddamn month on the 15th every single
month until they address it there you go it's still your discord get them it's just a locked
discord but like it's like well after the time that they would have advertised they already
started a new feature me minecraft like contest thing but now they're like reframing it though so
like before it used to be like oh yeah we're gonna announce winners now it's like oh yeah tag this to
be to have a chance to be featured on our site they don't like say oh we're gonna like do you
know winners it's just like oh we like your thing maybe we'll put it on our website so i don't know
but yeah they're irritating me at the very least like they said they would do it and there were
no entries i'm like okay you know no no worthy entries except for mine where's my shout out give
loki a shout out come on minecraft it's like it's never gonna happen it's too late that windows pass
now they're moving on to what was the new one that they had just uh recently that they did um
like a minecraft thing for it was um it's like some other like not that just the dragons because
they just have that too i don't know there's some other like animated series thing that they made
minecraft stuff where they just move it moved on so quickly so who knows all right all right well
my gaming week um been pretty predictable for most of you out there uh still continuing final fantasy
14 there was some new uh raids that were released uh in the last patch i finally got around to doing
those after shane nagged me enough to do them i was like okay sure i'll do them um and then
i've been playing diablo 4 as well uh continuing my progression there i'm level 54 now and i've
been experiencing some of the different stuff that world tier 3 has like the helltide events
and you know kind of pushing my way through some of the dungeons um so yeah i've been having fun
there i haven't been doing as much multiplayer as i was kind of hoping to do but um because i joined
a clan in the first couple days uh with one of my streamer buddies but um i i kind of get the
sense they've already moved on from diablo so i got to kind of look for maybe another group to join
uh see what to do there but um yeah otherwise uh i am enjoying still diablo 4 and you know there's
something very zen about clicking a bunch and uh you know slaying all those demons from hell it's
a lot of fun i'm playing a tornado druid for those that are curious um i will probably at some point
roll a hardcore character just to kind of say i did it and went through that progression
but with fall fantasy 16 out this week i just don't see that happening until probably season
one is when i'll get around to doing a hardcore run at some point uh speaking of fall fantasy 16
the much anticipated demo came out this week so i actually played that i did that on stream
uh this week and uh it was um it was quite the demo um i had used a comparison
that it was basically like episode one of a series and that's what it really felt like um it was
interesting because you had the two-hour prologue demo which had some combat in it it had like the
first little area in it and the tutorials but it didn't have a lot it was much more story-based but
i get it they were trying to you know set up the story and why things are the way they are and
this very very intricate flashback sequence i don't want to ruin it for those that haven't seen
it yet but it was it was very interesting um it was just basically like a playable episode of a tv
show and then there was a combat demo so after you beat the prologue demo you get like a 30-45
minute combat demo that takes you through a later dungeon in the game where you ultimately go up
against Garuda i mean it's in the demo um and you uh it kind of lets you experience a little
more advanced combat so you can see how the accessory rings can really simplify combat
and literally make it push x to win if that's what you want to play which you know no judgment
play the game you want to play another mode or you can have no assists and you have to dodge
everything manually and do this but i will say weaving in and out the icon ability like being
able to do like i kept saying falcon punch because titan has this giant rock fist that
goes like being able to weave in falcon punch and then like do garuda's claw move that's like a
bunch of rapid hits like being able to weave all that stuff in and out is really satisfying i will
say you know for all the apprehension people have about the action-based combat when the last time
final fantasy had turn-based combat truly was final fantasy 10 some might argue 13 was kind
of turn-based i don't think it was i think it was probably the closest uh we've had to that but um
i the action in 16 way better than 15 because i actually felt like i knew what the hell i was
doing and what was going on whereas in 15 as much as i was fine with 15 and i enjoyed my time with
the game i i did enjoy it enough where i i felt motivated to go through all the dlc but i enjoyed
the time enough of the game i felt like in 16 i was in control even though i was using the assist
to slow down the dodge so the only ring i used was the one where if an attack is incoming
a little ring comes up goes tick tick tick tick tick tick and you have that amount of time to dodge
so it helps you understand the dodge time frames better and it was great that was that was perfect
for me because it made it feel like i was in control but that i wasn't getting overwhelmed
with attacks either that i could i could still dodge attacks so um going to chat comments
sg100 matt says yeah that's got to be the most generous demo when rob streamed it he got three
hours worth of demo yeah because i also played about 45 minutes of theater them that night
and i think my stream was about three hours and 45 minutes uh when i was set and done because um
chrono uh chrono trigger part two music came out last thursday and i just got around to it this
week scar of time is finally available in uh theater rhythm and it's it's exactly everything
you were hoping for because that song is fantastic and our old credit music um is in there as well the
the little um do do two westerly wins or does it yeah far away that's it that that song is in there
as well but the original version not the the remix that was in there um questmaster says the icon
combat took a bit of getting used to for me but by the end of my time with it i was juggling
through the icon abilities to burst the boss down yeah same uh questmaster says your progress in the
demo will also carry over to the full game so there's also that yes and um it's interesting
because again i don't want to spoil too much of the demo for those who haven't seen it yet
but it does seem that point where the demo cuts off is very like definitive like they don't have
to carry over a bunch of data i'll just say it's a flashback so it's not like they have to carry
over a bunch of data into the live game because it's like here's a point where now you can pick
it up and go i think it's going to work a lot better than again 15 but remember 15 had that
movie kingslayer or whatever it was called nobody watched it and it will somebody i'm going to get
that email i watched it you're really ignorant okay i didn't watch it a lot of people i know
that played 15 didn't watch it because you know you put in the game you want to get going you
don't have to want to watch a two-hour prerequisite movie to do it so 16 kind of you know stepped it
up a little bit uh better there so all right um bobby blackwolf watched it of course i knew
somebody would say that i watched it but at least this one had playable sequences in it uh uh for
what it's worth and gave you and i did not even notice this until i saw a tweet about it earlier
but in that first area you play in the demo the little mobs you fight are little goblins
which okay but it's a throwback to the very first final fantasy those little goblins are the mobs
you fight right outside the original town so there's there's interesting tie-ins to the other
final fantasy games because there's a very very overt final fantasy 4 reference early on too
and uh it's but a lot of these things are like blink and you miss it types of things somebody
caught a final fantasy 10 reference that's really deep like it is literally the inflection of a
whistle that's given in the in the demo is mirroring what una does towards the end of
final fantasy 10 and like they did like the side by side and i was like dang those are some deep
ass cuts the other thing i'll say about final fantasy 16 though very clear from the very
beginning from the opening sequences of the game in the first 10 minutes this is an adult final
fantasy game with adult themes four letter words murder blood is all there very early on so the
whole game of chocobos a song of shiva and ifrit all of that appropriate to describe what's going
on in this particular game um that probably isn't going to sit well with some people because even
you know y'all know i don't love violence and i wasn't prepared for watching people get their
throat slit in the game that's that's something that happens and uh what i really was not prepared
for was chocobo violence and i was like okay i was not mentally prepared for that but here we are
so this demo definitely setting up m rating bolded underlined italicized
so there it is for some people they'll be they'll be thrilled to hear it but it's definitely it's
definitely going to be a different mindset for approaching a final fantasy game than some of
the previous final fantasy games i did enjoy it though like i you know as far as like taking the
episode one of a series approach it was definitely one of those things where it was like when it was
done it was like i'm ready to binge the rest you got me let's do it let's do it so but luckily
it's not a six-month wait it's a 10-day wait so they did a lot of things uh very well with
the demo we'll have to check it out i it's probably one i'm gonna have to pick up yeah
i didn't really care for 15 i got so bored at 15 i didn't like the switch up on like the action
combat but it's this has as much in common with 15 as 15 did with 13 like you know they're just
they're all separate and again the adult themes are really going to separate this one for sure
so uh yyr says has there ever been a final fantasy with an mm rating before i don't think so um but
i don't think there's ever been a final fantasy game with a quote that is fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck that is literally one of the lines of dialogue that's in the demo
granted they're running from a giant rock falling from the sky but that was a line in the demo do
you remember when you played are they sharing writers of the saint's row game i mean like it
sounds really bad do you remember it's actually it's it's extremely well acted and all that it's
it's it's but it's just like again you have to be kind of mentally prepared for it and the
demo sets the stage for that but do you remember when you played final fantasy 7 for the very first
time and in the opening intro section of the game uh barrett says shit and it's the first time
there's like a four-letter word that most people had seen in a video game i mean you may have seen
one but yeah okay imagine that like over and over and over again like you're like like because
remember when the first time you saw barrett say shit it was like oh edgy okay that was like the
final fantasy 16 demo was every scene oh oh oh oh there is the best line stitch your ass down in
that chair and drink your goddamn tea a line i still use to this day well you know you spoonie
barred one of the most epic like mistranslations yeah it was you son of a bitch in the original
yeah although that i i not quite what it originally was but yeah saying but it was the
closest translation exactly exactly uh dgrms says so does the final fantasy 16 demo need a fuck
counter uh probably probably it's uh the f word is going to be used very heavily in the game for
sure um i i i still i realize there's still a lot of um you know valid concerns about the diversity
in the game i get it i will say one thing i thought was interesting about the demo and
something you learned about the story and again i'm not going to excuse it but i will say i had a
oh moment with this the demo gets into the fact that there are people that have tattoos that are
like branded by icons or something i don't remember the specifics of it i'll let you play
the demo to find out but those people it's a very classist society and they actually use the term
enslaved to describe those people and so i was like okay there's an optic thing here that they
wanted to avoid i think there's still ways they could have got around it but there was a part of
me that was like i you know when i kind of heard that and i saw that i was like ah okay well i i
see what they were trying to avoid for better or for worse uh with some really bad optics in the
game um so again i'd like to kind of experience the whole game to sort of put my head together
on all that wrap my head around it um but that would i would just say that was something that
when it was revealed in the game that that was like a subplot basically i was like oh interesting
um uh also uh bobby also brings up a very interesting point and i've never heard this
before the final fantasy game and this is very interesting apparently when japanese folks played
the demo there was a complaint the lips don't sync up with the vocals which is interesting
because that's a complaint we've had for a long time the response from the developers the japanese
developers was the game was designed for english as the as basically the primary language so now
japanese players are experiencing what we've had forever with final fantasy games so
i i guess this whole european they're they're they are tying themselves to that that mountain
for what it's worth um so again i'd like to see the rest of the artistic choices in the game
um i hear you know again i'm trying to avoid spoilers but i hear the adult themes and some
dark adult themes don't stop with what's just seen in the demo and that's about all i'm gonna say
uh i'm curious to see i mean there's a lot of tv shows there's a lot of movies i watch that
have some very dark adult themes um i'm curious to see where it goes but um until i have a chance
to play the game start to finish we'll see we'll see um yeah bobby blackwolf says they even said
that the script was written in english first and then translated to japanese yeah and mike deft
points out they killed chocobos in the demo they absolutely do and it was one of those things where
i i wasn't prepared for that because again it's like the golden rule you don't kill a chocobo
right and it's it's one of those things where like in movies i'm like you know i don't love violence
but i don't particularly care if people get killed left and right and all this stuff i i get used to
it but the minute they show a cat in distressed i'm rolling up my sleeves ready to fight
yeah that's when i was watching uh the the autopsy of jane doe i was like no no and it's probably why
to this day drag me to hell is one of my least favorite movies ever yeah or stranger things
season three as much as i appreciate that shows strangers things there was that scene and i was
like oh oh no no no no the scene in shape of water that one didn't get me either yeah anyway
all right it was very quick and off camera so so that game is out god what thursday it's out very
soon it's 22nd so i'm not getting it digital i did end up getting a retail version of it
so i have to go run at lunch time to best buy and pick it up because i don't trust
a delivery service to deliver it on time so i decided i would just go pick it up at a mass
retailer at noon so i can go do it on my time uh and then i'll be ready to play after work so
that's between diablo 4 and final fantasy 16 that's going to be my next 30 days of gaming at
least so if you think loki talking about minecraft is a lot just wait just wait for me in these two
games all right moving on let's get into some gaming news and other things going on throughout
the industry this week so loki yeah so we've got news that the ftc is going to be temporarily
stopping or pausing i guess the merger of activision blizzard and microsoft so apparently
they are right now currently temporarily blocking the merger it was supposed to they're trying to
get it wrapped up in two weeks but now this new restraining order requested by the ftc would
prevent microsoft from closing that deal within the next two weeks and then there's an injunction
that would block the deal until ftc's legal challenge is completely resolved um and this
is also kind of um right now they said that the federal judge overseeing the case has
temporarily blocked the deal and now microsoft has until june 16th uh so that's already passed
to make its case uh while regulators have until june 20th to respond and a hearing will take
place on june 22nd and with microsoft prohibited from closing the the acquisition of activision
blizzard until at least five days after that ruling is issued so i guess we'll hear some
more news here in the next couple weeks yeah um you know obviously i had wanted to see this go
through it's interesting because activision is kind of like they were definitely prepared for
it and they're kind of all take or microsoft they're all kind of taking the approach of well
at least this gets this gets this hurt in court faster and we'll get to get through this and you
know figure out where we stand and so i'm kind of like you know what i can appreciate that approach
let's let's instead of this thing going on for years and years and years let's just figure are
you gonna let it happen or not let's get the answers sooner rather than later and if you're
not gonna let it happen let's get that why out there on the table so that we can all you know
be irritated with it or understand it or whatever happens with this and how they let
like these giant companies like warner brothers buy each other but this isn't gonna go through
like that's a little weird i know i again i and i've said this time and time again on the score
on the show i'll say it one more time i'm not a fan of the big fish consistently eating the
other big fish in this industry however in this particular circumstance i will take anything that
gets bobby kotak out of power um and i don't love that he's getting a settlement or he'll get money
at the end of the day unfortunately he's going to get that no matter what happens because that's the
fucked up world we live in so as long as his say as long as his word no longer means anything
in gaming that's what i want to happen most of all and that's why i support this merger that's
the end of that's it like i don't even need to consider any other fact other than that it takes
bobby kotak out of power and out of this industry that needs to happen yesterday therefore i support
the merger that's it yeah all right i would like for him to be never hired for anything again oh
i god yes i would like him to retire to a desert island and fade into obscurity and the back pages
of history books and that's on how not to run a business but that's you know wishful thinking
he'll end up on the board somewhere that would be great too all right let's talk about some twitch
drama that happened this week oh you know you know what live streaming culture it's a big part of
gaming culture and as we're going to talk about with the second half of this you know some of the
money that's involved is pro sports level uh so let's talk about the first half of this first
it has to do with the new program that twitch rolled out this week called the partner plus
program it would allow certain channels to get a 70 30 split on subs but as people were starting
to crunch the numbers they realized this is kind of open to a much smaller group of folks
than it really seems like because to be eligible for partner plus you have to maintain at least 350
recurring paid subscriptions gifted and prime ones do not count
on paper before you all jump down my throat i want to say i understand where twitch got this
from because it's that key word recurring because that is how a lot of these companies not just
twitch but your local gym your local subscription service that you forgot to cancel that's how all
of these pocket your money is through these recurring subscriptions so from that end i
understand why they're differentiating it from gifted subs and the other stuff
but as somebody who is a content creator and supports my friends who also content creators
you almost make way more money off gifted subs and these other things than you do recurring
subscriptions so this is a very high bar to me that's very just very deceptive you get only do
oh i've gifted oh you make more money off gifted subs and that stuff well i mean and really the
only time i see gifted subs is if i'm doing a subathon i mean i have some i have some recurring
yeah but um but like if i have a subathon then then yeah it's gonna way outweigh you know see
typically the only way that i get actually i'll take that back right now on average i get more
from my regular subscribers and i i thank every one of you and could use more um but but i'll get
this like even if i'm not doing a subathon or something i'll get this big patch of donations
which i i love too and that will end up being as much if not more during those bursts of donations
um the reoccurring subs though are are the constant you know the ones you can depend on
yeah so they were saying well i was gonna say too with that um that one of the content creators i
follow from twitch paladin amber made some comments regarding this whole deal anyway she's really
funny i like her yeah saying she's all this she's all fuck it this was a secret deal that they
offered other streamers if you hit this quota for three months you got the deal indefinitely now
they've added a cap to that time period of 12 months meaning that every year you have to hit
this economically unless you're sitting at around thousand viewers or more this is so unattainable
right now based off of the individual and reoccurring subs not gifted not prime people
cannot afford to sub people are canceling their subs due to financial reasons and this doesn't help
so yeah it's ridiculous well and you know what twitch also is something that they're doing that
isn't particularly helping but they're starting to amp up their promo of twitch turbo which again
i understand twitch is a business that wants to make money there but these twitch turbo if you
buy this you remove ads from the entire platform and that's fine and good but that's usually the
biggest reason to sub to a channel too so twitch is putting out a product that's effectively
competing with their content creators so that alone is a little bit kind of you know wacky
so i just i think there's just kind of like this general attitude of like stop putting out these
things with all of these rules and restrictions and so forth just make it across the board
make it consistent make it fair you know even if it's only like 55 45 at least it's something
you know or what have you it's a bump up i think i'm not sure who they're trying to placate with
this because it's more people finding out how they don't fit into this and for all the promotional
push they were doing with this all it left it left the vast majority of twitch content producers
feeling i don't fit into this in one way or another i'm an affiliate it doesn't matter
i don't i make most my income off gifted subs it doesn't matter or someone like so basically twitch
did this big announcement for people to realize wow i'm not getting this and then on top of that
every repost i saw was people saying this isn't for me yeah right and on top of that you have
large creators that are getting these large money deals from kick whether that's a good platform or
not it's i guess headed up by crypto gambling bros so who knows well since you brought it up
let's talk about that end of things real quick here let's talk about that so we can talk about
the big picture here and that is of course one of the prolific twitch content creators xqc
has signed a 100 million dollar deal to start streaming on kick interesting things about this
agreement it's technically not exclusive um and so he's still allowed to produce for other platforms
including twitch if he really wanted to um and uh it's 70 million over two years but there are
incentives that would push this that's where the 100 million actually comes from but still
i think many of us are sitting here going god if i made one million off of playing video games on
the internet that would change my fucking life so xqc making a hundred million seventy million
however you want to slice it with this deal is a pretty big deal but then it also causes people to
kind of look at but what is kick anyway you know and so we've been talking for a long time about
twitch really needs somebody to compete with it and yes youtube does but there's always this
weird distinction where like youtube's live stuff is not as strong as twitch is sorry i just even
as a participant and i know people that have moved from twitch to youtube and i just i enjoy the live
experience on twitch better but the on-demand experience on youtube far better than twitch
which i'll never understand why twitch literally walked away from the on-demand thing but that's
i digress so to me those platforms are very different kick is really trying to clone twitch
but what's backing kick uh the ceo and co-founder ed craven is also the co-founder of steak.com
it is an online crypto casino uh from curaao so uh it's it's a lot of crypto it's a lot of gambling
in fact if you don't believe me here i am i'm i'm gonna i'm having a fuck it we'll do it live moment
i don't know what i'm about to see but i'm doing it i went to the kick site right now look at that
i'm showing kick on twitch i hope i don't get busted but i'm doing it for the purposes of
commentary and i just want to show look at this top three streams right now this one in the third
slot slots and casino the ones being recommended to me over here two out of the five slots and
casino second highest category slots and casino third highest category pools hot tubs and bikinis
to put it in perspective you have 77 000 just chatting plus another 12 000 we'll say 19 000
we're going to generously say 100 000 people on kick not watching video games the highest
video game content on kick right now call of duty war zone 5 000 viewers
there's something there there's a certain air of if something is too good to be true it probably is
about kick that i can't shake now look cue cue somebody playing this clip to haunt me in 10
years when you know i've decided to start a kick channel or whatever you know but as of today
kick really feels like something where there's not an adult in the room i i'm just that is
honestly my impression of kick i mean what their their point is and then of course there's so much
room for abuse yeah well then you have like adan ross is also part owner backing they have him on
there which he's trash and then um was the amaranth apparently got a deal with them now yes yeah
um i mean there's certainly the audience that they're going for it's like kind of like the
the wild west version of twitch but we'll see how that pans out like it's it may work now that
they're small but you know once it blows up or if it gets any bigger like i i don't know it's
gonna be hard to be a legitimate platform but twitch is certainly making competition easier
right now because of their all their bad deals that they're making so yeah but this is gonna
this is gonna force twitch to you know step it up so to speak um so it'll be it'll be interesting
to see the ripple effect this has so for that and i'm i'm i guess grateful to kick for putting out
things out there that i really do think a 95 5 split i i again if something sounds too good
to be true it probably is and this whole thing just reeks of something's something doesn't add
up so the math's not mathing maybe it'll be maybe it'll be fine today maybe it'll be fine for a year
but i don't know when i think i would like to see a twitch competitor i think of beam mixer that i
i you know rip mixer to be quite honest i still to this day don't understand why i do understand why
microsoft pulled the plug i wish they hadn't i really wish that i wish they hadn't bought
them in the first place to be quite honest but i digress i see them uh that's why i see xqc taking
a deal like this because he's like yeah they may go under cool you know whatever i get paid though
so you know that's fine yeah he's probably looking at what happened to ninja yeah but anyway why are
these people why are these people so goddamn famous like i i know i'm like i i'm sorry to
sound like okay boomer but i it's a serious question like i hasn't this guy kind of put his
foot in his mouth quite a bit i guess that's what people like about him i don't know sometimes
controversial people are famous i guess for whatever reason it's weird to to do the classic
quote of justification he says what he means oh boy uh okay lots of content yeah no i get it
there's a lot of folks in chat lighting up about this uh lots of strong feelings on kick there
let's see uh comments dj rama s says kick is basically the man show as a streaming site
oh that's funny honestly i feel like they would print that on the back of the box
dj rama says kick is also full of right-wing people too tiger claw says i heard kick is
all about free speech bobby blackwolf says kick is free speech absolutionists sjo another matt
says tell me you're not run by dude bros without saying you're run by dude bros yyr says i heard
that kick basically has no moderation like it's the equivalent of what muskrat is trying to turn
twitter into they say it's free speech except it winds up just being a hellhole well the thing is
is that a lot of those people will say will claim free speech when they what they mean is hate
speech so so i i it's it's gonna take some very different type of signings to get me interested
into in kick i'll just say that so um but i guess have fun and thanks for maybe making twitch sweat
a little bit um because the competition is healthy at the end of the day but um there's
really nothing on that platform at this time i'm interested in viewing and that's that i mean if my
mind changes my mind changes maybe they bring somebody in from the outside who maybe they bring
an adult maybe they decide you know what we need an adult to clean this up and if they do it then
maybe it'll change so i don't want to own these words forever but as of today no thanks i got
better things to do um i i honestly though think that one thing that uh that twitch really needs
to do though is pay attention to to what their users are saying you know they're it's not wise
what they're doing it's going to be poor business in the long run right so all right all right um
let's uh move on to our next story before i get to that actually dark soccer i wanted to
because yyr is in chat and we do appreciate yyr we we we like him an awful lot and appreciate
him being here and as we know yyr is also a hard-working indie game developer um just like
loki uh and uh yyr made a game a couple years ago that we absolutely loved called super multitasking
and he was giving us a little update on super multitasking in chat and i just wanted to share
he's finishing up the new single player mode called gauntlet rather than slowly build up
and then kick you out after one mistake gauntlet consists of five 30 second rounds that are intense
throughout and if you make mistakes you get to keep going so it sounds like a very kind of
different mode to play in that particular game there so again if you haven't checked out super
multitasking it's like worry aware but like even even harder to juggle so uh check it out it's a
lot of fun and very addicting available on steam and i believe itch.io um if i'm wrong on that i
will be corrected shortly in chat uh but steam for sure so all right uh let's move on i'm gonna
take a quick afk uh real quick but uh dark soccer if you'd like to tell us about what we have to
look forward to yeah sure so um there is a new little kind of new visit in town it is the nintendo
summer of play tour so um we are going to be seeing them going to some major cities um from
june 15th to august 28th so they're gonna go around and let us see uh some switch games
through different activities there's a going to be a mario kart 8 deluxe booster course pass
uh dlc for mario kart 8 um there's going to be a photo op thing with tom nook and isabel
for animal crossing um you can pose with uh pikmin um take snapshots with uh pokemon um
walk around with link in uh hyrule while also playing you know tears of the kingdom
because it's the game and that's what you do um there's also going to be some things like
for kirby's return to dreamland deluxe super smash brothers ultimate um and you know some
other stuff and you can also uh earn uh if you uh check in with the event you will get a free gift
and 100 my nintendo platinum points at my dot nintendo dot com um also um uh if you uh do the
the tour home thing you can also uh get a game stop coupon that gives you ten dollars off a
purchase of 75 or more nintendo stuffs so it kicks off in minneapolis the mall of america
uh on the 15th uh detroit on june 22nd at great lakes crossing outlets
uh new york at meat packing district pop-up uh on the 29th to uh july 2nd
knoxville at west town mall july 7th july 10th orlando july 20th through 23rd that's the florida
mall uh austin texas martin creek square uh july 28th through july 31st uh denver at flat iron
crossing august 17th through august 20th and in la at santa monica place um august 25th through
august 28th and they're going to be adding another city to the tour so you can keep checking out the
site um and of course there's the nintendo live 2023 uh happening in seattle from september 1st
through september 4th and um it will be inspired by games worlds and characters of nintendo and
nintendo switch and have some gameplay some live performances tournaments for different skill
levels and you can register for uh free tickets um at going to nintendo.com slash nintendo dash live
i forgot about that nintendo world event that's going to be interesting yeah
do we have to wait until then to hear what's coming out for the holiday i feel like we might
it's very interesting how nintendo does that these days so
all right and i don't think i i sat down while you were reading the dates but i don't think i
heard a single one of those near us i think the closest one you said was la all right well maybe
they'll add you know san francisco or something in the bay san jose or something at some point
but all right until then uh loki what do you have for us uh yeah we have the uh announcement that
announcement that basically microsoft is no longer developing for the xbox one console
because you may remember that a lot of the games that they've been developing
have been backwards compatible with the xbox one in the sense that you could buy
for one system and it will play on the series s x or the one well now to be able to create
higher fidelity games and all of that stuff now they're not going to be focusing on the
xbox one and the games coming out will technically be playable on um the x and s however they said
games are technically playable on the xbox one via streaming so you'll be able to do it like
digitally i guess that way or through um xcloud but they won't natively run on the system which
i mean it makes sense i mean like god like how long can they really support that system how long
i mean it's been a long time since that's been out so yeah they weren't gonna i mean this is
a long time for them to have supported the previous generation so it's not completely
surprising technically being supported it's just like hey okay this comes this little console can't
run these games anymore and you know to make it a little bit easier on developers and having to
like run it for like support such a wide variety of you know specs it's just now you will do it
through streaming instead well yeah and the cloud gaming thing is an interesting little twist with
this because we knew that you know microsoft was really going this direction and so you know they
want any microsoft device to be able to hook up to streaming and play games can't even the xbox 360
do streaming i thought it could i thought they put a player out on 360 i could be wrong but you know
you shouldn't you shouldn't need a very complicated device to do the streaming end of things but what
you need is internet bandwidth and that whole thing you know and that's still going to be an
issue for some people although you know it depends on what resolution you're streaming at you know if
you're only streaming it like you know regular 720 hd type are you know very it might not be uh quite
as much of a hog on your bandwidth as you think um but you know that's one of those things that
will probably have to be addressed as more and more stuff goes through the cloud okay
thanks yyr clarifies in our chat 360 cannot do game streaming i thought that was something they
were gonna they were trying to do at one point um was to you know try to put streaming on as
many devices as possible which would be smart but it is what it is uh and yrs says it's been
10 years i'll have that built in well they're trying to put it in more TVs so you know that's
that's where microsoft wants to go they're putting a lot in the cloud you know that's what got them
in trouble with the merger over overseas it's too much in the cloud so but then but then interesting
didn't we get the news on another note it's not in our show world but didn't we get the news
that like sony said that they're exploring cloud stuff more for their first party games and this
or like more releases that come out they're exploring the cloud gaming with so it's like
they waited for this ruling to come in before saying that this is very strange yeah i mean
i don't know it yeah wow yyr points out that netflix disney plus and other apps for 360
were all discontinued well rest in peace xbox 360 i guess i mean i get it i just i feel like
you know what it's it's like um stadia on a chromebook you know rip but that was the big
selling angle was that you can play this thing on a relatively weak device i would have thought
they'd include the 360 in that but i guess maybe it's too old push that too like because they have
now um minecraft runs on a chromebook type thing yeah um yeah i mean i still think a chromebook
could probably do like game streaming as well but who wants to just buy a chromebook like
unless you're like what's something you give to a kid or you know student or something like that
you know i would waste the money i'd buy it i don't know i mean i have i bought my kids gaming
laptops because if they're gonna have a laptop i'm not buying them a piece of garbage laptop
that can't do anything so yeah all right well you know what you don't need a very good system to
play this next game and this is definitely from the school of wtf lol bbq uh this is a new game
boy color game that has been released we can't make games for the xbox one but we can make them
for the game boy color and this is a mcdonald's based game this is mcdonald's very blunt and very
uh transparent attempt to do as much viral marketing as possible for bringing back grimace
from the mcdonaldland gang um as they're celebrating grimace's birthday uh celebration
i think there's a new shake or something like that i don't know but uh they actually doesn't
make you grimace there it is literally a purple shake um i don't know if i don't know what flavor
it is i assume grape what other purple flavors are there i i don't know so that sounds really
awful somebody in chat will have to tell me because when i go to mcdonald's and order a
drink i usually get the coffee because it's actually not bad but it's because they do it
dunkin donut style where it's like half half creamer but anyway um grimace's birthday is a
game that they have developed for the game boy color it was developed by cruel toys that's krool
and you can actually play this on a browser if you want over at grimace's birthday.com i cannot
believe i just gave mcdonald's free advertising here on the show but hey it is what it is they
did this type of thing to get this type of coverage right uh so anyway uh some people
have actually gone into the site and pulled the rom out and it will actually run on actual hardware
if you use an everdrive or something like that to actually play the game i kind of wonder if maybe
this game was developed at one point and then stopped and now they picked it up again i don't
know but maybe not it was developed by cruel toys is the company that developed it so it was
developed by somebody yeah i thought maybe maybe back in the day there was a game boy game that
started and then didn't finish but i guess i guess it's nothing nice like that so yeah king k rule
uh pod culture says mixed berry i don't know if that was the grimace shake flavor or if it's
another purple flavor yeah but either would work it's vanilla and berry or whatever you know now i
feel real bad that i didn't like try to cash in on some sort of like fast food uh tie-in with my game
i mean i got probably uh teamed up with chipotle i mean it makes you shit so i guess you know that
would have worked but oh well you know too late now honestly it would have worked with um
mcdonald's as well yeah any fast food i'm still open for negotiation any fast food company out
there i will sell cheap you should hit up arby's they're very edgy on social media
absolutely your game would work although you're gonna owe yyr some profits off that i hope you
know that's fine and to be honest i think dark soccer also had some of the idea concept with
that so you're buying us all some uh happy meals yeah yum all right yeah
dj rama s in chat says you must defeat the hamburglar to stand a chance that was the
thing i was saying what's up with the mcdonaldland reboot like i remember when the whole thing on
social media and this was not that long ago this was maybe like seven years ago the whole thing
was oh no the hamburglar's hot do you remember this they like recast the hamburger like seven
years ago and like he was fucking hot well why are they even bringing back grimace when i thought
they got rid of ronald mcdonald's so what the hell is like none of the universe makes any sense
anymore it's like well he's too ronald mcdonald's too creepy giant purple thing not so creepy let's
do a birthday game for that okay wait i have to show this sorry it's uh how do we get other
screen here there it is uh this was from 2015 so this was this was about eight years ago there it
is the hamburglar as cbc news says a strangely attractive suburban dad where was that guy's game
i mean just asking i is certainly more attractive than the other hamburglar so i'm gonna say that
if if we're going to put the you know the characters of mcdonald's on a fuckability list
that hamburglar probably pretty high on the list yeah uh right up there with uh what's birdie
that's a child jokes people jokes all right anyway um let's see uh what is it pirate poundtown says
i suddenly want to buy a mcdonald's so it worked i guess it did sure did uh deejiram says two words
colonel sanders yeah uh i remember when reeba mackintosh played colonel sanders that was the
best one right there so anyway i remember when we had colonel colonel sanders near me
like they're all closed now i fucking forgot i gotta go to kfc to get the diablo food
i want my bird staff or whatever it's called in the game
bird staff all right it's it's all like the foul presence it's all these fucking puns on the kfc
menu it's it's ridiculous anyway let's see uh deejiram s and chat says my brother in christ you
should see the fan art of the fast food restaurant mascots excuse me you will clutch your pearls
where am i going to see it because they all they all protested on reddit so i i thought that's
where all the the the shocking shit on the internet was was on reddit i don't know twitter
all right anyway uh let's move on uh more news to make you grimace uh dar sakra
so um for fans of the soul caliber franchise uh soul caliber 5 will be delisted uh for uh
playstation 3 and xbox 360 um i mean it is kind of old um but uh after june 19th so for us in the
us tomorrow the game and its dlc will no longer be available for purchase so oops um and i made
a mistake because i was watching the trailer again and i accidentally paused on valdo's butt crack
and i'm traumatized now um i mean it was a really it was a really good game so caliber
six though was better yeah but it really did kind of drag it back to where they wanted the franchise
five for me was one of the weaker entries in the series but you know i was more surprised with the
whole like why is it getting delisted and the only thing i think of was it has must have to
do with the ezio the guest character in five and maybe some type of license but it's not it's more
like 11 years at this point not 10 so i was trying to figure out like what is it that they lost in
that game it has to be the ezio licensing or something um why they're having to delist it
but if you know what used copies of that game about to go up in value because now you can't
get a digital so there is that if you have a uh a disc copy of soul caliber five you know hang on
to it because that's the only way you're gonna be able to play it now because they can't take the
disc from you but they can pull it for the digital storefronts so yeah i think i've got one like
laying around somewhere i know i feel i'm like i have one in my giant stack of like playstation
three games somewhere because it was a p wasn't that a ps3 game that was a ps3 game not even four
right yeah yeah yeah that's what i said yeah it all blurs together sometimes all right uh moving
on uh loki yeah so the embracer group now is going they've announced that they're going through
a restructure and layoffs as well as studier closures are coming uh this is i think from a
two billion dollar acquisition deal that went through they were supposed to be purchasing
something and um well it didn't work out so uh they said embracer currently engages close to
17 000 people and while that number will be lower by the end of the year that's a fun way of saying
you're a layoff people it's truly too early to give an exact forecast on this um because the
reality is the quicker we act the sooner we'll merge as a stronger company i'm not sure which
studios are looking to sell off uh volition um are you saying that the heist and the hazardous
didn't bring you out of like out of the red into the black or whatever um like i thought for sure
that would turn that game around that awful piece of crap game around but yeah um you know this was
a company that like they kept making acquisitions and i don't think they were necessarily on strong
ip but we'll have to see what they're going to do it says the actions will include but not limited
to closing or divestments of some studios and termination or pausing of some ongoing game
development projects yeah cut your losses while you can't say it's real well i just i feel bad
for the people whose jobs are affected you know from this big fish getting too big it does suck
yeah it says we'll also decrease spending on non-development costs such as overhead and other
operating expenses we will reduce the third-party publishing and put greater focus on internal ip
and increase external funding of large budget games i did i did notice the tomb raider team
went out of their way to come out and say we're not affected by it well duh yeah i mean out of
like you know out of the the different studios i mean i guess gearbox entertainment's pretty big
um but you know out of those i think crystal dynamics yeah it's pretty solid like their games
make money well they did do the avengers which wasn't so well received but i don't think that
was their fault it was good that's that that's the more screen that was that was definitely
a business decision that was that was decisions that were forced into that game that made it bad
i don't think that was crystal d's fault i think that was executive pressure fault yeah
all right well hope it we'll have to figure out what happens uh we'll get some more details i'm
assuming once layouts start happening i mean because people aren't going to be quiet about it
yeah but that's that's still really sad so hope everybody lands on their feet soon or we see some
really strong indie games and new studios formed as a result as sometimes happens with these
stories all right uh let's talk about some rumors that are going around but we're actually going to
shut them down and this is the deal uh there's a rumor going around that illumination universal
and nintendo are about to sign on a legend of zelda film deal which would make a lot of sense
considering how much fucking money the mario movie made like obviously you know people are thinking
about what other nintendo you know animated movies can they make which of course led to
the whole discussion about would zelda be an animated movie i wanted an acted movie i wanted
this i wanted that uh but basically uh they've they've come up to say like shut the fuck up and
this is cut this uh shut the fuck up is coming from super i'm paraphrasing but super mario
brothers movie producer chris meladandri uh said shut the fuck up no he said i don't know where
that came from about the zelda rumor i mean i can i can understand how people would surmise all
sorts of things because obviously we've had a great experience working together my relationship
with nintendo now includes being on their board of directors so i understand how people can surmise
these things but in terms of the specifics that was just something i've been hearing lots of
reports this is just about what's next between nintendo and illumination shut the fuck up
anyway you don't you don't want a zelda movie right now anyway because chris pratt would end
up voicing link and none of us want that so um i i feel like what comes next from the mario movie
which i still haven't seen you're not missing a lot i have it i know i need to i need to watch
it some i just i'm lazy it's one of those you know what maybe i'll just wait at this point and uh when
i come to visit bobby in july since by the way i will be at southern fried gaming expo at the
end of july in atlanta i'll i'll watch the mario movie at black wolf manor it'll be it'll be uh
it'll be a fun time so besides dark soccer you're taking me on a different movie date remember
all right why why can't there be more than one that's true why not both why not both all right
um we'll we'll see what develop i was gonna say with the mario movie uh donkey kong you know
things in that universe a sequel things in that universe seem a little more you know like what's
probably coming next and not just you know the legend of zelda but uh we'll see uh sj100 matt
says illumination verse where the movies all tie together for a smash brothers movie that's the
thing that's the thing that so many people on the internet what want do you know how long it would
take us to get to a fucking smash brothers movie do you know how long it would take us to get there
it passes i guess again an avengers movie yeah a while a while all right well you know what
let's this is a great opportunity for us to go to this next segment and talk about you know
some of these things that we might get to discover a little more of in the smash brothers universe
let's roll the bumper
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where i'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week all right dark soccer
what did you pick for us tonight i picked mario brothers not super not donkey kong
i picked mario brothers we are going to basics great pick one of my all-time favorites
so um it came out in 1983 so it's old
like us i mean well no we're not old we're vintage
yeah anyway um it came out in 1983 so 40 years ago um it was developed and published for
arcades by nintendo designed by miyamoto and the uh late yokoi gunpei um and it uh basically
just had two twin brothers they are twins originally mario and luigi who are exterminating
creatures that come from the sewers by knocking them upside down and kicking them away um the
first uh the version for the famicom slash nintendo entertainment system was the first
game produced by intelligent systems and it is definitely considered a part of the mario
franchise but originally began as a spin-off from the donkey kong series
at any rate um there is an updated version of it as a mini game in super mario
in super mario advanced series and other games and it's been re-released through various methods
before um so basically they jump you know knock these uh little creatures underneath or hit a
pow block in the center the origin of the pow block um they are a wraparound so you can run
off screen and come out the other side um and you knock the creatures upside down while avoiding
other creatures and uh and other obstacles like fireballs and whatnot and then you kick them off
the screen um but when you are out of lives you are your game's over um and you get extra points
by doing consecutive knockovers you know and you have all kinds of different enemies four
there are four of them there is the shell creeper which um is what evolved into the uh the koopa
trooper or as they are known in japan noko noko um but yeah that was the origin of them there's
the side stepper which requires two hits the fighter fly which moves by jumping and it can
only be flipped when it touches a platform and the slight slice piece however it's pronounced
that um turns the platforms into ice and it's slippery um it will disappear immediately instead
of flipping over and so it doesn't count towards your score um ice platforms will return to normal
at the start of each phase and then there's the fifth one the fireballs and
yeah you can't do shit to them um green ones are faster but disappear quicker the red ones
bounce around and don't disappear until they're hit from below so you can't really get points
out of them either um like i already mentioned the pal block um and it always fills itself at the
start of each bonus round so um it's the the game was actually suggested by yokoi uh to miyamoto
that mario should be able to fall from any height but miyamoto thought it's not much of a game
but they thought maybe he could have some superhuman abilities and they designed a
prototype that had mario jumping and bouncing around and then the uh enemies were introduced
again by yokoi um and you know had multiple floors set up and it really just uh evolved from there
and um because of mario's appearance in donkey kong they had overalls a hat and a mustache thick
mustache they decided to make him a plumber but he was almost a carpenter
so um and so they designed the game around the the plumber aspect um at any rate um there there's
a story about how mario became uh went from jumpman to to mario is that um a landlord named
mario's sick i'm not gonna pronounce right segale segale um had uh come in um and a nintendo of
america daft meeting to demand rent and they named jumpman after him that that's a story going around
i mean so at any rate this also introduced louis g who was created for the multiplayer mode as a
palette swap of mario so uh the two-player mode was also inspired a little bit by joust and um
by now mario brothers has been released for more than a dozen platforms um and they used the first
movement from Mozart's uh eine kleine Nachtmusik um at the start of the game and uh the song has
been used in other games like uh ddr mario mix and super smash brothers brawl um at any rate uh
there are some conflicting release dates even though the official date was in 83
um game machine magazine stated that it made its north american debut at the amoa show
march 25th through 27th and entered mass production in japan on june 21st um and then
there's these other different you know uh accounts of it but iwata in uh in an intended director in
2013 uh gave the presentation stating that the game was first released in japan on july 14th 1983
um it was labeled originally as the third game of the donkey kong series but uh
the uh over uh but you know we all know now that was actually more the beginning of the mario
series and there was a donkey kong 3 um but also um as far as the conversions nintendo held all
the rights in japan but the overseas licensing was given to atari um now the ports lots of them
many of them um there's the atari 2600 5200 atari 8-bit family atari 7800 answered cpc and zx
spectrum commodore 64 had two versions an atari soft port that did not get a commercial release
in the 1986 version by ocean software the atari 8-bit uh conversion was by sculptured software
and it's the only home port that has falling icicles there is an apple 2 version that was
never commercially released but it but copies exist um the nes one was released in north america
on july 23 1986 sorry that was the uh the family uh no that was the one never mind there was a
later nes port that was exclusive in europe in 93 called mario brothers classic series
um it was on virtual console it uh for we 3ds and we you um super mario brother uh sorry mario
brothers was also released in september 2017 for switch as part of the arcade archives series the
nest version was a launch title for nintendo switch online um it's been included in bonus stages for
super mario brothers 3 um in super mario advance mario elegy superstar saga there's a nest version
of it in animal crossing for gamecube aka animal crossing e plus um also uh you needed uh an e
reader to do the animal crossing e card version um there's also in 20 2004 there is a namco arcade
cabinet that contained donkey kong donkey kong jr mario brothers um although mario brothers was
altered for a vertical screen that was used by the other games um and it is cropped on the side
letterbox that way um it was a modest success when it originally came out 2000 cabinets sold in the
us by july 1983 and then it went on to be a lot more successful than that um game machine listed
mario brothers on their july uh 15th 93 issue as being the third most successful new table arcade
unit of the month uh nintendo uh sold 3800 mario brothers arcade cabinets in the us
and they are now considered mildly rare and hard to find um and even though it was released during
the video game crash of 83 the game did pretty well it wasn't affected by that um it's been
i'd say moderately well rated you know the 80 and higher um all across the board and and
it's had some legacy versions so the legacy versions are um you know kind of related versions
i should say is kite kita mario brothers that came out for famicom disc with uh added features and
uh revisions to the gameplay it had cutscenes and advertisements because it was sponsored
by a food company called uh nagatani um and it was only available as a disc writer promotion
84 hudson soft made two different games based on um mario brothers there's mario brothers special
that was a uh it had new phases and different gameplay and there was punch ball mario brothers
had a new gameplay mechanic as in punching small balls to stun enemies both of these were related
for the nec pc 8801 the fm7 and the sharp x1 mario clash came out on the virtual boy talk about
your fucking migraine games okay um i've got it um it was developed as a straight remake called
originally called mario brothers vb and it's the first stereoscopic 3d mario game instead of
bumping into your enemies from below you have to hit them with shell creeper shells um super mario
3d world for wii u has a version of mario brothers starring luigi called luigi brothers
um the high score for the arcade version as recorded by twin galaxies is by steve uh clay
soth um at five million four hundred twenty four thousand nine hundred and twenty points
and that's it so many versions yes my goodness um in fact it's funny you know i i was mentioning
about how this is this is really truly one of my favorite games of all time like or you know
especially when you go to classics like part of the one of the games that really got me into
gaming but um you talked about all of the various variety of ports that there were for the game
right and so you know you know which one of those i got hooked on you had the only released uh
commodore 64 version no it was the atari 2600 version gotcha well i mean i thought i just i'm
fucking around but you know i i i played a shit ton of this on the atari 2600 and i factually
found a video out there on youtube of what it looked like because man the graphics were really
parsed back from what you saw in the arcade but i remember the coin was literally like a data square
like it literally looked like nothing but like a garbled image um but you know what the gameplay
for the most part was definitely there um and i got hooked on this you know what i think i
don't know that i have the 5200 version so i'm gonna have to
go nab it oh i bet i bet the 5200 version looks so much better i found a cassette no i didn't
never mind i thought it was a cassette it's not but i mean there's one that's actually in a
sealed box going for 700 bucks but honestly everyone else is selling like the other standard
expensive one is like a uh a fifty dollar yeah there's a bunch of repros out there
so the 5200 version has some interesting kind of frame rate issues but otherwise it's a pretty
darn loyal port it looks like so that's kind of interesting the 7800 version actually would be
really nice to have too i have a 7800 yeah better play that you know than all the ninja golf uh and
then in chat dark tatsuya says i heard the pc 88 versions uh were uh neat i wish they'd released
those on fds or something well it turns out there actually is a gameplay clip out there on youtube
of the pc 8801 version that i'm bringing up this doesn't look anything like mario brothers what the
hell is this hold on hold on sorry uh and for those in the podcast feed like we're just seeing
a stage that just looks completely different and i was looking at one that had like conveyor belts
and things like that this doesn't look a thing like the other one but i guess that's part of
what makes it so cool is that it does uh lay out the configuration of stages in different ways
and things of that sort so i guess yeah as far as like a collectible item could go that is kind of
interesting i'll give it that um but very different from uh the other mario brothers
neat
so all right uh yyr in chat says i'm impressed by that 2600 version yeah i mean as far as like
2600 ports go the mario brothers one was pretty you know well done i remember popeye was also
pretty decent on 2600 like i i something about those nintendo ports again they didn't do them
here like dark soccer said i i feel like parker brothers made all those parts or something it's
been a long time but um uh the the atari ports are always very interesting so all right well
great great pick dark soccer i'm a little biased because that's one of my favorites too and again
i was like she never picked that ever yeah but yeah that's how it goes sometimes all right let's
check out some other headlines around the gaming industry real quick in a segment we call rapid
fire news we'll go to loki apparently people found out that you can go google katamari and
it'll actually bring up a little katamari ball that you can click on and then roll around the
page and pick up the images on the page so that's neat and it works on your phones too
yes you can click to um it'll roll towards where you click or tap so that's kind of kind of neat
how about a new katamari game someday no we're just gonna remake the old ones rehashes the old
ones over and over again all right sounds good and then uh there's a new leak coming out about
mortal kombat 1 apparently the reddit user who previously leaked the mortal kombat 11
details and dlc roster um they were sent a fake character list for moral kombat 1 by a user and
then they revealed uh that the characters were which characters were fake on that leakers list
also this has been corroborated by another proven leaker fate unknown so right now it says the
reboot will include 19 characters including ashra havoc johnny cage kenshi katana hung lau
lee may lu kang melina natara raden arico reptile scorpion shang tsung cindell smoke sub-zero and
tanya they're going into the console releases uh first the early console releases for some of those
characters it's interesting yeah all right cool uh dar sakura how about you um yeah i got something
um so i don't know why i haven't heard of this game before hell singer yeah but anyway um is a
rhythmic first-person shooter metal game and it's going to have dlc that uh oh yeah the essential
hits pack dlc will be launching um it actually should already be out on steam ps5 and xbox series
x slash s um but anyway um you go through eight musically infused hells with a blade and different
guns so the uh new dlc is going to have stuff by uh gorillas i have to now have this of course
uh depeche mode um and uh let me see uh iconopop but i love it that song is like old but everywhere
uprising by muse uh down with the sickness uh galantis runaway misery business by paramour
uh tsunami so yeah these are big songs yeah yeah well i mean it's feel good ink by gorillas i mean
older one but that was one that got a lot of people into gorillas that weren't before
uh dark to see it points out that this is on game pass saying i haven't tried this but might have to
make room on xbox while it's still on game pass me too this one's has not been on my radar but
it sounds like it ought to be and uh a dlc is a really good way to make money off a game that's
on game pass so um clever clever idea all right um moving on let's talk about diablo 4 and the
cow level or lack thereof that's right cow level is all over the news this week because uh it's
being denied uh that the exist that the level is actually there uh general manager rod ferguson the
general manager diablo in an interview with kind of funny said uh we really wanted to ground diablo
4 as much as possible we've had some fun but we want to make sure it felt authentic to the gothic
dark themes we had and because of that there's no secret level in diablo 4 that people might be
looking for as per previous games that hasn't stopped people from looking because apparently
there's minor evidence in the game some references to cows uh apparently there's like a bloody wooden
shard that has the letter w carved into it there's a musty tome that has things in it here's the
thing here's how i feel about the cow level i realized it was a thing in diablo 2 it didn't
show up in diablo 3 until one of the anniversary events so i don't think it's in i actually truly
don't think it's in diablo 4 right now but it will be eventually someday because the other
thing nobody's talking about is whimsy shire whimsy dale and that whole thing uh that is also
in diablo 3 but i don't remember if it was there at the start but they ended up adding it later
so i would say these will be things you're gonna see in expansions for diablo 4 because
that's gonna have a reason for you to come back exactly they're gonna keep you coming back for
something so yes it's all about the gothic dark fantasy now and all that and the storytelling is
really good and everything but they're gonna but look diablo 3 had a very similar path it was
serious in the beginning too and then got really fucking over the top towards the end diablo 4
will go the exact same way watch i mean they said it right now they said they want to keep
it grounded grounded like beef ground beef half-life 3 confirmed can you clip that matt
all right all right anyway apparently there is a whole discord server uh called not finding a cow
level for people trying to look for the stupid cow level that's probably not there but we'll be
there in a later patch for sure all right meanwhile let's check out some video games
coming to a store shelf near you much sooner than a diablo 4 cow level with some world release dates
loki what's coming out in the us uh we have aliens dark descent on pc playstation 4 playstation 5
xbox one and xbox series crash team rumble on playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one and xbox
series i love this next title dr fetus's mean meat machine on pc nintendo switch playstation
4 playstation 5 xbox one and xbox series yes it's what it sounds like it's a team meat game that's
basically the mean bean machine uh harmony the fall of reverie on playstation 5 and xbox series
and last but not least sonic origins plus i can't believe that's coming out so soon that is on pc
nintendo switch playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one and xbox series all right let's travel to
japan quick get on the plane on the nintendo switch we have super bullet break coming out in regular
and limited edition uh from g choice that is out on june 22nd but then of course the big release
on the 23rd will be sonic origins plus is also out in japan i believe the same time it is out
everywhere else that is what's on the nintendo switch if you want to go over to the playstation
five oh just a little game called final fantasy 16 and these final fantasy releases tend to be
a big deal in japan that is releasing on the playstation 5 this week um but if that's not
your thing maybe the lord of the rings golem game getting translated for japanese release
will be right up your alley uh yeah uh by the way final fantasy 16 uh you can get the uh regular
edition you can get the deluxe edition you can get the collector's edition you can get a playstation
5 you can get a playstation 5 digital edition with a code for final fantasy 16 you can also get
a controller don't forget that was the thing that was coming out in japan a dual sense controller
uh there's lots and lots of ways for you to uh consume final fantasy 16 in japan i think they're
expecting it to be kind of a big deal especially after that demo apparently that demo increased
pre-orders in japan which was something that they were looking to do so very very interesting all
right in the meantime the uk dark sakura so um on the 20th we have for playstation and xbox
we have aliens a dark descent um for the same we have crash team rumble deluxe edition
uh on the 22nd uh we have yugioh battles of legend oh this is actually the card game
um okay that doesn't count um on the 22nd first which in playstation we have valthirian
hero school story 2 for playstation final fantasy 16 on the 23rd we have gray hill incident um on
playstation for the three consoles there's sonic origins plus for switch pretty princess magical
garden island i kind of want to play it um and then uh also on the 23rd uh for switch and
playstation alchemy alchemic cutie and i kind of want to play that too all right pretty busy week
uh around the world uh in game releases this week all right we have a few more stories for
you and then we'll be inviting your calls over at vog network.com discord our discord server
uh first up though let's go to loki yeah so apparently rockstar games has decided to remove
180 plus cars from grand theft auto online for some reason well that some reason is probably
greed is what it is but apparently yeah they've removed them from purchase in their in-game shops
and along with that though um they are offering some of them in some creative ways so for example
one of those ways is oh look at that it's that six dollar a month pay wall called gta plus that
when you have that you can exclusively buy some of these cars or they have them in literally
gambling as a part of the casino where they you know you've probably seen this in like real life
where they have actual like casinos that are wrapped you know auctioning off cars and stuff
like that well some of those are available through that as well so literal gambling in their game
thank goodness and um a lot of these nobody asked for yeah a lot of these are really like
old cars that are they just want more people to stream the game on kick
they're just classic cars that were like staples of like the series from all the way back to
like number one i mean it's it is kind of ridiculous the large amount of cars that are in here
um i don't know like they're also there's uh obviously there's a los santos car meet
which you can actually meet other players and buy them from them i guess it's like a
market that they can sell does rockstar take a cut of that too i mean like of course surprise
of course um so i don't know all the all the more reason like i hear stuff like this this
just really doesn't want make me want to you know uh play grand theft auto line which i haven't done
for a very long time it's gotten pretty bad um gta6 when i don't know hopefully well within the
next financial year so you know we'll probably hear about that at some point soon because they're
saying they're making billions of dollars next year um they said that they explained that they
removed lesser used vehicles although some of these are like big supercars and stuff that like
were some of the best cars in the game so i don't see how those are less used and what's the point
of that when they're not like removing the models of the cars from the game because if you own the
car already you get to keep it you still have it it's not like it just disappears it's just that
you can't buy them anymore so but why like that doesn't make any sense because it doesn't take up
any space reasons i mean paywalls is what i'm guessing i don't know but i don't know i don't get
all right well let's talk about a game that is coming out this fiscal year no really it is for
sure uh dar sakura i think you have a little update on starfield yeah i do um so it's actually
more about shirley curry also known as the skyrim grandma um she there was an easter egg of her in
the starfield direct showcase but she is flat out says she is not in the game nor is she going to
play it because oh no just the whole like i'm not gonna play it oh there's a reason she says she's
too angry because they're still waiting for elder scrolls six um get them grandma but i mean and
people are you know and she actually has a rebuttal for the people saying she's too close
minded about the games that she plays um but she says not so that she tries all kinds of games she
just doesn't like many of them um like she tried fallout and said it was way too depressing for her
um and uh she uh she's been so frustrated with waiting for elder scrolls um and she's kind of
uh run out of steam with skyrim right now um and starfield isn't really her thing because she
doesn't like space games so her her quote on here though is that uh um i have waited so long for
elder scrolls six as has everyone else i have played skyrim for so many years and made up my
own stories within the game that's getting harder to find new stories in my head on the same land of
skyrim um the starfield presentation was nice but still it's a space game and i am just an elder
scrolls five skyrim addict i guess lol this is from an email um so yeah are you saying the
skyrim grandma went on record uh when asked about elder scrolls six she said it's been 84 years
no okay uh dj rama s is suggesting that shirley curry should join forces with whoopi goldberg
and cause havoc on those gaming companies i'm all for a gaming grandma's union um it's quite
awesome did you uh dark sakura shirley you've heard about the whoopi goldberg is she have you
heard about this yes she's pissed about oh she uh loki she's pissed about diablo 4 because she's
actually a big diablo gaming fan uh and i knew that i knew she was super into diablo what i
didn't know is that she plays on a mac and they didn't put diablo 4 on a mac for whatever reason
which is which you know now that whoopi points it out i i you know blizzard usually does put their
stuff out on mac so it's weird but um i'd always given them is that they were really
early and strong mac supporters yeah so this this comes out of left field unless now
the reason i could think is perhaps maybe they just don't quite have the skill with uh programming
for both uh uh the uh doing intel and uh the m chip series yeah um or with uh with rosetta
compatibility so that might that might be a an issue and and it's an understandable one
but the m series has been out now for three years yeah they've had time and the development units
are always available for uh for well developers like way early yeah so um it is interesting
though that whoopi is going full karen on which is ironic because that's a real name
uh is going full carrot on this uh with the whole wanting a refund and all this because i guess i
guess she forgot to look and see if it would be she's kind of assumed it would be on mac um you
know i guess i yeah she didn't figure that out so now she wants a refund i'm sure she'll get it but
as some folks are pointing out did you're on my essence chat says well proton ish is coming to
mac and mac os and oma and i know that there's been chat about that they are they have made some
steps to make some of the gaming stuff potentially easier to port so maybe this isn't the end-all be
all on diablo 4 and a lot of other games to be quite frank so uh miss goldberg may get her way
uh eventually so we'll see but i'm sure she wants to slay demons in hell like the rest of us all
all right um moving on loki yeah so in the most non-news of news uh jeff keeley has confirmed it
yes summers game fest is coming back next year like duh like we knew that was going to happen
but apparently this year has set some records for him so cool look forward to it since i mean
e3 isn't really a thing so but we kind of figured it was coming anyways yep yeah um i mean it's nice
to have it confirmed as opposed to e3 that was up in the air until about six weeks before when
finally they were like oh i guess we're not doing it uh oops so all right well congrats to jeff
keeley i guess the in-person event was pretty good um you know our invite was lost in the mail but
apparently it was it was a good event good time was had all right uh let's talk about this is i
think big news we have heard that this was coming and there's been some beta releases of it but
i was playing dead by daylight this week at some point and i noticed i was like these notifications
are in a different font oh my gosh the steam client changed and it sure did that's right
the steam client overhauled notifications the ui elements the in-game overlay is now different
so that desktop client did get its update and that was released on june 14th so a few days ago
right around the time of that dbd patch ironically um and so many of those things like yeah it's it's
fine i like the typography actually i really like the typography better in it um it just looks a
little bit more modern a little bit more uh makes better use of the space that it has from a design
standpoint i do not really care for how it acts in the g-force experience um but i'm not mad about
it and maybe that's just something g-force needs to work on too on their end or something you know
since it is new for everybody so but it's been a delight here on my mac but one thing that uh
is is gone with this update the legacy steam big picture mode uh for those that remember that from
those old like you know steam machines used to use that and that uh the now the bug fixes has
the op command line option enable old big picture it has been removed um but you have a steam deck
interface if you uh you don't have a steam deck machine you want to use that but the uh old big
picture is gone some of us can airplay if you want to do that go for it it works all right that was
all of these slotted stories we had for tonight so we can open it up to you all if you have some
questions for us the stories were slots yes hot slotted stories are they loose slots hot slots in
your area okay being streamed on kick are they the loosest slots in town
anyway we all are anyway um if you would like to give us a call vog network.com discord you can
join our discord server or if you would like to uh you know uh ask a question in chat or bring up
something in chat we are more than welcome to read out some comments there as well um as you uh may
have some discussion topics for us i will check in briefly with loki to see if we have any last
minute stories tonight while we wait to see if any of that comes in oh oh no i don't i don't
like the way you laid that up if i can get that out of the way oh we did have an email
no oh i was gonna get one of my favorite movies we ain't found shit all right thank you tim russ
all right participate at orangesonsradio.com if you would like to fill our bag our mail bag
full of your letters all right loki your your setup there sounds really um worrisome
so you know how like you know activision blizzard said hey hey you know that like pve mode yeah
that's coming with overwatch 2 and then they're like no it's not coming with overwatch 2 then
they're like oh hey yeah we're gonna work on it again well now they're the news is out that
it ain't actually part of overwatch 2 unless you pony up the money for it because it's going to
cost you fifteen dollars as part of the invasion bundle and that gives you permanent access to
overwatch 2 invasion story missions 1000 overwatch coins and a brand new sojourn
legendary skin or if you want to shove more money to the activision you can get the overwatch
2 ultimate invasion bundle for forty dollars it gives you a null sector premium battle pass with
20 battle pass skips an additional 1000 overwatch coins for a total of 2000 overwatch coins and two
additional legendary skins for cassidy and kuriko i was against by the way like it's a 38
value so that's some expensive 17 dollar skins i would rather go give that money to a slot machine
so yeah so hey yeah they'll bring your you know pve mode that was supposed to be included with
that game but it's going to cost you like you're buying another game anyways for that prize
i want to waste they've just they've really screwed the pooch on the messaging with that
game and i understand they had some creative director changes and things but i don't know
hasn't stopped some of my friends from playing it and streaming it a lot but um i i just i i have
not touched overwatch 2 since that first season that they kind of brought it back and i'm just
kind of like meh like if they do a free pve thing i'll go check it out but until then nah
all right anything else you want to bring up here at the end of the show nope that's it all right
well y'all i think that's about it we don't have any calls we don't have any really comments there
in chat but that's all right uh we appreciate those you for listening and sticking it out
through the show uh i know you know we had our big announcement week last week and now we're
really getting into the thick of game playing big games releasing this week and i'm sure a lot of
you will be playing them or maybe you're catching up on your backlog shit most of you are probably
still lost in tears of the kingdom and i don't blame you on that whatsoever so all right um
we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thoughts and all that good stuff i do want to
thank you of course as always thank you for listening to and supporting orange lounge radio
uh we uh we've been here for 20 oh my god next week's our 21st anniversary actually
i almost forgot our birthday next week is our 21st anniversary uh so we'll be here to celebrate that
next week um i wonder what we should do to celebrate next week i'll it's our 21st anniversary
yeah i liked the panel thing we did last year i don't want to just repeat that but i i'd love
to mix up the formula a little bit if we can think of something so uh we'll see i wouldn't mind the
thing again yeah maybe we'll maybe we'll do something like that maybe we'll do a panel style
show again with your questions so um stay tuned to social media for that sort of thing um
and no no drinking next week but in two weeks on july 2nd i do have the third and the fourth off
so that's it guess what hmm so do i they were already my days all right
yeah yeah already my days off so maybe i'll maybe i'll have a wine cooler and uh we'll see
well do you know what we need to work on putting up a new storefront together rob we sure do we
need a new storefront i'd love to get that launched before dragon con actually before
sfg would be even better um i've i've i've actually put some new stuff up on mine because i
made a susie maine one and i'm working on one for every legion character and pig oh fun yeah
but i'm happy with how my my susie one turned out um i still need to get an ormonde hat because i
thought that those were really cute so i'm gonna get myself one of those well i i actually did
make a mask that's just susie's braces from her mask although it doesn't give me a black preview
because i only did it in black it just put up the white one so gotcha i'm happy with it all right
well we'll have to work on that shop let's try to get that done for the um uh uh southern fried game
expo because i'd love to get some new vog shirts and stuff to wear so yeah yeah um and then uh
let's see um what else is gonna say with that um oh uh weren't you thinking about a new cat video
next week for the folks that watch live i need more more pictures of cats and they must be very
high resolution please because i'm doing this in pro res yeah no tin can cats
tin can like you took a picture on the tin can i don't forget it oh okay um and i'm also i still
want to put that book together and i need good write-ups preferably that has been spelled in
grammar check so i don't have to um of listeners first experiences with orange lounge radio and
you can send that to the mailbox at participate at orangewieldradio.com and matt that would be
the answer to your question in chat too about where do you send pics participate at orangewieldradio.com
yeah send the pictures there too um but yeah i prefer uh basically jpeg um hei hei c or a tiff
you'll get a png and you'll like it all right anyway just fun fact all of the parody intro
things at the top of our show are png files all right what okay um where was i oh yes i was
thanking folks for listening to orange lounge radio if you enjoyed what you heard here on the
show wow that's awesome uh tell a couple friends about the show help us spread the word because we
are the show where every gamer has a voice but we need more voices to put out here on air that
is for sure um a nice five-star review on a site like itunes spotify or wherever it is you found
this show goes an awful long way and we really appreciate it we'll be back next week to celebrate
turning 21 years old this show is now old enough to drink uh that is that is a thought that we're
all having right now in the meantime i'd like to go around and get everybody's final thoughts for
the night uh dark soccer i know you've got your own stream ahead have fun tonight um any final
thoughts for our listeners la is hard but i love it my i i live in a perpetual state of sore thighs
and crampy calves and i love it hey it's a workout good stuff oh actually i got asked
to take the place of a dancer for recital but i can't do it because i'm not good enough yet
oh i won't be able to to stand it so but i was i felt really flattered to be asked and just my uh
yeah i i need to work some more so any if anyone does ballet and listens to the show contact me
shit i need to talk shop with y'all all right uh have a good stream dark soccer
thank you have a good rest of the everything all right bye uh loki uh final thought for us tonight
uh yeah so look forward to my new episode of my minecraft series out tonight or tomorrow
looking forward to it yeah sure to post it in the vog discord and all that good stuff
of course i gotta hoard myself out everywhere uh my final thought is hoping my voice holds out i
want to do another at least one more diablo 4 stream this week and then of course i'll be
streaming the shit out of final fantasy 16 once that game releases on thursday i'm sure a lot of
people will be but even if i only have one viewer i'm gonna stick with it i really am and then also
they're not paying me to say it but like these doctor pepper strawberry drinks strawberry cream
are actually really fucking good they taste like strawberries speaking of that i saw a new coke
flavor that was it was league of legends ultimate yeah okay yeah so we've been trying to figure out
what that flavor is we bought it and we're like what now keep in mind we drink the zero sugar
versions because you know i i can't really have the sugar but when i first had it i was like oh
it's like the lemon but i feel like there's like orange and lime in this too i thought it was coke
mixed with five alive that's honestly what i thought it was but when i read this on the
internet i was like oh no that's a distinct taste and that is exactly what this is
it's coke banana laffy taffy
that's yeah try it tell me what you think but if you don't like banana
laffy taffy i don't think you'll like it this is a very distinct chemical banana taste to it so
all right uh okay that's it um we're gonna wrap up have a great week everybody happy gaming
enjoy diablo enjoy final fantasy 16 enjoy tears of the kingdom hell enjoy your nintendo 64 if
that's what you're still playing this week whatever it is that you're playing thank you
so much have a wonderful week everybody we'll see you next time have a good night bye you've
been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios
to join us for our live show tune in to vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio nor vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
