Orange Lounge Radio
Who's the hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week we're showing our roots with this headline. The next version of DDR DDR Ace is coming to America this spring and summer to about half of all Dave and Buster's locations. There's plenty more video game news in store and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 637 for this April the 10th of 2016.
Welcome back. We were off last week but we're back here this week to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. Assembled here in lovely Sacramento, California in our studio N7 with myself, Rob Roberts.
But you might know me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E. And by my side, my lovely co-host over there, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you Jamie Summers?
I'm well, how are you?
Good. I'm tired. I was like really, really, really tired because I've had a very busy weekend but I took a 20 minute nap before the show and I swear a 20 minute nap makes all the difference. I feel a lot better.
I went to bed at 3 and woke up at 2.
3 in the morning?
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Because I had the smart idea to make coffee to make up for the awful horrid coffee at Dad's Kitchen.
Uh-huh.
By the way, the food at Dad's Kitchen in Folsom, amazing. Their coffee, crap.
Just saying.
Just a tip for you locals.
So I made coffee.
We probably did get more local listeners thanks to yesterday so it's relevant.
Dan and I, we did stay up a little bit late just, you know, hanging out.
Yeah.
Doing stuff.
Cool.
Playing with Kat.
Alright.
And I'm still trying to get him on Miitomo.
I thought he was on Miitomo. I thought everybody was on Miitomo. We'll talk about that in a little bit.
He's resistant.
We'll talk about that in a little bit. But first, of course, I always have to introduce him as well here in studio by our side, our other co-host, Techmaster Loki.
Yes, he's one of the resistant ones.
Are you not on Miitomo? I thought you were. I thought I added you.
There's a me out there. Okay, here's the thing. Here's the crazy thing about Miitomo.
I get, like, this is going to sound so, like, cocky. I hate it. I'm sorry.
But I have so many friend requests in Miitomo that, you know, I'm just approving.
Like, if we're linked on Facebook or Twitter, I'm like, whatever, approve, approve, approve.
And one came through and I thought it was Twitter and it said, Matt, and I swear the icon looked just like you.
And I was like, oh, it's Loki.
And, like, it even tells you who it is once you go in it, but I didn't even look because I'm going through it so fast.
I thought you were, oh, I thought you were on it.
No.
Oh, well, shoot. Why the hatin'? Why the resisting?
That's not why the hatin', just not interested in doing it.
Yeah?
I have a feeling it's going to be one of those things that I'm going to get a million goddamn updates on.
And I'm like, no, I am not doing that shit.
Yeah, I had to turn it off on my phone because that first day, especially, I mean, the friend request thing has really died down.
But the first day, especially, like, I had the alerts on and I'm not even joking.
Like, every five minutes since I downloaded the app, like, it kept going off.
I'm like, shut the fuck up.
So, finally, I was able to figure out how to turn off all the little switches and now it doesn't annoy me.
Because, yeah, if you let it, it will be like, DarkSakura answered a question.
DarkSakura hearted one of your questions, you know, or some of that.
It's bad enough that, like, my Facebook and Twitter apps are starting to do that.
You know, there's been an update or what was it like?
I remember I used to get Facebook updates that I had, like, unread messages or something that are like unread notifications.
And the unread notification was another notification saying that I had unread notifications.
It was like notification ception or something like that.
Like, I really didn't have any unread notifications.
It just sent me one of those and they kept sending me another one and another one and another one.
Did you hear about all that crazy stuff, though, where I guess Facebook has yet another, like, hidden inbox or something of messages?
Oh, I know about that.
That's existed for, like, years.
I think they moved. I think at one point it was, like, unknown.
But then they, like, moved it or something.
Like, it's another place.
Yeah, because that's the one where if you don't know, you're not a friend to somebody, that's where it will go.
Or you pay the dollar and they get it in their inbox or whatever.
The hilarious thing is because I have my Rob Roberts name on Facebook, right?
So all my other inbox is is other people named Rob Roberts, I think, trying to figure out who has the account.
Because it's like, hello? And their name is Rob Roberts as well.
Oh, yeah, I had that before.
Which is funny because that's not my real name, but it might as well be.
I had someone, yeah, with my same name and they, like, tried to give me a joint group with the same people with the same name.
And I did for a while and I'm like, wow, all these people are losers. No thanks.
Come hang out with us. We all have the same name.
One of them was, like, extremely racist, like, somewhere in Ohio or something.
I'm like, nope.
It's like when your profile picture is, you know.
I love it.
It's, what's it, the Confederate flag that's...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Woop woop. Red alert, red alert.
Aside from all the other posts that they made, yeah.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of the Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
So if you are listening to us live, you can join our chat room and we can get your comments and feedback on the air.
In fact, Alan Alka will be talking about the Facebook hidden inbox saying,
I knew about the Facebook thing years ago.
I had three members of my estranged family trying to say hi to me that I didn't see until literally two to three years after the fact.
So, hmm.
Let's see, also some comments on Miitomo.
SHU100Matt saying, I'm not on Miitomo. I'm just so preoccupied with other things.
Also, I wonder how much it will be supported and if people will get tired of it.
VxChaseNextV agreeing that Miitomo's notification sound is pretty rough.
I can tell you if you can get tired of it or not.
Answer me one question.
So how are your Nintendogs doing?
Exactly, that's how this is going to go.
It's quite different than that though.
Yeah, it is different than Nintendogs.
I gotta say, okay, here's my thoughts on Miitomo.
All that stuff aside, and I guess admittedly I set the bar pretty low on Miitomo,
but I honestly think Miitomo is like ten times more interesting than Tomodachi Life was on the 3DS.
Remember all the hoop and holler about that game, especially because there was controversy and all that stuff?
I think Miitomo is a more interesting game.
Ten times zero is still zero, so...
Shut up.
But yeah, I think Miitomo is interesting from a social network perspective,
and it's kind of blowing my mind because I would not have expected Nintendo to create a somewhat interesting social network.
It's not going to replace Facebook, it's not going to replace Twitter, any of that,
but I will say this, tease all you want about the longevity of Miitomo.
What happened to Peach, y'all?
Remember Peach?
What happened to Peach?
That was a thing, right?
Peach was replaced by Petch.
What about Ello?
When was the last time y'all logged?
Remember when we were all going to quit Facebook?
I still get email from Ello.
Yeah, I get email from them too.
Oh, I get email this whole time.
I'm like, shut the fuck up.
Stop sending me email because they're like, please don't forget us, we're dying.
Remember when you hated Facebook and you made an account here?
Come back!
No, delete.
So, yeah, I think Miitomo has more legs than Peach and Ello.
I'll give it that.
I realize Loki's probably sitting there going, well, when you set the bar at half an inch off the ground, you got a lot of room to go.
But I think there is that at least.
I don't know if it's going to last months and months and months.
Probably not.
I think it's interesting that you have this whole like platinum coins thing and you can earn them in Miitomo
and you can earn them every day and they are going to turn into things where you can get like discounts on Nintendo games and stuff,
which is kind of neat.
Like it's the whole like achievement points.
Or unheard of because they don't discount their games.
Well, they do now.
You can get what, 50% off Holy World or whatever?
Well, I like though that it starts conversations and that they've actually led to some really interesting discussion.
Yeah.
So I've learned, I've actually met new people on there.
I've learned a lot about different things.
I found out that, like for example, that children have stronger taste sensitivity to bitter foods.
And that's why they don't like broccoli.
Was that like one of those like name an interesting fact that you learned today?
No, it was like name a food that you used to hate that you like now and I said Brussels sprouts.
But there's a scientific explanation.
What if I still don't like Brussels sprouts though?
Then you're not, then you're just sensitive.
I don't hate them as much as I used to as a kid.
But like Alan will say, we're going to have Brussels sprouts tonight and I'll still make that face that's scrunchie like.
That's because you're overly sensitive to bitterness.
Maybe because I am bad when you're made of bitterness.
What's left?
Going to chat over at live.vog network.com.
Act Def says me photo.
That's the app seller.
Okay, that's the little thing where you can actually put your me's in crazy situations.
But you can actually import pictures from your phone.
Which you can imagine has led to all sorts of hilarity and x-ratedness.
Or the me just covering up the x-ratedness enough.
I've been taking screenshots in other games.
So like I have my me hanging out in like the Kingdom Hearts game.
Okay.
The Kingdom Hearts X Unchained whatever.
Yeah, that's the other big cell phone release everybody's playing.
I tried to play that but it's like I want to download an update five minutes later.
4% done. I'm just like forget it.
It's kind of boring.
I got a million other things to do right now.
Jamie review. Kind of boring.
Kind of boring?
Kind of boring.
Alright.
The music's good.
Kind of boring, the music's good. There it is.
Dark Soccer, any other final thoughts on Miitomo?
I feel like it's one of those things like almost everybody played it this week.
Obviously there's going to be folks like Loki that are like no I resist.
I'm not resisting I just don't care.
I think there's a ton.
I'm sorry but like I have never seen a social network or a game explode that much in the first two days as much as I've seen Miitomo.
Just based on the frame requests I'm getting.
I like dressing up.
And I have Midna on my back.
I got the little black cat.
I like the little mini games. Those are fun.
Yeah the mini games are kind of...
Especially dropping your friends on their head and watching them go blah blah blah.
And it makes excite bike noises. Did you notice that?
Yeah.
When they bounce around it's all excite bike stuff.
So I will be curious to see and I think Loki that is a valid thing and I think it's something we're all wondering.
How are they going to keep Miitomo interesting?
Like what's going to cause us to load it a week from now?
Oh I remembered something else interesting.
Listening to all the Miis say fuck.
Yes. Your Miis will say fuck.
Like Nintendo doesn't censor that which I've got to give them a little bit of credit for.
But if you have friends who just aren't, you know, offended by that then whatever.
Whatever.
And I've seen all sorts of states of undress and people looking interesting.
What I don't understand is how you're able to send friend requests to each other without exchanging some sort of numeric code.
I have a serious answer for that. There's three ways to do it.
You can link your Facebook account. You can link your Twitter account.
And then once you do that it'll show you here's all your friends on Facebook on Miitomo.
Here's all your mutual Twitter followers on Miitomo as well.
And you can add people that way. I think that's the way most people did it.
Wow that's pretty cool. Why can't they do that on their stupid consoles?
Well.
I wish they did have friend codes though.
Maybe this is the thing that's going to happen for NX. Maybe.
Just give them a little credit.
Alan is asking about the QR code. That is just to import someone's Mii to use in photos.
Correct.
So that doesn't do the friend sharing. I wish that you could do friend sharing via QR or a friend code because I have people who actually are not on social media who play Miitomo.
The only other way you can do it. There's a thing called I think Bump. But you have to be in the same room.
Because it uses the GPS to figure out who's near each other.
So if you're near each other and then you tap the same symbol. It's like clubs, hearts, diamonds, spades. Like from a deck of cards.
You both tap the same symbol. Like syncing a Bluetooth or something.
And then it'll say okay here's all the people that have the same symbol and range.
It'll say nasties have been bumped. You're welcome.
What's that?
It'll say nasties have been bumped. You're welcome.
Nasties have been bumped.
Oh lord. Alright. Yeah so there you go. That's Miitomo.
So again the bar was low but I enjoy it more than I thought I would. I really do.
So I paid actual money for Tomodachi Life and now I'm kind of pissed off.
Like if Miitomo made me angry at anything it made me angry I spent money on Tomodachi Life.
Well that's something you're just going to live with.
Yeah that is. That's the consequence I'm going to have to live with. I'm just going to have to sit here and think about what I've done.
Perhaps you'll learn your lesson this time.
Never. Never. How many games are in your Steam library?
Plenty.
Have you stopped buying Steam games?
I haven't bought Steam games in a while.
I still have to finish Danganronpa.
Not to say they haven't shopped for them.
I've been so busy.
Like they're in there telling me I should play Project Egg Zone 2.
I'm like I don't have time. I still have to finish Danganronpa and I have stuff I'm being paid to do.
Speaking of Steam. So we've got two weeks to catch up on right?
I wasn't. We weren't here last week because I wasn't here last week so the Studio OLR was locked.
So Dark Soccer's at the front door. Let me in.
Actually I think she has a key but I digress.
I don't think I have a key anymore.
I was not here because Alan and I went to Tucson to visit some friends of ours that live there.
And we thought well there's also this Ingress event going on in Tucson.
Let's do a twofer. We'll do both. We'll get the most bang for our buck. We'll do the Ingress thing.
Which I'm not going to get into all the details about that because I know a lot of you don't play and that's fine.
But that was intense with so many people in one place playing the same game and yelling out like audibles from team to team.
Recharge! Recharge! Drop it! Drop it! They took it! They took it! Deploy! Deploy! Shield! Shield! Axle! Ultra!
People are just like what the fuck is going on?
Oh you should see the people that have no idea what they walked into.
Okay here's one funny story I'll tell that everybody can appreciate.
So one of the nodes that ended up being called a volatile node which means it was worth double points.
One of them was at a federal building.
Keep in mind which node did my team get assigned to? The federal building.
So we're all there on a Saturday. Now you don't have to go inside the building.
But it was right outside the building.
And it was a hot day so we were like we're just going to go stand under in the shade.
So we did. We all went and went and stand under in the shade.
And so we're all doing our thing. Deploy! Deploy!
We're being very careful not to use the words blow it up.
Because in the game that's what you fire little lasers you blow.
But we were very careful. Do not say the words blow it up.
Do the opposite of recharging.
Yes do the opposite of recharging.
So we were very very careful with the words that we used.
However there was still a security guard on Saturday.
And the security guard actually came up and said.
You know actually they were super nice about it.
Like they weren't like a douchebag security guard.
I think they were like hey I know you guys are doing like some weird game thing here.
I can see all the people around town.
But got to have you 50 feet away from the building or whatever.
You know so they were really cool about it.
But like okay. Niantic.
Maybe in the future don't fucking put volatiles at federal buildings.
On a Saturday.
So yeah I didn't but I didn't think about that.
It was just funny.
So that was Ingress in a nutshell.
But we went to Tucson.
And I will say a quick little aside about Tucson.
I don't know if we have any listeners there.
Besides you know my friends that live there.
But one of the days we were there we were walking around the street fair.
The 4th Avenue Street Fair.
Which you know had a ton of vendors.
But right in that same area there was actually a pinball arcade.
It was nothing but pinball.
Well maybe like two maim type machines.
But most of it was pinball games.
And I was pretty impressed.
In fact I was like Dark Sakura needs to see this.
I'm sure she's probably seen all these machines at some point in her life.
But still to see them all in one place outside of a convention or something is still pretty impressive.
Did you happen to see the picture I put on Instagram Dark Sakura?
There was like a ton of pinball games in this place.
It was pretty nice.
I didn't find.
Yeah.
Yeah I didn't see it.
It was cool.
There was a lot of different games there.
So what did I play?
Oh I played a Star Trek machine.
Not the next generation but the original Star Trek.
But not the movie Star Trek.
So I played that machine.
I know that one.
Because I'm a nerd.
It's not a Gottlieb is it?
I don't remember.
It has the transporter animation.
Yeah I know what you're talking about.
It's like from like 83 or something.
Yeah it's definitely an 80's machine.
But it was fun.
So I played that and watched my friends play some other games.
So I was pretty impressed by that little pinball museum they had there.
So that is my gaming thing there.
But also my friends in Tucson owned a Steam Link.
And I'd never seen one before.
But my friend was playing.
Oh now I can't remember.
What's that game?
It was a Kickstarter game and it like just came out in the past couple weeks.
Pixel art style.
Zelda-esque but really really hard.
Somebody in chat will know what I'm talking about.
By the way it's Bally.
Okay thank you.
It's Red something I think is in the title.
So somebody in chat will know over at live.com.
You mean Hyperlight Drifter?
Is that it?
Hyperlight Drifter.
Yes that is it.
Hyperlight Drifter.
That is the game.
So I was watching him play that through Steam Link on the TV.
Because I guess he was running it on the computer upstairs.
And playing it on the big screen downstairs.
And I was kind of like huh this is kind of neat.
And I'm like so these things are only like 50 bucks?
Yeah.
Alright shit I'm going to get one.
So we bought a Steam Link.
So when I was teasing you about your Steam Library.
We were actually we bought a Steam Link and we were using that a little bit.
And yeah I was going through the library going wow.
I have all these games I don't think I've ever even touched.
But now I can play them on the Steam Link.
So that's pretty cool.
Okay I'm stupid it was Data East.
Hmm.
The pinball.
Oh I think.
No because Bally had the license and Data East had the license and Data East did I think the later one.
Yeah.
So sorry I didn't mean to.
Yeah.
I should know my pinball better.
Bobby Blackwolf says also got a Steam Controller.
I considered getting the controller I just didn't end up.
I was like nah I knew the Xbox One controllers worked.
So I was like eh that'll be good enough.
We had a Steam Link and we returned it.
Yeah I know you guys I remember because before we bought it you said you guys didn't care for it.
What was the negative?
Well I thought it was neat and Dan's the one who really played it more than I did.
I really didn't get a chance to.
But some of the games there was like way too much lag between our computers and because he was actually playing it off of my Steam Library.
And I wouldn't say that my computer is like well at least my gaming rig is probably the best that ever existed.
But when he tried to play like I think more advanced games there was definitely some lag.
And so he's just like yeah this.
He returned it didn't consult me but.
Well you can borrow ours someday maybe.
But well I.
Were you wired on that.
Or wireless.
I don't remember I think he did it wirelessly.
See we're wired on ours because we thought that might be a problem.
But since the rooms are next to each other we knew we could run a long cord around the wall and that's what we did.
And so it's wired.
And so I think that does make a huge difference because I can imagine if it's wireless you're going to get the stop and go and the things that come with wireless networking.
So yeah.
But wired is great.
So I've already made a decision though that I'm going to get a controller for my Apple TV.
Because you can get the DuckTales game on Apple TV.
Oh that's right.
It's actually getting a lot more games.
Yeah the whole like there there's just a ton of stuff that will broadcast to TV now I always get these pop ups on my computers.
Get the Nvidia Shield it will do because you know because I have the driver.
No I'm just like well yeah I know I'm like what do I need it for I have a steam link now like that literally I did I didn't even really need it.
I just was like well it might be fun and it's neat.
But yeah that's it.
So yeah that's why we didn't have a show last week I was out of town.
So we've been without a show for a couple weeks or just two weeks we've been one week without a show.
But we are back today and we'll continue to be throughout the next few weeks on Sundays.
No no shows off that we see in the future until like Labor Day weekend when I'm out of town in Atlanta Dragon Con.
So we have plenty of shows coming up for you guys over the coming weeks.
Which an interesting kind of aside you might remember a few weeks ago I was talking about that we were having issues on Stitcher.
And like Stitcher hadn't updated our show since like what like February or something.
Well all of a sudden I guess the backlog got caught up.
And I think what happened is I think enough people because somebody actually contacted us on Facebook going.
Hey I'm trying to get your show on Stitcher and I can't.
It's just like I'm kind of like in this place where it's like I'm so frustrated not obviously the feedback.
I'm not frustrated the feedback is completely valid I'm frustrated there's like nothing I can do.
I've pinged Stitcher I've tried to update our URL and all this stuff.
So I was like hey can you email Stitcher and tell them you miss us because it's kind of out of our control.
Well I guess that person did that and maybe enough people did that where finally it got updated so yay to that.
But yeah so at least there's that.
The people that thought our show just ended because they were listening on Stitcher at least got like eight more episodes.
So hopefully they didn't miss us as bad last week when we really didn't have a show this last week.
But I will remind everybody please please consider following us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash OLR or Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio especially the Twitter because when we don't have a show we'll let you know.
Like you know and if this show heaven forbid were to ever end or stop.
We'll let you know on social media that hey the last episode is happening come show up and say goodbye.
You know we'll give you some advance we will do everything we can to give you advance notice.
And not just surprise you one week like gotcha we're gone forever.
So anyway Bobby Blackwolf in chat says the last episode of OLR is happening.
What some day some day but just not today.
I hope I hope you know this is the last episode for this week.
Yes it is.
This is the very last episode of OLR for this week.
Alright Dr. Suyin in chat says I won't know what to do with my Sunday nights at 6.
Oh God neither would I.
After doing this for what we're almost on 14 years.
There was a few months ago remember when I was sick.
We missed a show because I was like really sick.
Like I'm sitting here Sunday night going I have nothing to do.
Like I guess I'll play a video game or something.
Like I'm sick and there's no show and my life sucks right now.
Like what am I going to do on my Sunday night.
So believe me I understand how you feel.
One other thing I definitely want to talk about at the top of the show here.
And then we'll get into our gaming weeks and we have plenty of news and all that stuff.
But absolutely we have to talk about the event we were at yesterday.
So even though you didn't get an OLR last week.
We were broadcasting all day long yesterday from the SAC Indie Arcade Gaming Expo in West Sacramento.
And of course if you heard the last episode of Orange Andreo.
We already talked about the event at length because Gabe and Bree were here in studio during our last episode.
So we talked a lot about it and so the event actually happened on Saturday.
So we were broadcasting all day.
Although admittedly we didn't really have a lot to do.
But that's a good thing because the speakers were pretty much non-stop throughout the day.
So you were pretty much getting the speakers and we would chime in once in a while.
But there was just so much other talent there.
There wasn't a lot for us to do but kind of just make sure things were still moving.
But it just also is a testament to how smoothly run that show is.
And I got to say and I told this to Gabe and Bree and anybody I could.
Like the growth of the event from last year to this year was so noticeable.
Not just the venue. I mean and nothing against the space last year.
Because the Cafe Colonial they have been so supportive for the whole thing.
But the reality is it just outgrew that space.
And so they had to find a new space.
There would have been no way it would have fit in the old space.
But now they're in that West Sacramento Community Center.
Which was an interesting layout because we were joking on Bobby's show.
It's like, oh there's a room over here.
It's like the game board of Clue.
There's a room over here and there's a secret passage from the conservatory to the dining room.
Like there's just all this crazy stuff.
I was mentioning to Loki that walking backstage was like, it's like a secret passage.
It was.
And like I was sneaking out through doors and whatnot and yeah it was great.
So yeah and a big testament too to the West Sacramento, the community and the city that was putting that on.
Because I got to say you know we had dedicated help to making sure that OLR would get up and running.
And I got to be honest I'm not often used to that.
Not that I do these events every day.
But like somebody was dedicated to making sure, do we have everything we need?
Do we have the wired internet? Is our sound okay? Is all that stuff?
So the reason why when we went up at 10.15 and everything sounded great is because we had help from the venue right there.
Any questions we had they worked out.
They were like yeah run the wire through here.
The router's back over here and we can use your sound.
It was just awesome.
But anyway the event of course they had lots of indie games from developers here in the Sacramento area.
As well as some in the Bay Area and even I think somebody from San Diego was there.
And so there were all these local folks showing off their games.
And there was everything from tablet games to Wii U games to VR.
The Vive was there.
To someone creating their own system.
Yes. I think that was that 3D conceptual thing right? With the tic-tac-toe.
Yeah there was that.
And did you see what was right next to that?
The big like they would put the key.
I don't know what that was.
Okay so what that was, I think they were wearing a VR thing.
And they had gloves and boots strapped to them.
And it was like a, no they didn't have a VR headset on.
No they didn't have a VR headset on.
They were just dressed up like it and they would knock over like cardboard.
Yeah the game was You Are Godzilla.
And there was actual cardboard boxes that were set up on the ground.
And as you, like there were sensors in the boxes and as you would knock shit over.
Like it was doing stuff in the game.
Like it would be like combo and like all this stuff.
And I was like, okay I don't know what practical use something like that has.
Like that's not something you're really ever going to have in a house.
But boy is it a fucking great party game.
Like that was a lot of fun to watch.
And the kids were really into it.
But yeah they got suited up in this whole thing.
And were tearing down virtual buildings.
And I thought that was awesome.
So there was just so much creativity there.
But we were up in a theater room that was called the black box.
Because that's what it was.
It was a theater that's like the box type theater.
And the room was black.
In fact we joked during the day.
And I know this doesn't come out very well on radio.
But we kept joking about mood lighting.
That's because since it was a theater room.
For a lot of the day it was pitch black in there.
Except you'd have that lone spotlight shining from the ceiling.
That's supposed to light actors that are on the stage.
Which makes a lot of sense for the play.
But for the speakers it was a little like we were like sitting in the dark.
And I think even Loki was kind of like I'm falling asleep over here.
It's too dark.
So it wasn't good for me to like with as little sleep as I get in a very dark room.
Right?
With somebody giving a very soothing talk.
Like I had two Red Bulls and it still was not enough to keep me awake.
Like I gotta go downstairs or something.
Look the talks were awesome.
And props to all the speakers.
And this is nothing I didn't joke with Gabe and Bree about beforehand.
But I was like okay guys.
When you announced the list of speakers.
I was like okay this sounds cool.
But I don't know any of these people.
I was like can I get bio cards.
Because I don't know any of these people to introduce or whatever.
So I was like okay.
But they all gave great talks.
All of them gave great talks.
And I learned a lot myself.
And so I said at the end of the day.
I said okay.
You know what.
Not that I ever doubted you guys.
But considering I did not know those people.
A. I got to network and meet all those people.
And you know that was great networking opportunities and so forth.
Just to meet awesome people that do different things in the game industry and mingle with them.
But B.
Like all of them were prepared.
All of them had a great concept behind their talk.
And I felt like I even learned a thing or two.
So I was really honored that we could bring that to a larger audience at VOG Network.
I'm just sorry that probably more people didn't realize it was going on.
Because we only have so big of an audience here at OLR.
But I think gamers on a wider scale everywhere.
Could really benefit from hearing a publisher talk about what a publisher really does.
And why devs may want a publisher.
And what a publisher can do for them.
Because I think so many people pass opinions on companies like EA.
Konami and so forth that are publishers.
Without necessarily really knowing what a publisher is.
You know what I mean.
And we may or may not have been guilty of something like that.
I still argue that perception is.
I have a decent idea what publishers do.
Yeah but still.
Regardless of how educated or not you are on that.
It was still neat to hear it from somebody's mouth like that.
And it wasn't just some guy from EA or some big big publisher.
But it was I'm an indie publisher essentially.
So that was one talk in particular I thought was good.
There was another gentleman that talked a lot about biases that you have in developing games.
And it's not that you're a jerk or that you're intentionally out to be biased.
But it's just that your backgrounds lend to your perceptions.
There's that word again.
The way you may perceive certain things and what you might end up putting in your game.
So you have to be more aware.
So I thought it was just so much interesting stuff throughout the day.
So big big props to everybody involved with Sac Indie Arcade.
We are going to look at putting that out there as a podcast.
Getting those audio files out there for you guys so you can download that and listen to it later.
Because again I really would love to see more people be able to check this stuff out.
My brain just put two words together.
Audio files for audio files.
Yes. It's something like that.
Absolutely.
I tried to do the Periscope thing.
I actually did a Periscope.
Did that work well in a pitch black room like that?
Believe it or not yes because the slides came through.
Here's where it didn't work well because I never had a Periscope on the OLR account.
I couldn't get the name OLR even though that's our Twitter name.
So I got Orange Lounge Radio and I just assumed it cross posted to the OLR account but it didn't.
So I was wondering why like maybe one or two people were watching the whole time.
But it's because unless you were like our friend on Periscope right off the bat you had no idea that we were doing the Periscope.
So I did learn some little things like that.
I remember friending you on Periscope but for some reason I still got the notification on that.
Well I did it from the OLR account not my Rob Roberts account.
Well that's a mess.
Anyway.
So there's that.
So but anyway we had a great time and massive props to everybody involved.
And I look forward to working with the IGDA here locally on more things.
You know Gabe and Bree and we've all talked about we need to do this more than once a year.
And absolutely so stay tuned.
We'll do that more often.
But a big hello and thanks for checking us out to anybody who may have found us at the Sac&D Arcade Gaming Expo.
Hope you enjoy what you hear here at the Voice Geeks Network.
There's plenty of other podcasts and great shows out there that talk about all sorts of different topics.
Not just video games. We have shows on anime, shows on Power Rangers, shows on British television,
geek culture, trying new foods from crazy places and eating them.
Like there's just there's all sorts of shows on the network.
So you can check out the complete lineup at vognetwork.com.
But if you're new to Orange Lounge Radio just briefly the concept.
Loki Dark Soccer and myself we all met like 15 years ago.
Let that sink in for a minute.
We all met like 15 years ago playing Dance Dance Revolution at a local arcade here.
And we used to play DDR on what Wednesday nights.
I think it was like the big DDR night.
And then we would go to the diner that was in the parking lot and we would talk about video games.
Because it was the one thing we all shared the one thing we all had in common.
We would talk about video games for a couple hours.
At one point we just had the idea.
Hey what if we like took the diner conversation and put them on the internet so we could have them with all the diners.
And that was pretty much what OLR ended up being.
So welcome to the show and hope you enjoy it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com use the passphrase PICKLE.
Alright well we talked about a lot there in the opening.
But we do like to kick off all of our shows with a little check in on how was your gaming week.
And what types of video games have you been playing this week.
So Dark Soccer starting with you.
How was your gaming week?
It was alright.
I mean apart from having the expo yesterday which I played Mo & Go and a few other games.
I also played a little Danganronpa just a little bit.
What else did I play?
Some Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer.
And a lot of Ingress.
A lot of Miitomo.
Dragon Age.
Heroes of Dragon Age whatever that is.
And that Kingdom Hearts game that was boring but okay.
What is it?
What are you doing it?
You just run around killing things and going on these quests.
How do you control it?
Is it like a platformer?
Yeah well not really a platformer.
More like you just direct them where they need to go.
You swipe the screen to kill stuff.
It was just really boring.
Oh.
It's cute.
I really don't like the style.
I like the scenes and everything but I don't like the player characters.
Because the style doesn't look like Kingdom Hearts.
It looks like we asked some developer in Singapore to make this.
The game.
So don't waste your money.
Don't waste your time.
I mean it's free.
I think it's free.
It's free to download but I'm sure there's plenty of energy refills.
Yeah it's boring as fuck.
Don't worry about it.
Alright.
Act F points out it's a Theatrhythm style.
I knew it did kind of have a familiar look to it.
So it's like the Theatrhythm style.
See Theatrhythm though is actually a good game.
This.
Boring.
Alright.
Fair enough.
Everybody's entitled to their opinion.
I haven't played it yet so I have none.
Loki how was your gaming week?
I played quite a bit in the last few weeks.
Let's see.
I played.
They had new DLC come out for Lego Avengers.
So I played all three DLC levels that they had.
They had like the.
I'm trying to think who it was here.
They had the Ant-Man stuff so that was kind of cool.
And then.
The Masters of Evil.
So they had their group with Baron Zemo.
And then classic like Captain Marvel.
And so I played through those.
And they were okay.
I don't know.
It's kind of.
They had a level with like you know trophies and stuff you could get but.
It was kind of odd though like I still didn't unlock the trophies even though I got everything.
I think you had to get everything and finish the level at the same time.
Cause I was like oh okay well I got everything I'm gonna quit the level cause you still get credit for it.
But you know.
I guess that was the issue there.
And then I played.
You know cause shame on me.
I played Amplitude.
There was.
Some issue with how it was on the.
Sony online store.
And I may have exploited that to get it for free so I did play it.
It's alright.
I don't know.
Probably would have been pissed off if I had actually paid for that.
But it's alright.
It's a decent music game.
Then.
Let's see what else did I buy.
I just recently picked up cause I had watched.
I've been looking at all the stuff that they have like their.
The Sony store stuff with the different games that they're releasing.
Still thinking about purchasing Day of the Tentacle cause that looks awesome.
It is awesome cause I've played it before but.
I was like eh I just really want to buy it again just to play through it again.
Maybe still will.
But I saw Enter the Gungeon on there and I was like okay well what the hell is this.
Something that.
It's kind of a funny name.
They've got a pun in the name.
So I checked out the trailer.
I was like eh this is alright.
You know kind of cool.
But I kept reading reviews on it and like everybody was really.
Liking it.
So I said okay fine I'll go ahead and pick it up and.
Download it.
So I downloaded it last night and.
Oh my god it's a fucking awesome game.
It's just this like rogue-lite.
You know kind of Binding of Isaac type of game.
It's basically bullet hell but you're kind of running around like Smash TV and stuff.
And it's got awesome music and the art style and it's like really.
It's like cutesy and like strange I guess.
I don't know like.
All the.
The whole game is basically gun themed.
Gun themed.
So like you know you're entering the Gungeon which is this giant bullet.
And all the enemies are bullets and they're shooting guns.
That are like associated with their bullets and stuff.
And just.
I don't know.
And the weapons are ridiculous.
What was the name of this again?
Enter the Gungeon.
Enter the Gungeon.
And.
It's just it's really fucking hard though.
Like because it's bullet hell.
I mean there's like bullets all over the goddamn screen.
And you know where it takes good timing to be able to do well in the game.
And I've only played it a little bit.
I got to play to see two of the bosses so far.
One was like this pigeon type character with this minigun.
And then the Bullet King.
Which was pretty cool.
Because I was showing my son.
I was trying to explain the game to him.
So I just showed him that.
And then.
What else?
I played actual Minecraft last night on the Playstation 4 because it's been a while.
Nice.
And my son's played it a little bit.
So I was like okay I want to check out and see what's different.
And I'm like holy crap.
There's a lot of shit that's different on this.
So I played a little bit of that.
And what else?
A little bit of Ingress but not really that much because I've been trying to cut back on that.
Just playing on my way to and from work.
And that's about it.
I think that's everything.
God I don't know.
I'm sure I've played Fallout 4 somewhere.
Yeah.
I think that's everything.
Alright.
If that's it for your gaming week I'll talk a little bit about mine.
Although honestly I pretty much.
I talked about all the big stuff I wanted to talk about already.
You know with Miitomo and all that other stuff.
But there is still one big game I played this week that I have to talk about here in my gaming week.
And that is.
Quantum Break came out on the Xbox One.
Finally right?
The successor in many ways to Alan Wake from Remedy came out on Xbox One this week.
And I was looking forward to the game even though admittedly I didn't really know a lot about it.
Because they didn't really tell us a lot about the game.
Except for some of the motion capture and all this stuff.
So I played through at least the first little chapter and I think I'm about halfway through the second.
I should be a lot further but it's just been such a busy weekend and everything else going on.
That's really all I've had time to play.
But I gotta say.
I think it's awesome.
I think Quantum Break is so cool.
It's basically in the story it has to do with time travel.
And you kind of get stuck in a time thing where you can now manipulate time.
I'm overly stupidly simplifying it for the sake of time.
But you actually can.
The game itself is kind of like a shooter in a way.
Because you know you're bang bang.
You aim and you fire.
It reminds me a little bit of Mass Effect.
Kind of in that regard.
Like the way it controls.
But you can use cool little time bendy things to either protect yourself like with a time shield.
You can do a force time bubble on the enemies.
So you can shoot them with a ton of bullets.
And then when the force time bubble wears off all the bullets go through at once.
So you hit them all at once. That's kind of fun.
And you do all these force dashes and all these things.
So you got all these weird powers that are just explained through the magic of time.
But then the game also has this element where, and I'm sure some of you guys have heard about this.
Where there's actually a TV show that occurs.
So once you beat the first chapter you have to make a tell tale style decision.
That's all I'll say is that you have to make a decision.
Do you want to do A or do you want to do B?
And it's a big decision that's going to impact the game.
And once you make the decision it shows you.
Here's all your friends that chose to do the same thing as you and you're in this percentage of the users or whatever.
But that decision is going to impact the TV show that you're going to see.
And then you watch like a 20 minute Netflix style show that ties into the game that you're playing.
It's just this is somebody else's perspective instead of the main characters that you're playing for most of the time.
The TV show is here's somebody else.
But then that big decision is not the only thing that plays into the TV show.
There's other elements that will change the TV show.
For example in the very first level and since the very first level I don't consider this a spoiler and it's not really a huge element of the story anyway.
I found like a formula on the wall that my character finished basically writing out.
And it gave the little icon in a butterfly effect for those of you that have played Until Dawn.
A butterfly effectish kind of way where it says that's going to come back later.
So I finished the formula and it's like that's going to be remembered.
And then when I was watching the TV show there's this conversation that's happening between two characters where they go.
Yeah I found out when I came into work this morning that somebody had finished the formula.
Was that you? No.
So they're actually talking about something that happened in the game but it's happening in this seamless TV show.
So I have to admit okay that's kind of rad.
I don't remember seeing things like that until like way back in the day when it was like CD-ROMs.
And the movie files from the CD-ROMs that would play would change maybe depending on what you did in the game.
But this uses, get this, streaming. That's how it does it.
Is it streaming it all from online so that way the branching is all seamless for those types of decisions.
It's streaming like Netflix would.
Disclaimer though, if you have a shitty connection you can download the entire set of the movie files.
You ready for this? 72 gigabytes if you want to download the movies.
72 gigabytes. Maybe it was more. 72's the number that jumps in my head was at least 70.
So you can download the movies if you're worried about the streaming thing or you're worried about the loss of quality or something.
But I don't know how you're going to download 70 gigs worth of show if you can't stream it.
So just something to consider.
That's going to turn some people off I think what I just said.
But if you're using your Xbox One for Netflix, you're fine.
And I think a lot of you are using your Xbox One or your PlayStation 4 for Netflix.
So what I just said shouldn't concern you because it's essentially doing the same thing.
But I really like how the one plays into the other and I just think the game itself is a lot of fun to play.
What's interesting is that I've been reading reviews on it online and I really shouldn't do that.
But I can't help it sometimes because I want to know if other people are as enthusiastic about the game as I am.
And it turns out, no. The game is actually getting mixed reviews.
And some people are saying that the shooter is an okay shooter and the movie segment is an okay movie.
Well let me tell you from my perspective, I don't play a lot of shooter games.
Admittedly, it's not usually my genre.
I think that actually plays in my favor on why I like Quantum Break more.
And yes, you can set the difficulty in Quantum Break. I'm playing on easy mode. No shame in that.
No shame in playing in Bobby Black Wolf mode. I'm still enjoying the story. That's what I'm there for.
And I have not been super challenged in the game.
I've come close, I've had scary moments, but I feel like using the powers and everything, I still feel like I'm not just pressing A to advance the story.
I am playing a game here, even on easy mode.
So I enjoy the shooter well enough and I like all those time-based elements.
And I think the show, I don't know if I get all the reads on the show being a bad show.
I think if you're into the story, I think the show is good.
Is it a little low budget? Yeah, but it's way more than what we've ever had for a video game that I can recall.
It's on par with a Netflix or Amazon series, in my opinion.
It's fine. The budget stuff doesn't really worry me so much.
I don't get the reads on the whole fact that the budget looks really, really low budget.
Because I'm like, do you play video games? Because a lot of times movies look low budget.
Is it at the level of SimCity Action News?
Nothing will ever be at the level of SimCity Action News, unfortunately.
For those that have ever played the SimCity CD-ROM game, that is the best movie acting.
No, nothing. You can't attain the unachievable, Loki. It's just not going to happen.
But it's pretty darn good. It's pretty darn good.
I would actually say the acting is a little bit better than it is in the SimCity CD-ROM game.
So there's that.
Alright. Go into a chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says, this game sounds like it's a ripoff of Timeshift.
Just get Timeshift for super cheap and you'll see it's the better game.
I would actually say it's more of a ripoff of Alan Wake and Max Payne.
But they can do that. Because those were Remedy's other games.
I really feel like the TV show element, you saw some of that in Alan Wake.
But they really took that to the next level with Quantum Break.
So that's why I think in some ways this game really is a successor to Alan Wake.
And it's important because TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV.
Yes. Which is what the Xbox One was all about originally.
Now I'm starting to see that vision.
I have to admit, I think it's a pretty cool thing to watch.
And I'm very curious what happens in the show if I picked the other option.
Because I'll tell you what, again, I don't want to spoil anything.
But it's very obvious if I had gone the other way, a character would not be alive if I'd gone the other way.
That character is in the TV show.
So, what would have been different?
So it makes me curious enough to kind of want to go back and play again.
So, alright.
Let's see.
Over at, oh and this is interesting.
Kaizhudo continues over at Live.Vognor.com.
No, I would never buy an Xbox One. I said, it sounds like.
I would actually say, Quantum Break is an Xbox One exclusive worthy of your attention.
If you're on the fence, like, what exclusives does Xbox have that I can't get on PlayStation 4?
I think Quantum Break is one you ought to consider.
It's not going to be for everybody. It's probably not a game for Kaizhudo.
The Windows 10 version, right?
Yeah, but we'll get into that later in the show.
Because the Windows 10 version, there might be a couple problems there.
But, as far as the Xbox One is, between Rise of the Tomb Raider, Halo 5, if you're into that.
I really think Quantum Break is an exclusive that you need to consider.
Like, Quantum Break is a much bigger deal than Knack on the PlayStation 4.
And look, I love my PlayStation 4 and they've got a ton of great games over there.
But I'm just saying, some exclusives are no big deal.
Rise on the Xbox One, also not really something to scream and shout about, right?
To be fair, I'll name one of those.
Quantum Break is one worthy of your attention.
On Xbox One, I'm just saying. I believe it.
Alright, anyhow.
I was going to mention real quick, one thing I forgot to mention in my gaming week.
What was that?
So, PlayStation 3.5 came out, which means that you can stream to your PC.
Yeah.
I was super excited about that, because I was like, I'm all sweet, I'm going to stream to my laptop, it's going to be awesome.
It fucking sucks ass!
Does it really?
To be honest, though, it's probably not the PlayStation's fault, it's my fucking laptop's fault.
But it does not fucking work at all.
So you have to have a-
It is laggy as shit.
I don't have a wired connection on my PlayStation.
Oh, you're even- oh, that was the next thing I was going to ask. Are you running wired?
I mean, my laptop's not wired, so I guess there could be bottleneck there, but it was-
Yeah, especially if your laptop is not beefy enough, that's probably the bottom line.
I mean, I may try it again to wire it, because my router is just across the room.
I could do that, but I don't feel like I should need to.
Well, with something that intensive, wired is always going to be better.
But like, I don't know, I thought it would work just fine, because I thought I did that before the Vita, and it worked fine.
Maybe I was doing PlayStation 3, I don't know.
But yeah, it didn't work for me. I was disappointed.
I have not done- admittedly, I have not done that PlayStation 4 streaming thing yet.
I was going to try it, but honestly, I've just been super into Quantum Break.
When I do have time to sit on the couch and play a game, I want to play Quantum Break until I finish it, because I'm into the story.
But I'm curious about the whole PlayStation 4 streaming thing.
But I've done the Xbox One streaming thing to Windows 10, and I thought that worked really well.
I was playing, of all things, Dungeon Siege 3 a few weeks ago.
Because that was like the games for gold thing on 360 backwards compatibility.
So I was playing that on my computer, because I wanted to chat with Alan or something, so I didn't want to be on the couch.
So I was playing over the stream, and it was great.
Yeah, I'd be totally down with that, because I had a lot of games on Xbox 360.
I'd love to have them backwards compatible, but I don't have an Xbox One.
Apparently not a laptop strong enough to stream at, I guess.
Alright. Well anyway, we've got to move on and get into some news.
Some housekeeping tonight. I think I've pretty much already thrown everything out there.
I'll just reiterate. Please follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash orange lounge- excuse me, Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
And yes, Google Plus as well. Google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
We need to get into some news, however. It's that time, so let's do it.
Getting into this week in news, because we missed a busy week last week, I'll tell you that much.
And then there's more going on this week, so we're going to try to at least cover what happened this week. Loki.
I do apologize in advance. I have some chest cold thing that is really making me very- it's difficult to breathe and not cough.
That's okay, these things happen. Oh, I should say this.
You remember everybody was saying a couple weeks ago that one of the- well, actually, you weren't here.
You've been gone for like a month, Loki.
Yeah, unfortunately. I had to put a door in last week.
Welcome back!
And then at Easter, and like-
Okay, so during the show last week, my mic was cutting out bad. Like, it was shorting, basically, the whole thing.
So, some people were like noticeably saying like, Rob, that mic is fucked.
So, I will say this. Hopefully, you all notice, I have a new microphone.
I did get a brand new microphone.
The guest mic has been replaced as well, because we have four mics in the studio.
Dark Soccer and Loki were fine, so I didn't replace theirs.
Plus, I felt a little better buying two at a time, as opposed to four.
So, I'll replace those two next.
But yeah, I am on a new microphone.
We actually used them for the first time yesterday, which was a really kind of crazy thing to do, because what if it was crappy?
But I just- I had the old mics just in case, but yeah, it ended up working out great.
So yeah, I'm on a new mic tonight, and hopefully sound better than I did a couple weeks ago.
So anyway, now we can get into some news. Loki.
Alright, so let's talk about rumors!
Everybody likes rumors. Well, this is apparently rumor regarding the new Zelda game.
Guess what? I know this is going to be shocking to you, but it's rumored to be coming out on the Wii U and NX.
Really? Because I didn't totally see this coming out on the NX, because it's been pushed and pushed and pushed and pushed.
But this is- I guess the source of this is from Emily Rogers, who leaked I guess the existence of a new Paper Mario game on Wii U before they announced Color Splash.
And some of the things that go along with that.
Apparently not only is it going to be on both systems, but you may have the choice to play as either a male or female character in the game.
And that they're going to have voice acting for the other characters in the game as well.
Except for Link, who I guess is not going to talk.
So, neat I guess? I don't know, most modern games have that.
Yeah, it's one of those things where I'm sitting at this going, it's not a big deal, but some people on the internet, being the internet, want to make it a big deal.
But when I say it's not a big deal, I completely understand if you are the girl who wants to see more representation of yourself in games, and you want to be a female Link.
I'm not saying it's not a big deal there, I'm just saying that this option, this is Mass Effect to me, it's not a big deal.
And in fact, considering how well the internet responded to Linkle, if I'm the guy designing- I'm not saying that female Link is going to be Linkle, but if I'm the person designing the Zelda and going, wow, everybody loves Linkle.
Let's be honest, though, about Linkle, okay? I thought the character looked cool, but the way that she's treated in the game, it's ridiculous. She's a goddamn idiot.
I mean, seriously, the character's thing is she has a map and a giant compass, and her victory thing is that she fucking doesn't know her way around. She's getting lost all the time.
And she's like a bumbling buffoon.
Yeah, but I know men and women that get lost all the time.
I understand that, but like, you don't see the male Link, you know, just, I'm fucking lost. It's just like, ah, it's a stupid girl, ha!
So she has ditzy traits that male Link doesn't have in his world.
Yeah, I mean, she has badass crossbows too, but you know, it's just, it's not the same. Whatever, I mean, that's fine, but it's just, I think it's stupid.
I mean, I think Linkle, the way they portrayed her, is stupid. She could be badass, that's cool. Why can't she be badass? Link is badass.
When you see the pictures of Linkle with the crossbows, I'm like, okay, I'm here for that.
Yeah, exactly, I'm down, that's cool. But like, it's like, why put that last part in?
It's not, haha, she's bad at navigation? I mean, I don't get it.
Dark Sakura, as a, you know, person that's been following video games for a long time, from the original Legend of Zelda, and our female on the panel, I have to ask you what you think about this whole addition.
I'm the token girl.
I don't want to say token girl, but you are the girl on our panel, so yes, I need to ask your opinion.
I, I'm happy with the option to play a female character. I just wish that they would have been, yeah, a complete swap, the way that Fem Shop was, and then again, she was also designed first.
But, I would rather not have them be two entirely different people, or, I really don't like the, oh, the girl is lost and needs help trope, I hate that.
It should just be...
But we should be clear, just to make sure it's clear, with Zelda NX, this is all rumors anyway, and we don't know the portrayal is going to be the same as it was in Hyrule Warriors, so...
But I certainly would like to see a capable, if it's going to happen, I would like to see a capable gender swap.
Or just the same thing with lady acting.
I know Nintendo's will down this, because that means they're going to make one more amiibo for this shit.
Oh, that's what it's really about, Lo-fi.
This has nothing to do with representation, this is about, hey, how could we sell a female Link figure and a male Link, this is an extra amiibo figure for yourself.
What about Link, I mean, what about the color of his skin, I mean, you can have multiple colored Links as well.
There you go.
I mean, there is a potential for like 32 amiibos or something for this.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, DarkTetsuya says, well we don't know yet how they'll handle her if she's in Zelda U, so who knows, maybe she'll be on par with Link.
And why can't we just have the gender of Link be determined, can I have Ganondorf be a different gender, can I have Ganondorf be a sexy woman, is that an option on there?
I mean, does he have to be some evil dark elf troll thing?
Who knows, who knows. I believe, do any other genders, like when you pick a femshep versus an mshep, do any other genders of characters change in Mass Effect? I don't think so.
No.
No, but your love options change.
Yeah.
Which is a whole other issue, but anyway.
Well, there's some, I'm trying to find the artwork, someone did a very good gender swap Link, not a Linkle, but a gender swap Link, and I'm hoping to find that picture, so I'm going to put it in the chatroom.
Let's see, AkumaJP in chat says, bingo, at Loki, regarding the amiibo thing, and actf says, if they haven't announced a Linkle amiibo, I don't think they'll do it now.
Oh, come on, please, we're not going to do it now. No, they will.
Maybe not for Hyrule Warriors, but for wherever Linkle's next appearance is, perhaps.
Alright. Oh, you're pasting a picture in our chatroom over at live.vognetware.com? Sounds good.
Alright, it's pasted.
Alright, well let's move on. Let's talk about another game that a lot of people want to know more about, and that is Final Fantasy VII, the remake.
And do you remember the controversy a few months ago when it was revealed that Final Fantasy VII's remake is going to be episodic?
And everybody was like, fuck that shit, because I'm not paying one disc at a time and all this other stuff, right? People were not very happy about that.
But there was some other folks that were thinking, well, wait a minute, with as much as they're going to have to redo in Final Fantasy VII,
there's probably going to be a lot more than there was in the PlayStation version versus what will be in the PlayStation 4 version.
And it turns out that is what essentially is being confirmed this week, is that Final Fantasy VII's remake, the episodic strategy, it's not going to necessarily be a one-to-one ratio.
In the new issue of Game Informer, each episode is a full-scale game on par with installments of the Final Fantasy XIII sub-series.
Interesting comparison there, and also a controversial one in some ways, because some would say that the Final Fantasy XIII series was unnecessary.
Some would say I would not be one of those people, although I would say XIII-2 was better than Lightning Returns, but that's, you know, whatever.
But anyway, so yeah, that's what they're going for, is that yes, it's episodic, but we're talking about like three full games, like Final Fantasy XIII was three full games.
So again, that and the latest Game Informer magazine, who I guess have talked to the folks behind it and have played a little more than the rest of us have there.
So I am still very curious to see what this looks like. I, come on, I practically, I don't want to say I grew up with this game, but this game like defined like my college years.
I'm going to buy this game pretty much no matter what. So, and maybe that just makes me the sucker, but I have a pretty good feeling that it'll be worth it.
It'll be worth it. Yeah, I think it'll be worth it. We'll give it a chance. We'll see how episode one plays out, and if it ends up being like Sonic 4 episode one, then maybe I just won't get the others.
But I have a pretty good feeling it'll be fine.
I think you go and play the whole Advent Children stuff too. I mean, that'd be pretty awesome.
Yeah. Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, I just had to laugh at this because someone had actually linked me the ad before, but Drumpf, because I refuse to say the idiot's name, the Republican presidential candidate, did, he tweeted a video that has footage and audio of him in the Mass Effect 2 trailer.
Now, his campaign didn't have anything to do with actually making the trailer, but I guess one of his fans did, but EA didn't like it and issued a DMCA takedown.
It's funny because some people think that this is an issue of fair use. However, EA's whole thing is that, and I'm going to read the quote,
So I wonder if this is something that's going to be listed as a true fan mashup or a parody, or if it's something that truly does negatively affect the image of the company.
I mean, if that jerk face was associated with anything I did, I wouldn't want his name on it.
You know what this really reminds me of, and regardless of how you feel about him, this just reminds me, and you see this all the time, this reminds me of the musicians where the politicians will use their song.
Like, didn't that actually happen with that same candidate? And I think it was Twisted Sister, of all people, who, man, Twisted Sister was awesome.
Born in the USA and Reagan was using it? And told him not to?
We're not gonna take it, right? And then Twisted Sister was like, please stop, or I'm going to sue you.
So really, it's like the same thing, except now instead of music, it's a video game, which I think says a lot about how far games have come.
Don't make me feel dirty playing Mass Effect 2.
Well, you know, you can't, you know what, some people are gonna make pornography out of Mass Effect 2, and, well, then again.
I'd watch that.
But maybe it's not the characters you want shipped, Dark Sakura. Maybe it's like, maybe Ashley gets with Garrus.
No.
Are you gonna let that happen, Dark Sakura?
It should be Garrus the Ride.
That's what they should call it.
Speaking of Garrus the Ride, no really, don't turn off, don't tune out, don't tune out.
Right.
That ride at Great America opens, like, in the next couple months.
I know, I need to go.
I can't believe I'm sitting here on the show saying this. We need to go to Great America.
I know, right? Well, you know, it's the same room that the seventh portal was in, which was literally the last time I'd been to Great America, was when we saw Margaret Cho, and I got flirted with by a cute lesbian in the bathroom.
Oh my god, how many, that was pre-OLR. That was a long time ago.
And I played Planet Harriers. And you saw, you remember how excited I was to find a Planet Harriers?
Yes.
And I don't even think it's there anymore, which is sad.
I remember that day very well. I was with one of my exes, the same person I was with when OLR first started, which was a long time ago.
And I wanna say that, I know Jessica was there.
And I remember that was the day when you said, you know, I love Dan, and I don't ever wanna, you know, be apart from Dan.
But if Dan and I do ever break up, I'm gonna marry Margaret Cho.
Yeah, I remember that.
That was like the day you made that decision.
That was the day.
You put a ring on it that day.
I put a ring on it.
A backup ring.
That Margaret Cho would be my backup wife.
Anyway, good times, good times.
I don't know, though. I've got, like, new backup wives.
Kaijito in chat says, is Mass Effect still a thing?
The week we were off, actually, some gameplay from Andromeda leaked.
Just a little bit, and I think it was like a pre-alpha build, so you probably shouldn't read too much into it.
But I think you'll hear a lot more about Andromeda out of E3 this year.
And I fully expect that it's gonna be one of the games that EA is pushing at their little satellite show.
Since I can't say that they're pushing at E3, because they're not there, but that EA is gonna push at their satellite show.
So, yes, I think there is still, I mean, who's to say if the new Mass Effect is gonna be any good or not?
But we're hoping. Here's hoping. Fingers crossed. Toes crossed.
All right.
SSJ-100 Matt in chat.
But would Margaret Cho pull over for coffee in our saga?
It doesn't matter, because I have Dan, and Dan is wonderful.
And Dan does pull over for coffee.
Dan does pull over for coffee.
After a lot of reminders.
Dan!
Dan, I need caffeine!
Dan!
I was so angry that day.
That day?
Oh, girl. Okay.
So you know how some people get hangry?
Hangry? Oh, that's me.
I get hangry.
I get caffeine angry.
Ask Allen. Ask Allen what happens if I don't go, or if I go without eating for like six hours.
I get caffeine angry.
Caffeine angry.
Hangry. I gotta use that more often.
I'm hangry!
Oh, goodness.
Let's see.
In our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
Bonds006 says, Rob, don't read too much into it.
Hello, Rob. We gamers read far into anything game-related.
And from Lord Gabe.
Oh, that is true.
You know, today is
April 10th.
And April is the fourth month.
And if you take four and you subtract one and then you subtract zero,
you get three. Half-Life 3 confirmed.
Hmm?
Yeah, we definitely need to go to our next story.
Loki.
So, there's a brand new game being made by the
creators of Rust.
It looks very similar to Minecraft.
Like, a little too similar if you ask me.
But, it is a VR version of, like, a Minecraft type game.
Called Chunks.
And what's kind of cool about it, though,
is not only can you use, like, the Vive controllers sexually,
you know, build stuff in there,
but it has a roller coaster tool as well.
So you can actually, instead of just your typical mine carts and stuff like that,
you can pretty much just draw your own roller coaster.
Which is awesome.
Because we like, you know, roller coasters in VR.
Roller coasters in VR.
So, it's going to be coming out very soon.
I want to say on the 12th of April.
And they're going to be charging $19.99.
And it's going to be on early access for about two to four months.
Same $4.80.
Steam proper.
So the game is called Chunks?
Chunks.
I can't hope it has Chunk from the Goonies in it.
I'm afraid it does not.
No truffle shuffle?
No truffle shuffle.
Fuck this game. No, I'm just kidding.
It sounds awesome.
It looks pretty cool. I mean,
I'd pick it up if I had, you know,
a computer that could run VR in the Vive,
and all the things that would be essential.
Or if you actually had a Vive.
Because I don't know if you've been following Bobby Blackwolf on Twitter,
but apparently getting a Vive is a challenge in itself.
Or giving money to the Vive people is not a problem.
Getting that object to actually be delivered to your house
is apparently a bit of a challenge.
Well, I understand that. I mean, anything is a challenge with Valve.
I mean, how long we've been trying to get them to make Half-Life 3.
It's a challenge.
At least they're not shipping on, you know, Valve time.
Because you'd be fucked.
They've only sent out three Vives.
And you know what that means.
They're really far behind from their estimated delivery schedule.
Apparently. Apparently.
Well, let's talk more about Rust,
because Rust is another game from that same creator.
And I've got to admit, I've heard a little bit about this game,
but not a lot. But I know it's one of those open world survival games.
But I'm hearing that, like,
you get a lot of people that get really powerful,
and all they do is they pick on the lower people,
and it kind of takes some of the fun out of it,
is what I'm hearing about this game, Rust.
I don't know. I haven't played it myself.
That's just my perception based on other people I've talked to.
But I still think the concept sounds really interesting.
So I'm kind of wondering if you can have, like,
a more closed off world that's just you and your friends,
and you all agree to, like, not be dicks.
I don't know. If any of you guys have played Rust, you need to let me know.
But I thought this was very interesting about Rust,
is that earlier we had talked about Rust.
Actually, I don't know if we had talked about it here on the show.
But I know the news had come up previously that
the size of your penis in Rust
was directly tied to your Steam ID.
In other words, you had no control over the size of your penis in Rust.
I think it should be really connected to your Steam library
and the amount of games you have.
That's going to get people to buy more games.
I'm telling you.
A literal e-penis. A literal e-penis.
Well, but here's the thing now.
Here's the thing, is that although the talk was all about peni,
previously, here's the thing, now in the latest update,
Rust has also tied gender assignment to your Steam ID.
You will not have a choice if you are male or female.
And I am assuming, if you're going to ask that question about boobs,
because that's where you're going to go the minute you hear females,
right DarkSakura?
She's nodding.
That is probably also determined on your Steam ID.
I'm just going to take a lucky guess.
You probably do not get to really control any of those factors.
Well, I mean, what about the penis size on them too, though?
I don't know.
I have not played Rust myself to know how that all works yet.
But this is the interesting thing.
I read the letter from the developer about why they did things the way they did.
And it was very, very, like, I don't want to say it was shady,
because it definitely wasn't shady, but it was just very much like,
I don't give a flying fuck if you don't like this type of thing
in the way that it was described.
I kind of loved it.
I wholeheartedly agree with that opinion.
That really should be the developer's opinions.
Most developers out there should have that opinion.
Like, when people ask them to make changes to a game,
just like, I don't give a flying fuck what you want.
I made the game this way.
But conversely, if the developer wants to go,
I didn't think of that.
I have decided, based on that, I am making the decision to do this,
then that's fine.
You know what I mean?
But the buck stops with the developer.
Anyway, but here's the thing.
Gary Newman, the developer, actually said,
we're not taking the choice away from you.
You never had a choice.
A man's voice coming out of a woman's body is no more weird
than an eight-year-old boy's voice coming out of a man's body.
And then it goes on that the developer's blog,
oh, I've got to find, there was the best shade in here.
Where is it here in this dev blog?
Sorry, I know this is like terrible radio here.
Let's see.
We understand this is a sore subject for a lot of people.
We understand that you may now be a gender
that you don't identify with in real life.
We understand this causes you distress
and makes you not want to play the game anymore.
Technically, nothing has changed since half the population
was already living with those feelings.
And I was like, he does not give a fuck
if you do not like this change.
I got to give him props for that.
And that's a brilliant way to put it is that, you know what?
Other people, so it was great.
It was great.
And, you know, there's plenty of games that we play
where they happen to have a female lead like Tomb Raider
or Final Fantasy 13 or plenty of games out there,
but there could stand to be more, but there's plenty.
And it's not like, does that make you not want to play Tomb Raider?
Because you're missing out if you don't want to play Tomb Raider.
So anyway.
It's like all of those, you know, to quote Wil Wheaton,
the best word ever, whiny man babies who are complaining about Rogue One's lead.
Oh, yeah, that whole thing.
I still haven't watched that trailer. Am I on cool?
I haven't watched it either.
I'm interested in it though, but that's the best description,
whiny man babies.
Alright.
Moving on.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us before we get to release dates?
Well, did you hear about the crap going on with Siege of Dragonspear?
Oh, that's the Baldur's Gate thing, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
I have a Twitter account. Believe me, I've heard.
Well, to go ahead and tell, you know, explain to people what was happening,
there was a character named Mizana who is transgender.
And people were just flipping their shit about having a transgender character.
And then some people were going, oh, well, it has to do with the exposition in it
and that, you know, what NPC is going to give you their life story
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Just going to throw that out there for these people.
There's probably a transgender character in your life somewhere
and you just don't know.
Just saying.
And I'll be honest, I think that it was a little bit shoving it in your face,
but I am happy there's a transgender character.
I mean, good.
It's more of one of those things that, and this is, I think, how it should be.
If there is a character that is not, you know, cisgendered hetero,
it should still be, so what?
That's what people are like.
It should be accepted as normal.
Go, huh, and moved on.
Because that is equality.
Giving, making a big deal out of it for the sake of making a big deal out of it,
that is not equality.
That's just how I feel about it.
However.
And just to be fair, for the trans people who happen to play this game,
that probably feels awesome to see, like, a representation in the game.
It does.
We heard a lot about that yesterday.
I know as a gay guy, when I see a gay romance plot in a video game like Mass Effect,
I'm like, I can't tell you how fucking happy it makes me that you and Kaiden,
as male Shep, can bang.
It makes me so happy, like, that that is an option that's available to you.
It's an option.
O-P-T-I-O-N. Option.
The thing about it is that, the way it was handled, it is, like, no big deal.
Because it's no big deal.
It's a choice that, I'm not even a choice.
It's, it's just how people are.
Yep.
And I like how that was handled.
You know, but I'm also like that with, you know, women's issues with,
I'll just won't go into that anymore.
So, but anyway, there was a lot of just online harassment going on toward Amber Scott,
who was the writer for, one of the writers for this series.
And, so Trent.
I'm sorry, I'm just going to take a lucky guess and assume that Amber is not being harassed because they didn't write enough on this character.
I'm going to guess that's probably not where the harassment is. Am I right?
Well, Trent Oster, the CEO of Beamdog, the developer, basically went and said that bullying isn't going to work.
And that being abusive isn't going to do anything.
And I'm going to read the quote.
So, and he said that, you know, he admits that the inclusion could be better.
In retrospect, we am reading the article, in retrospect, it would have been better served if we had introduced a transgender character with more development.
This is a lesson that we will be carrying forward in our development as creators, and we will be improving this character in a future update.
Great. So, we talked about just a minute ago, developers should be able to do whatever they want.
And so, the dev says, okay, you know what, you gave us that feedback, and you know what, we're keeping the character the way that they are.
But, you know, maybe it was a little, like Darcy said, maybe it was a little too like blatant, so we need to develop it better.
So, we're going to give it a better story. Cool.
I'm just going to, I'm just super looking forward to the day where, and I'm not trying to make it sound like it's not an important issue.
But I'm looking forward to the day where it's not an important issue. Does that make sense?
When everything is taken in stride, when there is an acceptance to the point that it is just as accepted as a cisgendered hetero couple or person, that we have that same level of acceptance and equality for everybody.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I am anti-censorship. I demand you remove this offensive content from your game. Do not censor me.
It's a little parody there. Alright.
And I hope the way that I said that makes sense.
It does. It does. Anyway, let's move on. However, there's much more to talk about. In fact, we got to talk about what is actually going to be on the shelves in the gaming stores near you this week.
So, let's check out release dates, starting with Loki.
Well, on PlayStation 4, we have Ratchet and Clank. So, that's going to be coming out.
Dark Souls 3 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, as well as PC.
And last but not least, Bravely Second and Lair on 3DS.
I have a feeling that's the one that a lot of people I know are going to be getting.
I still haven't played the demo for Bravely Second. I need to get on that.
So, alright. If that's it, let's travel over to Japan and check out what's coming out this week in Japan.
In Japan, on the 14th, we have Republique on the PlayStation 4.
Skullgirls Second Encore also makes its way to the PlayStation 4.
And Divinity Original Sin, excuse me, Enhanced Edition also on the PlayStation 4.
On the Wii U, nothing because Star Fox Zero isn't until the 21st, but at least you have that to look forward to.
On the Vita in the meantime, Skullgirls Second Encore is really the only release on the Vita this week.
It's a slower week on the Vita.
But on the 3DS, nothing. I'm kind of surprised to see that. There's nothing on the 3DS.
Terraria is the next release on the 3DS in Japan, and that is not until the 21st.
So, not as busy of a week in Japan, it appears.
Dark Sakura, how about Europe?
Very few things. We just have Dark Souls 3 on the PS4, Xbox One, and PC, and that's really about it until the following week.
Alright. We have just a couple more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of disappointing.
The Studio Gaijin Games, which is, I guess, choice provisions in North America, has closed its San Francisco office.
Over the past few years, the game industry has changed so dramatically that a mid-sized studio operating as we have for the past several years just simply can't continue the same way.
And so, you know, they've unfortunately had to close their office. I didn't really see how many people were affected by that, but that still sucks.
Yeah, I didn't see the number of people either, and that sucks because that's a fun series of games.
But I guess things have kind of slowed down. Like, I don't know, what was the last bit game they put out?
I know there was Bit.Trip Runner 2, which was on, like, every platform.
And then they had that collection on PlayStation 4, because I know that was a big thing that came out of the PlayStation Expo that they had at the end of last year.
Well, their latest project was a game called Tharsis, and I guess it had some issues with that game, although they're saying that's not why the studio closed.
That's too bad. We never like to hear about layoffs in the industry, but hopefully the folks affected will be able to find work somewhere else relatively quickly.
Let's talk about another game. Oh, this is a game that's, like, on my Steam link thing, like, ready to play, and I really want to check this out, because so many people have told me I need to play Life is Strange.
And I really do want to get around to that, just, you know, time. But the folks that have played Life is Strange, there's a lot of hardcore fans.
In fact, some fans are going so far as to demand a sequel. Oh, by the way, they're not just demanding a sequel. Some fans went and made a Kickstarter for it.
That's right, there's a Life is Strange 2 Kickstarter, or was, I'll get to that in a minute. There was a Life is Strange 2 Kickstarter out there with the aim to raise $20,000.
This is, I guess, in an attempt to get the developer to notice that the fans are eager for the sequel, and they want to give the studio the funds that are needed for the project.
So, interesting, but it didn't last very long. The Kickstarter was shut down within minutes. No hours, but still, it was, like, not even a day, and the Kickstarter was taken down.
And you can probably imagine why. You can't really raise money for a game that's not yours, but regardless, it sounds like a lot of people want that Life is Strange sequel to happen.
Alright, and DungeonBuster in chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com says, Life is Strange is so good!
AkumaJP, trying to explain why there's not a busy release schedule in Japan this week, saying everybody is still busy with Yokai Watch, oh, I forgot that came out in Japan, and DQM.
So, there you go. Meanwhile, we gotta get busy with a classic video game, Dark Sakura.
Going old school.
Alright, we're gonna go old school. We're gonna step into the gaming vault, where Dark Sakura finds the game that she thinks, hey, you should be checking this out this week.
Between your indie games and your randomly generated penis sizes, you need to check this out. This was back in the day when you didn't have any of that online garbage and Kickstarter.
This is a classic. What is the classic game of the week, Dark Sakura?
Fantasy Zone The Maze. In Japan, it was just known as Oppa Oppa, which is, of course, the main ship character with cute feet and wings from the Fantasy Zone series.
It was originally an arcade game, and made it onto the Sega Master System as a home console release. Some people like to call it Fantasy Zone 3, but it really is kind of its own different game.
While the other Fantasy Zone games are called, quote, cute-em-ups, Fantasy Zone The Maze is a maze puzzler.
So, basically, it's kind of Pac-Man-like, but you collect coins as you go, and you spend them on weapons in different places in the stage.
And then you have to shoot down enemies. And the dot's going to turn red over time, and when it turns red, an enemy will spawn.
The only way you stop it is by passing through the dot, and then when you do, the process starts over.
And when you finish the stage, you get a certain amount of points at the end, depending on how long it took to complete the level.
There are also bonus stages where you collect coins in a limited time.
So you play as, um, two ships. Player 1 is the Oppa Oppa, and Player 2 is the Oppa Oppa.
So, um...
But Player 3 is the Oompa Loompa.
No.
The Sega Master System port and the original arcade version were in the Fantasy Zone Complete Collection for PS2.
Um, there's not really much else to say about that one. It's cute, it's novel, and it's Fantasy Zone, which means that makes it automatically a winner to me.
That's it. It came out in 1987. You're welcome.
So, that's it.
There it is. Fantasy Zone. The maze. It's Pac-Man-esque, but that would be way oversimplifying it. There's obviously more going on here.
Oppa Oppa.
And, uh, actually in chat, over at live.vognetwork.com, actdef says, I recognize this song. It's on Taiko no Tatujin Vita!
Um, also, wasn't that just kind of a remix?
Well, it's just the remix of the Oppa Oppa music.
Yeah, which is...
Ah, guys, yeah. The main theme, right?
Yep.
A little remix there.
Uh, alright, so, uh, we're gonna take a quick break, but when we come back, we've got plenty more show to come, including rapid fire news tonight.
Uh, some news on a Mega Man cartoon. One of Dark Soccer's favorite websites closing their doors. That's kind of sad, so we'll talk about that in the next segment.
I am pissed.
And then we're gonna talk about, uh, your calls as well. 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. All one word.
Uh, we're gonna take a quick break. We'll be right back after this with more of OrangeLoungeRadio.
Welcome back, everybody, to OrangeLoungeRadio. Live toni- Excuse me. Boy, coughs suck when you're doing live radio. Sorry about that.
Uh, we are live tonight with episode number 637 of our show for this April the 10th of 2016. Our show already in progress.
Back after the awesome Sack Indie Arcade event yesterday. Looking forward to hopefully attending more events, um, throughout the year.
Uh, I can mention that, uh, Dark Soccer and I, at least, we will certainly be back at GamerX this year.
Um, that has all been filed away and taken care of, so at least there's that.
Um, I'm- I know Bobby Blackwolf, myself, and I'm sure plenty of other people from VOG Network. I just don't know all who yet.
We'll also be in attendance at DragonCon, for those of you in the Atlanta area or really anywhere in the south.
Uh, cause everybody converges on Atlanta, uh, over Labor Day weekends, there's that as well.
Hopefully some more, uh, cons and things of that nature as well, um, to look forward.
I know there's one- another one that I'm gonna try and work on, uh, so we'll talk hopefully about that in the future.
But anyway, for now, we want to get back into some gaming news. We're gonna do some rapid fire news, starting with Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of a cool story, um, apparently this guy, uh, Peter Bryan reached out to Sony because he had problems with his DualShock 4 due to, um, his illness.
He has cerebral palsy, and because of that he had some issues when he would hit the touchpad, um, with his hand.
It's very sensitive, it would pause the game. So, Sony actually, um, created a custom controller that had, like, some tweaks to it.
Including dis- uh, dislabeling the touchpad and adding a new button to act as a touchpad.
I think that's pretty awesome that they went that far to take care of him. So, bravo Sony.
Um, if you actually played some of the Minecraft story mode, um, you'll be happy to know that the skins from the characters from that series, uh, from Telltale are actually available for free, temporarily.
So if you have the Pocket Edition of Minecraft, uh, for iOS or Google Play, or Windows Phone, or the Windows 10 Beta for those.
Or the Console Editions for Xbox One, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, it is free for the first week. After that it's $3.
I did not see Wii U on there, so I'm not sure why they don't get the free version of that, so, that's kind of lame.
Because that's what my son plays it on. But hey, I'll download it for free. Because it's free. I like free.
Finally, uh, Bethesda, they have some more, um, details on their E3 2016 showcase. It's going to be on June 12th.
And on top of that they're going to have some, uh, extra things that are going to be part of that. Including a band that will be taking the stage at 9.
And then they're also going to have, uh, some other, some announcements and they're going to be showing, you know, um, some more stuff for Fallout 4 and, I don't know.
But, uh, yeah. And then I guess they're saying that the stream will be starting at 6.15 Pacific Time.
So much for OLR. Thanks Bethesda. Appreciate that. It's alright. E3 week always tends to ruin everything.
But we'll, we'll figure something out. I have some clever ideas for how we might accommodate this unfortunate situation. So stay tuned. That's all I have to say.
I'm just saying, I mean, I'm actually pretty excited because this week also, one of the things I forgot to mention, is this week they also do have the, um, the next piece of DLC that's coming out for Fallout 4.
And I'm pretty excited about that because the last piece wasn't that bad. This one you can add more stuff for, um, you know, building your settlements and everything. You can create traps.
You know that's all Alan, like, plays these days, right? He's played so much. I think he finally beat it, but he said there's still a bunch of side stuff he has to do.
Oh god, yeah. Because it's, you know, like Skyrim. I mean, I've been playing more of the story, you know, actual storyline in the game because I was doing all the side stuff.
I just kind of want to finish it. And I was going to start a new gameplay, or playthrough, but they've gotten rid of all my exploits and I'm not too happy about that.
Maybe when the mods come out and they can cheat again. Because that's half the fun. I mean, you spend all this time building yourself up, you know, I don't want to have to play through the whole thing again, grind for all that stuff. You know, that's not fun.
Well, let's move on and talk about Quantum Break on PC. You know, when I was doing my review earlier, I was talking about Quantum Break on the Xbox One, but I made an illusion of the fact that, you know, because some people said,
Well, Rob, when you say it's an exclusive, it's also on the PC. And I said, yeah, well, because there's some news this week that the Windows 10 version, it's a little rough. Apparently it has some frame rate issues. There's no quit game button.
That's ridiculous.
You know what it reminds me of? Do you remember when Final Fantasy 13 first came out for the PC? This really reminds me of a lot of the same complaints.
No, it's the fact that it doesn't have a quit button. Is that because, like, Windows 10 apps, you kind of drag and dump to the bottom of the screen?
I have no idea why it does not have a quit game button. But, yeah, apparently Nvidia hardware will also crash the game often.
The game will not run 60 frames a second on a 60 hertz monitor, even using an Nvidia Titan X. A frame rate matching the refresh rate on a user's monitor isn't possible.
Yeah, so, you might want to think about that before getting Quantum Break. This is probably just part of the growing pains with DirectX 12 API.
A lot of people also blaming with the Universal Windows platform, saying this is a disaster for UWP and it's already dead.
It's like games for Windows Live all over again.
History is repeating itself a little bit. Well, we'll see.
Hey, Loki was talking about Bethesda a minute ago. How about Doom? Doom is out in five weeks. Did you know that? The new Doom.
Obviously, if you want to go play classic Doom, go have a ball. But, new Doom is out in five weeks.
And, already, $45 worth of post-launch content is planned for Doom, because that's the day and age that we live in.
But, you can get a deal for 40 bucks. You can get a season pass. How about that? So, a little money off that.
Or, you can wait a year and play $40 for the whole thing.
Game of the Year edition. That's right. Or, even by the holiday on a Steam sale. You can probably get the Game of the Year edition.
Three premium multiplayer packs are planned for the months following launch.
The first one is scheduled for summer. It will have three new maps, one weapon, one playable demon, one armor set, a piece of equipment, new hack modules and taunts, customization colors and patterns.
So, this is for multiplayer online?
Yeah. So, if you don't have it, you don't get to use it. I'm assuming you'll see other people with those taunts and things, but, hmm.
Anyhow, yeah, $40 for the season pass if you want that.
Moving on, how about a story about Hideo Kojima? Because, you know, even though Kojima hasn't really done anything in a little bit since, you know, Metal Gear Solid 5 has been done and out there, and we all know what happened with P.T.,
it doesn't mean we don't stop showering love on the man who was done so wrong by Konami.
Hideo Kojima is going to be hosting a keynote presentation at the Develop Conference in Brighton, that's in the UK, and that will be later this year.
Joined by Mark Cerny from Sony, they're going to present a session called Industry Legends Discuss the Future, a conversation with Hideo Kojima.
That will be on July 13th, and Kojima getting an award, the 2016 Industry Legendary Award.
Well, they're letting him accept it now because he's not with Konami.
Yeah, he's allowed to make appearances at award shows now. So, congrats for Kojima.
Moving on, Dar Sakura.
Well, there is not going to be any more Rock Band 4, at least on PC. The crowdfunding campaign failed to meet its goal. It made only barely above 50%, so no, sorry.
Well, to be fair, they may find another way outside crowdfunding, but I still say there's a lot they need to conquer on consoles first, but we'll see.
Well, this face here, this is the bitch face of not caring. It's resting right now.
I'm kind of with you. Like, I just, I can't care about Rock Band 4 PC when I still feel, still feel like the Rock Band 4 we have on console is not what we were promised, but anyway.
Anyway, though this is better news, so guess what? We have new DDR! DDR ACE, and it's coming to Dave and Buster's. Some Dave and Buster's locations.
It's also going to be definitely running with the E-Amusement Network, and we don't know if they're going to be selling the passes or not, but hey, if they do, that will be awesome.
So it will be out Summer 2016. And then, David Hayter, speaking of being slightly bitter with Kojima and Konami.
So, he re-voiced Snake for a Ford commercial. This was part of this overdub video series, and this one is for the Ford Fusion SE.
And then, um, yeah. Sad. Why can't we have him back? He did have some kind of nasty things to say about Kojima.
Yeah, unfortunately, it was a messy divorce, unfortunately, but hopefully they can both find long, happy lives together just separately.
Alright, um, this is the part of the show where I would usually do the Foogle Question of the Week.
But I failed in asking a question, so we actually did not have a question posted to our Facebook and Google Plus communities this week. I apologize, that's on me.
Just because, again, I can't stress how busy I've been this weekend between the Sac Indie event yesterday. I actually went to a wedding this morning, and I certainly don't regret that whatsoever.
It was a beautiful wedding, and the cool thing about the wedding, I will say this, because this is the question I was thinking of doing. I was intending to ask this question, but then I had to turn around to show roll in like 45 minutes.
But, the question I was going to ask, my friends got married today, and they had a Star Wars themed wedding. And it was super fucking nerdy, and I mean that in the best possible way.
So congratulations, Amanda and Dan, even though I don't think you guys listen to the show, but your pals that I met you through probably do, because they are the hosts of GameBui.org, so I got to see them today for a little bit.
But I digress. So I went to a Star Wars themed wedding, and it was super cute. All the people in the wedding party had lightsabers, and they played the Star Wars music, and they encouraged people to dress up, and da da da.
So I was going to ask, because it also kind of made me think the Blu-ray was released this week as well for the new movie.
Our coffee arrived today.
Yeah. And I was worried. I asked this question already back in December, but I guess I didn't. I went back and looked at December's questions, but I didn't.
Because I would have thought I would have asked this when the movie came out, but I think we had an interview around the same week, so I didn't ask about it.
But I was going to ask, what is your favorite Star Wars video game? Because there's been a lot of Star Wars in video games. There's been a lot of really good Star Wars video games, and there's been other Star Wars video games.
But my question is, what is a favorite Star Wars moment in video games? So although I apologize to our Facebook and Google communities, maybe I can read at least a couple quick answers from chat if people want to let me know a favorite moment or game from Star Wars video games.
What about you guys here in studio? Sorry to spring this on you, but y'all are creative. DarkSagra?
I really liked the old school Star Wars arcade. I mean, I liked the newer one that they did in the early 2000s. I thought that one was pretty fun.
But I have to say though, one that came out not too long ago were the battle pods. And yeah, while those games usually make me motion sick, I have to say it was really fun.
So I would also like to give a big fuck you to all of the Super Star Wars, Super Empire Strikes Back, and Super Return of the Jedi for being hard as balls.
Those games are assholes.
They're assholes.
But they're awesome games.
Oh yeah, they're great, but they're hard as fuck. But I love the debug code, and you can just like speed through the level and see all the stuff that's funny.
I'll piggyback on that since I was also going to say the original OG Star Wars arcade game, the vector graphics.
I remember playing that shit when I was like seven years old in the sit-down cabinets at the Tilt Arcade at Sunrise Mall, which, shit, that hasn't been open since the mid-80s just to date myself a little bit.
But that game was the shit.
And when I go to California Extreme, which I think I'll actually get to go to this year finally. I haven't been in like five years. I'm so excited.
But when I go to California Extreme, I get so excited when I see that cabinet.
And the Empire Strikes Back too, but there's something very special about the original OG vector Star Wars game.
Which, by the way, some folks in chat are agreeing with that same answer.
Over in chat, over at live.vognetware.com, Dark Tetsuya says,
Gotta go with the Atari vector Star Wars game, arcade game too.
Brad from Pod Culture, our buddy over there on Monday nights, says,
Hands down the original arcade game.
Bobby Blackwolf says, Star Wars Galaxies spent way, way too much time in there right when it launched.
I think sometimes we forget, Star Wars has lent itself very well to a couple of large MMOs.
Some other people play The Old Republic as well. That's still going on.
Loki, what about you? I don't want to forget you. Star Wars game that you love?
I didn't really play that many of them.
The one that I love talking about connects Star Wars.
Because what the fuck were they thinking with that stupid dancing game?
I mean, come on. That is just fucking stupid.
But, yeah, I don't know. I didn't really play that many Star Wars games.
I played some of the Super Nintendo ones, and I don't know.
Do you want to hear about what an old grandpa gamer I am?
We were somewhere. Where were we? We were at a club or something. I don't remember what it was.
Oh, I think this was when we were in Tucson, actually, because I think my friends were there to overhear my old-ass grandpa gamer moment.
And this song came on, and I'm like, why are they playing this? Why are we at a place that's playing this?
They're playing the Han Solo song from Star Wars Connect, the I'm Han Solo, like that whole song.
And my friends are like, no, Rob, no, no. This is the original song. That was a parody of another song.
And this is the real song, Rob. I'm like, I have become that old man that's like,
I don't watch MTV. It's nothing but noise.
And apparently two new clips from Suicide Squad and Captain America Civil War.
Oh, boy.
Speaking of which, finally caught myself up on the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Did you? I'm still behind.
Yeah, I watched all the movies I missed.
I still want to see Superman versus Batman. I don't want to hear it. Look, I fully expect it's probably going to be bad.
But I sat through Batman and Robin. I can fucking tolerate a bad Batman movie.
I can do it this way. It could have been a whole lot worse.
Yeah.
It could have been a Joel Schumacher movie.
Right.
Can you imagine a Joel Schumacher Batman versus Superman?
Fuck off.
Oh, man, that'd be amazing.
Kaijuto in chat says, best Star Wars game was Jedi Academy, hands down.
Alan Alchemy agreeing. I really love Jedi Knight, Jedi Academy.
Dungeon Buster saying Dark Forces 2 is also up there. Huge love for TIE Fighter.
Bob Coffey says rogue leader on GameCube.
S.G.O. and Hunter Matt says, I was a big fan of the Jedi Knight series, mostly Jedi Outcast.
Act F says, Star Wars Battlefront 2.
So a variety of answers there in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Sorry I didn't get all the answers there, but there's a lot of chat going on.
So, great. Thank you.
So thank you for filling in for my lack of asking the question on FUGL.
But in the future, our Facebook and Google Plus communities will have a question every week.
Don't forget to answer it.
Honestly, you know, I haven't played them yet, but I thought about purchasing them.
Probably the Lego Star Wars games would be pretty good as well.
Those are pretty good.
Yeah, I've heard pretty good things about those. I'm not seeing a lot of that in chat, but...
That and the Force Unleashed, those games look kind of interesting.
But I never got around to playing those.
All right. Well, let's move on with some more gaming news. Loki.
All right. Let's see.
So, I don't know how excited I am about this.
But apparently, and I swear I didn't know they were even considering making this, but...
Hey, you know, we haven't gotten a new Mega Man game in a while.
But hey, let's make a cartoon series for it.
Why not?
So that's what they're going to do.
They're making a new Mega Man cartoon.
Apparently it was announced last year.
And it's being done with the creators of the Ben 10 cartoon.
And it's supposed to be coming out in 2017.
To coincide with the 30th anniversary of Mega Man.
Please don't suck.
And can we get a new Mega Man game that doesn't suck?
Yeah, I was going to say.
You know what would be awesome for the 30th anniversary of Mega Man?
A fucking game. That would be great.
Don't get me wrong. Anime has the potential to be cool.
You know, there's a lot of awesome tie-in anime out there.
But a game would be the bee's knees.
But with that.
Bee Man.
Just because something gets a series and then they go to make a game based off that series
doesn't mean it's going to be a good thing.
Especially off of an existing IP that people loved.
Like Sonic Boom.
And it just like was fucking stupid.
Please don't give Mega Man more friends.
He doesn't need more friends.
He needs more robots that have weird names associated with, I don't know, some gimmick that they have.
That he can absorb their powers from.
And that's it. That's really all you need.
Dartitsuyu in chat says, isn't there a Bee Man in one of the recent games, 9 or 10?
Actually now you say.
Like after the words left my mouth, I'm like, actually I seem to remember like a honeycomb level.
I would totally take though an Elmer Fudd Dr. Light again.
Because I'm going to kill Dr. Wiby.
I mean, it was so terrible.
Thank you, McManic.
Hey, did you guys play that Legend of Zelda browser game that was out for a hot minute?
I did.
You could play it in a browser, but it was like a 3D Legend of Zelda.
Dan played the crap out of that.
Yeah, not like Oculus Rift 3D, but like 3D pixel style Legend of Zelda.
And yeah, it was up and you could play it in a browser and guess what happened?
These things tend to do, we all know the punchline, Nintendo shut it down.
Although, you know, the creators took it in good spirit.
You know, they said, they said their quote, Nintendo has every right to protect their IP.
And they knew this result could potentially happen.
So they have no complaints and they even made some friends along the way.
So maybe some folks noticed what they did and might want to use, not saying it was necessarily Nintendo,
but anybody out there could have seen what they did and maybe want to put their skills to use somewhere else.
And to which after, you know, seeing all that, they're like, what's on the internet?
It's always on the fucking internet, bitches.
And that is also true. Once on the internet, always on the internet.
Because you know, there's that person who found it even faster than Nintendo that saw it and said,
you know, I bet Nintendo is going to take this down.
Right click, save as.
See you indeed. Bye-bye.
Yeah. So somebody's got a copy of it somewhere.
All right. Moving on. Dark Sakura.
Well, this is what makes me mad and sad and other negative things that end in ad.
Game politics is one of my absolute favorite sites.
I get probably the majority of my news from it.
It goes into a lot of the video game stuff that I really look more into, which is the social, legal, ethical side of gaming culture.
I mean, pretty much.
These are all the things that affect life other than this game's crappy, this game's good, you know.
So they are closing.
And this is, this is the personal insult.
Not personal, but still, I'm taking it that way.
It's going down the day before my birthday.
Well, they're going to stop doing updates on April 18th.
And the contents will still be up for a while before it is taken down for good.
And the ECA, the Entertainment Consumers Association that owns the domain and the brand, this is their decision.
So if you want game politics to not die, if you want to see this stay alive, everyone should write in.
Well, Jamie, at least they didn't do it on your birthday.
Girl.
What do you, Bobby talked about this at length on his show tonight, and he pointed out that game politics changed hands a few years ago.
The guy that started it, and I remember the individual that started game politics was actually very prolific on the emerging podcast scene.
Because I don't know if we ended up in an article.
Like, I feel like in the early days of game politics, like we were quoted, like one of our shows was in an article or something.
Don't you remember that?
I feel like something happened along the, it was a long fucking time ago, okay?
But I, or he emailed us or something, I don't know.
But anyway, the guy who started it is not the same guy who's been doing it.
Like that, it changed hands quite some time ago, but that didn't bother you, Dark Soccer.
You were still, you weren't necessarily about who was behind it, but you were about like, this is the angle of the news and this is why.
Yeah, I mean, it's just, I don't know, I think that we need stuff like this out there instead of just the more flashy stuff, does that make sense?
Yeah.
You know, like the drama of, you know, whatever Sony's doing right now, or, you know, this game has too much boob in it or something.
I think we need to see what goes on a little bit behind the scenes and the effect that games being such a big part of society now have as an effect in society.
We need to have exposure to this stuff because, you know, especially for adult gamers, this is what affects our day to day life.
What about the argument, just not that I necessarily agree with this, but just devil's advocate, what about the argument that Jack Voldemort's been disbarred, Leelanese in jail, the Brown vs. ESA, the Schwarzenegger ESA thing got thrown out of court, or sorry, it got, you know, Scalia actually was the one that wrote the report on that, that shut that one down.
What about the argument that we don't need it anymore because games are no longer the underdog that they were?
Except that I don't think that's quite the situation.
Is that I think that we do still have, maybe not necessarily the underdog angle, but there's still plenty of things that go on.
You know, for example, the whole, you know, bean dog thing with Baldur's Gate.
You know, clearly we do have still instances of harassment and social issues that need to be addressed.
I think it goes far beyond the, oh, video games are evil.
It goes into more of, I guess, more of an everyday angle, things that are going to have to reflect on the state of the world.
Like the other one about there about the Congressman Duncan Hunter, who...
Oh, yo, I didn't even put that on the show tonight, but, oh my God, Alan and I were talking about this in the car and having a laugh about it.
Because what, isn't he the big vaping Congressman that actually, what, he blamed his kid for $1,300 worth of Steam games in the library and all this stuff?
The 68 Steam transactions were put as, quote, personal expense to be paid back.
Yeah, the House Ethics Committee smacked him. He's under an investigation by the FEC right now.
So, but I mean, would you have known that? Would most gamers know that? Just reading EGM.
EGM came back, right?
Would they know this reading Game Pro or Nintendo Power?
They may have learned it on Twitter.
Pro tip, study.
Depending on who they follow. But anyway, no, I get your point because from, and the way I really feel, as much as, you know, I have to play devil's advocate on the show sometimes.
The way I really feel is that, okay, well, these things may not be an issue now, but it seems like whenever something goes wrong in society, video games will ultimately get blamed.
So the next time there's a shooting or something, we're going to be right back to where we were, blame the games. It always happens.
Well, I mean, and like, just to go over some of the important things. I mean, the issues that were brought up just in the very first page.
We have the Dragon Spear thing. We've got the Steam games that we just mentioned.
There's also IGDA criticizing Nintendo for firing Allison Rapp.
There's another one. There was the DMCA takedown of, you know, the Mass Effect Trump thing.
Lots of other stuff on here. I mean, that's just the first page and it's already a handful of really important information.
Things that are affecting, you know, everyday things, things that are, you know, speaking about not just the legal side of things, but how, and I'm not going to say ethics and reporting, but I'm going to say just general ethics in relation to how they apply to gaming and the gaming industry and the way people behave.
So it's lots of.
Well, Jamie, is it time to maybe start game politics to Electric Boogaloo led by Dark Sakura?
Is that, is that what, is that what America needs?
You know what?
What?
I just think that if I did my own version of, uh, and you know what I'm talking about?
Okay. If you have no idea what Dark Sakura is talking about, and I'm sure most of our audience probably doesn't give a shit, but I need you to try.
Go to YouTube. I need you to try. For Rob Roberts, I need you to try and embrace drag queens for a minute.
You need to go to YouTube and look up Katya and Trixie Mattel because they do a web series called, and I laughed so hard on the last episode.
I may have piddled.
I love it.
I have to explain Dark Sakura's in-jokes because it's just not fair otherwise.
So there you go. It's just referencing drag queens, everybody.
I know. And well, Dan blames you.
Good.
Good.
Good.
You're coming over tomorrow to see who's eliminated, right?
Maybe. Yeah, maybe.
Because I have it all on my Apple TV now.
Yes, I have. I have a season pass for season eight of RuPaul's Drag Race.
So anyway, if I did my own version of, uh, it would basically just be me bitching about people's behavior in video games in the industry.
How, I mean, I would have to dedicate like a part of the shit that I want to talk about to just how all of this relates to everyday life.
And then, you know, probably stuff about cosplay and bitches and, you know, and people that I don't like, I guess.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, why is it always going to come back to RuPaul's Drag Race?
I swear this is like the third week in a row.
I'm sorry. Is there a problem?
I don't see a problem anywhere.
You know why it has to keep coming back to Drag Race and why we're doing it because of you, really.
Because we know that you're going to bitch about it.
Yes. Dark Tetsuya, I'm actually just specifically for you, knowing that you are going to make that comment.
That is why we're going to mention Drag Race next week as well.
And probably the week after that.
And you know what?
And when I do it, I'm going to say, everybody take a shot in Dark Tetsuya's honor.
You know what, Dark Tetsuya?
Dark Tetsuya, I'll tell you when we're going to do it.
When we're going to leave off discussing it for one whole episode is when we get you in drag.
And I mean, shave the brows, shave the pits, get some padding, and we're going to Sephora.
That is when we will go an entire episode of not talking about it.
When we get you in drag.
William Murderface in chat says, Dark Tetsuya, you better sashay away now.
Look, we're picking on the guy who supported us for like 14 years, so come on.
So we're allowed.
Yeah, we're allowed.
Bobby Blackwolf says, Sky is narrowcasting at Dark Tetsuya.
Look, anybody who spent 14 years with this show, I'm going to narrowcast once in a while.
He just says, I can't.
I hope that's a can't even and not a traumatized I can't.
You're learning from this.
If you have learned the ability to can't, then you are getting somewhere.
All right, no.
It says that I dept.
We can't have RuPaul's Drag Radio because Rob already has reading as fundamental.
Yeah, that's true.
And who knows, maybe I will do my own version of...
All right, Loki, save us from this whirlpool, this pit of despair of Drag Race talk with another game story, Loki.
Yeah, let's talk about more rumors.
Woo.
Yay.
It's another NX rumor.
The only thing better.
And this is coming from a verified Reddit user.
That's right.
They've been verified as to what...
I don't know, but apparently here is the rumors that they have.
They have sources, trusted sources that have been verified.
So, it's supposed to be x86 architecture.
They're going to have some way to back up your data to Nintendo's servers,
like some sort of cloud saves or something.
Support for additional screens.
It can handle ports of current gen games.
And we'll be able to interact with smartphone apps or smart device apps.
And also using NX software will unlock my Nintendo reward points.
So, yeah.
And looking at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
Actf says, I trust the verified user, actually.
The moderator in the NX subreddit also runs the Amiibo subreddit.
SJ100Matt says, verified Reddit user is like a credible post on Neogaf.
You know what?
Here's the thing.
As much as we make fun of rumors, some are going to be true and some aren't.
That's what rumors are.
I think a whole shit ton, a lot of us,
fell for the whole mock-up of the controller thingy thing.
Okay, so we've all seen rumors gone wrong.
So if we're going to be a little skeptical of everything,
I think you all can understand why.
Right?
Are they rumors or trimmers?
And it doesn't really tell me anything about this.
About, like, what this device does.
Who gives a shit if I can unlock my Nintendo reward points?
If I don't want to buy this system, that's going to be completely irrelevant.
What exactly is this system?
But I guess we'll find out.
Yeah, thank God.
Thank God.
Two more months and we'll have these fucking answers
and no more of these goddamn NX rumors.
And I hope it's not like,
Huh. Okay.
That's different.
Dark Sakura, as far as this NX rumor goes,
are you going to toot it or boot it?
I don't know.
How much glitter is it wearing and does it have ankle straps?
Alright, moving on.
Let's talk about e-gaming.
And, you know, there's a lot of e-games.
There's a bunch of, like,
Heroes of the Storm stuff going on this weekend.
I see a ton of stuff on my feed.
I know. I've had friends that are there.
Aren't they doing stuff on ESPN2 again?
Yeah, they are.
Well, get this.
The British government is talking about an e-sports version of the Olympics.
The British government announced the very first e-games.
And, by the way, this is coming from the International Business Times,
which is a UK press source.
The British government has announced that the very first e-games
will be taking place every four years
and will act as the e-sports equivalent of the Olympic games
and take place in the host countries of every Olympiad.
So, meaning, this year will be in Rio de Janeiro,
which is where the Olympics are going to be, if you were not aware.
E-games is a non-profit organization.
There will be no prize money.
But, like the Olympics, it will use national pride and competition
to generate interest and draw in competitors.
And they're actually going to get the help of the International Olympic Committee.
So, although games are not becoming part of the Olympics,
games are now potentially running side-by-side-ish with the Olympics.
This is kind of a big fucking deal.
Like, I had to look at it.
I'm like, am I being punked right now?
Like, is this for real?
Because this is kind of a big deal.
So far, Brazil, Britain, the USA, and Canada have signed up for this.
They will have their own e-teams.
Each nation will be advised by the Olympic Committee
and the UKIE, the UK's video game trade body, to oversee the e-teams.
So, this is a huge step, I think.
It will be very interesting to see what comes of it this year.
I imagine it's not going to be as prolific and as out there as the Olympics,
but perhaps if you are running in the same circles now
that sees a lot of talk about Heroes of the Storm this weekend
on Facebook and Twitter and stuff with the competition that's going on now,
perhaps you are going to see a lot about this come summer or fall
or whenever they decide to do that.
I can't imagine they're going to do it at the same time as the Olympics.
That's just asking for trouble, but maybe a couple months after or what have you.
So, I think it's very exciting.
We will see.
I would love to go to one of these competitions.
Rio de Janeiro may be a little far for me, but where are they hosting?
Have they announced for 2020?
Isn't 2020 in Tokyo?
Am I crazy?
Where is 2020 in Japan?
Tokyo is in Japan, Rob.
I know that, but the Olympics.
Aren't the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo?
Hold on, I'll find out.
Okay.
Somebody in chat will probably find it faster than a Wikipedia.
Yep, 2020 is in Tokyo.
There's actdeft.
Now, that would be a lot of fun.
Akuma JP, make room on your couch in 2020.
All right.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week we read your emails, which you guys send to participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
And we will open up the mailbag and find that there are no emails this week.
Well, I will say this.
There was an anonymous email that was sent that had a bunch of stuff that was like, read me, read me, read me.
And with all my running around ragged this weekend and not get around to actually reading it yet.
And it also said, don't read this on air.
So, I won't.
But I'm just going to acknowledge I saw it and I'm ready to move on.
I am just ready to move on.
But you can send us emails, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Yeah.
But I will, I will give the benefit of the doubt and all that stuff.
I'm just saying.
There were very good points made in it.
And I would actually like to have a discussion with that individual just to discuss.
So don't, so don't be anonymous.
We're not going to bite your head off.
We want to know who you are.
We're not going to bite your head off because you have a different opinion.
And we're glad that you've listened to us for as long as you have.
I have a feeling it's somebody who already participates with the show.
Okay.
Just, I don't know, it's a wild fucking guess.
But if someone says that they want to, you know, not have their name right on air, that's fine.
Yeah.
We're good with that.
We're nice people, contrary to what you've read on Twitter or wherever.
Dark Sakura is like, eh.
All right.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
So you guys have to send us some more emails for next week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
So let's get to the FUs of the week.
A few to the headache returning and not going away until like now.
So, yeah, headaches the worst.
So, Loki.
FU2, whatever chess cold thing I have right now that's annoying because it's just like uncontrollable coughing and hard to breathe.
And I got to go to the doctor probably eventually.
But I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
I hope it ain't contagious.
I don't think so.
But I also hope you're okay.
None of my kids got it.
So usually that's, you know.
That's a good sign.
My FU of the week goes to my back.
When I was, God, here I go, grandpa gamer again.
But when I was moving, you know, I had to move the OLR computer and all that stuff out of here myself yesterday.
Which is fine.
I'm not, you know, being a baby.
But I packed the sound board and the monitor in one of the suitcases.
And I guess I just picked it up wrong.
I wasn't using my knees enough or something.
I hurt my back.
And it hurt so bad yesterday.
But I had to push through for the event, right?
Because I didn't get time to get my show face on.
So, by the time last night rolled around, I was invited to go somewhere else last night.
And it was just like, I can't.
Because I just have to lie here and feel sorry for myself.
I need to lie here and feel like hot garbage for a while.
Is that the line?
Is that the character in Undertale?
He needs to lie there and feel like hot garbage.
That was me last night.
And my back.
So FU to my back.
Alright.
Moving on.
We just have a couple more stories for you guys.
And then we're going to get to the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Thank you, ActDeaf.
It's Napstablook.
Because he naps.
Napstablook.
Alright.
Loki.
So, this is kind of a neat little thing that's been found.
So PunchOut.
Apparently the original PunchOut, or Mike Tyson's PunchOut.
It's been out for 29 years.
And apparently a Reddit user, Midwestern Housewives.
That's the name.
Discovered a little cue that's in the background.
A visual cue that tells you on when to be able to punch certain fighters in the game to knock them out.
And so, apparently there's this guy that's kind of like bearded in the background.
If you see him duck, that's the exact moment that you're supposed to punch them.
And then they'll be knocked out with one punch.
And I guess no one has ever noticed that until this time.
It's kind of like an Easter egg.
I thought that you could one-hit.
I remember being able to one-hit punch KnockOut Pissed Honda.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, you can do that.
But the thing is, to know when you're supposed to do that, that cue happens before he goes in to do whatever he has to do in order to do that.
I just remember as a kid, you look for the move he does, and you just kind of pray that you hit it at the right time.
Right, yeah. So before he does that move, that guy ducks in the crowd, and that's when you know it's done.
Yeah, I saw the video where you could actually see, because it was an 8-bit game.
So when we say, the guy ducks, it changes from one sprite to another, basically.
It's not the most fluid animation.
But yeah, it's still neat to find.
I mean, all this stuff aside, it's still neat to discover tricks and tips from a game that is so old, you know what I mean?
Exactly.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
ActDef says, didn't this cue be discovered by speedrunners already?
DarkTetsuya says, this was neat. You really have to work for that.
Well, lastly tonight in our main news, I want to talk about Mario Maker.
Because a few weeks ago, there was talk that Mario Maker was mysteriously deleting levels.
And apparently, on the support page of Nintendo, there's now a bit of an explanation as to why levels are disappearing.
And the explanation goes like this.
We sometimes have to delete courses from Course World.
Below are cases where courses can be removed from the server.
And believe it or not, they do list low stars and plays.
After a fixed period of time, courses with low stars and plays will be automatically deleted from the server.
They don't say how many, they don't say what the threshold is, they just say low.
Which I'm assuming is sort of a CYA thing where they can just delete whatever and say, oh, it was low.
But I just, I still, I don't want to beat a dead horse because we talked about this already a month ago.
I'm not sure I understand when you have the power of the internet and a vast space where you can put all the Mario levels your heart desires in the cloud.
It's up in the cloud.
I don't understand why you need to delete something just because it's low.
Maybe if it's like, literally nobody has played it but the user that created it, maybe I could see that.
But since they won't tell me what the threshold is, I don't know what to do.
Well, whose fault is that? That only the creators played it because you have no goddamn way to share levels easily aside from that stupid code.
Oh, but you can go on the website and you put in a code on the website and add it to your queue and you go to the queue on Mario Maker and then you can look in the queue for the level you want to play and then play that level.
So fucking stupid.
It makes no goddamn sense.
Please, my god, it is the year 2016. Can you fucking do internet already?
I mean, seriously, we have another console coming out possibly later this year or next year.
Fix that shit right the fuck now.
I'm just gonna put that on a shirt. Can you fucking do internet already, Loki?
Comcast, too.
Can I put that as a bumper sticker on my car? Can you fucking do internet already?
Uh, the chat room. The chat room is diving for cover. It's a Loki rants on the alarm.
Also, now not just the low stars thing, bugs.
Courses that include bugs that were unintended by either the course creator or the developers will be deleted.
It's important that we remove levels with bugs quickly because letting these levels remain in course world can lead to negative outcomes for many players,
such as players experiencing levels in unfair ways that the original course creator did not intend or rewriting world record times.
And then lastly, requesting stars from other users.
Oh, sorry, one more after this, but courses that are explicitly asking for stars from other players will be deleted.
For example, using words like like, yeah, and the star symbol in their course names.
Please change the course name when saving a course that includes these words.
And lastly, of course, inappropriate content, offensive behavior, that whole type of thing.
You can't spell out, you know, cunt in blocks and expect that that level is going to stay up because that's inappropriate.
So don't do that.
Alright, so, uh, there you go. Those are Nintendo's official explanation of why they take down levels.
Which is interesting that they explain some of them so well, except for the low, which is the one that everybody's focusing on.
Like, okay, yes, bugs. We get the bugs. Yes, don't put fuck in your level. We understand.
But the low one is the one that, like, their explanation kind of sucks.
And I would like to know more about the thought process behind that.
But we'll take what we can get.
In the meantime, Skype line is open. If you'd like to give us a call to talk about anything we've talked about tonight,
anything we haven't yet talked about tonight that you'd like to bring up or whatever's on your mind, give us a call.
In fact, Skype really is the preferred method in the year 2016. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
That same cell phone you used to call us could probably be used to use Skype, just saying.
In the meantime, I always like to check in with Loki at this point and say, hey, Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
I don't know.
Um...
Yeah, we kind of used a lot tonight, right?
Yeah, I don't really have anything.
Yeah.
I didn't forget to mention that I attempted the Blade DDR a couple weeks ago. That didn't go well.
Oh, because you're old? Because I've had that moment, too.
Yes.
Yes.
Alright, let's get to the phones, because the line is ringing. Let's do it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's the one and only Ranma. How is everybody out there in Sacramento today?
Fabulous. Thanks for asking.
Except for this whole business where when we were talking about OLR going off the air earlier,
you were the first one to say, I get the time slot.
Well, have you forgotten the part where Anime Jam Session is the baby brother of OLR?
So, of course, we're going to call dibs.
Yeah, I know, I know, but we are going to continue to pick on you as well as siblings do.
And we will continue to blackmail y'all in return.
Alright, fair enough. What's up? What's on your mind?
I'm going to talk about this whole FF7 thing where people are, I guess, they're kind of losing their proverbial shit because it's going to be a trilogy.
Yeah, the whole episodic nature of the remake. What's your take on it?
Look, we know the story of FF7. We know that when they did the game, they didn't cover every aspect of it.
So, we know that's what they're going to do. They're going to try to go into detail on the entire FF7 lore.
And if we're lucky, they'll throw a nod at some of the spinoff titles such as Dirge of Cerberus.
I was going to say, besides it was a trilogy, there's Dirge of Cerberus, FF7, and Advent Children.
Crisis Core as well.
Yeah, and also, they did say they wanted to go into detailing as possible.
It's going to be more of an action RPG. Did they not say that?
No, and I agree with you. You can see that in the gameplay. You know it's not going to be the same game, and you can see that based on the gameplay.
But I think the other important thing with the whole FF7 thing, and let's get one thing clear.
If you're expecting a shot-for-shot remake, except it's going to be in high definition, if you're expecting the voice acting to be word-for-word the script that you remember from when you were younger,
you need to stop and prepare yourself for something different.
This is akin to them remaking a movie. A classic movie in a new day and age. For better or for worse.
Yes, because if it was shot-for-shot and word-for-word, I think an hour in, I'd turn the game off and walk away.
What I am looking forward to is the fact that it's going to be an action RPG, it's going to be more detailing, the voice acting is going to be amazing, and they're going to go probably into detail into the full lore of FF7.
Which I think is pretty cool. And they did say it was going to be multiple parts. I mean, not for nothing.
Yes, the game is going to be on a blu-ray disc that's 50 gigs. Can I tell you this shit right now? At least 40 of those gigs is going to be the graphical content anyway, and the rest is going to be the storyline, so they're not going to be able to fit everything in there, even after you install it onto the console.
I'm sorry, I love this zinger too much from our chat room. Bobby Blackwolf says, Final Fantasy 7 is going to be recast with all women confirmed.
Well, I mean, Takara Zuka is quite popular. I mean, look at the Sailor Moon musicals. I mean, come on.
But on a related note, can we talk about the most overrated movie from my childhood, by the way?
What is it?
Ghostbusters.
Okay, we're not going to go down that road. We're not going to go down that road. You're on my personal Facebook. You already know my opinion of what that is, and it's legitimate.
I'm sorry. I know I'm going to hurt some feelings. I know some panties are going to get bunched, but I just think...
I have Ghostbusters movies on laserdisc.
I kind of think it's an overrated movie. I'm sorry. I don't think it's that great. I think I could name 10 other movies from the 80s that I remember better.
We can start with Gremlins. But anyway...
If you're saying that Ghostbusters is overrated, I'm going to say that Legend of Zelda, the one for the N64...
Can I remember the name? Because I just bought it. Here we go. Overrated time.
Overrated time.
And my first mask. Both of those games were overrated as fuck.
Exactly! They were the...
Guess what? I agree with you.
Try again, asshole.
You're a dick.
Well, I will say... Wait, wait. Put that... Keyboard warriors, stop typing. Hold on, hold on. Here's the thing.
I've grown to understand more after time has passed why people feel so strongly about Ogreen of Time as they do.
Keep in mind... Walk a mile in my shoes for a minute.
I had to go from Legend of Zelda, Link to the Past, to the Ogreen of Time.
And that whole 2D to 3D thing did not sit well with me and a lot of gamers of mine.
So anyway...
Okay, Brad from Pod Culture says Mass Effect is overrated. Now you're just trying to hurt.
I mean, not for nothing. I mean, he kinda has a point.
No, now you're just trying to be mean. Now you're just trying to be mean.
Come on, Rob. You kinda opened the door on that.
Alright, look, look. I didn't even get to say this. As much as I said all that stuff about the movie, two things.
The Stafe Puff Marshmallow Man is pretty rad. I'll give you that.
And the video game kicked ass.
And that's what I remember fondly.
And maybe that's why I feel the way I do, is that for me, Ghostbusters was never about the movie, it was about the game. For me.
But that's me.
Anyway, wow, we got from Final Fantasy 7 to Ghostbusters and it's all thanks to Bobby Black Wolf.
Somebody had to fire that shot.
I'm not the one that put the .357 in his hand. All I know is he had bullets.
Guns don't kill people, Rama. I kill people.
Oh, God. Now, now, now, now. You shoot like a stormtrooper, man. We're all gonna live. We're good.
Alright, I am now removing you from the program.
No, did you have anything else? Oh, seriously, did you have anything else you wanted to get out there before we let you go?
Oh, no, no. I just want my thoughts on the whole FF7 thing. People just need to calm down, enjoy it.
You're gonna get more of the lore and questions are going to be answered.
And if that's not enough, go fuck yourself.
I mean, really. These companies are giving, they're doing what they can.
If that's not enough, you can just go make your own opinion, have your own little fart circle, you know?
And then be like, rah, rah, rah, rah, rah. And then they'll be like, you know what, you're wrong, here's a middle finger, have a nice day.
Hey, no, I'm right.
And if you don't like it, go fuck yourself.
I'm gonna put that on my car, too.
I'm gonna get pulled over by all the cops. Anyway.
I agree. Everybody needs to calm their tits. The game isn't even, like, we don't even have the first gameplay demo of the game.
Everybody needs to calm down until we actually get to play the game. And then we can start to make decisions.
I will say this, though, as a bit of an aside, because again, this is the week we were gone, but the Final Fantasy XV demo...
Yeah, that was pretty good.
I don't know how many of you guys checked that out, but...
I forgot the mention I played.
Wait, wait, wait, FFXV, you mean Bros in the Hood? Okay.
No, this is more like, it's Kingdom Hearts, but it's not Kingdom Hearts.
Yeah, right? I was like, oh my god, I'm playing Kingdom Hearts 3, especially the level with the bricks and all that stuff.
But when I saw that trailer, I cackled when I saw the theme song was Stand By Me for, like, the four dudes on the bro trip, right?
But then I also had feels, because I'm like, oh my god, Florence and the Machine? Like, that woman is fucking perfect.
They're gonna totally poke a dead dude.
Brofancy XV.
That's gonna be one of the first battles, you know what, teaching you the battle system and everything?
It's gonna be a dead dude, your weapon's gonna be a stick, you're gonna have poke. Or run.
If you have not seen the gif of the dudes in the car, is Sephiroth trolling alongside them? I don't know. I don't know.
I'm willing to give the game a chance. Alan Alchemy in chat says, if the remake isn't up to snuff, they can just go write 500 more pages of fanfic, making it how they want it, like they've been doing since 1997.
Exactly! Alan Alchemy, he nailed it. That's exactly what it is. There you go.
There's a reason why I keep that man close.
As long as we can get some Haddaway in the car, and get them all head bobbing.
Has somebody done that YouTube yet?
I think, probably. Internet, don't let me down.
I'm pretty sure that's probably in existence already.
Rom, I gotta let you go to free up the line.
If it's not a YouTube video, give it a year, it'll be an anime con.
Awesome. Can't wait. Front row seat. Alright, take care my friend.
YouTube, bro. Bye. Bye.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
We're getting another call, coming in right now. Let's get to it.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, Rom!
It's Marissa, isn't it?
Yes, it is. How you doing?
Good, these are my favorite phone calls. What's up, Marissa?
Marissa!
Hi, kids! How's it going?
Good. It would be better if you were here, but I understand.
Yeah, dammit. I have a nicer car, but now I only get 22 miles a gallon, so it's very painful to look at that drive.
Travel and six hour drive. Well, what's on your mind?
I'm sorry?
What's on your mind?
I was calling to say hello. I guess you weren't able to make it to WonderCon this year, but that was a blast. That was a lot of fun.
Hopefully, you're gonna come down. I'm gonna just invent a convention for you guys to come down for.
I love that idea. And actually, a friend of mine, a really good friend of mine, Victoria, was that, for those of you that listen to guys on the show, she was on episode four.
I'm gonna call it fanfic, because I've actually written fanfic in my head where you and Victoria are friends, because you were both at WonderCon, and you probably even saw each other.
She was dressed as some Disney princess every day. No, she was dressed as the-
She was Lottie. She did Lottie.
She did Lottie, she did the wench from the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. And that's my favorite.
The redhead.
The redhead.
Marissa, if you come to Disneyland on my- I should say California Adventure on my birthday, or for my birthday, which is- I'm gonna be there on May 1st, so I won't be on the show, Rob, sorry.
Just tell all the listeners where to find you.
But Victoria will be there, and you two can meet, and the world can explode.
I would love that.
You know, actually, I do think I saw her, because I had another friend who was cosplaying as Ariel when she had legs, and there was, like, Disney princess or Disney-related people taking pictures, and the obligatory, you know, redheaded cosplay, so I dug out the Jessica Rabbit outfit, although I did not wear that on the subway. I brought a change of clothes.
That would have made for some interesting stories, though.
Now, Victoria has done a Jessica Rabbit at Rocky Horror Picture Show, so you guys have, like, a thing. You have the Jessica Rabbit thing.
If you have enough bust and red hair, like, you know, you have certain options of, you know-
Really? Because I haven't tried yet, but maybe I should.
I also thought of you two because I mentioned a certain program, I don't know if you're familiar with, I probably shouldn't, like, crap on them, but I was going to a comedy show, and I guess that they made the front room, which didn't used to be a room, at the place where all the stand-ups were going to see.
I know if anyone here knows Mike Polk, Jr., he does a lot of stuff on YouTube, I love him. All of a sudden we're sitting in the main room, and they're playing video games, and 40 minutes, like, into it, we realized, this isn't that the other show is running long, this is the show.
And I was like, oh my God! I thought of you guys, though, because although they have a large amount of success, it was not entertaining, and I wasn't being like, you know, like, Grandma, I don't understand these kids and their video game shows. No, it wasn't, you know, witty or entertaining.
You know, like, your ability to project, you know, to play video games in a comedy club, that's funny, but I mean, that's a fun idea, but you still have to, you know, be entertaining. So, that was, I guess that's the new craze of entertainment right here, like, you have a successful enough channel, you know, you rent out the various venues.
There's always gonna be that thing that so many people are into, like a TV show or a movie or something, and you're that asshole sitting in the back corner going, I don't get it. Like, literally the phone call we just took, Marissa.
Well, yeah, it's funny, because I'm not like one of those grandmas, because I know so many people that complain about Let's Plays and things like that, and I enjoy them, and I see why you like to share that experience. I see why when you have your friends together, and you're playing video game challenges together, you know, why that can be funny, but if you actually got, like, a bunch of really good comedians together, or even you guys, you're so funny, and did the same thing, it would be entertaining.
But nowadays, it's just like if you have an impressive amount of metrics, you know, and followers, that, like, the actual part of being entertaining doesn't matter. It's like one of those things where people are there taking pictures of themselves at the event to impress their friends more than the event.
I personally believe this, and not everybody agrees with me, but I really feel like the best Let's Plays are where the video game is secondary.
Yeah, you still have to have an interesting perspective, yeah.
Yeah, the video game, it's like an episode of Whose Line Is It Anyway, where the video game is just kind of the device, it's that prop, but it's really the funny people and the personalities that make it great.
Which actually makes me think, I would love nothing more than for, like, Ryan Stiles, Colin Mockery, Wayne Brady, and Greg Proops to, like, have a Let's Play channel.
Like, how is that not a thing?
Well, you know that somehow Patton Oswalt, given that he is so certifiably, you know, geeky himself, he somehow has to slip in there who's lying credit or not.
It's true.
His channel would be awesome, too.
That would be awesome.
That would be hilarious. I'm gonna go see him this week, too. Yay, we love Greg Proops.
Yeah, well, give him a big hug for me, because that man is awesome.
Marissa, I swear I'm gonna find a reason to come to LA soon. You know, a lot of people have been saying I should go to DragCon, because that is, like, the week after Dark Soccer's gonna be there.
In fact, I'm kind of surprised she didn't push her whole trip back a week to go to DragCon.
What? I didn't even know.
Yeah, RuPaul's DragCon is gonna be-
I can't take Dan to that, though.
Well, you could.
I want Dan to be there for my birthday thing.
But anyway-
I'm glad you have to, and I was talking earlier about taking the subway and how I didn't want to wear my Jessica Rabbit outfit, you know, because you don't have to worry about parking.
That is a day where I would want to just sit and watch people on the subway. That would be an interesting day.
What I'm trying to do with the new job, I don't have as much time off, because it's a new job. Like, my last job I was at for 14 years, so I had a lot of time off available by the 14th year, right?
So this new job, I don't have a lot of time off right now, but I'm trying to save pretty good, so that way in the coming years, I'll have a little extra time to do more,
Hey, let's go to Disneyland this weekend, type of trips, because right now I have to plan everything in advance.
Okay, well yay!
Alright, well Marissa, my dear, I'm gonna let you go so we can get one more call and then probably wrap up the show.
Okay, so maybe now I can actually eat and maybe bathe myself, since I've had this brief respite in between playing Stardew Valley, so that's good. Thank you.
Oh my god, are you obsessed with Stardew Valley?
Actually, I was, like, my boyfriend was wondering if he was gonna have to have an intervention until the latest update, my computer's a piece of crap. Made it too slow.
For what it's worth, Marissa, you're not alone. Like, Stardew Valley is like the new Minecraft, Five Nights, it's the new indie darling that people are obsessed with.
The first step is that you have a problem.
I get it.
Thank you so much.
Marissa, my dream is that we're gonna do a Let's Play someday for Stardew Valley. That's my dream.
Yes! We must make this happen.
Alright.
Alright, take care, my dear.
Alright, that is the lovely and talented Marissa calling us there on the Skype line, we'd love to hear from her.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, I'll give it just a minute there to see if any more calls creep in there.
While we wait to see if any calls come in here at the last minute, I just want to express again my jealousy of Dar Sakura getting to go to Disneyland, or excuse me, California Adventure.
But no, you know what, it's your birthday, you earned it.
Well, yeah, cause, you know, I grew.
I'm a little sad about your party, but I understand, don't get me wrong.
Well, that and, like, only, like, eight people said they could make it, and then I had another, like, feud to say they couldn't.
Girl, it only takes one person to make a party, and he's sitting right here.
Well, but I'm still gonna...
I can't come. I'm sorry.
I figured we could maybe do something on the show next week instead.
We could, we could look at doing something like that, we could get a cake, would Becky make a cake?
Becky, if you're listening, make me a cake!
Actually, that's super rude of me to volunteer her like that, but...
I volunteer Becky for stuff all the time.
For what it's worth, when I think of yummy cakes, I think of Becky, so take it as a compliment.
That's it. Becky, your nickname now forever and ever is gonna be Tasty Cakes.
Sorry, I do have a last minute story real quick.
Fine. We were gonna talk about cake, but we were gonna talk about a story.
Hey, I'm putting this train back on the rails, so...
Sorry, go ahead.
So, there's a company called Precision Syndicate LLC, and they're a gun manufacturer, and yes, they made a handgun that resembles a Nintendo Zapper.
Okay, I don't like that you're bringing this up for Dark Sakura's birthday, because you know she'll be like, I want a gun.
It's pretty awesome, actually.
No, I don't want a gun.
No, it does, I, as much as...
Maybe the Nintendo-themed Glock.
That is a Nintendo thing, but yeah.
But I don't want a gun.
You all know how I feel about guns, but when I do look at that Nintendo gun, I'm like, okay.
You know what surprised me, actually? Because we get advertisements for a gun store nearby, and they sell handguns and assault rifles.
And I was like, dude, their guns are the same price as airsoft guns. Airsoft guns cost the same amount of money as a real gun.
What the fuck?
That's what I wanted to know.
Guns are accessible, what can we say?
I guess it's all the ammo that you have to pay for as well.
BBs are a lot cheaper.
That's true. Alright, well sadly the phone does not appear to be lighting up, so I'm going to go ahead and shut it down.
But if you do have anything you want to tell us for consideration in a future episode, please feel free to email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to participate with the show.
Thanks again to all you guys who have listened to the show tonight. Thanks to everybody participating in our chat room.
Thanks to everybody listening to us on podcast land or streaming radio, wherever it is that you're listening to the show.
Thanks for supporting the show.
Thanks again. I can't say this enough, and I don't even know if they'll hear this, but I just want to say thanks again to Gabe and Brie for including us as part of the Sac Indie Gaming Expo.
Yesterday was a fantastic thing. It was really truly an honor to be a part of it, and who knows, we may have even got some new listeners from that whole thing.
Actually, I can say this. I think I'm okay to talk about this. We met another local podcast there.
We met the guys from Video Game Bang, which, by the way, I still love that name.
And we are talking about Crossover Weekend. So, we're going to go there and they're going to come here. That's going to happen at some point.
And it's going to be neat because, you know, they're very, and if you heard their panel, you know, they're kind of different gamers than we are.
They play different stuff and they're into different things. When the Pokmon questions came up, they looked at us.
But then there's certain things I'm sure that they're into that we would go, huh? So, we're going to have a fun weekend whenever we get that planned.
That'll be in the coming weeks, so that'll be fun.
Alright, but in the meantime, we've got to shut it down for this week. Thanks again, everybody, for listening.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundrio, as I always say, tell a friend or two or twenty about the show.
Help us spread the word. This is a show where every gamer has a voice, but we can't get the voices out there if they're not out there listening to it.
So, your word of mouth and your referrals, your reviews on a place like iTunes or wherever you found this podcast.
Those five-star reviews go a long way and we really appreciate each and every one of them, so thank you.
If you take thirty seconds right now to write a nice five-star review, it would go a long way and we'd really, really appreciate that.
Meantime, it's time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts. Loki, good job after a month off.
Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I hope to work more on my game. It's just been really tired when we get home.
So I sit there, I'm like, yeah, I'm going to totally work on it. And then I watch YouTube videos instead, so.
I'm trying not to do that. I'm trying. It's just not happening. Brain doesn't want to do what I want to do.
I have like a mental block right now. It's like I have, I'm rewriting, because I went back to my original project that I started, like the first, first project that I was starting.
And I'm redoing everything on it. But I haven't worked on it so long, I don't know where to start, and I need to redo it all again.
So I kind of have to figure out how I need to redo it so it actually works better. And that's taking time.
You can do it. I believe in you.
Alright, Dar Sakura, your final thoughts tonight? Two things. Number one.
Number one, I regret that burrito.
That was a big burrito.
That was a fucking huge burrito.
But it looked like a delicious burrito.
It was the only thing I've had to eat today other than oatmeal.
I had a burrito in Tucson. I just wanted to share. You know, I never eat burritos. I was so fucking hungry after that Ingress May.
And you put something big, thick and meaty in your mouth.
You know it, girl.
After six hours in the sun, while I was hungover, after seeing, thank you very much, drag queens, the night before, playing Ingress for six hours in the sun, I was like,
Alan, I want a fucking burrito.
I'm proud of you.
Number two.
Uh.
I know you are not a big fan of the video thing, but I swear to God, we need to look at doing something like that.
That's what, well, funny that you mention that.
I, the thing that I kept trying to talk to you about yesterday, that was it.
So, we have to talk about it.
Alright, my final thought tonight is my back is being a jerk again.
So, I think I'm gonna do what I did last night and vegetate to MMOs and feel sorry about my life.
Oh, and feel like garbage.
Are your lovely lady lumps too lumpy?
My lovely lady back, apparently, are my humps in my back.
You know what, I don't want to think about that.
We're out of here. Goodnight everybody.
We will see you in seven days. We'll do this all over again.
Have a great week. We'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio. Goodnight.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
