This week Sony's plans for the first PS4 refresh, codename Neo, comes with a modest bump in power but will not cause any incompatibilities for existing console owners. We'll explain what this could mean along with the rest of the week's gaming news and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 638 of our show for this April the 24th of 2016.
My name is Rob Roberts on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, joined here in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California by my co-host, but not tonight, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. DarkSakura is off.
DarkSakura is actually going to be gone for this weekend next. Just the timing of some things really unfortunately didn't work out. DarkSakura is out tonight. She came down with laryngitis. She's got a doctor's note and everything y'all so she actually can't talk.
I don't know if she's going to pop in to chat or if she's napping but she's not going to be here tonight and sadly next week, well not sadly actually, I'm actually jealous of next week but next week she has her pre-planned trip to Disneyland, a little bit of a belated birthday celebration with Mr. Dan.
So sadly we're not going to hear from DarkSakura for a couple weeks but she'll be back in a few weeks. Joining me in studio tonight, I am joined by the one and only Techmaster, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Almost 100%.
Yeah, I was like, you kind of have like a sick thing going on yourself.
Yeah, the stupid kids are always sick and then they get us sick. I swear to God, it's like we were talking about it like how we're getting someone to stay home with the sick kids and they're fucking sick every goddamn week.
Like it's one thing or another, like our youngest son had like a fever for like five days and then my oldest son has a fever and I was like, God.
Well, I hope you're feeling better and more importantly, I hope you didn't give it to me.
I'm not feeling that great. I mean, I'm okay but I don't know. It's just had cold stuff and it could be allergies because I had to chop down a tree limb and so as I was doing that, I was inhaling the sawdust.
Oh sure, oh sure. Yeah, that's healthy.
And it was like, oh, it was also going into my eyes so like...
That's why you have those little like flu mask things you can...
Yeah, I didn't do that.
Yeah, whoops. That's probably a bad call. Maybe next time you want to do that.
So I'm probably having like allergies or something. As you can tell, I sound congested.
He said I'm not coughing so that's good.
I swear, something out there is trying to keep us down over the past six months. It's like we kind of joked at one point, oh, we're on track to have episode 666 for Loki's birthday but now maybe it'll be on Christmas.
Like that's kind of where we're at at this point. We'll see.
We were not here last week so I just quickly want to address that because it was a bit of an unexpected week off.
Like I said, we don't like missing shows and I know I've talked about this before.
Y'all know how I feel about missing shows. I don't like to do it.
But the reality of the situation is I got a phone call Sunday morning and my last living grandparent had died.
So she passed away at the age of 99.
I know a lot of you write about that on Twitter and I just want to say thank you.
I had written that on Twitter and I got a lot of real great responses and everybody said take all the time you need and so forth.
I really deeply appreciate that. Especially as we have been a little spotty with shows just in the past few months, not intentionally.
I just really appreciate that there's so many of you that have really stuck by our side and so forth throughout these circumstances that keep coming up.
I really can't thank you enough but I'm doing fine.
To have found out that particular day and that morning, it takes a certain amount of extravertedness to be able to do this show for three hours every Sunday night.
And that wasn't going to happen last week. It just wasn't.
I'm sure y'all can understand. There was that.
The funeral was Friday. It was a lovely service and everything.
My grandma, she was 99 years old so you can't exactly sit here and say, oh my god, it's a surprise! We're so shocked!
Wow! But still, it's never one of those things that you're necessarily prepared for.
But I think we're all very fortunate that she got to live so long.
I just want to quickly say, I think a lot of the nerdy genes in my family probably come from my grandma and passed down to my dad.
Both of them, my grandma and my dad, are super nerdy when it comes to things like genealogy.
And they were always really on the cutting edge of tech for things like that.
Like using new PC applications and Family Tree Maker and things like that.
And getting scanners to scan in photographs and all that stuff.
They actually were part of a society in one of the local neighborhoods.
All that stuff is really cool.
I remember growing up, I used to spend weekends at my grandma's house once in a while, once every few months.
And she was very enabling in a sense to me playing video games.
Like I could hook up the Nintendo to the TV, Super Nintendo. She might take me out so we could rent a video game.
I remember the first time I ever rented an import game for my Super Nintendo was at my grandma's house.
I want to say it was either Dragon Ball Z or Ranma.
It was one of the two, because there was a fighting, there was a Ranma fighting game on Super Nintendo.
It might have been that. It was like one of those two.
And I remember playing that at my grandma's house. That was a lot of fun.
And she was always the type that would play board games with me, which I think is video game adjacent.
So yeah, just some memories there. Thank you for indulging me for a moment.
But that is why, in a surprise, there was no show last Sunday.
So again, thank you guys very much for the warm wishes and understanding as we've been dealing with a lot of crap this year.
I mean, all of us, you know, not just myself personally, but obviously Dark Sakura being sick.
Loki with the kids causing God knows what situation to go on.
I don't know. But yeah, I really appreciate that, you guys.
Go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Live.vognetwork.com. We are right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, Sundays at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
And Tiger Claw in chat says, if Dark Sakura can talk, maybe she can use the device Stephen Hawking uses.
Maybe, but I think she's being told she has to sleep a lot, as sick people usually have to do.
So I think that's why she's not stressing it out too much there.
And then a lot of people saying very lovely things in chat, so I really appreciate that.
Dungeon Buster in chat saying, haha the Rama fighting game. I remember that.
Yeah, I'm almost positive that was the game that actually played on Super Nintendo.
Spoiler alert, it wasn't very good. It kind of came at the, you remember when Street Fighter 2 came out?
Well, maybe you don't remember this, but you maybe read about it.
When Street Fighter 2 came out on the Super Nintendo, it really kind of revolutionized things.
Right? I mean, it was a true, authentic, arcade experience.
And Street Fighter 2 was huge in the arcade, right?
But it was on consoles, you know, it was something.
And the Super Nintendo version was, I mean, for a 12 year old's eyes, arcade perfect.
Now granted, you could nitpick it and find things that don't make that game arcade perfect,
but for the time, it was a damn good translation.
I mean, you look at games of the past, you know, when they tried to put Pac-Man on the Atari 2600.
When they tried to put something like Crystal Castles on the 2600, blah.
You know, you try to put Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the arcade game on the NES.
They had to cut some corners of that too, remember that?
It was still pretty good.
It was still pretty good, but it wasn't arcade perfect, right?
But Street Fighter 2 was like, I think for a lot of us, was like that first big moment where it's like,
okay, shit, this is like arcade perfect.
So then a lot of people really jumped on to kind of capitalize on that success, right?
And, you know, I would even argue Mortal Kombat was a big part of what came of that, you know,
but I think that's a great thing and had all that competition.
But then there was the whole lawsuit because Data East came out with that game, Fighting Street,
that was very, very similar in a lot of ways.
That was a whole other mess.
So anyway, just, you know, there was a lot of fighting games that came out around that era in the Super Nintendo,
and unfortunately, a lot of them were kind of garbage.
And I would say the Rama game was probably one of those.
And Tigerclaw pointing out that, yeah, there was a Rama game on the PlayStation as well.
Yeah, very true, very true.
Anyhow, let us start off this week.
Usually we do a kickoff topic, but since we did miss last week's episode of Orange Launch Radio,
I want to get into a little bit of the what you missed with last week's news set to Holik.
So last week in gaming, rumors, rumors, rumors galore.
There is more NX rumors.
This one had to do with Wii U ports, that we were going to see ports of popular Wii U games on the NX,
including Splatoon and Super Smash Brothers, which I suppose isn't completely out of character for Nintendo.
But also rumors that there is huge, plentiful first-party support for the NX, which, I mean...
What? They're going to support their own console? You don't say.
This is the Pope Catholic, but I guess this is worthy of a headline somewhere.
Star Fox Zero, which came out this week, was getting its kind of reviews and was leaking some information last week.
And there was apparently a very lovely tribute to Satoru Iwata in the credits of Star Fox Zero.
So very nice to see them paying tribute there.
Animal Crossing last week turned 15 years old.
I remember very well when that game came out, so that just makes me feel a little bit older.
Microsoft confirming that their E3 press event is Monday of E3 week at 9.30 AM, the same time that it always is.
Final Fantasy VII Remake Producer talks about the fact that Final Fantasy VII is going to be in three separate episodes,
saying each episode is a complete game.
They compared it to, like, 13, which I'm fine with that.
I'm fine with that too, as long as, you know, they're all pretty good.
But I think a lot of people crap on 13 unnecessarily.
I feel like I'm the one in the room that will defend 13 more than...
I haven't finished 13, so I don't know.
You know, 13 had a great ending.
I understand where some people get a little bothered with the hallway.
It was just hard to follow.
The story was hard to follow for me.
Yeah, it gets into... it's very... a lot of made-up words and a lot of, like, I need graphs and charts to help me understand this.
Exactly, yeah. It's kind of like, uh, I don't know... wait, what? Falsy?
Yeah, there's a lussy, a falsy, a pulslessy. Yeah, there's all this, right? There's all this crazy stuff.
And then the sequel didn't help, because then they fucking brought time travel into it.
And then when you bring time travel into it, then you really have to have all these bars, charts, and graphs, right?
And then the third game, I have to admit, I'm not as familiar with the third game.
I didn't play that one extensively, but I've spoiled the ending of 13.
Well, it was spoiled for me on Twitter, so I went ahead and watched the video.
And the little, like, post-credit sequence they have that's very, very touching and kind of puts a bookend on everything.
But the only thing that disappoints me, and this is funny, because this had come up in a conversation on Twitter I was having this week.
I actually wouldn't mind if they did yet another Final Fantasy 13 game.
I understand they really want to get past 13 and talk about, you know, 14 is the MMO, it's different.
But they want to talk about 15, you know, that's the new era that's starting in September and so forth.
But I would be all for a fourth Final Fantasy 13 game, like maybe a prequel that has fang.
That's nothing but, like, fang, and I suppose you'd have to have Vanille in that as well if fang is in it.
But I would be all about that.
I think that's another problem, speaking of Vanille, I think that's another problem 13 had.
Was that if you didn't play enough of 13, Hope and Vanille were your very stereotypical, unlikeable, anime trope stereotype kids that, like, you just didn't like.
But the more you play, especially in the first game, Vanille, as you start to peel back the layers, I think is a very complex character that's very interesting.
Hope has kind of a development arc in the first game, but I really think he starts to shine more in the second game.
And he's actually kind of a badass in the second game, but most of you would never know that because you gave up on it by the time it took to get there.
So I would say if 13 has any faults, it's that it didn't maybe ramp up quick enough in some ways, but I still think it's...
Oh yeah, it dragged.
It does drag a little bit in the beginning.
It's also very linear in the beginning.
It is, it is.
But I still think, in spite of all that, it's worth playing through.
It's kind of like, surely, aren't there shows on TV where, like, the first season...
Oh, I know one. 30 Rock.
It was okay in its first season.
It was kind of funny, but it really didn't come into its own until, like, some of the later seasons, right?
Like, sometimes shows have a really rough first season and then they start to get better and better.
But, and, like, people will forgive it and watch the first season and then watch the later seasons because the later seasons are the ones that are really good.
I would say it's kind of like that, but you're going to have to invest a little bit of the time in it.
Anyway.
So, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, bring back Saz.
Totally.
He was a very interesting character, too, and had a great storyline in that game as well.
I do know he sort of had a cameo in 13, too, but yeah, it could have been a little more.
Kaijuto says, no prequels, please.
Hater.
Let's see.
RageNator wonders, if Final Fantasy 13 ends up having 13 sequels, would the 13th one be called Final Fantasy 1313?
Yes, it would.
Dungeonbuster says, Vanille wasn't so bad.
I'd pick her over those two.
And Brad from Pod Culture saying, Deep Space Nine.
Yes, thank you.
That is a wonderful analogy.
Final Fantasy 13 is the Deep Space Nine of the Final Fantasy 13 saga.
Because Deep Space Nine kind of gets a lot of weird complexities and shit in the later seasons.
So I would say, yeah, I think there's a really good parallel.
In my opinion, anyway.
So, there you go.
Anyway, not to dominate our show with a talk of a game that's probably, what, pushing 10 years old at this point.
What about the Final Fantasy 15?
You know, since we've had kind of a spotty schedule the past couple months, we haven't been able to talk a lot about the Final Fantasy 15.
I'm not all that hyped up about it, to be honest.
Yeah.
Did you check out the demo?
I did play the demo.
It was alright.
I just, it, you know, the demo felt more like Kingdom Hearts than it did Final Fantasy 15.
It was alright, though.
I mean, I could get into it, I guess.
I just have to see what the story is, because I don't really know much about it.
It wasn't like, you know, it doesn't, to me, it doesn't seem like it has that Final Fantasy 7 start.
Where you're like, you know, you watch the beginning and you're like, fuck yes.
You know, it's just like that impact, like, let's do this shit.
Yeah, that's true. I will say that is one thing Final Fantasy 7, maybe one reason people, like, remember that one so fondly is that that game just throws you right fucking into it.
It throws you right fucking into it, and then like, just the music and everything, it's just like, yes.
That's true.
That's true. 13 did lack that a little bit, although, well, ironically, 13 also starts kind of with a big, like, type of war, but it's different.
It's not like past.
Like, 10 was pretty good. 10 kind of had that a little bit.
Yeah, that's true.
We'll see. You know, I have to see what it looks like.
I'll probably pick it up, because it looks interesting to just, I don't know.
I'm still getting used to the battle system as well, like, I'm kind of fumbling with that, but we'll see.
What's so wrong with turn-based? I mean, seriously, I don't understand what the problem is with that. I like it.
It's the millennials' fault. That's the new, don't you know that's the new cool hip thing for people over a certain age to do?
Blame the millennials.
Blame the millennials. Yeah, millennials don't have a big, and we have plenty of millennials that listen to this show. Please realize this is very tongue-in-cheek, what I'm saying.
But, you know, the millennials don't have the attention span for turn-based.
They need something that's a lot more, they all have ADD.
So they're not going to be able to stand the turn-based thing.
They have to have something a little more fluid.
That's why they have to go back and change Final Fantasy VII.
It's because of the millennials.
I don't know. Like, even the last Final Fantasy game I played, I didn't really get it.
Was it Final Fantasy Type-0?
Or, Type-0 HD, or whatever that was?
I never really got into that. Like, I played it, and I was kind of bored with it.
Well, but that was also not really a mainline game either. That was intended to be a different, you know, type of game that just...
Well, originally it was supposed to be in the XIII canon, if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, which I don't see how that would have worked at all.
But all the games in the XIII canon ended up becoming different things, because remember, Final Fantasy XV was supposed to be Final Fantasy XIII Versus.
Which I don't even have, like, an idea of how that would tie into each other.
Well, my thought, because this game's been tied up so fucking long, obviously at one point they moved it from the PlayStation 3, the PlayStation 4, and, you know, Microsoft equivalents.
And I think they went back and probably completely changed the battle system.
I wouldn't wonder... Well, no, because I want to say in the early stuff, for Versus, it did have more of an action battle.
Like, people were kind of, even in their early days, were saying it looked more like a Kingdom Hearts game or something.
So, I don't know what's been holding up that game, but I imagine it's just been going through a lot of different design changes and so forth.
And maybe they realized the story really didn't have a lot to do with XIII, so they just made it a mainline game at some point.
But I will buy Final Fantasy XV. Well, I already have it pre-ordered. It's coming. I don't plan on canceling it.
What's that supposed to be coming out?
I always get Final Fantasy games the day they come out. September 30th. It's the big day.
Like, we actually have a date now. I don't know if you realize that.
No, I didn't realize that.
It's happening! Although, you know it's not happening soon enough in Final Fantasy XV world.
That Florence and the Machine single for Stand By Me, that is the song for Final Fantasy XV. Have you heard this at all?
No.
That's the new song. It's Florence and the Machine, and it's a cover of Stand By Me, the old song from the 50s.
I can't imagine how that would sound.
But they incorporated the Final Fantasy theme into it.
Huh.
It's really rad. I have to bring up a little clip of it so that you can hear that here.
Let's see. Go into our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see. Bobby Blackwolf saying, you want to know what game I think looks like a Kingdom Hearts game?
Kingdom Hearts III. Well, yes, there is that. Although, we haven't really seen a lot of Kingdom Hearts III.
When do you think that one's coming out?
Will we see Kingdom Hearts III next year?
I don't know. Maybe next year.
It's not going to be a PlayStation 5 game at this point.
I don't know. Let's see.
Uh...
SSG100Matt says, no hoverboards, no Wi-Fi, no dice, and attributes that to millennials.
So there you go.
I'm actually trying to bring this up so that Loki can hear this. If I can find a clip of this.
Okay. Let me see if I can find this here.
A little clip of the Florence and the Machine during Stand By Me.
Here you go.
See, it has the crystal theme in the background.
Anyway, a little clip there. I kind of laughed when they unveiled that as a song.
I laughed in a good way because I was like, with all the talk about what a bro trip game this is supposed to be and everything.
The fact that it's that song and a lot of people instantly associate that song with the movie from the 80s.
Which was about, you know, four boys going on an adventure to find a dead body.
When Stephen King did it, it wasn't even called Stand By Me. It was called The Body, I believe.
It was like a short story in one of his collections.
That's very funny.
Yeah, kind of funny how that worked out.
Alright, anyway. So, lots of tangents.
Talking about Final Fantasy stuff.
Let's get into the types of video games that we have been playing this week and then we'll get into this week's news.
We're going to do a little bit of how was your gaming week and starting off with Loki tonight.
How was your gaming week?
So, I actually purchased another game for the Wii U. I have Mario Kart 8 now.
Oh, it took you long enough. That one's fun.
Yeah, so I got that because, I don't know, I just thought it'd be cool.
So, I played a little bit of that.
And then, more Enter the Gungeon.
And, surprisingly I haven't played any Fallout 4 this week even though they did release another update.
You know, the other piece of DLC.
So, I do have to check that out eventually, but I just haven't gotten to it yet.
I'm on a new work schedule, so I get very tired at night instead of, like, actually playing a lot of games.
What else? Ingress a little bit.
Actually, last week I did play quite a bit of Ingress and walked around and everything.
Yeah, I think that's about it.
That Enter the Gungeon game.
I saw that on PlayStation 4 and I was going to buy it and then I got distracted and didn't.
But, I'm hearing a lot, a lot of great things about that game, like, everywhere around the internet.
Now, you talked about that a little bit on the last show because you love the soundtrack.
Yeah, and they have a trailer for, like, the game that's all animated and it's awesome.
You gotta check that out. It goes with the music and everything.
But, yeah, that game's pretty fun.
Why do you think so many people are loving that game?
The music's great. The art style's pretty awesome.
I thought everybody was getting sick of the retro thing.
It's not really retro. I mean, it's retro, but it's, like, it's just all cohesive.
So, it's all very gun-themed. You know, the bullets that, you know, have guns and everything.
And it's just cutesy. I don't know. It's just, like, a pretty cool art style.
It's cute guns!
Yeah, it's cute little bullets that are, like, you know, shooting things and there's, like, everything.
All sorts of gun-themed things.
Hello Kitty guns, maybe?
They have a gun. Well, they have all sorts of guns that are in the game.
I haven't gotten a lot of them. A lot of them shoot weird things.
Like, they have a shark gun.
You know, like, squirt guns and all sorts of weird stuff.
Alright. I'm gonna have to check the game out.
I just, you know, this week, this week kinda was crazy.
So, my gaming week.
Honestly, I didn't play a lot, a lot of new stuff. I'm gonna be honest.
I've been spending a lot of my gaming time in Final Fantasy XIV, which is just kinda my,
I don't wanna say brainless MMO time sync, but it's maybe like that,
you just kinda hit that zen thing where it's like, alright, I have this goal in mind
and my goal is to get my Dark Knight up to level 60,
so that way I have every single class from Heavensward 60.
I don't have any other jobs level 60, but I have astrologian, machinist, and soon I'm gonna have,
I'm level 58 on Dark Knight, so I will have all of those level 60s.
It's kinda like a thing I'm going for.
So, it's like every day, it's like, okay, log in, do a random dungeon for XP, do dailies,
and, you know, just kinda, kind of a zen thing.
But because of that, I haven't been playing a lot, a lot of console games.
I did end up, thanks to a nice listener, I did end up getting a beta key for the Mirror's Edge catalyst,
which has been going on this weekend, but I think there's still a couple more days left with it.
So, I wanna definitely get in on that in the next couple days before it's down.
Speaking of betas, though, that kinda came and went, I tried the Battleborn beta.
Did you check that out on PlayStation 4 at all?
No, I had no interest in that.
I couldn't get into it, you know, but at the same time, it's just, I kinda also recognize it's just kinda like not my kinda game.
So, like, don't listen to my review if you're on the fence about Battleborn, because I just couldn't get into it.
But keep in mind, I maybe was not also in the best, like, you know, this week has been a lot of ups and downs, right?
So, sometimes I might just kinda start a game and just be like, you know what, I'm not here for this right now.
And unfortunately, with the beta, there's only so much time to do it and kinda base your decision off of that, yeah, I don't know.
But I just don't think Battleborn was gonna be my type of game.
Plus, Sony, after I've played the beta, I can't get that shit out of my fuckin' library, thank you very much.
Oh, not even going into your library and, like, deleting it from there? I thought you could do that.
You can delete it, but the entry's still there.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
Yeah, you can't actually remove it.
I think, like, the Destiny alpha is still in my frickin' library somewhere, yeah.
Well, I also played the beta for Doom.
And I liked that a little more because it reminded me of the old school Doom games, but because, you know, again, it's a beta.
And I realized I should not be making a judgment on if I'm gonna buy the game or not off of beta, but let's be real, it's what a lot of us do.
As far as Doom, I enjoyed it and I liked that it really felt like a throwback to the multiplayer in the older games with the nicer graphics and so on.
I just wanted to be able to have more control to maybe just battle single player versus bots and things like that, but I get it.
It's a beta, they need to test the multiplayer, so I also had to find that out separately.
I may still end up picking up Doom just to dink around in the single player modes and take things a little different pace than playing online with people who've probably spent all day playing online.
Did you check out the sale this week on PlayStation Network? They have a lot of $8 games on there now.
Yeah, I wanted to pick up Beyond Two Souls, but I just didn't get around to buying it this weekend.
They had Little Big Planet 3 for $8.
I already have that.
And I'm like, I don't have it yet, but I'm like, am I really gonna play this? Probably not.
$8? Yeah, I think it's worth a look for $8. Little Big Planet 3 is still a worthy platformer.
It'll be down cheaper later.
We'll see.
And then betas. Just beta, beta, beta is all I've been playing.
I also played Overwatch, had an open beta, because it's the only way I can seem to play it.
Because I don't get Blizzard's logic with the whole super special secret club people that they let in.
Because it just gets very frustrating to see all these people on your Twitter timeline that are playing the beta and have been for months.
And then it's like, oh, but you're not, for whatever reason, you're not cool enough to be in it.
And I don't know. It kind of makes you resent it a little bit and just be like, well, fuck this game.
But I did try it.
Why did you pick me? I support you all the time.
Exactly. Like, I was rooting for you. I played Diablo day and all night.
And actually, I played Diablo this week too, because the season finally ended.
But anyway, so I played a little bit of Overwatch during the open beta.
And I got to admit, it's a slick little game.
And of all the betas I played this weekend, I probably had the most fun with Overwatch.
And I played it before they had an open beta maybe two months ago that I also played in.
And I was kind of like on the fence about it.
But I just, I played some characters in this one.
And man, the character design, Blizzard does such a good job with character design in the game.
So, you know, they got just some really neat characters that you just, you want to play with and see their little catchphrases and see how they all kind of play a little differently.
I was playing a character this time in the beta named Symmetra? Symmetria?
Hopefully. Sorry, I'm totally butchering that if there's any Overwatch fans listening.
But she's the one that has the turrets on the ground.
And they actually divided the characters up into their, like, classes this time.
So you can see, here's who the tanks are, here's who the support classes are.
And I was like, oh, I like support classes because last time I played Mercy I really liked her, so I want to play Symmetra.
Because I remember playing her at BlizzCon the very first time they showed Overwatch that time.
But I didn't really like her at that time.
But this time, now that I played her during the beta, she was a lot of fun.
I loved playing with the little turrets, and she does, like, shielding, which felt a lot like a Disc Priest in WoW or something.
So I had a lot of fun playing with her.
So I think I might actually pick up the full game for Overwatch.
And then I get mad at myself because I'm like, but you're mad at Blizzard because they won't let you in the beta.
You're not supposed to like them, rawr. But I can't help it.
Like, Blizzard puts out stuff that has such good polish it's hard to ignore.
It's, like, really hard to ignore.
Say I was confusing Battleboard with Overwatch since they're both free.
Oh, were you really?
I was like, wait. I didn't play either.
Let's see. William Murderface says, the Overwatch open beta starts in about 10 days.
I thought, don't you have to actually pre-order the game to get into that?
Because you know, you can pre-pay for the game and get, like, an extra skin for one of the characters.
And I'm like, fuck that. You could pay the full, like, 60 bucks right now.
Give it to Blizzard and get the skin.
I'm like, wait a minute. Wait a damn minute. I don't like that.
I do worry a little bit, though, there may be some free-to-play.
I'm almost positive there are some free-to-play elements in Overwatch, which is a little bit double-dipping.
Which I don't know if I'm okay with that.
Because they have these little boxes that you open that will contain different quotes for your characters, different costumes, different stickers.
You know, things that don't really affect gameplay.
So I think that's why they're trying to kind of balance on this fence.
Because they don't affect gameplay, but they affect cosmetics left and right, right?
But I noticed there was an option.
You know, you get the little boxes free when you level up, but there's an option.
Go to the store. Get money. Drop some Blizzard cash and get money.
Just like you do in Heroes of the Storm, which is free-to-play.
Get all this stuff.
So I definitely think that's an element of it.
Well, wasn't it supposed to be free-to-play originally, and then they decided to do a retail game on that?
Well, it's hard to say. Nobody really knew.
Everybody assumed it was going to be free-to-play.
Because it was a multi-hero game, like Heroes of the Storm, which was free-to-play.
So I think everybody assumed it was going to be a Heroes of the Storm model.
And maybe that's why that whole part of the game is built into it.
Because maybe they were flirting with that model at one point.
But they didn't go that way.
Probably, I would assume the console releases are why they didn't do that.
When they made the decision to go console, they made the decision to no longer be free-to-play.
I just, I have a weird feeling there's a correlation there.
Yes, I know free-to-play exists on console, but does any of it do really, really well?
Like, I know there's DC Universe. I know there's another shooter.
It's on the tip of my tongue that I see advertised on PS4 all the time.
But do any of these games do really, really well?
Because I don't know. I know there's a few people that play DC Universe.
But it's not Heroes of the Storm-sized or anything like that, you know what I mean?
Over at live.vognetwork.com, William Murderface says,
You get all the characters unlocked for free, so that sort of justifies the cost.
I know Smite charges 30 for the same thing, which is less, but there is precedent for this sort of thing.
Kaijuto in chat says, Hearthstone is magic for babies. Overwatch can't even touch Dota.
Plus, Blizzard are dicks for banning the cheating in this game offline, and then told the kid they did it because they can.
I have to see more about that.
Overwatch and Dota are not the light games, though.
Overwatch is more Team Fortress 2, and Dota is more akin to Heroes of the Storm.
Just for your future rants.
Anyhow.
So yeah, that was pretty much my gaming week.
I played a lot of free betas.
And then Final Fantasy XIV, which I actually pay money for.
They do a lot of content updates in XIV.
Keeps me busy, keeps me happy.
So that's what it's all about, right?
Someday, XI will go free to play.
Someday. Keep on waiting.
You know XI is finally done.
That happened while we were gone at some point.
Final Fantasy XI finally sunsetted on Xbox 360 and Playstation 2.
You can no longer play Final Fantasy XI on those consoles.
It is a PC-only game now.
So I can't see that they're going to go back and suddenly do HD graphics and all this stuff.
And they've ended story support and all this stuff.
But I guess they are still working on it in some capacity.
There is a group that is still working on Final Fantasy XI, but it's very small, infrequent type of updates at this point.
So, I don't know. Don't expect any fancy graphics or anything like that.
Yeah, Alan Alchemy is saying, no more content or quality of life patches for PC.
Well, maybe quality of life. But story-wise, it's done.
S2100mattagreen with Loki in our chatroom over at live.vognetware.com saying,
Still holding out for free to play Final Fantasy XI.
Well, you know one thing they do a lot of, Loki, is they do a lot of welcome back campaigns.
Like once every couple months, they do this thing where it's like, if you have ever had a Final Fantasy XI account, play for free.
They do that all the time.
Yeah.
Didn't you say you hopped on at one point recently in the past couple of years?
Yeah, I bought it again because it was like $7 for the game with all the expansions, so I played again.
And it was different.
I would even be fine playing on a modded server, like a private server or something like that.
I don't know if that's something that's out there.
I assume it is, but if it is, Square probably doesn't like it and would like to see that end.
Just like Blizzard did this past week or two with one of the really popular, I guess, underground servers, so to speak.
But the twist on this server that Blizzard finally shut down, well, they didn't go to the person's house and press the power button,
but they sent a cease and desist, which is pretty much, if you don't have the legal team to back it up,
you're going to get shut down.
But the big twist was that this server was a vanilla Warcraft server, meaning you didn't play any of the expansions on it.
It was only for regular World of Warcraft.
And there's people all the time that bitch and bellyache about,
Oh, I miss 40-man Molten Core. Those were the days when you couldn't get your mounts until level 40.
That was World of Warcraft.
None of this cross-server raiding shit.
But I kind of think a lot of that retro WoW stuff was through rose-colored glasses, in my opinion,
because they did bring a 40-man raid into the game for one of the anniversary events, and everybody was telling me it was a nightmare.
So, I don't know.
Some people out there crave it, so good for them, I guess, but unfortunately, they don't get to do it anymore because Blizzard shut it down.
So, of course, they started this whole petition,
Hey, Blizzard, if you're not going to support non-official vanilla servers, then you need to do your own vanilla server.
But, of course, it's falling on deaf ears because Blizzard, in the meantime, is rolling around naked in piles of money from people pre-paying for Overwatch,
and the additional money they're going to get from selling boxes with stickers and quotes from Overwatch.
And the fact that BlizzCon sold out in, like, what, literally six seconds.
And who cares if half the tickets went to scalpers through a cash exploit.
Blizzard is rolling around naked in their money pits as we speak.
It's just like that scene in DuckTales where Uncle Scrooge died.
That's Blizzard right now.
They could give a rat's ass about vanilla WoW.
Sorry, but if you really want Blizzard to make some changes, you have to stop pre-paying for their upcoming games.
Just throwing that out there.
Ragenator in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Did you hear that Steam is going to start accepting Bitcoin as a form of payment?
No, I did not. I legit did not know.
Do they accept Dogecoin? Because I had a few of those at one point during the week that everybody was in Dogecoin.
I still have some of those in a Doge wallet somewhere.
I have no idea how to get...
I could be sitting on a fucking goldmine right now. I have no idea. I don't know how to log into it.
So, can I trade Doge for Bitcoin and then spend the Bitcoin to get...
What could I afford on Steam? Maybe I could get Shower with Your Dad Simulator for half off. Maybe.
Super Hexagon? 33% off? Maybe.
That's about what I could afford with all my coin.
VxjasonXV in chat says,
I'm sure you don't even have a cent of Bitcoin. Womp womp. Thanks. Appreciate that.
Hey, maybe we could open up like a Patreon for OLR. Because it's not the thing everybody's doing now.
We'll do a Patreon, but we'll accept Bitcoin.
And then it's like, we're going to just have this money pit of Bitcoin to spend on...
Nothing.
Steam games. Enhance our library. I don't know.
Wyland says, pay me tons. Is that a thing? It must be.
Surely somebody has already invented the Patreon that is nothing but Bitcoin.
Surely that is a thing out there. I'm just not well educated.
Listen, we need lots of money to be able to talk on this show.
Please fund Loki's fast food habit.
Ugh. I'm on the KFC today. I swear. They're just not good.
Alright. Wyland says, pay me tons goals. That was a thing? Alright, I'm going to look into that.
I'm going to, just because Jason said, just because Jason said, I bet you don't even have a cent of Bitcoin.
Well, Jason, I am motivated big time by spite.
I'm going to raise one whole dollar of Bitcoin by the time this is done. You hear me?
Dungeon Buster says, donate five dollars and watch Loki eat a burger. Could we have that happen?
Alright, look. I'll do that without five dollars.
I don't want to make people think that I'm making fun of the cryptocurrency stuff.
I actually find that whole culture fascinating, for what it's worth.
Just the fact that you can kind of invent this digital currency.
And it does, I do actually really find it fascinating.
And that's why I did get into Dogecoins for the short time that I did.
But, yeah, it still seems like it's taken a while for it to become super mainstream. But we'll see.
Alright, let's move on. We got to do some quick housekeeping and then we'll get into gaming news.
As far as housekeeping tonight, follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio. Google Plus as well at Orange Lounge Radio.
As far as I know, no upcoming shows off for a while until we get to Dragon Con.
But, God, the way things have been going lately.
Who can tell?
I know. Who can tell?
But we are going to do our very best to be here with you every Sunday from here on out.
I do want to give a quick shout out, by the way. This is a pretty big deal.
If you're an Android user and you have the Google Play and the Google Music on your phone,
we are now in the Google Play Podcast.
That started on Monday, actually, where Google Play has its own podcasting built in now.
So you can actually look for Orange Lounge Radio. We are there.
There's several other VOG shows as well in the store.
I am not an Android user myself, I must admit. I've been an iPhone user for years and years.
So judge me if you want, but I don't care.
But Alan is an Android user and he's been trying to show me what it looks like and so forth.
I was looking around online and so forth.
You can't really rate shows or anything like that, but you can at least subscribe and get the new shows in your library, which is great.
Especially if you are still using a third-party thing on Google Plus that, for whatever reason, is not updating OLR in a timely fashion, like Stitcher Radio,
then maybe you want to consider switching to Google Play Podcasts because I checked and all our latest stuff is pushing out to Google Play Podcasts, so things look great.
If you do want to use third-party, though, TuneIn is pretty awesome as well.
And the reason why I like TuneIn is that not only can you use that to listen to the OLR archive, but you can also use TuneIn to listen to VOG when we're live.
So it's like one app kind of does both. So that's why I kind of like TuneIn and why I recommend that.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Under 80 with vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, push.
Alright, and some comments on the Google Play thing from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Alan says, it's kind of buried. You need to click on there. We have podcast now banner to go straight to it.
Otherwise, you need to click on my library under music and look for podcasts in the menu.
I'm also told, and this is very important because I sometimes forget to remember, we have an audience that's bigger than just the US and Canada.
We're very fortunate for that. But the podcast thing is not worldwide yet, from what I understand.
So you may have to wait a little longer for the podcast thing to hit your country, just so you know.
Let's see, nss2100matt says, fastest way to listen to OLR is to listen live.
But in all seriousness, the more platforms, the better.
That's what I say. As long as like a third party isn't profiting off our show without, you know, giving us a little kickback or whatever.
Like I pretty much am all for getting our show out there wherever.
So I don't even really care if people torrent this and put it out somewhere.
Because yeah, my thought is somebody might find it and decide, oh, hey, I want to listen to it live someday.
And then our live audience grows, we get more participants, and it's awesome.
So raginator says, I use iTunes to download podcasts as a stream vog.
Yep. For the iPhone people, you know, the iTunes podcast, it's kind of had some ups and downs.
But it works enough to use Orange Launch Radio and stream your podcast there.
But it's nice that Android has something that's kind of like built in now. It doesn't have to rely on third party.
All right. Let's get into some gaming news. Loki, start us off tonight.
So Microsoft has finally sunsetted the Xbox 360. They're not going to be manufacturing any more consoles.
But they will be selling off their initial supply, whatever is currently left.
Of course, along with that, they are going to be still continuing on with the Xbox Live service for those consoles.
You know, games of gold and your party support, that's all going to stay, you know, working for the time being.
I'm sure eventually they'll shut it off. But yeah, had a good run.
That's going to be weird when they shut off the Xbox 360. That's going to be very weird.
And I wonder what kind of pushback the populace is going to have with that.
Because I'm sure there's still games people will want to play online.
Just like happens when the EA server shut down and all that stuff.
But you know, it'll be interesting when there's no more store on Xbox 360.
That'll be the last plug they pull. But it's going to be interesting when there's no more store.
Well, I mean, I would hope that they would keep those servers still online.
I mean, they have all those Cloud Azure servers or whatever that they are going to be using for different things.
Including on Xbox One, two, like, you know, for processing of different games and things.
I'd hope that they'd be able to utilize some of that for keeping those consoles online.
Maybe that might be something that they'll do. I don't know.
It's all going to be whether it's cost effective for them. If there's people actually using it.
Because they won't shut them off until there's really no one online for the Xbox 360.
Well, and this news isn't too terribly shocking either.
Especially as they try to get more and more of the backwards compatibility of at least the biggest selling games on the Xbox One.
At least they can say, hey, there's still a place where you can play 360 games.
It's on the Xbox One, but invalid to me until they get Lost Odyssey working, that's for sure.
They still need to get Mass Effect 2 and 3 working on there too.
They got the first one, but not the better games.
So, yeah, there's still a lot to be done on the 360 front, in my opinion.
But, I mean, is anyone really shocked that this is happening?
No.
Probably not, no.
Are they still making PlayStation 3? They are still making those, right?
Maybe.
I imagine that, yeah, well, didn't PlayStation 2 just end support not that terribly long ago?
So PlayStation 3, you know, will probably still be going for a couple more years.
But, you know, there will come a day where Sony pulls the plug on that too.
Because, you know, there's no more market for it.
There's no more price that it fits in as the current generation of consoles gets cheaper and cheaper and more affordable and so forth.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Cajudo in chat says games like GTA 4 and Red Dead will still be playable since they use System Link.
That's why System Link and LAN is always good.
GTA 4 is not System Link, unfortunately.
Oh, is there no patch or anything shady to it?
There is. There's nothing for GTA 4. However, Red Dead is System Link, so that is awesome.
Saints Row is System Link, though. One and two. But not Grand Theft Auto 4, unfortunately.
That would have been nice.
SSG100Matt pointing out an interesting kind of parallel here, saying they're shutting down the Xbox Live indie game servers in the next two years.
I wonder if it'll be some time after that that they will shut it all down.
And AkumaJP pointing out there's still new limited edition PlayStation 3s here in Japan.
So PlayStation 3, not quite in the same boat right now.
It's just Xbox 360 is done for the now.
It'll be interesting to see what Microsoft's vision is, because Microsoft is trying to do this whole PC, Xbox One Synergy thing in a way they didn't really do with 360.
So it'll be interesting to see what Microsoft's going to look like.
Well, they keep talking about it, but I don't see that yet.
How so?
What Synergy is there with the PC right now?
Well, there's the whole fact that you can play the Xbox One stuff on the PC.
You can't really do streaming PC onto your Xbox One that I know of yet, but I think that's just an E3 away from something like that.
They're pretty cool.
I mean, if the Xbox One could do kind of what the Steam Link does basically with PC games, and it's not a terribly complex procedure, I really think that's just an E3 away.
If it's not already doing something like that, I'm just completely not aware.
Because it does stream media, right? Because Xbox One would do that.
Forgot to mention, I did try out the PlayStation 4 streaming.
Yeah, that doesn't work well with my laptop at all.
Oh yeah, no, you didn't mention this on the last show. It was very, very slow and didn't work well.
Yeah, it's just unplayable.
I haven't tried it yet, I must admit.
Kaijuto pointing out, oh shit, I thought it was System Link, Grand Theft Auto 4.
Fuck, well, there's the PC version.
That is true.
That is true.
All right, so rest in peace, I guess, Xbox 360.
Although, you know, no great console dies forever.
We still talk about Super Nintendo on this program.
And we still talk about the Sega Genesis, NES, Atari 2600, just Xbox 360.
What I'm hoping for, because they do have, you know, tunneling and everything with, you know, LAN stuff for those consoles.
But after they do shut it off, like some sort of independent Xbox Live that they could tie into or something like that, that'd be pretty awesome.
Yeah, it'd be interesting.
It'd be interesting to see what they're going to do when that sort of endgame hits, but I think we're still a couple years away from that for sure.
It will probably be to the point where we're looking at the Xbox One successor before they go that far and pulling the plug completely on the Xbox 360.
I really do think we're going to have to go that far.
But we'll see, we'll see.
Any Xbox 360 memories, Loki? Is there a particular game, is there a particular thing about the 360 that you think, you know, it's kind of one of those,
this is where the Xbox 360 will be remembered for me as the great gaming accomplishment?
Probably Grand Theft Auto IV.
Mm-hmm.
Because I play the crap out of it.
And you were once a top 10 player, right?
Top 60.
Oh, I thought you were all the way in the top 10 at one point.
It's hard to get beyond that because after a while, like when you play those really good people, if they're losing, they just quit.
And there was no penalty for quitting, so it's hard to excel past that because you have to play the higher ranked players and if they're getting their ass kicked, they just quit.
So, yeah.
I was talking a little bit about this on Bobby's show, but I think one of the great, for better or for worse, I think one of the greatest things the Xbox 360 gave us was the Xbox Live Arcade.
And the fact that, you know, you could download little games.
At the time, it was little games.
Or, go ahead.
Digital distribution.
You downloaded it for what, five bucks?
You'd get Joust or you'd get an original like Geometry Wars that in some ways, in some ways Geometry Wars was the system seller in the beginning for some people.
Well, Xbox in the games was pretty cool.
And then also Xbox Minecraft because that really, you know, launched the whole console Minecraft.
That's true.
And it did incredibly well.
That's true. The Xbox 360 is the home.
You can actually hear our voice in an Xbox 360 game on the Indie Marketplace in Bungie Ferret Tossing.
We're in the opening credits there, so that's pretty cool.
This is something we can kind of tip our hat with the 360 too.
But I do think Xbox Live Arcade, I think, certainly like changed gaming as we know it.
You know, it was kind of the beginning of the digital distribution.
And even though it was very much like a drip feed of games in the beginning and it was a lot of reimagining of older games,
because I'm such a retro gaming nerd, I loved that the early stuff was all retro games.
I really loved that.
And even discovered some games that I missed out on in the 80s through, you know, the reimaginings that came out on Xbox 360.
So I'll kind of always remember it for that.
Hopefully they get more and more and more backwards compatibility on Xbox One.
Because I got to admit, I love turning on the Xbox One and looking at the games library and then all of a sudden,
shit, this arcade title I bought back in the day on 360 is suddenly like backwards compatible.
Something random like Galaga to show up.
I'm almost afraid to check out what my download list looks like for Xbox Arcade.
I mean, I've over 100 titles, I know that.
S2100matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Xbox Live and Xbox Live Arcade in a way hurt real life arcades.
Yeah, I mean, you know, you could really, I mean, when we talk about Xbox Live, I really attribute that to the original Xbox.
But certainly, you know, the Xbox 360 kicked up that game a whole nother notch.
You know, and I think because it made living room gaming with your friends something more and more that you could do.
Across a great distance. Yeah, I think it did have a huge impact on arcade culture and all that.
Because people didn't need to go out to arcades anymore to drop a quarter to play with friends.
So, you could do it across the internet.
So, yeah, it was a huge impact on culture.
Alright, let's move on. More gaming news.
We talked about Blizzard earlier in the show and we talked about Overwatch.
And Overwatch, you know, is what came after an MMO that Blizzard was working on.
Not World of Warcraft, but an MMO called Titan.
Titan was in the works for years and years and years over at Blizzard.
And in a very interesting interview over at GameSpot that was done with the Blizzard designer Jeff Kaplan this week,
he had some very interesting words for Titan as it was an MMO saying that the development team failed horrifically.
Now, he said, you know, he wasn't trying to like throw his team or whatever under the bus, but he said,
you had a really amazing group that was working on Titan.
They were really talented individuals, but we failed horrifically in every way.
In every way that a project can fail. It was devastating.
You had these people who came from other companies or from within Blizzard
and who were used to working on games that were very successful, like World of Warcraft, for example.
To go through such a complete and utter failure is very hard for people who are used to experiencing success.
So, but what's weird is that there, he talks about it was a failure. We never really figured out why.
I mean, we can kind of read it between the lines that the game wasn't fun, or maybe it was,
I kind of read it between the lines that it might have been too ambitious.
And so it might have been a spore like situation, if you remember the spore,
where like the whole game, the sum of the parts didn't add up to a whole game that was really fun to play.
And that's the impression I'm getting from what Titan is, because my understanding,
and again, this is just a bunch of rabble rabble and rumors and all that,
is that Overwatch was essentially one part of Titan.
Now, it's been fleshed out and fully realized as an entire game,
but I guess you could say maybe like there was an away mission type of thing.
Like I kind of think like Mass Effect, like you could do like the multiplayer was like an away mission type of thing
that was kind of like second to the rest of the game, but like this Overwatch was kind of born of that one element of it.
And so here's the game that we have now. But, you know, Overwatch is very polished.
A lot of people saying very positive things about it, even though, yes, there's the similarities to Team Fortress 2 there.
I think there's just much more diversity in the character, like the abilities and so forth,
that makes it feel like a whole different game, Overwatch.
So, you know, hopefully they're feeling a little better, even though, you know, that was years and years and years of development
that ended up being, I guess, thrown away or just turned into Overwatch,
which hopefully will recoup a good chunk of that money and then some.
But, yeah, it's just weird to hear that, that, you know, they spent all that time on this MMO and it just, it was not good.
And Blizzard decided not to release it.
That's too bad.
You always got to wonder what other types of games companies make and they spend a long time on, only just not to release them.
Well, I mean, we do get examples. We know there's big games that get cancelled all the time.
The Fable thing, we were just talking about a couple weeks ago, right?
There was a Fable game that was coming out on Xbox One and all of a sudden Microsoft was like, you know what, no.
And then they scanned the whole studio. I was like, dang.
You know, it's kind of, wow, you got to wonder.
At least, at least that game people got to play at 1E3. At least it showed up at some point.
Titan never showed up.
We're just left to believe that Overwatch is kind of like a part of what Titan may have been.
But we don't really know.
So, all right, let's move on. Loki.
So, there's been a lot of talks about an upgrade to the PlayStation 4.
You know, whether it be like a 4.5 or I guess they're referring to it as a PlayStation 4 Neo.
So, the rumors regarding this, apparently the Neo is going to feature a higher clock speed than the original PlayStation 4,
improved GPU, and higher bandwidth on the memory.
And they've had different documents received about the note that the hard drive in the Neo is the same as the original PlayStation 4.
Basically, you know, they're talking spec-wise, it's just a little bit faster.
But what it's supposed to do is be able to support 4K image output and requires, you know, games be like a native 1080p.
And I guess they upscaled those. And it's also supposed to have better performance on the VR games as well.
And it's supposed to sell for $400? I don't know.
And what they're going to say with this is they're not getting rid of the original PlayStation 4 as well,
but they're going to have like a base mode and Neo mode.
So, any games that come out after like October-ish, they're going to have different modes for those.
So, they're going to have like better visuals on this new system versus the current system.
I don't know. We're getting a whole mess of trouble splitting the market up that way.
I have a weird feeling too it's going to be a lot of first party games that have this,
but there might be some third parties that are like, we don't really have the resources for that shit, so no.
You know what I mean?
I just, I don't know. I think it's a really bad idea.
I mean, you're segmenting your marketplace, basically.
And eventually, I understand they're saying that all games will play on both systems, but they say that now.
But eventually, what's the point in putting out a higher spec system if you're not going to take advantage of that?
And is that going to mean that games that are going to come out are going to run like shit on the regular system
and then run okay on the other one?
I don't know. I think it's a very terrible idea.
And Microsoft is, they're rumored to be doing something similar, so I think it's just a terrible idea across the board.
Just, if you're going to put out a better spec system, put that out as a new system.
Don't just, you know, new 3DS it.
Because, yeah, that's a perfect example right there.
It's like, Nintendo is really guilty for this type of thing, and they release higher spec systems for games that are,
like a handful of games that are going to run on them, like the new 3DS.
And like, that system is kind of pointless if you think about it, because there's a handful of games that are going to run that system exclusively.
And then, you know, some games that run better on it.
And I really feel like there are no must-have games for new 3DS.
Some Nintendo loyalists would really disagree with me.
I'm sorry, I don't see a single must-have 3DS game.
Exactly. And it's just, it's kind of like, oh yeah, we really should have done that, you know, when we originally were designing the system.
New 3DS game.
Yeah. You know, we should have really had that second analog number, whatever the hell they were supposed to be doing.
You know, remember because they had that stupid, the add-on, super wide, you know, extra analog stick thing, which is dumb.
I don't know. Especially since the specs aren't that much better.
I mean, it's just slightly faster. I just don't know.
It'd be interesting to see how they sell this.
I'm really curious to see how they are going to advertise it, how they're going to sell it.
If they have some sort of program where I can trade up for it, I'm down with that. You know, that'd be kind of cool.
Oh, I'm sure GameStop is already thinking of something.
But yeah, I mean, it's just, it'd be interesting to see what exactly they're going to get out of it.
Yeah. I'm curious too. I mean, I don't have a 4K television.
No, I don't either.
Is there anything in this for me?
Slightly better looking games?
Better VR? Faster frame rates, maybe?
Why not just wait till the Neo 2, then? If this is going to set a precedent for Sony, you know, I'll deal with it like I deal with iPhones.
I'll get every other one, but I don't have to get every one when they come out.
And that's the thing too, is like, you just took pre-orders on your PlayStation VR, and you're telling me that these games aren't going to run well on the current system?
That you need this, like, you know, PlayStation 4 Neo for them to run better?
How are you selling that? I mean, seriously, that's just like,
yeah, hey, we just took pre-orders, but it's not going to run that great? Just letting you know?
That's true. Do I need to cancel my pre-order or the VR? Now I'm starting to worry.
Yeah, it's just, it's ridiculous.
We'll have to wait until E3 to see how they sell it. That's what I want to know.
Go to our chat over at live.vognetware.com. Dungeon Buster says,
psychologically, people are seeing new and upgraded Super PS4, and more than a few are upset on feeling that they have an old system.
Well, to be fair, though, this isn't something that, like, if you've ever owned an Apple product, you haven't experienced at some point, right?
And there's, you know, a lot of these upgrade things happen all the time.
So in that regard, I kind of get it, but at the same time, I'm also not convinced I need one.
And also too, you're looking at, like, you know, you're talking about apps that run differently and stuff.
We're not talking about $60 apps on the Apple systems, either.
It's just, that's a lot, you know, especially, like, if we're talking now that, like, a game's going to come out,
and I've got to wait for the reviews to come out to see how it's going to run on my system,
because it may be designed for the PlayStation 4 Neo.
It's like, oh, hey, you like that 60 frames per second frame rate?
Well, I hope you have the new system, because it's not going to get that on the other one.
I mean, I just, I don't know. We'll see.
And from what I hear, you know, with developers and stuff, they're saying that they don't like it either,
because it's, they have to prepare for all this stuff.
Yeah, if the developers don't like it, that's going to be damning.
That's why I say, like, maybe the first party games will have this whole regular mode in Neo mode,
but the third parties are going to be like, you know, we're just going to develop for the PlayStation 4
that you've already sold millions of units of, and kind of work with that.
That we can easily port over to Xbox One to get those as well.
It's also very interesting that they're doing this now, even though I think that they're pretty much like a lead platform.
Like, a lot of games run better on PlayStation 4. Is this in response to, like, the NX or something?
That is a thought, is that maybe they don't want Nintendo to have the most powerful console that's out there,
so maybe PlayStation feels the need to bump things up a little bit.
I don't think that they will, though.
I can't see Nintendo doing a high-cost system, remember?
Because they're all trying to, you know, that's the problem we've had the last few generations with Nintendo,
is they've tried to keep it budget-friendly, and so they weren't putting out these really high-end systems.
It would be a nice change, but I just don't know if I'm going to see that happening.
RageNator in chat says, to be honest, I don't see what the big deal is with 4K.
I saw Star Wars The Force Awakens in 4K, and I couldn't tell the difference between 4K and 1080p.
Hell, I still can't tell the difference between 720p and 1080p.
So, I think it would depend on, you know, how big is the TV, how many pixels are you really seeing there, but yeah.
I mean, I get it, I get it. 4K is...
Well, here's the thing.
I can tell the difference, but it's not huge.
4K, I don't know if it's how well it's being adapted.
I think right now there's not a lot of content for 4K TVs, so I think that's a problem.
And it's almost like the whole 3D TVs thing all over again.
Because remember when Sony really pushed 3D, and they're going to have all these games that supported 3D, and that went away.
It's like, is this going to be the same thing, or are we going to be pushing 4K, and it's just...
You know.
One, the games aren't necessarily going to be native 4K anyway, so it's upscaling, so...
Is that really worth it? I mean, I don't know.
And games are not going to be developed in 4K for a long time.
I mean, a lot of developers hate HD as it is, because there's so much, you know, definition that has to go into the art and so forth.
Can you imagine, you know, multiply that by 4?
They don't really do 4K on PC either. I mean, it's higher resolution, but it's not 4K, I don't think.
I mean, I just don't see... I don't really see this being that popular.
I mean, what are you really gaining? I mean, is it going to be that much of a difference?
That's the problem, is each generation when we're doing this, the jump is less and less.
I mean, there's more detail, but it's just not... you're not noticing it.
It's not like you're going from VHS to DVD, and then DVD to Blu-ray, and now Blu-ray to Ultra Blu-ray or whatever.
It's not that your diminishing returns on that.
Alright, well, moving on to a game that I doubt will be in 4K, but it's still probably going to be pretty good, and that is a new game called Pyre.
Pyre was announced this past week from the makers of Bastion.
That's right, Supergiant Games, who also made the game Transistor, announced the game Pyre.
Pyre is about three wanderers living in exile in a vast purgatory called the Downside, and they're fighting for a chance to rejoin their homeland.
It will be hitting PlayStation 4 and Steam in 2017. It's a party-based role-playing game, and it was at PAX East this week, so maybe some folks got to get their hands on that.
I don't know if they'll have any callers tonight who are at PAX East, but we skipped out this year, and I know some of our other people who usually go didn't go.
However, I do know at the Voice of the Geeks Network, the gals from the Electric Sisterhood, they did go. It's in their backyard.
I would be shocked if they didn't go. They are from Boston, so they went, and they will talk about PAX East, I'm sure, on their show this week, which airs Tuesdays here at the Voice of the Geeks Network.
Hopefully they got to get their hands on Pyre, but I do know Supergiant Games, both those games, Bastion and Transistor, very stylistic sort of games, and almost a cultish type of following behind them.
So I'm sure this Pyre is going to do very well for them as well, so looking forward to checking that out.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games that will be coming out a little bit sooner.
Alright. I'm not even prepared at all for this.
Good job, Loki. That's always the first thing you want to admit.
Exactly. Hey, it's true. I mean, we were talking all about this bad idea that is multiple systems in a certain generation, and I got distracted.
Anyways, we can talk a little bit while I'm looking this up about games I'm looking forward to.
I can't believe we're only two months away from No Man's Sky.
Finally!
I'm just like, I'm totally down for that. I can't wait for that to come out.
And it'd be kind of interesting to see what it actually is.
And the more I watch about it, the more interesting it looks, which is a good sign, versus something like Elder Scrolls Online, where the more I'd see about it, the less interested I'd become.
So I'm definitely looking forward to checking that out. That's on my, you know, I haven't pre-ordered it yet, but it is my day one purchase type thing.
It'll probably be a digital pre-order or something like that.
You know what else is coming soon that there was just a trailer for? I think it was this week or the week we were off. There was just a trailer for this, and this is coming spring of this year, apparently.
And that is Mass Effect, the ride at California.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Great America is, they say, spring this year. It's going to be open by summer.
But that's the thing, though. The ride, though, aren't they closing that park, though?
No, they are, and this was some huge news that came out this week as well. California's Great America, did I say Great Adventure? California Great America, which, for the longest time, everybody called Marriott's.
Because it was Marriott's.
Because Marriott owned it, and, you know, like the hotels or whatever. So, I don't know, maybe I'm just old or whatever, but I still call Marriott's.
Well, yeah, it used to be Marriott's Great America.
That's when I was a kid, and then it was Paramount for a long time, and they actually had Star Trek characters that would walk around.
They had the Survivor ride, Top Gun, everything was based off Paramount stuff.
But now it's the same people that own Knott's Berry Farm. So, it's Great America.
But the big news that came out this week, not just about the Mass Effect thing, but they are going to be pouring, speaking of California Adventure, they're going to be pouring a ton of money into a major renovation of the park.
Really? I thought they were closing it down to build more parking for the Niners' stadium.
No. No. They're doubling down on the theme park.
Nice. Okay, well that's cool.
Yeah.
I was like, yeah, ooh, Mass Effect ride. It will only be up for a few months because they're going to be closing down the park.
No.
I thought that, yeah, okay.
So anyways, so games that are actually coming out this week, we've got, let's see, Stranger of the Sword City on PlayStation Vita, including a limited edition before that as well.
The season, or a complete set of Tales from the Borderland coming out on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Xbox One and PC.
The Sega 3D Classics Collection on 3DS.
And Pokemon Rumble World on 3DS as well.
You know what was supposed to be coming out, but it's probably going to be delayed again. It's Mighty No. 9.
I shouldn't laugh, but I can't help but laugh just because of how deadpan you said that and what a truth that is over there.
Alright, let's travel to Japan real quick and check out some of the releases over in Japan on the PlayStation 4 this week.
In the Ultimate Hits Collection now on the PlayStation 4, which means a price reduction for Dragon Quest Heroes.
Gets a price reduction in Japan this week.
Also, Jikuyu Powerful Pro Yakuu 2016 from Konami this week in Japan.
That's the baseball game that they have in Japan that I don't think they have.
Wow, they're making games!
I know, Konami is putting out a game, how about that?
That's surprising.
Lego Marvel's Avengers gets its release on the PlayStation 4 this week in Japan.
And then Punchline in regular and limited edition, which I believe is based on an anime, at least it certainly looks like it.
That is also out in Japan this week. Again, regular and limited edition.
Checking out the Wii U, you have Lego Marvel Avengers getting its Wii U release in Japan this week as well.
You know what Punchline sounds like? It sounds like it should be a fighting game starring stand-up comedians.
I know that the comedy club here in Sacramento is called the Punchline, so I can't help but, yeah, I make the same association.
I'm like, oh, it's going to be a stand-up comic game. No, it's not like that at all.
Coming out on the Nintendo 3DS this week in Japan, this is kind of a big deal.
Hoshi no Kirby Roboble Planet is out this week in Japan.
I kind of did one of those double takes, like, whoa, already? The new Kirby game is coming out already?
But, yeah, they didn't announce it that long ago, and it's already on its way out in Japan, so check that out this week.
Roboble Planet, the new Kirby game. Somewhere ACT-F is ordering a Japanese 3DS.
There is also a new 3DS bundle coming out this week that's a Monster Hunter cross-start pack,
as if, you know, there weren't already enough Monster Hunter packs.
But you can also get Shovel Knight in an amiibo set this week in Japan.
So you can get Shovel Knight on the 3DS and your amiibo right there with it.
And, lastly, checking out the Vita this week in Japan because the Vita still gets, like, a lot of releases in Japan.
That same Jikuyu Powerful Play Pro Yakuu 2016 is out in Japan this week on the Vita.
Eve Bust Error R in regular and limited edition.
Punch Line, also on the Vita.
And Roseto Saogare no Koju in regular and premium box from Nippon Ichi comes out this week.
This game looks kind of cool. It's, like, a stylistic kind of...
It looks like it might be a horror game that's got a very stylized, like, black and white with splashes of red sort of look to it there.
So those are your Japanese releases.
Dark Sakura would usually do the UK releases, but she's not here.
So I'm going to do my best to fill in and talk about the games that are coming out on the 26th of April in Europe.
Alienation is out on the 26th, as well as Aliens vs Pinball on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and Android, iPad, iPhone, 360, PS3, Mac and PC.
And there you go.
That is it for your European releases this week.
So just another story here and then we're going to get into our classic game of the week for the week.
I'm taking it over this week. We'll let Loki do next week since we know Dark Sakura's gone next week too.
But for the pick I'm doing this week, I am picking one of my favorite games of all time that somehow has never been a classic game of the week.
So you guys try to figure out what it is while we hear this story from Loki.
So GameStop, kind of getting into the publishing game, they published a game called Song of the Deep earlier this year from Insomniac.
Or I should say they have a deal to publish that game.
They are going to be publishing games now also from Tequila Works, Ready at Dawn, and Frozenbite.
They haven't really announced which titles those are going to be yet, but some speculation.
Frozenbite just announced that Shadwin would be coming to PlayStation 4.
Tequila Works has been working on Rime and yeah, the other ones, who knows.
But interesting to see that they're doing more publishing. I remember MadCats was kind of getting into that as well.
I guess these are going to be GameStop exclusives then?
Well, GameStop's going to have to keep people going in their stores.
It's the whole digital thing we were talking about in the 360s. That becomes more and more and more.
We went there the other day actually on Friday and I was going to buy some more Disney figures, but we didn't because they didn't have any that we wanted.
And they're still doing the buy two get three free so you can't beat that on the used ones.
We did end up getting though my son Josh a Minecraft cow that you can flip it inside out and it turns into a piece of raw beef from the game.
He thinks it's awesome. He's been sleeping with it now because it's a stuffed animal.
Alright, well we are going to take a moment now to go back in time and step into the gaming vault as we visit our classic game of the week.
Every week DarkSakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game ten years old or more that she says is a classic game of the week and says,
Hey, you insufferable little brats, check out this game and worship it.
But she's not here, so this is the week I can pick Halo just to piss her off. No, just kidding. I wouldn't do that.
Because this week I am picking a game that I consider to be one of my all time favorites and probably part of the reason I'm such a big gamer as it is.
It doesn't unfortunately have a lot of music to it, but I'll try to get what there is here playing in the background a little bit.
So the classic game of the week produced by Microprose in 1991 and designed by Sid Meier.
That's right, the original Civilization is my pick for the week this week, which spawned sequel upon sequel upon sequel.
But they're all pretty good. But the original Civilization honestly is one of my, like I said several times, is one of my very favorite games.
I remember when a local PC store here in our area, they used to have like a little demo station set up where you could actually play games.
They had Civilization on it and I literally spent like two hours there.
I was going to say, how does one demo Civilization?
You just have to kind of show it on a kiosk and kind of let people play it.
And I got obsessed and I would like beg my mom and beg my dad, buy me the game, buy me, buy me, buy me, buy me, until it finally worked.
And finally I got good grades or something and we finally got this game at home.
So it was, Civilization was the game.
And you can hear the rocking ad-lib soundtrack there in the background.
Because again PCs in 91, sound blasters weren't exactly everywhere at that point.
So you didn't have a lot of like voice to speech or the real like super harmonies and things that we have now.
But Civilization was originally developed for DOS on a PC.
And there have been revisions for other platforms.
So they did do a Windows version of Civilization.
They did a Mac version as well.
Amiga, Atari ST, PlayStation had a version as well, which I must admit I've never played.
The N-Gage had one, which I really never played.
And also the Super Nintendo had a version of Civilization.
Super Nintendo also had like Sim Earth.
They had a lot of interesting stuff on the Super Nintendo.
But anyway there was also CivNet, and I played that too.
That was a huge deal. That was released in 95.
That was the first time you could play Civilization with other people.
Because the first release of Civilization, you know, 91, the multiplayer gaming thing hadn't caught on as much yet.
So it was pretty much you versus the computer.
You didn't really play.
I think you could do round robin turns.
Like you could have a hot seat that you rotate people in and out.
But that's not the most exciting way to play a game.
So they did CivNet where you could play online.
That came a lot later.
And of course Civilization, it is a mostly single player, but you could play multiplayer round robin strategy game.
You are the ruler of a Civilization, and all you start with is a settler unit.
Sometimes if you start in a shitty part of the map, it'll give you two settler units as a bonus.
But you get the settlers, and you are trying to build an empire in competition with anywhere from two to six other civilizations, depending on the game settings.
You do have to micromanage things, including what is your city building?
Where is your military going?
Where are you exploring?
Are you improving the land that your city is next to?
Are you researching the technologies you need?
Do you want technology that's going to get you better buildings that make people happy?
Or do you want technology that's going to get you better guns because you're going to overrun your enemies with guns?
And that was a big part of Civilization, which later games really kind of explored more was what kind of ruler are you going to be in?
What is your path to victory?
But even in the original Civilization, there were several different ways to win the game.
You could either just play the game out to the year 2100, in which case I guess whoever had the top score would win.
I never would win that way.
But there was also Space Age, where if you were the first civilization to build a spaceship and settle on Alpha Centauri, then you would also win the game there.
Or you could just kill everybody else.
If you dominated and overruled every other civilization in the world, you could also win the game that way.
Also, another big part of Civilization was that you could build wonders of the world.
And as you built these wonders of the world, that could be the pyramids, to the Great Wall, to more modern things like the Manhattan Project that would allow you to use nuclear weapons.
You would build these things and they would have some big benefit for your civilization that no other civilization would get.
That might be just something like plus one happiness in every city.
That might be the ability to use a certain technology that nobody else can.
And I noticed a comment in our chat over at live.vognetware.com says, Dungeon Buster says, I put the pyramids in Moscow because you could.
A lot of folks remember the personalities that this game gave to the various leaders of civilizations.
Because you could play as a leader of a famous civilization.
Like you could be Abraham Lincoln was the representative they had from the Americans.
But you could be, I think Queen Elizabeth was in there from the British Empire.
You could play as Genghis Khan from the Mongolians.
Then Gandhi from the Indian civilization.
That one's kind of infamous, right?
Because Gandhi didn't exactly act like you would expect Gandhi to act because of a little bit of a bug in the way the game was coded.
Gandhi loved to use nuclear weapons more than anybody else.
And that was because originally the designers set him to be low.
Like he was the lowest of the nuclear weapons.
But there was some modifier that would in the game might cause it to go like a negative one on everybody in their chance to use nuclear weapons.
But when that happened to Gandhi it was like you were rolling back the odometer and it set it back to 900,999.
So Gandhi would nuke your ass in a heartbeat.
And so everybody remembers playing against Gandhi.
And unfortunately for such an important historical figure, what an asshole this game made him.
But we are all able to separate game from real life I would hope.
Anyway, Sid Meier of course, a great genius in game design honestly who developed this game.
Who admitted that he borrowed a lot of the technology ideas from the board game Civilization which was published in the UK in 1980.
But otherwise unrelated.
There was a board game of the computer game Haumetta that was published in 2002 however.
Apparently Meier was actually not the first designer to do a computer version of the board game Civilization.
But he's the first that actually carried it out.
Danielle Berry was going to do it after M.U.L.E. and if you ever played that, that was a really in-depth game.
And also the Seven Cities of Gold was something that was worked on by Danielle.
But then that just never came to fruition.
And then, yeah, but Meier's did Pirates and kind of ended up doing Civilization.
Civilization originally was going to be a real time game.
But Sid Meier felt it was too similar to other strategy games like Sim City.
So he decided to do something where each turn would take a predetermined amount of time and then would automatically execute.
He went back to the game after Railroad Tycoon and made sure that there was an emphasis on entertainment so that the game was fun.
He did not want to simulate a fall of Civilization despite the historical accuracy.
He didn't want the game to regularly destroy the player's country.
Originally, multiplayer alliances were omitted because the computer was using them too effectively, causing players to think that the computer was cheating.
But don't you know the computer always cheats? They always cheat.
Anyway, Civilization of course followed by several sequels.
Civ 2 in 96, Civ 3 in 2001, Civ 4 in 2005, Civ 5 in 2010, and then in 94 there was also Colonization which also got a remake in the Civilization 4 engine.
If you've never played a Civilization game, Civilization 5 is really a fine place to start.
It's probably my favorite in the entire series next to the original.
But I would not overlook, speaking of Xbox 360 and all that, Civilization Revolution, or Civ Rev for short, in 2008 that was on the 360 and I believe the Playstation 3 as well,
is a great version that I think is more similar to the first game than anything else.
But it actually kind of works on a console in ways that the other games would never work so well on a console.
There you go. There it is, your classic game of the week, Sid Meier's Civilization, and one of my absolute favorite games of all time.
Have you played the original Civilization, Logie? Are you a fan?
No, and I've got Civ, like I have several versions of Civ and Steam, but I have not played it, including Civ 5.
Well the later games get even worse with the whole, just one more turn, that's all I wanted, just one more turn, then I'll be done, I promise.
And it never works out that way.
Alright, well there's your classic game of the week, but we've got plenty more show to come.
We're going to take a quick break and when we come back, rapid fire news, Fugu question of the week, and also your calls.
We're going to take your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
We're going to handle all that when we come back after a quick break with more of OrangeLoungeRadio.
Welcome back everybody to OrangeLoungeRadio, live tonight with the 638th episode of our show for this April 24th of 2016.
If you're just joining us live at the Voice of the East Network, vog.network.com.
You missed a fun part A, we were reminiscing about random Final Fantasy games, that's what happened,
and then we were talking about some of the week's news, including the PlayStation 4 redesign rumors,
as well as the sunsetting of the Xbox 360, where they're not going to be making any new consoles.
And I was getting into the classic game of the week, which I picked Civilization for this week with Dark Soccer,
she's out sick this week recovering from laryngitis, which, you know, very hard to do a radio show when you have laryngitis.
But that caused some folks in chat to be talking about, you know, some of the later Civ games,
such as Civ IV and RageNator in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
best part of Civilization IV, Leonard Nimoy. Yeah, that's right, he did a lot of the voiceovers.
The later Civilization games brought new stuff, like Civ II, I remember,
which actually was probably one of my least favorite Civilization games in retrospect,
which I know some people would raise me for, but that game had like the full motion videos
when you would build the wonders of the world, and that was, you know,
that was that era when those are really big, seeing the full motion videos.
So, yeah, good stuff in those Civ games, lots of great memories.
It makes me want to go and play Civ V, only I have to book like a 14 hour window somewhere on the weekend to be able to do that,
and I don't know, I don't know if I can game like that anymore.
So this was a weird week though, I wanted to make sure we brought this up on the show at some point,
although not totally gaming related, we can kind of tie it to gaming.
But, you know, I mentioned that we were off last week because of the passing of my grandma,
it had happened, and I got the news the same day the show was supposed to be done,
and, you know, it was kind of a rough week because there was just reminders of our mortality,
I suppose, just all week long as we heard about the passing of so many people throughout the week,
including what Doris Roberts from Everybody Loves Raymond had passed away, the sassy,
which by the way, no relation, bless their heart, somebody thought when they heard that my grandma passed away,
thought it might have been that, because it actually was the same day.
And I mean, to be fair, my real, Roberts is just a radio name, it's not my real last name.
There is a tie to gaming though, wasn't she in Grandma's Boy?
Oh, probably, that's totally, yeah, I think that was her, that's totally the type of character that she would play.
But I was totally flattered, somebody would think I would have her sense of humor,
because she was one of those sassy old broads that we love, just like Betty White,
who I hope to hell is in a protective bubble immediately, just saying, after this week.
And then we lost Chyna this week, which was, you know, that was a surprise,
because Chyna was very young, but Chyna really paved the way.
And what's interesting, we had just had a conversation about wrestling on one of my other shows,
Guys on a Show, I had one of my lady friends on.
So where did she die from?
I don't know if they said, I don't know if any of the autopsy stuffs have come out yet,
and I don't want to speculate, so I don't know why she died, but she died.
And you know, she obviously broke down walls, she Hulk smashed down walls for women in wrestling,
and you know, just so much that she did in showing that women can get in there and play with the boys
when it comes to wrestling, and I'm sure Chyna had to be in one of those wrestling video games at some point, right?
She had to have been, she had to have been. So there's that.
And then, of course, the one that everybody's talking about is Prince, with the shocking passing of Prince on Friday,
which, you know, it was so similar to when Michael Jackson passed away a few years ago,
in your 50s is not that old, that's still really young, a surprise, because nobody knew he was sick,
although now people are reading into, did he know he was sick, because he said something in his last show,
he played his last show in Atlanta, probably a week before he died, and he said something like,
save your prayers, or something like that, because, I don't know, it was very cryptic stuff going on,
but anyway, I don't want to tinfoil hat too much.
But, I don't know if you know, but Prince actually had, like, a game, it was more of like a multimedia experience,
it was kind of back in the day when CD-ROM, I remember, I never played it, but I remember seeing it on the shelf,
I remember seeing it at, like, Costco, or whatever that was called, I don't think it was called Costco back in 94,
I think they called it something else, or Costco Bottom, Costco Plus, was that a thing?
Oh, that's the import store.
That's the import store. What do they call the club stores here? Price Club! That's what they were called here,
and then they got bought. Remember that? Yeah. So I think I remember seeing the Prince thing at Price Club,
amongst other, you know, video games that were out at the time, and that was more of like a multimedia experience,
because, you know, there were a lot of similarities, a lot of similarities being drawn between Prince and David Bowie,
who obviously was also a huge, unanticipated loss this past year, but just what they both did for multimedia,
and really kind of using these new experimental formats to push things forward, I mean, this was something Bowie did,
this was something Prince did, and this was right at the height, I believe the game was just the love symbol,
the experience, because that was in the years when he was going by the symbol, right, which everybody made fun of,
tongue in cheek, but, you know, when you kind of listen to the reasons why he did it, it made a lot of sense.
So anyway, just shocking stuff this week, and I just wanted to take a moment to tip my hat and, you know,
say that I know Prince is, everybody knows at least one damn Prince song, everybody's probably fucked to at least one Prince song,
let's just blow that out of there, everybody's probably fucked to a Prince song at some point in their life,
or if you haven't, you will. You know, it's just like, that's just, his music is legend, and just, God,
even if the stuff you remember most, like, you know, obviously for me, I remember when doves cry,
and I remember seeing that video on MTV back when MTV played videos, and I remember, I probably only would have been
about five, six years old, but that was the first time I saw, like, a dude on TV that was, like, pretty like that,
and yes, I realize, again, people like Bowie and stuff were doing it, you know, as well, but, you know,
with the age that I was, Prince was really the first time I remember seeing that on TV, and yet he could have the sparkles,
and the purple tights, and the assless jeans, or, I'm sorry, the assless, whatever that thing was he wore at the MTV awards
that one year, and yet he still oozed a lot of that, you know, masculinity, and he really, you know, Prince was straight
as far as I know, and he really kind of, like, bended that line a lot of, you know, what's masculine, what's feminine,
who fucking cares, that I thought was always really cool about something that he did, so, but I will say about Prince
is that if you only know, like, his older stuff, like, go listen to some of his newer records on a whim,
because, like, he puts out, like, I was just listening to the last album he did, as I'm sure a lot of you were
when you heard he passed, I listened to some of the stuff from the last album he did, and it's still very good,
I don't know why the new stuff doesn't get played on the radio these days either, but I guess, you know,
that's just radio for you, what can you do? Dungeon Buster in chat says, but David Bowie really embraced tech
going so far as to write an original song for Omicron Nomad Soul. Yes, that might be true, but I don't want to
turn it into a competition, I think they both pushed the envelopes in their own separate ways, as artists tend to do,
and there were very few people, I mean, it was an exclusive club, this club of people that embraced the online,
the CD-ROM, and all these technologies, it's a very, very, very small club that Prince and, you know, Bowie had both
belonged to. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, please realize, Prince wrote a song about Batman that people could make
love to. Accurate! That soundtrack is everything, it really is. Dungeon Buster says, Prince did everything, played
everything, and literally wrote everything, he was an incredible artist, and was also hugely protective of his music.
That's true, when you wanted to go listen to Prince music because he passed away, you weren't going to find it on YouTube,
you weren't going to find it on Spotify, you had to go to, you know, you had to buy it on iTunes, or you had to buy it,
I'm assuming it's on Tidal, or you know, some of those places, and sometimes Prince gets a lot of shit for that, but I read an
article that talked about the reasons why Prince was so protective of his music, and it kind of dates back to, you guys
know he had rocky relationships with his record companies early on, it kind of has traces in that, and when you kind of read
about it, it makes a lot of sense. So, you know, love him or hate him for that. You know, it was Prince's music, he could do
what he wants with it, for better or for worse, and if he wants to keep it protected and as locked down as he can, he has the
right to do that. Tigerclaws says, my experience with Prince was during the beginning of MTV, they used to play a lot of his
music videos, and those were my first exposure to Prince. I wasn't a huge Prince fan, but I remember hearing his music on it.
Let's see, Alan Alchemy says, the irony in homophobic idiots calling Prince fruity when the man literally couldn't turn his head
without planting a part of his face into a vulva. Accurate, accurate. Let's see, Bobby Blackwolf says, according to a Kevin Smith
talk, he has a huge catalog of unreleased tracks with music videos, so we may not have heard the last of Prince. Kevin Smith
also did a whole documentary that Prince locked in the same vault. Dungeon Buster says, according to one of his former producers,
there's literally enough unreleased music in there to release an album every year until the end of the century. You know, I wonder
if we're going to find out it was one of those things where maybe Prince knew he was going to be passing away, and so he was starting
to stockpile a lot of this. I mean, I kind of think he was always doing that anyway, but he especially started doing it with the
documentary and everything. Because, you know, Bowie had cancer, tragically, and was doing something, I mean, he knew Black Star was
probably going to be his last album, at least while he was still alive. And when you heard a song like Lazarus, like, those lyrics are
fucking haunting. Because, what is it? Sorry if I misquote this on the spot in live radio, but he says something like, hello, I'm in heaven,
you know, type of thing. It's like, ooh, scary. But it'll be interesting to see kind of what comes of the posthumous stuff from Prince
and so forth, but what a tragedy. Anyway, I'm sorry, I know that's not completely video games, but I think it's just something we're all
thinking about this week, so sometimes we're a little more than just video games here at OLR. But I do want to get back into video games.
Loki, you're going to start us off with some rapid-fire news, right?
Yeah. So, there was a stealth release for Mojang for a game called Crown and Council. It's on Steam.
I did play that this week. I didn't talk about it during my gaming week, because I knew you were going to bring this up, but it reminds me a lot
of an early 90s PC strategy game, which is not that bad.
It kind of looks like an early 90s PC strategy game. So, Crown and Council, you can go check that out. It's a pixelated, fast-paced strategy game
about dominating lands as a monarch and trying to keep rivals from doing the same.
It kind of plays like a board game, too. I don't know if you realize this looking at the pictures and so forth, but it plays a lot like a board game.
It reminds me of Risk or something, so check it out for sure.
Yep. And then, you know, we heard a lot about modding Smash Brothers on the Wii, but this is the first I've heard of something on the Wii U.
They have modded Ryu's skin to change him into Goku.
So, you can play as Goku now in Smash Brothers. I'm assuming as some sort of modded version of the game.
Pretty cool. I wonder if we'll get into some more of the complex stuff that they did with the last Smash game.
And then finally, you know, we've been asking the question every time we hear something about Street Fighter.
So, whatever did happen to Tekken Cross Street Fighter? And apparently, we have an answer. It's on hold for the moment.
Uh-oh.
And this is coming from Katsuhiro Harada.
That wasn't what they said like six months ago, by the way. I remember bringing this up on the show not that long ago, and they talked about,
yeah, it's still, you know, we've still got ideas. It was like a non-answer answer.
Yeah, it basically said, you know, Street Fighter V just released. A lot of people are playing it feverly.
There's a large crowd of them out there waiting, or Tekken 7. We don't split these communities, or we don't want to split these communities.
A good window in which to release Tekken Cross Street Fighter is something that's becoming difficult recently.
So, it's on the hold for the moment.
That's weird. I just feel like they're going to have to go back and build it from the ground up because, you know, again, so much time has gone by.
They have to catch it up for the current consoles, huh?
I don't know. I think they could build it up the Tekken 7 engine.
All right.
Why not?
Well, some rapid-fire news over here. I know a lot of you guys get really excited about the Games Done Quick marathons, and the announcement for Summer Games Done Quick came out.
Summer Games Done Quick will be in Minneapolis. I didn't realize they moved it from place to place, but they must, because winter was in DC, right?
So, summer is going to be in Minneapolis. It's going to be from July 3rd to July 10th, which, for a lot of people, that's good news because that means the 4th of July is right in that.
So, a lot of y'all will be off work, so I know you're just going to get on the couch in your underwear in a big tub of popcorn and watch the Summer Games Done Quick.
Some of the games you will be seeing. Catherine, Demon's Souls, Mighty Switchforce Hyperdrive Edition, Fast Racing Neo, the Tetris is coming back this year.
What do they call that? The Tetris...
Was it World Championship?
Yeah, it's the ones in Japan that aren't out here. The Grandmaster. Thank you, Darcy.
Grandmaster.
That is going to be a part of it as well this time.
Sadly, what will not be a part of it this time, P.T. I believe Flacco submitted for P.T. because you know he has one of the top three speedruns, but unfortunately I'm not seeing it in the schedule.
So, maybe for next winter. Maybe it's more appropriate as a Halloween choice. We'll see.
Some folks surprised when an extra $5 showed up in their Steam wallet, and good news, guys, that $5 credit that's showing up on Steam, that actually is not a scam or anything like that.
What is up with that is if you bought Dark Souls 3 with the Steam Controller Bundle, you were supposed to get an extra discount that actually never posted to your account.
So, Valve never really gave a big update as to why that happened, but that's what happened.
The $5 that came from Valve's MasterCard or whatever, that was a legit thing that is brought to you by if you bought the Dark Souls 3 Steam Controller Bundle. So don't worry about that.
Also, apparently it's been leaked that there is a Batman Arkham HD collection. Now, it's from a GameStop employee memo, so, you know, here's your salt lick to go with it.
But, I mean, it does make sense. It makes sense, exactly. It's kind of one of those, you know, when's this happening?
Remastered versions of Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, along with the DLC, supposed to be remastered, but not in the collection, Batman Arkham Origins, but of course that was done by a different studio, so it makes sense.
But the Arkham Knight, not in this collection, but that was on PS4 anyway, so it makes sense that these games are probably coming out for the holidays.
Apparently pre-orders are going live and the game will release on June 10th, so maybe that's, I don't know.
Raginator says, aren't the Arkham games already in HD? Yeah, I mean, because PlayStation 3 is HD.
It's HD-er.
Yeah, it's more HD-er.
It's just like, why do we need 4K? I don't know.
They're going to run, it's going to be bigger, badder, and better on PlayStation 4, just like, what, God of War, or Journey, or, I mean, come on, it's not the first game to go from the PlayStation 3 up to the PlayStation 4.
There you go.
Alright, let's get to the foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities, we slam those words together, we call it foogle.
And this week we asked, aren't these rumors about upgraded consoles mid-cycle interesting?
Haven't you read about the PS4 and Neo and the Xbox One upgrade rumors? What do you think of them?
Would you consider buying a PlayStation 4 and Neo, and that's what I'm calling it until we know a different name, if it was released this holiday.
Over on Google Plus, womp womp, nobody answered.
I hear Act Deft is at a tournament this evening, so that might be part of the reason why, so I don't know.
But anyway, let's go over to Facebook and read some of the answers there, where Fifth Dream says,
I have very mixed feelings about this. While Sony is trying very hard to make sure the user base isn't split between the base console and an upgraded one,
I can't help thinking that an upgraded PlayStation 4 will be all but required to get the most out of games in the near future.
Having said that, I've already made tentative plans to sell my current PlayStation 4 to a friend who's been wanting one, so I can upgrade to a Neo cheap if the rumors are true.
Fat Cylon replied, which by the way, I love that name. I think that's a new name, I don't think I've seen that before, so welcome Fat Cylon.
Uh, yep, I'll be getting one, though I'm curious how obsolete it would make my current PS4.
I could definitely use two consoles, but I'm hoping the Neo isn't so superior it renders the older version useless.
I'm sure there will be trade-in deals, but we all know how lame those can be.
End of the day, if I'm going to have a PlayStation 4 as my primary choice for gaming, it has to be the best available, so it might be a case of SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
Uh, Rettertainment says, I've been following the rumors due to the fact that these rumors are reported as news.
As far as buying one, like many things, it will depend on price, availability, and desire for the product.
Desire is the critical element. Remember, despite being available, I have yet to buy a 4K HDTV, due mostly to me not knowing of anybody who distributes content I want to watch in 4K resolution.
Um, I think Netflix does 4K, for certain things.
Well, that's the thing though, Netflix may do HD and everything, but I can tell you this much, I am not getting those types of streams through my stuff.
Yeah.
It's, I mean, even if it were to come over as 4K, I mean, it's just not gonna, you have to have the bandwidth for that, and it's gonna come in compressed, I mean, it's just gonna look not good.
I think a lot of it too is like documentaries and nature stuff, like, let's fly around Yellowstone in an airplane, or let's look at volcanoes erupting in Hawaii in 4K.
Like, and this, this is the same type of stuff whenever there's new technology, it always starts with the National Geographic stuff.
And here's the problem.
And I'll tell you why 4K is just not working out right now.
It's cause there's no porn in 4K.
There's not enough 4K porn.
You say that jokingly, but, I don't know.
That's probably a big part of it.
Even The Rift has porn.
Yes it does.
That's why the time for VR is now.
VX JasonXV, by the way, saying there is absolutely 4K porn.
How do you know?
Well, there is, but it's not prevalent.
Alright, it's not mainstream. It's not mainstream is what you're saying.
Alright, VX JasonXV says, if you think there isn't any, you haven't looked.
That is true.
And it is true.
This is the internet looking.
I have not looked because I do not have anything that I could play back 4K porn on, cause it ain't gonna happen on my laptop.
You can downsample it to really pretty 1080 porn.
Back to the question.
I apologize for the porn tangent.
Right in the middle of listener feedback.
Right before poor William Murderface's answer.
We gotta porn up the show.
Jeez.
Anyway, back to William Murderface.
I own neither, and I will probably pick up a PS4 sooner or later because of Kingdom Hearts 3.
So if I can get my first one and it has more power than the base, why not?
On the other hand, the idea of games that are exclusive to these variants or run badly on the older variants sound like a very bad idea.
This is interesting though as it shows that more and more consoles are becoming almost indistinguishable from PCs.
Hopefully that fact will encourage them to anticipate problems and learn from their PC forebears.
Andy Arz says, didn't like the idea of the new 3DS and don't like the idea of the Neo.
And this is coming from someone who uses their PlayStation 4 on a daily basis.
I'd rather have to not buy the same console more than once per gen.
And while I like pretty games, I'm not to the level of the PC mustard rice where I care enough to spend a ton of money for slightly better graphics.
I see what you did there.
All that said, we'll see if Sony can change my mind when they officially announce it.
I will say I think the people who are getting too bent out of shape over this should wait and see how Sony announces it.
And that's the other thing too is like do we really need to push like cutting edge graphics?
Because look at some of the great games that are out now.
The graphics are good enough.
They're not pushing, you know, like Enter the Gungeon is like a 16-bit quality game.
I mean it's, you don't, that's not going to benefit from 4K.
No, well, the sharper retro graphics, sharper.
Pixel so sharp it'll poke you in the eye.
That's the new tagline for OLR by the way.
If OLR ever does a gaming studio, or YYR, you want a tagline for your gaming studio, there you go.
Pixel so sharp they'll poke you in the eye.
Tigerclaw says, I currently own both consoles, but with the two getting upgrades this will be a problem if they start developing games that run poorly on current consoles.
Some games will probably only run at 30 frames per second, but at 60 frames per second on the new ones.
Think of what happened with the 3DS.
Nintendo has developed games that take advantage of the new 3DS features, but that poorly run on the old 3DS.
Yes, that's true.
By the way, I'm just saying to Andy R, Chatroom is loving the mustard rice thing.
Kaijuto says, I love mustard rice, great way to slap those stuck up PC gamers in the face.
Actually, it might sound weird, but I like mustard and I like rice, so I don't know if I'd like them together, but maybe I wouldn't truly know until I've tried.
I can tell you this much though, Benihana's mustard sauce is fucking delicious.
Have you ever eaten that and then some rice?
And I have had it on their fried rice and it's fucking delicious, so yes, it would definitely work.
Benihana mustard rice.
Seriously, that mustard sauce, they have the recipe online at Benihanas.com or something like that.
You make that shit, you can put it on anything. It's fucking delicious.
That does sound pretty amazing.
Oh, now I'm craving the best thing in the world to put mustard on.
A soft pretzel.
Like the kind you get at Costco or a baseball game.
Those are the best, in my opinion. Anyway.
Hey, one more answer over on Facebook.
We keep getting derailed here at OLR. When does that happen?
Guillermo R. lastly on Facebook says, people spend much more money on annual phone upgrades.
And it's not that different from upgrading your video card on the PC every few years to get a performance boost on the newer games.
My last video card cost more than any of the current consoles at launch.
I don't think it's such a big deal. If you can't afford the upgrade, stick with the current one.
At least they're mandating software compatibility between the two versions.
And Sony is reportedly prohibiting Neo-exclusive games.
If you want better performance, pay for it.
What's the point then? If they're just... What's the point then? Seriously.
I kind of like half agree with the comment. I agree with the whole, thank gosh they're mandating that you can't do Neo-exclusive.
So it's hard to get super bad.
For now. That's not always going to be the case.
That's true.
And we don't know anything. We're just speculating.
That's true. We don't know. It's all tinfoil hats until E3.
I need E3.
Or I need the press conferences anyway.
Alright. There it is. Your rapid fire, excuse me, your Fugu question of the week and your rapid fire news for the week.
Be sure to friend us on Facebook and Google Plus to get more questions.
In the meantime, let's get back to some more news. Loki, what do you have for us?
Alright. So we have something that really should have been enabled a long time ago.
And that's two-factor authentication for the Playstation Network.
Finally getting it now five years later after the whole breach that happened.
They're going to make it available to you.
Apparently you could use this via, it's a text message using a special smartphone or desktop application.
And basically, you know, it's something similar to what you see with a lot of other companies that do two-factor authentication.
But yeah, I'm down with that.
Yeah. I will definitely enable this for PSN myself.
Yeah. I do that for Steam because I've been starting to see a lot of like, oh, hey, someone's tried to log into your Steam account.
Yep. Steam guard is awesome. And honestly, I really can't stress this enough to you guys out there.
If you're not using two-factor authentication, you really should look into it.
You really, really, I mean, it is, it's so important.
Especially if you have a smartphone that you like carry it with you or whatever, you really need to use it.
Especially if nothing else, use it on your email.
If nothing else, use it on your email. I would say use it on your bank account too.
But use it on your email so that way only you can access your email because, you know, it sends you a text message with the code or whatever.
And, you know, you have that wherever you go.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says Steam guard is now required to use the Steam market.
I didn't realize that. I adopted Steam guard as soon as it was out.
I think they offered like a free trading card or a badge or something for enabling Steam guard.
I was like, oop, okay.
Badge, you say?
But then also at the same time, two-factor authentication, and yeah, there's plenty of people in chat piping up.
Jason says use two-factor authentication everywhere. Everywhere.
Yeah, I use TFA as the hip kids call it.
I use that, I use it on Twitter, I use it on Facebook, I use it on mail, I use it everywhere that it's available.
And it's, you know, at first, the Twitter one is the most annoying one because when Twitter, when you log in, it sends a ping to your phone.
And you have to log into the app on your phone and accept it.
But if the push message doesn't come through, like they have it buried in the app.
If the push message comes through, you just swipe on the push message and it takes you right to the screen where you allow access.
But if it, oh my God, if it doesn't push through, then like you have to go in, I have, you guys are going to laugh, you ready for this?
On Twitter, I have, I want to say seven accounts that I manage or own.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, yeah, I have seven accounts on Twitter that I manage or own.
So I have to go into my right account that I want to use first, then I have to go into the options for that account,
and then I have to, like it's buried in menus.
But you know what, I would rather be slightly inconvenienced than have my Twitter taken over.
I have a four letter name on Twitter that I think people want in other countries.
So I will keep that two factor authentication on even if it does take me 30 more seconds to get logged in, I don't care.
Bobby Blackwolf pointing out, I'm glad to have the Microsoft one, I get people trying to social engineer my gamertag about twice a year.
And I know this because the person on the phone sends me a code via all my devices to have the guy try to social engineer them, read back, and then I get the survey.
Sheesh.
Alright, and Raginator says, seven accounts, Sky?
Well, keep in mind, I'm, yeah, and actually ActDeft actually named them all. He named them all.
The only one he missed, I have a professional account that I don't cross over into my, it has to do with stuff I do for my day job, so I don't cross the stream, so to speak.
So that's the seventh one you're missing from your list, ActDeft.
Good call, though. Wow, ActDeft knows all my Twitter accounts, I might be a little frightened.
Alright.
I think I have like four or five of them.
Yeah, I mean, you just, you know, you have, it's all the podcasts that I co-host. They're not all solely mine, but like, for example, Reading is Fundamental podcast.
Technically, John made that Twitter account, but I log into it because I do the Twitter portion of that show, so I have it on my phone.
So, you know, I didn't create all seven of those accounts, but I did create maybe four of them.
So, anyway.
Alright, let's move on. Let's talk about some Twitch changes.
You know, Twitch, more and more people watching Twitch, socializing on Twitch.
Pretty soon you're going to have friends on Twitch.
You know, I have to admit, maybe the chat room can help me out here because I'm having a hard time understanding how friends is different from the follows you have today.
I mean, you know, I guess right now on Twitch it's mutual following, but you aren't exactly saying, I'm friends with this person.
Like, I might follow somebody, but you could actually be friends with them now in this update that's going to be coming to Twitch, which means, excuse me, you'll be able to have 500 friends on a list, and it'll actually show you who is online, and you'll be able to whisper those friends with a click.
So, I'm assuming that's one of the big differences, because I could just follow somebody to see, like, when they're going live, but I can't necessarily communicate to them privately unless they're actually my friend.
So, that seems to be one of the big differences there.
The friends beta starts on April 22nd, so it just started during PAX.
Selected community members, including anybody who was at that town hall that happened at PAX East, and I guess they allowed people to sign up at their booth as well.
Since I wasn't at PAX East, I'm not in this program, but that's okay, I'm not really a heavy Twitch user right now anyway.
I always say I'm going to get in on it, and then I end up starting another podcast instead.
But anyway, Twitch director of programming, Marcus Graham, saying,
Friends is the latest social feature in Twitch's ongoing effort to help gamers connect with one another.
While Twitch always has been a great platform for broadcasters to connect with viewers, now viewers will be able to connect with each other as well.
And Jason in our chat room, who I know is a big Twitch person, was the guy that got me to go to TwitchCon last year, says,
Follows is for live notifications, Friends is for conversation.
That's a pretty good way to clarify it there, thank you.
So there you go, that's going to be coming to Twitch.
Maybe trying to take on Facebook messaging in a way, but with the gamer audience.
Because people, you know, they're logged into Twitch, they're right there, they've got their attention, very easy to send people messages.
So, as long as they keep the spammers out, I'm good.
But I'm assuming the friending has to be mutual, so that'll help quite a bit.
Alright, let's move on, Loki.
Alright, so, I guess I'm not very surprised by this, but it's another Five Nights at Freddy's game being announced, or teased.
There's a new series that's going to be starting at Sister Location.
And that's just being teased on Scott Cawthorn's webpage there for Five Nights at Freddy's.
And, yeah.
So I guess we'll see another Five Nights game coming, maybe with a different set of characters.
Yeah, maybe, because you know the whole Five Nights RPG was pretty bumpy, and he had some issues with that.
And we kind of talked about that in a previous episode, I don't want to keep kicking dirt on it.
But maybe he's like, alright, time to move on.
And the last Freddy game was supposed to be the last one anyway, the RPG thing was just kind of a side show, side project thing.
So, you know, I'm not surprised at all, he'll probably want to tie it to Five Nights at Freddy's without it necessarily being a Five Nights at Freddy's game.
It is a Five Nights at Freddy's game, though.
Hmm.
Because it says Sister Location, but very lightly above it says Five Nights at Freddy's.
Yeah, but if the last one was the last game, well, who knows.
Never say never.
Never say never.
It's like a horror movie spin-off thing.
I want to see the horror movie.
They're supposed to be making a horror movie that's got life, practical effects and everything.
I want to totally see that.
I have no interest, I don't really play the games, but I think that'd be awesome.
Some folks in chat over at live.vognetware.com.
Akdev says, more Five Nights, but not at Freddy's.
Kaijuta says, Five Nights at Betty's.
His sister.
I could see that, probably.
Five Nights at Betty's, why not?
Betty Boop becomes an evil killer in the middle of the night.
She kind of looks evil, so.
Yeah, she stabs you in the throat and boop boop boop.
It'll be based off the drawn together character.
Oh god, oh god.
She was, she was a mess.
What the hell would they call her on that show?
I love that show.
I don't, god, I don't even remember.
I don't remember that.
I know Xander was the role-playing and then the, um, the one that was the take on Josie and the pussycats.
God, I can't remember any of their names.
Yeah.
It was sad.
For a show that was so funny.
There was the princess, right?
Yeah, I remember that.
Then there was the Adam Carolla guy that was really fucking annoying.
Right?
Was he the, was he the Pikachu guy at the time?
No, the Pikachu one was like very, um, like was, like spoke Japanese or was supposed to be speaking Japanese.
I don't, I don't know who the Adam Carolla guy was.
Oh, he was the pig.
There was a talking pig.
Oh, that's right, the pig.
Yeah.
Cause he actually was a pig.
I don't know who that was.
I don't know if that was supposed to be a riff on the, the Acres cartoons from Garfield.
I think it was supposed to be like, uh, Porky Pig maybe.
Oh, good lord.
Jason knows them all.
Woldor, Toot, the name of the character was Toot, uh, Ling Ling, Foxy, Xander, Clara, Spanky, and Captain Hero.
Thank you, Jason.
I can always count on you.
Yeah, Woldor was, wasn't that the SpongeBob character or something?
Yes, that's right.
There was the creepy SpongeBob thing.
All right.
I got it.
And VXJXV says, Spanky Ham is a parody of crass internet flash animation cartoons, according to the show's creator.
Dear God, if they ever bring up who wants, if they ever bring back who wants to be a millionaire and I'm on it, Jason's gonna be my phone-a-friend.
Jason would be the guy smart enough to have the Google search up and ready when I call him too.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about esports.
Esports, it keeps growing.
A report out this week saying that the esports industry is supposed to be making a cool $463 million in revenue in 2016.
This is a report from PWC.
Uh, this is the financial services firm that was once known as PricewaterhouseCoopers.
That is a 43% increase from 2015.
Um, according to the PWC report, uh, League of Legends is the most popular game by viewership.
But 63% of viewers say that they're tuning in for first-person shooters, which is probably why you see Blizzard wanting to get in there with Overwatch and, you know, you see that grow.
Why Doom is suddenly coming back.
You know, all this.
Um, the women that were surveyed in the poll were more likely to describe themselves as involved in esports than the guys.
Interesting.
Esports may be a less male-centric area than people tend to think.
Uh, major outlets, of course, getting into, uh, the streaming and the esports.
Uh, Yahoo has an esports division.
There's gonna be that TBS Cable League.
Twitch, of course, trying to grow their own thing.
Uh, they are really trying to bring it up to a level where more traditional sports are at.
Uh, by the way, uh, NBA Commissioner David Stern has some words for people who, you know, do not agree with esports.
Of course it is a sport.
It fills arenas and stadiums, has an OTT network built on it.
Twitch.
And there is a robust market in team purchases that seems to be developing.
So, um, you at least have one, uh, champion in there and, you know, the NBA Commissioner is, uh, nothing to, uh, you know, scoff at when it comes to, uh, who knows what they're talking about when it comes to sports.
So.
Alright.
Um, let's move on.
Just, uh, I guess it's time for the mailbag, huh?
Shall we do the mailbag?
We shall.
Let's do it.
Uh, every week you guys email us.
Participate at Orangeloungeradio.com is the place where you send your emails.
And we pick our favorites and we read them live on air.
And unfortunately I don't have the, uh, theme ready tonight.
Uh, I am multitasking too much without dark soccer right here.
I'm having to multitask too much so we'll have to do without the theme tonight as I, uh, dive into the mailbag here and read a couple of emails that we have.
Uh, again our email address.
Participate at Orangeloungeradio.com.
Our first email tonight from Raginator.
This was actually sent for last week's show.
Um, but that was obviously canceled at the last minute so hopefully Raginator doesn't mind that we're going to read it tonight.
Hi folks.
It's your friendly neighborhood Raginator.
I just thought I'd write in just in case I'm unable to call in on Sunday for whatever reason or I forget what I want to talk about.
A seeming important issue had just occurred to me and I'm kind of surprised no one else has thought about the following subject as well.
It's the internet. Somebody probably has.
Um, as you three or four, if there's any guest presence this week, well, will you take two?
As you two already know, Steam, a service that I've become a huge fan of thanks to Rob, primarily deals with selling miscellaneous software games in their related DLC.
Also, as Rob has mentioned several times in the past, if Valve should go out of business or choose to discontinue Steam, they have what amounts to a big old kill the DRM button.
Great. No issue there, right?
Kinda.
Well here's the thing.
Aside from software, games, and DLC, they do sell some movies, albeit with a limited selection, and they do have an even more limited quantity of freebies.
Now the thing is, and from what I've seen as well, aside from two movies, free to play and indie game the movie, you cannot download these movies.
They're streaming only.
The thing is, at least other services like iTunes and whatever Microsoft is calling their service nowadays give you the choice of either streaming or storing your videos locally.
Now, should Steam be discontinued for whatever reason, or if there's a massive outage akin to what happened in PSN back in Spring 2011, what will happen with the streaming only videos that people may have bought?
Valve never addressed this specifically.
I know, I know, piracy's a concern, and I agree, but this seems more troublesome and restrictive than Sony's video DRM for PSN videos.
And I'm sure you all remember my rants regarding that whole diarrhea fest.
Wow.
But yes, I do remember the angrieness of the PlayStation stuff.
What are your takes on this?
This email was brought to you by my Steam account, home of 904 games and counting.
And it even included a couple Humble Bundle codes there at the end for us.
So thank you.
I will, I need to see what these are.
I have no idea what they are, so I need to see if there are things in my library or not.
Maybe I'll take one and give one to Loki or something, or give mine to Dark Soccer.
I don't know.
We'll figure it out.
As far as the question and the movies, you know, I really think that we're at a point where it's so far out that Steam would ever need to use the kill switch.
That I think the movies will be so dated by that point that I think most people probably aren't going to care, is the reality.
For the people that do care, they will probably do, if I were to guess, they would probably do some type of redemption thing where you could go in, buy request, and get a code to get the movie on another site that's still up.
A code to get it on Amazon, a code to get it on YouTube, or something to like convert your ownership to another site.
But I imagine they won't automatically give it to you. It'll be something that will be open for a 90 day window or something like that, and then it's done.
That's my thought on how they do it.
Loki, what do you think Steam would do with the movie situation if they ever shut their doors?
I don't know, maybe change those from streaming to where you can download them?
Yeah, maybe it'll be a thing where you can download it for up to 90 days and then it's done.
Or maybe as part of the Switch thing they'll change it.
Or maybe something you should be prepared for.
Maybe Steam would be ready to take the negative press and say, you know, we never said anything about the movies, unfortunately the movies will no longer be there.
Because it is so limited, they could probably cut their losses.
Like with how many people will be pissed off that they lost Indie Game the movie, they can probably cut their losses.
Because can't you get Indie Game streaming free other places at this point? Or am I crazy?
Well Netflix isn't exactly free, but isn't Indie Game the movie at other places that you can get at this point?
I think they have it on Humble Bundle.
Yeah, I sort of think they would allow you to convert it for a limited time, but not forever.
I really think if Steam is going to do the right thing in that situation, that would be the way out of it.
Bobby Blackwolf saying, I saw it on Netflix.
Of course Netflix stuff tends to come and go lately, unless it's a Netflix original. It kind of tends to come and go.
RageNator pointing out in chat as well that Indie Game the movie and free to play are on good old games.
And SHG100Matt saying, most of these are free or will eventually be free.
I really have a feeling that by the time Steam inevitably pushes the kill switch, it'll just be on YouTube.
For everybody.
But Kaijuto saying, the kill switch is never too far away. There's no such thing as too big to fail.
So maybe I shouldn't write it off so easily that the kill switch is still decades away. We'll see.
We do have another email this week from YYR.
Hello LR. This is essentially a love letter about Drinkbox Studios. And who is that?
I had no idea until a few short months ago.
Over the past few years, Drinkbox has done work for hire on a number of titles for Activision, Vicarious Visions, EA and several others.
But they've also released a few of their own games.
Guacamelee had been sitting on my Xbox One's hard drive for almost a year, acquired via games with gold.
That reminds me. I need to fucking get my copy of Sunset Overdrive on games with gold. I need to do that after the show.
Thank you for the reminder. Anyway.
Where was I? Ah yes. I finally decided to click on it. Guacamelee.
After finding out that it was a Metroidvania style game that I could play co-op with Amy.
As it turns out, Guacamelee was way more than just that.
It's one of the most well designed, perfectly executed games I've touched in my 30 plus years of gaming.
It has as little or as much exploration as you want, depending on your preferred playing style.
The combat system is a fun test of your skills and the enemy encounters are constantly switching things up so the combat doesn't get old.
The platforming is just right, blending interesting layouts with perfect controls.
Bonuses and hidden items are dangled behind tricky and satisfying challenges.
You discover a smorgasbord of abilities throughout the game, and zero of them are useless.
The level design is clever and thoughtful enough that it requires the use of each and every one.
And as the icing on the cake, the graphics are pleasing, the audio is fantastic, and the jokes in the script are actually funny.
I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the genre, and if you also enjoy fighting games, it was pretty much made just for you.
After playing through Guacamelee three full times, I decided to look at a Drinkbox's back catalog.
They've also released a couple more conventional platformers.
Tales from Space, about a blob, which is a two player co-op platformer for PlayStation 3.
And Tales from Space, Mutant Blobs Attack, a one player platformer originally released for the Vita, but now available on several platforms.
I've started both, they feature simpler gameplay, but also ooze charm and feel pretty polished, especially the sequel.
The action and presentation are at the same high level as Guacamelee's, and I'm looking forward to spending more time with them.
I'm bringing all this up now because this Tuesday, April 26th, Drinkbox is releasing their newest game.
It's called Severed, and it follows the quest of a distraught one armed warrior wielding a living sword searching for her family in a world of nightmares.
It is entirely touch controlled, and is being released exclusively on PlayStation Vita.
This is the first time I've ever trusted a developer so much that I'm willing to buy their new game on day one without even a bit of gameplay footage.
And if you have a Vita, I'd encourage you to do that right along with me.
That is quite the love letter there. Enjoy, Aaron Yyr.
Thank you very much for that email. I have no problem with love letters to smaller studios especially.
Guacamelee is a fantastic game. It's a fun Metroidvania style game. It kind of has the fighting style instead of the shooting style, but I love the in-jokes.
There's so many memes that are referenced in the game. It's a very internet culture aware type of game.
There's a lot of great Metroidvanias out there on Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
Xbox One, I believe you had told me about this too, although I know several other people had.
Ori and the Blind Forest, another excellent Metroidvania game on Xbox One at least, and PC that's worth your time if you haven't checked that out.
So I know we joke that, like, boy, Metroidvania games, they're everywhere these days, but a lot of them are really, really good and worth your time.
And, you know, don't write off the genre just because a lot of people are doing it.
Anyway, that's it for the emails this week. Again, you can send us emails.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com. But in the meantime, it's time to get to the FUs of the week.
We get a little angsty here at Orange Lounge Radio sometimes, so we're going to blow off some steam right now.
I have to be tired just because I've been trying to work on my game, which, actually, the thing that's kind of preventing me from working on the game, besides being tired, is I don't know, I still have kind of undecided how I want to look.
And because of that, I don't know where to begin. So I'm still deciding that. But I am incredibly tired, and, like, sometimes I'll actually sit down and start, you know, working on it, and I will literally pass out from being tired.
I will just fall asleep sitting down with my laptop. So it's just because I'm on a new work schedule starting this week.
So I'm starting at seven in the morning instead of eight, which one hour makes a difference, especially when your kids wake you up seven times during the night. So, yeah.
I guess, just, you know, obviously, FU to a lot of the things that were putting me in a mood this week. I'm sure you all can figure it out.
But, yeah, I just, you know, I have to snap out of it and move on, and I think I am for the most part, but it's just, I don't know, it hasn't been the best week.
So just looking forward to moving on and on to bigger and better things.
Alright, let's get into a couple more news stories for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Loki, one more story.
Yes, so Tatsuya Manami has stepped down as president of Platinum Games, and they haven't really said exactly what the reasoning was for that, but, you know, he's worked on quite a bit of projects, you know, through them, especially more recently.
Star Fox Zero, Star Fox Guard, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game, which actually I'm very kind of looking forward to, because I do need to play that.
And then, of course, you know, they worked on, you know, some major games like Bayonetta, Mad World, and Vanquish. I love Mad World, to be honest, and I really hope we get a new game from that.
I really like the art style in that game. Plus, they had Chainsaw, and that was awesome.
Yeah, unfortunately, you know, a lot of people get very excited about Platinum Games, but it really does seem like some of their games kind of, like, hit-miss, hit-miss, so I guess they're looking for leadership that will hopefully ensure more hits-hits-hits than anything else.
You know, I could see them in a really awesome, like, Mega Man style game, because I know, like, Vanquish was really, their games are very fast-paced, and I think that would lend itself well to, like, a platforming action game.
You know, some tinfoil hatters think this is because of Star Fox's low reviews, because, you know, Star Fox has not been getting great reviews out there.
It just didn't look that interesting to begin with. I don't know, I'm kind of disappointed, but, yeah, I guess.
I know, I feel like the reception I'm reading on Twitter, which I tend to believe a little more than the critics, the reception on Twitter is a little warmer than I see the critics giving it, but I also have some serious Nintendo fanboys on my Twitter that will defend everything.
And so I have to take some of that with a grain of salt, too. You know what I mean?
I think it just, I don't know, it just maybe was a letdown, it's a little bit, I hear it's a short game.
Yeah. That part kind of bothers me, too. But, at the same time, it's not that short games are necessarily bad, because there are some very short games that I've still defended that are worth your money.
Look at Platinum's style of games, though. It's, like, action-packed and fast. That's kind of what I see there. Games are, like, you know, fast-paced.
Star Fox, it's kind of slow, you know, it's, I don't know, it's a slow, like, shooter game.
Like, can you imagine, though, if they really amp that up? Like, you're just darting through super fast, you know, blowing up shit and just, like, dodging through everything.
I mean, that'd be really cool and action-packed. This, I just don't see, I don't know. I haven't played it, so I don't know what I'm really talking about, but it just doesn't look that interesting.
Like, a new Star Fox game, I would think, like, man, I need to pick that up. But I'm just not excited about it at all.
You know, I, and maybe this is just me, and I know we're about to open up the phone line here after one more story. Maybe it's just me, and I even see people saying they want to talk about Star Fox Zero.
But kind of a question I'm posing out there, is it possible that the Nintendo NX news and everything that's out there about the NX is kind of starting to kill your passion for Wii U a little bit?
Where it's kind of like, bring on, just bring it on, bring on the next console, bring on what's next, because this feels like these are just all fill-in-the-gap types of things until the next console.
But, there's Zelda. That is worth mentioning. Yet, there is still this Zelda game that is hopefully going to be this tremendous swan song for the Wii U, yet a lot of people seem to think it's just going to end up being on both the Wii U and the NX at this point.
Yeah, I probably would see that. I don't know how a game of that scale could be on the Wii U, to be honest.
Let's see, going to some comments from chat from some people who have played Star Fox Zero. Wyland says, the controls aren't the great Satan that cry baby different, bad critics are making it out to be.
Let's see, Dungeon Buster says, Anarchy Reigns was interesting, but I wouldn't have bought it at full price.
Oh god, that game is terrible.
Dark Tetsuya says, the new controls take some adjusting, but once you get it dialed in, it's fun. TigerClaws noting, the reception of the game is more positive, most of the reviews just blame the controls.
Yeah, I did play Anarchy Reigns, did not like that game. That was probably the only Platinum game that was kind of a letdown.
Did Platinum do Wonderful 101 on Wii U?
No.
No, they did not. Just curious.
Alright, let's get into one more story here about a game that could have been. A game that was, oh no, chat is yelling yes, Platinum did.
They did?
They didn't do Wonderful 101. I thought they did.
I thought Wonderful 101 was not the game that people hyped it up to be. I was not as into it as other people were.
Which is fine, we're going to have video games, a serious business, we're going to have differing opinions sometimes, but that to me was not as fabulous as people made it out to be.
However, Bayonetta 2 is not praised enough. Like, I have a really bad feeling that game has not been played by as many people that need to experience it because that game is tits, everybody needs to play it, it's so good.
Anyhow, let's talk about another game that could have been, but it didn't. And that was a Guitar Hero MMO.
That's right, it was something that Activision was working on, but was apparently cancelled as all the hero games were stopped in 2011.
This was being brought to us by Unseen64, this is a website that likes to do these exposes on things hidden in games that weren't supposed to be there and dead games that never came to light.
They ran a little story on this whole thing. Hero World was going to be a platform that would have been accessible by web browsers that would tie together all of Activision's hero games.
It was conceived by Freestyle Games, who did DJ Hero, which makes me go, oh, then it was probably good. Because Freestyle Games always did the good ones in the series.
But the work on the project was actually done by Virtual Fairgrounds in Amsterdam, who had done some free-to-play MMOs before, like Club Galactic.
It was supposedly capable of rendering appealing visuals even on lower spec machines. The game would have automatically purchased extra servers during peak times and shut them off when not in use. Very interesting.
In Hero World, you can import characters from Guitar Hero and DJ Hero, or make new ones, and go on a journey to musical stardom. There would have been battle in turn-based dance-offs.
There was a complimentary Facebook app that was also in the works. You would build a venue in Hero World, hire console gamers to play shows there.
Hero World was supposed to be fully cross-platform on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii. The pitches to Activision went well. Hero World was planned for release, but then Hero got yanked. All of it.
Activision put the franchise on hiatus. Bummer. Unfortunately, it is mentioned that Freestyle also developed Guitar Hero Live, but they're saying that Activision is not totally pleased with the results. The game has failed to meet expectations.
Which is kind of a bummer, because Guitar Hero Live, I think, was the better music game that came out last Christmas. Bummer.
Anyway, Darktosuya in chat says, I guess they did have DJ Hero 3 in the works at one point.
Yeah, so disappointing.
Lame. Alright, anyhow, it's time to open up the Skype line. Let's get to it. 1877 GameOLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word. I got a feel for Freestyle games. I really hope they aren't closed or anything like that. I would be really devastated if that happened, to be honest.
Alright, our phones are lighting up, so let's get to it. Get to our first call here. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft, buddy. How you doing?
Pretty great. Pretty great. Just a small tangent. Well, you said I participated in a tournament, a poking tournament. I got second again.
Hey, you know what? Second is still pretty good. That's nothing to scoff at. That's a very, very good placement. I would be very happy if OLR was the second podcast everybody listened to in a week.
That's true. But anyways, I want to talk about that. I want to talk about Star Fox Zero.
Please. Did you pick it up?
Yeah, I picked it up. I got it from Amazon. Pretty cheap, too. My verdict on it is the complaints everyone has about it are pretty much legit.
The complaints like the controls, the length of the game, and some other stuff. Yeah, I see it.
As for the controls, I played it a little bit yesterday with some friends. We were doing co-op.
And yeah, the motion controls are really awkward, though you can get accustomed to pretty quickly if you know what you're doing.
So it's not necessarily bad controls, but they have a really, really steep learning curve. So yeah, you have to get used to them before you can truly master the game.
As for the length, we beat the game last night. We started playing around 10pm and we finished, I want to say, a little bit after 2am.
So yeah, it's kind of a short game, but at the same time, I don't remember a Star Fox game being lengthy or being more than 5 hours long if you know what you're doing.
So this one being a little bit resembling Star Fox, the original from Super Nintendo, and also Star Fox 64. I don't see why it's that bad because at least you have some replayability with challenges, arcade mode, and it has tons of collectibles, too.
Now, the original Star Fox game, you could kind of go down different paths, too. So is it one of those things where you can play different configurations?
Not really. You have the map, and it's like the one in Star Fox 64, though it has some changes. But pretty much you go on a straight line.
It has some alternate routes, I will say. There's an asteroid field we didn't play, and there was another planet we couldn't access to either because you have to do certain stuff we couldn't do.
So at least you have those alternate routes, too. Though mostly you go on a straight line, and you can pretty much replay any stage immediately, too.
So it's not like you have to finish the game and play it again, so you can just pretty much go to any stage and play it whenever you want. Which I find it good, but some people may find that, uh, no, no, bad.
Well, do you think it's worth 60 bucks for me to get, or eh?
There's also Star Fox Guard. We just played like one game or two of that, and that game is also pretty fun. It's pretty much like Five Nights at Freddy's, but without the scariest parts.
Oh, well that's good, because the scary parts are, uh, yeah. You know how I feel about that.
Although you can get, frankly, because of so many robots that invade your map. But again, that's also a game that's being included with Star Fox Zero, at least on the physical side.
If you want to only get Star Fox Zero, the digital version I think costs less. I'm not sure, because I know there's a discount you get for Star Fox Guard if you buy Star Fox Zero digitally.
But, is it worth the 60 dollars for both games? Yes, it is. I'm pretty sure it is, and it's probably not really that innovative, per se.
But the game is fun. We had lots of fun yesterday, last night, with my friends. For us to play a game non-stop like that, it has to be good.
So, at least there's that. I don't know if there's a demo, I think not, but I would say at least try it.
Yeah, you never know. In a couple months, they might do the whole thing where, like, with platinum points, you can get a 15 or 20% discount too, because that seems to be the thing they're doing now. So, who knows? Anything's possible, right?
Yeah, hopefully.
Alright. Well, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can try to get some more calls. But, congratulations on your tournament placement again, and thank you for letting us know your thoughts on Star Fox.
Hey, thanks for having me.
You're welcome. Anytime. Take care, my friend.
Alright, we got, boy, it's lighting up tonight. Let's get to our, excuse me, our next call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Ledger Zaku here.
Hey, my friend, how are you?
Just coming back from PAX East.
Hey, how was PAX East since you went?
Compared to previous years, I mean, it's kind of like half and half, just because of, like, obviously, the big thing that isn't PAX related is the security beefed up in the con this year. Like, literally, people have to go through metal detectors or metal wands.
Really?
Yeah, they were doing a lot of thorough backsurges.
Interesting.
Did you have to bend over and cough to get into PAX East?
No, but I did have to, like, literally, you know, they didn't pat you down, but they did, you know, they either, you either went through a metal detector or you had the wand.
Huh.
They wanted you.
I want to say I've seen the wand done somewhere else, though. I want to say BlizzCon had it. E3, I feel like, had it at one point. I don't know, but, but I wonder, I wonder if somebody made a threat. Again, maybe they had to step up security. Who knows?
Or it could be that the Boston Marathon, I believe, is tomorrow.
Ah, could be. You know, and I, I don't know, maybe I don't want to go there, so to speak, but there's been a lot of toxic bullshit in gaming culture in the past year, and maybe they felt that necessitated the extra security. I don't know, I'm just, I'm speculating, that's all. Anyway.
Remember, this, Anime Boston had this a few, you know, a few weeks prior to PAX East, so because, because the state of Massachusetts controls the convention centers, it's under their, it's their call, essentially.
Yeah. Alright, well, outside the security, I mean, once you got in there, how was it?
Ah, it was, it was still pretty good. I mean, they're not, well, in terms of panels, I mean, I only went to, like, a few ones that I'm trying to remember, more or less, the ones I went to, but they, I only went to, like, maybe three or, yeah, maybe four panels throughout the entire, you know, throughout the entire weekend.
Like, it was that, it was to the point where, you know, maybe there were some good ones, but all the others were, like, I mean, the only good one that I did, that did go to was the Harmonix one, and the, and the speed run, the speed run one on Friday, where they were doing, like, the, you know, the, you know, the organization that does speed runs for charity, awesome games done quick, they were, they were there.
And they were basically teaching folks how to do, like, glitches for, you know, how to find glitches in games in order to do speed runs. But other than that, I guess the biggest draw for me was waiting in line to try the HTC Vive, which they had in the free play area. So, virtual reality was a big thing this year.
Did you get to try the Vive? Did you end up getting to do it?
Yes. It was, it was worth two and a half hours waiting in line, but I managed to do it. It was a lot more immersive than the first two Oculus riffs that I tried, you know, previously.
And it, it does feel like a lot. It does feel clear, and it does feel that immersive. Like, you're pretty much in there, and there's no nausea whatsoever, because it's, like, it's consistent. The performance is consistent, even for, like, something that isn't Oculus, that's, you know, that Valve was able to build with, with HTC's help, obviously.
But even then, it's like, I guess it's like, I guess both have their strengths, and I guess you still need a beefy computer anyways, just to, you know, just to jump on the VR bandwagon, which reminds me, I probably have to do upgrades very soon.
After parties were, were, were somewhat alright. I mean, the only good, you know, the only good ones that I went to were the, the Asus one that they had in the, in a museum not far from the, from the con. And they were just giving out light-up cups, and people were trying to take on, like, professional gamers in Counter-Strike.
Hmm. Did they, did you get your hands on any other games besides the VR? Like, any indie games or anything?
It was a lot of lines.
Of course, it's PAX!
Exactly, that's why it's so difficult, like, I barely bother with that at all, unless it's something I can grab my hands on that no one else has, it's almost, it's not even worth the effort, I mean, that's, I mean, the only thing I did play was, you know, classic, classic arcade area, obviously, can't leave, can't go without that.
But it's, as I said, because it's PAX East, it's almost, you know, it's really hard to get your, you know, having to wait to play things.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah, it's, it's not as convenient, like, you know, in prior years, and even then, the swag isn't as, you know, it's, it's not the same, like, as I remember it years ago when I came back with, like, full bags of swag.
And now you can stay home and watch it on Twitch.
It's even, yeah, it's even worse, like, like, you heard about what, you heard about what Twitch gave out at their booth, right?
Yeah, the beta stuff, right?
Um, BO stuff.
Oh, yeah, I heard about the whole deodorant giveaway thing, yeah, yeah, yeah, I did read about that.
I'm gonna snag, like, a couple of, I'm gonna snag a stick and some body wash.
Yes!
That's tongue-in-cheek, I like that.
I know, it's, it's, like, awesome, but yeah.
I think the whole hygiene thing has become such a joke, though, that most people are aware of it.
I mean, there's always gonna be a couple of individuals who did not seem to get the memo, but for the most part, like, I feel like a lot of people have gotten the hint.
Oh, yeah, I mean, obviously, the idea is to basically, you know, it's something that's known, but not really, you know, I wouldn't say taboo, but it's something that, you know, at this point, it should be common sense.
Yeah, I know.
It's common sense to bathe, and yet they're just rubbing it, you know, they're being savages by doing that.
But it's a con, and when you're drinking 24-7, sometimes common sense goes out the window, what can you say?
Yeah, but even then, I, even I, even in my hotel, I was able to shower and, you know, adhere to hygiene.
Unlike certain other individuals, you know, who are out there with neckbeards and, you know, beast bodies.
Alright, alright.
But yes.
Zaku, I'm going to let you go, because we're going to wrap up the show here pretty soon.
I do have one more thing. I manage to snag about 10 Rock Band 4 DLC vouchers.
Oh, nice.
For both platforms. If you want some codes, let me know, and I'll start doling them out.
Send me an Xbox One code, and then see if some of our live chatters maybe want the codes.
Alright.
Awesome. Sweet, thanks, Zaku.
Yep.
See, I didn't even have to go to PAX, and I'm getting free shit from PAX.
You're the man.
Alright. Take care, my friend.
Have a good one.
You too, bye.
Heck yeah! Free stuff from PAX. They didn't even go.
Alright, one more call. Hi, you're on Ornishong's radio. What is this?
It's the one and only Ranma.
Hey buddy, how you doing?
My shoulder hurts. I'm just sitting here relaxing with a tall blue moon.
Ah, nice. I would be enjoying a glass of wine right now, but sometimes I have to go get Alan at work late. It just kind of depends on how things are going, so I try not to drink during the show if I know there's a chance.
One sip won't hurt.
Yeah, but I'm not going to crack open the bottle just to have a sip, because Loki's not really a wine drinker.
Shane ain't here. Shane would drink the wine in a heartbeat. Jamie would have a little bit if she's here. I'm just going to have to save it for a couple weeks from now.
Let me tell you something. If Mako-chan lived on the west coast and was your next door neighbor, as soon as you pulled the cork, you two would be sipping winos right next to each other. You'd have someone to help you finish the bottle.
If Mako-chan fucking lived next door to me, it would be a goddamn sitcom non-stop here at this house and you know it.
Yeah!
It would be kind of similar to the Golden Girls or something. Or another one of those shows where the neighbor just shows up every episode. Like Married with Children.
I say Golden Girls meets Three's Company.
What are you saying? Are you saying I'm Jack?
I do not allude to anything, okay?
Are you saying that I'm faking the gay thing to get chicks?
But if people assume you're Jack, I tell you what Rob, you are one hell of a fabulous Jack.
Well thank you very much. John Ritter was an amazing person so I would take that as a compliment.
Anyway, I'm sure you didn't call in just to talk about sitcom dreams, but what's on your mind?
Actually, I just came back from a two day convention locally out here in Jersey and I actually filmed the game room. I don't know if you saw the video, but you would have shed a tear. You would have been so proud of it.
I didn't see the video yet because I saw it come through while I was setting up for the show, but I did see you tagged me in something and I kind of laughed because I was like, oh well Boston's got PAX East going on right now and you know Jersey's got a game room.
Yeah, but if you think about it, a lot of anime conventions nowadays don't have as many b-money or dancing music arcade machines.
Which is a shame.
Yeah, it's true. Anime conventions, I was like, you didn't go to Magfest because I went to Arcade Infinity back in the day and I had never seen as many music games in one place as I saw at fucking Magfest.
See, Magfest is his own little world because you know there's going to be those types of games everywhere.
Yeah, Magfest is just another category. But anyway, yes. Anime conventions, sometimes they have the b-money stuff. Like Faname does a pretty good job from what I remember out here on the West Coast.
But yeah, in the middle of Jersey, all the b-money, probably not something you see every day. But that's still pretty cool.
Yeah, it was a place called Tokyo at Games Attack, I believe. They're the ones that brought the machines in. I walked in, I was just like, my god.
Almost positive that's the company that does it for a lot of the cons out there.
Probably so. I mean, let's see, if I remember correctly, there was a DDR machine, it was JuBeat, two Taika no Tatsujin machines.
It's UBeat. We don't want to beat up friends in our Jewish community. It's UBeat.
You know where I live?
Not JuBeat.
God, I'm terrible tonight. There was a, I don't know, I can't call it Dance Masters, but it was like a dancing game that Konami put out.
It started, the main title is Dance, but I forget.
Dance Maniacs? Dance Evolution?
No. It was a newer dancing game, and it was sort of like playing Just Dance or Dance Central.
I swear it's Dance Evolution.
No, it's uh, yeah.
It's Dance Masters on the Kinect.
Anyway.
It might have been Evolution, but let's see, there was a pop music machine. Oddly enough, two Street Fighter V machines.
There was a table flipping game, and there was a long line for that.
That has become quite the thing at anime conventions now, that fucking table flipping game, which, don't get me wrong, it's fun, but...
And there was this title arcade machine. I couldn't figure it out, but it looked like it was sort of like an electronic crane game.
It was like three people, and you don't have time to hit the button for the crane to come down or something like that.
Interesting.
Well, so you had a good time at the convention. We'll hear more about it on an anime jam session this week.
Oh, yeah, definitely. I had a blast. It's like I said on Twitter, once a year, I get up at 6.30, 7 o'clock in the morning, grab my gear, and trek all the way up to Jersey for this convention, and spend 12 to 13 hours out there having a blast.
That's awesome.
I'm thinking about New York again. There was a big Ingress thing that's supposed to happen in Brooklyn over Memorial Day weekend. I was really thinking about it, but it's just a little too soon financially for me to do it, but I do want to see if there's going to be a con out there or something I might want to time it with.
But I'm trying to decide between that or Disney World.
Well, I might be able to get you to come out here. I mean, you do like Vegas, right?
Fuck yeah, I like Vegas.
Well, our local anime convention, Anime Next, is moved to Atlantic City.
Okay. Never been there. Never been there.
So you could go to the con and have a good time, and since a lot of the youngins are not allowed to go because their parents will let them go to the conventions in Atlantic City, there's nightlife and there are tons of casinos.
Alright, I'll look into it, but Disney World is also kind of winning right now, but we'll see. We'll see.
Hey, that con will always be there. I mean, Disney World, Disney World is straight up Disney. I mean, come on now.
Yeah, but you know, life is short. I gotta go, so.
Play hard.
Alright. Take care, my friend. I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up.
You too, bro. Take care, man.
Alright. Bye bye. Always good to hear from Rama and all you guys that were calling in tonight. I'm so sorry to those that didn't get through. Our phone was lighting up solid all night.
But if you do want to send us an email, that'd be fantastic. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, or you could also tweet us. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Yeah, would love feedback in all sorts of ways.
We'll try to get some more of you on the show next week. And yes, we will be back next week. I'm done taking shows off.
Pray there's no horrible crisis. Loki, you can't get sick, because if you and Jamie are sick, I swear to God, I'm doing a solo Orange Lounge radio.
The Robbie Black Wolf show. And it won't be pretty. I'm not as talented as he is, flying solo. Alright, anyway.
So that's it. I don't know if you have any last minute stories you want to get out there?
Yeah, I was gonna say they announced Borderlands 3's developments can be starting here pretty soon. Also, as part of some special DLC, they're gonna have some of the Battleborn characters available for Rock Band 4.
So be able to get those characters in there if you're playing Rock Band 4. That's it.
Alright. Well, that is gonna do it for this episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys again. I really can't thank you enough for being loyal to the show, sticking with the show through thick and thin.
It means so much that you guys are here, whether it be live or in the podcast form. I really don't feel like I ever say thank you enough. Thank you so much for listening to the show and participating with us week in and week out.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two about the show. Especially now that we're on the Google Play thing, it's even easier to get people, show them where it is.
Because whether they have an Android or an iPhone, you search for Orange Lounge Radio in one of the built-in stores and you'll find it. So all we ask, we don't ask for money, just spread the word. Help us spread the word. Tell a friend or two about the show.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices here at the table. So invite your friends to come on over and sit with us on a Sunday night or at least at some point during the week on the podcast feed. Appreciate it.
A nice five-star review wherever you found this show would go a very long way in helping us out as well and sticking out amongst the pack of thousands and thousands of video game podcasts that are out there.
Time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night. Loki, we'll start you. Your final thought.
I'm really going to try to work on my game this week. Hopefully I can catch up on sleep. I've been trying. I haven't been staying up that late.
Alright, good luck. I would love to see you make progress on that. That'd be awesome.
I would love to see my game make progress as well.
Alright, and my final thought for this week is I beat Miitomo this week. I didn't talk about it my gaming week, but I beat Miitomo.
I just saw that tweet.
I hit level 20 in both the personality or what do they call it? Social or whatever circle and I hit 20 in style. And so I got the super sparkle crown.
But yet I still feel the need to check it every day. Why? Because I read more interesting things on Miitomo than I do on Facebook. Sorry not sorry.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thanks again for being with us. We'll be back in seven days to talk about what happens next week in games with all of you guys.
So come on back in seven days. We'll do it all again. Until then, have fun and play nice.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music by Kevin MacLeod
