Tonight, July 6th, 2008, a 16-bit RPG classic is being redone for the DS, Rock Band 2 leaks
at the internet, and could a popular racing game soon take on airplanes?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Jamie?
I don't know.
It's very, very hot here in the studio in Sacramento.
I swear if it gets above like 100, the little temperature thing he says is 99 degrees right
now.
If we were to hit 100, we would have to call a heat day, I think.
Yeah.
It's just very crazy.
But we're doing what we can to cool off down here in studio, but it's kind of a mess tonight.
Also joining us, say hello to the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
See, my computer room's normally about this temperature anyways because of, you know,
my high end computer.
It blows out so much hot air.
Even with the air conditioning on, it's a good 10 degrees hotter than the rest of the
house.
All right.
And then if I'm like recording video on my Xbox 360, that being as small as it is still
kicks out about as much heat too, so that really sucks.
All right.
Well, we've got lots and lots and lots of people here in studio tonight, and it's kind
of strange because, like, you know, we have our six year anniversary of Orange Orleans
Radio and frickin' nobody shows up.
We have a visitor come in from out of town, suddenly my garage is frickin' full, standing
room only.
What the hell is this?
All right.
So say hello tonight in order of importance.
Say hello first off to Intern Drew.
What's up?
How you doing, Drew?
I'm doing pretty good.
All right.
I gotta make sure.
Are we hearing Intern Drew tonight?
I don't know.
Are we hearing Intern Drew?
Yes, I think we are.
Barely, although that's very quiet.
I don't know.
Do I have the sensitive mic tonight?
Maybe I do.
I don't know.
Do I have the sensitive mic?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe I do.
Live radio.
We're doing sound checks live on air.
What can you do?
Sound check one, two.
All right.
Anyhow.
Look, when I talk, it makes little lines up here.
Exactly.
That's the magic of radio.
You haven't figured that out after six years?
All right.
Also, say hello tonight to our website master.
Dark Tetsuya is here in studio.
Amazing.
Yeah, I know.
I made it.
You live in town, and yet you never seem to make it over here, but here you are tonight.
Well, Drew said he was going to come and get me yesterday, so.
Awesome.
Here I am.
All right.
Well, Dark Tetsuya is here.
We'll get him a little louder.
We're going to give him some mic lessons a little later.
It's all good.
It's been a while.
So he'll be here to comment on some of the news tonight, and then say hello to the one
and only joining us for all the way from New York freaking city, DJ Rama S is here in studio.
What's up, people?
How you doing?
Hot.
Yeah, I know.
It doesn't look that hot when you see it on Justin TV.
Does it?
No, but funny thing is I should be used to this heat, but still.
It's really bad tonight.
Like, we may have to take a heat break in the middle of part A just to kind of like
cool.
I'm serious.
Like, it's sad.
Don't laugh at me.
Huh?
We'll have to get the Gatorade.
Seriously.
It's pretty bad in here tonight.
And I don't want Jamie to die live on air.
That would be horrific.
I don't want to die on air either.
Yeah.
So we might take a heat break in the middle of part A.
I want to die on bacon.
Alright, say hello as well.
The good news is, since we broadcast at six o'clock, you know, the heat reaches its peak
around five o'clock, so it should be cooling off, thankfully, throughout the night.
Alright, say hello as well to, um, well, wait.
I guess we're not in order of importance anymore, because she'd be on the bottom of the list.
Rice Princess!
Wait, aren't I on the bottom anyway?
Aren't I the last person?
I don't know.
I'm just messing with you.
Shut your face, Rob.
Alright.
How are you, Miss Princess?
Mad at you now.
No, you love me.
No, I don't.
Alright.
Alright.
So we have a very full house tonight, just lots and lots of people to comment on the
news tonight, and of course, you, in our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, we got lots
of people in chat tonight, we have stickax282, who says, I'm kind of new here to this whole
live thing.
Boy, did you pick a shitty show to have as your first show, because it's gonna be chaotic
tonight.
Um, but welcome.
Shadow Charlie says, holy crap, it's Rama.
Holy crap indeed.
There it is.
Jamie says, somebody dying live on air sounds exciting.
You know, I think it's one of those things that's better when you're at home watching,
but if you're like, live in studio, and considering the fact it's Jamie, and it would kinda, like,
I don't want Jamie to die.
I mean, Jamie said some things that have made me angry before, but I don't want her to die.
Heart.
I guess Jamie has died, and the ferret has taken over tonight.
Alright.
No, Jamie is alive and very well, and wants to talk to you all about her gaming week.
How was your gaming week, Dark Soccer?
Um, I played Black Knight 2000.
It's imbalanced, but I managed to replay on my first ball, and that's the only time I've
ever done well on that game in my life.
I also played pinball at the House of Dark Soccer this week, and your pinball machines
like made it or something, it's like they grew.
It's been crazy.
We moved the wide bodies out into the garage, and we have both the Black Knight machines
inside, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, Simpsons Pinball Party, No Fear, and World
Cup Soccer in the house, and everything else that's outside.
Dan's working on our friend's Indiana Jones machine.
Yeah, I was gonna say, when I was there, I saw an Indiana Jones machine that was being
worked on.
Yes, I actually ate a cookie off the Indiana Jones machine, it was pretty awesome.
It was very delicious.
They were mint cookies.
Yes, it was very delicious.
Orange Lounge Fudio!
Alright, anything else that you played with your week?
Any de-essing?
I played traffic a lot, and I played Getting Lost to San Francisco.
You played in traffic?
I played driving.
A lot of people tell me to go play in traffic, but I've never actually played in traffic.
I played Initial D, for real.
No, it was on the freeway, so it was more like one gun.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Alright, let's go around the studio and see what everybody else has been playing.
I will start with the guests tonight, I'll be nice, and Loki and I will go last.
Who has the mic for you kids over there?
Rice Princess, since you were on the bottom last time, why don't you start off, how was
your gaming week?
Non-existent.
Next.
Wow, you're boring.
Alright, Rama, how was your gaming week?
It was tolerable.
I played Super Mario Kart DS on the plane ride coming in, and throughout the week on
the subway, I was playing Custom Robo Arena, which has really become one of my favorite
games.
Interesting.
Tell us a little bit about Custom Robo Arena, I don't think I've ever heard of it.
Well, basically, Custom Robo Arena is like a Pokemon-ish type game, where you get this
little cube as a robot, and you customize it with different parts, and you battle with
it.
And one part of the style is like cleaning up your robot, because throughout the game,
if you're running around with a dirty robot, nobody wants to fight with you.
Is it like a Tamagotchi, where it'll poop randomly and you have to clean it up?
Mm-hmm.
Sounds awesome.
Sounds very awesome.
Not bad for $9.99, so hey.
There you go.
There you go.
What is this, Rama, before we keep the mic moving, I wanted to say, you also host your
own podcast, correct?
Do you want to give it a plug?
Yes, I do.
I host a podcast called Anime Jam Session with me, DJ Rama S, and one of my good friends,
Kuro Usagi.
We record Tuesday or Wednesday nights.
We try to get it out on our feed Thursday or Friday, so if you want to check it out,
you can go over to djramas.net or feedburner.com slash anime jam session, and we'll put it
out.
Awesome.
I want to apologize for the audio quality you've been hearing in the first little bits
of the show, too.
I think the mics got switched, and the guests got the mic with a very low gain, and I got
the one with a very high gain, so I was very loud, and they were very quiet, but we've
switched some things over here on the board.
I ninja'd over to the board and switched some things while they were talking about their
gaming Wii, so hopefully it's getting a little better.
We'll see as we move on, and Dark Tetsuya, how was your gaming Wii?
What have you been playing?
Oh, just a lot of Need for Speed Carbon.
I actually beat it, but I went back and did some of the challenges to unlock some more
stuff.
Now, don't you have a Justin TV channel or something where people can actually watch
you play games?
I stream random emulators and stuff.
What kind of games can people see if they check you out on the Justin TV?
Well, I'm working on Zelda right now.
I'm waiting to do Death Mountain.
Nice.
You know, I was actually on Justin TV very randomly one night, and you might not know
what Dark Tetsuya, but I was watching you.
That's the thing about Justin TV is you can actually watch people, and they never know.
Oh, yeah.
You were playing La Mulana, and that was actually the first time I'd ever seen it, so it was
cool.
I actually got to check that out.
It does look very retro.
I can see why people are really into that game.
Oh, yeah.
Very cool.
All right.
And you do not host your own podcast right now, right?
No, not at the moment.
Not at the moment.
All right.
Drew.
Intern Drew, do you host a podcast, for heaven's sake, or be honest?
Not yet.
No.
Oh, shit.
You got plans for one, don't you?
No, I'm not.
Any asshole with a mic can do a podcast in this day and age.
Shit, look at us.
All right.
Yeah, exactly.
All right.
How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I have one of those Korean free-to-play what's-its action RPG.
I like that description.
I don't know how to classify it.
Korean free-to-play what's-it thingy-ma-bob guy.
I don't know how to describe it.
It's a platformer action game with RPG elements.
That, I've been playing some Fire Emblem 7, trying to actually beat it, which is brutal,
even on the first try.
And aside from that, I haven't been playing much.
Weren't you, Captain Excitement?
I picked up Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2 at a used bookstore the other day.
I can't get it to run.
It crashes.
Best ten bucks I ever spent.
Thank you, Ubisoft.
Now make your games work.
Nice.
All right.
I guess that's gonna be, he's putting his mic down somewhat angrily, so, Loki, how was
your gaming week?
What did you play?
I'm trying to figure out which mic I'm supposed to be having here.
I think you're that one.
All right.
I didn't play too much this week, because I've been busy, and I did play, well, Grand
Theft Auto 4, which is not surprising.
I actually had some guests come over.
My sister hadn't seen Grand Theft Auto 4 yet, and she's a big fan of San Andreas, especially
running around aimlessly in the co-op mode.
So I showed her the swing set and other fun stuff about it, and she liked that.
And then I got to play a little bit of Defender Castle, and that was fun, and Mario Kart Wii.
We had to download a ton more Miis.
In fact, we got one that's got a crab on the person's face, which is kind of funny, and
it, like, pinches its claws.
And then there's also...
Crab people!
Yes, crab people.
And then one with Mickey Mouse, and, I don't know, we just downloaded a bunch of Miis and
then played at the levels with the Miis in the background, and that was funny.
And I just tried the homebrew Smash Bros. game that someone had made or worked on, and
I guess it's very early, because it's not very good right now, but, I mean, it's not...
Needs work.
It's not even close to being started, let alone done, so, yeah.
So how was it for your week?
You had a pretty slow gaming week, all things considered, but you got other projects going
on, right?
Yeah, I'm busy, and then my car was in the shop, so...
Oh, fun.
Yeah.
Fun, fun.
You've had an exciting week.
Not really.
Uh, let's see, my gaming week.
I got to play pinball at Dark Soccer's, which was pretty fun, I was mentioning that earlier.
She's got so many freaking pinball machines in her house, it's pretty funny.
And she's got, you know, the Black Knight 2000 I got to play for the first time.
I don't think I'd ever played that Black Knight table before, because what's really funny
about Jamie's house is that she has the Black Knight 2000 and the Black Knight right next
to each other.
So it's like...
Oh, but she's saying that she's borrowing the Black Knight, but it's still fun.
Still fun.
Um, so pinball goodness at Dark Soccer's house.
And then, let's see, what else did I play?
I played World of Drama Craft, which was exciting this week, and also I played Guitar Hero Aerosmith
for the first time at Dark Soccer's party.
They had Guitar Hero Aerosmith going there.
It's Guitar Hero 3, but with Aerosmith songs, and totally reskinned for Aerosmith, so that's
pretty much it.
That's all you need to know about the game.
They really didn't change anything from guitar.
I mean, I guess little bits in the story mode and what have you, but honestly, it's just
Guitar Hero 3 with Aerosmith stuff.
But the songs were good, I mean, because Aerosmith's pretty good, but I still don't think I could
spend $60 on it.
I would have to really, really love Aerosmith to spend that much money on it.
Dan really loves Aerosmith.
So then it's worth it to Dan.
But we didn't buy it.
Me?
Guitar Hero Journey?
I would have dropped the $60.
I would have paid $100 for Guitar Hero Journey, but it's not Guitar Hero Journey.
It's Guitar Hero Aerosmith.
But it did motivate me to go back and actually play some Guitar Hero 3, and I still cannot
beat that freaking Slipknot song on hard.
The intro ticks me off.
Did you download the free song?
I did.
The Top Gun song is awesome.
I wish it was Danger Zone, but eh...
That's all right.
It's still...
What a great patriotic tune to have the Top Gun theme, although it did make me sad because
it made me think back to my birthday when the Top Gun ride wasn't working at Great America,
and that pissed me off a little.
But the song made it all better.
Yeah, the last thing we need is, you know, homoerotic volleyball scenes.
Yeah, so I love that.
But here's the thing about Guitar Hero, is that you really have to get over, like, two
skill humps, I don't know what you'd call them, little skill checks, to get better at
Guitar Hero.
Okay?
One of the skill checks is that you have to learn how to strum up and down.
Like, if you just strum down the whole time, you're not going to be able to hit notes fast
enough during some of the songs.
That's the first little plateau.
That's a good name.
That's the first plateau you have to learn across.
I am currently stuck on the second plateau of getting good at Guitar Hero, and that is
learning how you don't have to strum for every note.
If a note has a little white dot on it, or a rock band, it's a smaller note, if a note
has a little white dot on it, you only have to hit the button for that note if you hit
the note correctly at the start of the sequence.
Like, that's the part I'm having trouble kind of getting over, because I want to strum everything,
and it's hard to tell when the notes are going to be that fast, which ones you have to strum
and which ones you don't.
Does Guitar Hero people in chat know what I'm talking about?
Please.
Or do I just sound crazy?
I don't know.
Because everybody in the studio is looking at me like, huh?
What?
Yeah, like the hammer-ons and stuff.
Exactly.
And the tutorial does not explain it that well.
The tutorial explains a little bit about how you can, like, never mind, I'm not even going
to tell you how to explain it, but the tutorial doesn't explain it very well.
It's kind of something I had to learn on my own.
So there you have it.
All right.
Enough of my gaming week.
You guys don't care about my Guitar Hero progression.
Although, I did beat two new songs on Expert.
Paint It Black.
Awesome.
All right.
Soccer Max says hammer-ons and pull-offs.
That's it.
Exactly.
Yes, Rama.
What?
Before we begin.
Yes.
I have presents.
Presents?
What a good way to start tonight's housekeeping.
Oh, shit.
I love housekeepers that begin with presents.
First off, before the show, I was showing the people on Justin TV this, but Loki got
me some new floor mats with Hello Kitty on them, which is hilarious because I already
had ones with penguins on them.
So I'm going to figure out how to use them both.
Maybe I'll put the ones with penguins out here or something.
I got a t-shirt.
Wipe your feet before you go in the house.
I got the t-shirt.
You got a t-shirt, too?
Oh, you have the t-shirt of Hot Topic.
I gun Liberty City.
I gun Liberty City instead of a heart.
But it's a gun.
Lovely.
Yes.
So, Rama, presents.
These are for you guys.
My official I love New York shirt.
That is very ironic.
Wait.
Hold that up and then have Loki stand up again right next to it.
Wait.
What the fuck?
Seriously.
What the fuck?
I know.
It's like a scene demo.
We have I gun Liberty City.
Again, you can look at this on our Justin TV channel.
I just give you orange ones right here.
And I heart and Y.
So it's like you have the real thing and then the parody right next to each other.
That's wonderful.
I don't want to lie on a shirt.
You guys didn't plan that, did you?
You have no choice.
It's amazing.
Well, that's great.
Thank you so much for the shirts.
Wow.
That's great.
I'll change into one right now, but not live on cam because that's kind of gross.
So thank you.
Excellent.
I do heart and why I can't wait to go back.
So excellent.
All right.
Everybody in chat rooms.
Hello.
Welling.
Sorry to those of you guys that listen on the podcast, but the nice thing, excuse me
about Justin TV is that people can highlight.
So I'm sure there will be a highlight of that clip later on.
SSJ 100.
Matt in chat says, and why represent, I'm sure he would say just like that too.
Hey.
Hey.
Ice skull pirates.
Oh my God.
She is ice skull.
Fuck pirates.
I mean, what's wrong with you and your wildest dreams.
I feel like I need an eye blank, something shirt to fit in pirates.
No comment.
What is that?
All right.
On the butt.
It says pirates of the Caribbean.
All right.
Housekeeping.
Um, what else?
I don't really have anything for the show.
We have no interviews coming up, which is kind of sad, but I will say this.
We always have our live journal community in the MySpace communities and Facebook, Facebook.
We are the O L army, O L R M Y if you want to look us up.
If you want to join us on live journal, orange lounge, no radio, just orange lounge is us
on live journal and on MySpace, we are orange lounge radio, three different names for three
different sites.
If we could be any more confusing.
Good job.
Standards department.
Don't confuse us with the group orange range or the group orange lounge for that matter.
Although I don't think has Tomosuke made an orange lounge song in like the past three
years.
I don't think he has.
Has he?
No.
So we own it now.
I think.
I think there's some rule now that we own orange lounge.
All right.
Just kidding.
All right.
Let's get to tonight's gaming news and Loki's going to start us off tonight.
Yeah.
So more details about mega man nine.
It is going to be completely eight bit looking, including the very limited color palette as
well.
Uh, it's supposed to be also really fucking hard, just like, you know, most mega man games.
And in fact, uh, there was some, uh, hands on stuff, um, from like a joystick and some
other, um, groups out there including games, radar and stuff like that.
And basically seeing that they've, you know, a few run throughs on different levels and
it was damn near impossible, you know, kind of a famous puzzles from different games have
come back.
You know, the disappearing block, you know, um, platform puzzles and, uh, the one hit
kill, um, beams that go across.
Okay.
I forgot to mention about my gaming week.
I've been playing mega man, um, collected main man anniversary collection and I'm starting
with mega man one, right?
I am about to pull my fucking hair out on the ice man level with those fucking blocks.
Whoever invented the block puzzles needs to burn in hell.
All right.
Once you get past the blocks, once you get past, then it only gets worse and mega man
two and the heat man stage, unless you have item two, unless you have item two, which
you ought to.
Yeah, I know.
But seriously, until about the fifth game, the fifth NES game, I never thought a mega
man series is really that hard.
Rob, if you want to make everything easy on the first mega man, cut man.
I did.
I have killed the cut man, elect man, guts man, bomb man.
I'm just, I got to get ice man now so I can get fire man.
And if all fails, sorry, if all fails, you got the rabbit start pause trick and I guess
that's true.
And the cool thing too, also, um, the game is supposed to be out by the end of the, well
actually the beginning of the fourth quarter in, um, September.
So that's going to be coming out in Japan.
I'm guessing probably in the U S around the same time, you know, so, uh, we have a crap
load of people in chat tonight.
Chat that orange launch radio.com game grew says Nintendo games should be Nintendo hard.
So with an eight big game should come that cause is it just, we're, we're eight big games
more difficult than they are today.
I think they are.
Yeah.
Uh, rice princess, are you excited about mega man nine and it's a increased difficulty or
what?
I am because I do not like the, uh, current incarnation of mega man.
I like the oldest.
You don't like legends.
I love legends.
No, you don't like mega man X or any of that stuff.
They're okay.
No, I like the Nintendo mega man.
So this old school thing made you squee in many places, right?
Yes.
Good to hear.
I think they should just continue with making mega man games just like this.
Just make them all a bit from now on.
And you know, if you want to do the 16 bit or the little, you know, higher graphics games,
just do like the mega man X series.
They have really too many series going on.
They have that ZX series now, and then they also have, um, star force and just bring back
legends, bring back the original eight bit mega man.
Well, they are, you get, you get in half of what you want, but they need to continue
and you know, one game is not bringing it back.
Um, I got to, I got to read some comments as well from Justin TV.
We have more people in Justin TV than I've ever seen before.
This is crazy.
Uh, illustrator says real fucking hard keeps the ignorant noobs away, but mega man nine
is not really a multiplayer game.
So who cares about noobs?
Let a noob, noob themselves in their own home.
It's supposed to be fucking hard and then you keep playing it until you can pass it
and then you become better.
You don't just go, Oh, I suck.
Move on to next game.
You know, as, as it was said before about leading noobs to water, most of, most of what
you get are wet noobs and now you're leading noobs to splash woman.
Yes.
All right.
Yeah.
You know, I think she's going to be a bit wet.
Yes.
Oh, you're disgusting.
Maybe that's a little tagline on the poster.
This September's last woman gets wet.
Are we explicit yet?
Oh, we always are.
We all better be.
We always are.
Fuck.
Now we are.
Thank you.
No, not necessarily.
You have to say it a few more times because I watched, fuck, fuckity fucker, fucker, fuck,
fuck, fuck.
There you go.
Cause I watched Hancock over the weekend and they did have fuck in there once, but it's
still PG-13.
But it's got cock in the title.
Because he should have cock in the title.
His name's John Hancock.
Is that the fuck show already?
Orange Lounge Cock-io.
No, it's the cock show.
All right.
Anyway, so Mega Man Nine's been dated for September as well, right?
Yes, that's what I already said.
I'm sorry.
I missed it.
I was sleeping.
I was, I was thinking about Splash Woman's cock, um, cause you know, she probably had
one at some point, you know, doctor, uh, Dr. Wily has his leftover parts.
Anyhow.
You know, you know, what is it by with, with, with Wily and making every single one of his
robots male?
Hmm.
You think he's got a little secret?
Now he's branching out.
But he, but.
Is it sexist?
Dark soccer?
No, it's bi.
Is it sexist?
No.
Cause see, Dr. Wily likes little boys and, but that's okay because so does Dr. Light
and Dr. Light also likes little girls.
What the hell is wrong with this show?
For real?
I'm clicking unsubscribe right now.
Click.
That was disgusting.
So you're saying Dr. Wily's a member of the Catholic church?
God, Chris Hansen's going to be here any minute.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Take a seat.
Take a seat.
Ah shit, you already took a seat.
Because I don't think there's any altar girls.
So he's probably Presbyterian.
All right, look, let's go, let's go to a much cleaner, safer, kid-friendly game.
Animal Crossing, Animal Crossing.
There has been a teaser in the latest official Nintendo magazine over in the UK.
And if you look at the magazine scan that's floating around the internet, or if you actually
own the magazine, it says, it's been a while.
It's time to revisit an old friend.
How's your village doing these days?
That is a, it just has a little picture from Animal Crossing and has that quote.
Could that be a hint that we get Animal Crossing 83?
I bet, I bet, I bet, I bet.
What?
I have thought that it's going to make everyone use their GameCube versions.
The Wii one's going to make everyone use their GameCube versions, why?
I think it's going to make you load your GameCube village.
Oh, maybe that's why the quote saying, how's your village doing all these days?
In other words, you better go pull some fucking weeds or you're in for it when the new game
comes out.
Shit, yeah.
It means I better go get my memory card back from my friend who was taking care of my village
for me.
It wasn't me, was it?
No.
No?
No.
That'd be funny is like the reason they're saying that they're all, yeah, you should
really go back and check how your village is doing because you're not getting a new
game.
Better go back and play the old one.
That might be the joke.
Rob.
What?
I've got the Japanese one too.
I got a new memory card.
I lost my old village.
I can't find it, but I have a new memory card.
So I'm thinking about making like OLR town and maybe playing it on Justin TV and letting
the chatters.
You can do that, Rob.
Yeah.
Let the chatters name.
For real.
We'll do that.
Because we have to have, who was the, who was the lesbian?
I don't remember.
She lived in my village.
There was a lesbian that lived in the village.
Yes.
I remember.
Her whole house was a gym and she was our resident lesbian, so we put a nice little
rainbow sign in the side of her house.
So we put a gay pride flag in front of her house and then she moved.
Yes.
And we ended up setting the, the, the, the pattern up and every time we visited.
Didn't we have her saying like, I like boobs as a little thing?
Yeah.
Animal Crossing is so awesome.
Someone went around going cock.
Um, SS2-100 Matt says the question is if Rob and Irene will quit WoW to play Animal Crossing
Wii.
Uh, yes.
Yeah, right.
Rice princess says she already has.
Are you getting a head start on only village?
Only if they'll bat me wool.
All right.
It is a 12 step recovery program.
All right.
It is a 12 step recovery program.
Well, we'll see.
E3 is coming very soon.
Yeah.
Well, pulling the plug is a one step recovery program.
I have my fingers and toes and other parts crossed that Animal Crossing will be an announcement
at E3.
So we'll see.
We shall see.
Let's move on with other news here.
Um, wait, actually I'll read a quick chat comments here.
Sharon says Animal Crossing was only somewhat kid friendly.
It taught you to not take loans from anyone.
If you do, you'll have to do bitch work for your neighbors and take all the furniture
they throw away for the rest of your life.
Nice.
Very nice.
All right.
Cool.
More news.
Gotta.
Gotta.
Mm.
Okay.
Hey, guess what?
Chicken butt.
There's.
Guess why?
Chicken thigh.
Aha.
In your eye.
This is totally one of those shows now.
It's it's, you know what, having people in studio like a live audience practically ruins
this show.
But Rob.
What?
For my show, for my story, you need to do something.
Okay.
What do I have to do for your story?
Go to the said site that this refers to from Squeenix.
Okay.
And play the sound effect and see if anyone in the chat room gets it first.
I I have a feeling everybody in chat already knows what's coming and I I don't.
But I want the sound effect.
All right.
Yes, ma'am.
Orange Land's radio is fucked up in front of a live audience.
What a demanding woman tonight.
It has to be there.
Let's see.
I've got to get there.
Here we go.
Oh, wait.
That's not it.
That's not me.
You're going to have to start reading the story.
I can't find it.
Okay.
It's a game that I'm sure a lot of people have been wanting for quite a while.
And by the way, it's the link that says Japanese website, by the way.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Are they bringing back to to some sort of system there?
Super Metroid?
Because that game is awesome.
No.
Squeenix didn't make some Metroid.
They're bringing back an RPG that is speculated to be a port, hopefully remaining in 2D on
the Nintendo DS.
Is it Infuriate or Super Metroid?
Shut up.
I see what you did there.
It's not at all.
But do the viewers, do the listeners.
I'm going to throw something at you, okay?
Please do.
Anyway, um, Chrono Trigger, if you go to, um, Squeenix's site, the, um, address is square-annex.co.jp
slash, um, uh, C-T-D-S. And, um, as Rob is pulling it up now.
It's kind of slow because we're broadcasting.
Yeah.
There you go.
There we go.
You want to hear the effect?
I don't even know if they're going to hear it.
We got so much shit running in the studio tonight.
At any rate, well, if you go to that site, you will see the clock.
And you will hear the ticking.
And you will know that it's Chrono Trigger.
Because no other game freaking has that clock making that same ticking noise at the very
start of it.
The clock stopped moving.
Yeah, my computer is not enjoying, uh, broadcasting an internet radio show and doing the Chrono
Trigger website at the same time.
So we will, we will let you do that for yourself so that you can have a truly interactive experience
those of you listening to the podcast.
Uh, AlphaKananagram says in chat, DarkSakura, now it's ChronoTrigger.jp as well.
Is it?
Rad.
Uh, Shaoranz.
Don't make it 3D, Squeenix.
Don't fuck it up.
Shaoranz says, Chrono Trigger, it's over.
Seriously, guys, there are other RPGs that have better storylines and better character
development.
No!
No!
Oh, snap.
No!
Oh, snap.
Object.
You did not, okay?
I think you did.
And, and they haven't translated the ones that do surpass it.
Here's the thing, I, I heard that the Chrono Trigger, oh, so what, Logie, what?
Nothing.
I'm, I'm good.
I just want to say about Chrono Trigger, it's not 3D.
Don't we already know it's going to be the same old sprites?
Yes, exactly.
We did nothing that we can tell, at least.
Bonus dungeon, Wi-Fi play.
Something like that.
Maybe, maybe add, like, some bonus dungeons and, um, I heard co-op, but, you know, how
can you play co-op in that game?
Because you have three people.
It would be, like, Secret of Mana.
Uh.
That might be a little strange.
I don't know about that.
Well, Secret of Mana, you could have, um, three characters in Seiken, too, but the only
way that you could control all three of them was, uh, having a tap.
That was fun.
That was a lot of fun.
I've got a multi-tap, so that was a lot of fun.
Good times.
But, um, but the other speculation, and actually I hope that this will be included, is that
the, um, the animated scenes that they did for the PlayStation version, um, are, uh,
are rumored to be making it to the DS version, especially if they're spending less of the,
uh, processing power on the way the game runs and putting more of it into having the cinemas,
because that'll, that'll make it sweet.
More endings!
SSJ100madass, uh, co-op, gato battle.
Ooh, sweet.
So, I wanna know, everyone who's in this room that's played Chrono Trigger, how many endings
have you gotten?
Two.
Hell, if I remember, probably four.
All of them.
You have no time on your hands, sir.
I mean, you have, uh, too much time.
What was the secret one where you go watch the, uh, she would open the thing with the
pendant and then you would go beat the game?
That was the very first one where you go in the teleporter and, um, right after you do
the teleport trick, and you can fight Lavas right from the start, but you have to, you
would, like, die instantly if you didn't do it in New Game Plus.
Oh, yeah.
Hmm.
And I've done that one.
That's the one where you get the developers ending, where you actually have representations
of the developers and you go in, like, the last room and it's Toriyama wearing his, uh,
gas mask and everything.
And the credits go by really, really fast, because, you know, they want you to skip past
it again.
All this freaking reminiscing here in studio.
Loki looks like he's about to, uh, explode wanting to talk about Elibits.
No, I don't really care, right?
That's right.
I didn't play really much of Chrono Trigger and I don't, I don't feel bad for not having
played Chrono Trigger either, so.
If I want to play Chrono Trigger, I'll hook up my Super Nintendo and grab my cartridge.
I think the DS one might be kind of cool.
I mean, it's...
I've been playing Final Fantasy VI.
The scene is getting a Chrono Trigger Super Nintendo cartridge at this time.
If you didn't hang on to one, it's going to cost you a lot of money to get one now.
Hey Rob!
This game is going to have the super secret final ending where you take the game back
to GameStop and trade it in for store credit.
Rob, please let go.
I didn't pay for my copy.
Someone gave it to me and he left.
So I have it in the box.
Nice.
Inherited.
I don't plan on paying for my copy either.
What a coincidence!
I know!
Alright, move on.
More stories.
Okay, less exciting news.
Elibits 2 has been confirmed and, uh, it's not the same Elibits you may have remembered.
Now it's some sort of top-down, sprite-based game and there's lots of Elibits running around.
It's almost like a cartoony version of Pikmin or something like that.
I don't know.
But Elibits, the Adventures of Kayin Zeros coming out this fall...
I don't know.
It looks weird.
Do you think maybe they're just like, you know, the Wii one just didn't work like we
wanted it to, so let's just jump ship and go to the DS, because we know it'll solve
more.
The 3D version on the DS and they're like, wow, that sucks, and then they're just like,
okay, let's see what we can do with the touchscreen and...
I don't know.
There's no way they could've done the 3D version on the DS anyways, because there's no depth
in it.
True.
True.
It'd be weird.
There's not a lot of depth in a lot of DS games, actually.
It looks like Pokemon.
It seriously looks like...
Well, Pokemon sells billions and billions of copies, so it probably is not a bad idea.
Yeah.
There you have it.
Coming to the Wii, however, even if Elibits 2 may not be coming to the Wii, apparently
Cooking Mama, there's going to be another Cooking Mama game on the Wii.
It's Cooking Mama World Kitchen, and it's coming to you from Majesco, and it's a follow-up
to the game Cooking Mama Cook-Off, which was kind of crap, because they tried to port a
DS game to the Wii, and it just didn't work very well, sadly.
Well, apparently Cooking Mama World Kitchen is a game that's actually being designed for
the Wii, and it's coming out for the holidays, and now instead of just the sprite graphics,
you're actually going to have polygon 3D-ish graphics, new minigames, new things to cook
up, and apparently, rhythm-based gameplay, so now Cooking Mama's going to be all rhythmic,
so that could be interesting.
This could either be really awesome or really crappy.
I'm betting on the second.
I really hope not, because Cooking Mama's kind of cool.
I don't know.
Jamie, I know you love Cooking Mama very much.
What do you think about a rhythm-based Cooking Mama game on the Wii?
I'll reserve judgment until I actually try it, but that's how I say it.
I know.
It's the same way, but your heart doesn't, like, you know...
I'm completely apathetic towards it right now.
Alright.
I will play it.
I'm interested, but I'm not going to make my judgment until I actually see it, because
honestly, I've had games where I've made a harsh judgment about them to start, and it's
turned out that they've been pretty fun, so I'm not going to...
Like Imagine Babies?
Hell no!
That game sucks!
That game is like the, it's like the bugs that live in shit.
Let's see, where did we have in the chat room?
SSJ100Matt says, Rob, crack, crack, crack the egg into the bowl.
That might be a Cooking Mama.
We're listening to that this weekend.
That's the words out of my mouth.
Frisbee says, Cooking Mama Hell's Kitchen.
Now that might be a little bit fun if somebody screams at Cooking Mama and makes her cry.
Except if they base it off of a show, it should be based off of a good show.
Well, Hell's Kitchen is already getting a DS game, and it's actually coming out before
Cooking Mama, so...
Interesting.
I don't know if that's going to be any good, though.
Alright, well there you have it.
So we'll see about that Cooking Mama game.
I don't know, I have to admit, it makes me a little bit nervous, but we'll see.
We shall.
Well, for more happy wee news, this might make some people very pleased, but there is
a, uh, a little bit more coming out on the, uh, for WiiWare.
It was actually released on Friday.
It's um...
First is Pokemon Ranch, where, to quote, it's a place where Pokemon and people love living
together.
Bleh.
Yeah.
Anyway.
You don't think they need Pokemon Bunny Ranch?
No.
Or Pokemon Sniper.
It's Jigglypimp's Whore Lounge from Kalec in the House.
Slut Bunny.
No, I already showed you.
You need to watch that, okay?
Anyway.
I did.
It's a Pokemon parody, it's funny.
Yes.
Anyway.
Um, it's supposed to be sort of like a cross between Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon,
to where you will bring in your Pokemon from Diamond and Pearl, and you can play with them
and take pictures, and um, and you can do stuff.
You just can't level with them.
Shauran in chat wants to know if you can brand them.
That would be awesome.
Yeee-hoo!
Pika!
Uh, Pokemon Snap 2.
This time, you have a gun.
Kinky.
Pokemon Sniper.
A whole new kind of rail shooter.
Pokemon Snap-ther next.
Aww.
Cheeseburger says, Imagine Sniper.
Chat downwards on Twitter.
I would play Imagine Sniper.
That'd be like Silent Scope, though.
And, um, but it's going to be a thousand Wii points, and the other one is a game that you
pop bubbles on.
The bubble-popping game is finally coming out.
It's called Pop.
What a clever title.
You just pop bubbles.
Can you pop Pokemon?
Is it like Buster Brothers?
No, I think it's supposed to be more like, um, there's, it's a bubble-wraps, like, online
game.
I played with that the other day!
It was called Bubble-Wrap!
Let me, it was called Going to Seize Candy, and the best part is the Bubble-Wrap.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
What?
It was called I Bought a Teapot and Played the Bubble-Wrap.
Here's my question.
If you feed a Pokemon an Alka-Seltzer, will it explode?
That's what I want to know.
No.
No?
Only, only the avian ones will.
Well, that's some of them.
There's birds.
Pikachu giblets everywhere.
Rice Princess has this horrified look on her face.
Are you, are you okay?
Would you play Pokemon Ranch?
Does it sound like a fun game to you?
No.
Alright.
Wait.
Wait.
What?
It's 700 Wii points.
We'll see.
To pop bubbles.
This is awesome, though.
Nintendo and WiiWare, they're really doing, like, some different things.
You know, well, people want, like, a new Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles game.
You get Crystal Chronicles, you know, My Life as the King.
It's not really a Crystal Chronicles game, it's more of, like, other people are having
fun outside of your city and you're just staying home watching TV, and that's kind of what
it is.
So, Pokemon, you know, Ranch, oh, well, yo, we could put out a Pokemon game on WiiWare,
but no, let's make a game where you take Pokemon from other games that you have to purchase,
or you can just sit there and wait days and days and days for a new Pokemon to come to
your ranch and walk around and do nothing, except take pictures with them.
I, I feel an OLR game somewhere in here called, like, God Damn I'm So Bored.
We play it every Sunday.
No, Rob, that's like, that's like, that's like the online, that's like the Mii parade.
And God Damn I'm So Bored, you start a podcast with your two friends, and then you just sit
there and pop bubble wrap the whole time.
I don't know, there's a game to be made here somewhere, I gotta think about it.
You also have to include, um, turning on your Wii for the first time and trying to watch
Mii March with only one Mii on it.
That's God Damn I'm So Lonely.
I, I, I, I had that moment in my first month of Wii.
No, no, no, because you eventually get more Mii as you open yourself up to the internet,
but I remember when we first got our Wii, we just turned it on, and Dan and I were watching
this blank screen going, where are they?
I want to see the parade!
No, seriously, all the games on WiiWare seem to be very limited and stupid like this.
I mean, there's, um, the Star Soldier game that has two levels, awesome!
And then there's, like, um, what else do they have?
Well, they have Dr. Mario, but that's just, you know, Dr. Mario.
And, um, they've got this other game that's another DS port of a game that's a ripoff
of Zuma.
And...
Magnetica.
Magnetica.
Totally different.
A better name.
A better name.
Well, it's not all...
Because Magnetica sounds like a Mega Man boss or something.
Magnetica.
Maybe not.
Um, and then they have, what is it, Toki Tori, which, that game's just lame, and, um,
the Bubble Popping game, which, I don't know, it's all kind of lame.
Alright, well.
Oh well.
Um, something else that hopefully is not lame.
Castlevania Judgment, the kind of, not really a Castlevania game, but now it's, uh, Soul
Castlevania.
You know, Soul Calibur, but Castlevania characters and that kind of thing.
Um, it will have Wii DS connectivity.
You'll be able to plug in your new order of S, what was it, uh, Ecclesia, the new DS platformer
game coming out, to unlock bonus gameplay content.
And also so Konami can say, we sold you one of each.
Sucker.
Let me guess, let me guess, I'm thinking a character that you only see in the DS game
is going to be playable in the Wii game if you connect them.
What do you think?
What do you think?
And, yeah.
What do you think?
And guess what?
It's probably paid to unlock content because you're paying for the DS game to unlock the
content on the DS that was already there.
Yeah.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
But here's what you need to do.
You get a friend that has this game for the DS and you just have them come over and done.
No purchase necessary.
There you go.
All right.
Well, Loki was talking about this a little bit earlier during his gaming week, but if
you haven't heard yet, there's a homebrew Super Smash Brothers Rumble that's available
on the DS.
It's by a homebrew programmer that goes by the name of Fuzzy.
If you touch him, do you get dizzy?
That's what I want to know.
Bad joke there.
Now, apparently though, the game only has three levels in it right now and just one
character is playable in the game.
It's Mario.
Now, I have not actually played the game.
There's YouTubage of it, but Loki, since you've actually played the game, tell us a little
more about it.
It's very simplified.
I mean, it's sprite-based characters.
Is it Smash Brothers or is it like Mario?
It's supposed to be like Smash Brothers.
Okay.
Okay.
But, you know, the only playable character is Mario right now and the computer player
doesn't really do anything.
He just kind of runs around trying to avoid you and you can't really smash him off the
edge, you know, defeating the purpose of Smash Brothers.
Personally, I think they should just port over Mugen, but, you know, that's just...
It's asking a bit much.
Well, I don't know if he would be able to run it either.
All right.
Well, if you are homebrew enabled on your DS, which I'm actually kind of curious.
I'm going to ask the chat room a question.
How many people are actually homebrew enabled on their DS?
We have how many people in chat right now?
Almost 50 people in chat right now.
I want to know how many of you are homebrew enabled in chat right now.
Say something while we go over some release dates.
We'll start with the UK.
Well, coming out in the UK, we have a number of things all on the 11th.
We have Beijing 2008, the official video game of the Olympic Games.
That's on PC.
Devil May Cry 4 on PC.
Doodle Hex on DS.
Secret Agent Clank on PSP.
Sports Party on Wii.
Summer Athletics on PS2, PC, and Xbox 360.
And The Incredible Hulk on PS2.
Sounds like a busy week.
In the US, it's not that busy of a week, but there's still some stuff coming out.
Civilization Revolution coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the DS.
Also this week, Unreal Tournament 3 for the Xbox 360.
We've got...
Let's see here.
Lots of people looking forward to that one on 360.
Yes.
Final Fantasy Fables, Chocobo Dungeon on the Wii, which I suppose, I guess it's not quite
a port of the DS game.
Carnival Games on the DS.
And Wonder World Amusement Park on the Wii.
Wait, is the Carnival Games on the DS the other way around where they ported a Wii game
to the DS?
Yes.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
Beijing Olympics 2008 on the PS3 and Xbox 360.
Devil May Cry 4 on the PC.
Per Pals for the Wii.
Code Lyoko Quest for Infinity on the PSP.
And let's see.
And I believe that's pretty much it for the week.
Stigax 282 says, Civ Rev for the fucking win, I agree, that's the game I'm definitely looking
forward to because I actually really like the demo and I don't think it's going to crap
on my childhood memories of the original Civilization, which I was a little worried about at first,
so I'm pretty excited about that.
GameGuru agrees, Civ Rev for the win.
And RobW2B says, Carnival Games is a different game.
It's not the same thing.
By the way, let's go back real quick before I do Japanese dates and see how many of our
chat rooms are currently homebrew enabled.
Let's see, where were we?
Where do we start in chat?
N, I don't.
Me, I don't even have a DS.
If I knew how to do it, I am, Skye.
I am homebrew enabled.
Raise his hand, can play homebrew, nope.
I am homebrew enabled.
Yep.
DS, what's that?
I have not turned on my DS in like a year.
I'm not, but my friends is.
Yes.
No homebrew on my DS.
I am homebrew enabled for DS, Wii, PSP.
I don't even have a DS.
And lastly, my GBA, DS, PSP, and iPod are all running homebrew apps.
That's actually a larger percentage than I would have thought.
Because I don't run homebrew on my DS because I just don't know how to do it.
And Mokey's like, hey, you want a hit?
Well, once you get the device to do it, it's really simple.
I mean, it's just drag drop, you know, no thought.
Interesting.
It's not like, you know, a Wii or some installations required and that kind of thing.
Alright, well let's go over to Japan and look at some release dates coming out over there.
On the Xbox 360, some games are getting a price reduction.
Viva Piñata on the Xbox 360 is getting cut in price, as well as Forza Motorsport 2 and
Test Drive Unlimited, as well as The Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion.
They all move into the Platinum Collection in Japan this week.
As far as new games go, Kane & Lynch Deadman comes out on the Xbox 360 in Japan.
That's a new one.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3 in Japan on July 10th, Dark Sector as well as Kane & Lynch
Deadman comes out on the PlayStation 3.
Moving on over to the Nintendo Wii, checking out what's over there.
Not a lot.
Biohazard Zero, which of course is Resident Evil outside of the US.
Biohazard Zero comes out as well on July the 10th.
Going over to the handhelds in Japan, I'm sorry, first PlayStation 2, again, a couple
games go into the best series, but here's one a lot of people are looking forward to.
Persona 4 comes out in Japan on July 10th.
And if you're a hardcore RPG fan and you can read Japanese and understand it, you are probably
importing this game, I would imagine.
Just call it a hunch.
But I know people are crazy about Persona 4.
On the Nintendo DS, Custom Beat Battle Draglade 2 comes out.
Cosmetic Paradise, Maki no Kiseki comes out.
What else do we have here?
Another couple games go into price reduction, so lots of sales this week.
Pet Shop, Monogatari DS comes out from Taito.
On the Sony PSP, I doubt there's a lot this week.
Taking a look.
Oh, God of War Chains of Olympus, I take that back.
God of War Chains of Olympus gets its Japanese version this week.
So check that out.
I thought I read that last week on the show, so I must have been looking in advance or
something.
Also, a Vehicle Battle game comes out on the PSP from Irem.
Pongkotsu Roman Daika Sugeki Bumpy Trot.
It's um, God what the hell do they call it, Steam Bot Chronicles.
I like that other name though, that's cute.
Bumpy Trot.
Bumpy Trot.
See, I'd buy it here if it was called Bumpy Trot, but no, I just gotta have a lame name.
I have a bunch of these little harmonicas for that game at work.
I don't know why.
What?
It was some crap that they sent us to promote the game.
Unfortunately they sent it like a year after it came out, and I was like, okay, I can't
do anything with this.
Random question from chat that has nothing to do with anything we're talking about.
Fear the Claw asks, well sort of, because we mention it during release dates.
Fear the Claw asks, I've never played Viva Pinata, what is it?
Is it really that bad?
Uh, gosh, where do we begin?
Viva Pinata was Xbox 360's kind of foray to try and rip off Pokemon in a way.
Not necessarily rip off.
They went in it full board, they actually did a TV show.
TV show, everything.
You know, the problem was, the game was too complicated for seven year olds to understand.
And then the teenagers and adults that wanted to play it, it was a little bit too much of
a kid game.
So the original's not bad, it's not a bad game by any means, especially considering
how cheap we can find it now, but the sequel, Viva Pinata Party Animals, that's bad.
Because that wasn't even the same type of game.
But then there's gonna be another sequel that's gonna be Viva Pinata Trouble in Paradise,
which is coming out in September on the 360, so if you really want to check that out, maybe
wait until that comes out.
And then there's also Viva Pinata Park to Paradise, which is coming out in the DS in
September as well, I think.
All right.
Well, let's get back to some gaming news.
Now you know release dates are out of the blood.
Well, in other news, and this actually specifically goes for folks in Chandler, Arizona, at the
McCullough Price House, there's a, I don't know if this is still going on, but it was
going on as of the first, but an exhibit that's ancient history of video games, specifically
on 70s consoles, and they are all set up to wear, first of all, for games that didn't
require electricity, like Lincoln Logs.
That's not a game.
I'm going through everything, but it's also got freestanding games like Centipede and
Space Invaders, and home consoles with, actually even there was one table that said set up
like a 1970s living room with a sofa facing a large wooden TV set.
And it had an Atari console plugged in with cartridges and everything, Telstar, and as
it started there, it actually moved on through towards more modern era systems too.
Just I guess to show how video gaming has evolved.
And then they were having a lot of people bring in their private collections to loan
some of their systems in for the project, and basically sort of like how our classic
gaming expo was, if you remember.
I was going to say, it sounds like the museum, the classic gaming expo.
That's exactly what I think it was like, but it even had a full 80s era arcade that had
a bunch of games and exhibits set up, and they were all in free play.
And if anyone, if it's still going on though, if anyone lives in or near Chandler, Arizona,
we would definitely appreciate if you would actually go get us some pictures from this.
Awesome.
We like pictures.
Yes.
I'd appreciate if you stole something from me.
Remember, remember.
But we didn't tell you to do it.
Remember, if you value your soul, don't bother playing the Fairchild Channel F. It sucks.
So noted.
So noted.
Duly noted.
There's a game that's, I guess, coming out in Europe that's kind of interesting, and
unfortunately this is a rather old article, but I thought it was interesting anyways.
Music Monsters.
It's a new music game being developed by publisher Joe Wood, and it combines kind of like, Owen
Dunn with Jam Sessions and Band Brothers.
And it's kind of neat.
You have like...
That could be neat.
Basically, the gameplay is just like Owen Dunn.
There's little circles that you see that appear you have to tap with your stylus.
But as stuff goes along, it's kind of walking you through playing music on like, they have
a harpsichord, and then it goes to this weird tripped out guitar thing.
And as you're playing the game, it's kind of like BeatMania a little bit almost too,
where you'll play the guitar part, then you'll play a keyboard part, etc.
But they have stuff in there.
There was, I believe there was a Depeche Mode song in there, the ones I saw in there, also
other than that, Final Countdown, and there was the, was it Numa Numa, or something like
that?
Oh god.
Is that the song that the fat kid dances to in that YouTube video?
I think so, yes.
Those were, yeah, in there as well, so no word on when that's coming out though yet,
but soon, hopefully soon, maybe the Halloween time or something like that.
Maybe more at E3?
Who knows?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Alright, well, probably the worst kept secret in the gaming industry, speaking of E3, was
that, hey, there's a Rock Band 2 coming!
So it was finally made official this week, Rock Band 2 is coming, and IGN ran this big
article about the whole thing, they had an interview with the lead designer of Dan Teasdale,
and this is the cool thing about Rock Band 2, anything that you downloaded in Rock Band
1, the download content, you are going to be automatically able to use in Rock Band
2.
Nice.
Very nice.
And hopefully it's not one of those cases where it's all already on the disc, kind of
like they did with the DDR games.
I don't think so.
But I don't think so, there's too much of it.
No, I think they just made it compatible with the songs that you download, because each
song that you download is like, you know, 60, you know, 30 to 60 megs, so.
I think it's great.
So there you have it.
And by the way, also a quote from Teasdale, we've also secured what I can easily say is
the best setlist I've ever seen in a music game.
Oh really, sir?
Well some of that best setlist apparently leaked out this week in a YG4 TV, oh, gotta
love them.
Except not.
In their show X-Play, they were showing a little clip of Rock Band 2 the day it was
announced, and here's the thing, if you know how to pause your screen at just the right
moment, guess what?
You can see part of the song list, and it includes, let's see, Dream Theater, System
of a Down, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Fru Fighters, Kim Wilde, Kids in America, that was a DDR
game, Motorhead, Cheap Trick, Journey, thank you very much, Win, The Who, Pinball Wizard,
which, there you have it.
Everlong, fuck yes.
That sounds pretty awesome.
And then even more Rock Band 2 songs apparently came out.
This one, I mean, it's one thing to have the freeze frame on G4 TV, that's pretty obvious,
but apparently now also a user at the forums at Score Hero apparently has spent some time
with Rock Band 2.
This one, slightly bigger grain of salt, but this, I don't see why any of this wouldn't
be real.
Linkin Park, Mega Death, Rage Against the Machine, The Guess Who, Lenny Kravitz, it
could be either one, because this American Woman is the song, Billy Idol, White Wedding,
that is badass, Alanis Morissette, You Oughta Know, I never thought I'd see that in a music
game, that's gonna be awesome, that's my favorite, I never thought I'd see her in a video game,
Jethro Tull, it could, Aqualung.
Either the Thin Lizzy or Joan Jett version of Bad Reputation, Alice in Chains, get this,
evening is better, this is where I start to go, this is too good, Soundgarden with Spoonman,
and get this, Jamie, this is the best ever.
Not quite, because you can use your Radiohead download content at least.
The Go-Go's, we got the beat.
I think I'm gonna take the Alice in Chains with the big grain of salt because the song
featured is Man in the Box, I don't know how they would censor that.
Well they censor it in the regular game, you never know.
Well it doesn't matter, Journey is there, that's an automatic win.
Automatic win?
I mean, Say No More?
I think Jethro Tull was there, automatic win.
Proof that flutes do belong in a rock band.
Jethro Tull for the win, hi.
And Hit Stun in Chat says, actually yeah, I'd play that Alanis Morissette guitar part,
that was like her most rockin' song, that would be great for a rock band.
And Dreadlock Lord says, are these rock bands?
Yes.
Some greats in there.
I just can't believe that she wrote that song about Dave Coulier.
SSJ100Matt says, Rob, what about Like a Prayer?
God, I hope not.
No, there's any God in Heaven, no.
I've never in my life gotten over that.
I didn't even know behind the music, I discovered it.
Did you see the other ones?
You're all welcome to go Dying of Fire, what's that?
The other rumored track lists or whatever.
So we've gone from little grain of salt to medium sized grain of salt to now big grain
of salt.
This is big grain of salt.
There was some leaked track lists, first one I guess is from some guy named Demp, a commenter
on 8BitFix, and he says he's got, I guess someone that saw it via an email source or
something like that.
Anyways, it's like a fourth hand hearsay they said.
Here are some of the tracks, ACDC, Let There Be Rock, AFI, Lance Morissette, which you
ought to know on there, Alice in Chains, let's just read the important ones.
Beastie Boys, Beck, Blondie, Devo, The Donnas, Duran Duran, Fleetwood Mac, this is too good
to be true.
If that is the real list, win for Rock Band, game set match.
Oh my god, lit with her one hit wonder of my own worst enemy.
Okay, big grain of salt.
Survivor, Eye of the Tiger, no this is too good.
Let's see here, and then they had another one here, Loading Realities, another one,
they had some other songs.
Presidents of the USA with Lump, Bon Jovi, no this is a fanboy list, it's got to be.
If it's the real one, I am so sold.
That's gonna be good, and you know what, I bet you it's only a few more weeks away, E3,
they're gonna announce some stuff about it, there was also some rumors that there's gonna
be some additional hardware, optional hardware stuff for you, I don't know if like Effector
Pedals or something like that, that's gonna be involved, but you know.
But sadly, neither Loki nor Dark Sakura will be doing any singing in Rock Band, will they?
Sadness.
No I won't.
Ooh, yay.
Don't get me drunk, I will.
Alright, sounds like a plan.
Real quickly before we move on, in Rock Band 1 news, or will be Rock Band 2, because it's
download stuff, some new stuff coming out for the Rock Band download content, some Red
Hot Chili Peppers songs, Tell Me Baby and Snow, Hey Oh, and Rush, Closer to the Heart
and Working Man, that's pretty awesome.
Also The Who, they were gonna try to get the entire album Who's Next, but unfortunately
the master recordings weren't all available, so you get something even better, it's a best
of The Who, and it's a ton of freakin' songs, Amazing Journey, Baba O'Reilly, Behind Blue
Eyes, Eminence Front, Going Mobile, Leaving Here, Real Good Lookin' Boy, Seein' Sand,
Who Are You, and live versions of my generation, Summertime Blues and Young Man Blues.
So for Who fans, you're ready to go with that, that's great.
I gotta ask, where the fuck is the Nirvana we were promised?
Who cares?
No, no, forget the Nirvana.
Where's the weird Al?
He has original stuff, come on now, where's some weird Al?
Something big at E3, you can betcha, something big at E3, whether it's Weird Al or Nirvana,
we shall see.
So, but you have more rock band news, right?
That I do, Mr. Rob, as in, we played a bunch of it at my house, no I'm kidding.
There's actually a number of bands that are in talks to do different music games, Frontline
Music Label, of course there's Aerosmith, some of the other groups in talks are Guns
and Roses and Van Halen, who were wanted to put out music games, and there's also the
Eagles and Steely Dan have agreements in the works, so we might be seeing quite a number
of other really big names, but there's actually one group that's never gonna do it, and that's
Led Zeppelin, because they don't want anyone to touch the master recordings.
I think they're just being bitches about it, how about you?
They're bitches.
Too much hot.
I don't know.
Well, let's see here, in other news, completely unrelated to rock band, Firmware 2.40 for
the Playstation 3 was released last week, and immediately pulled back down because there
were some issues with it, but 2.40 of course, as you may remember, was the one introducing
the brand new trophy system, as well as in-game cross-media bar, and custom soundtracks and
all that fun stuff, oh well, but there's obviously a problem and they're working on fixing it,
and hopefully it'll be up again soon, but there was some other stuff I heard about that
was kind of interesting though, they're gonna do, well they have some updates already for
some of the older games that have come out to add trophies to them, which is pretty cool.
I don't know, I think right now these trophies don't really mean much to me until I think
Home comes out and you can actually display them.
It's like, oh, hey guys, we fucked it up, let's try again.
Yeah, I saw Scott Reuben was having some issues with 2.40.
And we had in chat, Rob 2B says, thank god I waited to download it, and Zappi says, it's
fine, I've used it since Wednesday, so it sounds like the problem's sporadic.
I wonder if it's a certain model of PS3s that's having the issues, because you know they've
had different types.
They've had the ones that can play PS2 games, the ones that can play, so, hmm, alright,
so did you check out the firmware yourself, Loki?
I'm sorry, I skipped out for a minute, nope.
Not having it?
No.
I don't really care, because I haven't played a game on my PS3 for a long time.
I don't think my PS3's been on in like three weeks.
I use it for movies.
But the next game that we're getting is the initial T-Came anyway.
Nice.
By the way, the trophies that are gonna be the big part of 2.40 whenever they get the
working version out, apparently there was an earlier statement that every game would
actually have trophies in it, but that probably only meant the actual first-party games, because
you know what, the third-party publishers, some of them say they're not gonna go back
and put trophies in the games, because they've moved on to bigger and better things.
For instance, Insomniac, one of the bigger developers, they are focusing on Resistance
2, which I guess that would actually be a first-party, because Insomniac developed the
game for Sony, huh?
They are focusing on Resistance 2, they are not gonna be putting trophies in Resistance
or Ratchet and Clank Future.
They may, well, it's just not their biggest priority right now.
I mean, big deal.
Get over it.
SSJ100Matt says, the trophies are a lie.
Indeed.
And by the way, also adding to the list, Call of Duty 4, Civilization Revolution, not right
now for trophies.
Maybe in the future.
Unless they're yanking our chain, which is possible, who knows, but I somehow doubt it.
What do you guys, out of curiosity, you guys here in studio, what do you think about trophies?
Is it something needed, or is it just, like, whatever, or what?
It's kinda neat, but I haven't even really figured out what all that means, like, you
know, I know there's different trophies you can get.
There are different, like, bronze, silver, gold, and platinum.
I don't know what any of it means yet, because I haven't played a game that uses them, so.
I don't know.
It's just, it's neat, but it's not gonna, like, I think with the 360, I'm more inclined
to buy games and stuff, because it's like, ooh, I got all these achievements and stuff
like that.
Or at least to play them to their, you know, end.
But with the Playstation 3, I'm not really interested in it, I mean, as far as buying
games to, you know, play them for their trophies.
Maybe when home comes out, who knows.
Well, you know, Resistance 2 I'm definitely gonna buy, but.
Xenocore has a good point in chat.
Ratchet and Clank has its own trophy system, don't need the ones on the PS3.
Game Guru says, trophies, like achievements, are meh.
And Tigerclaw says, geez, just when we have to deal with achievement whores, now we gotta
deal with trophy whores.
Wait until those houses open up in home.
That's when you're gonna see the trophy whores.
My Billy has gotten all these trophies.
That's when you're gonna see the trophy whores.
Yeah, but she's still got no life, huh?
Alright.
Sadly, though, we can't go back and add trophies to some of the classic games from the past,
but you know what, they're better off without them.
But we always like to take a moment here at the end of part A on every episode of Orange
Laundry and pay some tribute to the old classics, and that's what we're gonna do this week's
classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura, gonna go to her gaming wardrobe, dig out an old, dusty cartridge and say, hey,
play this damn game this week.
What game is it this week, Dark Sakura?
This is actually a game that I think I might own, but I haven't played it in a long, long,
long, long, long time.
But it's for Osprey, who's not in the chat room.
Fifty points.
It's Ristar, which is a platform game that was done by Sonic Team.
And if you play it, you will notice quite a number of similarities to the Sonic games.
Quite a number of them.
But it is, it's this little star who runs around, and he, you know, can move across
bars and things, you know, like monkey bar type hanging bars, and jump over things and
shoot things, well, land on things, really, to kill them, they're in a way.
But he goes through different planets, trying to see, you know, trying to get through to,
I guess, rescue the star goddess.
And I apologize, guys, for some reason we don't have the music tonight.
I don't know what is causing, I may have to close Justin.tv to do that, but we don't have
music tonight, and I don't know why.
So sorry, guys, you'll just have to, maybe Dark Sakura can hum the tune, I don't know.
Music sounds very Sonic-y, anyway.
It does.
It looks very Sonic-y.
The game looks very Sonic-y.
Speaking of Sonic, I believe this was an unlock in one of the Sonic collections?
It was, it was in the Sonic Mega Collection Plus on PC, and had a Game Gear release, too.
It also was, it's available on the Sega Genesis Collection for PS2 and PSP, and also available
on the Virtual Console.
But as you go through the game, your health is actually registered in stars, and each
hit is one star, is that right?
No, it's the little theme song, because sadly, Ristar wouldn't work.
Sorry, guys.
But you also, as you gain momentum in running, you get sparks of stars that go behind you,
and it's called Shooting Star, and so you can fly in different tricks, but it's a pretty
neat little game.
It had some differences from the Japanese to English versions.
Planets had different names in the English version.
English one, in the Japanese one, he ran around with a very happy face the whole time, except
during a boss battle, and in the American one, they gave him the angry face the entire
time that he had during the boss battles.
There's also a skiing sequence that was added to level five in the US one.
Ita Mora was a giant cat in the Japanese version, which changed to an ice monster.
There's anti-gravity shoes in round six, different treasure names.
The European version of Ristar actually took advantage of larger resolutions that were
available on PAL systems.
And actually, the third game on the Game Gear version is, if you play the Japanese version
on an American Game Gear, the third stage is missing.
It just vanished.
It went away.
Pretty much.
But then again, if you play, what was it, Burning Street that was on Genesis, if you
put your Japanese cartridge into a US system, either by a converter or whatever, it changes
to Street to Rage.
Nice.
But it was put out by Acclaim, and it was pretty fun.
Alright.
It got a 9.5 by GameSpot.
Ristar is your classic game of the week, and you can check that out on just about any Sonic
Mega collection that's out there.
Sonic Team!
Game Guru is clarifying, Ristar was available on all the Sonic Mega collections, GameCube,
PlayStation 2, and Xbox.
So it's out there, waiting for you.
It's a Sonic Team game, it may as well be Sonic.
And sadly, it's the only way you're going to hear the music, thanks to our failure this
week.
Go on and find it.
I was going to mention, there was another game that they had gameplay footage of come
out this week, and that would be Wario Land Shake It.
And what's funny is that game looks very much like Sonic.
It's weird.
Could be interesting.
Could be very interesting.
Alright.
Well, that's going to do it here for part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but we will be back
with plenty more, and we've got some fun stuff planned for part B. We're going to play the
match game tonight with all these people in the house.
You know that's going to be fun.
One chatter and one caller will get to go head-to-head in the OLR match game, and plenty
more gaming news.
We haven't even touched, barely, the Xbox 360 and some of this stuff, but we'll get
to all that when we come back after this break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights, and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
