This is your host, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco!
Tonight July 20th, 2008, at E3, Microsoft announces a Netflix partnership, Sony is set
to launch a new MAG game, and Nintendo announces a Grand Theft Auto portable game.
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
But we're not cool enough for E3, I'm sorry to say.
No, we just sat here bitter all week long eating our bon-bons and watching it on TV.
Right, DarkSakura?
My lovely coast?
Hell no.
Hell no?
I did other stuff.
Like what?
Going outside?
What's that?
Going to the Classic Gaming Expo, not Classic Gaming Expo, what the hell am I saying?
California Xtreme.
You were thinking about going to Classic Gaming Expo, but you actually went to California
Xtreme.
Classic Gaming Expo is dead as far as I know, so.
I think they're supposed to have it again next year, I'm not sure.
I try to keep tabs on MySpace, but we'll see.
But we'll get more on California Xtreme in just a minute, but it would not be a show
if I could not introduce the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing okay.
All right.
Did you, now you did not go to California Xtreme.
No, I did not go to California Xtreme.
What did you do in lieu of E3 this year?
I actually watched E3, watched the press conferences streaming, during work, I might add, because
it technically is work-related, so we sat.
All right, you sell the games, so it's kind of work-related for you.
Yeah, so we, well, yeah, I tried getting that past management.
Luckily, management wasn't there, so we watched it anyways.
Nice.
Yeah, so it was interesting.
All right.
I ended up reading it through blogs, because I, my day job, I teach, not kids, but adults.
I teach in a corporate environment, and so I didn't really have a chance to watch anything
live, so I just had to kind of read it through blogs, but, you know, people had it covered,
I guess, although it would have been more exciting to be there, but, you know, what
can you do?
You can go to a different expo, that's what you can do, and we'll talk more about that
in a little while, but first, let's hear about the trip that Jamie took this week, which
I'm surprised.
Somebody would do a gaming expo the same week as E3, but you went on a little trip,
right?
Yes.
I went on a little trip today for Saturday, I didn't, you know, it ended today, but I
ran into lots of people that I know, including someone in our chat room right now, GS68,
who actually found me.
Nice hat, by the way.
And I ran into Mel and Melody, I ran into Wendell and some of his buddies, and saw a
few other notable personages.
I actually saw Jason Enos in line.
GS68 has actually posted his share of pictures from the event on his little photo bucket
in our chat room, chat.orangelandsradio.com, and what's this I see here, I think this might
be a picture.
Ah, yes, there is Dark Sockar, our very own little space invader.
How do you get a space invader?
Nice.
Melody and I wanted to steal it.
And some other lady with her ass on the table, right next to you.
You might want to crop that picture, GS68, it's very unflattering to the other lady
who looks like she just pooped out a playing card.
Let me link the chat.
I'm sorry, podcast listeners, because you're thinking like, what?
But I have to post this picture because I'm laughing too hard at it.
I look like hell.
Oh, you look fine.
Like hell.
Look, you don't look nearly as bad as the other lady.
All right, enough about- She did poop a playing card.
Look, what kind of games did you get to play at California Extreme?
Okay, let me grab the phone because I took pictures of everything.
You pay a cover fee, right, to get into this thing, and then you just play three arcade
games from the 80s and 90s all day long, right?
And a few more recent ones.
I got an email with- Dude, there's a spider again!
I got an email with a Journey arcade game picture, so I know you played that at least.
I didn't play it, Melody did.
It made part of my soul hurt.
Why?
Because I cried, you know, from nostalgia.
Did she get the- She finally got the concert tried toward the
end of the day.
I was gonna say, you have to get the tape to play.
That's the best part.
Okay, so, games.
I've got a list of stuff I did and did not play.
First of all, they had a demo of Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix set up, and they
had a PlayStation 3 set up with the online games, including Puzzle Fighter HD, which
I watched Wendell and Mel play.
Melody and I played Raiden Fighters 2, which was pretty fucking sweet, and I got fifth
highest score.
They had the prop cycle Addams Family there.
What?
You know the people that have the prop cycle set up to play Addams Family?
No, I haven't seen that.
Oh, you have, too, because we commented on it.
Really?
I've seen the prop cycle, but I've never seen it.
Let me see.
Don't drop my phone.
I won't.
Oh, that is kind of strange.
Is actually someone on a prop cycle- A prop cycle attached to an Addams Family,
and the game runs as you pedal.
Huh.
Interesting.
I've had pictures of this set before, so moving on- Oh, that's- My phone's upside down, Rob.
Come on.
Turn back right side up.
Thank you.
Sorry, I had to fix my phone.
Silly iPhone.
Melody played Star Wars Racer Arcade that they had put inside one of these games that
you look into the view hole to do the racing, and I think it was like a submarine or space
game before or something, but it was kind of neat.
They had blasteroids there, which I didn't play, and I was so mad because I took a picture
of a guy in a Big Bang bar shirt, but the picture didn't come out well, and then they
had one of those mini SNK cabinets.
Like there's, if you can see, we had to play on our knees to play it, and we played Puzzle
Bobble, and Melody and I played a sit-down of Crystal Castles, the two-player sit-downs.
Oh, cool.
Like one with a cocktail, yeah.
You set your drink on it.
And then I didn't- Oh, yeah, this is a picture of some dude playing Journey, so-
So is it just arcade game madness or what?
They have these little panels and stuff there, too, right?
Yeah, panels.
Dan went to the panel that had Steve Ritchie, who's the guy who designed some of the best
pins ever, like Twilight Zone and No Fear.
We actually have a lot of the games that he designed.
By the way, they did have Tapper, but I didn't play.
Awesome.
But they, he went to that panel, and then I went to a panel later on with Dan to see
someone talk about customizing.
I'm trying to be understanding because it was his first panel, it just wasn't very well
presented.
I think, you know, with a little bit of experience, he can do better, but there were some interesting
things.
And then we went to a panel about the guy who made Donkey Kong 2, as in he sprite-ripped
and redid levels to have going after the original four in Donkey Kong.
Because I was going to say, wait, Donkey Kong 2 is Donkey Kong Jr., but this is a different
thing.
This is an actual Donkey Kong 2.
Interesting.
Um, you can find the, he actually has a website and everything, but, and then I went to watch
Tilt, but I only watched the first part of it because I've seen the rest of it, but it's
like about the end of Williams Pinball Division and the Pinball 2000 that came out.
I did play some Episode 1 Pinball.
Cool, cool.
But for other games, I had a Gallagher game.
Like the guy who smashes watermelons, Gallagher?
Yes.
And it's like one of those little gun games like Mad Dog McCree was.
Nice.
And, um, do you shoot watermelons and they explode?
No.
Maybe you can shoot flies off of his, off of a lunch.
And I played a sit-down Cinestar.
That's cool.
Very cool.
Beware.
I live.
Yeah.
There was a Burger Time and I played some Gauntlet.
Uh, Junior Pac-Man, uh, Melody played that.
So you played it all.
I mean, there's some, some, some notable, there's a picture of my foot.
Um, I also, um, they had a Big Bang bar, which of course, you know, I had to play Big Bang
bar.
It's a chain, right?
And then, um, Oh, there's my beer.
I also played, um, an eight ball deluxe, which is the set, I think as far, if I'm right,
it's the second highest, um, grossing, um, flipper using pinball table.
The first being Adam's family.
And then I played the Ted Nugent pinball, which was actually really good.
I didn't even know that existed.
Gallagher 98 Pac-Mania, Monopoly, Pango, they're the Pango in a really good condition.
I love Pango.
It's a good, pretty Tron.
Um, how many people were there tons, there was just a lot of people.
Um, although I honestly don't know that the turnout this year was as good as last they
didn't have the auction.
Do you think it might have to do with the fact they're holding at the same time as E3
too?
I don't think that was really their choice because from what I understand, they were
trying to avoid scheduling around the jazz festival in San Jose.
Now this one's a cool one.
If you can see, it's a black Spiderman pinball machine.
They only made, I think 500 of them.
So someone brought it in and if you hit the right flipper button, you can play it in Spanish.
And then there's this guy here who had a Flynn's t-shirt on, which if anyone is a big Tron
nut like me, you know that that's the name of the arcade that, um, the guy had in.
And then this was really cool.
Um, someone took, um, the wizard pinball table, which was the one that Elton John was playing
in, um, in, uh, Tommy and made the big boots and put it up on a stand to play on, like
in Tommy.
All right.
I have to address this because Bobby's saying this in our chat room, chat that orange lounge
radio.com and our old buddy, Bobby black Wolf, who's on before us and all games.com.
He says it wasn't the same time as E3, E3 ended Thursday.
If anything, it made it easier for someone to attend it.
It just, they could just hop up after E3.
But I'm thinking like, okay, I've been to E3 in the past, granted it was a lot different
back then.
I know how I felt at the end of E3.
I didn't want to do shit.
The idea of another gaming expo was like the furthest thing from my mind.
If somebody had told me, Hey, let's go to a gaming expo tomorrow, it would be like,
you've got to be kidding me.
So I don't know, maybe it's just me, but I'm thinking, you know, it's a little too close
together.
You got to give it at least a month.
Uh, it would have been really tight and I just have to say the one day of me going,
um, all granted, I didn't have, um, my, the medication that I have to take, but, um, I,
I got so tired just walking around and, um, cause we, we left the house at, at, uh, at
10 and we got there just a little bit afternoon, um, actually closer to one.
So Dan could hit, hit that panel he wanted to go to.
Um, but just walking around all day, just all day walking and I was pretty much dead
tired.
I did nothing but sleep today.
You better prepare yourself for packs.
That's going to be three days.
I'm going to bring better shoes.
All right.
Oh my God.
Shoes.
All right.
Oh my God.
Shoes.
Thank you for the lovely report.
I'm sure we'll hear more from Dan later.
Possibly.
Um, well no.
All right.
But go to our forum.
Um, in our, um, our orange lounge chat area, I did post up a, uh, the review that Dan wrote
for us since we have nowhere on the front page to do it yet yet.
All right.
Um, but Dan, Dan wrote a lengthy review.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week while you weren't attending any cool expos like the
cool kids?
Um, it was okay.
Like um, all right.
So I played the Tales of Vesperia demo, which was released this week.
Very pitiful.
I might say that they only released two demos during their bringing it home.
Oh yeah.
You brought it home.
All right.
Woo wee.
I'm not as enthusiastic as the rest of the event went.
Um, Tales of Vesperia.
I didn't like it.
I really wanted to like it.
I already had it preordered, you know, it looked like a game I could probably get into
kind of like, you know, eternal Sonata or something like that.
I just, what did it for me is I didn't like really the, I thought it was a little cheesy
and I mean the graphics are awesome.
The graphics are just like eternal Sonata.
Yeah.
Combat was kind of annoying.
I didn't like the combat one bit that kind of ruined it for me.
Um, it's all kind of real time and you switch between your characters and you cast spells
and stuff and everyone kind of is on autopilot, which kind of sucked.
Um, I liked eternal Sonata a lot better where it was turn based and you could do all that
real time stuff within like a certain time limit.
I thought that was pretty cool, but this was kind of all over the place.
And um, then my buddy played Too Human.
I didn't get a chance to play it because I tried downloading the demo twice, both times
it was corrupted.
So that was awesome.
And here it was just mediocre.
So I don't know, but he's going to buy it because he liked, you know, games like Conan
and stuff like that, which, you know, I kind of like that too.
It doesn't really take much to impress me as far as action games go.
I mean, I don't know.
But um, I did play some DS games, I played Metal Slug 7 a bit and I didn't really play
the main game of it because I mean, shit, it's just Metal Slug.
But they had these like challenge mode things in there and that was kind of interesting.
You had different tasks and once you finish those, you go up in rank and stuff like that
and it gets harder.
So that, that's kind of cool with the added replayability.
And then I played, um, more point blank DS, which the DS, I don't know.
At first it was pretty fun with the DS stylus, but it's just not as accurate as firing the
gun.
So it's kind of frustrating at times because you're tapping.
That's strange because I would think when you tap, you're tapping right on it, whereas
exactly button.
But sometimes the, I don't know if they had a calibration option or whatever, but it wasn't
exact.
So that was kind of annoying.
And um, what else did I play?
I tried some more of a portal still live, which was that DS, or actually it's still
live DS, I guess, which is that little, uh, like portal game, the 2D one.
That was kind of fun, short.
Um, and what else did I play?
I think that was pretty much it.
I was just kind of going all over the place.
Oh, I went back to play some old Xbox live arcade games, played Zuma some more, because
that's fun.
Nelly's cool.
Because now that I have it hooked up to the TV again, Nelly's like, oh, Zuma, I can play
this again.
So.
All right.
Sounds, sounds like you were keeping yourself busy with what you already have, games you
already have to beat.
Exactly.
And it's just like looking at, you know, there was stuff that came out this week, you know,
Xbox live arcade stuff, but just like, all of it sucked.
And uh, ooh, Tuesday, this Tuesday, my DS, I gotta dust it off with what's coming out
this Tuesday.
I'll tell you later in the show when we get to release dates.
However, uh, my gaming week, I'll keep it short, um, because there really wasn't a lot
to it.
It was the same stuff I've been playing, Civ Rev, uh, Space Invaders stream on PSP, but
I had a little bit of renaissance as well.
I, uh, when I saw Nintendo's press conference and, and some of the games they were debuting,
I was like, wow, this looks pretty much the same as, as GameCube stuff.
So I went back to the GameCube and I decided I wanted to play Animal Crossing again.
So I started a brand new town in Animal Crossing and started from the top.
And um, it's so funny.
I think my roommate, uh, summed it up perfectly.
He walked in on me playing the game this morning after I'd played it a little bit yesterday.
He's like, what's the point of this game?
He's kind of like, why do you like this game?
It seems like there's no point.
And I'm like, you're kind of right.
There is no point.
That's the point.
It's like the Sims.
There's no real point to that either.
But I thought I would, uh, play it to try and collect more of the NES games.
Cause remember that was one awesome thing about Animal Crossing on the GameCube is that
it had all the old school NES games buried in it.
Like you could get like Clu Clu Land.
How awesome is that?
And Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Neither of those games on Virtual Console if I remember right.
So there you have it.
Um, and then I also, I'll tell you what, cause I was talking about it last week.
I made good on this.
I started playing F-Zero GX on the GameCube again cause that is a great racing game.
Boy I wish they would make a high def version of that cause that would be a lot of fun.
The cool thing is the GameCube version supports widescreen and progressive scan.
So it's already outputting, you know, pretty much the same level that other Wii games would.
You know, granted the slightly more advanced Wii hardware would probably make a better
F-Zero game.
But I want to see something like F-Zero on like 720, 1080 level.
That would be awesome.
Was that like F-Zero?
That's a fun racing game.
And I was a little sad they didn't announce that, a new F-Zero game at their press conference.
But what can you do?
But you have to understand the E3 wasn't for the core gamer, uh, for at least Nintendo.
So all the stuff that they announced was casual stuff, right?
Uh, GameGuru in chat, chat.org.com does correct me and says Donkey Kong Junior Math is on
the Virtual Console, but it's not worth $5.
Correct.
It's not worth $5 considering you can get an Animal Crossing for free, there you have
it.
So, alright, um, let's get into some gaming news after we talk about some housekeeping.
Uh, this week as we announced at our own E3 press conference last week, you will get one
big show, hopefully everything on the technical end works, but you will get one big show.
There will no longer be part A and B, so the podcast feed might look a little different
because of that, but that'll be pretty cool.
And that's it.
Otherwise, continue to support us by giving us positive reviews on iTunes, we always appreciate
that.
There's been a few new ones that have popped up lately, some nice, very nice five star
reviews.
In fact, right now, if I checked correctly, we have exactly 69 reviews on iTunes right
now, which is a great number to be at.
So thank you very much.
Make some more, as nice as the 69 number is.
So don't forget that.
Also, our LiveJournal community, we are at community Orange Lounge on LiveJournal, so
look us up there.
Facebook, OL Army, on Myspace at Orange Lounge Radio, so we are your social networking BFFs
on any of those sites you want to be our buds on.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news.
This week a little different, um, because we had E3 happen this week, nothing but press
conference stuff in this, uh, half of the show.
We're going to talk about kind of the big three press conferences, and our thoughts
on it.
Since I'm assuming a lot of you have probably already heard the news, let's try to dissect
it a little bit tonight.
Loke, you want to start us off.
Okay, so of course the big last minute thing that they did for the Xbox, um, or Microsoft
conference was announcing that Final Fantasy 13 would be coming to the Xbox 360 day and
date in the US, which, you know, is a big, you know, blow to PS3's exclusive, uh, content.
In fact, if I remember correctly, I believe the three games that they wanted, uh, to break
exclusivity on was Grand Theft Auto 4, Final Fantasy 13, and Metal Gear Solid 4.
Well, two out of three ain't bad, so, um, yeah, that's a pretty big thing, I think.
Um, it is not going to be coming, it's not exclusive in, or not coming to, uh, the Xbox
360 in Japan, though.
Interesting.
But in the, um, US, it will be coming out day and date, so.
Which really kind of shows that this whole move is motivated nothing by but sales, basically
that they feel they have a better chance of penetrating the marketplace.
I think so, yeah.
Very interesting.
But I, my curiosity is how long is this, is it going to make this game be out?
I mean, like, how far do we have to wait for this game?
Because they admitted, they haven't even really started developing this game for the 360.
I mean, they've been doing it on some type of PC design, like what do they call it, Crystal
or something?
They do it on, you know, it's probably their own design platform.
Sure, I mean, I think here's the thing, it's not really going to be an issue with storage,
it's not going to be a problem, you know, getting it, obviously it's not going to be
on one disc, but that's fine.
Um, I think it's actually not going to hold them up too much because it's a lot easier
to develop for the 360 than it is for the PS3, and I know that Square Enix has a lot
more, um, experience developing for the 360 right now, rather than the PS3, so.
I don't think it's really going to hold it up any more than localizing it would.
Uh, Maysatsuma in chat asked the question that I've been actually getting asked a lot
this week because I've been pretty open on this show that I have, I had no plans to get
a PlayStation 3 until Final Fantasy 13 came out, so now this is a, you know, a question
I've been getting a lot this week, as I'm sure a lot of people like me have.
Uh, Maysatsuma says, will you have a PS, I'm sorry, will you buy a PS3 now?
You always said you'll buy a PS3 when Final Fantasy 13 comes out.
Um, not for this, now, I don't need to.
The question is, will Sony be able to land other exclusives, Kingdom, that I am interested
in, like Kingdom Hearts 3, possibly Final Fantasy 13 versus whatever else is coming
out that I haven't thought of yet.
I imagine eventually I'm going to want that Blu-ray player, just because that's where
the video place is, and, you know, I'm one of those people that, well, as long as I'm
going to get a Blu-ray player, but I see no need to run out and buy one now.
It's, in fact, if I had ran out and bought one, and a lot of people are feeling this
thing, if I had ran out and bought one for Final Fantasy 13 before, I would be hurting
right now.
I would be hurting, not only was, you know, is Sony likely to come down in price on those
systems later, and we'll hear more about that later, I'm sure, but, you know.
Well, the thing I think also, too, you have to look at is, from the publisher's standpoint,
when they put this game out, and it's not even necessarily this game, because I'm thinking
Last Remnant's going to be out way before this, I mean, when that comes out, they're
going to look at the sales of that game on both consoles, and, if it's anything like
Grand Theft Auto IV was, it's going to be a lot more on the 360 than it is on the PS3.
Now, that may not be the case, obviously it's not going to be the case in Japan, but they
have to look at each market separately, and kind of base their decisions on that, because
if they were just to base it all on, you know, the Japanese market, then we wouldn't be getting
anything on the 360.
I got two questions, first is for Jamie, because I haven't heard anything yet, and I know you
like Final Fantasy like the rest of us, what was your reaction to the news?
I really didn't care.
Right.
I have both systems.
That leads into my next question, that you and Loki own both systems, knowing that Final
Fantasy XIII, I guess you could say for all practical purposes, was being designed for
the PlayStation 3, now it's coming out for the 360, do you think you're more inclined
to get it on PlayStation 3, or what system do you think you might ultimately get this
game on?
Or have you even decided yet?
Probably PS3, because if that's what it was designed for, then that's what it was designed
for, but it doesn't mean that, you know, later on I won't pick it up dirt cheap for Xbox
360.
I mean, depends on features.
Loki?
I couldn't care less what system it was originally designed for, if it's coming out on the 360
and buying it on the 360, and that's just because I like the achievement system that
they have in place, I don't give a shit about these fucking trophies.
There are PlayStation 3 exclusive games I'm gonna be buying for the PS3, but it's pretty
much, if it's coming out on the 360 and the PS3, I will always be picking it up on the
360.
What if they come out and say, you know what, the 360 version did have to take a little
hit in quality?
I don't care.
I mean, it's gonna...
Wow.
Well, now if I were you, if I heard one iota of the 360's gonna have to sacrifice something,
I'd pick it up on PS3.
I mean, look at...
I don't give a shit about achievements, so...
Name one game out there that runs better on the PS3 than the 360.
There isn't one.
It's always the other way around.
Sony Fanboys and chat.orangethesontraday.com, please.
I hear oblivion's a little bit graphically better, but I don't know, that's...
Yeah, but we're talking, like, marginally, I mean, like, this isn't gonna be, you know,
breaking any sort of, you know, there's no discernible difference in between the two.
You have to really, I mean, look at all the games that come out now and they do that stupid
comparison between the 360 and PS3 versions.
There's, like, minimal differences, unless, you know, you're talking, you know, when the
PS3 version comes out and there's, like, lag issues, frame rate issues, freezing issues
and stuff like that.
I don't know.
It's just, it's not worth picking up on the PS3 for.
Now, not to say that, like I said, there's stuff on the PS3 I definitely want.
Resistance Fall Man 2.
Fuck yeah, I will be getting that on the PS3.
All right, a couple people, a couple comments in chat, I know Jamie wants to say something
too.
Burnout Paradise is a game that's being mentioned, and Joshi16 gives the lulz with Metal Gear
Solid 4 plays better.
Yeah, but Burnout Paradise, okay, look at Burnout Paradise.
Hold on, let's let Jamie say it, because she wants to say something, I'm gonna go.
I was just gonna say, still, all of that actually means really nothing to me, because I had
already decided to get it on, you know, I had kept it in my head open that if it came
out on Xbox 360, I don't, first of all, it's not coming out in Japan on Xbox 360.
They're not going to get the release.
So this means that I can actually interact with a larger community on the PS3 version,
first of all.
I don't care about achievements, and I really don't care about going online, so, I mean,
I would be able to find more stuff, you know, a larger community, especially for me who
loves the fan side of it, that and, you know, honestly think that the controller scheme
lends itself better to RPGs on the PlayStation than on Xbox.
But the controller scheme's almost identical, I mean, we're talking like-
I've heard the control thing before, is that the PlayStation, I would even, you know, even
though I'm kinda not getting a PS3, I would agree that the PlayStation 3's got a better
controller than the 360, but I don't mind the 360's controller.
They're both, I mean, we're talking like the analog stick being moved in place of the directional
pad, I mean, that means absolutely nothing.
I don't know, there's something about the stability.
I'm sorry, I-
And as far as the online community goes, what's that have to do with platforms?
I mean, when people are playing like Grand Theft Auto 4 or something like that, the community
is-
The other half of the fun for me is-
The games are identical in both systems.
The other half of the fun for me is actually going on international sites and seeing what
the, you know, the world reaction is.
I love looking at fan art, I love, you know, finding fan sites, I think it's fun.
But that's fine, but that's not platform specific.
You're not gonna only have PS3 fans.
That doesn't necessarily-
That'd be like, you know, saying, for example, that, you know, you have fans for Eternal
Sonata, but there's gonna be fans for the PS3 and the Xbox 360 version.
It doesn't matter, as long as you're playing it.
People are playing the game, it doesn't matter what platform choice they have, there's still
gonna be fans out there, and the community's still gonna be out there, regardless of what
system you pick it up on.
It doesn't, like, lock you into an exclusive fan club that only 360 fans can, you know,
visit people that play the 360 stuff versus PS3.
Alright, let me let the chat have the last word here.
Osfer says, isn't Versus 13 still exclusive to the PS3 in the US?
Even if it is, I'm sure that game will jump ship too.
Sales will probably be a big question as to whether that happens or not, I'd imagine.
Well, Versus 13, I don't think it's been announced for the US yet.
It's still Japanese only, and if that's the case, then yeah, it probably still is PS3.
And well, they showed the trailer at E3 a couple years ago, so I'm thinking it's gonna
be good.
Yeah, but they also showed the trailer for Star Ocean, like, two years ago too, so.
As Separoth1215 and Xenocore agree, say the D-pad on the 360 is what's horrible, and I
agree, you cannot, that D-pad on 360 is awful.
That's the problem with the controller right there, is that D-pad, because I don't like
to use the analog stick with a lot of Xbox Live arcade games, and that D-pad sucks.
Like, especially for, like, the retro games, and fighters.
That's the thing, that's what the PlayStation 3 controller, I think, is better as fighters.
But...
You know what, if they wanted to take a clue from the best controller ever made, they should
look at the Sega Saturn dual analog controller for their model.
I like the Super Nintendo controller, it was a lot less complicated, but I...
Well, the Super Nintendo controller, though, is also one of the, I think, the primary inspirations
for the PlayStation controller.
True, true.
Well, I'm sorry that you'll be handicapped when you get to the fighting game portions
of Final Fantasy 13.
Alright, shut up.
We're moving on.
Alright.
Uh, other big news out of Microsoft's press conference, that has to do with the installation
of Xbox 360 games to your hard drive.
They actually announced that now you're going to be able to actually copy the games to your
hard drive, so you can play the games directly off your hard drive.
But if you're thinking this means, haha, I can get them from Gamefly, copy them to my
hard drive and send them back, no, you still have to have the original disc to play the
game.
I'm curious how long that takes to get cracked, though.
Yeah, not long.
I'm curious because people could probably burn their own CDs and bypass it.
I'm very interested to see how they security lock this.
We'll see, we'll see.
Also, you're going to be able to access the marketplace on the web, so if you, you know,
you're not next to the 360, you're, you know, surfing the internet at work like you shouldn't
be, you can actually go on the internet and queue up downloads to automatically go to
your 360, which sounds kind of interesting.
Something pretty awesome is if they had, like, a mode, and they have this, I think, with
a PS3 a little bit, where you can access your content from, you know, any hotspot or something
like that, but what if you could, like, say, leave your 360 in, like, a standby mode and
queue something up to download on your 360 from a PC that's, you know, nowhere near it
and then actually have it downloaded while you're out, you know what I mean?
Right.
So, I guess that's kind of cool, though, if you, you know, don't like all those loading
times on Xbox 360 on certain games.
It doesn't, it doesn't sound like it's gonna really help the load times too much, it's
only gonna improve them by 30% from what I read.
Hmm.
Interesting.
But, I mean.
What games do you think will benefit most from this?
You can even do multi-disc installs, though, apparently, like, if you want to install,
like, disc 2 and 3 of Lost Odyssey on your drive, you could do that.
I don't know why you would, but you could.
Let me, it's nice that it's an option, you know, that's nice in case you want to do that
and you don't have to, but.
It would be nicer if I didn't have to have the original disc, but I, I mean, granted,
I understand why they're doing it that way, if they didn't, piracy would run rampant,
but I wish there was some other type of way it could be validated that I actually own
and bought the game, because I would love to just, you know, not have to swap discs
out all the time, like, just pop up a menu on my 360, pick the game and go.
Like the arcade games.
I love that.
It would be nice, but I, I mean, I understand why that's.
Well, they could do that, but, you know.
Maybe authenticate, authenticating with a serial number or something.
Yeah, that's what I was gonna say, like a serial key, just like they do with MMOs and
PC games.
Question mark, I don't know.
Xbox, think about that for next year's E3.
I would love to be able to do that.
It seems to me that the, the key code would probably be the best way.
But that's also a problem too, like if you look, I know this is a small market, but rental
market, you know, if you're renting it out with the manual and the key codes in there,
then.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll see.
Well, for anyone who's been looking for a sequel to Portal, there is an official one.
It's actually Portal Still Alive.
It's going to be basically the, the single player story that was in Orange Box with some
new challenges.
It's supposed to be on the Xbox Live Arcade.
Nothing about PC or PS3.
I think they already have this on the PC actually.
They released a map pack that was based off the Flash Portal game, the 2D one, and that's
what these levels are.
Those are those same levels that were available on the PC, I want to say for free, so.
But they've been, uh, la-di-daing this thing as an exclusive on the 360, right?
It is exclusive on the 360, this version of the game, like as a standalone thing, but
it really, it's just those download maps that were available on the PC for free.
You know what though I hear about this game?
There's no GLaDOS.
That kind of makes me sad, but.
That's sadness.
It is sadness.
But hopefully there will still be cake.
Maybe this time, Jamie, maybe there's pie at the end this time.
But there's no story.
It's just challenge levels.
It's like the VR missions and.
I guess, Jamie, you were, you were quite the fan of Portal and I think a lot of the reason
you liked it was the humor in it and the story, right?
Does this kind of, I don't know, to me this seems a little bit milking, but I, I enjoyed
the game in Portal 2.
I really did.
So, but I'm kind of curious, what do you think about this?
Being that there's kind of less story, more just puzzle, puzzle, puzzle.
For the people who like the puzzle, puzzle, puzzle, that's good for them.
I just want snarky commentary.
If there's no snarky commentary, then.
But you could make your own.
You know what?
I'll let Dan play it and then I'll provide the snarky commentary.
Alright.
You know what would make this game awesome?
What?
But they're, well, other than cake, is if later on for a few more Microsoft points they
could release a level editor for the, you know, arcade game and then release it where
you can share levels.
But then what would they do for the actual Portal 2?
For the actual Portal 2?
I don't know.
Well, I mean, this might be Portal 2, but you know what I'm talking about, like a Portal
actual full sequel with story editing.
Well, they can add some additional elements.
I think for the Portal PC game they had levels and stuff with alternate gravity sections
where you're actually on the ceiling and stuff like that.
Really twisty, weird stuff.
So if they add that into Portal 2, and I think Portal 2 is supposed to be kind of different
than Portal 1 altogether, you know, kind of a different environment, more like Half-Life,
then, yeah, there's a lot more to do.
Maybe the lesser face is supposed to be in Half-Life 3.
Plus there's, like, the guy that sounds like Colonel Sanders in there, so.
Oh, the G-Man?
No, no, the new guy, the new Ghost of Portal, you know, creator guy or whatever.
The one whose initials that you enter into the website to do the test that you can't
save the result of.
I guess.
SSJ100 Matt says in chat, they better give a free Carvel cake coupon with the new Portal
because they lied to us last time.
That would be funny.
That would be great.
And some folks in chat are imagining the play at home with Dark Soccer making the commentary
to Dan while he's playing.
Joshi16 says, Dark Soccer to Dan, play better!
And ActDef says, complete the puzzle or the cube dies!
No, no, no.
Half the time with Dan playing is me just trying to shut up because I figured it out
the puzzle, only I get too motion sick to do it.
So I'll be sitting there going, hmm, and he'll be like, what?
I'll be like, you should have done the portal over there, because then it'll come up over
here, and if you do it this way, then this will happen.
He's like, oh.
He has that little, what I call the Charlie Brown cloud with a little cloud of steam over
their head, like they always got new cartoons.
I have to just bite my lip and not say anything.
Ow.
Alright, anyway, moving on.
Alright, well, other news coming out of the Microsoft press conference saying, no, this
was a total shock, because this was kept under super secret wraps.
Lips, their new karaoke game was announced, and they had a lot of details on that, including
some pretty cool stuff.
Obviously, the microphones are going to be motion sensitive, and they're wireless, as
they should be.
They've got kind of like this little light thing on the bottom there, I guess that responds
to your voice, and they're really making this pretty much pick up and play, so if you want
to join in with someone singing karaoke, all you have to do is really just shake the mic.
And during the song, you can kind of tap the mic like you do in Rock Band to make a cymbal
noise and stuff like that, and I hear also other people that may be in the room and stuff
can pick up other controllers and hit the buttons on there and make music with that
as well.
So, eat that, we music.
This sounds interesting.
I'm down with Lips.
It looks a lot like SingStar to me, but I think SingStar is kind of fun.
It looks like, you know, this is Microsoft's thing.
They take other people's ideas and make them better, and well, granted, it's not Microsoft
themselves doing this as the Elite Beat Agents folks, but hey, I love Elite Beat Agents.
It looks pretty cool.
This will be a karaoke game.
There is some other cool stuff about that too.
They were saying that the music in this, you can actually hook up your, like an iPod or
any other music player, Zoom, whatever, and it will allow you to stream any songs that
you have on there, as long as they're not DRM'd.
You can use just normal mp3s and stuff like that.
The program actually performs like a vocal reduction on your own songs, and you can actually
be scored on your own songs as well.
Some other stuff that they had saying that they're not sure if they're going to allow
you to stream, like say, your library if you have a PC connected on your network.
You know, you can stream music usually.
Not sure if they're going to allow you to do that.
And also, no word if you're going to actually be able to implement your own lyrics or song
chart or something like that.
But they had some interesting ideas, I guess.
Some of the songs confirmed for it already.
They had Mercy by Duffy, Young Folk by Peter and, oh I guess, Peter, Bjorn, and Jon, and
Bust A Move by Young MC.
And I guess all the songs are master tracks and contain their original music videos.
And rap songs work a little bit different.
I guess it's not just about the rhythm in the game.
So it's kind of cool they have rap and singing and all that stuff.
I can't wait to rap.
Hopefully we can get Loki to rap and put it on YouTube somewhere.
Ahhh, no.
Alright, are you excited about Lips?
No.
Alright.
You're not a karaoke fan, right?
Not really.
Alright, well I'll buy it.
I'll admit it.
I like karaoke.
I'm just hoping that it reads on my ABBA CDs correctly.
Well, exactly.
Because if you can put in your own music, we're having ABBA night.
Well, what they should do is they should have it where you can plug in, you know, how they
have the CDDB and stuff like that where you can pop in CDs and it'll, you know, detect
what songs it is and stuff like that.
If you could do that, say, with this game as well with MP3s, and it'll detect what song
it is and automatically download the lyrics, that'd be pretty awesome.
We're going to reenact the Mamma Musical, or Mamma Mia Musical right here.
It'll be fun.
Alright.
Not on the air though.
The listeners have done nothing to deserve that.
Hey, more details coming out of Microsoft's camp, including that big dashboard update
that's been rumored.
There's going to be a huge dashboard update coming a little later this fall, and apparently
some of the cool stuff that they're going to be putting in this dashboard update is
Netflix integration.
If you're an Xbox Live Gold subscriber and a Netflix subscriber, you can now use Netflix
on your Xbox 360.
You can stream movies from your Netflix queue to your 360, which I think is kind of cool.
The thing is though, you know, only certain movies, the ones that they allow to be streamed
on the internet will do this, not in HD, sadly.
It's going to be SD only for now, but they say when Netflix is ready to do HD, Microsoft's
ready to bring HD home.
So that's kind of interesting.
The big shock and awe, avatars, oh, we didn't see anything of that coming, but yeah.
The avatars, which are kind of like the Mii ripoffs, but of course, you know, they want
to do a little bit better.
So now not only do you have these avatars, but now you have these little like rooms that
your avatars can go in.
It's not like home, but it kind of is.
It's not even really, I mean, because it's just like this big white room, kind of like
the construct.
You can still use your gamertags pictures, like if you have an Orange Laundrio gamer
pic, because we actually have one on the marketplace, I don't know if you've seen it.
It's in community gamer pics too, but if you have like your OLR gamer pic, you can still
use it, but they are going to kind of try to get people to switch over to avatars, which
yeah.
Games will now be able to give you avatar unlocks.
But that's not too much of a surprise when you consider games as it is, can give you
gamer pics.
It's just that a lot of games choose not to do it.
Now I got a question for you.
Do you feel ripped off at all, I mean, I know you can use your like themes with, I mean,
but it's like in the background, like far background in this stuff.
It's not quite as integrated as before, but do you feel ripped off for like buying say
like themes or gamer pics off of Xbox Live and now they're going to switch it all over
to avatars, because you know they're just going to fucking sell like clothing and shit
for your avatars, and that's how they're going to make even more money off that crap.
I agree, it's all Gaia.
Eh, I haven't bought any of that stuff in a while, so I'm okay.
You know, ever since the OLR gamer pic came out, I have no use for other gamer pics, and
as far as themes go, not a lot of that stuff makes me actually want to go, ooh, I want
to spend a dollar for that, because you can get custom themes off your PC.
As long as I can still do that, I'm down.
As long as I can still do that.
That's special.
Also, I want to point out real quick before we move on, another thing that was announced
is Xbox Live Prime Time, and one specific thing that was announced is a version of One
Versus 100, and this is actually something where they're going to have like a live night
where you can be a part of this game show thing using your avatars, and supposedly you're
going to be able to win real prizes, so you could be playing in your Xbox as one of the
people in The Mob in this One Versus 100 show.
That sounds fun.
That's kind of interesting.
It's a very casual gamer friendly thing, too.
I can imagine whole families getting around to play this type of game.
You know where they used to have some sort of service like that, I'm not sure if it's
still around now, where you could do that with like TV shows and you'd actually be playing
along with the live TV show?
I don't think Game Show Network does that.
Yeah.
On their website.
Well, not necessarily through that.
This actually was like its own device or something.
You know what it reminds me of?
The old Berkeley Systems games on the PC.
Like I don't know if you guys ever played Acrophobia or, God, there was the other game
with the tower in it, and I apologize if you're hearing that noise, I don't know what's causing
that.
It must be, it sounds like a cell phone noise or something.
That's a cell phone interacting with speakers.
Okay, I don't think they got that on the show, sorry.
Whoa, hello, live radio.
But yeah, it reminds me of that, like that Berkeley Systems stuff back in the day.
I used to love those games, those game shows, they're so much fun.
So I'm looking forward to seeing how this turns out on Xbox, hopefully it doesn't all
crash the first night because you know that's something that is likely to happen.
Well, in other news, more stuff for Xbox Live Arcade is a present for us from the people
who brought us Pac-Man Championship Edition, and it's called Galaga Legions.
So it's very shiny and pretty.
And it's the same sort of redesigned, you know, same type of play that, you know, starting
to stick with the style but trying to beef it up for the modern era.
So it's shiny.
That's cool.
I mean, but again, it's going to be one of those things where you start to go, why did
I buy the original Galaga when this is available now?
Well, the original Galaga came out in the 80s and you were probably five.
I know, I know, but still.
I don't know, this resembles more like Geometry Wars than Galaga.
It's definitely a lot more flashy.
It's kind of one of those things I want to get my hands on to see how it really works.
Yeah, because Pac-Man Championship Edition was only like half Pac-Man to me, you know
what I mean?
There was a whole different strategy to it than in the regular Pac-Man, even though at
first glance it looks the same.
I'm assuming Galaga will be similar, who knows?
I think it's going to follow that type of suit.
Yeah, most likely.
Cool.
Well, this week there's actually some game releases coming out, which is nice.
Not a whole lot, but you know, some okay stuff I guess.
And starting things off here on the DS, I know Rob is looking forward to this, Final
Fantasy IV making its way out.
Also on the DS this week, Azsuna 2, The Unemployed Ninja Returns, and I know a lot of people
like that one.
On DS as well, and I played a little bit of this a few weeks ago, new international track
and field for the DS.
If you really want some frantic, I guess stylus rubbing on there, that's going to be a game
for you.
Now, also on PC, a bunch of smaller titles here.
City Life 2008 edition, Baseball Mogul 2009, Uber Soldier 2, The End of Hitler, awesome
title there.
And let's see here on the DS also, Nancy Drew, Mystery of the Clue Bender Society.
On the Wii, we've got Kid Sports Crazy Golf, another shovelware title from Destineer.
The Mummy, Tomb of the Dragon Emperor on PS2, Wii, and DS.
Sadly enough, I think that's the biggest game this week.
And Order Up on the Wii, yet another Cookie Mama type game.
And finally, this I believe is on the Xbox Live Arcade and PS3, or PS Network.
We've got 1942 Joint Strike coming out on the Arcade this week.
Still sounds like a pretty busy week for releases, considering it's the week after E3, but it's
summertime too.
So I'm very excited about Final Fantasy IV.
I was looking at the website, looking at some of the trailers that have been released this
week.
You know, the game's been out in Japan for a while, but I've been surprisingly staying
away from a lot of the news that has come out about it.
And I am quite excited to check out Final Fantasy IV on the DS.
Have you seen much of it?
Not really.
God, they have voice acting in it.
And you want to know one thing I learned from the voice acting?
I always thought the main character's name was Cecil.
That's what it looks like, right, Cecil?
Cecil is apparently the name, if you listen to the voice acting.
That makes sense, because I don't think there's a C sound in Japanese.
I was just surprised a little bit, I mean, you know.
All these years, I'm thinking one thing and it turns out it's the other.
It's blowing your mind.
It's just blowing my mind, exactly.
Let's go over to Japan and check out some of the release dates that are going to be
happening over there.
In fact, the entire Asia region is getting a version of Wall-E on the Xbox 360 this week.
But over in Japan specifically, Bully Scholarship Edition finally makes its way to Japan on
July the 24th, as well as their local version of Guitar Hero 3, Legends of Rock.
It is the same song list, if you were wondering.
It is not a J-Rock song list.
If it was, I'd be importing that shit, because that would be a lot of fun, I think.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Kung Fu Panda, as well as the PlayStation 3 eye camera pack.
I guess that's some type of new eye bundle.
Also, Siren, isn't that like the remake of the first Siren on PlayStation 3 or something?
New translation.
It's the episodic game now.
So there you have it.
That's coming out on the PlayStation 3.
Wangen Midnight finally gets a price reduction.
Good, because that game blew ass.
Fucking A, I wish I hadn't bought it.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, it's a pretty busy week over there.
Kung Fu Panda, Mesaze Sori Master, Sakai ni Challenge Hen, comes out, as well as Samurai
Spirits, Rokuban Shobu, and Speed Racer the video game, as well as Wario Land Shake, all
come out on the Nintendo Wii this week.
Samurai Spirits is Samurai Shodown.
Yeah, some type of compilation package, it looks like.
That's cool.
Yeah, it's their version of Samurai Shodown Anthology.
So that's pretty cool.
Although, I'm surprised they wouldn't just do that for Virtual Console, because they're
releasing Neo Geo games on Virtual Console now, and I guess if there are people that
will buy it, they will release it.
Especially if it's got all the way up through 5 and maybe the 64 versions, even though they
were shitty.
Gotcha.
A couple price reductions on PlayStation 2, including Biohazard 4, Resident Evil, Busou
Orenken, Burnout Dominator, as well, but coming out new on the PlayStation 2 this week, their
own version of Bully's Scholarship Edition, as well as the Samurai Spirits Anthology collection
comes out in Japan this week as well.
Moving to the handhelds, the DS, you can get some new little sticky film things for your
DS.
All for the Peanuts gang, hooray, because I guess the Peanuts are actually still really
big in Japan, if I'm not mistaken.
Yes.
Speed Racer comes out on the DS as well, Twilight Syndrome, as well as SimCity DS gets
a price reduction.
Kung Fu Panda gets another release over there on the DS.
And Kirarin Revolution, Mina Di Odoro, Furi Furi Debut comes out from Konami.
I'm thinking it says Revolution in the title, so first you think it might be a music game,
but no, it's some other type of little action game that looks cutesy.
You'll know a lot else about that game, sorry.
Checking out the PSP real quick, and then we'll call it a wrap for Japanese dates this
week.
On the PSP you get Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, a price reduction, Guilty Gear
Accent Core Plus, and, too bad there isn't a plushie, Infinite Loop comes out as well.
Accent Core Plush would be funny, it's all stuffed animals fighting.
Fighting each other, that'd be awesome.
That's it for your Japanese release dates.
In the UK, just a few things, on the 22nd, Yuzuna 2, The Unemployed Ninja Returns on
DS, on the 23rd, 1942 Joint Strike on Xbox 360, the same one to be out the next day on
PlayStation 3, 25th, Buzzmaster Quiz, Race Driver Grid on DS, Romance of the Three Kingdoms
9, I'm sorry, 11, shit.
God, I remember the first one.
Super Swing Golf on Wii.
Romance of the Three Kingdoms 9 is on PC.
Wow.
Cool.
Alright.
Well, the next big conference that we had up during E3 was, of course, Nintendo, and
one announcement that they made was that they're gonna be branching out from their normal games
and bring us a sequel to Wii Sports.
Awesome.
Wii Sports Resort will be coming to the Wii, and it will be bundled with a brand new accessory
that's called the Wii Motion Plus, and what the Wii Motion Plus will do for your Wii Remote
is allow you to actually have one-one motion-sensitive capturing, so be able to detect the finite
movements of your wrist and arm and et cetera, stuff that probably should have been included
in the remote in the first place, but oh, we couldn't fit it in there before.
But since it's a Wii Sports game, everybody will buy it, so we'll be okay.
It will be coming with one of those, and all the other ones will cost you extra money.
I wanna see- no, I haven't heard what the price of those were.
Something was $29.99.
Hopefully it wasn't the Wii Motion Plus things.
I'm curious how many games in the future will require this.
Probably a lot.
And what's included so far, what they've announced in Wii Sports Resort is there's Disc Dog, which
is like a frisbee game that you play with a little dog, as seen in-
Aww, that's cute.
What was it, uh, Wii Fit?
There is a, um, a jetski racing game, which I forget if they actually call it, um, looks
kind of like, um, I guess, I don't know, a jetski racing game.
It's kinda cool.
Wave Race 64, maybe.
And finally they had sword fighting in there as well, which people-
Cool!
But they made the swords look like lightsabers, sort of, so, you know, people-
Oh my god, lightsabers!
I gotta buy this!
I gotta buy this!
Everyone the Star Wars game they wanted.
Except it's not really lightsabers, it's just, you know, poles.
Big pole nerfsabers.
Yeah, poles that look like, uh, happen to look like lightsabers.
They said that there's-
Nerfsabers sounds fun.
There may be, um, up to ten games in this pack whenever it's released.
It's not supposed to be out there until spring of next year, so, um, got some time for that.
You know what's funny though, out of all the E3 predictions out there, I would think that
a sequel to Wii Sports getting announced would be, like, a so frickin' obvious thing.
I didn't see a lot of people predict that.
Well-
It's not one of those things when they announced it, I was like, oh, of course.
Of course!
Well, here's the thing, here's my thing, is, it makes sense for them business-wise, because
you have a problem where people are picking up the Wii and all they're playing is Wii
Sports.
So, if they want to sell games to this market that's not really buying games, well, their
best bet would be to put a sequel out for Wii Sports.
I don't know, it's definitely going to be selling very well.
I don't know if they're going to convince everybody that bought, you know, the Wii Sports.
It would sell better if they get that crap out by Christmas.
Yeah, it-
I'm kind of surprised it's not.
Well, I don't know.
Um, it'll be interesting, I guess.
I'll have to check it out when it actually comes out.
Alright, another big game that Nintendo was triumphing at their press conference was Wii
Music.
Wii Music is that kind of that game you've seen a little bit in development slowly but
surely over the years.
Like, I think it started as that orchestra demo you saw at the first E3 where they showed
Wii.
And that game is special to me already.
Years ago?
Why is that?
Because that's when I met Koji Kondo.
Oh, okay.
That's- I'm glad, Lisa, there's something special for you.
I got to tell him that he was the one that inspired me to start off as a music major.
Oh, nice.
Even though I didn't change- even though I changed my major later.
That's alright.
He didn't need to know that part.
Uh, but also, you know, you see- and you saw a little bit of this, I think, at the years-
years future on.
Well, apparently, 50 instruments are going to be included in this.
You use the remote, you use the nunchuck.
You can also tap your foot on the balance board to kind of simulate a drum set.
Uh, apparently, you're going to have violin, guitar, marimba.
I'm hoping there's a sitar in this but nothing's been said about that yet.
That one is zither.
Um.
Or an autoharp.
Here's what Miyamoto has said about this game.
Wii Music is a slightly different play experience than you've seen with other music games.
Now most music games require you to press buttons with precise timing to symbols on
the screen.
So we've designed Wii Music to allow everyone, including those who can't read music, to enjoy
the experience of playing music.
Now the interesting thing about this, like, from what I've been hearing from E3 attendees,
is that this game is shit.
Which is kind of sad, in a way, because it's kind of like a good concept, but it does sound
like they took the game out of the game.
Yeah.
And now you have a noise-making device.
Well here's the thing.
That's basically what it's turned into.
Here's the thing.
Miyamoto came up on- on stage and said, who would have thought that we would have sold,
you know, millions of bathroom scales, and laughed at it.
You know?
And he laughed at it because, like, you smug asshole.
And I don't really, you know, I'm not seeing that he's laughing at, you know, the people
that are buying this stuff, but in a way, you can kind of look at it like this is absolutely
ridiculous that people are buying this shit.
Wii Music, okay, let me put it this way.
If you walk down your average toy aisle at any major retail store out there, you will
find these stupid instruments that you can literally pick up and tap a button, one single
button, and it will play a song.
You can tap it fast, you can tap it slow.
This is exactly what you'll be buying with this game.
There's absolutely no way to play the song wrong because all you're doing is tapping
buttons and pretending.
You know what's funny though?
I still think this game is going to be huge.
I think there- I think there is an audience for this game.
Yes, there is an audience.
It's the casual market that will buy these shitty Destiny-er games that come out because
they look cool and they'll drop, you know, 20 bucks on them and the games are absolute
shit.
Miyamoto is a genius because, you know, us hardcore gamers, at least, you know, I'm
looking at this going, where's the game?
Where's the game?
And they're going to sell millions.
Well, great.
You know, I'm glad that they're going to sell millions of this because, you know,
they would sell millions of a good game as well and, you know, their loyal fans who buy
all these games that come out each time are kind of disappointed.
I know, I was like, after watching the whole press conference from Nintendo, I'm like,
that was it?
That was a fucking waste of time.
I have to ask Jamie because she did say, you know, she was favorable to the orchestra thing
when she saw it, but hearing that they've kind of taken the game out and now you've
got a music simulation device, is this still interesting to you?
Yes, very much so.
I'm sorry, I was a music major, I was in band.
I would love to get other people together who are likewise musically inclined and see
what we can do.
I mean, I loved a lot of the MIDI Sims that did that.
I worry, though, that this game isn't going to have that kind of depth.
Like I would think, especially if you're going to get a bunch of music nerds together
to do it, I would think that the game would need more depth and I worry that this game
is not going to have it.
I mean, prove me wrong, Nintendo, please do, but that would be my concern.
They said that there's no way to play this wrong.
I mean, literally all you're doing is tapping a button and it plays a song.
It's just like a one button song, like you have the keyboard, so play the one button
song where you can tap the key and it will just kind of play a little MIDI thing.
We actually watched, I remember when we were watching them actually play this during the
whole thing, it was hard to watch.
They butchered the Super Mario theme on there.
It was crap.
It looked horrible.
I would not be touching this game at all.
It doesn't look fun, but you know what?
Little kids and stuff that want to play music and stuff like that, it might get them interested
in music, but it's going to be one of those things, just like Wii Fit, unfortunately,
for a lot of people where you pick it up, you buy it, and then all of a sudden, wow,
I'm not playing it anymore, and they've already got your purchase, and they've already made
their money, and now they're going to be hawking you the next piece of shit thing that they're
going to throw out there for the casual market.
You know what?
You did hit on something good, though, is that if it gets more kids interested in music,
then it's a good thing, because I was a band geek in school.
I would think that they would add in some sort of difficulty or control level, you know,
add a little bit more freedom in what you're allowed to express with it.
That was what my thought was.
If there's a didgeridoo in the game, I'm sold, though.
I take back everything I said to play the didgeridoo.
Well, let's just, when we see a little bit more, and maybe we're lucky, and they'll be
showing this off at PAX, and we'll actually get to play it, but my expectations of this
game weren't that high to begin with, because it seems like they keep forcing this stuff
down our throats.
They were showing this off before the Wii ever came out.
They showed this off last year at E3, when Miyamoto came on stage.
Everyone's anticipating this game coming out, and every time I saw it, I was just like,
I don't really give a crap about this.
This looks stupid.
And sure enough, they come out on stage during the press conference now, and yeah, it was
stupid.
Thank you for totally fulfilling my expectations on this piece of product.
The other thing about having the one-button control is, if I'm right, you are the conductor
also, right?
I think they have a conductor mini-game in there.
As a conductor, though, if I can understand having the one-button melody part playing
as being conductor, because it is the conductor's job to signal when the next part comes in
by following along with the music.
So, you know, by reading the score, you have to signal to make sure that, first of all,
even though the band is supposed to be keeping up with what's going on, they're supposed
to know what you're doing, you still have to signal them, you still control volume,
you know, keep the time.
They're going to follow you.
I would expect that that would make sense for a controller mode.
I just worry it's not going to have that kind of depth.
I think it's just going to be, hey, kid, waggle the thing in the air, you're a conductor,
wee!
I think they should have difficulty settings to allow for a broader market to play it.
But there's nothing, there's no on-screen cues, there's nothing.
It's literally, there's a little drum beat going along and you decide whether you want
to tap your thing with the song or whatever.
What they should have done, and this could have opened it up for the entire market instead
of just, see, that's the problem.
They can't just develop for everybody, they just want to either develop for the casual
market or the hardcore market.
They can't see past developing something that would appeal to both.
And what they should have done is added something like Mario Paint where you could orchestrate
your own music, you know, make it where you can have four different tracks or eight different
tracks that you can record on using different instruments, and you can play different notes
depending on how you had it angled and that kind of stuff, and do it that way.
And then if you don't, if you're not interested in that, that's too complex for you.
You can sit there and tap your finger to the music or whatever.
Well, we need to move on, but I will still close with this.
I don't care if the game is a piece of flaming poo, if it gets five-year-olds saying, hey,
I want to play a real marimba someday or I want to play a real, you know, saxophone,
French horn, whatever, then it's a good thing.
So we'll see.
I like that you said saxophone and French horn together because they have very complementary
tones.
I pulled instruments out of my ass that I remember from marching band.
You know what game, though, I think they should make that would be a good music game?
What's that?
You know what a theremin is?
No.
It uses analog wave signals to play music, like it's got one that goes out vertically
and one that goes up horizontally, and you use your hands in between the waves.
Oh, okay, I've seen that, yes.
You control the music that you play.
One of them is your volume and the other one is your pitch, and you can wiggle your fingers
a certain way and it'll do staccato or, you know, do it slowly.
It'll be more flowing, but they should do a game that mimics a theremin.
Wouldn't that be cool?
I got to get some comments from chat because, you know, they're commenting on it.
GS68 says, I want Wii cowbell.
They have the cowbell in there.
I'm serious.
I'm getting it.
It has a cowbell.
Peeger Junior 92, or PK, I'm sorry, I always get the two names, PK Junior 92 says, Rob,
how would you play a didgerid thing with a Wii, because he can't spell it, a didgerid
do with a Wiimote?
I don't know.
How are you going to play all this other shit with a Wiimote?
They'll make it work.
It's Nintendo.
They create miracles every day.
Frisbee says, but those kids aren't going to do that, Rob.
I bet you're wrong.
They say more people are taking guitar lessons because of Guitar Hero, trying to learn how
to play the real thing.
I know what you're thinking, Debbie Downer, but I bet you're going to be wrong.
I hope you're wrong.
Not to be all pessimistic or anything, but seriously, if you're really excited about
Wii Music and you haven't watched the conference yet, I urge you to at least watch that portion
of the Nintendo Press Conference, because you will be disappointed.
I mean, it literally, it's just like, ouch.
Alright, let's, new game, new Nintendo game, please.
Stuff.
The game called, um, Nintendo Does Shit is coming out, and no, I'm kidding.
And Nintendo Does Shit all over your wallet, it's amazing.
No, it prints money.
This is, though, the happy news, I think, of E3 for a lot of Nintendo fans, is Animal
Crossing City Folk, which will be, um, I mean, basically it's the same sort of graphical
style that we know way back in the Nintendo 64 era of Doublesu no Mori, you know, because
that was the first version that came out, was on Nintendo 64.
In other words, they added widescreen and that's it.
Pretty much.
But, um, the neat thing about this one is that you can use your Wii message board, um,
to send messages to your friends, and you can put on masks that look like you're me.
That'd be cool.
Um, especially if whoever gets goats say me.
There is also a microphone option that's called Wii Speak, so you can talk to other players
around the world, and it's just pretty cool.
I don't know what to think about this.
I'm excited.
I'm gonna buy it.
I'm getting it.
Granted, I'm getting it.
I have to be able to send nasty messages to villagers everywhere.
I hope it's one of the things where it works a little better in theory, because the problem
with Animal Crossing DS, the problem with that is that there's no island.
Well, not just that.
You had to coordinate with people in order to be able to visit their village, which granted
was a step up from the GameCube one where they had to actually be at your house.
But I think that's kind of why the DS one lost its charm, is they really didn't add
that much from the GameCube one, and you kind of had to do all this coordination.
I am hoping in this one that it uses that Wii Connect 24 for a good thing where I can
go to people's villages in the middle of the night and steal their fruit.
Plus, I'm hearing they took the whole, like, you know how there was like a game in it?
Is it the game, in a sense, is to pay back Tom Nook for your house, right?
I'm hearing they took that out, that there is no game now in Animal Crossing.
It's just do stuff.
No, no, no, they can't take that out, but I'm thinking since it says city folk, maybe
it's going to be a much broader place.
I hope.
Well, they say that you now can travel to a city, like a New York City style place where
you can get your hair done and there's all this other stuff.
So you live in the suburbs?
I guess.
You live in a, you know, well, it's all by train, right?
So you live in a train's away town and you can go to the big city and get all this other
stuff.
That is sort of very Japanese, isn't it?
In a way.
It's also kind of lame, though, I mean, and I hate to put the pessimistic spin on everything,
but here's what they basically did with the city portion.
The city portion, remember how there was little events that would happen at specific times
during the week where you would have, I forget the bitch's name, they'd come and try to sell
you the expensive...
Sahara?
Yeah, Sahara, that she would sell you the expensive clothing.
They had the guy
Oh, she sold the carpets.
The carpets, okay, they had the other people that sell the expensive clothing, they had
the people that would sell the rare like furniture and stuff like that.
Well, guess what, now you don't have to worry about going to your town specific days, you
just go to the city and it's all there.
I mean, what's the point?
I mean, the whole point is you go back to your town and actually be able to play it
and stuff.
I think you're still going to have events that are specific to your town.
There has to be, they're just going to expand on it.
There's gotta be new things.
What I think is they're going to, this is my vision, this is what I would do, is that
they would take those features that you may not, you know, that we've all gotten used
to, that we know on this day X person's going to be there, give them their boutiques in
the city, but have special festivals, have a carnival maybe, something that happens in
your town, that have very limited objects that you can maybe get like once a month or
something.
You know, and it's, this wouldn't be a big surprise for me, but I honestly don't think
there's going to be, there will be hardly any innovation from the GameCube version,
let alone the DS version with this version.
They're literally pumping out the same fucking game on every system so far.
I did get the impression this game's kind of already in the can, that this game's just
waiting to be released already.
And you know, it's not a bad, I mean the game's good, it's fun, and you'll play it for a while,
and then you'll get bored of it like all the other ones, but it's like they're not even
trying.
It's like, okay, we put out the same game again, people will buy it, let's release it.
I would like to see more things that you have to accomplish with other people.
I think that would be great, like you have to do, like in order to get super rare things,
you have to work with somebody else, I mean, because it would give this whole WeSpeak thing
a use, because right now this thing is screaming gimmick.
Maybe you have a job.
Like besides just working for Tom Nook?
Yeah, maybe like you can be a baker.
There's so much more they could do with this.
Look at Broken Blast Works, okay, you can make custom ships in that game.
You can make custom levels, custom everything.
Why can't you make like custom furniture?
Have like a very basic building thing where you can like make simple geometric shapes
and put patterns on them.
I mean, why can't you do that?
Gotta read comments from chat.
Game Guru says a carnival was confirmed for City Folk.
So that's kind of cool.
Frisbee says there better be a freak show in the carnival.
That would be awesome.
I want to have the bearded lady move to my village.
I want more than four characters in my village, which would be nice.
I also want like say when you're not playing your characters that they walk around and
do stuff, which would be also cool.
I also want to be able to put the Mii masks on the other villagers that are in there in
case I don't like their ugly face.
Joshi16 says Animal Crossing is the new Harvest Moon.
I don't know.
If you have some comments you want to have read on air, chat.orangesontrader.com when
we chat live on these Sunday nights at 6 o'clock pacific time at allgames.com.
Well, something that the only thing during the Nintendo press conference that had me
excited that this conference actually might turn around was the brief announcement that
Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars was coming to the DS.
And that is exactly all we know about it, other than it will take place during Liberty
City and yeah, it's being worked on.
No word other than that what exactly this is, but I'm excited because it's Grand Theft
Auto.
And then immediately the conference turned around and went back to shit again.
Did they show any screens or anything from this game?
Nope, they just showed the logo and that was it.
If I were to guess, I'd say it's either, I think it's going to be like a top down game
just like the original Grand Theft Auto game, but it's going to be more massive.
I mean, if they do 3D, they might be able to pull it off.
I mean, they've pulled it off on the PSP, but I thought the PSP is a lot more powerful
than the DS.
We'll see.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, moving from Nintendo to Sony.
Sony had the last press conference of E3 this year and they announced some changes coming
to the PlayStation Network.
The video delivery service is finally hitting the PlayStation Network and the cool thing
about it though versus the Xbox 360 is that you can actually get your movies on a PlayStation
3 and then move it over to the PSP.
You can actually play the thing on both devices at the same time if you want.
So it's kind of interesting that if you buy it on one place, you can get the portable
version as well.
That's kind of cool and a feature that the other, since Microsoft doesn't have the handheld
marketplace so well and Nintendo doesn't have an internet service they could do this with,
that's kind of neat.
The rumored prices right now, $2.99 for a standard definition rental, $6 for a high
definition download, $14.99 if you want to actually purchase the movie, no idea yet about
high definition pricing.
Apparently the store went up right after the conference and you can get such movies as
Rambo, Cloverfield, The Bank Job, all right there.
That's cool.
They needed that.
But here's a tip.
Don't get Cloverfield on HD.
There's no point.
They don't sell the movies in HD yet.
Oh, okay.
Not yet.
But soon.
Soon is the all encompassing word for us, isn't it?
Well, and then something else regarding the Wii and what Nintendo's got released is the
Wii Speak microphone, which they brought up the Wii Speak with Animal Crossing, but it's
called a community microphone and it's supposed to sit on top of your infrared bar on top
of the TV and bring up basically everything in the room from what I understand.
Hooray.
So now everybody in my house can hear the obscenities people are shouting at me on the
internet.
Well, it's like a conference phone type of thing.
We'll see.
We'll see.
It's an interesting departure from the traditional headset thing.
I'll give them that.
I do like that though.
But I don't know.
I hate wearing headsets.
It's not the device that I'm worried about.
It's the implementation of it.
That's the thing.
If that makes sense.
At least it's not a camera.
I'll give you that.
I'll give you that.
I don't want a camera on my Wii.
Well also though, some other interesting news was that, especially regarding Sony, is that
they have released information saying that there will be a $399 80 gig PS3 available
in September, and labeled as the 80 gigabyte core pack.
That actually sounds kind of neat, but it's definitely the price drop from the $499 bundle
that currently has the 80 gigabyte system.
But it's not really a price drop because what they're doing is getting-
It doesn't have Metal Gear.
Well, it doesn't have Metal Gear.
And they also basically are getting rid of the 40 gig system.
Kind of think of it like the PSP, because the PSP, they have the core systems, and then
they have these entertainment bundles that they put out a fucking ton of.
And the PS3 is getting the same thing.
You're going to have the $399 core system, the 80 gig, which by the way does not play
any PlayStation 2 games at all.
It has the same backwards compatibility as the 40 gig system.
That's what I was about to say, actually.
Sorry.
You jumped in on what I was saying.
But hey, 40 gig system with a larger hard drive, so that's awesome.
I guess, though, having the 80 gig, if you're going to announce this movie thing, I mean,
I guess that's what you're going to need the space for, right?
If you're going to download all these movies, then they want you to have the bigger hard
drive, right?
So in the end, they win, right?
It makes it a lot more simplified, because if they just leave it at the 80 gig system,
you can just do, okay, the PS3 system is $399.
If you want this bundle, it's $499.
But it kind of devalues the bundle a bit, I don't know.
But something you may want to purchase for your 80 gig PS3 core system will be God of
War 3, which unsurprisingly was announced at Sony's press conference, and they showed
off a little full motion video teaser trailer, and yeah, it's God of War.
Was there any actual gameplay footage?
Not one, but it's all CGI, and it's expected sometime after this holiday season, which
could be any time.
Maybe this spring at the earliest, maybe never at the latest.
Alright, well, not only did Sony- Actually, I would probably go with the latest,
because they always seem to delay their releases of stuff.
Well, not only did Sony announce the obvious, which I would say is God of War 3, but they
announced something a little bit unexpected, I think.
It has to do with what's a new type of game they're calling a MAG, a Massive Action Game.
You know how an MMO is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game?
Well, this was supposed to be like that, but with an action game.
Apparently 256 players- Are there that many people playing online with the PS3 right now?
Probably.
The 256 players can actually all play this game at once.
It's just apparently this giant free-for-all type game.
You can get live statistics actually as you're playing.
It does look like a war kind of game, and seeing as it is being developed by the folks
who make SOCOM, it does make sense.
It's eight-player squads, is what you're in.
It's kind of interesting.
Kind of interesting.
It's kind of an expansion, I guess, on the 64-player multiplayer for Resistance 2, where
you're in squads on that as well.
I guess, though, it does kind of- You know, I said a long time ago on this show, and I'm
sure other people have too, you know, we have these massively multiplayer role-playing games.
Where's our massively multiplayer other types of games?
And here you go.
Well, they had Huxley that was supposed to be coming out at some point, but still hasn't.
But I don't know.
I mean, see, that's good, though, that they announced something like that, because that's
something that Microsoft doesn't have.
That's something that can differentiate themselves.
But I don't know.
And home is still coming, and it supposedly looks a little bit better, from what I saw
at the press conference thing.
All right.
Well, Loki's going to sum up some other E3 highlights for us, but first, I just kind
of want to go around and get everybody's highlights and lowlights from the press conferences.
Best announcement you heard, and worst announcement you heard, Loki?
The worst announcement I heard was the entire lineup from Nintendo.
Seriously, that press conference was hard to watch.
When I was done watching it, it was like, I want my 90 minutes back.
Absolutely horrible.
The best announcement?
I don't really know.
I mean, I was kind of excited about the...
There will be something that will be mentioned in the last minute stories that I think is
the most exciting announcement of everything.
Nothing really excited me.
Nothing really...
I'm very indifferent towards all of it, just because it was all stuff I expected anyway.
The least exciting thing for me is that little motion extra device thing on the Wii, because
it's just now another piece of crap I'm going to have to buy, because other games are going
to have to implement this, because it probably should have been in there in the first place.
Most exciting thing?
It's hard to say.
As excited as I am about Final Fantasy 13 and the whole fact that I've saved money on
a PlayStation 3 with that, I think I'm going to have to get a PS3 eventually.
So I would actually say I think the live prime time thing is one of the most...
Because it really was kind of a surprise.
A genuine surprise, and something that sounds pretty exciting and different, and reminds
me of the whole Berkeley systems days.
So I'm going to say that's the most exciting thing I heard in those press conferences.
Loki, any other things from the big three we might have missed?
Okay.
Starting off here, there was some Xbox Live Arcade announcements.
Quite a few of them, actually.
Some surprising stuff, too.
They were of course showing off Banjo-Kazooie 3 Nuts and Bolts, while another announcement
that they made along with that is that the original Banjo-Kazooie will be coming to Xbox
Live Arcade later this year.
Which is surprising, because that was an Nintendo 64 game.
There was also something else that they showed off that was kind of cheesy and stupid, but
you're in the movies, which is an Xbox game that uses the vision camera, and will be bundled
with the vision camera when they sell it.
It is a game that they have you doing stupid little mini games in there, and based on the
movements that you do in those mini games, it will make a B movie for you, starring yourself
and your friends.
And you can actually edit your own stuff together if you want.
It sounds like a pretty fun party game, but very cheesy.
Now as I alluded to before in the highlights, this is actually my favorite announcement.
Castle Crashers, Galaga Legions, Braid, Bionic Commander Rearmed, Geometry Wars 2, all gonna
be out on Xbox Live Arcade within the next 4-6 weeks.
That's fucking awesome.
Other things, Halo Wars, supposed to be out the first half of 2009, looked kind of cool.
There was some other stuff, let's see here, actually I want to say that August 6 is when
Geometry Wars 2 is going to be coming out, so that's pretty cool.
Not really part of the press conference, but Apogee came back, remember them?
They used to do shareware games.
Yes, they were awesome.
But isn't that pronounced Apogee?
I think it is Apogee.
Jill of the Jungle, like what?
Well, they're bringing Duke Nukem to the handhelds, which made me ask, where the fuck's
Duke Nukem Forever, bastards?
But that was interesting.
They showed off a Resistance Fall Man PSP game, that's due out Spring of 2009, it's
gonna be kind of like the Killzone PSP game, so that's kind of interesting.
And this is gonna make you very happy, Rob, actually, there's, well, not really, there's
rumors that, you know, that MotionPlus controller add-on that they're gonna have, yeah, eventually
it's gonna be integrated into the Wii remote, so.
Shock.
So yeah, all that money wasted for stuff that should have been there in the first place.
Ha!
I just glanced at Justin.tv, I forgot about this one, did you see the Sony game Fat Princess?
Farmboy44 in the Justin.tv chat says that, that game looks hilarious.
That does look funny.
And then I wanna say that, I'm trying to think what else that was really cool coming out
of there.
I don't know, some of the gameplay stuff that they were showing off, like Resident Evil
5 looked kind of neat with the co-op and stuff that they announced that you can do there.
And I don't know, the Playstation home stuff looked alright.
The one cool thing that really impressed me though about the Playstation conference was
that they showed off, actually part of their presentation was done in LittleBigPlanet.
And it was really cool.
That was cool, I saw a little bit of that, that's neat.
See, that's how you make their conferences interesting, okay?
That game has me absolutely excited, can't wait to play that, October for that one at
least.
And I wanna say that was pretty much it.
There was really, you know, no big game announcements as far as like DS stuff I think.
I mean everyone was expecting like, I think they announced a new Pokemon Rangers game
which is just whoopee doo.
No Pokemon Platinum announcement, even though we know that's coming.
But once again, Nintendo said that this E3 conference was not about the core gamer, it
was about casual gamers, which, okay, I guess we'll just have to wait until you announce
all the cool stuff.
You know, get the crap out of the way, I guess.
Alright, well we have plenty more to announce about E3 a little later in the show from the
other companies that weren't just the big three.
We'll be getting into more of that in part B tonight as well as some other non-E3 news
that happened this week if you can believe it.
But before we take our break and get to part B, it just would not be an episode of Orange
Lounge Radio.
If we didn't take a minute to pay some respect to our elders in gaming and Dark Soccer, having
gone to California Extreme, I'm sure must have been inspired from hundreds of games
this week.
I actually didn't see this one there though.
Wow.
I was a little disappointed.
Huh, alright, so we have something completely, I guess, outside of the realm of what you
saw, just something you were hoping and thinking about this week, so it must be pretty darn
good.
Let's take a look.
It's the Classic Game of the Week.
What should the kids be playing this week?
The game of the week is Kix, which is one of my all-time, all-time favorite games ever,
which became also the model for later some like, Galaxian gaming.
Hell yeah!
Woo!
But you hear the sounds, this is what you got when you played.
It was this little vector series of lines that would move across an empty rectangular
space and you were a dot.
It's like Attack of the Windows screen savers.
And what you had to do is box in to gain a super majority of the screen, so you also
had these little spark things though that would travel on your lines that you would
form a box in the Kix and it would, if it hit you, it would destroy you also if the
Kix hit the line that you were drawing, it would also destroy you and you did have a
timer too.
So your whole, the whole point of the game was to claim a certain percentage of the screen.
I've actually managed to get the 95 percentile closure on the screen before just by making
a trap box.
It requires some pretty good strategy to do well.
But there's also a fuse that will burn out part of the line.
It actually will, if it makes it from one way, from one side to the other, then you'll
actually lose your life.
But that's if you stop moving, if you start moving again the fuse will stop where it is.
Also as the game got, as you progress through the game, you would actually get two Kix on
the screen, which you could actually easily pass the level if you could bisect the screen
so that one was on either side.
It really is a lot harder than it sounds, it's a very difficult game past the first
couple of stages, but it's one of my all time favorites, it really is.
It's pretty awesome.
Have you ever played Super Kix?
No, I have not.
They have it available on MAME, that's the only way I've played it, it's a little more
graphics in it, but kind of fun.
The versions of Kix that I have is the Atari 5200 version and the Nintendo version of Kix.
And it's really so simple, and very frustrating, and I'm like, I'm going to beat these stupid
lines into a circle.
Yeah, I remember in Super Kix you could get letters that you would actually unveil if
you siphoned off certain parts of the screen, which is kind of interesting.
But in the way that this, though, has been incorporated into, like, Gals Panic is uncovering
certain portions of the screen instead of covering them with your blocks.
And you get to see some boobies if you uncover the right part of the screen, like in Ms.
World 96 Nude, which you know is an OLR favorite.
Yes.
Alright.
No, but the old school Kix is pretty awesome, so, alright.
So, one other thing, the versions that are out, by the way, is Atari 5200, Commodore
64, DOS, Amiga, which is graphically enhanced, Apple IIGS, Game Boy, I actually do have the
Game Boy version now that I'm thinking about it, NES and Atari Lynx.
There was a port for the Game Boy Color that was called Kix Adventure.
And then, I don't know if you're saying that it's on GameTab right now.
And you can also find it emulated on multiple systems and get Taito Legends 2 and Taito
Legends Power Up on PSP.
Act Def says Kix for Xbox Live Arcade.
Dude, yes.
But you were mentioning Super Kix.
And those Kix 2 tournament in 1982 and Super Kix that you were talking about, and there's
Twin Kix that was a prototype as of 1995 that never came out.
However, there is a main release that you can play, and then there was Volfield, but
it was Ultimate Kix Neo on PlayStation.
So there's also, of course, cell phone versions.
And as I was saying before, Gals Panic was also based off of Kix.
It's almost a dead clone of it, except for boobs.
Capcoma Night in Busyland, which was on SNES, Jezzball Sonics, Eric's Stix, Ultimate Kix.
There's actually a mini game version in Bully.
And Stix Reloaded, which was a freeware version, were all knockoffs of Kix.
So plenty of ways to get your Kix on.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, that's going to do it for this Part A of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to take a quick break, but we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And if you're listening on the podcast, that means just let it keep playing, because we're
going to take a quick commercial break, and we'll be, actually, we're calling them not
commercial breaks, because they're just not paid stuff.
I want to say with that, too, well, I'll explain it at the beginning of Part B. We're accepting
your contributions for this.
So what's the antonym of commercial?
I'm not sure.
Anti-commercial?
Public service announcement?
Anti-commercial?
Non-commercial?
They're non-commercial breaks.
Yes.
They're indie commercial breaks.
I don't know.
Well, commercial means pretty much something for money, right?
They're free breaks.
Free breaks.
Yes.
We're going to take a free break.
There we go.
We're going to take a free break.
Just to explain really quickly, it's probably the only time I'm going to mention that.
For those of you on the podcast, you will only hear our original stuff and the promos
on the free break.
For those of you that are listening live tonight, you're going to hear a song or two as well,
because we actually need to take a stretch break, get some water and all that good stuff,
so you get a little bit longer when you're listening live.
But we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
This is your buddy Rob Roberts here from Orange Lounge Radio with an important message.
Every year, thousands of yellow wizards are about to die from a horrible outbreak, food
shooting.
Shooting food causes the loss of life in many red warriors and green elves across the planet.
Health needs food badly, so please, think twice before shooting food this holiday season.
The blue Valkyrie is about to die, and if you shoot the damn food and vaporize the bag
that looks like flour or oatmeal or some shit, it's all your fault.
Remember, don't shoot food.
From the makers of Sky's Voice the Game, Cosplayers vs. Furries and Orange Lounge Revolution comes
Orange Lounge Revolution Second Mix.
That's right.
The highly anticipated sequel to the community created hit using the DDR simulation program
Step Media is back and with a whole new list of ass-piping, anal-fisting, ocean-pissing
new songs danced in.
You'll play all new theme choruses and brand new songs inspired and sung by all your favorite
Orange Lounge Radio hosts like Rob Roberts, Dark Sakura.
Please note there are no real songs sung by Dark Sakura because it would lead to the entire
Orange Lounge Revolution team being physically castrated, dying in a bow fire on an ocean
of piss while being incinerated by an underwater volcano, sorry.
You'll also hear songs from Travis Donovan, John D.M.N.
and a ton of licensed music inspired by the show that the RIAA and North Steel UT don't
want you to hear.
So come and reserve your copy of Orange Lounge Revolution Second Mix.
When you do, you'll be automatically signed up for the online beta of whattheyplayed.com.
It's hot, it's new, oh snap, it's taking pictures of two guys kissing a disembodied head while
on top of a couple having sex shouting fuck, but I pooped from there, ha ha there you go.
And it's only from the Nintendo Wave.
So come on down to your local participating Liberty City Game Store, split a work or breach,
bring your ferret, and reserve your copy of Orange Lounge Revolution Second Mix.
If you do, Lucky might dress up as Tana, not a guarantee.
Orange Lounge Radio, the video game podcast where every gamer has a voice because the
army was using Halo on a sniper base to do one thing, to get the snipers prepared psychologically
to be willing to kill as snipers, well except that asshole.
And now back to Orange Lounge Radio, there's a direct causal link between interactive gameplay
of violent games and real world increased aggression and violence in adolescents and
teenagers.
Someone get the hook, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely July 20th, 2008.
Jamie has a very perplexed look on her face, it looks like she swallowed a fly, I'm twitching,
I hope she won't die, um, you'll have to swallow a spider to catch the fly, wow, bringing us
back to grade school, I don't know why I swallowed a fly, we're bringing it back to grade school
here on Orange Lounge Radio, we're so old school, we're preschool, hey if you want your
promo or your funny PSA play, because that was all in house stuff tonight, including
the Grand Theft Auto 4 entry from a few months ago by the 100A SSJ 100 Matt, if you have
some other stuff that you would like to contribute, including hey if you have a podcast, we have
people calling in to our program to hoard their own podcast, if you have a website,
as long as it is not for profit and you're a hobbyist, by all means, send us your promo,
there's more information available on Orange Lounge Radio.com, just get in touch with me,
we'll play it on a future show.
If it's funny, we'll definitely play it, but if it's not funny, we'll put it in line.
Alright, for now though, we're back to it, here on episode number 288, if I haven't lost
count of Orange Lounge Radio, whew, haha Rob can count, I can, I'm a winner, alright, more
news from E3 that didn't necessarily directly have to do with the press conference, Loki
start us off, um, there was an announcement, I don't know why they decided to cut this
because it's, I don't know, it seems kind of no-brainer to me that I would announce
this during an E3 press conference, but there was a new Halo game that they were going to
be announcing, but meh, we didn't have time, that was literally the excuse, we didn't have
time, um, could put out a, you know, written press release about it, um, I did know that,
like, I want to say the, a Walmart, they had a listing in their database for a game called
Halo Blue, whatever the hell that's supposed to be, so, is that like Pepsi Blue?
I hope not, because Pepsi Blue looked like Windex and probably tasted like Windex, it
kind of did taste like Windex, actually, did you ever have Pepsi Blue?
No, because it looked like Windex, well, this is, this is, you know, my thought, Red Bull
looks like pee, so I don't drink that, Pepsi Blue looked like Windex, so I wouldn't drink
that.
What if a new drink, drink came out that looked like paint, would you smell it?
No.
Okay, just curious.
I didn't sniff paint.
I think they should do a new Halo game based off of Red versus Blue, which would be fucking
awesome.
There you go, alright, so, no, in all seriousness, you know, okay, so a Halo, a Halo announcement
gets pulled for time, uh, wow, what the heck, I mean, did they maybe just not have enough
to go off of, maybe this game is just way too early in development?
Are they sitting on it for PAX?
Are they waiting for the giant orgasm that will fill the Seattle Convention Center when
that's announced?
Do I smell Omega-Thon?
Well, I might be a little early for that, I don't know about that, uh, I don't know.
Dude, we get to watch Omega-Thon this year, that's gonna be kind of rad, we'll have to
see.
We'll have to sign up for Omega-Thon if we can.
You can't, it's randomly chosen out of people that pre-register.
Damn it, alright, that's right.
And I, I think if we did get in as press, yeah, we probably wouldn't get to do that,
but if we don't get in as press, then that's disappointing.
Alright.
Cause even they have denied us.
Well, look, anyhow, so maybe this Halo game is just being waited on till later, but when
later is, who knows, maybe they'll just sit on it till next year when there's actually
more game to show.
Because even if they did announce it, I'm sure it's not a game coming out till 2010.
We'll see.
And the game we had no idea was coming out here at Orange Laundry Radio, this completely
took me by surprise at E3, was Dead Rising for the Wii.
I don't know about you guys, but I was just, like, floored by this announcement.
What?
Cause I've never heard of this before.
Dead Rising for the Wii?
I know.
That's just insane.
Alright.
That's such a unique idea to me, I've never thought of Dead Rising on the Wii.
Well here's the thing, is that, you know, in all seriousness, even though, you know,
it has been announced as coming out for the Wii, apparently they're, I don't wanna say
they're dumbing it down a little bit, but they kinda are.
Basically, the real-time missions are gonna be gone, now you're gonna have sub-missions
that you beat in the game, and then you'll do a major plotline quest.
So now the game has become a little more linear.
But some people actually think that might be a good thing, because some people thought
the 360, the way it was done there, was a little bit frustrating.
The camera apparently has now been changed, and now it's a behind and above type view,
more like what they had in Resident Evil 4.
So now it's kinda like one of those over-the-shoulder things.
And the photo mode is now gone, so you can't take, you know, the pictures, like you did
in the 360 one.
But it was kinda...
I won't miss it.
It was a little silly, anyway.
I mean, it was fun for a minute.
As long as you can still run over zombies with a lawnmower, I'm happy.
That's really all you need, I mean, to make Dead Rising.
And please, God, save... or, save the save system.
No, fix the save system.
Please.
Alright, well, Dead Rising Wii coming out soon.
And by soon he means January.
Well, you know, and I remember Bobby actually mentioning this on his show earlier, but there's
some higher-ups that hate E3.
Hate it, hate it, hate it, the way it is.
I like to consider myself one of those higher-ups, but apparently I'm the only one that does
that.
Well, it was actually stated by the EA big guy, okay, now I'm gonna totally butcher his
last name.
His first name is John.
His...
Riccitello?
I think?
Whatever.
Anyway, he says, he's quoted as saying, I hate E3 like this, and that they want to go
back to the old E3 or do their own private events.
And the Ubisoft director, well, the Ubisoft boss said, yeah, it was terrible.
In fact, to quote him, he said, E3 this year was terrible.
The world used to come to E3, now it's like Pipefitter's show in the basement.
I think that the EA guy would be complaining, seeing as, well, EA was one of the four major
companies that approached, you know, the ESA and said, we want you to change E3 because
we don't like it the way it is.
They're never satisfied.
They don't know what they want.
They're like a little kid.
Well, there was, it actually was the Ubisoft, someone from Ubisoft named Alain Corr was
also, you know, saying that he didn't really care for it all that either, too.
But one of the things that I think should be pointed out is that while they, yeah, they
were the ones that wanted it, I think they didn't expect it to turn out the way that
it did.
That I think that it was such a drastic departure that they are just now beginning to see, you
know, to them what would be a detriment.
One thing that I think was pointed out by Corey is that he's kind of saying it's one
milestone in the communication of your products throughout the year and it's important because
it's the ramp on for Christmas, but he had said that in mid-July that wouldn't be something
appropriate.
Now, what I'm thinking is that if they wanted their big event, they should do something
closer to the end of the year.
You know, have E3 be your meetings and everything and then do E3 to the sequel in November or
something.
Which is what E4 All was supposed to be.
But people didn't see that way.
It should still be the same E3, I think.
The same format as before.
EA still kind of strikes me as the Goldilocks of the game industry right now.
This convention is too big.
This convention is too small.
They're looking for a convention that's just right.
But you know, I don't know.
All that aside, I just think publishers, in part, the people that were going to E3 are
partially to blame for why E3 went in the crapper.
I mean, the year Paris Hilton showed up at E3, that was the year I was like, something
ain't right.
I just can't believe the people who actually wanted to go see her.
So blame yourself.
I mean, honestly, blame yourselves for ruining E3.
I think if they're going to bring E3 back on a big spectacle, which it seems like maybe
EA is going to start bullying them to do it, have some freaking responsibility with what
you decide to show at these shows.
I don't care if Paris Hilton has a cell phone game coming out.
Keep it the fuck out of my show.
I think that what they should do if they're going to have the celebrity events like that,
they put them in the, what was the other hall that the little games had to hang out in?
Cancha.
Yeah, they need to hang out there.
I don't have a problem with them bringing celebrities or even non-celebrities like Paris
Hilton because you know what, that's up to the game publishers how they want to promote
their game and stuff and if they want to do that, fine.
You don't have to go see it, it's whatever.
I do think though that they have to figure out what the hell they're trying to actually
accomplish with E3 because the whole thing before was, it's getting crazy because there's
too many people here and we can't get business done.
Well, now that it's more intimate, are you getting business done?
Obviously you're not satisfied the way it is, then what exactly are you trying to accomplish?
I think once they figure that out, you know, maybe, I don't know, let's not take such extremes.
Maybe we just keep it the way it used to be but I don't know, make it slightly more restrictive
on who gets in.
I don't know, it's just, what they need to do is just find a happy medium.
Alright, well, let's move on.
So other EA related news is that EA formed a partnership now with id Software and of
course that also means that their brand new first person shooter title, Rage, is going
to be published by EA, so that's kind of neat.
Some other, I wonder if that also includes Doom 4 which got teased, I don't think they
actually announced anything for that, hmm, interesting.
But yet another big company, or big developer I guess to get under their EA belt, hopefully
do something with it.
Slowly, this big collective is being built even more and more.
You will be assimilated into the big EA.
One thing that's not getting assimilated to EA though, because this is a Konami thing,
this is Gradius Rebirth, this is kind of interesting, it's almost as if Mega Man 9 was just the
beginning because now apparently there's this new Gradius game that's going to be coming
out for the Wii on WiiWare, I mean no news yet if it's going to come out for Xbox and
PlayStation Network as well like Mega Man 9 is supposed to be, but apparently Gradius
Rebirth is going to be coming out on the Japanese Wii systems around this summer, probably next
month or so, but it's apparently what this game is, if it's a remake of Gradius 1 or
if it's a new Gradius game, that quite is not known just yet.
The old school Gradius though is already available on the Virtual Console, so I would think this
is some type of new adventure maybe based on the old Gradius, but you know this is kind
of one of those series that people said they were kind of sad when it died, like there
was the one, there was what, Gradius 5 on the PlayStation 2 and then it kind of disappeared,
so this is kind of neat.
Jamie, I know you're a big Gradius fan, is this something you're excited about?
Anything Gradius we get.
And it even has the Moai heads in it, which is pretty rad.
You can't have Gradius without Moai heads.
Absolutely, so that's going to be pretty cool.
Coming out in Japan this summer and I'm imagining America soon enough.
In other news, I guess sort of related to the Wii, this is actually supposed to go with
my previous story about the status of E3, but Miyamoto is quoted as saying that E3 is
no longer where they're going to be showing off games for the core audience, and we did
mention this earlier in the show, but he said that, he's quoted as saying that for a very
long time E3 was an event where I guess the developers catered specifically to the core
gamer, so they're actually using it as something to bounce off the mass public, the casual
gamer, their new market that they're trying to get ahold of.
But he said that E3 isn't the right place to point out their classics like Zelda or
their major titles that have been their staple, that the people really, that their fans actually
care about.
I don't know about you guys, but hearing this makes me a little bit angsty because it makes
me think of the way E3 used to be, which was actually pretty cool, like the year before
Paris Hilton showed up.
And when I get angsty, we cue some nasty music and say some nasty things in a segment we
call the F.U. of the Week.
F.U. to the woman who nearly ran into my car on Friday.
I was coming out of the parking lot to turn right onto the road so that I could go back
to work, and this woman turns directly into my car trying to pull into the entrance side
of this little entrance leading back onto the road, and lo and behold, the bitch was
on her phone.
And Julie and I rolled down the windows and said, hang up your goddamn phone.
And she looked confused.
And I was like, bitch, if both of your hands had been on the wheel, you could have controlled
the wheel enough to turn it in all the way.
It was very clear she was trying to turn the wheel with her hand and her elbow.
Like, bitch, your phone conversation is not worth, you know, risking my life over.
Hang up your goddamn phone.
The end.
Anyways, F.U. to stupid people at movie theaters who get there either at the time of the showing
or five minutes prior to it and expect to find a good seat, especially when people have
sat down and have maybe one seat next to them and they want you to move over.
You know what?
I didn't get to the movie 50 minutes early, you know, just to have some idiot come right
on time and tell me the move because you don't want to sit up front.
It's a little tough.
You know what?
If I got to a movie right as it's starting, then I expect to sit in the front and you
should too.
So fuck you inconsiderate bitches.
And she was a fat cow too.
She was playing with her cell phone during the movie.
What is it with cell phones this week?
My cell, F.U. to my cell phone because I can't get opera mini to work on it anymore.
So F that.
But my real F.U. is to having to make difficult decisions.
Well, I have two difficult decisions to make in my life right now.
One is that my doctor is like not sure if I should have a surgery or not and leaving
it up to me.
Like, I'm like, OK, so I get to decide if I have surgery or not.
That's kind of neat, I guess.
So I decide I'm going to go get a second opinion because I can't make decisions by myself.
But the other one is that I've decided I kind of have too many hobbies going on right now.
So I've made a difficult decision that I'm going to be cutting one of them out.
It's not this one.
Don't worry.
And it's always difficult because that kind of thing usually never gets taken well by
the other people you might be involved with something with.
And it's going to be difficult.
And I haven't said anything yet.
So I don't know what I'm going to do.
But you know, I think people just kind of have to understand, look, I have priorities
and sadly, you're the lowest priority now.
So that's what I what's a general way to break that news?
You think that's the best way to do it?
I got to do what I got to do.
So it's not Warcraft either.
Sorry.
Oh, I was going to say.
No, it's not Warcraft.
No, no, no.
All right.
It doesn't matter.
It's not the guessing game.
It's something.
It's something big that I'm going to hate to get away from.
But I have to do it for me.
I'll tell you later.
I don't know.
I couldn't read your lips.
All right.
All right.
So that's it for the FUs of the Week.
Other people are quitting WoW.
I'm not.
I still love WoW.
WoW's great.
But I don't play it every day anymore.
I play it once in a while.
Apparently somebody out there was actually listening to me, or at least thought the same
thing when I saw the movie Wanted.
They are bringing a Wanted game out to the market.
Universal and Grin are working on a Wanted game.
And it will allow you to do all the fun stuff like curbing bullets and going into assassin
time as they call it.
Only sad thing though is it's coming out on Playstation 3 and the Xbox 360.
I was really hoping for a Wii Wanted game because I really think that would be cool.
Especially with the new Motion Plus.
Now you can attach that to the bottom of your Nyko Perfect Shot and curve the bullets that
way.
But whatever.
This will be cool though.
Worth checking out.
Hopefully it will be out around the time when the DVD comes out which is holiday maybe.
But if we're just seeing it now and it hasn't been developed for a while, it could be crap.
It scares me.
Alright, well one thing I get to look forward to in World of Warcraft since I didn't leave
it is that I'll be getting my own achievements in Warcraft soon.
That's right.
You know what?
If Microsoft has put out this achievement thing it's a pretty good thing.
Other people are going to start stealing things from Microsoft and Blizzard is one of them.
And it's kind of a neat idea.
They're going to be doing this achievement system and in the game apparently there's
going to be PVP achievements, PvE achievements, achievements for exploring the world, achievements
for crafting, achievements for questing and developing your character, I mean all these
different things.
But what I like is that some of the achievements are silly.
There's an achievement that you can unlock for giving 10 hugs to other players.
So if you're just a hug slut you get an achievement for that which is kind of funny I think.
Apparently there are really, really, really difficult achievements as well called feats
of strength.
So interesting.
I'm assuming this is all going to be able to be tracked on Blizzard's website and the
armory and all that fun stuff too but my question is what about all the stuff I've already done?
Is WoW going to be capable of knowing that I've done all this stuff on my current level
70?
Because that's going to suck if I have to start with a whole new character.
Well that's how they're doing the PlayStation trophies is even if you've done this crap
it's not going to be able to know based on your save game you have to go back and actually
do it again.
Right, right.
You know other websites have, was I going to say Newgrounds kind of does something similar
with their flash games.
Actually all the flash games have kind of trophies built into it and stuff.
So that's kind of neat that they do that too and you know I think WoW doing it, it's a
great idea especially if they do it right and hopefully some of these other publishers
out there that are making Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 games take note of this and actually do
the achievements correct instead of just beat level one, beat level two.
Make them fun, make them different.
Alrighty, very cool.
Well something else that's fairly cool and this actually has to do with Silent Hill Homecoming.
They were actually showing that there will be our good buddy with the Red Pyramid hanging
out in part of Silent Hill Homecoming and that it's going to have a PC version.
So that's pretty cool.
Just like I guess the ones before it except for the very first one.
But that's pretty cool information.
I mean he would have to be, because I mean my whole problem with having Pyramid Head
in the movie even as cool as it was, was that he was supposed to be like a part of the main
character psychosis and I doubt that she has anything about the lady in the movie had anything
about sadomasochism so I don't know.
But maybe this guy does, the main protagonist of Silent Hill Homecoming, Alex Shepard.
I was actually going to ask you about that.
Are you going to forgive it for kind of maybe bending the lore in Silent Hill to give the
fanservice of having Red Pyramid, Pyramid Head, whatever in the game?
We did have some reoccurring critters, you know, certain same types of things.
Like the nurses.
The nurses.
Yeah, the nurses.
But I mean I think that maybe it's just that if they're going to do it this way then I
think that maybe that's just how the town manifests that certain feeling or something,
that certain part of someone's psyche.
As long as he rapes things.
We got Pyramid Head, for those who don't know, he goes around having his way with the female
creatures of the town of Silent Hill, including the double-sided mannequins and the nurses,
and then he goes around stabbing random women who keep regenerating.
I need to watch the Silent Hill movie again.
God, it was great.
Come over to my house, we'll watch it.
Seriously, I want to watch it on Blu-ray.
I bet it's pretty.
I need to get it.
You don't have it on Blu-ray.
No, I want it.
And my husband's a butthole.
He did it on Blu-ray, maybe he still has it.
Didn't we watch it on Blu-ray once?
I mean, I love my husband very much, he's not always a butthole.
We did it at your apartment, your old apartment.
I don't think we watched the whole thing.
Yeah.
You can bring it over.
But I've got, like, the humongoly TV.
We need Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Night.
Okay.
Maybe that should be a holiday.
I hear the rabbit-
An official holiday on Orange Mounds Radio.
I hear the Creepy-
Was it the Creepy Rabbits from number two, I think, or back at school?
We have to also have nurses, we have to have nurses.
And I want the screaming things.
I would ask the chat room, what day should Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day be?
Not Halloween, that's too obvious, some other day.
What day should Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day be?
So we'll see.
Tuesday.
September 12th.
Why is that?
I don't know.
The day after your birthday?
Well, you could do it, how would the release date of Silent Hill Homecoming-
Oh, there you go.
Or the day before.
What was the day that Silent Hill 2 came out?
I don't know, I'll have to look that up.
That should be Pyramid Head-
I will look that up and we will dub that Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day.
I will look that up right now while we get into another story.
Awesome.
Well, this is kind of weird and it may not actually be a confirmation at all, but apparently
there is some people that performed some sort of social engineering prank that had 2K games
support believing that there is a hacked version of Grand Theft Auto IV's PC version, at least
a demo of it, on a pirate site.
And apparently there was some back and forth going on with the tech support to which they
replied with, the PC version of Grand Theft Auto IV has not even been announced for release
and is still in development, so it's not about to be released on a website.
People are reading into that thinking, well it's still in development, well that kind
of confirms that it's actually coming out.
But the whole thing is does really their tech support know anything about games in development?
I don't know.
Maybe.
I mean, I would think it would be kind of dumb if they didn't put out a PC version.
And I know the last few PlayStation 2 games have been on PC, so why not?
So maybe it's coming, just might take some time.
Alright, and I'm sure that makes a lot of people very happy, especially because PC means
easily hackable.
Exactly.
It means mod crazy.
Mod crazy.
Alright, here we go.
Here's the answer to the question.
We did the research.
The Silent Hill 2 was released in North America.
Believe it or not, North America got it first.
Japan got it three days later.
September 24th, 2001.
Too bad it's not the 23rd.
You know, it's funny.
September 24th, I think, is very close, if not the exact release date of Homecoming.
Interesting.
Well, there you have it.
So I guess that's it.
So do we officially...
No, September 24th is a Wednesday this year, so it might be like September 23rd, or that
might be the day you actually can get it in a store.
If it's the 23rd, then we have the number of consequence.
24th can be a release date.
Games mostly come out on Wednesdays.
Alright, fair enough.
It's like a street date.
I mean, they have a ship date, but you know.
Whatever.
I think we...
But we have the official word.
September 24th is Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day.
Official.
Done.
Done deal.
Get the wax.
Let's get the seal, the OLR seal.
That's in our new universe of Orange Loungia.
Alright.
So...
I like that, Orange Loungia.
How should people celebrate Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day?
You can't tell them to rape things, because unfortunately, rape is not funny.
You can just have them put on a big cardboard pyramid on their head, and walk around with
like, since it's really hard to find a great knife like that, walk around with a plastic
knife.
Walk around the neighborhood and threaten the cats.
In your neighborhood.
You have to have a plastic knife.
You have to have a plastic knife.
And take pictures.
Bake Pyramid Head cakes.
Yes!
Bake Pyramid Head cakes.
Pyramid Head cupcakes, and pass them out to the neighbors, and they have to be red velvet.
Alright.
So we want pictures of you celebrating Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day.
And the best...
This year.
The best cupcake wins.
Something.
Wins eaten by the hosts.
You know what would be awesome?
What?
If we had a lot of money.
I mean, a lot, a lot of money.
What?
We'd love to have the cakes to build you a sculpture of Pyramid Head as a cake.
Great.
I have a friend that makes wedding cakes.
I'll have to see.
That wouldn't be too bad.
Sharan in chat says, can I wear my pyramid shaped tin foil hat instead?
You certainly can.
But we want pictures.
Celebrate in whatever way possible.
I like that.
Pyramid shaped cupcakes.
You could do that.
I mean, just kind of take a cupcake and kind of either...
Tin foil.
You know.
You can make your own mold.
But no, seriously, contest.
Dun dun dun.
And the rules are...
Just a ways out.
The rules are whatever we decide they are at the time.
One of them is a costume contest for your best, not necessarily cosplay, but just your
best celebration of Pyramid Head.
And the second one is how pretty your cupcakes are.
I don't know if they'll have...
I don't know if Pyramid...
Send us pictures.
Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day is that PC.
I mean...
Who cares?
I think some people, maybe rape victims might be offended by that.
You know?
Yeah.
I know.
We might be offending some people.
Okay.
It's just Red Pyramid Day.
Or Pyramid Head Appreciation Day would be fine.
It's funny.
Rape of people is not funny.
No.
Rape of monsters...
Is.
Funny.
Because monsters are bad.
And when bad people...
Bob.
What?
I'm just not gonna keep going.
Let go of the shovel.
I'm gonna...
Yeah.
I'm digging myself a hole.
Okay.
How about...
What?
Pyramid Head Day.
I still like Pyramid Head Rape Appreciation Day.
But only when you rape monsters.
How about the Rape Appreciation Event?
You know what they should do?
We should have a rape carnival.
That'd be cool.
Is the mold your own custom, like... or... I can see the hate mail coming from a mile
away.
We should mold our, like, custom, like, gummy candy, like, molds and make, like, gummy red
pyramid heads.
We need your ideas of how to...
We're gonna make pyramid cakes.
We need your ideas of how to turn this into a politically correct event.
There's no way, Rob.
All right.
Um, Shaoran says, uh, I'm offended some of my best friends are monsters, you asshole.
And no, Joshi16, there will not be a rape-a-thon this part of the day.
This is horrible.
No, no, no.
No, it's gonna be...
It's gonna be Pyramid Head Appreciation Day.
All right.
Yeah, we'll figure something out.
Okay.
Anyhow, in a completely different topic, I'm sure there'll be a lot of appreciation for
this as well.
It has been announced that BioWare and LucasArts, they are building the MMO for Knights of the
Old Republic.
Now, this is different from the existing Star Wars MMO, but there is that new Knights of
the Old Republic MMO that's gonna be going on.
It's pretty cool, and you can see this whole thing that's post, I guess it's on portfolio.com,
and it has been confirmed.
This is Knights of the Round, I'm sorry, Knights of the Round Republic.
That would be awesome.
Knights of the Round, the old Capcom game.
Knights of the Old Republic is online.
It's Knights of the Old Old Republic.
Shut up.
I cannot think of KOTOR without thinking of my friend who tested it and what they called
it in office.
What's that?
Scrotor.
Nice.
Very nice.
So, there you have it.
That game will be coming probably in a couple years.
It's probably still a little ways out, but I'm sure there's lots of people that are waiting
to ditch WoW for that.
It'll be good times.
Alright.
Anyhow, we're gonna get into another segment here on Orange Launch Radio that's good times,
because it's the chance for us to hear from the listeners.
It's the mailbag segment.
Every week we invite your emails at mailbagorangelaunchradio.com, and let's read some of those emails right
now.
Emails!
We have some.
The end.
Wait, can I jump in here?
Because there's a great idea from us if we're in chat.
Well.
Pyramid Hat Appreciation Day.
The day that people across the world wear pyramid hats and rip skin off their fried
chicken.
So it's ripping skin off chicks?
Yeah, but it's chicken.
So that way it's politically correct.
Well, I think we're- I think ossifers set a good, like, starting point.
I think there's a good idea in there somewhere.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Mail.
Yeah.
Um.
From Robwith2bees.
A dear two guys, a girl, and an Olive Garden, home of the never-ending salad and breadsticks.
Is it me, or is the news from E3 much more boring this year?
One of the things that was, um, new, we moats shouldn't add on that more accurately judges
the controller's aspect.
Can this more or less throw out to your old plastic thingies?
Um, it won't fit onto the zapper, so maybe you won't need it for older games, but there
will have to be a new zapper.
Are two zappers truly better than one?
No.
Or you can buy the Nyko Perfect Shot and then slap it into the pass-through in the bottom.
Not that both games will probably be using the thing at the same time.
Or you could just save yourself the money and not buy a zapper because they're shit.
I actually don't agree that E3 was necessarily disappointing.
I think especially at my-
I think boring was the word.
I think at Microsoft's camp, I think they did just fine.
I mean, you knew that nobody was going to be announcing a new system this year, and
I think the only thing that made Microsoft's press conference a little bit, um, we knew
that was coming was because of the leak that had already happened.
I think if you hadn't known about the avatars in advance, uh, I think it would have been
a pretty big deal to see that new dashboard for the first time.
Um.
And even still, we didn't know that the new dashboard was coming, we just knew that avatars
are coming.
And the other thing, too, is I like the format of the new E3, um, you know, with all the
press conferences because it's very much like gamer's days, and I think it's a lot easier
to digest the information, unless of course you're, you know, doing Capcom's press conference
where all they did was talk about the fucking, you know, Lost Planet movie, but, you know,
no information out of that.
Um.
But I like the old show, no, show floor of the original E3, so if we can kind of do both,
that'd be awesome.
We'll see.
Well, you notice that when we went to press events, um, our last year of going, they were
sort of off in those little rooms, where they had the little trailer area set up inside
the, uh, the show floor.
I loved it, though, when we got to go to Bethesda's thing, that was great.
I loved Bethesda's area, and they were so nice.
It was just because it was just chill.
And I really actually liked, um, Play and See.
Yeah.
I really liked it.
Everybody that let us in, I think, I just, yeah, I just distinctly remember Bethesda
because they had a lot of stuff I was kind of interested in at the time.
Um, but.
Call of Cthulhu.
Where's that?
It just, I think any company, you know, even at the old E3, you know, kind of getting off
the main floor into those little back rooms and stuff was, was kind of neat.
Call of Cthulhu came out in 2005 on the Xbox.
I completely missed it.
Well, I don't think anyone missed it.
I remember being so excited, and then I never heard anything about it, so.
Well, to make it up, there is a new Call of, or a new Cthulhu movie coming out that stars
Tori Spelling.
Unfortunately not as Cthulhu, but, you know.
And she has a small part.
Oh, okay, so she's just a cameo.
Maybe she dies really well.
Anyway.
Maybe she's a Cthulhu, I don't know.
Cthulhu.
Anyway, Uber email, really long, and this comes from GS191.
And it's really long.
Read the first two paragraphs or something.
Um, well, it's really long.
Um, hello there, it's been a while since I've written anything to you all.
Nevertheless, I am still an avid listener of the show, even though I haven't been able
to be in the chat room in quite a while.
You can blame my World of Warcraft guild and them pushing me to level my Gnome Mage to
70 so they can get another crowd controller in the group.
Go figure.
Anyway, after sitting through all the big three E3 press conferences, piss conferences,
I do have some choice words about all of them.
By the way, I have to give many grats to G4 for showing all of the E3 press conferences
for the big three with no commercials.
I must say, it was quite nice to see them on a 50 inch plasma TV, but standard definition
for the lose.
To be honest, it would be better just to stream them.
I heard that they cut away for the Final Fantasy 13 announcement to show the audience, instead
of, you know, viewing the wonderful trailer for Final Fantasy 13.
They actually had to, because there was a little thing that came up on the screen, I
don't know if you saw it, it got leaked out somewhere, there was a little thing on the
screen that said, please do not videotape the following trailer.
So I think they had to.
You may not...
Yep, there is video footage of it.
That was, well that was Square's thing, not G4's probably.
Well, just in general, from what I'm seeing about the Microsoft one, is that, I guess
he seems pretty happy about Fallout 3, Fable 2, Gears of War 2, Resident Evil 5, saying
that they did a good job showing it and being excited about Final Fantasy 13.
I'm actually going to post this email also in our forum, so I'll put a link to it in
the chatroom later on.
But it's a fairly lengthy email, but I think it makes some very, very good points.
And of course, Sony's having their demo of Resistance 2 and LittleBigPlanet demo and
that type of stuff.
So I'm going to be actually posting this in its entirety on the forum, so, in a minute.
Awesome.
It is really long.
Hey, Ossofer's building on the idea, you want to hear the, now this could be for the Pyramid
Head Carnival, okay?
Opening events for the Pyramid Head Appreciation Day, Spin the Pyramid, Silent Hillopoly, Sorry,
You Got Raped, and Twisted Pyramid, Twister but in more compromised positions.
I do, though, have to read the closure to his letter.
What's that?
It's from MichaelGS191, this email is brought to you by the never-ending disappointment
that is Nintendo, where's my fucking Star Fox remake for the Wii?
Or F-Zero, get in line.
Well, continuing on, shall I?
You shall.
Another email adventures.
This is actually from Sauce.
Hey guys, gals, and ferrets.
Wait, wait, wait, where's the ferret?
The question, where's the ferret?
You had the ferret earlier, you were- The ferret was snuggling in my boobs.
I see.
Is that how you lost it?
No, I was actually sitting on it.
I come bearing another video game review to add to the OLR collection, this time the game
of choice's God of War, Chains of Olympus.
I'm including a link to the review for the chat room's reading pleasure, which I will
link in the chat room momentarily.
The short version of the review is that Chains of Olympus is a fun, non-stop, action-packed
game worth playing for any God of War fan, or any fan of hack and slash violence.
It has excellent graphics and sound, and is definitely worth the play.
Anyone interested in keeping up with my video game reviews or articles about comics and
movies, as are the three industries, are very much tied into one another, can follow me
on Twitter, under Marin Marvel, for updates.
Keep up the good job, OLR, maybe someday Skye and I will rock the boat and you'll see the
reviews on the OLR website, winky face.
Someday.
Sincerely, Marin.
I'm gonna link it in the chat room in just a sec.
Yes, I need to read it still.
I'm kind of curious.
I'm curious to hear what she thinks of it, because I don't know if she's a huge God of
War fan, so I'm kind of curious what she thinks of the PSP one.
So we'll see.
The chat room has now been officially linked.
Dun dun dun.
So last email.
Which came very last minute.
Also, Rob2b sent me other emails, but I'm going to save those for being related to last
minute story stuff.
They're pretty cool things.
Hey, OLR.
I got the orange box for PS3 a couple of days ago.
I can't believe I waited so long for such a great game.
Even though I haven't played the original Half-Life, the story is still pretty easy
to follow.
Excuse me.
And it's kind of fun to guess what happened before, plus it looks amazing.
Portal also made me smile at the sly remarks, but I have to say, playing the Flash game
first makes the first bunch of levels much easier.
If anyone hasn't picked it up yet, do so immediately.
Preferably not now, but maybe tomorrow during AGI, since you won't miss the whole show.
Miss a whole lot in the 20 minutes it takes to get it.
I'm listening to this show right now, and I hope that- let me start over- I hope I can
get Skype to work this time.
Anyway, I look forward to the show.
Thanks for reading this email.
If you don't read this email, then I guess there's no point in me thanking you, so if
you don't, no thanks.
Sincerely, pkgr92.
This email is sponsored by everything and everyone else not yet mentioned, so now if
you sign your emails, you'll be pirating my right to beat that.
Alrighty then.
It's dot com.
Is that it?
Yes.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Email us some stuff.
Try to not make it so epic though, because then we'd have- you know, we don't have time
to read it on air, so we have to post it in the forums.
Not that that's a bad thing, but you know, keep it concise.
We like concise emails.
Moving on with some gaming news, right Logie?
Yes.
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe.
There's been some more details unveiled about the game, including that it will have 20 plus
characters and download content as well.
Of course, they didn't really say too much else other than they were going to be kind
of splitting up the roster with, you know, DC and Mortal Kombat characters.
There's also fatalities or brutalities, I guess, for the villains that are going to
be in it.
So if you're playing as DC villains, you can kill people, but the DC heroes will not be
able to kill people.
They'll just only maim.
I think.
No.
It depends which Batman we're getting.
Adam West's Batman never really killed anyone.
Wonder Woman killed someone.
With their bare hands.
Actually, I do believe that Adam West should be in this game.
That would sell it for me, but.
Oh well.
Adam West's Batman should totally be in this game.
Either way, I can expect this game in November.
Cool.
Well, Harmonix has given us a few details, this E3, about the Rock Band 1 compatibility
in Rock Band 2.
Of course, Rock Band 2 is a game that caught a lot of people's attention at E3 this year,
and it's already kind of sneaking out there.
They showed the game at some side parties that were held and things, which sounds kind
of cool.
And one of the rumors out there was that you were going to be able to have all your Rock
Band 1 tracks in Rock Band 2, and it turns out, true statement.
Apparently what happens is that you're not going to be able to transfer all the songs,
because apparently there's some licensing things going on.
They basically have to re-license every song in Rock Band 1 for Rock Band 2.
They are saying, though, it's only supposed to be a couple songs that don't come over.
And some people are thinking perhaps the Aerosmith song can't come over because of the whole
fact that Guitar Hero owns their soul now.
But hopefully only a couple songs miss the boat.
Apparently though, you are going to have to pay a small fee, maybe like a $5 fee, to transfer
the songs over.
But I still think it's kind of neat, because man, if you add 60 songs from Rock Band 1
or however many they end up having, and then your download tracks and the Rock Band 2,
that's a lot of freaking songs.
Seriously, a lot of freaking songs.
So there you have it.
Rock Band 2 songs and Rock Band 1 songs together in one roof.
Amazing.
That's how they should be doing it.
Well, in other news, there is a date out for Play TV, something that's going to record
your TV shows while you're gaming.
It's coming out in Europe from September to December, the first release date being the
10th of September for the UK.
It's a DVR that adds on to the PlayStation 3, so you can use it while you're playing
something that you just happen to really be into to record whatever show that happens
to be coming on while you're busy killing people in your game.
Kudos for them for making an add-on for the PS3, but isn't that just a VCR?
I mean...
It's TiVo.
But you can still record, I mean, if you're playing a video game, you can still record
stuff on your TV, you just have it record off of a different channel.
It's just like, remember how with the old VCR, you could watch one show while you're
recording another?
I don't know.
It's just...
Well, hey.
It's TiVo.
If it fills your need, I guess, you know.
We've also got release dates for Australia and New Zealand around February or January.
So...
Okay.
Anyways...
We're having fun network issues in-house again.
Fun fun!
Live listeners are noticing that Justin TV went down again, and I think we're just gonna
pull the plug on that for the night.
Bye-bye.
Sorry, but we don't know how else to fix our network issues, and usually JTV is the first
thing that has to go.
Sorry.
Because really, do you really want to watch people just talking?
I know.
I guess people like Justin TV because there's not as much lag, and that they can hear the
things that go on during the break time, and that...
I guess the sound's better, but I don't believe that.
The sound's crystal clear on all games, so I don't get that.
Well, my network just came back up, so...
Yeah.
So, just kill Justin TV for the night.
Sorry, guys.
Alrighty.
Now it's fun naked time, so, haha, you missed out, Justin TV.
Anyways, I'm taking my pants off right now.
First, going wild!
So Guitar Hero On Tour, surprise, is getting a sequel called On Tour Decades.
And I guess the first game sold just over a third of a million, with 350,000 units sold
in three weeks, and the sequel, no word on exactly when it's coming out.
There is rumors, though, that there might be some form of microphone functionality,
maybe karaoke.
I don't know.
No word, though, when it's coming out, so...
Big surprise, a DS sequel, or a sequel for a Guitar Hero game.
I mean, hey, they wouldn't want to leave, you know, the DS out with 50 billion releases
each year.
Who knew?
Never.
Alright, well, one more story for you guys, and then we're gonna open up the Skype line
for you guys, a 1877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, and, look, we
saved the best E3 announcement for last.
Here's the thing.
A new game was announced by Ubisoft at E3, and the game, Jamie, you're gonna be very
excited about this game.
You know what, all those network woes, you're not even gonna think about that because you're
gonna be so excited about this game.
It's called Baby's Party.
It's basically Imagine Baby's the party game.
It's coming out this autumn, and apparently you actually use the balance board in the
game.
You actually play this at a babysitting academy, and there's 30 minigames in the game.
It's head-to-head, co-op mode, both games, or both methods are available, and it's based
on the typical day of a baby.
I don't...
What?
Eat, sleep, poop, cry?
I know, I can't think of 30 things that a baby actually does in a day, but there you
have it.
What was the old...
Baby fart?
Can they blow up?
No, the babies can't even really fart by themselves, like the burping...
They can burp, they just need help.
What was the game they used to have at Milpitas Golf Land, with the big buttons that was like
the babies racing?
Oh, they had that at the game, the convention too.
It was...
The hell was that?
Bye Bye Baby...
No.
Bye Bye Baby something?
Yeah, it was some like baby racing game.
Come on baby, says AJ Mixx.
Come on baby, yeah.
Here you go.
That game was awesome.
If you want to give us a call and talk about how you can't wait for Imagine Baby's the
party game, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, I just like
the reaffirmation we got from our chat room with Josie16 saying, they sure can poop, as
if we didn't know.
Thanks for the clarification, appreciate that.
AnimeSatsuma in chat says, I can't wait for the breastfeeding minigame.
Me neither.
Anyhow, we've got a caller on Skype, hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, this is Gia68.
Hi Gia68, how are you?
Alright.
Hey, you got to go to California Extreme and you met Jamie live and in person, right?
Yep.
Now, I've asked you this because I've always wondered this myself, what's Jamie like in
real life off the air?
Last time, I kind of didn't recognize her at first, because last time I saw her was
at Fanta Mae and she had, I think, magenta-ish hair, I don't remember.
Yeah, my hair was black in front and red in back, but this time my hair was all black.
Also Jamie, when you're speaking in person, you sound a little younger than you do right
now on the air.
Okay.
Okay.
I think the radio makes our voices base-ier.
Yeah.
It just, yeah.
Well, didn't Travis say I used to sound like a hyperactive 13-year-old?
Yes, but then you went through puberty.
That was many years ago.
You just dab-robbed with a face.
Microphones.
Alright, look, in all seriousness, how was, how was California Extreme?
It was pretty cool.
Alright then, what games did you enjoy playing, like, were there some classic games you'd
not really paid respect to before that caught your eyes?
Let's see, there were a bunch of, most of the games I played were games that I already
played or, and I was familiar with, or I hadn't played in a while, like, the old Star Wars
arcade game or Tron, at least the games I hadn't really played before, like, Tailgunner
and Looping.
Dude, they had the old Star Wars game there.
That game was awesome.
I got it for sale on top of it, the sit-down cabinet.
They had like three of those machines there.
I could fit a Star Wars cabinet in here, how much they want for it?
I want to say, what, was it 500?
Wow, was it in decent shape?
Fairly, I didn't play it, I played Cinestar though.
Oh my god, I want to sit down Cinestar.
Dude, I want an arcade machine in my garage, wouldn't that be awesome?
Rob!
What?
Build a maim.
But I want like a, I want a real one.
It's real!
You can touch it!
Alright, alright.
We'll see, we'll see.
If you set it on fire, it'll burn.
We'll see.
I don't think my roommate would like that idea very much.
I know my wife didn't.
Yeah, except I'm not married to the roommate, it's more of a business arrangement, it's
a little different.
Anyhow, I'm sorry.
I like to think of my marriage that way too.
Originally, that's all marriage was, was a business agreement.
Look, GS68, is there anything, we're getting on tangents, is there anything else you want
to add about your wonderful weekend?
Um, yeah, I, mostly I was playing The Grid, which is like this third-person shooter.
I know The Grid, The Grid is awesome!
Yeah, and Rush 2049, which was that racing game of horror that before Wonka and Maxie.
Did they ever bring The Grid out on home consoles?
I think it's on regular Playstation, isn't it?
No, I don't think it is.
Wow, that's kind of weird.
Interesting.
Alright, well, GS68, any quick final thoughts for our listeners before we take another call?
Nintendo did not address resource space at E3.
Epic fucking fail.
Agreed.
I'm very disappointed they didn't address it.
I hold out hope that maybe since folks at Nintendo feel that this is not where they're
going to be addressing the hardcore gamers anymore, my hopes are at PAX, our questions
will be answered because I can't think of what other show is for the hardcore gamers
except maybe Tokyo Game Show.
Thank you for stealing my words, Tokyo Game Show would be the other one.
Yeah, they don't display at Tokyo Game Show though, normally Nintendo's not there.
Yeah, but they do something concurrent.
They do their Nintendo World crap.
Yeah, they do that thing concurrently.
It's pretty much the same thing.
On all our endgame fads, I haven't my sake estimated since I'm not removing it until
Nintendo addresses resource space.
I think it's very unfortunate they didn't.
I mean, that little speaker system is kind of whatever, just roll out a freaking patch
that supports the SD cards.
Do it overnight while we're sleeping, you know?
Just do it.
Yeah, whatever happens.
I mean, PS2 did it, the original Xbox did it, why can't a console that's one generation
ahead?
Oh, but it's the new generation, not the next generation.
But you have to understand, they announced stuff that's been out on other systems forever
and act like it's the new, newest thing ever.
Like, oh my god, it's voice chat over the internet, and woo, this has never been done
a billion times before.
Oh, but wait, it's different.
It's a community voice chat because it's a giant, you know, microphone thing instead
of headsets because we couldn't figure out how to do headsets, so we made a big USB microphone,
surprise.
You know, I wish I could use my own USB microphone on that because, to be honest, I don't know.
I don't want to have to, I don't want to buy anything.
Alright, just to see, we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls.
Have a good one, buddy.
See ya.
This is Golden7GameOLR, username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to give us a call, we are standing by.
Operators are standing by.
I don't think we're going to do too many calls tonight because thanks to all of our frickin'
network issues we've been having, among other things, it's kind of put us a little behind
on time, so I think we're going to get out of here a decent hour tonight, so we'll see
what happens.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Gold Banjo.
Hey, Gold Banjo, what's on your mind, buddy?
I'm really pissed that they didn't have the F-Zero Wii and Star Fox Wii.
Amen to F-Zero.
Yeah, Star Fox Wii I'm okay with.
Star Fox seems to be the game that comes out really late in the, uh, because I just remember
that Star Fox GameCube thing, that adventures or whatever the hell that thing was, that
didn't come out until-
I never got around to that.
That, well, you didn't miss much.
It didn't come out until really late in the GameCube cycle.
Star Fox will be the thing that we get a couple years down the road, but F-Zero, man, maybe
it's just because Mario Kart is still out there, so they want Mario Kart to be the racing
thing for a little while, but I really hope that next year's E3 we get something about
F-Zero.
Yeah, me too.
We'll see, but I'm just, you know, I'm a big F-Zero fan, you know, what can I say?
I wouldn't mind watching somebody else kind of pick that up, you know, Wipeout's kind
of cool.
I guess Wipeout's the closest thing I can think of on another system that's kind of
like F-Zero, but it's not the same, but I love that futuristic fast racing.
That's my favorite, is the future fast.
Speed Racer.
Really?
I'm gonna have to check that out.
You should check it out.
It's actually pretty cool.
Do you own it?
Uh, yes.
I'm gonna borrow it.
You can't borrow it.
Oh, okay, I get it.
I get it.
Funny.
All right, what else is on your mind, GoldBander?
What else, what do you think of the other stuff?
Well, this week I finally, I'm actually starting to get into some PC gaming, I was playing
a bunch of the Source Engine games from Steam and stuff, Valve, like Half-Life, Portal,
and I was having some fun with that, I guess, so that was a blast.
There's some fun stuff on Steam, if you haven't seen it yet, check out Audiosurf, I like that
one on Steam.
I played the demo and I really liked it, I'm thinking about it.
I wish there was some more multiplayer type stuff you could do in there, but it's still
fun.
It reminds me of Klax on speed, that's what I love, I used to love Klax back in the day.
I got my butt with the first online journey onto the online thing, there's always going
to be that, the little kid that likes to swear and be rude, and the kid's like speaking some
other language and stuff, and then once we start to try and vote ban him, then he apologizes
and speaks English, so I'm like, now you can speak English, and it just got me so mad and
stuff, and then he's like swearing not to ban him, we just ban him, no questions, no
further things.
Good for you.
I have a zero tolerance policy for idiots on those things, and on Xbox Live I warn them
every time, I do the little feedback thing every time.
I'm a little jerk on Xbox Live, I'm a tattletale, but you know what?
Somebody's got to do it.
Exactly.
It's just annoying.
Any other thoughts for our listeners tonight, Go Banjo?
Let me think, I don't know, you three could have been better, but I am excited for Banjo
Kazooie 3, I don't care what anybody else says, I'm a hardcore Banjo Kazooie fan.
We haven't had a lot of Banjo Kazooie love on the show tonight, so there you have it.
Go Banjo, adding a little bit of Banjo Kazooie love, so it's not just a clever name, Banjo
Kazooie.
Alright, have a good night, my friend, take care.
Okay, later.
I was going to say too, real quick, if you are interested in a game that's sort of like
F-Zero, try the Speed Racer Wii game.
It just dropped in price, it's only $29.99 now, and you probably can get it used for
even cheaper.
I still need to play the pinball game I got on Wii.
I've played a little bit of it, and it's fun, I need to play more of it, because pinball
is awesome, right, Jamie?
Yes, it is.
Or if you don't own a Wii, you can get it on the PS2 coming in September.
Aw, Shaoran in chat called me a fucking narc.
The narc was an awesome game, so shut up.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Bow down to Pyramid Head.
No, this is Osprey.
Hey, what's up, Osprey?
That'd be cool if Pyramid Head did call us.
I feel like I'm the only one that was kind of excited for a new Zelda game to be announced,
and it was never announced, so I'm sad.
I didn't have my hopes up for it, it did seem a little bit soon in the Zelda cycle.
Next year, definitely.
Next year, definitely, definitely.
This year, not so much.
Didn't we just get a DS game not that long ago?
The whole little Wind Waker looking thing?
That was just last year, right?
Yeah.
It was a fan of my hourglass.
It was, I don't know, it was okay.
You have to remember, Nintendo's developing for two major platforms now, it's not just
about the Wii, it's about the DS as well, so you know, they're a little split there,
but I think you'll see a new Zelda, you know, Uber-type looking game next year, probably.
I was more surprised, that Kid Icarus thing, with all the evidence that supported its existence,
I'm very surprised that it didn't show up.
Very surprised.
Well, you know that they're just trying to appeal to the casual gamer now, so I guess
we're not even going to hear about that at E3 anymore.
Maybe E for All?
I don't know, isn't E for All supposed to have the big three this year?
E for All usually has them all, but they don't make any announcements there.
If anything, it's going to be around Tokyo Game Show, or whatever their game world thing
is.
I think they still have time to announce some more titles for, because really they only
have Animal Crossing, which I think, I thought that was November 7th-ish, it might actually
be in October, it's around October, November, and then that's pretty much it for the holiday.
I mean, that's all they've announced so far for Wii, so that's their one title.
They have room for some more titles to get slipped in there, because usually they have
a title coming out each month.
Last year was Donkey Kong Barrel Blast for September.
There was Battalion Wars 2 for October.
And then for November was, of course, the Wii Zapper and Super Mario Galaxy.
I don't think there was anything for December, January was something.
But they have room to announce some more games in there, and I don't think they're going
to have one game for the holiday, unless they manage to get the Wii Sports Resort thing
out.
So, I expect some more announcements.
So some hopefulness from Loki that makes sense, makes sense to me, he's right, there's got
to be more than one game coming out this Christmas.
Alright, any other thoughts, Osfer?
I'm kind of concerned about the future for DDR, seeing as that they want to add mines
or shock arrows, as they call it, into it.
At least they're trying something new for them, but you're right, I don't think it's
going to give the game the swift kick in the pants it needs, but it's something I guess
to hold people over.
Well, I don't want DDR to turn into ITG, because that's like one of the main reasons I hate
in the group.
It's because I hate mines, like, you play the game to step on the arrows, not to freaking
dodge them.
It's just irritating.
If, hey, as long as they have maybe, you know, you can turn freeze arrows off, so I'm sure
you can turn those things off too, but I get what you mean, you kind of hope that they
don't whore it out, you know what I mean?
Yeah, and also, even if you can turn it off, like in the group, it kicks you from being
able to rank in any of the songs, so, I don't know.
Interesting.
Well, we'll see.
I am curious about that new machine, though, when everyone comes to our neighborhood.
Hopefully it doesn't get broken by little kids first, we'll see.
I forgot to mention, I played Guitar Freaks V4 this week.
I have to say I'm very unimpressed by it.
It's just, I don't know, the whole interface and everything looks like a really shoddy
PlayStation 2 game, which, actually, I think the releases of Guitar Freaks are on PlayStation
2, so I guess that makes sense, but no innovation whatsoever.
Alright, well, we gotta let you go, buddy, we're gonna wrap up the show, but have a good
one, okay?
Alright, see ya, I'm calling for the night.
Later.
Alright, we're gonna close the Skyplane for now.
If you didn't get through, I'm so sorry, but you can always leave us a voicemail, or, and
I gotta catch up on voicemails, probably next week we'll do that, or you can always send
us an email, mailbagorangeonstrader.com, let's do some last-minute stories.
Jamie, you said you had a couple.
Uh, actually, I do, and one of them, because I couldn't get the email pulled back up, I
found it from another site, but this one was given to me by Rob2Bees.
Time Hollow, which is a Konami game for the DS, is to be localized and released in August.
It's actually, the neat thing about the game is that you get this thing called a time pen,
which is your stylus, that you use to manipulate time to solve puzzles within the game.
It's very, uh, almost sort of, uh, Phoenix Wright-ish, in terms of how, uh, how it feels
or how it plays, but you can check, uh, either the, um, the Japanese website for it, which
is, uh, konami.jp slash time underscore hollow, or, um, I'm sure you can find stuff on YouTube.
And the other thing that's, um, I know a few other, uh, anime fans would be excited about
this is that Sega grabbed the license for, um, the melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, um,
for Nintendo DS, um, actually several of the, the DS games, um, from, uh, Namco Bandai and
Sega's like, um, okay, we want, so, um, you might see those eventually, and you can also
get the, the little happy dance that she does.
I want the PlayStation 2 one, because in the PlayStation 2 one, she apparently makes her
own RPG, and then you get to play it.
Cool.
So.
Very cool.
Okay.
Loki, anything?
Of course I have stuff, I have a long laundry list of stuff.
Make it quick, we want to go home.
Um, anyways, Ubisoft announced a game called I Am Alive, it's like a survival game, looks
pretty cool, coming out Spring 2009, and, uh, yeah, I have an awesome trailer for that.
Rock Band 2, they announced the full track list for the game, which is pretty awesome,
including, uh, there's ACDC, AFI, Las Morcet, um, Alice in Chains, Bad Company, Beastie
Boys, Billy Idol, um, there is Journey, uh, any way you want it.
Pretty much one of those rumored lists came true, it seems like.
Yes, Foo Fighters, Guns N' Roses, et cetera, et cetera.
Fleetwood Mac, awesome.
Um, but there is 84 songs that they detailed, and I hear there's going to be 20 more tracks
as well, but they're going to be free downloads, so, that's kind of cool.
That's cool.
Um, also, um, there's some stuff, there is a no fail option as well for Rock Band 2,
or what I like to call it, Drunk Party Option, so that's pretty cool.
And um, some, um, kind of a change of pace here, but apparently, the, um, Rock Band instruments
will be compatible with Guitar Hero World Tour.
So you'll actually be able to use them, uh, what they're going to do, since Guitar Hero
World Tour has, you know, five things you can hit instead of, um, you know, the four,
they're going to actually, um, automatically disable one of those when you play that, um,
so that's kind of cool.
Also, the Xbox 360 version of Guitar Hero Aerosmith, um, is being patched to utilize
the Rock Band, um, guitars on the 360, so that's kind of cool as well.
Good, good move, thank you.
Um, apparently NCAA Football 09 is really broken, uh, there you have a laundry list
of stuff that's just not working, including some sliders, like the CPU sliders, and don't
do anything, uh, the online dynasty mode's broken, the super sim mode is broken, and
the kick returns are also broken, and some other crap, so, way to go EA Sports also,
um, I want to say NASCAR 09.
The game saves are broken, sweet.
Um, one thing that's kind of interesting is, um, apparently Rainbow Six Vegas 2 had, uh,
been patched, there was a, um, disk check thing being added into the game, um, but it
was a problem for people that got the game via digital download, and so the fix for it,
well, apparently Ubisoft used a pirate hack that someone had made to bypass the disk check
thing.
What?
Nice.
So they, um, used that to fix it.
Huh.
Interesting.
Um, also, the NPD results for, um, June have come out, and the Wii is now the number one
selling system in the US, as well as the world now, so, 10.9 million units with the, um,
Xbox 360 trailing behind by just a little bit, so, very interesting.
Um, Nintendo Power has announced a, um, new game via their cover here, uh, what we thought
may have been Kingdom Hearts 3 is actually Sonic and the Black Knight, um, which is,
looks like a role-playing game, maybe a little bit Kingdom Hearts-esque, I don't know, um,
there's also rumors that Nintendo might actually be publishing that title, so that's-
Sonic and Mario World, that would be awesome.
So that'd be kind of interesting there.
Um, Miyamoto, um, announced that they're making a Pikmin game, so, that's kind of cool, um,
and one other Nintendo game that kind of went under the radar here, Rhythm Heaven is, has
been announced for the US, it's actually, um, Rhythm Tengoku Gold is being localized
for North America and, of course, is a rhythm music game, uh, Samba de Amigo, uh, Sega has
confirmed that it will be getting downloaded, and, um, it's actually going to debut some
launch content, um, starting on September, uh, 23rd when the game is launched, and, uh,
the first set of downloads will include the 80s, um, radio song, I guess, I Want Candy
from, uh, Bow Wow Wow, or Bow Wow Wow Wow, yeah, we get it, too many, uh, Jets, um, Are
You Going to Be My Girl, and Lou Bega's Mambo Mambo, and no word if those are paid to unlock,
um, content, or if it's actually download content, but interesting, nonetheless, and,
um, let's see here, there was a new unlock code for Supernova 2 cabinets that, uh, revealed
three more songs, uh, Terra Stars, and, um, let's see, Jet Girl Spins, uh, Mars Wars 3,
and Revenge G Alternative with, uh, Reba, Reba Bata, or however you pronounce that,
and then, of course, uh, Paranoid Hades, so that's kind of cool, and let's see here, real
quick, that's a lot of last minute stories, sorry, sorry, I'm quickly, I'm trying to be
quick, um, GPS coming to the PSP within nine months, uh, there are details releasing some
Famicom inspired classic controllers, so you can import those if you want them, um, let's
see here, well, it was E3 week, so it was a little busy this week, fun little bit of
trivia, Animal Crossing, which was being shown off at E3, actually had, of course, none other
than Charles Martinet playing the game as well from an undisclosed location with a Mario
style avatar, and, uh, he was riffing people in the Mario voice, and was also hitting people
with axes and complaining about people that ran over his flowers, I'm thinking undisclosed
location means backstage, because, yeah, I don't know if you remember when they showed
off the whole, uh, voice chat, or the DS, uh, internet thing, but they had, uh, Charles
Martinet in Seattle, right, remember that, uh, and then you would see him, like, an hour
later walking around the show floor, yeah, cause he could teleport, um, there is a rumor
that someone is working on a PSP emulator for the Wii, and they have screenshots, unfortunately
right now it's only running at about seven frames per second, but that's still disturbing
nonetheless, Animal Crossing will support USB keyboards, so you can actually type your
messages to people without having to use the Wii remote, because that sucked, uh, Gears
of War 2 is coming out November 7th this year, so people are probably excited about that,
uh, LittleBigPlanet is going to allow you to charge users for your content that you
created, oh god, so you can make money off that shit, um, there's apparently some shocking
announcement coming to, um, the DKS3713, um, event put out by Square Enix, something related
to Final Fantasy VII, uh oh, uh, Rock Band 2 is going to be, the release of this is really
strange, um, the game only version for the Xbox 360 is coming out in September, the bundle,
as long as, with the PS3 bundle, the PS3 standalone version is coming out in October, and then
the Wii and PlayStation 2 versions I think are coming out in November, is that confusing
enough, um, and then let's see here, and then my favorite thing, which I'm going to end
on here real quick, is that, um, there's a quote taken from, uh, G4, apparently is an
interview with Reggie Fils-Aime, who says, how could you feel left out? The Animal Crossing
that we've been hearing about that people wanted, uh, fully connected to the internet,
go to other people's towns, plus I said Grand Theft Auto on the DS, how do you feel left
out with those types of announcements? Well, it's quite easy. There's about 500 other things
you didn't address, but maybe it's just me. I'm not a casual gamer, what do I know? Alright,
thank you for the, uh, follow-up updates, although quite lengthy, it was E3 week, there's
a lot of shit going on, next week I'm sure we'll have a lot of stuff too, as the fallout
begins from E3 and we start ramping up towards Christmas, as was said earlier, but for now,
we go around and we get everybody's final thought. Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is, this is actually kind of funny, there's, um, apparently Dead Rising,
the Wii version is being called Dead Rising Zombie Sacrifice in Japan, and I don't know
if this is true, but for the US version, I heard that they're calling it Dead Rising
Chop Until You Drop. Cheesy. I like that. My final thought is, I kind of want a burrito.
Dark Soccer, your final thought? Uh oh, we might have to chop till we drop Dark Soccer,
she sounds like she's turning into a zombie. That is a distinct possibility. Alright, um,
until then, thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting independent podcasting and
supporting Orange Launcher. Remember, if you like what you hear, oh, sorry. God damn it.
Sorry. Sorry. I am ending this damn show. This is important. No, we want to do the cage
match. This is important, real quick. DDRX, they're reviving some of their old, um, licensed
songs, including Dubby Dub and Butterfly, and they may have mentioned that last week,
but I don't remember. Either way. Dubby Dub's coming back. Do not want. That might make
a headache worse, won't it? I've got a very bad headache right now. I'm sorry. Alright,
well remember, if you like what you hear, we persevere through the headaches and through
the fire and the flames to bring you this program each and every week. Please tell two
friends you know about the program. That's how we spread around the world slowly. Hey,
we'll see you at PAX in a few weeks. Those of you that are going, all three of us are
going to be there, and I can't wait to meet you guys. I don't know if there will be an
OLR meetup one night, but I imagine we'll do something. It's going to be a party. It's
going to be so much fun. Right, Loki? It's so much fun? I don't know. I've never been
to PAX. Alright. Until then, we'll see you guys next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys. We'll see you next time. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange
Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time. The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com,
but we're probably right anyway. See you next week!
