Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this 4th of July weekend, except it's actually the 6th of July now in 2008.
Did everybody have a good 4th of July weekend? We have a lot of people in studio tonight.
If you haven't listened to part 8 yet, we have tons of guests. Did you guys all have a good 4th of July?
Oh, we had a couple encounters, but yeah.
A couple encounters? What's that mean?
Random encounters.
Random encounters? It's like you are suddenly attacked by a grey slime?
Yeah, and just substitute unexpected fireworks.
Oh yes. Good times. Good times.
Now 4th of July, you're from New York City, Rama.
So the 4th of July in a cow town like this one is a little different from what you're used to in Brooklyn, right?
Not necessarily.
Really?
Even out in Brooklyn, it's very suburbanite. Out in New York City, we look forward to the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest.
That's the big thing.
Do people go shoot their guns off in the middle of the street for 4th of July?
Actually, that's more up in the South Bronx where I used to live.
You're confusing that with Texas.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Alright, well, we hope everybody had a safe 4th of July. Unless you're not an American citizen, then I hope you had a good Friday.
I would like to say in a very cryptic fashion that thank God the end of my headache is over.
I can continue on with the work that I have been working on for a few weeks now.
If I'm not mistaken, Loki will be unveiling something big on next week's show.
Hopefully.
Cross your fingers, cross your toes.
The funny thing about the 4th of July that really quickly, because I went to the extravaganza at Dark Sakura's house that she had,
stupid me thought, I want to bring something, I want to contribute to Dark Sakura's thing this year.
I don't want to be a leecher. So I brought fireworks.
I went out and bought like $40 worth of fireworks and brought it to the party.
I was like, okay, cool.
And only to be upstaged by all the more awesome illegal fireworks that were present.
Yeah, our neighbor put in money for the legal stuff.
So we never even set my group off.
I think we opened yours.
No, I don't think we opened it. I brought it back.
Oh, you did? Oh.
So I'm saving it for a rainy day, like Christmas. We'll set up Christmas fireworks or Halloween fireworks.
And we'll open presents next 4th of July.
Exactly.
Quick poll in chat room while we do the next story.
When should I light off the spare fireworks that I have?
$40 worth of safe and lame fireworks.
When should I light them off?
For the fuck show?
Who knows? In the garage.
That wouldn't be...
Do it now.
Do it now.
Our void says now. I don't think that's going to happen, sir.
Alright. It's the 6th of July party. Yay.
Alright, let's get back to some gaming news. Loki, kick it off.
Yes, no fireworks right now.
But we talked a little bit earlier. Actually, Rob did during his release dates for Japan that Persona 4 was going to be coming out soon.
Well, guess what? Persona 4 is also making its way to North America as well.
Just not until December 9th.
And that should be pretty awesome.
And it was teased on, I think, a new trailer for Persona 4.
So, December 9th is when you can get your Persona 4 on.
Oh, and it says also that each game will be bundled with the soundtrack CD as well with select music from the game.
And there are many RPG fans going, squee!
Does it come with a free spirit gun?
I think it's cool, though, that they're still cranking them out for the PlayStation 2.
Quality games for the PlayStation 2. It's not just a budget system.
Yeah.
It's still got good stuff.
Well, it's cheaper to develop for, and if they want to jump to the PS3, they'll still sell probably what they would sell on the PS3 with the PS2.
Alright. Lots of comments from chat about when to light off the fireworks.
Too many people are saying, do it now.
And that's not going to happen with a gas heater in here, okay?
That's a bad idea. That's the kind of stuff that you see on America's scariest home videos.
Let's see. When you know who gets disbarred, says Amaze Satsuma, for the fuck show.
Oh, AJ Mix says at the beginning of the fuck show, and GS68 calls them fuck works. Nice.
I do like that idea.
You can't do it for the fuck show because then you know when the fuck show was.
Exactly. Exactly.
That would ruin it.
Alright. So we're not doing them now, sorry to say. We're not stupid, and we're not going to end up on headlines.
Anyhow, we were talking about PlayStation 2 games, now PlayStation 2 games are still coming out.
Get this, Sony is actually going to be coming out with an even slimmer and cooler looking, in their words, suave, version of the PlayStation 2.
Here's the interesting thing. It's going to be coming out in India first, and then Europe.
It's going to be coming out on October 28th in India. There you have it.
You know what that means.
What?
Ben Heck will be able to make an even cooler PS2 portable system.
The Economic Times, who reported this initially, also says there will be no more external AC adapter.
The price will still be the same, about $162 American because this is in other countries.
What do you mean no more AC adapter that's external?
I'm assuming that means the plug is built right into it, so you don't have to plug in an external adapter now.
It's built right into the system, I would imagine.
Well, I guess. Those power supplies are pretty small nowadays, especially with the micro-ITX stuff.
There you have it. That's going to be pretty cool.
I wonder if that will come out here most likely. Especially if there's still quality games like Persona 4 coming out, why not?
There's still a demand for it, and hey, they're a cheap DVD player on top of all that other stuff.
At least that's what the rest of America thinks.
So, there you have it. Moving on.
Well, in other news, there is a list that was released by Hideo Kojima, who said what his top five favorite games are.
He was actually speaking to a newspaper, Yomiuri Shinbun, and he listed Super Mario Bros. series,
Outerworld, and Xevious as being some of the most memorable and influential games.
He also brought up an 80s adventure game that was only in Japan called Portopia Renzoku Satsujin Jiken.
And, of course, Metal Gear Solid.
Of course. A little ego there. Anything else we'd recognize?
The Super Mario Bros. series?
Oh, Super Mario Bros. series. Sorry, I missed that.
Outerworld, Xevious?
Oh, okay. Sorry, I only picked up the last two for some reason. That's what I get for multitasking.
But, you know, actually, if Kojima is fouling up this other game that I've never played, then I think I'll have to give it a try.
I'll try to find out what it's on.
It's Portopia Renzoku Satsujin Jiken.
So, what's up? Hideo Kojima talks. You listen?
Yes.
Alright. Fair enough.
Yeah, and I've bumped into him enough times that I think I should.
Awesome.
So, there's some interesting stuff coming out now.
PlayStation.com, I guess, was hacked according to a security firm's report.
The IT security firm Sophos reported that someone has been messing around with the official PlayStation site, the US one.
And, I guess, some of the messing around fits in with fake ads on the SingStar and God of War pages.
And trying to, I guess, I don't know, put viruses or spyware or something.
Were they trying to install spyware on people's computers? Were they trying to say, haha, we pwned Sony or what?
It says basically that the bogus pop-ups prompted people that saw them to purchase, I guess, what turned out to be bogus anti-virus software.
Dope. Oh my god, they put Gator on PlayStation.com.
Wow.
Apparently, though, Sony's already fixed the problem, but, you know.
That still sucks.
I would say, you know, if there was ever a list, and maybe we'll have to do this as a list list someday, even though it isn't directly video game related.
But if there was ever a list of, like, the most evil things to ever hit the internet, like the worst things to ever happen to the internet, Gator would be in the top three.
Absolutely.
BonziBuddy would be also in the top three.
Don't get me started on BonziBuddy.
YouTube.
Alright.
Anyhow, this is sad news in the Sony department. You cannot has Kratos in Soul Calibur IV.
That news was announced 1UP actually revealed at their most recent podcast because they've been playing the game.
Like you bastards.
They actually have the game there in studio because, you know, certain media people are more special-er than everybody else.
And so they've got it.
And they've been playing the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 versions and no Kratos to be found anywhere unless it was some type of last minute addition.
But let's see, if you think a big character like Kratos was going to be in a big game like this, do you think something would be a last minute addition?
Uh, download content.
Possibly. That could be, but I don't know.
I still say slim to none.
It would be, no, they could do that still.
I mean, as download content, and they could announce it at E3 if they want it to be a surprise.
Because they know better that certain media outlets out there, you know, especially if it leaks out.
Oh, hey, I saw Kratos in Soulcalibur 4 leak, you know, it's just...
Interesting. Alright, interesting thought.
Although I'm not that optimistic.
DarkSoccer, I know you and the Hubby were debating which version of Soulcalibur 4 you were going to get.
Did you finally come to a consensus?
360.
And why is that?
Online.
Oh, because the online...
Xbox Live is better. Sorry.
Do you think if Kratos had been in the Sony one, do you think that might have tilted you in the other direction?
Not at all.
Not at all. Not a Kratos fan?
No. I don't really... Honestly, I don't care.
Alright. Fair enough.
Did anybody check out Soulcalibur on Xbox Live this weekend?
I didn't hear anyone mention during their gaming weeks.
I only checked out the demo. I didn't feel good enough reviewing it based on the demo alone.
But it just seemed like the Dreamcast version.
No EXO. But not that that's bad, because the Dreamcast one was pretty awesome.
But there you have it.
Alright. Anyhow, here's some content where you guys get to contribute to our program.
It's the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchrater.com and DarkSakura jumps into the emailbag and pulls out a few of her favorite emails to read for you here live on air.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchrater.com is the place to do it.
DarkSakura, rip it open. What do we got?
We've actually gotten a crap ton, so I'm very sorry for some of the emails that I am not answering.
I'm trying to get to ones that I haven't really read before.
No offense to the people who email us all the time. Let's hear from people we don't often hear from.
Let's see. I'm still actually going through them, so I'll start with this one.
Dear OLR team, my name is Simon and I live in Sweden.
I'm a first time writer to the show and I've listened for about three years.
I just wanted to tell you, you are the best and ask a question.
Unfortunately I live in a time zone where I can't listen live, so I have to make do with the podcast.
Which, by the way, is the best podcast on the web.
Anyway, why is part two released so late in the week nowadays?
I don't get part two until Friday night and most of the other stuff you talk about by then feels kind of outdated.
Not that I don't enjoy what you talk about, but is there a reason why it can't be released on Tuesday or Wednesday instead?
It's been kind of my fault recently because I've just been so busy on Tuesday and Wednesday nights specifically.
The ball's in my court to get that thing released.
And with my birthday on the 4th of July, especially these past two weeks, it has just been a madhouse.
So I apologize, that's not usually the plan.
The reason why we don't do it in, well, first off, we just kind of felt, we've been doing it in parts A and B ever since we were syndicated on all games.
And that's just kind of what we've grown used to and we like the fact that people would be getting two shows a week as opposed to just one.
Because, you know, we do a pretty darn long show here.
But the idea was to have it sooner in the week, at least 24 to 48 hours out from part A though.
And that's just because that way a lot of RSS audio grabbers will skip a file if you haven't already grabbed it.
Like let's say there's two new shows on the stream, it will only grab the most recent one.
And so people miss out on half the show if they're not updating every day.
So we try to space it out about 24, 48 hours to make sure people are getting each and every part.
And just to, you know, so that you have something spread out throughout the week.
Because most game shows release on Sunday, Monday. But much fewer of them release on Wednesday, Thursday.
So that was kind of the whole point about that.
So that's why we did it that way. So sorry it isn't a popular decision.
But you never know, especially with our 300th episode coming up and talk of already changing some other things about the show.
You never know, it might be one big show in the future. We'll see.
We reserve the right to change things as we want.
I'm also not reading part of this email though because it is directed toward somebody else.
But it says, thank you for an excellent show and take care.
And there you have it.
Okay, this one's from Rissimo, who I don't think I've ever read an email from.
The name sounds familiar but it's been a while.
Hello all, I beat Metal Gear Solid 4 a couple weeks ago.
Everyone used the word epic to describe the game. That's because there's no other word to describe it.
It's one of the best games I've ever played, seriously.
I'm sick of people bitching about games cutscenes and not talking about how great the actual game is.
There's so much diversity in the actual gameplay, I find this alarming.
I just want to know if any of you actually played it or just watched a bit.
I'm curious to know what you think.
Lastly, a couple of questions for Jamie.
Okay, did you watch any of the TV channels preceding the game?
Huh?
They're bizarre.
Okay, and did you see the one where David Hayter experiences the interview from hell?
And if you did, Fangasm much? I don't watch television.
I think, is it something like you leave the disc in and you see this random Easter egg stuff?
No, no, I didn't. Sorry. But I can.
Yeah, no, I thought that the game was very diverse in the things that allowed it.
But it's also, I guess this is up on YouTube, but no, never mind.
PS, I sent you guys a video months ago with my goddaughter playing my great 1000 mile rally arcade machine.
Then I purchased a Street Fighter II machine and I'm now eyeing a pinball table.
I have a lot of pinball in my youth, but don't remember many of the machines.
One of my customers owns a pinball boutique and suggested either a Black Knight or Addams Family machine is the best ever.
The Black Knight isn't too banged up, but it needs a bit of work.
Either one will cost me $2,000.
I have heard you rave about Black Knight pinball, but can't remember you talking about Addams Family one.
What says you? Thanks for getting me through this week.
First of all, there's a Black Knight and a Black Knight 2000.
And if it's Black Knight 2000, it's worthy, but I warn you, the game's a bitch.
It's hard. Addams Family is really, really, really fun.
I love Addams Family.
And I think that if you're looking for a starter machine, Addams Family is going to be the one to go with.
I think it's rec.pinball.something.
I'll have to find out the user group that my husband goes on and try to get you in touch with his group
because Dan started off on a really banged up machine and worked his way up.
$2,000 for an Addams Family? That's not bad.
At least as far as I've heard.
You're going to have to go ahead and start investing in rubbers and plastics and get carnauba wax for the boards.
What do I use that for? Oh, pinball.
For the actual boards themselves.
Make sure you've got Goo Gone handy and acid-free stuff because Rob.
I'm sorry, but I didn't know you were talking about pinball.
Rob, resist the urge.
I live in the gutter.
Just email me later.
Anyway.
Next email, and this actually is somebody different.
Hey, guys. Dan Shadow here.
While I was growing up, I had a lot of adventure and puzzle games to play.
Some of my favorites were the Monkey Island series, Loom.
Thank you! Loom is great.
King's Quest before 3D, Toonstruck the 7th Guest in the 11th Hour.
For the most part, those games were just point and clickers,
but they all had great dialogue and good puzzles that fit into the gameplay.
I mean, insult sword fighting was the best.
My question is a two-parter.
Aside from games like Professor Layton and Hotel Dusk,
will we ever see a return of the good, plain, fun adventure game?
Part of the greatness of the 7th Guest in the 11th Hour
was that they were of a much darker tone.
Did you ever play Phantasmagoria?
Yes, I did play Phantasmagoria. It was awesome.
My second question is, if we do ever see more adventure games,
are they fated to be just childish games that will work for all ages?
Honestly, I would love to see another Phantasmagoria. Wouldn't that be awesome?
Seven CDs, that game was.
That game was epic.
I'd love to see another Monkey Island.
Only because the emailer isn't saying it,
I would hope to gosh you already know about it,
but Sam and Max, seriously, if you're not playing it,
this game was made for someone like you who loves these old 90s puzzlers.
And just the cool thing, and I hate sounding like a salesman for this service,
but I do like it. I honestly do.
GameTap has all these old-school PC games,
a lot of the ones you're talking about on there.
Rob, you fight like a dairy farmer.
Shut up.
Oh, Justin sent me an email that reminded me that the song I was trying to think of was Lab,
from 2DX8 style, that had the hearty hadoken.
Oh.
Well, I'm looking.
I'll have to dig it up.
8th style, Rob.
Oh, yeah, I got it.
We got an email from Sauce.
Okay.
It says, hi, Soess, which is my online nickname of the Saucers.
Skye, other guy, and DJ Ron, my guest.
Andrew, if he's there too.
Seeing how I know DarkSakura thoroughly enjoyed reading my lengthy multi-paragraph review
of the Iron Man video game released by Sony,
I thought it'd only be fair to review another game, Lego Indiana Jones.
But to be kind to her vocal cords rather than writing the review up here in this email,
I've written it up in my own blog and provided a link to paste into the chat room,
which I will in just a moment.
The journal, though, is marronmarvel.livejournal.com.
It's M-A-R-R-O-N, Marvel.
We will soon be writing for Orange Launch Radio when we get our new website done,
which is the next big task here at Camp O-L-R.
This is part of a project I'm working on for the O-L-R website.
It's obviously an aptly named project.
Update the website so more content can be added.
My bad.
But for now, the review sits on my own blog until Skye and I can get together and work something out.
The short version of the review is that Lego Indiana Jones is an extremely fun game
worth investing in for both kids and adults alike.
It comes on a variety of platforms, and I suggest playing it on DS or PSP over Xbox or Wii.
The feel of the game is much more to be enjoyed in small settings
between other things like classes on bus rides or what have you
than as a sit-in-front-of-the-TV console game.
Anyway, that's it for now.
I'm sure Dark Soccer has another dozen or so emails to read.
Keep up the great work, O-L-R.
Sincerely, your friendly neighborhood sauce.
Friendly neighborhood sauce. I like that. Very nice.
I have posted link in there.
And I love that she's dedicated.
I need someone like that to keep poking me and going,
website, website, website, but I'm really glad there's enthusiastic people.
I could do that, but I have sharp things to poke you with.
No, I don't like sharp things.
No, me no likey.
Well, if you keep poking me, then I am not going to give you.
This song was a bitch on 2DX. That's all I will say.
Fuck yeah, it was.
I think I beat it on 7 keys once and then I died.
There you have it.
That's lab.
That was lab.
Hey guys and gal, I've been listening to this show from us for years.
It is also the first podcast I have ever listened to,
but I have never been able to listen live because of school, family, etc.
Abandon them all. Just kidding.
My computer just became unplugged, give me a second.
Dope.
There's one thing I really want to know that you guys have never said,
you're gamertags.
I understand if you don't want to share them because of privacy and stuff,
but it would be great to actually play on live with one of you guys
and maybe even work on Loki at GTA IV cough.
Love this show and keep up the good work from Taco4Brain,
which is my gamertag by the way.
PS, Imagine Babies would have been a lot better with Harpoon's Fire and Dragon Force.
This is going to sound so horrible, but I don't know any other way to put it.
The sad thing is my list, I don't have a problem giving my gamertag out
because it's on the forums, it's green sky, but it's S-K-I-E.
All one word.
But here's the problem, is that my friends list is completely full.
And Microsoft does not address the issue about letting us expand our friends list yet.
And I try to when new OLR listeners want to be added,
I go in my list and I look for people who haven't signed on in like a week
and I'll delete them, but the problem is I'm trying to balance,
like I don't want to delete anybody I know offline,
but I also don't want to make any OLR listeners sad,
so I'm having to play this really delicate balancing game with the friend list.
So you can send me a friend request.
I guess I could delete someone who hasn't signed on in a week, but it's tough.
Please don't be hurt if I defriend you or refuse your friend request.
I'm just full.
And I'm not even on Xbox that often.
Stop.
I'm still waiting on my request.
Didn't I accept it?
It bounced back saying it was full.
Oh, you got to like call me or text me and say I'm going to try to add you
and then I'll dump somebody who hasn't signed on in a week and then add you.
How about after the show maybe?
Alright, we'll do that.
Cool.
We'll do that after the show.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
On the same subject, my We Connect 24 is now working.
Nice.
So if you want to add me.
And it's all in the forum, because you don't know your friend code I would imagine.
Not that I can.
But it's all in the friend's code thread on forums.
Or no, orange.radio.com, click on forums.
Yes.
There you have it.
On a similar related note, I don't have a 360,
so I naturally don't have a gamertag,
but I am in the O.L. Army clown on X-Fire,
so if you want to pop on and own my asset like Day of Defeat Source or Counter-Strike,
feel free.
It's in the forums.
Check the thread there under PC Games.
See, Fear the Claw in chat says,
Aw, how sad.
Sky has too many friends.
Cry face.
I hate, I feel like I sound like a stuck up ass when I say that.
Rob.
What?
You are a whore darling.
I'm sorry.
I just, you know, I.
Okay.
Emails, please.
It is what it is.
All right, what?
I'm going to quickly go through some of these and paraphrase them.
GS68, who introduces himself in English, Spanish, and Japanese.
Ola.
Wanted to know what happened to the guy who said the geeks in Otaku
were the only ones who wanted more storage space,
and said that it's sad that Representative Nintendo would have to, you know,
hold to a level of professionalism and didn't.
Well, you haven't heard from him lately, so that's hopefully a good sign.
Thumbs up, Nintendo.
He liked the interview.
Good.
And wants us to come to Final Mate 2009, which will be a likely.
Most likely, yeah.
Outlook good on the Magic 8 Ball.
And says, this email was brought to you by Sizzler Home of the Endless Salads.
By the way, California Extremes in two weeks starts soccer.
I'm going.
Do we want to check out there?
Fuck yeah.
You have room in your car for one more?
Sure.
All right.
You're only going for the one day, right?
You're not going to stay overnight or anything?
I don't think we're going to stay overnight, but we might go back.
Okay.
I might just go for one day.
I think we're going to do the Saturday.
Honestly, I think I'd only be able to stay in the one day.
Yeah, I think we'll both go on Saturday.
It'll be fine.
I'll come with if you don't mind the extra room.
Go for it.
All right.
OLR car trip.
Anyway, short email from Salt Tech.
Hey, OLR, I was learning if anyone, including chat,
knows anything about whether Diablo 3 will be pay-to-play like World of Warcraft
or buy the game like Diablo 1 and Diablo 2 anyway.
Love the show.
I'm glad to hear you like the email address.
It's actually supposed to be 666% pure evil,
but you can't use the percent character in email addresses,
so it ended up with being what it is now.
Keep up the great work.
Also, periods help.
So far as I know, and this comes as a Blizzard fan,
it's going to be pay-once-and-play, just standard Battle.net model.
Why not?
Diablo 2 is the same way.
I mean, if Blizzard were to change it now,
they'd just be getting greedy, bastards.
But I don't think that's going to be the case.
At any rate, next email is,
hey, I'm sorry, dear OLR,
hi, you guys are awesome.
Anyway, I remember I was listening to you guys one time,
how you said you can't find awesome arcades anymore, cry.
But there's still one, kind of.
Well, I live in Houston, Texas, and we have this anime arcade.
When I found out about this arcade, I was like,
OMG, Houston has something cool?
So I made my parents take me there with a friend,
and we were all like, where is it?
But just when we were about to give up, my mom was all like,
hey, is that it?
And I'm like, yes, it is.
So we take a look inside, and my parents all confused
because they aren't otaku, and it was awesome.
It was called Planet Zero.
And I was so happy I almost cried
because they had imported games such as popin' music.
Yay.
The only thing that really, really sucked was that the arcade was small,
but that's okay.
It's still cool.
Well, thank you for taking the time to read this story.
It's long.
LOL, your friend Isabelle.
But it's signed as ro.
Last email.
It is a long one.
All right.
Long email is long.
But this one is special because of their ISP,
which I think is funny.
I'm not going to say.
Oh, we can't say the...
Oh, okay.
Well, actually, I'm pretty sure that the name is pronounced Nige
just as a nickname.
All right.
I always think about this one song that has the name
of this supermarket chain in the title.
Anyway.
All right.
Read the email.
Fine.
Dear OLR,
I finally had my first sustained encounter with the PSP last week
after years of getting my gaming fix on a Nintendo system.
And I was very surprised how much I liked it.
The public perception of Sony's computer entertainment strategy
at the moment generally seems to be one of the companies
suffering a midterm malaise, much like Nintendo went through
after the year of the 16-bit era until the Wii slash DS combo.
As you always rightly say, it's all about the games.
And although there were a handful of interesting titles in the PSP,
it never really grabbed my attention until Crisis Core arrived in Europe.
As my girlfriend has a PSP, I decided to buy the game and give it a go.
The game itself is very good.
I have to disagree with Logie's comments a couple episodes back.
I find it very entertaining.
Part of the reason for this personally, I feel,
is because I've been out of the Final Fantasy universe for so long.
I played Final Fantasy Tactics on GBA,
the Kratty Crystal Chronicles spin-offs,
and the Boring Revenant Wings game on the DS,
along with some of the mundane remakes,
but not any of the console games since Final Fantasy IX.
I really like the art style and the more fluid battle mechanics
that appears to have replaced the original turn-based system.
I also think that the mission structure fits the portability of the PSP.
I can pick up the game and play a mission for five minutes
whilst in a shop or sitting on the toilet hem,
and then can put it down again.
I had told you I keep a Neo Geo Pocket Color in the bathroom.
When I'm ready to spend time with the story,
then I can get bogged down in wasting an hour or two,
but when I'm ready.
Anyway, that's not my main point.
Accessing the PSP has been like opening a shiny door in my head.
That's nice.
What a wonderful product.
With all that functionality, it really is a media center in your pocket.
I guess it could be argued that Sony's insistence
on turning their game machines into home computers
may have been something of a flaw in their strategy,
but then this is also the first week
that I have been listening to the OLR podcast
out in the sunshine on a PSP
before catching up on other RSS feeds
that I regularly check out on my desktop PC,
which I couldn't do on my DS.
And thank you for making us your first priority this week.
There are pros and cons to any product in a competitive marketplace.
The opportunity cost of the next best alternative
will always be subjective.
However, with Nintendo's seemingly lackluster provision of mature,
and by that design I don't necessarily mean emirated,
just intelligent grown-up design versus the likes of Imagine Baby's titles,
and the lack of desire to provide choice,
Goodbye Freeloader and region-free gaming,
the historic poor strategic vision in PAL territories,
and of course the fact that we are seen to be geeks in Otaku,
I'm starting to feel marginalized by Nintendo,
who I once championed so much,
it seems ironic that in the moment of their greatest commercial success,
I find myself completely disinterested by what they have to offer.
It may have something to do with my age,
and my gaming habits,
but I am, or rather have been, a loyal customer,
and I do agree with you, and I'm not much older than you.
My girlfriend, the PSP owner,
who fits the historic profile of a traditional European gamer,
having been raised on PC and home computer gaming scene
in the late 80s and early 90s,
rather than foreign consoles, asked Kropotkin for more info,
summed it up neatly for me recently.
You were once their target market, but not anymore.
I guess it really is that simple.
What the Nintendo marketing executive said with their vision really is,
and I'm fine with that.
They are opening up gaming to a broader audience,
making it socially acceptable lifestyle activity.
You just have to look at all of those unrealistically happy generations of families
in their TV commercials to get a sense of that.
Who would have thought Granny would ever get so enthused by virtual puppies
and Sudoku puzzles whilst bonding with their grandchildren
on an expensive nuclear family vacation to an unspecified exotic location?
So why am I bothering to say anything at all?
I just want Nintendo to know that,
thanks largely to the production of the must-want titles
by their competitors and tepid treatment of their customer base,
a personal tipping point has finally been reached.
I'm in the market for a PSP Slim and a PS3 now.
My Wii is gathering dust, my DS gets the occasional play,
and I think I'm not alone.
Very interesting quote in there, something about,
you were the target audience, but not anymore.
It kind of hurts to hear, but I think your girlfriend's on to something with that.
Was that his quote or the girlfriend? I don't remember.
But whoever said that is definitely on to something.
Kind of sad, but I think something the hardcore gaming fans forget once in a while,
like, OMG, Nintendo, how could you screw us over like this?
Well, it was so much better when it was 8-bit.
Well, it's not 8-bit anymore.
We're not 13 anymore, you know?
That was the last one I'm reading.
And I'm sorry to everybody else that I skipped over, you know,
I had a shit ton of emails.
But there's always next week. Mailbag at orangeontrudy.com.
Yeah, I'm leaving the ones I haven't read as unread.
And maybe we'll post some on the forums and respond to them there, you never know.
Maybe.
We'll see.
Alright, mailbag at orangeontrudy.com if you'd like to contribute to Dark Soccer's massive emails.
There you go.
Alright, back to some gaming news, eh, Loki?
Yes. Well, let's see, there was an interesting rumor that came out this week.
About a 60GB Xbox 360 Pro model that's supposedly going to be announced at E3.
It's interesting because, you know, this is around the same time that we've been seeing retailer ads for a 20GB model being dropped down to $299.
And, of course, as usual, this is a rumor.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
And who knows if it's true.
But yeah, I guess we'll just have to wait until E3 to see if it's true.
But boy, wouldn't E3 be a really good time to announce something like this?
Yeah, that would be a very good time to announce something like this.
And don't you think you'd have to tell all these people in advance what you're doing and just pray the news doesn't get out there like it has been?
Yeah, that would, you know, a lot of trust in the industry there.
And, you know, it would really suck if it seems like some of these websites like Ars Technica would happen to leak an email that, you know, was sent out by Microsoft detailing exactly what they were going to be talking about at E3.
Quandary.
Yes, that's really sad.
Really sad.
But we're sure that that wouldn't happen, right?
That would never happen.
Not at all.
But, you know, hey, these Microsoft rumors, they're never true.
Well, now, something else we can either confirm nor deny, and really we're in the dark about this one, is Halo.
Here's the interesting thing. It's an article that's being run on computer and video games, that website, and it's apparently also coming from Sarcastic Gamer, which is another podcast, and their own internal quote-unquote sources.
Apparently there is a new Halo game that is going to be unveiled at E3.
Here's the thing, though. It could be Peter Jackson's game, but the interesting thing about it, it will not have the Master Chief in it.
So could the Halo franchise survive without Master Chief?
I don't know. I forgot to mention, too, as part of that story, the 20 gig model is rumored to being phased out with this price drop.
You may remember last year, I believe, when the 80 gig came out, they dropped the price of the 60 gig also for the PS3.
Same type of thing.
But we would have no idea if that is actually happening.
Yes, we would have absolutely no idea that something like that would actually be happening.
Right.
A question for our guests in the studio, since we haven't heard from you in a little bit. Could Halo work without Master Chief?
Ask someone who fucking cares.
Alright, then.
Well, they have Halo Wars, and I'm pretty sure Master Chief's not in that.
Why not?
Tell a game about Cortana.
A game centered around Cortana? Okay, maybe. Maybe. Alright, getting warmer.
Rama, any thoughts?
I could give two shits about Halo, really.
You know what would be awesome? Red vs. Blue, the game.
That'll work. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Rabble, rabble.
I would play sister.
They could do a Halo game without Master Chief, but that's like a Halloween movie without Jamie Lee Curtis.
It's just destined not to be as good. Come on. Come on.
Alright.
That broke me.
That broke you?
Yes.
Syntax error.
I think it would be with the Arbiter.
Who knows? E3, we'll find out, but I can't believe that Halo would be a franchise.
Microsoft would just like, go away into the sunset.
It'll be back one way or another. We'll see.
Well, this makes me plenty happy.
A new zombie smacking mini game is coming out called The House of the Dead EX.
It's zombie love, zombie rock, zombie bowling, zombie whacking, zombie shooting.
Zombie whacking?
Yep, some zombie love.
But it's actually, I do believe, it has a lot to use the guns or this sort of pedal that's on it, like in Time Crisis.
But it's an arcade machine, and it's also in a really cutesy, kind of bizarro, cel-shaded anime style.
It's the cel-shaded, sort of like how House of the Dead 3 was, but it's just cute.
Well, House of the Dead 3 was supposed to be cel-shaded anyway.
But it's a light gun game, and it has pedal, and it's House of the Dead EX.
Cute.
I don't think zombies and cute should ever be in the same sentence, unless you have a knot in there, but...
Yeah, I don't know.
It sounds like...
And then will Ubi Bol be basing a new movie based on that too?
No.
Where the zombies are like in love?
I'm thinking no.
I think Ubi Bol will be a zombie in the game.
Don't go there. For the love of God, don't go there.
Maybe a boss. I think he should be a boss.
There you go.
Zombies got talent, says his fan to listen to chat.
Now they're just doing all these zombie things in chat.
Well, not to sound like, as Rob put it earlier, advertising for GameTap.
But, GameTap is going to be putting up American McGee's Grimm pretty soon.
And one thing they're going to be doing that's a little bit different is that each episode will be free,
or be a free download, and remain a free download for a 24 hour period.
After that, each episode will go into GameTap's archives and be available to download individual for a yet to be determined price.
Where the fuck is Alice, by the way?
We need an American McGee game. We need Alice.
Is that not on GameTap yet? I thought it was.
I have not seen Alice on GameTap.
It's probably coming. You can bet that if this game...
They're probably waiting until like a month before or something. We'll see.
So, these will all... I guess the first one is going to debut on July 31st.
And it's going to be called A Boy Who... A Boy Learns What Fear Is.
Oh my. Sounds a little scary.
Well, changing gears here and moving on to something completely different.
You know when this music plays, the news is not going to be good, folks.
You heard that when the Sony PlayStation 3 launched, you heard all sorts of crazy shit happen.
People were getting shot up in line. People were getting the Sony PlayStation 3 stolen from them right out of their hands.
But now, kids, we have reached the lowest of the low.
And it didn't even happen in the U.S. It happened in Australia.
I thought everyone got along in Australia, but no, this is how horrible it is.
Zach Tooey... I apologize if I mispronounce that, but Zach Tooey, unfortunately, he has a form of muscular dystrophy.
And he is confined in a wheelchair for most of his life.
He was able to get something from the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
And Zach opted to get a PlayStation 3 from the Make-A-Wish Foundation, which, by the way, is a great charity.
I've helped raise money for them before. They're a wonderful, wonderful charity.
Here's the thing. The charity got him the PlayStation 3, got him the games, and this week, thieves broke into his home and stole everything.
Jewelry, appliances, PlayStation 3, and all the games.
Fuckers!
Maybe his wish was to be mugged.
I don't think so. I think, uh, this is one of those things where I would say, this country's going to hell, but, uh, unfortunately, it didn't happen here.
This world's going to hell. Congratulations, everybody.
But then again, it's Australia. We didn't see that coming.
No, no, no. There's a lot of nice people living in the land of upside-down-ness.
Yeah, you don't want to go there.
I think, yeah, don't go there, girlfriend.
All right. So, obviously, that's, uh, that's about 99 different ways of fucked up, and we will count them out for you right now.
Or at least give you our FUs of the week.
Oh, this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is...
This is fucked up!
That's Sakura.
FU to the 580. And, um, FU to the asshole.
You know, FU getting pulled over.
Snap.
I got pulled over at the, uh, Sacramento airport.
Um, first of all, I was dead tired, exhausted after having driven most of the day and wandering all over the city.
Well, all over Virginia County and Berkeley and all this.
And we talked to the AMPM there, and I had to circle back around so I could actually get back there to get some coffee.
And I ended up pulling out and going to the Garden Highway and some to the exit on the 5 going, you know, trying to find my way out.
And I got pulled over, and my tags, um, need renewing.
But they wanted to search the trunk and do all this stuff, and it turned out...
Damn!
It turned out that, um, they were looking for someone.
They were asking all of our IDs and checking everything, but they left me off in the morning.
Were they looking for someone that looks like you? Of all things?
I don't know, but it was my evil twin Skippy.
Wow.
I like how you have an evil twin named Skippy.
Skippy Sakura. Dark Skippy.
Light Sakura. It was Light Sakura.
No. But, um, but, uh, you know, one of the names for evil Sakura is Hiakeshika Sakura, which is lumber?
Does Skippy have a mustache like Evil Spock?
No.
Alright.
No!
Alright, I'm sorry. Anything else Dark Sakura?
Yes!
Okay.
You didn't give me a ticket. I got to go.
And then we heard, we heard, uh, a sort of, uh, yelling fight at the Chevron station, which was stupid.
Nice.
I said, man, people, if you're going to argue with somebody and talk shit, no one else cares to hear your fucking nonsense.
Go keep it to yourselves or talk somewhere like civil human beings and say,
That bitch!
You know.
Be civil.
Be mature.
I'm sorry. Game Guru corrected me. Evil Spock had a beard, not a mustache.
Sorry, nerd Trekkie. I'm just kidding.
So rude.
But, but, but, but, but, also, also one last thing.
A semi-F you to the ending of Doctor Who.
The season ending of Doctor Who.
Because it was sort of a cop-out.
And it was, as a, as a fangirl, I did have my fangasm, and I'm sorry.
I want to look as good as Liz Sladen when I am 60 years old.
Because that woman is gorgeous.
But, um, but it was, it was, it was a bit of happy at the end.
Just a little cop-y-outy.
Just a little cop-y-outy.
But I'm wondering, there's two people who are, I don't want to spoil it.
I don't want to spoil it. I'm not gonna.
Just, ahhh!
Fangirlism.
Next.
Um, let's see.
I would have said F you to, um, programming.
But I don't have reason to do that anymore.
Um, so I'm gonna say F you to my car being in the shop still.
Um, unfortunately the, I guess, thermostat housing is, um, busted and leaking coolant.
So I took it in on the 4th of July.
And, um, unfortunately the dealership was closed.
And they were unable to fix it.
So now I have to wait for my car until Monday when the dealership is open.
Because that's, um, the only place that has a part.
So that sucks.
Even though I could have driven my car, you know, leaking coolant, as I've been doing.
Ah, it might not have been, it might not have been fun.
It was alright, but, you know, um, I just want to get it fixed.
Alright, let's keep the F yous moving.
I'm gonna make mine quick.
F you to drama.
F you to unnecessary drama.
It's sad.
Makes me pain in places I didn't know I had.
Rama!
Which rhymes with drama.
Rama drama.
But that should be a podcast you should do.
Rama drama.
Rama does not rhyme with drama.
I know, I'm just, in my real ghetto, don't know how to speak thing.
Okay, drama llama rama.
I'm going to let that one slide.
You should have a podcast where you just talk about drama in the cosplay world.
I bet it's hilarious.
Oh, I do slip some in there from time to time.
Alright, F yous of the week.
I need to stop.
F yous of the week.
First, F you to people who have made my vacation a living hell that started off.
I don't need to hear from you.
Leave me alone.
Second F you to Continental Airlines.
Yes, my friend will help me out, but still, I don't want to be stuck in Texas for nine hours.
Okay?
At George Bush?
Yeah.
What the hell?
And your luggage went to New Orleans, which sounds so much like Sacramento.
But your luggage did come back from its early Mardi Gras, like Saw said.
Yeah, but the thing is, when I opened up the bag, there was no tequila, no alcohol, no nothing.
That's an evil bag.
Or boobs.
Exactly, not even beads.
I mean, really.
All there was was, you know, parts of Hurricane Katrina and...
Boo, too soon.
No, dude, no.
Alright, Dark Tetsuya.
Ah, fuck this heat.
Oh my god.
Yeah, fuck the heat.
I'm dying.
I am dying, too.
Oh, sorry.
Oh.
You gotta give him nice, loud, hearty, fuck the heat.
Sorry, yeah.
Fuck this heat.
There you go.
A little better.
Alright.
Yeah, I'll second the fuck you to the heat.
I'll second the fuck you to drama.
Fuck you to Ubisoft for not making sure that a game works before they push it out the door.
Speaking of, of course, Ghost Recon, Assault Warfighter 2, which decides to crash as soon as I load a level.
FU not being able to drive yet, not being able to learn to drive yet, because of this heat.
Because the car is way too fucking hot by the time I get in it, and it's been driven in a while, so fuck that shit.
And just fuck waiting around for people to look at resume shit.
Driving me crazy.
Alright.
That's gonna do it for the FUs of the Week.
It was kinda long tonight, but we had a lot of angst here in studio, which makes up for some of the weeks past where we didn't have that much angst.
So there you have it.
But now we need to change the tone here in studio a little bit, because we got Match Game coming up, so I need something a little bit lighter fare.
And believe it or not, of all people, I'm gonna turn to Jamie for something a little lighter fare.
Death, death, blood, shit, and puke.
Not helping.
And cornflakes.
Okay. In actual news, I really have to give it to the male population of Canada, because there is a study that has come out, a survey actually that Microsoft put out, wondering how many, well out of a thousand gamers in Canada, how many of them play naked?
And this is something we really needed to know.
This was like, you know, scientifically sensitive, you know, we need to know this information.
17% of men game naked, and 9% of women game naked.
Like all the time, or just have once in a while? Or like have before?
I don't know, but get plastic wrap for your controller, please.
So here's my question.
They say this about Canadian gamers, but I'm wondering if it's true about American gamers.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. I'm wondering something here.
I wonder if the people who took the survey counted, say, taking a handheld into the bathroom as gaming naked.
I don't know about that.
It's a valid question. It's a valid question.
Okay, outside of the handheld in the bathroom, who has ever game naked? Darkside, have you ever game naked?
Yes, I have.
Do you remember what game?
Well, first of all, I was running a fever of 103.
Okay.
It probably wasn't DDR.
No, it was actually Super Mario 3, I think. No, it was before that.
I think it was Top Gun.
Nice.
Loki, have you ever game naked?
I always game naked under my clothes.
No, really? No, really?
No, no, I haven't.
Okay, so we're 50% so far.
Romba, ever game naked?
Normally my lawyer would tell me not to answer, but yeah.
And it was Dance Dance Revolution.
That's the limit, no.
Here's the thing. Here's the thing. Me too.
Wait.
When I was done, there was a bunch of fangirls outside wanting my autograph with the other pen.
I didn't do it in a public setting.
I'm sorry?
You have to try it.
I was in my own house. I didn't know the window. I wasn't looking.
Close the shades.
Alright, alright.
I denied a fangirl what they wanted.
Drew?
Drew?
To make them want it more.
Drew, have you ever game nude?
I have to say, with all confidence, I have not. I don't plan to.
I've lied naked in the bed playing PSP.
Alright.
Dark Tetsuya?
I know.
But here, look at that.
I just want to say, out of the studio, even though we're including men and women because dark soccer is here,
three of us have game nude, three of us have not.
That means 50% of Americans have game naked, so take that Canada.
That's why you can never trust a poll.
Take that.
The numbers are manipulated by the ones who ask the questions.
Alright. Anyhow, so there you have it.
Have you ever read a book in the bathroom?
Have you ever read a book in the bathroom?
Now that we've thoroughly grossed out the chat room, Shadow Slider says, game naked. What kind of poll was this?
That's my thoughts exactly. Why did this need to be asked?
Why does Microsoft care?
Are they trying to do naked fun games?
GameGrew asks, is Jess wearing underwear?
I vote for more naked fun games.
I'm all for naked Twister.
Naked is naked.
Naked is just naked.
It's just naked.
People are too bent up.
Actually, this is actually sort of one of the things we talked about in my massage school,
about working on people's gluteal muscles.
Don't be afraid. It's just a butt. You've got one too.
And if they fart, they fart.
I've had people fart on the table, Rob, and one of those people is in this room.
Nice. Alright.
I'm not naming names.
Let's go to, while the comedy is still going here on Orange Launch Radio,
let's go to one of our favorite segments here on Orange Launch Radio.
That's right, guys. It's time for the OLR Match Game.
And in order to play the match game tonight, we need contestants.
So, folks in chat, if you want to play match game tonight,
say me once and only once.
If you say it more than once, you're disqualified.
You just say me period or no period.
Nothing else besides that.
If you'd like to play match game in our chat tonight, just say me.
While I introduce tonight, celebrities playing tonight's match game.
If you've never heard the match game before,
it's just like the old school game show, which is coming back, by the way.
Which I heard the news recently.
Oh, that's hardcore. That's awesome.
It already did. It starts like in a few weeks on Comedy Central.
Awesome. Well, joining us tonight for OLR Match Game,
we have the one and only man right here from New York City.
Say hello to DJ Ronda S.
Hi, I'm DJ Ronda S. This is my first day of being sober.
Oh, sorry. This is not AA.
All right.
Say hello as well to Dark Tetsuya is here,
the man that actually updates at orangelandradio.com once in a while.
Yes, sir.
All right. There he is.
Hard working as ever.
And also joining us tonight, Intern Drew.
Yo, what's up?
All right.
Loki is here as well.
Yes, I am.
And Dark Sakura.
Yo.
And me.
That's six opportunities to match tonight.
Huge celebrity panels. Everybody's got something they can write with
or think their answer is at least in their head.
Okay, good.
All right.
Rama, since you're our out-of-town visitor,
pick a number between one and 15.
Seven.
All right. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Rapid Slasher is going to be our chatter tonight.
If I didn't count that exactly, too bad.
So I'm going to say, are you there?
Make sure he can send me a private message.
Otherwise, he's cute.
All right.
So we have Rapid Slasher playing in chat tonight
if he responds to my message.
Let's get somebody on the Skype line.
He's got to play against somebody on the telephone.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
So now I have to type to Rapid Slasher.
Stand by to play.
Happy face.
All right.
Skype line is open.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
If you want to challenge Rapid Slasher in tonight's OLR match game.
And let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, who's this on Orange Lounge Radio?
GS68, but it says...
Are you there?
It's GS68.
Hi, GS68.
Can you hear us OK?
Yep.
All right.
Sounds good.
Well, GS68, welcome.
Are you ready to play the match game against Rapid Slasher?
Yep.
All right.
Are you going to kick his ass?
Well, I don't know how long he's been listening.
All right.
Well, here it is.
Do you know how to play GS68?
You know how the match game works?
Yep.
So I'm going to explain anyway.
We're going to read a sentence or a phrase, some type of topical sentence or phrase.
Somewhere in the phrase there will be a blank.
OK?
And it will be your job to match our celebrity panel here in studio with the best answer.
OK?
And you'll be playing against Rapid Slasher who will be submitting his answers in chat.
OK?
Sound good?
Yes.
You ready to play?
All right.
Three questions tonight.
Here is the first question.
Here it is.
This past Tuesday was Canada Day!
Happy Canada Day to all our Canadian Lizards!
This past Tuesday was Canada Day!
To celebrate Canada Day, Rob decided that he would play all his games in the nude for
that day.
The first game he played was blank.
To celebrate Canada Day, Rob decided that he would play all his games in the nude for
that day.
The first game he played was blank.
Celebrity panelists thinking about their answers.
Ding, ding, ding.
Dangia68 says, ding.
Did everybody ding?
All right.
Hold on. I'm thinking of my answer.
I have my answer actually.
Okay.
All right. So did everybody ding?
Here in studio? Anyone still thinking?
We're waiting on RapidSlasher. He's got to send me an answer.
Send me
an
answer. And if you want to help our players out,
you can always answer in the chatroom.
chat.orangewonchradio.com
So if RapidSlasher hasn't thought of anything,
you should take one of the
chatroom answers.
Let me turn down the music there. It was a little loud there. Sorry about that.
All right.
Still waiting on RapidSlasher.
If you can hear me,
sir, please hurry up.
Did he leave?
Is he still there? Oh, oh.
All right. There we go. We got an answer. All right.
Here we go.
GS68.
This past Tuesday was Canada
Day. To celebrate Canada Day, Rob
decided that he would play all his games in the
nude for that day. The first game he played
was?
The Guardian Legend. The Guardian Legend,
says GS68. The Guardian
Legend. All right. And RapidSlasher said
the first game he
played was Guitar Hero.
All right. So we have The Guardian
Legend, Guitar Hero. Let's see if we've matched anyone
on the panel. Rama S. What did
you say? Or is it just Rama now?
Just Rama. Oh, sorry. Rama
no S. The first game he
played was? I said
Rez. Rez.
Oh, Trans Vibrators?
Yes or no?
Oh, hell yes. Oh, hell yes. All right.
Can I get a hell yeah? All right. No comment.
There it is, Rez. DarkTetsuya,
the first game he played was? I also
said Rez. Rez!
Two people saying Rez in the studio. All right.
The first game he played was?
Imagine Babies.
That's just wrong.
That's very wrong. All right.
Loki. So 0-0 so far.
Sorry GS68. Let's see if we get a match on Loki.
Loki, the first game he played was? I said
MapleStory because, you know,
it's Canada Day, so
Maple.
Boo.
Where's that Price is Right losing noise?
All right.
No, just kidding, Loki. That was funny.
DarkSakura. You didn't say video game.
No, I didn't say video game.
I said Whack-A-Mole.
Whack-A-Mole.
Wow.
All hail DarkSakura.
Wow.
Uh-uh.
You haven't heard my answer yet.
All right.
So my answer this past
Tuesday was Canada Day. Did I say
Guitar Hero or Rez, or not Rez,
Guitar Hero or Guardian Legend? Let's see.
To celebrate Canada Day, Rob decided that he would
play all his games in the nude for that day.
The first game he played was
BeatMania.
That was my second choice.
Hello.
BeatMania.
2DX.
Right Side Pride, yo.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
That's not right.
That explains the firm handshake.
All right.
There you have it.
Welcome to the match game.
All right.
GS68, I'm sorry, it's still 0-0.
Are you ready to match
on this next one? Yes.
All right, GS68 says yes. Here we go.
Next question.
Loki recently
confessed to a big crime.
He
was the one that hacked PlayStation.com.
When
the police asked him to confess,
he confessed. Yes, I
did it. I hacked PlayStation.com
because the website
didn't have enough blank.
Fucking ding.
Loki hacked PlayStation.com
and said yes, I did it. I hacked
PlayStation.com because the website didn't
have enough blank. Ding.
We're done.
I'm still thinking.
Um, dang.
You should already have this since you wrote this question.
Yeah, that doesn't mean I have an answer.
Name this question
in the form of a walrus.
All right, I'm
going for that one. All right.
It sounds like everybody's dinged.
Oh, I didn't copy paste the question to RapidSlasher.
Shit, he's probably still thinking.
Bad host, no cookie.
Please
hurry.
Because I'm slow that time. All right.
Back with the music. Well, RapidSlasher,
thanks. Loki recently confessed to a big
crime. He was the one that hacked PlayStation.com.
When the police asked him
to confess, he confessed. Yes, I did it.
I hacked PlayStation.com because the website
didn't have enough. All right, we got
an answer from RapidSlasher. So,
GS68, the website didn't
have enough pylons.
Cylons.
Oh, pylons.
Sorry, I thought he was going for an old O-L-R in jokes.
Pylons. Didn't have enough pylons.
RapidSlasher said it didn't have
enough tits.
Old standby answer. All right,
there we go. So, pylons and tits.
Rama, the website did not
have enough prawn.
Prawn.
Not a match with tits. Not a match with tits.
Prawn is not tits.
Prawn is wannabe tits. All right.
Darktitsuya, the website didn't have enough
Iraqi suicide
babies. Iraqi suicide
babies, says Darktitsuya.
Drew, by the
way, for those that are new to the O-L-R,
Iraqi suicide babies, like that's a match game joke
dating back to like episode 30.
All right. Drew,
the website did not construct
additional pylons. Oh,
pylons. Wow, that's a match. I don't get the joke.
What's the joke? It's a Starcraft joke.
Oh, my God.
The guy that made the over 9,000
oh, my God. All right.
Well, shit, that's a match. Congratulations.
GS68 is on the board with a point. That's a
match for pylons. All right. Loki,
the website did not have enough
cleavage. Cleavage. Is that
a match with tits, judges? No, because
cleavage is the... It's
a match.
It's a match. I will say a half
point. A half point for rapid slasher.
A half point. A half point for
rapid slasher. Hey, S, I am the only person in this room
that possesses said substance.
All right.
There you go. DarkSakura, he
didn't have enough fuck?
PlayStation.com didn't have enough
fuck?
All right.
Needs
meat making fuck about
Resurka. All right, and my answer,
the website didn't have enough
Iraqi suicide babies.
I also went with the old stand by OLR joke.
All
right, could have gotten you two points, but there you have it.
All right. One more
question. A chance for rapid slasher to
take over the lead. Are you worried, GS68?
No.
I think
that was a no. It was very quiet. All right.
Here we go. Question number
three, and it's the last one, so
your last chance to make
a lot of points. Here we go.
The question is,
Jamie is very happy
to finally see an evil
woman robot appear in the new
Mega Man game. However,
she was very disappointed to hear about the name.
Splash Woman,
she exclaimed, screw that.
If I made an evil robot,
it would be Blank Woman.
Ding.
Jamie was very happy to see an evil woman
robot appear in the new Mega Man game,
but she doesn't like the name Splash Woman. She said,
if I had an evil robot, it
would be Blank Woman.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
All right.
I'm waiting for rapid slasher's
answer. Everybody in the studio good to go?
Everybody in the studio looks good.
We're just waiting on our
chatter.
Whistling.
Chatter, if you need help,
there's tons of answers in chat right now.
I like some of
these answers. By the way, some of the
answers we have for the previous one,
on the website,
website didn't have enough eye
of judgment, worthwhile
content,
porn, hentai,
super bacon, website
didn't have enough shots, that's a good one, that would have been a good one.
All right, and then the
other one, the first game I was going to play
naked, Captain Commando.
I like that one, says
Shauran. Boom Blox,
Texas Hold'em.
All right,
it looks like we have an answer from
Rapid Slasher, so GS68,
you have to answer first because you're on the phone.
If I made an evil robot,
her name would be...
Dick Woman.
Sorry, say that one more time?
Dick Woman.
Did I hear that right? Dick Woman.
All right.
All right, Dick Woman.
I think that might defeat the point of being a woman, but we'll see.
You never know. All our listeners have come up with
crazier things and matched.
Rapid Slasher says if I made an evil robot, it would be
Ferret Woman.
All right, getting a little warmer
I think. Let's see, Ferret Woman
and Dick Woman. Rama,
if I made an evil robot, says
Dark Soccer, the name would be...
I said Guinness Woman.
Guinness Woman.
Very well done. Very well done.
That's a good one. All right, Dark Tetsuya, her name would be...
A bit cliche, but
Bionic Woman. Bionic Woman.
Why not? Her name is Jamie Summers. Why not?
Good answer. Good answer. All right,
Drew, the name would be...
Ferret Woman. Ferret Woman. Oh my
gosh, a match. And with that,
Rapid Slasher takes the lead to
one and a half versus one. All right,
let's see. Loki,
the evil robot's name would be...
Bitch, get back in the kitchen and make me dinner.
Woman.
I don't think Dark
Sakura would actually say that. I think it might
be wrong, but I...
Whoa, we...
Uh oh, we just had Crash Bang Boom
live in the studio. That's all right.
Man down. I heard Broken
Glass. That can't be good.
Uh oh, what?
Oh, fun. That's all right.
Dark Sakura.
Wow, that's crazy. Did you hear that on Justin
TV? That's something else. Dark Sakura, her name
would be... Woman. She doesn't
need anything else.
That's all you need to know.
That would be pretty
evil.
All right, I got the finger.
All right, here it is in my answer. Here it is.
If I said Dick Woman, then GS68
wins. My answer,
if I made an evil robot,
her name would be... Sniper
Woman. Sniper Woman.
Which, unfortunately, is not a match, which means
Rapid Slasher wins
in a narrow victory of one and a half to
one. GS68,
I'm sorry you're the loser
tonight. So, uh,
is there any final words you have?
I am already...
Oh, sorry, you get hung up on because you lost.
All right. Hey, that's what the
losers get. I'm sorry. Poned.
Oh, come on. GS68's been on the show a
million times. Nothing, nothing there.
He knows the rules. Rapid Slasher,
if you have anything you want to plug,
send me a private message and I will
plug it. As the winner, you get to plug
whatever you want. Meanwhile, Loki's
going to get to the next story while I assess the
damage. Yes. Of the party
foul. Uh, there is another
rumor of a game coming out now
for, I believe, the PSP.
And, uh, this would make
sense, um, since,
well, they've had other
similar collections on the PSP
as well. It is the Star
Soldier collection. It's supposed to
contain, um,
four different Star Soldier games,
including Star Soldier,
um, let's see,
Final Soldier and
Soldier Blade. And
one other one, um, oh,
Super Star Soldier, I guess, as well.
So that's kind of
cool. Oh, I'm sorry. And, um,
I got this all wrong here.
Super Star Soldier, Final Soldier, Soldier Blade,
and Star Parodia.
Star Parodia?
And it would retail, I guess,
in Japan for, uh, 2940 yen,
which is less than, uh,
30 dollars US.
I do want this. Star Parodia is, like,
the best game ever. Haven't, like, done
Star Parodia on a classic
game? Uh, possibly.
I think you did one form of Parodius or another.
I don't know if it was that specific one. No, it's not Parodius. It has nothing to do with Parodius.
My bad. Star Parodia is a parody of
Star Soldier. That, I don't think you've done.
I'm all about Star Soldier myself, so
do want.
Alright. Sounds pretty awesome.
It's funny, though, because on the little screen shot that they have
or box shot or whatever it is, they have a bunch of
the Bomberman guys running around.
Alright.
I never saw RapidSlasher send, uh, something he
wanted to plug in private message, so, uh,
I guess, uh, that's that.
We'll see. Maybe after this story.
Uh, Burnout Paradise, this is
one of those games I played for a couple days and I was like,
eh, I'm over it, which is sad because
Burnout was, uh, such a fun series, but
you know, hats off to the
folks at Criterion because they keep trying to
invent new ways to make the game more fun.
Uh, granted they had a patch of theirs get pushed
back a little bit, but guess what's
coming for the next patch? This is very
interesting. Um, Criterion
is considering after this whole Cagney update
is done, they're gonna put planes
in Burnout Paradise.
Yes. Planes.
Like pilot wings. Planes.
I'd like, I'd like to see an airborne
takedown. That could be very
interesting, but I worry about
all the fan videos on YouTube we're gonna see.
I want free running to be in there.
I want people just running and then
running into other people and that,
that's what's gonna happen. They're gonna explode and
like crash. I will say though, referring
to an earlier story in the evening, um,
it would be pretty awesome to fly the
plane in Burnout Paradise, uh, with a
custom soundtrack playing Danger Zone.
It's getting ridiculous
now, seriously. Danger Zone.
Alright, maybe not. You know, Hamster. It's gonna
be Hamster and Hamster Bowl and it's, you know,
right across the street. Don't, don't
give them ideas. Please don't give them ideas.
Alright, we got one more story for
you and then the Skype line will be open
at 1877 Game OLR. Our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, but
having the last word tonight on the news,
DarkSakura. Hells yeah,
I am. Um,
one of the, uh,
I'd have to say best RPG series ever,
Let Me Untangle Myself.
It's not called Let Me Untangle Myself.
That would be a pretty fun RPG. Um,
it's a fantasy star
and they're doing a fantasy star portable.
There's a demo that is
actually, um, out, um,
uh,
let me see if I can find it. Yeah, on
the official website, I do believe, at
fantasystar.sega.jp
slash psp. Um,
that's got new characters and, uh,
some downloadable content and
the demo is going to be out on July 14th
and the game will be out on the 31st, but
that is Japan only.
Um, and it will be 301 megabytes
in size.
Sounds interesting. The demo, sorry.
Could be fun. It's supposed to be,
as I say, an extensive demo.
You can access story
mode and multi-mode.
Alright. And you can bring your, um, save data
from the demo to the final game.
Alright. I got the
plugs from Rapid Slasher before, uh,
we get to tonight's Skype line at 1-877-GAMO-LR
username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Uh, Rapid Slasher would like to plug his YouTube
channel, available at YouTube.com
slash user slash Rapid Slasher.
And I'm looking at it right now. It looks like he has a two
girls, one cup reaction video.
Oh, those are always fun. It looks like,
looks like, uh, friend is watching it
on a cell phone there or something. So there you have it.
And a video called Chewbacca, which,
um, I can only imagine what that is.
Stop it.
Rapid Slasher would also like to say, Indiana
represent, and go see Radiohead
this summer.
Radiohead. Alright.
I didn't know Radiohead was going out on tour.
They have an album out.
They have a Rainbows album. Dark Sakura, we might have to
go do that. I love Radiohead. I'm thinking that.
Except Thom Yorke is nuts.
Alright. Look, before we get to the Skype line tonight,
we have a very special late-breaking
report, like live stuff going on right now.
Um, we're going to our OLR correspondent
who's on the line. Are you there?
Yeah. How's it going, guys?
Good. Who is this?
This is DJ Tyrant. Well, hello, DJ Tyrant.
Uh, folks around these parts might
remember you from STFU,
which once aired on the Orange Lounge back when it was
a network. Yeah, that was
a lot of fun. Which feels like so long ago
now. It's so sad. But DJ Tyrant
still does some freelance stuff for us and uses
our name to get into places. So, uh,
what did you use our name to get into
this week?
Uh, I went to Anime Expo, which actually just
ended today, and I just got
home about an hour ago.
And I got to play some games that aren't
out yet. Got to check out some stuff.
Okay, first question I've got to ask.
Anime Expo gets a little bit of a bad
rap out there in the community.
I've never been, so this is not a personal
enti- That's okay, it sucks. But all I've
ever heard is it sucks. Anime sucks.
Suckspo. Anime, you know.
Does it still suck, or do you
think people might need to pay at another visit?
I think people might
need to pay at another visit, because they've restructured
a lot of the upper people,
and it seems a lot more organized
now. Did it suck as bad
as last year, as DarkSira?
Oh no, it was- it was
much improved over the last year. I heard that that thing could suck
as badly as last year has ever sucked.
Last year was pretty bad.
In order to come up, you've got to hit rock bottom
first, so there you go. Rock bottom. There it is.
Yo, how many, uh, rabid
Odon Host Club fangirls did you have to
push your way through to get to the games?
Uh, too many.
Let's talk about games. What type of video
game stuff did you see at Anime Expo?
Uh, lots and lots of fighting games,
because that seems to be pretty much 90%
of any anime video game.
Fair enough.
Were there lots of fighting games based on
animes, like any particular ones that jump out in your mind?
Uh, yeah, well, the typical
Naruto games. Namco had their
PS3 Naruto game,
and that looked really good. The graphics were really
nice on that. Um, and D3
had their Wii
Naruto fighting game, and
so that's probably not going to be
that great, because
it's on the Wii, and Wii fighting games
generally are not that great. What was that, Logan?
I was going to say, which, by the way, if you want to play the demo for the
PS3 one, you can download the second episode of
Core, and they have an
exclusive demo in there. Huh. Are you
subscribed to Core? No, but I read it. Oh, sorry.
I ain't buying that. What the hell?
It's not stupid. Sorry, Jimmy. What else
was there? Uh, I went to
actually Arc System Works
panel, which does Guilty Gear,
and they showed off
a couple trailers for some games that are
coming out. Uh, Castle Sh-
Shikigami 3, which is a Wii
title, it's, uh, another
one of those shumps. Yeah, it's, uh,
really beautiful.
And it looks a lot like
Ikaruga.
That was, like, fun. Were there any non-fighting
games there? Or was that, like, all you saw?
Um, that was all that was
pretty much playable. I mean, so Calibur IV was
playable. It looked really,
really beautiful. Wow.
Street Fighter IV? Did you get some h-
Yeah, Street Fighter IV? Uh, Street Fighter-
Capcom was not there, so Street Fighter IV was
not there. Well, tell us more about Soul Calibur IV.
Did you get some hands-on play with Soul Calibur IV? How was it?
Uh, no, I didn't,
but it looked pretty much
like a standard Soul Calibur game. I mean,
there were only three playable characters, none
of the exclusives, no Darth Vader or Yoda
or, uh, Kratos, just kidding.
Haha, funny.
Yeah, um, another one
from Arc System's work was Battle Fantasia,
which I got to spend some time with.
It's, um, another
fighting game, but it's exclusive for the
360. It'll have, uh,
Xbox Live Play coming out, I think,
September 16th, they said.
There is a PS3 version. Very similar to
Third Strike in that there's, uh,
a parry system in it.
You hit the R1 shoulder
button, and the next attack is parried.
And if you do it and there's
no attack, you, there's kind of a
cooldown from when you can attack again.
Yeah, I know there is a PS3 version
of that, because I'm actually trying to get a friend
right now who's over in Japan to import it
for me, but, um, I'm surprised
they're not localizing that. Probably paid
exclusively. Uh, yeah, that came up a lot during
their panel. Everyone was like, are you bringing it over for
a PS3? And they haven't made any
announcements yet for that.
Um, they also
showed a trailer for that, uh,
what was it? The, the
Phoenix Wright style game that Jack
Hunter, and that was
kind of funny to see that, because it looks
almost exactly like, uh,
Phoenix Wright. Did you see, uh,
Blue Blaze Calamity Trigger?
Yeah, I saw the game, and
the line was just huge for it. And it
looks very similar to,
uh, the Guilty Gear XX series.
Um, has the same style of gameplay.
And,
um, there's a blocking system in it
that I, I got to check it out.
And on that top bar, if you
played Street Fighter Alpha 3,
there's a, there's a guard meter where you can
only guard so much. Um,
and it's separate in that game, but in this game,
both people share it, so I can see
some strategies playing out because of that.
I, I'm a little surprised that you didn't
see more, like, RPGs,
MMOs from little companies,
and all that kind of stuff at all. I, I saw
a ton of the little MMOs, I mean,
uh, MapleStory, um,
they got me to sign up for that. I'll
check it out. Sucker. Probably.
Yeah. Well, they gave me $10
in free, uh, um,
nickel and
dime-ing DLC or whatever it is.
Was it worth selling your soul?
I, I hadn't sold my soul yet.
Alright.
Yet. Keyword. Alright.
Uh, Jimmy, before we
let you go, we gotta know, thank you for giving us
the fill on what we miss on Anime Expo, but I gotta know,
best cosplay and
worst cosplay? Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy, uh,
my favorite cosplay
is probably a Captain Falcon that looks
pretty, pretty darn good.
I thought it was pretty funny. Nice.
Um, worst cosplay?
Um, any of the, the females
that really didn't need to be
in skimpy outfits?
Oh, god. There you have it.
I mean, you have that at every con, though, so,
I don't know. Alright.
It's just not appealing.
Alright. David Hader's awesome.
I assume that no cosplayers got
shot being in LA?
No. I don't know why everyone assumes that.
I'm shocked.
Alright, well, uh, DJ Tyrant,
I'll see you at BlizzCon. We're in a nicer area.
Yeah, definitely. It'll be a blast.
It will. Alright. Take care,
Jimmy. Thanks, guys. Take care.
Thanks for being on the show.
Alright, we like hearing from Jimmy, and I'm glad he has a place
to come on and talk, sadly, because STFU
is no more. It's sad.
But there is, uh, STFU is kind of combined
now. You know, you got half of STFU.
You got DMN, and you got Travis Donovan.
They do a show together here on
All Games Radio. It's Understation Live. It airs
Saturday nights, and it was the show I started on
years ago, and Dark Soccer was a guest
like 50 million times.
So, there you have it. Alright, if you want to give us a call,
1-877-GAME-OLR, and
it's already ringing. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is the
other New Yorker, SSJ100 Matt.
Well, hello, SSJ100 Matt, and you see
I switch shirts during the break.
I don't know if you're looking to just TV right now, but I've got
the I Heart NY shirt on right now,
just for you cats. There you go.
Yo, what's up, Matt? Yeah, if I got a Sharpie,
I can write IN BED underneath it.
Yeah, yeah.
The whole town. No, what's on your mind, SSJ100 Matt?
What was that?
What is on your mind tonight?
Nothing. I'm
pretty hyped up about, uh, the greatest game
ever made, uh,
um, well, according not
to you, and not according to you,
but, uh, Chrono Trigger.
Chrono, no, you're right, not according to me,
but I still think it's pretty darn good, and, uh,
you know, not even as good as some of the Final Fantasy
games I've played, but that's alright.
Even I will probably get the
Chrono Trigger remake on DS. There was this, like,
collective explosion of fan
gasm on the internet this week when that was announced.
That was pretty crazy. So, uh,
it's just like my Live Journal friends list exploded,
and I'm sure people's Twitters, uh,
blew themselves up as well. Um,
what would you, as a Chrono Trigger,
um, fan, uh,
really want to see in this, uh,
new DS version, Matt?
Well, I assume, you know, it's gonna
be based on, like, the SNES
version, but, um, I think, you know, just
keep everything the way it was,
and, uh, I think they said they were gonna
add more dungeons and online
play. That's fine with me.
So, I mean, I beat the game
10,000 times
since it's come out, so...
What would you have thought, Matt, if
it turned out that this game was a 3D remake
in the same vein as Final Fantasy 3 and
Final Fantasy 4? Would you have been a little scared, or what?
I probably would have been a little scared,
and I probably still would have bought it.
Still would have bought it, just to
support Chrono Trigger, but a little
bit apprehensively.
You know, maybe if we buy, if we each
buy 50 copies, they'll make, uh, Radical
Dreamers, or some sort of
dream on. Yeah, dream
on with that one. You never know. You never know.
Stranger things have happened, so there you have it.
Well, I, um, I
have my fingers crossed that Chrono Trigger
will do the fans justice. I have not
played the game in so long. I haven't played Chrono Trigger
since I was a kid, so it'll be fun to revisit
that series. You know what, it's good
because, you know, a lot of the younger
generation who, like, were born in the 90s,
they'll actually get a chance to play this, because, you know,
I'm sure there's plenty of people in the chat room
who've never played it before, so...
I am kinda curious, though, how the whole two-screen
thing's gonna work. I'm very curious
to see what they do with that, so, uh, we'll be waiting
for, uh, some more screenshots and stuff.
If they make it 3D, they better do it justice.
They're not. It's Sprite. It's old-school
Sprite. Alright.
Well, Matt, thank you so much for calling in. Any other last words
you wanna say real quick?
Well, yeah, two things. Um, when, when are you guys
coming out to New York again?
Tough to say.
I'm gonna aim for the spring,
because I do wanna see my friend that lives out there.
It's not gonna happen for digital life. I'll tell you that much
just because of Penny Arcade Expo and everything else.
But I'm gonna aim for spring.
That's cool.
So, we'll see.
What's the second thing?
Uh, this is for, uh, dark to see you.
Sir?
Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe.
What?
Wait a minute. When have I heard that before?
Sounds familiar. Alright.
Later, Matt. For that, you get hung up on it.
Alright.
1-877-GAME-OLR
username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
We've got room for about, how long are we running this?
Ooh, shit, we're almost to an hour and a half.
Maybe, like, one more call on the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio.
1-877-GAME-OLR
username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
Sack anime a little closer to home
last week of August. Be there.
Oh, it's, it's Penny Arcade Expo.
Same weekend. Can't do it. Sorry, guys.
Sorry.
Fine. I'll go.
They do, like, five sack animes a year.
They do two.
There seems like there's a con at the Masonic Center every month.
They have two sack animes a month
and, sorry, two sack animes a year
and four sack animes a month.
I wish. And, uh,
four smaller sack comic cons
a year. Alright.
Thank you for the local news.
Do it. I love Sunrise Mall. That's awesome. Alright.
Here we go. Look. We'll stop, stop with the local chat.
Let's talk to somebody on the Skype line. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, hi. Um.
I spaced out there for a sec. This is Golden Banjo.
That's alright. The heat is making us spacey, too,
but it's starting to cool off a little bit, thank God.
Actually, it's not as bad over here in New England
and New Hampshire, but
I feel bad for you guys.
That's alright. You guys have to deal with humidity.
At least we don't have that. Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
Um, well, actually,
I'm one of those Chrono Trigger people
and, uh, well, once again,
I know you might not be as crazy about it.
I don't actually even know
much about the game and I know
that I have to play it.
So, that just goes to show you.
How old are you, if you don't mind me asking?
No, that's fine.
I'm about 16, so.
See, I think that's what it is. So, you were probably,
like, when these games first came out, God, if I was, like,
16 when those games came out, then you were, like,
one or two when those games first came out.
God, I'm old.
I think that's the whole thing that Matt was saying earlier,
is that this will really allow a whole new generation
to experience it, which is kind of cool.
So, it's kind of interesting. They're not changing
a whole lot and modernizing it, but I guess with the classic,
you don't have to. I mean, you don't modernize old movies.
Then again, sometimes Turner
colorizes them and all that stuff.
But, yeah, it'll be interesting.
And I don't hate Chrono Trigger by any means.
Just because I didn't name it my favorite game of all time
doesn't mean I hate it.
There's other games I like a little more,
but I also really like Chrono Trigger
quite a bit and I respect it as
a great RPG game.
So, no hatin' in this camp.
No hatin'.
And to the new generation, do it or I'll come over the
internet and kick your ass.
New generation, ugh.
So old.
Go Banjo, anything else you want to share with
our listeners tonight?
No, I just wanted to call in and say that real quick.
Alright.
Alright, that's pretty much it.
Have a good night, guys.
You too, have fun with Chrono Trigger DS whenever it comes out.
Probably will be the hardest.
Okay, I'm definitely looking forward to that.
Call back and let us know what you think, young whippersnapper.
Okay, you too.
Alright, get off my lawn.
He hung up. Okay, bye.
Alright, nice.
Very nice. Alright, we're gonna
go ahead and close up the Skyblind for tonight
so we can close out the rest of the show.
Big sorry and boo-hoo to those of you
who didn't get through, but please try again next week.
Quickly, before we close out tonight, some last
minute stories. Dark Soccer, you have anything
tonight? Sometimes you have some tidbits
for us? It's hot.
Yes, Hot Garage is very hot, but thankfully
it's cool. It's getting a little more bearable in here now.
Loki, any last minute stories
from you tonight?
I've
never really been looking at
stories, unfortunately, because I've been too busy
working on stuff.
Let's see here.
Trying to see if there was anything we missed.
Real quick.
I tried to hit on all the big stuff tonight. I don't think there was anything we missed.
Yeah. I hope not.
I'll be sad.
Oh, I know one thing that we didn't talk about.
They're actually...
I'm not sure if this is really headway, you'd really
call it, but someone's gotten
homebrewed run a little bit
on a PS3 using
Swap Magic.
And apparently they had
an elf loader on there that
they were able to run
a Genesis emulator.
So that's kind of
interesting. On what now?
It's a program called Swap Magic.
It was like one of those things to run
on PlayStation 3.
You know, run, I guess, burn games
and stuff like that, or region-free stuff
on the PlayStation 2, but they
ran it on the PlayStation 3
and were able to play a Genesis emulator on there.
I mean, sure, you could run Linux
or something like that on your
other operating system on that and
easily run games that way, but
that's not as fun.
So, that was one thing that was
kind of interesting.
Let's see.
Also, the
Wrath of the Lich King beta signups
are open.
Don't tell people because I want the key.
Well, actually, speaking of
things we missed, if you were
an UruLive fan,
a Missed Online fan,
on GameTap, they are pulling
that, the publishers are taking it back
and apparently going to revive the community.
Oh, good for them.
That's good. There was definitely a community
behind it.
There you have it.
We've got some other things here real quick.
Bomberman is coming to
the iPhone with Bomberman Touch,
which is interesting.
And
also,
I guess a game, the UK
retailer is going
to start publishing some independent games.
Which is
weird. That's interesting to have a retailer
doing that at the front like that.
Exclusives. Can you say exclusives?
And Sony, I guess, is putting out
another game that's going to be
coming out in
September, called Aqua.
And it's
a sequel to Aquanauts
Holiday, which is sort of
like Endless Ocean on the Wii.
So think of Africa, but under the sea.
And it looks
pretty cool, actually.
Also, there is a rumor that
Golf T it Up is
supposed to be coming to Xbox Live Arcade
next week. Whatever the hell that's
supposed to be. But apparently it has its
Xbox.com page now, so
that's on there. As well as, I guess,
Pirates vs Ninja's
Dodgeball. About time.
And then there's also a Guitar Hero
homebrew game that's supposed to be coming out
towards the
end of August, August 20th.
It's called Video Game Hero.
Two of the tracks that they have on there,
Eye of the Tiger and Inspector Gadget.
It's the Inspector
Gadget theme, which both of them
sound kind of like
very midi
sounding. But
the game uses the touch screen
or the directional buttons. It's kind of
like Oda Jam, almost.
Which would be something else good to bring to the
DS. Very interesting.
Alright. Well, that's going to do it
for Last Minute Stories tonight, and we're about
ready to wrap up the show. So, guys,
thank you so much for coming to the show tonight and being here.
And we'll start off with the final thoughts.
Intern Drew, you have a final thought?
Can we wrap up the show in an air-conditioned
box? We can try.
Alright. Dartitsuya, any final thoughts?
One second.
Uh-oh.
What the hell is that?
Nice.
That little
keychain thing.
Rama,
your final thought?
It's a Cyberman. You were wrong.
It's a Cyberman.
Rama, your final thought?
Google Maps on my phone with
GPS has been making me uber geek
this entire weekend.
Geek. Nerd.
Damn proud of it.
My final thought is...
um...
hot. Dark Sakura.
Exterminate the heat.
Loki.
Hot chair is hot.
Alright.
That's going to do it for another episode of
Orange Laundry. Thanks so much for tuning in to us.
And remember, hey, we braved the heat.
We do this every week for
you guys, the listeners, for free.
We don't get anything from doing this, contrary to popular
belief. Nothing. We don't get paid by all games
or none of that. It's
all completely free for you guys. All we ask,
guys, if you enjoy our show, tell somebody.
Spread the word. Tell two friends about
the show. Post a nice review on iTunes.
Put something in your signature or something.
That's all we ask. And a lot of you have done that.
Thank you guys so much for that.
And thanks to that, independent
internet radio will continue to live on.
We suffer for your entertainment.
Do it.
For another 286 episodes,
we hope. Unless we pass out first.
So until next week,
pray for a
rainstorm or some windstorms,
and we'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
Right, anyway.
See you next week.
