Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roto!
Tonight, July 27th, 2008, will some Nintendo controllers soon be banned,
is an official HaloCon in the near future,
and a PC gaming service has gone free!
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet,
and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet, dedicated to video games,
video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always,
say hello to the one and only, the lovely, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Tron, tron, tron, tron, tron, tron, tron, tron, tron, tron.
So I can see what you're excited about out of Comic Con.
Happy, happy, happy.
So what is this, they're making a new Tron?
Yes.
Just Tron 2, is all you need to be saying.
And Jeff Bridges is in it.
Yeah, I saw that in the trailer.
And he looks evil.
What was up with that trailer though,
like somebody shot it with a camera phone like a million miles away.
Yeah, but someone else went back in and tried to zoom in
and clean it up and get it looking as good as possible,
so you can actually see some more stuff in it.
Are they that strict with cameras at Comic Con?
I mean, I would think with millions of people.
That's Disney's panel.
Yeah.
I would think that Disney would want to keep it
Well you okay remember any at one of the last t3s that we went to when Kingdom Hearts 2 came out
Mm-hmm Disney wouldn't let anything be filmed when a vista vista would hmm remember yeah, yeah
Yeah, I remember that so I would use that as sort of a past precedent
Yeah, but still what are they gonna do? There's like thousands of people at Comic Con
You know what I mean especially in those panels as far as I can tell though this this cell phone video was the only thing
That I've seen
So interesting well whatever they're doing it works, but I've never been to Comic Con
Maybe next year. I'm going next year the one and only me Glatov. You've probably heard on this show
He was a comic-con. He was giving me calls pretty much every day
He got his picture with Siler and just had to rub it in my face
He's a jerk intensely
Wasn't he sort of stalking him for a little while yeah kind of
All right speaking of jerks say hello to tech master Loki
Just kidding
Hey, I'm doing fine. Were you just watching a little preview because I was reading up on it
But you know I didn't know that they actually had filmed it of course you have to assume that
Anything that says do not film someone's gonna film it so exactly exactly especially something is
Widely anticipated is that yeah, so hey just think about it
It'll make a great video game except then again. There was a Tron 2.0 stop anybody do very well
I think there's they should go ahead and try again
There's a better the freeware
or share where a
Light cycle game out though on the internet that someone did and Dan was playing it for a while. It's really really good cool
I remember surround on the Atari 2600 that was just light cycles well remember that
Anyhow if you want to join us in our chat room
We are live in the chat room on this lovely Sunday evening that we're taping July the 27th of 2008 on episode number
289 of our podcast damn world
chat that orange launch radio comm is the place to be if you want to
join in with the chat, and I'm just trying to look at some of the comments in chat right now and
Some people are just kind of making fun of the whole do not copy policy
And all that stuff and some people are commenting about how during the previous show the Bobby Black Wolf show on all games radio
Loki could not contain his foul mouth on the family programming that was a Bobby Black Wolf show
Some people in there commenting on that if you want to hear that you got to listen to Bobby show though
He's available at all games calm
Click on Bobby Black Wolf show
Alright, let's get into um. How was your gaming week?
We always start off the show talking about our gaming weeks, so how was your gaming week Dark Sakura after the response who?
Ronchon real quick sure he said he handed me he who shall not be named us still beating heart
But that means you'd have to have a heart first
Instead of a lump of coal nice like some like the evil Smurfette did
All right so gaming week
I played stuff actually I did finally start Aurora faint, and that gives freaking cool. I
Don't know much about this game. Tell us a little bit about Aurora. It's an iPhone game. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, okay? That is
It's it's sort of like how will be to help be jeweled does except you can only move them horizontally
But you can sort of slide as as you destroy groups
They fall off sort of like how Puyo Puyo does when you you know but you can actually move blocks off to the side
And and move them that way move them laterally into empty spaces
So it's sort of a neat a neat thing and you can level up and learn new techniques
and it's a very cool little game and and very pretty and shiny and
I played
This other thing called color spiral, but all it is is just
Drawing really awful circles on the iPhone so it sucks, and I got a sudoku game just to try it
I got it's just called sudoku free and it actually it's kind of neat really you know easy as in
really easy as in
But it's it's it's pretty the interface is pretty you can choose your color. I've done something similar
I've had just this week
I downloaded coffee time crosswords because I kind of felt obligated as it is a new Xbox Live arcade title to kind of look at
it and
My obligation dried up in about three minutes. I was just like this game is poopy well to answer
an alpha
Kynanogram
The game was called aurora faint
Fe int like a battle maneuver. It sounds a little like medios with the whole sideways only movement thing
You'll have to give it a try. You'll have to get a try
You can actually make a character on my phone if you want that's cool or one of these days
I'll finally break down to buy an iPhone one of these days. I hear people are still lining up for that stuff. That's crazy
but also um I
I
Downloaded something else. I actually think that I might though try uh I
Was actually this was it. I was about to download miss pac-man and
Apparently it's utter crap, so I didn't do it because
The there's no real good way to control it um I can imagine
They should do marble madness for iPhone though if they can do monkey ball
They can do marble madness good time, but monkey ball sucks on iPhone. Just letting you know really yes, you have to um
To play just right instead of holding your phone at a perfect um
Flat angle you actually have to tilt it away from you downwards to have it be in the neutral position
so it's
really
Not
good
Um I also I did play some Ragnarok, but not quite as much as I have been because I've been doing a lot of homework
I did though get some some fantastic nerd time yesterday
Wasn't video game related, but but a video game was going to come out for it, and they canceled it and it pissed me off
What's that?
I watched a whole crap ton of stargate sg1 that is pretty nerdy friend Becky
And I are finally finishing up the fourth season box set
And I remember how excited I was at e3 when they had the big stargate thing up
And I was like oh hell. Yes. Do you want and then did the game ever come out? No? No?
canceled
I
Was like don't let me take your picture in front of the giant stargate
I remember that right that was awesome as I love me some stargate except. I do not like stargate at Linda's
Okay, not very much. All right before this turns into a nerdy sci-fi talk show any other games um
No, all right not that there's anything wrong with a game of life not that there's anything wrong with a nerdy sci-fi
Talk show because we have like pod culture. We know them and like them and
Travis Donovan under station live they kind of do something
Do it?
Hi, Travis. All right moving on. Thank you. How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was okay. I played
I played Magnetica because I haven't actually tried that yet on the DS, and it was pretty fun
it's sort of like Zuma a little bit, but
They add a few things to actually make it different
So that was kind of neat try to get my wife to play it
And she said I don't like the way it aims and it that sucks
So I'm not touching it then meanwhile she ends up playing it anyways and then still complains about it
She's been playing super collapse 3 instead
I also tried Final Fantasy 4 briefly and I
got to say that I wish it was just a port of the Super Nintendo version because I
Don't really care for the new 3d graphics. Especially when they they have all their like most of the cutscenes are in-game
Using the in-game engine and when you get really close to some of those characters man those textures are really low-res
but overall it's it's pretty good and
And then I played also Korg 10 DS
Which isn't really a game, but more of you know an actual piece of
Synthesizer software and so played around with that, but since I don't really know how to use a Korg 10
I didn't really make much with it, but it's fun
It's it'll be cool to play around with and then on a 360
Of course more Grantham thought of four
I don't really have to say much more about that and
Also
Tried out on the Wii
Wario Land shake which just got released in Japan and
It's awesome. It really is it's
You know a perfect example of how they can do really good 2d platform games now with the technology
That's out there all hand-drawn animation. They have anime cutscenes
It's really cool. It really is and sadly enough. If only Nintendo had actually talked a little bit about this game
at e3 they might have actually saved their you know a little press conference, but
whatever and
Then let's see what else that I play. I think that's about it. Actually. This is pretty brief
Alright, well my gaming week. I also played Final Fantasy 4 quite a bit that pretty much dominated by gaming week
You know Final Fantasy 4 is probably
My favorite maybe either my favorite or my second favorite
I haven't decided but it's one of my favorites of the is fun entire Final Fantasy series
I definitely like it more than any of the PlayStation ones or even Final Fantasy 10 or hell even 12. I
Love Final Fantasy 4 and so it was very interesting to kind of revisit that world on the DS
It's kind of interesting because the difficulty you definitely can sense the change in the difficulty if you kind of grew up on Final Fantasy 2
American like I did you definitely can feel the change in the difficulty, you know
you could kind of breeze right through the Final Fantasy 2 on Super Nintendo and
Just you didn't really have to grind or anything like that. You do need to do a little bit not a lot
I mean that gets annoying in role-playing games. You'll have to do a lot of grinding
You have to do a little bit to kind of make sure that your characters aren't you know
Getting completely overpowered by the enemies
You definitely feel the ramp up in the difficulty of what the enemies are casting on you the speed of how they're attacking
You know and all of that you can definitely feel an increased difficulty in the game
And it kind of makes it feel like a whole new experience. Also, you have the new translation and everything
I really like that they put voice acting in the game
It's kind of neat even though it only shows up in a few select scenes. They actually pull it off on the DS pretty well
It's not a plus level voice acting but it's not terrible
It does add a certain element to the story that I've just loved for so many years
My biggest complaint about the game would be the exact same thing as Loki
I don't like the graphics. I don't like the look very much of what they've given the game
It feels like I'm playing an old PlayStation 1 game
Well, it's like all the cutscene choppy and even thought it feels like even Final Fantasy 7 looked better than this
The cutscenes don't have the same like style of graphics as you know, the actual game itself, you know
The cutscenes make it look all badass and everything is all realistic looking and then all of a sudden it's just like
Cartoony, it's not like Final Fantasy 7 where you know, the graphics were kind of cartoony
But the cutscenes the characters were also a bit cartoony as well
It's just it doesn't match whatsoever. You go with this really like super deformed looking character to like ultra realistic
It's just not I don't know what it is
But I would have almost just preferred redone sprites like I think of the Final Fantasy PSP games
Those games are beautiful and they're still sprite based but they look amazing
You know, I really like the look on those and that's kind of what I've almost wish
This had been and I I see Game Guru and Chad is saying just get Final Fantasy 4 advanced
I mean, yeah, but that was just basically a port with you know, the new translation and and possibly that ramped up difficulty
I mean
I do like some of the other frills in the DS game such as I kind of think that whole
Wit the the extra summon there Rydia has the wit that you can actually customize
I don't know how far you got but once you pick up Rydia and you can't you actually get to Kaipo the desert town
You kind of can play your first, you know training your wit game and that's actually one of the summons
That will replace Rydia for a certain time and you can teach it battle commands
You actually level it up through these silly little DS games like the math game
Which I actually thought the math game was kind of fun for a mini game. Maybe it's just the nerd in me
I don't know, but I thought there were some nice touches and some nice additions that they did in the game
I like the whole map thing that they use the bottom screen is basically a map of a dungeon and when you get a hundred
Percent completion on a map like if you've explored the whole map
You get like a little bonus
Like maybe an extra tent or an extra Phoenix down something definitely for the completionist in all of us
And I do also kind of like that
You know
It seems like the abilities that were removed in the translation from Japan to America such as Rosa's prey ability
Cecil's darkness ability these things are now back in the game and you can add extra abilities to the characters
That's where I think this game is a little bit superior to just direct port like you had on advance
Maybe with a new translation
I just think I would be more impressed if they just would have put this on a CD based system even ps2
You know, I just think the graphics would have been a lot better. I I just maybe I'm biased or whatever you call
I just don't like the DS for think for projects like this
I don't like that all these things these redone old classic games are coming out all on the DS because I don't
You know the DS
Kind of lends itself to a different outside the box kind of game making not so much the translations of old games exactly
I think I'll play this more when it comes out on the PSP when we get like Final Fantasy 3 and 4
I hope I hope it does just like they did 1 & 2 I mean because I liked 1 & 2 I thought well
I didn't really like to that much but I I wouldn't have liked it no matter what system it was on
But Final Fantasy 1 I liked a lot on there and I like the way they did it
It doesn't have to be all fancy 3d graphics and to be honest, you know
I think they wasted a lot of effort with it because now they have to redo all the characters redo all the scenes and all
That stuff and for what it just looks mediocre
I don't know and Bobby Blackwell's trying to be cute and chat make a joke. He says confirmed. Oh, LR DS haters
No, I'm not a DS hater. I like the games that are kind of made for a DS like trauma center great game
You can't play that really anywhere else
I mean, I guess you can't on the Wii but that's a whole nother story cooking mama is actually kind of fun on the DS
You know, there's lots of these types of games on the DS even even things like Metroid Prime hunters and stuff that you can't really
Get you know on other types of systems. I don't like
Trying to make an old 8-bit Nintendo game work on this new idea of you know how to control a game
And that's the other thing that's my other big problem with Final Fantasy 4 is that it needs an analog stick
Trying to control Cecil which all these years
I thought it was Cecil but according to the voice acting at Cecil trying to control Cecil in that 3d environment
Where basically everything's rotated at 45 degrees it sucks because diagonals on the DS are kind of hard to pull off with that little
You know, I don't know about okay
I don't know if if there were other like things that I missed but I you can control the way he runs and stuff
Using the stylus, but I was unable to like interact with anybody
Using the stylus. I had to like stop and push a button which I thought was retarded
You do need to play a little more Final Fantasy 4 and get your wit leveled up so we can do the wireless battle
Because I'm kind of curious how that works
Okay
So play play a little more at least till you get it so we can kind of check that feature out because I don't know
How many people I know are gonna get this game?
Although I do recommend it if you're a Final Fantasy fanboy fangirl, it's worth checking out
Especially if you've never played the game
You've never been through the story you must now is the time to experience the Final Fantasy 4 story because it's great
But if you have played the old games you you know have already kind of made your way through them
I still say it's worth a look. It would be nice if it was a little bit cheaper because it's a $40 DS game, but
It's not gonna be a waste of your time. It is, you know, kind of a different experience. So there you have it
And then Bobby and chat commented again. He said confirmed. Oh LR likes to debunk black wolf. Oh
Bobby you're great
Game guru says look every port or remake of an nest and super nest for the DS means no PlayStation Network or virtual console
Port and that makes me mad. I kind of I kind of agree
I almost think the PSP lends itself better to these types of old 8-bit games being remade if the Final Fantasy 1 and 2
Uh recreations or any guide because those were great. I would like to see Final Fantasy 6 redone
I know that is like the holy grail of Final Fantasy to a lot of people but I would like to see a
New approach taken to it. I just kind of don't want it on the DS. I'd like to see it as a
Remade for at least the ps2 if nothing else make it a budget title for the ps2 if nothing else
There'll be tons of people that want it
We'll see also in my gaming week
I mean that was pretty much the majority of it, but I also was playing some more civilization revolution, which is a game
I think is pretty cool, and I noticed Bobby black wolf was playing Civ revolution speaking of Bobby
He was playing that quite a bit this weekend
So I'm thinking Bobby and I need to have World War 3 at some point on civilization revolution
Even though I'm not that great at the game. He'll probably beat me
Hopefully he sucks too and we can just have fun with it
and
Also, I've been playing that new
Xbox Live arcade game that came out the
The street dancing game whose name I accidentally closed the window. What was it the go-go beat?
Let me look at go go beat steady, I think that was the name of it
I had it earlier. I play I was just you can tell I didn't play a whole lot of go go break steady
that's name it I played it for a little bit and
I
Kind of like the concept. I liked the fact that it kind of starts in this guitar room and style
You know buttons coming from the outside of the screen to the inside and the better you hit them in rhythm
Then you go into a puzzle game like Zuma and I kind of thought that was cool
It's just that the music, you know, the hip-hop and breakdancing music is not really something I get excited about in the video game
But I know there are people that do get excited for that. So I'm glad there's a decent music video
Music video game that kind of incorporates that so I think for that reason alone. It's worth checking out
But I would like to see that whole kind of puzzle music game fusion applied to other genres and music
I think it could be kind of cool
So that's it for my gaming week
Housekeeping tonight before we get into some gaming news honestly don't have a lot just gonna give the same old plugs
We usually do for you know, our Facebook community at facebook.com search for the ol army
You can join us on there at live journal
we are username orange lounge on live journal and we always you know post little plugs for the show or other bonus things we do and
Of course our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com our myspace orange lounge radio and our YouTube channel
Is that orange lounge radio? I believe is our YouTube. It's been a long time as I've logged into I believe
That's orange lounge radio. I've still yet to put my video
Yes, you need to put your video on there and I'm gonna be putting the olr PSAs on there as well
For the folks that want to hear those again outside the show
We're gonna put those on there too, even though there's not a lot of video to go with them. At least it's something
All right. Let's get into some gaming news. Shall we sure? All right. All right
All right. Well, you know being that e3 was not really this week, but last week
There's been a lot of you know
Either disappointment or just a lot of opinions about it and a couple publishers one being Bethesda
has been trying to defend e3 saying that it is still needed, but it needs to change a bit and
You know kind of what they've been saying is
You know before it used to be very, you know bustling very lots of people in there
but now it's just vacant and
You know, not that many people come and visit them and I think Bethesda. I mean, they're not a
small
Publisher by any means but at the same time they're not like I remember when you know you guys visit Bethesda
Their booth wasn't that big not compared to like, you know, EA or you know, Microsoft or something like that
So maybe now that everything's scaled down even more it's a lot of people might miss going to visit
you know these smaller publishers that are there so that kind of sucks and
Bethesda's booth was interesting though because is basically imagine their booth space was kind of like a donut where they had everything kind of around it
They had some things on display kind of around on the on the actual donut shape
but then in the middle where the donut hole would be was that like kind of special room where they were doing their little press
events and dark soccer and I were lucky enough to get to go to one of them and
Sit in the lovely air conditioning for a while and look at the Star Trek game that was coming out which that was great
Unfortunately, it was one of those games. It was awesome in theory, but the execution unfortunately by the time the game actually came out
It didn't work out so well, but we got excited about it watching is it was great in theory
I actually taped the whole thing how they recreated the Erathicon battle was pretty awesome
I know that was sweet, but yeah, anyhow, sorry, but but they just say that it needs to change
They didn't really offer any suggestions of how it will change or how they you know
want to change it, but I
Don't know, but yay. Yay another
Company also displeased with the current e3
Ironically enough though. They're saying that it's soulless and that they would want it open to the public now
They wish to invite the community to the show
It's a bit ironic when you think about it because they were one of the companies
Complaining that there was too many people at e3 and that they couldn't get any business done
So instead they want to go back to where the way it was and then some I seem to remember us bringing up this
Almost exact not not exactly sure if I seem to remember EA making similar comments last week
Although I think this week it was what Peter Moore that said them specifically and you know
Which is interesting because he used to be kind of Xbox's, you know spokesperson at those press conferences and things
But it's just interesting. It's not it's not stopping from EA, you know, it's now now here we go
Another person at EA kind of speaking up saying here's gosh
We missed the old one when you kind of broke it in the first place, but Peter Moore wasn't there when EA got
I don't know they move this way
Okay, and I know a lot of people aren't gonna agree with this cuz you know
They haven't gone to e3 and they want to I don't think that they should let the public into e3
Because as it was it was so fucking packed
before
You know adding the public on top of that is gonna be nuts. You're not gonna get anything done
What they need to do is find some happy medium between the old e3 and the new e3
So maybe lacks up the amount of you know
People that they're allowing to be invited these things because I know we can't get invited to fucking e3 anymore because it's just too
Strict but before I mean there was people like, you know, Walmart employees that work on their garden section
Just because Walmart carries video games. They got in the e3, you know weird shit like that
If they can cut down on some of that stuff people that don't actually need to be there
Then I think it would be a little bit better
I
Don't know about adding the public
I think that there's other events that the public can go to if they need to do this kind of stuff
I like the format that they have with the press conferences and stuff because it's a lot easier to digest the information
And you know what?
Maybe it might not be so bad with the press conferences there and actually being able
You know since you're not gonna be able to walk up to a booth and play anything because it's gonna be fucking mobbed
Um, I gotta say this this is very interesting the comments again
I keep quoting Bobby, but he's giving good giving us good stuff tonight Bobby in our chat room and chat
I don't want to come he says Peter Moore loved the community
Microsoft did a lot more for the enthusiasts press last year when Peter Moore was in charge this year
They didn't really care about us as much and it's kind of interesting because Microsoft has always kind of had that very
They're kind of seen amongst the big three, especially as being the ones that are you know way more out there with the community
And everything I mean heck you can get an OLR gamer pic on the Xbox live marketplace
You know that's saying something right there if our crappy little show has representation somehow in the Microsoft world
You know what? I mean? That's you know, it kind of speaks to what Microsoft's doing for the community
Kind of interesting, but you know, I like I said, I just remember when there was like 75,000 people there and how okay
Let's this was the first year that the we I mean it was coming out that same year and that
And that booth was fucking mobbed. It was just impossible
You couldn't walk through it say you wanted to see a game and you finally did see it
You'd take you like 30 minutes just to get out of the booth and it was just awful
And can you imagine adding you'll say I'm not saying double that but can you imagine adding like even another half of that?
I mean, I can't imagine another 20,000 people there just to see this madness it honestly
I don't I think what they just have to do to fix it is don't make it invite only but make it you know
kind of where only folks with business licenses and official type blogs and things like that can get in I think that will
Really open it up to the independent press to get in there and gamers who are really enthusiastic about gaming, you know
Namely us but it does keep out the Walmart Garden Center employees
But I do think there should be room to for actual, you know, the game say I definitely deserve a place in there
But you know somehow
Screening us that it's really only the people that really work with games in these places
I I am actually okay with the GameStop employees of America being with their I do think the types of things that EA if you
I like educated GameStop employees who've played the games and stuff. I think everybody does so why why not invite retail?
It's just a matter of getting what you need out of it because I know it's like some of these years
It's hard to see everything
I think that the way that these do these press conferences definitely helps because in that way you can see
Everything and then you can decide which you need to go see further. I like that
I like that a lot because that works before the gamers days
Digest all the information the publishers can make sure that the people that that they have the information that they want out there
And if they want to you know further show it off, you know
Maybe not necessarily do a game demonstration during the middle of the show because I think that's kind of retarded sometimes
But you know, hey, this game is playable at our booth. Go check it out, you know, or hey, you know
Let's set up some times to come, you know, visit the booth and play the game
All right. Well, let's move on talking about more e3 kind of fallout because obviously, you know
I know it's been a couple weeks now since e3 but
It is one of the highlights in the gaming year and of course Nintendo
Got a lot of flack for their e3 press conference. And what's kind of interesting is that Nintendo has essentially kind of
I
Don't know if you want to say they apologized but they have definitely taken notice at their unpopular reception
In fact Satoru Iwata has made some comments on it this week quote
We are sorry about the media briefings specifically for those who are expecting to see Nintendo show something about Super Mario or Legend of Zelda
If there's any perception that Nintendo is ignoring the core gamers
It's a misunderstanding and we really want to get rid of that misunderstanding by any means so an interesting apology of sorts
But could it just be that folks are just more upset that it seems like these kid
Kid Icarus rumors and other things just weren't to be true
I think or at least now it's just I'm saying because all they showed was games for casual people. I mean, no, I hate, you know
Distinguishing games between casuals and you know the core gamers or whatever because that's the big trendy thing to say nowadays
But seriously Wii music is like an over glorified toy. There's no depth to it whatsoever
It's just crap, but Loki you got a logo for Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars. Now. That is a hardcore game
That's the thing but a logo Loki exactly, but here's that's that's one thing though that got it got me excited
But they don't actually have to show anything just say hey, we're working on this
I mean look at a couple years ago. They were showing off a video for Mario Kart
Wii it didn't come out for two years after that, you know, same with the Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess
They had a really early teaser video for a few years prior to that and everyone got hyped up
Look at what the other companies are doing when Microsoft teases Halo 3 all they have to do is say, you know
You know with that first trailer did not have a lot to do with the you know final product. It was great though
It was epic in the making it showed nothing in the endgame the actual endgame footage
But it was epic and theatrical and it got everybody pumped about Halo 3 even though they came out for a while
Mike a Sony God of War 3, you know that shit ain't coming out for a long time, but they just had to say the name
Here's my thing is I think and I honestly when you see that one chick
I don't remember her name the new one that replaced parent Kaplan or whatever
That's doing her stupid snowboarding shit on on there. I can't honestly believe that she actually plays any games
I mean, I honestly she may play the DS and play the fucking brain-age shit
And she may be like one of those casual gamers, but I can't see her as an actual gamer
but that's the problem those because they don't play these games and they don't necessarily have to play it like a lot of games to
Be it's not their job. It doesn't to make the games
It isn't to make the games but they should be familiar with the product and know how to hype it up for their you know
audience that's what they should do because
It just seemed like you know
She's a buffoon and so they're having her play this game to make it look like look at this
It's a snowboarding game, which is usually more of a hardcore game, but any idiot can play it. So why don't you go play it?
That's the whole thing is making it more of a casual thing
But they didn't have to do that much. They I mean they just said Oh Pokemon. Okay, this is coming out
they could have showed a trailer for that they could have
Showed Wario Land shake there's a perfect example of a game that can you know?
Be for the core gamer and also for more of a casual player
Let me ask let me ask dark soccer because she's been awfully quiet through this
But I'm just kind of curious of your opinion dark soccer
I did Nintendo really make a misstep with this e3 or are we at fault for letting our expectations be too high in the first place?
I'm going to be perfectly honest that I'm very neutral toward the whole thing just because they obviously
address the the things that they felt they needed to address to increase their market because this the whole
Big thing with business is you want to increase your market share. They know if they release a Zelda or a
Mario or whatever that they're going to get their core market. They have their loyal. We're already loyal. They'd be preaching to the choir. I
think
Where it comes in is that if they're trying to convince?
I'm trying to think of the best way to phrase this but they're trying to convince
That's this new market that they're trying to bring in this expanded market that
Doing it in a media centered event where it's going to go out in press
You know, I think that they were smart in doing that
I just think there should have been a little bit more mentioned so that like, you know
Throw us a bone or something, but it's seriously their excuse though for doing this is like we don't have enough time
We don't have enough time during our presentation to make these sorts of announcements and to be honest
I mean their presentation was one of the shorter of the presentations out there and
How long is it really gonna take to say we don't have any video footage to show you right now
But our teams are working on new Mario and a new Zelda game
Realize that we are that we already know they're working on some no
But they don't have to go and make some sort of claim that you know, oh we're doing this when they know
We want to keep these gamers
We're gonna put out this game that goes without saying there's absolutely no reason for them to make an announcement until they have something concrete
To give us but you know what my wife knows that I love her
But she likes to hear it every now one and again, so this is exactly why we have to do this
They they may we may assume that they're doing this stuff
But you know, what if we don't see it enough? We may not assume it anymore
So you're thinking Nintendo doesn't love you anymore Loki. Is that what it is? Yes, I think that exactly I think Nintendo
We need to be cuddled. Okay, we have no more, you know Sega systems yet. We keep getting Sonic games
You know Sega knows of their bread and butter is coming from you know, Nintendo isn't you know, it's
Have succeeded this long. They're obviously not run by a bunch of crayon eating
chained to the jungle gym morons
mmm, no mention name of people but I
I think that when it then they do have they're given a certain amount of time that they can have their press conference and they
Have parameters they have to keep in touch, you know, keep in mind
I think that they were trying to reach a certain market and then once they got that message out
They know that there's other means that they can get the word out to the core gamer that we're going to be a bit more
Curious we're going to look for these things rather than you take the stuff to the mass market
But your core is going to come to you every time but see I want to see if this actually works out for them because
The problem with their core audience that they're targeting right now the mom and pops that bought
You know the Wii system the play Wii Sports now, they're anticipating. Okay. Well, they're gonna buy this Wii Sports Resort thing
I hope that's true because if it's not they're gonna end up with another fucking
Was a big brain Academy game that came out on the Wii and the be honest
No one bought it
So there are they have had a lot of missteps in the casual market because they don't underestimate
I don't think they really know who they're trying to target. All right, let me let me just summarize here
I think all we want is that Reggie all we want is a cuddle
But you know my thing and I think it's kind of like, you know, if a Zelda game is in development, you know
Yes, we all know it's in development, but kind of throw us a frickin bone
Like for instance if we know that in the new Zelda game
Link is gonna ride a gigantic spider then like show us the image of link riding a giant spider and you know
Put out there link and the giant spider friend coming next fall
You know give us something to and then all the Nintendo fanboys can run around with their giant boners and go
Oh my god. Did you see the giant spider?
Exactly. That's all they have to do. Look at Mario Kart. Like I said, this is a perfect example Mario Kart
They showed a CG trailer that showed Mario in a cart racing around. That was it. Nothing from the game
No graphics whatsoever
It was just a CG trailer to get people hyped up that oh my god Mario Kart's coming and it's not like that
We didn't see Mario Kart coming because it's been on almost every single Nintendo system. So
but still that got people excited and gave them something to anticipate another Mario game I
For all I know it could be a crappy and you know, this is gonna come anyways
We're like Mario Tennis or Mario Golf and but once again, that's not a hardcore game
That's a game targeting those same people that bought fucking we to play we sports stop catering the people that play Wii Sports
There are other games out there. They sold their systems didn't they true? Yeah, that's true
We you know what we would not be selling the way it is if it weren't for Wii Sports
I think a Wii Sports sequel was an inevitability just a one little thing. Yeah, this is where it comes down to
Bottom line money. What company is out there?
You know if they were out there too, I guess be nice and sweet and cuddly that'd be you know, a not-for-profit
organization
As it is there they have to make money
What's the nice way for Nintendo to tell the teenagers of America? Your mom has more money than you do
Um, well, we've done selective targeting for certain products and we feel that the adult demographic would be
Okay, go ahead. Okay. I want to say there's a shower and in chat. It's great. He has a title for my new Zelda game
It's called Legend of Zelda web of lies
All right. Well what I was trying to say before is it you know, they probably see something. Oh well
To expand our market we're going to appeal to a different demographic for aiming towards the older people who might have been our core
Group at a younger age. We're trying to reclaim the market that is now quote grown out of video games
You should you need to go get a job. Why do you think I was in technical writing for a while?
Very nice. All right, Loki final. Okay, then we get him my final thought
Basically, it's like this. Okay. It's a good idea for them to try to expand their market
The problem is though is bringing these people into the gaming market isn't gonna necessarily
Do a lot of good for you. The problem is you got to get people confident in your platform because
Come five years from now when you're releasing your next Nintendo system and Microsoft's releasing their next Xbox system and the PlayStation with the PlayStation 4
You're not gonna have a lot of people, you know wanting to buy your next system because
They bought the Wii and that's all they play is Wii Sports. So why do they need to buy your next system?
That's the problem. And if you cater these people that are just casual gamers
They're not gonna come back for more. In fact when you have people buying that your next Nintendo system
They may not buy your next Nintendo system
They may just go somewhere else and that's where you're gonna end up hurting. It's down later on
I don't often get a chance to acknowledge the Justin TVers because there's so many chat rooms for us to read
But I just took a peek in there and one thing I thought that was pretty funny that they're talking about it in there
Some folks are saying a Pokemon MMO is what's needed
Could be interesting. I mean Pokemon sure is one of those
Universal franchises that sells like, you know, it's free money, but MMO on a Wii would be very interesting
That would be very easy to do actually if you think about it. I think so too. Because I mean, alright for example
I can't believe it hasn't already happened
Well for an example, um, actually a lot of custom servers for Ragnarok online have a Pokeball system where you can actually capture
your
Different creatures as your pets and then once they become loyal they help you fight
I don't think it would be that much harder to do something centered around going out and actually cat
You know if they can do it on a regular video game
Why can't they have it in multiplayer format and then you have like for example, like you have your arena system
You can actually have your gyms be set up that way, you know, and you've got whoever you know
It was like has the best group or whatever. So you have a continuously
A rotating list and like maybe your gym leaders like one of the GM's or something. All right. Anyhow. Anyhow, let's move on
It's a very very I know you have more Nintendo news, but hey stuff about Reggie, okay
Reggie is like, okay
we know pretty much said from an America centric perspective to quote that the
Weezer storage capacity is a big problem over here because we like we wear in virtual console and he told
MTV that there is an urgency to find a storage solution. So he says that Nintendo is working on something
They are not ready to tell us what they are working on, but they are working on something but I
Actually
Think that they're gonna and while it wouldn't be hard to do something USB based at knowing Nintendo
They're going to try to do something proprietary something that can't be mimicked something that no one's gonna be able in theory
No one's going to be able to break and just you know hack their own like, you know
We used to do on the old PlayStation hard drives. Remember? Yeah, they're going to try to do something
That's that they would have control over. It's just frustrating though because they put USB slots
They put SD card slots in that we why does it have to be freaking proprietary?
You know like it by doing that it kind of showed the promise of Oh mass storage
Hey good idea, and it's not being used. I guarantee you it won't be proprietary and I guarantee you be something really simple
It could be done right now, but they're gonna drag their fucking feet until it gets done
It's gonna be some stupid USB hard drive thing. Just open up USB to use storage devices
Your problem solved right there. It only takes one firmware update and you're no longer
I mean, it's no different than it is gonna make from that. I'm sorry. Where's the money for them to make from that?
Oh, you don't have to make money off everything show Nintendo USB drives
That they'll release in stores along with that for ten dollars more than the generic brands will cause I still think they're gonna have some
Way to system lock and even if they do it via USB
they're gonna have some sort of code that you have to read off of the
The storage device so that it recognizes it as Nintendo only I think they're nervous about people using the USB thing
To hack the system. I think I seriously think what it is. So you that's why it's
Investment
From a business perspective
They're not going to want to leave it open for anyone else to profit off of or to take money out of their power
Let's think of how retarded it was in the first place that they only put half a gig of storage space on their stupid system
Well, they were aiming for a certain price for their system. I mean, but they're paying for it now
Now the gamers are like now it's kind of like they put the cart before the whole horse with this whole we wear thing
Oh great. They're filling up that drive. I can't wait for the special dog and no dongle the attachment
It's gonna attach to as well that's gonna give it high-def graphics
Oh, maybe we'll get someone that you know, gives us some good online or maybe I don't know one that gives us some better games
Nintendo is the pro at aftermarket upgrades
As I mean think about it. I bet you any this is this is my prediction
Okay
We're going to get a hard drive unit of some variety that is going to fit in with the Wii it's either going to run
Off of USB or have some sort of it
Either way, there's going to be some sort of lockout on it so that you can only use the Nintendo storage
Whatever with the Wii and then as it progresses we're going to get like the Wii Deluxe or something, you know
Maybe the you know new upgrade they drop the price the old we bring out the new we at the rigor price of storage becomes
You know even more cheap as the you know, time goes by and we're going to get a new Nintendo
Yeah, that's why I understand they can't do that now because the price of flash storage has gone down so much
They could just say okay going forward now all the ways that we put out are gonna have four gigs of storage instead
Yeah, I'll piss off a lot of people but you know what tough
All right, I'm was at least
There the Reggie admits the problem is out there
Even if he used a very politically correct kind of term to do that the whole American centric perspective
At least they they are finally admitting there's a problem
Well, I think that he's probably looking at where the majority of the complaint has come from
Has been and this is at least as far as I've seen to has been mostly the American market
So I think he's saying well at least Nintendo of America loves you
It's our cuddle Rob interesting I guess maybe that was our cuddle, I don't know we'll see
Oh
Smack him in the fucking face. Seriously. Oh, yeah, we acknowledge there's a problem now
Oh, I'm glad you finally jumped on board with that. He needs a little love
Would he be so angry if somebody would oh, I can't wait to interview some of these people. Oh, that would be awesome
I think that Loki needs something that starts with the D and ends with the E and there's two words. It's called duct tape
Loki on my own. Yeah, my only wish is that you know, you take your little media badge at this event
This is Orange Lounge radio and you put a sticker over it. This is Bobby Black Wolf show before you go
people
I'll take it a step further. I'll put my name is
Someone follow follow around and once you hit that just borderline breaking, but we'll be like, okay interviews over next ding-ding-ding-ding-ding
So speaking of newest Rob you would you would love it if I just like put on a mask and like dress up like Captain
Anger or something
You could be mr. Furious mr. Furious. All right, let's move on
Apparently because of a certain patent lawsuit that Nintendo is facing
That certain Nintendo peripherals are actually going to be or could be pulled from market
These would include any a Nintendo controller that has dual analog sticks. So any of your classic controllers
your GameCube controllers those are going to be taken from the market and
Of course the Wii remote and nunchuck are okay because it was only have one analog stick and this is all because of that
wonderful
21 million dollar patent infringement verdict that was brought up on the company because of the patent holder and escape
That has sued them and you know, it's time for Nintendo to pay their money
or licensing rights
Do you think it's actually gonna happen I don't know it it's well, I mean they have to pay them because it
You know, the verdict has been placed
The thing is though there's well second level appeals room court appeal
Well escape is basically saying that Nintendo has clogged the channel and they're looking to make
Controllers, I guess I don't honestly think that they're gonna try to make controllers
I think that there's money would have kind of done it by now
Yeah, Lord. Katsu. Hito says Nintendo will settle out of court in chat dot orange hundred calm probably most likely
It's usually the way these things go
Anyways
Nintendo is going to be debuting the Wii bonus content feature very soon over in Japan
It's actually a new little feature that they put in a 16 digit code into this bonus thing and you get a new
Present so to speak the Wii speaker channel is the first thing that's supposed to be used using this
It's coming with that, you know that game on the Nintendo DS
I think we talked about it a few weeks ago that it's kind of like using the speakers so you can do the audio
translation of channels or whatever
Interesting, but there's also further speculation going on that possibly these codes could be used for we points
free download games virtual console sell it and sell virtual console games in stores kind of like what Xbox Live does with their
Own redemption system like you can buy Uno or Texas hold them like in a store on a card and give it as a gift
So I don't think that's what this is for. I
Think if it even comes out here
Yes, and I think this the only thing this is it's to deter piracy
Because then you get some bonus with it and you can only get that if you buy the game legitimately
Ironically enough though all those bonus things that they're talking about like the Wii speaker channel leaked to the internet anyways
So it's not gonna matter
Well, there is a
Something that I think is gonna be very very very
Cool to come out at least in Japan, and I don't think we're gonna get it here
But when I first looked at it, I thought it was like the purika the print club stuff, but it's actually not quite
It's called the digi cam print channel. That's going to be on the Wii. It's actually a collaboration with Fujifilm where
You upload your digital pictures by using the SD slot and
You can actually get them printed out and sent to you through Fujifilm and they give you a photo book. That's
1575 yen
Or you can get a Mario one. That's
2480
And you can actually even have them print it out to well you can
Have your meshi printed out which is a Japanese business card you hit it's like your name card, basically
You know the the thing is that when you introduce yourself to somebody you give them your card with your name on it
Mm-hmm, but you can have your meshi with your Wii on it and you've got your Wii be your me on it for
500 yen for 30 cards, so it's actually pretty cool
I wish we could get something like this would it put my 99 digit friend code for every game
I have on those cards, too. I
Don't see why not I mean I would think so that actually would be a very smart idea
To have you know your your friend could be both you and I need to be working at Nintendo
But I'll tell you what and the good idea department
And I'm gonna link this in the chat room because the article I read the video is down
but the promotional trailer for it is on YouTube and
I'm looking at it. It's actually pretty pretty cool. This is actually a
Fujifilm's demo showing how it works
And it's it's really really such a neat idea because you can have them printed out in different sizes and shapes
And have messages on them
It's actually very cool and also send them to to people it seems pretty cool
What I'm seeing on this do you think it's something that would work here, or is this is this better for Japan's culture?
I think it is it's more
Surrounded around I would say how Japanese culture works, but I think that it could be marketable here if they do it right
Why not I mean if the channel already exists?
It's just translation and and on Fujifilm's end you know or whatever company they partnered with in America
Just a matter of you know
I was gonna say Fujifilm's here
So why not fish as long as they have a presence of getting the oh is that are they behind snapfish?
I don't know. Oh, I'm mentioning snapfish every you know every photo company has had to evolve to maintain
Competition with the digital photography, so I'm sure they have something set up the way that I see this is that if
If like say you know rock bands are going through rock band to you know have their musical presence
Fortified in the industry when you know everything is digital download and all that then why can't you know the photo companies make use of?
This I think it's a good idea
And on top of that is it's convenient instead of having to take you know a CD in to have it printed
Or do it yourself. You just be no pay 15 bucks and have them send you a photo album with everything in it
Game guru in chat says damn sooner or later. They will fill the Wii with just channels kind of
Kind of a good point because you know the Wii only has four screens worth of channels
I want the channel channel the channel channel the change channel channel
Now as unfortunately as they're not going to be able to fill it full of channels because there's not a space on the storage to
Store all those channels
Yeah
Alpha Kananagrams in chat says this needs to come to America ASAP big fan of the whole
Fuji film channel idea all right. We will see
Well, this isn't for the Wii, but it uses the Wii remotes
there is a brand new homebrew game made called dark room sex game and
what this basically is is two people will take the Wii remotes, and they will kind of make a
kind of like a hammer motion with it basically shaking the remote in time with the
Pornographic sounds there's no images. It's just all audio
That you hear on the screen, and you're supposed to do it in rhythm and then eventually kind of speed up to a finish
this sounds like a minigame in Mario Party 8 I
I
Wish I had brought my bluetooth
Adapter next week though we can maybe do this on the show
You know for that
For that extra. It's all audio array. It'll be awesome
All right, yeah gold banjo pretty much sums up my thoughts in chat weirdest homebrew ever
But it is for the PC, and it is available to download out there. I believe they have a
It's a
website itu.dk
slash stud slash darkroom is
Right and game grew in chat says the kind of obvious comment here. Why not you know have sex
Because this is this is safer. You can't can't contract babies or a okay. I see
AIDS and baby free I get it, so there's there's I guess the
Positive unless you're using those remotes with those other attachments that they had in which case you could probably you yeah
You might be able to get genital herpes
Herpes maybe using the proper now make it a gear attachments
All right, well, please let's change the topic real quick here. I have them and talk about, Castlevania
Because Castlevania is pretty awesome
Castlevania why Castlevania has to follow a story about a sex game is because Castlevania is sex I mean Castlevania is that good and I
Had no idea this was coming, but apparently there's a Castlevania arcade game
Akumajo Dracula the arcade and there's been some location tests going on over in Japan and
Some folks are already kind of leaking their opinions to the internet
Apparently you can actually enter the machine from one side or the other. There's a pretty spacious inside and
There was LED lit candles on the inside of the machine which I think is kind of cool
You hold a controller that's shaped like the handle of a whip and the top of the whip also has LEDs in it
First player has blue one second player gets dark pink ones
And then you have a little yellow trigger on the whip where your index finger goes and that is for sub weapons like knives
Crosses potions all of that stuff, and then there's another button where your thumb is
so apparently
And that thumb button is used for items later in the game
You stand in a designated spot you aim your controller to kind of calibrate the game
I guess it's using like kind of those mocap things and then you're in this outside area and then skeletons start coming out
And they'll start shooting arrows at you and you can swing your whip or throw knives at them
So that's kind of neat and then of course the weapons like knives. They do take hearts. Just like the game
That's like 25 heart, so it sounds like a shooting game with like a Castlevania twist on it
So it sounds like this will be coming to the Wii
Possibly there's rumors that the Silent Hill arcade game is going to come to the Wii rumors I
Think that there's more than one way to do it too. It doesn't necessarily have to be we only
This sounds neat in theory though. It does and it sounds pretty cool speaking of Silent Hill
I forgot to mention this during my gaming week, but the Silent Hill movie is right now. I know Comcast is nationwide
I don't know if they're on demand thing is nationwide, but Silent Hill is right now in the on demand in HD
For free on Comcast on demand so I actually watched it this weekend with William and and he well
He'd seen it once in a theater, but he said he didn't understand it at all
He needed me to explain it to him so we watched it, and I did but I'll tell you what Silent Hill in HD
very very hot
Sweet is very good-looking movie
And I I still like Silent Hill as a movie
And I hope that I hope the rumors of the sequel are true that they are doing it. I hope so, too
Okay, well how about some release dates Rob? How about it? Well for the 30th in the UK?
we have double D dodgeball on Xbox 360 and
Geometry Wars retro evolved to on Xbox 360
On the first though is a whole crap ton of stuff brothers in arms hell's highway
Ferrari challenge and that's on we by the way a flat-out ultimate carnage on PC hellboy the science of evil for ps3
Sbk o8 Superbike World Championship on some systems and Soulcalibur 4 on
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
Cool sounds pretty hot in the US
We have a few things coming out this week Soulcalibur 4 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
spectral force 3 on the 360 from Atlas
summer athletics on
PlayStation 2 we and Xbox 360 your generic summer olympics game and
We've got romance of the three kingdoms 11 on the PC
city life 2008 edition on PC
SNK arcade classics volume 1 on the Wii
MLB power pros 2008 on PlayStation 2 and the Wii
Everlight on the PC art of murder FBI confidential on PC
deadliest catch Alaskan storm on
PC and
Let's see here also in the u.s.. This week. We've got
Beijing 2008 on the PC and
Baseball mogul 2009 on PC and legend the hand of God on PC lots of easy games this week
Sounds like fun. It sounds like Soulcalibur 4 pretty much dominating the console really pretty much
Yeah, and if you don't want to play a fighting game spectral force 3 looks like a pretty good role-playing game
So there you go a very similar story over in Japan doing the Japanese release date
So we also have Soulcalibur 4 being a big presence in the Xbox 360 this week in Japan being released on the 31st of July
Also a special fighting stick is coming out from Hori to kind of commemorate Soulcalibur 4
Beijing Olympics 2008 also coming out on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan going over to the PlayStation 3
they're also getting Soulcalibur 4 of course on the 31st, and they are also getting the special fighting stick as well and
If you want Beijing Olympics 2008 on PlayStation 3 guess what here you go
It's coming out in Japan this week now going over the Nintendo Wii not a lot of games
I've heard of before but they do have a Dokapon Kingdom for Wii is coming out on on
the 31st as well as Wii de Tokotan Kanji noo is coming out as well and
Zero Gesu no Kamen comes out as well this week
And that game looks to be like a little bit of a survivor horror type game. So this game actually looks kind of cool
Kind of looking at some of the CG from the game. It's like crazy Fatal Frame 4. Is that what this is?
Yeah, ah, it's their version of Fatal Frame 4
very
Cool. I was gonna say that Dokapon Kingdom. That's that party game from Atlas the one that's
Promising that you'll ruin your friendship with your friends if you play it
Really? Yeah. Oh, yeah. It was on Mario Party type game. Yeah. What about this other one since we looked at the other two
Wii de Tokotan Kanji noo looks like I
Think it's like a it looks like one of those 200 in game 250 games in a game type thing
It looks a little weird. All right, probably not so many people going over that
Other systems, let's go to the handheld systems to see what's coming out in Japan. I'm sorry first PlayStation 2
Drastic Killer comes out this week Galaxy Angel 2, Gino Express
Hoshifuru
Kanokan Isui all come out this week on the PlayStation 2 going over to the handhelds and looking at what's coming out there
Quite a bit Dream Baseball on the DS comes out as well Dokapon Journey also on the Nintendo DS
Doki Doki Module Shinpan 2 comes out as well as SNK
What that's the one where you you fondle the the girls. It's oh my god
Wow, they actually made a sequel that look at that
The top screen is her face and the bottom screen is her boobies on the DS there
That's a Doki Doki Module Shinpan 2 all in the name of fighting witches. Yes
Also coming out Rhythm Tenku Gold comes out this week on the DS Steel Princess
Tozoku Ojou
Windy Cross Windom comes out as well lots and lots of DS releases this week PSP
Looking at those releases a little bit going on over there as well fantasy star portable being the most notable of the releases in Japan
This week Panic Palette portable and Giga Ojou Somo Denotsu Collection
Oh Joe Soma. Yeah, it's the PC Engine best collection. It's a PC Engine best collection
It's three PC Engine games
I'm not sure what games they are. That looks familiar. I just don't know what that is. They're
I'm a chick fighting. Yeah, it looks very familiar something
I don't know if it's come out or coming out though that I want from overseas. Hmm. What's that? That's um, the uh, a
Fantasy zone collection. I think we've covered it before they're shooters. Just you know, yeah
That's really familiar. I probably have a couple of them
All right. Well, there you have it your Japanese release dates busy week, especially on the handhelds in Japan
well, um
speaking of other busy events is that um, there has been a little um, I
guess
Controversy regarding a lack of halo information from what I understand the e3
But they actually were saying that halo is so big that it would probably need its own event or to quote
Big enough at this point that it can stand on its own
so there are a few hints going around and they've mentioned comic-con and
other
Conventions that there might be a halo con. In fact, um
Let me go see if I can't get this
name
Just we need another damn convention more plane tickets to buy
well, um
But it was I guess one of the the higher-ups saying that you can do a halo con
Nothing on the scale of comic-con, but you could bring a few hundred people to see a halo thing
If there were a Microsoft and bungee endorse like halo tournament uber thing. I bet I bet people would come
It depends where they have it Rob. I'd go
It won't wait. It would depend on where they have it. I'd go
I mean, I wouldn't buy another plane ticket to Seattle to go do it
But if they did in San Francisco, I'd drive maybe even la heck. Yeah, who knows?
Well, halo con possibly coming soon. I see kidnapped the press to bring him to that. You know
Scared the crap out of them. Let's be fun cosplay Master Chief
You think there'd be Master Chief cosplay halo con I would hope and Cortana and all your favorite and people dress up like Star Wars
Characters because there's always the Star Wars cosplayers no matter what the convention is. I don't know why
In fact someday when we have a well our con, you know some way it was some day way in the way in the future
We encourage people to come as Star Wars cosplayers
Yeah, because um, well Microsoft has actually made a games for Windows lives free for all
Maybe because the service didn't really I don't know
Fulfill what it's promised to be really take off. Yeah, it kind of
Didn't necessarily meet a kind of butter. But anyways, um, so yes, if you did pay for it already they are refunding your money and
it is effective immediately that games such as like Halo 2 and shadowrun and all future releases are free to play and
Actually, I heard another interesting rumor 3 is awesome, I think you're thinking the same thing I am what did you hear
I heard the rumor that
the games that are cross-platform enabled like shadowrun and
I want to say there was another one lost planet
Those if you have an Xbox 360 version of you can play those multiplayer on a silver account now and then
away
to more
Things possibly a foot in the door to a free online play on Xbox. That could be very interesting
We'll see is it because it's probably just competition from things like steam and other products that exist, you know out there all these kind of
competing
Portals for games on PC so to speak. It's lost planet colonies, by the way, that's multi-platform
Yeah, according to act deft and chat
Well, I like free so that's pretty cool. Except, you know, what did you hear play Halo on the computer the same thing?
Okay, that the silver accounts on Xbox live were able to play some of the games that were kind of impacted by this a little bit
One game I'm excited about when it comes to Xbox live in the future
Which by the way, it's not just coming to Xbox live supposed to be on PlayStation Network and Nintendo
We wear Mega Man 9 who is not excited about Mega Man 9 what you?
Get off my show. No, I'm just kidding
This this Mega Man 9 looks great
And I think it's cute that they're kind of going the extra mile with the retro goodness of this and an e3 some Mega Man 9
Box art t-shirts were spotted and it is the same classic cheesy box art
with Mega Man having the human head and everything like the Mega Man 2 box art, you know
It's like somebody happily great someone in Capcom got the joke. Yeah in other words
Well, they are actually releasing those as actual t-shirts according to a Capcom official blog
Capcom's marketing team in the US is super stoked that everyone is getting what we're doing with the box art
Including the Japanese development team and I promise you that we'll have some t-shirts of this beauty available for purchase soon
Awesome. Did you see the other one that they put out? Well, it wasn't them, but it was some other
Meatbun.com I think it was what it was. No, it was the
1942
Pinup girl thing with cami that shirt. Oh, I saw that not as funny. I ordered one
Did you you would I need new teeth. That was the other game. I played on Xbox live this week
I didn't even talk about 1942 now. That's how you remake a retro game for Xbox live
That's all I have to say that was I only played on Xbox live
That's all I have to say that was I only played the demo
But I was I was much more impressed with that than any other classic 80s game port
I have in a long time other than maybe pac-man championship edition
so just check that out if you were if you've been overlooking it because you're burned out on retro arcade releases because
1942 was pretty awesome. I gotta say
I like uh, the 19. What was the 1942 kai? That was a good one
But I want to see the the 1940 xx ones remade. Wouldn't that be cool? That would be really sweet
but um
Going back to the whole retro side of thing is that um, there's a hint that um, Igarashi is planning on doing a new castlevania
in 2d
For we on we wear that's going to be pretty cool. Um
It's uh supposed to be um
Trying to get back the interest into the original feel of the castlevania series
so, um
He says that he's gonna um pay attention to how a mega man 9
Uh is with the market and base his decision on that. So that's that's smart
I like this trend mega man 9 seems to be starting. Yeah, this could be very good
I think it's like, you know, it would also be very bad
We love our 2d but no one wants to really admit it in the 3d market until someone just says ah screw it
We're doing it anyway, and they're like, hey, they're making money on this
I don't think safe for very little money into it. You know, let's do it
I don't think anyone ever said that, you know, they didn't like it. I just don't understand why they don't
Why more people haven't been doing 2d games they sell just as well
People people are sucked in by 3d
I think someone figured out where to touch that retro nerve and that was capcom with the the mega man and now they got people
Excited now the other companies are going huh?
Could could we make money too could could retro goodness be a money-making machine now the problem it hopefully just the pool doesn't get diluted
Because then you'll see these other retro games that people aren't even going to care about and it's going to ruin everything
I don't know. I think it's a lot harder for them to go back and actually remake something because that means actually have to work on it
you know versus
I don't know just like hoarding something from like the playstation 2 or the gamecube
true
true
this is something that's pretty exciting and
I don't know why i'm excited about it since I you know up until a couple weeks ago
Didn't know what the hell the watchman was
Um, I knew it was a comic book series, but I haven't read it
Although I am interested in reading it now. But anyways, um at comic con they announced that they're going to be making
Um watchman episodic games on the pc ps3 and the 360
And these are going to coincide with the theatrical and dvd release of the films
So i'm assuming running up through march and you know, whenever the hell the film comes out
And they are actually going to be prequels to the movie and the storyline. So that's kind of cool
and they showed off some footage of it and the first uh, the kind of level that they showed off was with night owl and
uh row shot and it was kind of um
Pretty cool like beat him up type game
Game, they said it's also being um crafted by the person that's uh, or I should say the team behind faith in a 45
uh, which I want to say was a
game cop
Game cock game that was supposed to be coming out. No, actually, I think that that didn't have a publisher yet
but uh faith in 45 looked pretty awesome, so
um
Looks good. Can't wait to see it
Uh tiger high in our chat room wanted to point out loki
Warner brothers is also releasing a series of animated digital comics of the watchman on itunes
The first chapter is free cool
So if you're into the watchman, this is a very happy period of time for you
Uh, also a very happy period of time for geometry wars fans because geometry wars 2 is coming and guess what?
Unlike most xbox live arcade news. We usually have it's coming earlier than anticipated. That's great news
Uh, it's coming this week. July 30th is the big day for geometry wars 2 the bad news
It's not another five dollar game
It's a ten dollar game, but supposedly, uh, this game has a lot of new features
And you can even see from the early screenshots kind of like a four player mode in this game, which looks to be pretty awesome
um, so
I will definitely be checking this out and downloading it and apparently the trial version of geometry wars 2 is like the full
deadline game mode including
Multiplayer support but only locally but that's still pretty cool that the demo seems to be pretty generous for this game
so well, then the multiplayers are online anyways, because
You know with a game like this, they can't have multiplayer online because the lag is true. That's true
Uh, and bobby wants to remind you guys there is a trailer on xbox live for the new geometry wars
Yes, there is I downloaded it and checked it out. Looks looks pretty neat
Uh, I wonder if the graphics are really going to come out with that softer tone to them because it kind of looks neat
Uh, the graphics have this kind of adjusted
Uh, I don't know if it's just the early screenshots or what but I have a feeling this might be the final product this adjusted
Like soft tone to them that makes it look like an old vetrex game or something
It looks like they put vaseline on the camera lens
But it it sounds better than loki's describing it
It makes it gives a real soft look to it that gives an old 80s game flare. So it's kind of cool. I like that
All right, it'd be awesome to have geometry wars on vetrex like someone to do a homebrew game
You never know people are pretty crazy
All right, uh, this is now the part of the show where we're gonna take a quick break
Um, but not until we get to the classic game of the week because we always before the break like to talk
A little bit about the past and retro gaming goodness, which how appropriate following a story about geometry wars 2
Which is a little bit of a throwback to retro gaming
Dark soccer is going to dig through her archives and find an actual retro game that you all ought to check out and this week's title
If I'm not saying it's pretty obscure at least it was one
I had never heard of until I saw it on because I get I get to know before the rest of you
I saw it on the show roll this week
So i'm very curious to hear more about this game tonight in dark soccer's classic game of the week
The classic game of the week is a game that was on the neo geo systems, um put out by um
Sauris is the developer. Um, it's called shock troopers
Shock troopers is really freaking awesome
Um, basically, it's imagine how like a plane shooter game would be except you're running on the ground and that's what you've got
Um
You um, basically you can uh fire your guns in eight directions. You can strafe you can um
Uh, if you attack uh point blank, you can actually get items and bonuses and power-ups and the extra life things like that
You can you actually have a dodge button too
There's a team battle mode. Um, you can uh, pick different, uh soldiers in the game and everything
Um
and actually, um
One of the uh, the cool things about this is that um, it was actually intense. It was uh,
From what I understand that it was actually sort of intended on being a nod to metal slug
So that's actually pretty cool even though it, you know completely is in a different, uh
Direction, but you've got uh different characters too. You have jackal who has a grenade for special weapon milky who uses napalm
There's a loki in this who uses explosive shells
Southern cross who uses a boomerang marie b who has a rocket launcher
Rio has exploding arrows maru has grass gas grenades and big mama has a grenade launcher
I want to play this game as big mama. That sounds awesome
But as you go through the game, um, you can actually pick a different path the jungle mountain or valley
um, and you can switch to a different route or
Continue on the same so it's basically sort of a running gun sort of sort of game cool
The guy has a flamethrower right there looks like a kari warrior watching it. Yeah, it looks like a car
Yeah, it is a lot like a warrior a lot more souped up
Um, and there's also one called shock trooper second squad
Um, that's supposed to be stand alone. Um, no connection
Um, and uh, you can only choose the four characters, um, and it has no team mode
It is also a little bit more cartoony and um, the sprites have sort of a rendered feel to them
Um, because it's actually it's a lot completely too deep. The 3d graphics are pre-rendered. So
It's actually a release on playstation 2 and psp
So that's pretty cool. It was actually we got it in north america through the smk arcade
It was actually we got it in north america through the smk arcade classics volume one and now you can get it on the wii 2
That just came out
Really yeah smk arcade. Oh, oh the class. Oh, I thought you meant on virtual console. I'm like really I don't remember
Okay, I like the music in it too. It's very, you know, let me turn it up a little bit so people can hear
It's a little hard to hear over the gunfire, but you get a sense for it
Cool, all right. Yeah, pretty cool. So there it is your classic game of the week shock troopers for the neo geo
Pretty awesome. I think it's just the neo geo arcade systems. Well, you know
close enough
Yeah, it never took that back. It did come out on the um, avs
I was gonna say couldn't you get just about any arcade came out on the avs?
Is it a hard to find one? I don't think so. Okay. I just had forgotten about it. That's all right
All right. So there you have it shock troopers your classic game of the week and we are going to take a quick break
But we will be back in just a minute with more of orange lounge radio again
We are this is probably last time i'll remind you guys. We are one big show now
So if you're listening on the podcast just stay tuned and we're going to take a free break
And we'll be back with more of orange lounge radio for those listening live
You got some music coming your way. We'll be back
Hi, this is your buddy rob roberts here recently
I have become appalled at some of the language that people use on xbox live
You always can't suck my fucking dick. I just got a dick in your ass. Do I have dick in your butt?
Can where's barbie? Yeah, where's barbie? Is that urkel urkel's your barbie, huh?
She in malibu or no, please stop spewing hate speech on xbox live
It doesn't make you look cool. It won't get you any friends and at the end of the day
You still have an incredibly small penis
Gaming radio so uncensored
And even tom brokaw could get a job with us, uh, mocha mochake orange lounge radio
So
Welcome back boys and girls to orange lounge radio. We are live here on this lovely sunday evening
july the 27th 2008
For more of the same great gaming news and chat and your comments at chat orange lounge radio
calm
All right, we're halfway there. We got plenty more news to cover tonight. Uh, let's get right into it
Loki start us off
If you can put you on your ds for five minutes come back to the show you are
I'm, sorry. Am I interrupting something loki? I was just playing cord 10 ds. Anyways, um, there are rumors via linked
Or I should say a leaked
pictures of a I guess a psp case
Um saying that the psp 3000 has already been or is in works right now
In fact, this supposedly picture is of one of the designs that they I don't know didn't go with
and um some of the features though on this design which may you know
Reflect some of the changes that we'll see in the final psp 3000 design
Includes a built-in microphone and that they replaced the home button with a playstation
button much like on the um
Ps3 six axis or dualshock 3 controllers, so i'm not too surprised by that
I'm, not too surprised by that. Um
That might also explain why we don't have the microphone attachment out here yet
Because there may be a whole nother
psp coming out
And i'm sure this one will be completely unhackable
Oh, yeah, because sony prevented that now you they they said we're putting stuff to this right now. That's right
It's only taking us a few years, but we're putting stuff to it. Absolutely no more
All right. Well, what do you think?
I mean is it time for the psp to get a remodel or is it too soon or will it drive sales? What?
um
I don't think it's going to drive sales
I mean it might a little bit because they have a built-in microphone it may allow them to do
More things with it depending on what features they add to it
You know with a built-in microphone you can play crappy karaoke games
You can do the stupid stuff that they do with the ds where you can blow into the microphone to do things
I don't know
Um might be kind of cool to do really crappy skype
Without using a headset with it. I guess that's true voice over ip possibly, you know
You could do some side talking so sony fans next time. Uh, someone tries to tell you the psp blows you can say yes it does
right
Or you blow on the psp you blow the psp, you can go blow the psp. Um
Um, hey one of the uh, interesting games that was being shown at e3 this year by sony was a little game called fat princess
Um, very unique standout title. That's for sure. And apparently the game is playable with 32 people online. Uh, and uh, what's
It just kind of looks interesting. It has a very unique kind of art style to it kind of looks like a cartoon thing
but apparently
The feminist gamers are not happy is his actual gaming blog feminist gamers.com
Gamers.com is one gaming blog and shakes shakesville is another one
Shakespeare's sister.blogspot.com which by the way great 90s band with shakespeare's sister, uh, these uh blogs are not happy. Uh, they are voicing. Uh,
Great displeasure to sony, uh in shakespeare. They said quote congrats on your awesome new game sony
I'm positively thrilled to see such unyielding dedication to creating a new generation of fat-hating
heteronormative assholes and then uh feminist gamer, uh,
Quoted quote instead of running out into the forest to find cake to fatten up the princess with why not go out and find gold
To stuff into a treasure chest the more gold in the chest the heavier it would be and the harder it would be to carry
Uh, so obviously some women groups are getting very upset now titan studios
The art director there has actually came out and commented on the whole situation
after this, uh, he actually um
Said does it make it better or worse that the concept artist who designed the look characters and everything is a girl?
So how about they all just shut up and get over it?
Learn to be offended people. It's not you know, if people got their you know
Less of a stick up their ass about certain things. I think the world would be a whole lot nicer. Don't you?
And notice that the game is called fat princess. It's not saying like all women are fat
I mean if they put out a game called that I can see where people might get a little bit offended
But it's just a princess who happens to be fat
But let let us remember the mika song big girl. You are beautiful
What's what's wrong with you know this this is just it's innocent
I think people are just getting their feathers a little too ruffled over this. You know what I mean?
So
Yeah, there you have it. I'm curious chat. Is it is it offensive or no? Let's see, uh,
Game guru says they complain about unrealistic looks for women with laura croft. I guess trying to say, you know, laura
you know, it should be called or the game should be called fat princess gets no love and
Because she's fat. Let's see. That's wrong. That's right. That's offensive. Uh, janaya says fat kirby
I don't see kirby's pretty fat. How how about this?
How about lose any sort of social, you know?
The the only reason that I think that there's such a bad
Social stigma about this is that people do get offended about it
It's like why can't people just learn to accept themselves and to stop
Being so fucking offended if you don't have a problem with weight then don't worry about it
It's not your problem
What if they don't get offended for people? Why don't they just call the game? I like cake
perfect
Okay, because seriously if cake offends somebody then there's just no pleasing you right
I like cake. I like cake a lot. I mean seriously look at me
All right. Can we move on please?
Loki offends me
Well, guess what? What's that? Something that might not offend people. Although people always find a reason to get offended is um
There's gonna be more dragon force in guitar hero 3
I I the only thing that's going to be offended is my high score
With that because if the dragon force songs are as hard as the one in the game i'm going to be screwed
well, the songs that some of the songs included are heroes of our time and operation ground and pound and
a revolution death squad
Nice, they're going to be 500. Um
Microsoft points for those three
Sounds like a good time. Hell. Yeah
I like dragon force good stuff
I just wonder if they're all going to be as freaking hard because that's going to suck
Well one thing not coming to the playstation network anytime soon is wipeout hd
Apparently it's being held up by epilepsy tests. The game is so hardcore. It makes people have seizures
So, uh now that's offensive
yeah, apparently, um
I guess it's
I guess it's according to uh computers and video games wipeouts h or wipeout hd's delay is because um
A little bit more technical features. It's uh extra features
and
Apparently it needs to be re-engineered in order to pass the epilepsy tests
Can you imagine what would happen if sony had neglected to do that like how much poop they'd be in?
In the general populace if they had like just forgot to make that kind of testing and all these kids everywhere
Were having seizures because of a video game. Oh my god
I guess it's a good thing. They go through all these strict tests before video games released, huh?
Yeah in a way
It's a good thing. They have all those seizure warnings on their manuals and stuff. That's true, too
Um, anyhow the dark knight have you seen the dark knight movie?
Kind of yeah kind of neat. No, I'm not going to you're not excited. I don't want to see it
Why not? It wasn't bad. It was long. I've decided. I don't want to see it
All right. Well your choice it is
Movies are expensive these days. It's 10 bucks to go see a movie. Uh, well, they are making a video game based on the dark
night, uh
And yeah, I know big surprise. That's not news, right?
But I guess they've kind of kept this all under wraps
It was actually gary oldman in an interview kind of uh spilled the beans that the game was coming out
And it caused this whole like little controversy where a video was out and then it was pulled and now it's out again
And all this other dumb stuff not to mention that was also leaked by ign before that. Well, I mean seriously, duh
There's going to be a dark knight game duh
Duh, duh, they've been making batman games ever since the old nes batman game, which was actually pretty rad
The old batman game was awesome. The old batman game was awesome batman returns less awesome
But the original batman game was pretty awesome and there's even lego batman and all this crap anyway
But um the dark knight kind of funny enough. It was not there at e3
Um, but it is still coming out and i'm imagining the game will be out probably around the time of the blu-ray release
Uh of the movie and dvd release of the movie which will be you know in time for christmas
I imagine uh gary oldman does is quoted in the video saying quote. It's hard to make a movie like this under the radar
Game i'm assuming no he meant to say the movie, you know because the movie things go out
But it's just kind of ironic because you know duh the game was coming right duh duh
Uh
So there you have it uh dark knight the game coming out soon
Joy
Anyway, um, and by the way, I don't want to see it just because i'm sick of hearing about it
That's why I don't want to see it
um
What?
I was gonna say
It doesn't make it any worse of a movie though
But I understand hype hype machine sometimes kills things and will kind of like, you know
If you hear all this hype this hype this hype about something you need to watch it and you go
It's good, but it's not great. And that's what a lot of people are saying about batman
It's good, but it's not that great of all this hype. I didn't really care about seeing the last one either
See, I just saw it at home as a batman fan
I think they're far better than the schumacher films which were terrible terrible terrible
These new yeah, they don't exist in my world, but these new ones not so bad
In fact, really I I I thought this new one was long, but it was worth my time. It was good
I agree with my husband. I won't see one until I get a soul, uh, uh a two-face only movie
I don't want to say anything as a spoiler. I already know i'm just gonna back up for that
But I will say this. I already know I also paid ten dollars to see mamma mia this week now that I would see
And i'm going to see x files as soon as I get chance. I will only see mom. I'm sorry
I'm sorry. I heard yeah, I heard the x files movies
Not hot. I really don't it's fan service though. If you watch the show, you'll probably like it stay stay through the credits
You don't want to miss that one. My my point is that
My point is that I want to form my own judgment on it. So i'm gonna just see it for myself
Fair enough. I won't see mamma mia again though until they let the audience sing along with the movie
Were they
Dexter game that's coming out for iphones. Do you remember us talking about that before?
Um, actually, uh mark echo, um, who is a he does that clothing line and does graffiti
um is actually uh supposed to be working with it, I do believe and um
It's uh, his development company is actually making the game and it's going to be an uh episodic content
And as far as I know I do believe that uh, dextre is a a show about a serial killer
Who is a uh splatter analysis for the miami police department?
so, um
He's uh
It's a very interesting premise and I think that the the game has a good promise
He's a serial killer that kills serial killers because he has the urge to kill people, but he doesn't want to
but he doesn't want to
So he kills serial killers
That's extra special. It's on showtime, which means you know, it can be
Which means I won't watch it
Yeah, I think they've run it on cbs a couple times like during the rider strike and stuff when they needed programming
But you know, it sounds like an it could be an interesting game interesting
Keyword i'd just like to see it see what episodic content they're thinking of and the fact it's on the iphone of all things
It's kind of it's interesting
We'll see how it turns out. I guess tap here to murder
Gold banjo and chat says I see that show every once in a while and I think it's awesome
Well, no, I heard a lot of people like it. I just since I don't have show time. I don't really watch it
Chat.orangelandraday.com if you want to comment
Well last week we talked a little bit how there were rumors that grand theft auto 4 was coming out on the pc
Well now there's even more confirmation of this first starting off with the pc gamer magazine from malaysia. Yeah, I know that's not
Exactly in the us or uk or whatever, but hey, it's on the cover. So that's got to say something, right?
um, so they had a big little article about that and um also there was a um,
Posting which is now removed on the esrb website. Apparently no one got the memo over at um,
Rockstar games about the fact that you can delay when your um posting gets listed on there
Oopsie, so it's more or less coming out. Of course
Rockstar games is denying that they well, they're basically telling the truth
We have made no announcements regarding a pc version of grand theft auto 4
But yes, that is
entirely accurate
Um
So, yeah, i'm sure it will be coming to pc. It's not a surprise all the like last few have so
And this means hello hacking
That's what i'm most interested in is all the mods for it. That'll be awesome skinning
How many days let's make predictions how many days before grand theft auto 4 pc has a topless mod?
Meaning all the women walk around topless
10
10
I I say it comes out before the game's even on shelves like it'll get pirated before the game's even out
And somebody makes the mod before the game even comes out
There you have it
All right. Well also, uh coming out and uh another port that's highly anticipated although of a completely different type
It's the game peggle the popcap game. That's kind of like a plinko on crack
Uh, I don't know if you played this game
I really enjoy it on the ipod and I bet there would be a lot of ds people who like this game as well. Um
Apparently though one at one time this game was denied by popcap as existing but popcap has come around and confirmed
Yes, we are making a peggle ds game and it's coming out this winter
Um, that's really all there is to say about it right now. But uh, hey, it's it's popcap. It's peggle
That means you could already try it out for free probably on popcap.com
I think this is one of their games you can try for free and you'll have a good idea what to expect
On the ds later this year and it's fun, you know for a casual game. It's a lot of fun. It's stupidly simple
You just fire a ball down the little you know playing field
It's I guess you could say the closest thing it resembles is like pinball in a way although
You know pinball has ramps and you know other things that peggle doesn't have but it's it's neat
I enjoy peggle. It's a great ipod game. It's almost made for the ipod
So, all right
This is the part of the show where we're going to open it up to you guys to participate with us
This is a little segment we have here on the show called the orange lounge radio mailbag every week
You guys send us emails at mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and dark sakura picks a few of her favorites and reads them
Right here on air for us to respond to or make fun of depending on what kind of mood we're in
So let's open up ye old mailbag and dark sakura
Take it away
Fresh email comes from azhp
Hey, olr crew with all the talk about f-zero gx being one of the greatest racers on last week's show
And eager anticipation of a wii title being announced. I figured i'd poke my head in and say that unfortunately
Miyamoto went on record saying he wasn't he was extremely disappointed in how sega
And how sega approached f-zero gx slash ax and that if f-zero were to be made for another console
It would not be in the same style as gx
This is probably because it was too difficult hard confusing
But in my opinion, it was really one of the greatest racers for the sense of speed and chaos
That came with playing the game even at the rookie difficulty levels
The game was critically acclaimed as well received higher than um, eight over ten for most game reviewers
I um, I for one love love loved f-zero gx and i'm more than excited at the thought of another f-zero game
Especially in hd, but unfortunately, it probably will never come to pass
Let's hope miyamoto comes to his senses and green lights this game because honestly
How could anyone not like that game aside from getting terribly motion sick on it or something keep up the great work in ps
I went to disneyland for the first time in about 15 years and I now realize why you guys trip down there
So often it really is a place where dreams come true
Oh, I haven't been in like a year. So I don't have my past anymore. So
Um, but yeah f-zero, I mean I I think it's stupid that they won't do another one just because you know
They don't think it'll work. I don't think of some stupid we feature to implement in it
That'll make it worthwhile at least I hope I really hope because you know, you're right. It's critically acclaimed and uh,
You know gamers that bought it loved it and I I just I hope they do it. I hope a miracle pulls through
I hope a miracle pulls through i'm not going to hold my breath, but um, it would just be great
Well, how about you miyamoto realize that?
Maybe they should actually give gamers what they want
Wasn't there actually a dsf zero after ax gx? I still thought I thought there was I I could be wrong
It might have been before but I seem to remember there was one after
well, um
next email
Um, hi, olr and this comes from ritual insomnia actually j rod. Sorry. Oops. Sorry
Um, first off I must say I'm thrilled beyond belief in your choice for putting out one podcast instead of two small ones
I work 10 hour days and look forward to listening to you guys on fridays
So thank you for making the decision for one podcast so I can get you earlier and make one days easier
I'm emailing because I have a hard decision to make you guys had your e3 wrap-up show, which was great
But failed to even mention a huge huge title gears of war 2 i'm absolutely stoked for this game
And you didn't even mention a peep about the level playthrough at microsoft's keynote
I actually didn't think about it. Sorry, um, this puts me in a position. I don't know whether to chainsaw your ferret or not
Well, you can't get to the ferret so you can't
Um, I mean you did make up for by having a discussion about the new, uh game silent hill
Okay, you used game a bunch of times homecoming and declared a pyramid head day, but you dissed the good old-fashioned curb stomping sequel
How are the humans supposed to win the fight against the locusts without your support
My uh, marcus says chainsaw dahlia. Gillespie says for me to be nice
I don't know what to do with you people these emails sponsored by the olive garden home of the never-ending salads and breadsticks
And i'll stop ripping off my signature fools
Dude, seriously, it's not like I forgot about gears of war 2. I did not forget about gears of war 2 a lot of news
I just didn't care. I honestly didn't fucking care. I hated gears of war 1 and gears of war 2. Guess what?
I'm, not buying it and to be honest. I mean there's enough news out there
Do I really need to mention that they played through the level of you know gears of war 2?
No, I don't need to because guess what we didn't talk about every single demo that they have there. I mean, seriously
I'm loling because i'm looking at the show roll and I see what story we have coming out of the mailbag tonight
That's funny. Well that that is funny and you know, we've mentioned plenty of them
It is funny and you know, we've mentioned plenty about gears of war 2 prior to that show. So
That's what I had to say who gives a crap
Well, bobby bobby makes a good point though in chat. He says gears of war 2 wasn't really at e3
It was just at the keynote
He says gears of war 2 will be playable at packs half of microsoft's booth will be gears 2
So even though we did have the playthrough at packs, you know, not a lot of people or I mean i'm sorry at the e3
Keynote we didn't have a lot of people. Um get hands-on impressions of the game and you know for for somebody like me
Who's not quite as into that series? There's not a lot for me to say other than well
It looks like the first one but better a little bit
But I don't know I I know there were a lot of actually there were a lot of non-shooting people that were really into gears
Of war 2 so who knows i'll give it a go
I will give gears of war 2 a go, but i'm not going to buy it the day
It comes out like I did gears of war 1, but I will check it out through a friend or something
I'll make lowkey loamy his copy if he even buys it or something or I guess i'll just have to get a gamefly account
I don't know
But I just realized there was a lot a lot of e3 news next week some things fell through the cracks
Next email, um, good sunday evening to you. Olr. I trust that. Everyone's been having a nice week so far
Anyways, i'd like to say i'm kind of slow on catching up on the past couple of episodes because I can't store them onto my ipod
Anymore, I have a one gigabyte shuffle and I carry around wherever I go and I can usually save 50-ish megabytes for olr
Since the newer episodes are seven are 70 megabytes now i'm struggling to make ends meet on my ipod very nice format though
When I heard the news about final fantasy 13
Being a 360 release as well. I tried thinking of ps3 exclusives
While the first party fair have been from decent, um motorstorm to best games i've ever played metal gear solid 4
I've yet to see many good third-party games. Hayes doesn't count
Um, what i'm saying is that developers should put a little more faith into the ps3 by releasing original innovative games
Not just crappy added bonuses that were originally for dlc ports
Is it something with the cell processor that turns developers off or is it the fact that more people own 360s?
But I first can't wait for the naruto ps3 game coming out in october though
One last thing with the addition of butterfly and ww and ddrx. I think that konami has gone too far and reminiscing
um
I mean sure those are a couple of the best songs ddr has offered in its 10 years, but it just seems a little dated
Uh, the additions are like a slutty girlfriend. She may be nice and all but who hasn't done her
That's funny. I mean any ddr player has played butterfly at least 100 times in his or her life, right?
Why add it in a console version now?
Well, that's all I have to say
For the past few weeks and e3 while disappointing for some did have some very high points until next time katamari's forever
This message brought to you by kenya home of the never-ending american ip addresses
Well, i'm sorry to hear that the new format's not working for you, buddy
Um, you know, obviously there's always gonna people love the idea and some people that don't like the idea
I I hope you're able to negotiate 20 more megs on your ipod to make it work. I hope one way or another so
That's what i'll have to say the rest of it, you know
Good thoughts
That's it there's more okay
Um greetings everyone ron may uh here live from the laundromat show and some heart. Are you at the laundromat right now?
No
Yeah, well, no looking at the time
Before I begin there's a few things i'd like to say to dark sakura
Um, i've said thank you like hundreds of times, but thank you again for everything when I came out to visit
I truly loved and enjoyed everything words cannot describe how much I appreciated your hospitality
When you come to nyc, I will give that back to you a thousand fold. Oh, that's so sweet. Thank you
To rob. I wish we had more time to hang out not enough
Thank you so much for allowing me to be part of the show two weeks ago and fyi
Part of my reasoning for coming back was to be on the show
As I said before when you come to new york city, I will give you that back
Give that back to you a thousand fold because you're so fabulous
To loki you're all right in my book too bad. We didn't get a chance to talk more and
Uh and be more chill you were supposed to come join me and jamie for lunch
Yeah, I did call you a couple times
Um, I was looking forward to that, you know, but it's okay when you come out here to new york city
I will show you a damn good time now on to some other things
Oh, wow, this is a long email, sorry
um
I've said in the past. It would not surprise me that square enix would put final fantasy 12. He said 12
I guess maybe means 13, um on xbox 360. Thank you screen x for saving my roommate 400 on a paperweight
I know the reason why they keep doing this and it's the same reason
I feel that konami will put metal gear solid 4 on the xbox 360
I'm not saying that because i'm a drooling fanboy, but from a financial point of view
The money that these companies are investing in the titles will not be made back on the ps3 due to the fact that it has
A lower consumer home base and then the 360 that that was the point actually I agree with
I'm putting these titles on another next-gen platform will allow these companies to make back more money invested in these titles
And speaking of konami people are calling for others to not support konami as a sad reality
I understand where you're coming from about this though
The whole lawsuit with konami versus viacom is not konami's fault
You have to blame ad division about this because they're the ones paying licensing fees to them for guitar hero
Everyone is saying that konami is too little too late, but people have forgotten that there's more to the companies besides bemani
Konami has other titles such as will castlevania contra metal gear solid to name a few
Also konami is focused on more drum than guitars if you look at the song list
um
I have heard people saying that the game looks like trash, but honestly, I like it. I like the gameplay screens
And what annoys me more is that bemani fanboys girls
Are going to foam at the mouth because of no guitar freaks drummania tracks in the game
If konami added a lot of those tracks
They would be alienating the casual gamer who has never heard of these songs and wouldn't bother to get the game
That's my two cents on it
Any who keep up the good work and don't stop believing
This email is brought to you by joey pisanos on mulberry street in the heart of little italy home of the 595 lunch specials
You'll love pisanos
And also by anime jam sessions the newest anime cosplay podcast cheap plug. Yep
um
Yeah, uh
I I I like what black hole is saying in chat right now
I'm, just reading does he like the dark gray note on the black background that you can't even see because that's one of the symbols
No, I I don't agree with him that
If you put some bow mai tracks in there that alienate, you know
The people that were gonna buy it or whatever. Um, I mean look at some of the tracks that they have in guitar hero
That are unlockables like their bonus tracks that are non-life either independent artists or you know, um
at the time harmonics, um
Artists like kind of like freeze pop and stuff. I mean i'm pretty sure freeze pop isn't main, you know
A mainstream artist that everybody would love. I mean because some people find them annoying like me
um
And so some of the guitar hero tracks or guitar freaks tracks could easily be unlockable songs in that but no
That would be you know
Trying to even incorporate their old audience into it. Oh, well that
That would be awful. I mean, I would think they would want to do that because at least those people might buy your game
Whereas the other people may not buy your game. So at least try to get what sort of audience you have already
To buy that game
On the other topic. I agree with his reasoning for the final fantasy 13 on the xbox 360
It just makes sense that they want to get up make sure they get all the development costs back
By making sure they get a good share of the u.s
marketplace
Um marketplace, um, although I think there would have been a lot of people that would have jumped ship to a playstation 3
Just to get it for final fantasy. Um, 13 myself being one of them
But I still generally agree with the ideas on why they're doing it
So there you have it
Any more emails tonight one one more
Hey, olr
Hi, i've been thinking about starting to play world of warcraft
But the 15 a month fee will take up most of my yearly gaming budget
I would like everyone's opinion on whether it is whether or not it is worth
The fee is guild wars or another mmorpg without a fee a viable alternative
I heard that there are free private servers for world of warcraft as well. Are these legitimate? No
They're not very good time. Keep on keeping on seth
um
I honestly world of warcraft. I got very burned on it very quickly
I suggest if you can find like a a trial
Try out a trial of it, you know, see how you like it
But guild wars I think will be better for your money
If you're wanting to play a legitimate game that has a user base already
Or you know go old school like a bunch of us are and play on a free, uh, ragnarok online server
I I agree though that guild wars is a viable alternative to world of warcraft. I mean, it's different
You can't you can't say they're the same game because they're not the way they you know at glance
They look the same and even at first kind of when you're first playing them
You're like, oh there's a lot of similarities, but kind of the way the end game works is much different
I mean guild wars is really, you know about guilds warring in the in the kind of final end stages
There's only 20 levels in the game after all, um kind of a little more pvp-ish
But I do think uh, you know warcraft is a lot of fun
Obviously i've been playing it for a long long time
But I mean if that's really all your gaming budget really going to warcraft in that case
Um, I I would agree check out a demo you can get a demo for two dollars or if you know anybody
Uh that is already in warcraft hell if you email me i'll get you a freaking code so you can download a 10-day demo
Uh any player in the game can has access to be able to do it through the warcraft website
And you can download the client online
so
Very very easy to check out the game and judge for yourself because you get a pretty decent amount of time to judge the game
and you know, I I actually I sort of had the thought of uh,
Giving it one more go myself
I mean I got really annoyed with it and but I figured if I you know
And this is what I always do is that I play for a couple months and quit again
so
I guess being in school. I'm not gonna really have a whole lot of time to play but I was thinking of
Maybe giving it another go just it got really boring blood elves are hot. They are
But it got really boring
Oh, I didn't think they were around when you were playing last time. Yeah, it was. Oh, I couldn't remember
I couldn't remember. I had just upgraded. Oh, wow. Okay. Remember? Yeah, that's right. I remember I remember. Yeah
All right
So that's it for the email then
All right
If you want to send us an email mailbag at orange launcher trader.com is the place to send those emails
For now loki is going to take us back to some gaming news with a very familiar topic. Yes
Uh, how ironic all of this, uh gears of war 2
There's some new things been announced about it including that they're going to have some content
For gears of war 2 unlocked by achievements that you've earned from gears of war 1
And they gave a couple examples of unlockable characters based on different achievements that you had. So that's kind of neat
And also there's supposed to be one uber bundle coming for it kind of like the legendary edition for halo 3
which will be the 130 lancer bundle that will come with a
Lancer, um, yes a miniature replica model of a lancer. What game is this again?
Gears of war 2 i'm getting gears of war 2
It's not the same kind of lancer that you're thinking of. It's a chainsaw gun
I still want one
All right, I like everything lancer, what about the whole achievements thing
The whole achievements thing. Yeah. Yeah, I mentioned that. Oh, sorry. I spaced for a minute
I don't know. What do you think of it though? It's an achievement horn. I think that's kind of cool
Yeah, I think it's something they should implement in other games. It will get you to buy
Some of their older games like gears of war especially for the achievement horror in all of this exactly you make the announcement now
They just released that gears of war refresh time to buy your copy of that for like 39.99
And then you get some achievements and you unlock some new stuff. They used to do that kind of with um,
Burnout actually remember um burnout like uh, three and stuff like that. They used to burn out revenge actually did this
Um, if you had a game save for burnout 3 you got a car from burnout 3 and then also if you had a madden save
Um, you got the madden van
In burnout so interesting. I don't understand why they don't do this more often. But yeah, whatever
All right
Um
Cool, I like the idea
Uh, but I don't know if I would go buy a game just for more achievements
But one game I am definitely considering buying is mortal combat versus dc universe because I actually like mortal combat quite a bit
And as even though i'm not as huge into comic books as some other people
Um, I think the dc universe characters are pretty good and you know tons of people have joker fever right now because of you know
The new movie that just came out and the gazillions of dollars it's making and so on and so on lots of people
Uh loving the joker right now
And so it just was fitting that this week at comic con
It was announced that the joker has been added to the roster of characters for mortal combat versus dc universe
Also, though it didn't stop there jax and katana from the mortal combat side are both confirmed for the game
Which I think are kind of must-haves especially katana. Um, jax is a really cool character, too
So i'm glad they have him there. Um also from the dc comics world green lantern is also going to be in the game
That could be pretty cool. Maybe seals. So there you have it
Um, now the question is since uh villains
Supposedly could have fatalities even though heroes count because the whole dc comics rules could the joker kill people in the game
I don't know
I I don't
I think even if their fatalities are going to be really um kind of softened down. You're not going to see any head ripping
honestly
If it's the joker
You don't know what he's going to do
I think that if they give him fatalities they either should or shouldn't go off at random
Like like if he pulled out a gun it either blow their head off or like punch him with a big fist or something
Nice idea. I like that or like say bang because this is the joker you don't know what he's going to do
He does this to freak you out
That's a good idea. That would that would be very joker and then you know, you could get like bang bang bang
You know three things in a row and right when you think oh, it's not gonna happen. Boom headshot. So
uh game guru, uh
Uh, um hypothesizes the joker will use his laughing gas in our chat room. Um
Zennane chat says jax was booed when he first came up at the panel. That's sad. Jax is cool
He has mental arms because they he he's got his own fatality done on him somehow
Oh
I would like to say that I have some interesting news. Oh, really
Yes, really and this makes me quite happy
Um, although i'm actually going to include something else that wasn't quite mentioned. Um, well that we don't have in show role
But ties into this, uh, thanks to somebody else bringing it to my attention a few days ago
um
there is actually um a rumor stating, um, and this actually, uh was going on at a
san diego comic con 08, um
marvel studios president of production
Um was saying, uh, well, they were actually asked if there would be another marvel versus capcom and he said yes
And maybe sooner than you think
So, but the other thing i've been reading is that when and you know, i've covered this on the show before um,
Tatsunoko versus capcom which by the way, there's more stuff out more characters in it including a hurricane polymer
kashan
gachiman
um
The robot one I can never remember the name of
um tekkeman
And for for anyone who's like and also batsu is in it from rival schools. Um, uh,
morrigan, um, just a bunch of you know characters
But going back to the the marvel, uh versus capcom tie-in is that they're actually saying that with um, the current test machines being out
In japan for tatsunoko versus capcom that marvel was sort of like, uh, we want to make money off of this again
Since you've got this brand new shiny fighting game engine. We want to use it, please
Except we're sort of licensed out right now, but it would still be nice
Please
Aj mixx wants to see some power stone characters
There actually from what I understand they have a uh for tatsunoko versus capcom
And actually if you give me a second i'll get the character list for you real quick
Um, the actual full trailer of for tatsunoko versus capcom is actually up on um youtube right now
You can find it easy just looking up tatsunoko versus capcom, but give me just a quick sec
I just think the whole thing is interesting. I I this always makes me laugh how you have, you know
The street fighter and mortal combat were always kind of like these two, you know competing franchises in the fighting game world
And you have dc comics and and marvel or the two in the comic world
It's just really funny how the cards fell and you always have marvel versus capcom and now you have mortal combat versus dc
Finally after kind of all these years when you would think this team-up would have happened a while sooner
Okay, so far I don't have the the full list of everything. Um, okay here's what we have so far for the list of tatsunoko
Versus capcom characters. We have um, awashi no ken who is a g1 for gachaman. Um, kashan from uh,
The kashan anime tekaman from tekaman the space knight yataman number one from yachaman hurricane polymer
and uh gold light on from golden warrior gold light on and from um,
Capcom, there's ryu chun li batsu from rival schools alex from street fighter 3 morgan from um
Darkstalkers and silky from onimusha dawn of dreams
So it's actually on location test. Um in tokyo right now. Um,
And hopefully i've been hearing that there might actually be a bit more. Um,
As far as an actual release date soon. In fact, i'm pulling up another
Uh list here that they're saying a december 2008 actual release window. So that's fairly cool
I hope they they add more characters, though
I really do but the poster though seems to be pretty finalized the one that they've got out now
All right, i'm just surprised I I want speed racer as a hidden character
That was a tatsunoko production thing
Lord katsuhito in chat says tatsunoko versus capcom could come to the u.s. It just depends on who holds what license to which tatsunoko anime
Still is going to be a pain in the ass though, you know either way
So, you know what?
I i'm gonna import it no matter what so
got to
You love gachaman and all those other characters. I I would not that news does not surprise me one bit
All right, um, well if you have been following core, which is that new downloadable magazine that they have on the playstation network
You'll probably have figured out that
If you have purchased the I want to say the august version of core and whatever one just came out
You'll actually be able to get into the
Resistance 2 beta this september and um, also there will be some other ways to get in besides that
According to my resistance dot net but the best way to get early access involves you pre-ordering the game
And they'll make some more announcements regarding that soon
But if you want to get in early access, you can get in early access
But if you want to get in early access, you can get in early access, you can get in early access, you can get in early access
But if you want to you can pay $3 for core and not only do you get a demo for the new naruto game
But you get into um the resistance beta
Huh
I I don't like this whole pay to get into our beta thing. That's been very popular lately, you know
Whatever happened to the good old, uh fashions, you know
sign up for it
You know, it doesn't go out to the public at all. It's just friends and family, even that.
I don't know, it's a little silly.
The pain for demos have been around for a long time.
Remember when you used to have to buy the PlayStation Magazine to get your demo disc?
Doesn't mean I like it.
Doesn't mean I like it one bit.
Do you, will you sign up for, you like Resistance, will you sign up for a core membership?
No, because it's a 60-player multiplayer online, and I didn't really play much of the online multiplayer.
I played mainly the single-player campaign, so I'm not interested.
Well, then there you go.
All right, well, I think we need to get, give out an award for stupidity.
Thank God it doesn't have to do with any type of mass murder thing this week or anything like that.
It's much easier this week.
It has to do with a dumb media person, and it's Jane Wells from CNBC.
Congratulations, you're the wiener of the stupid award this week.
Here's why. It's because she has gone on to the network and has basically declared that Sony is going to win the console battle.
Now, I don't have a problem if people want to declare that Sony is going to win the console battle,
as long as they use, you know, figures or sales or even history, for God's sake.
I don't care, but here's the reason why she said that Sony is going to win the console war.
It's because her son said so. Her 16-year-old son said so.
He was an Xbox 360 fanboy, but then the E3 press conferences happened, and this happened.
He watched the Sony press conference, and the world as we know it changed.
After hearing about Metal Gear Solid 4 as well as other PlayStation exclusives in the pipeline and the awesomeness of Blu-ray,
he promptly packed up his Xbox 360 and all his games and went down to GameStop to trade them in.
As we left the store, I said to him, I never thought I'd see you at the PlayStation.
Neither did I, he replied.
Not to mention that they said that he was also ahead of all the industry trends and stuff like that,
that he kept on top of all the stuff going on in the industry.
I like how he was just finding out about Metal Gear Solid 4 weeks after it had already come out.
I don't have a problem with a 16-year-old and his opinion.
I have a problem with his mother being in a position of mass media reporting it as fact, kind of.
I thought it wasn't that he thought they were going to win the war, that they already had won the console war.
I don't know. Either way, it's retarded.
And this shouldn't be reported on CNBC.
Which is Financial Investor Network. That's the problem I have with it.
And the whole thing sounds like a big old, you know, I want a PSP for Christmas thing.
Well, if you listen to this show for any length of time, then you will know what segment is coming up next.
Music
I would like to say F you to whatever has caused my grandmom's current medical condition.
My grandmom is in the hospital right now.
It's nothing, I guess, really life-threatening or anything like that.
I mean, it made her really sick, but I'm really, really worried about her.
And I just wish I knew what caused something like that so that maybe it could be prevented, you know, in other people.
And my mom's had some of the same problems, so it's quite likely that I might later on.
So, you know, I guess genetics, too, have something to do with it.
But I just, you know, F you to the fact that my grandmom's in the hospital, that there's something wrong that required her to be there in the first place.
Well, I hope she gets better.
Well, I'm sure she will. She's going in for surgery on Tuesday.
And I'll tell you guys more often.
Sure, that's fine.
Alright, Loki.
F you to people at movie theaters, especially the ultra ghetto people.
Especially the ones that are like, do you have a cell phone I can use?
And I'm like, no. I don't own a cell phone at all.
So, get the fuck off.
That's it.
Speaking of genetics, I guess I'm going to also give a similar F you tonight because it looks more and more likely that I am going to have my gallbladder taken out later this year as part of the reason why I have my whole pancreas issues in the first place.
And although it's not a big deal, a lot of people have had it done. It's pretty common right now.
It just... surgery sucks. Period. So, I'm not looking forward to that.
And that means that I am going to be out of Orange Lawn's radio for probably two weeks at some time in the fall.
I don't know when, but that will be coming up where I'm not going to be able to do the show for a couple weeks.
So, it's too early to speak to what's going to happen during that period, but it's going to happen.
So, wait for it.
F you to that.
Anyhow, let's try to get back into some happier news in the gaming news.
DarkSakura, what you got for us? Come next.
Oh, just some stuff.
Cool. I like stuff.
Well, do you know our good friends at Overclocked?
Well, actually, it seems that some of the people behind Overclock remixes are actually going to be...
And this is just going to give me a second, because for some reason my laptop decided to freeze.
But some of the tracks are actually, from what I understand, going to be in Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo HD remix.
At least as far as I can see on here.
So, I think that's pretty cool. They're going to be having some of the more famous ones on there actually work on their remixes.
DJ Pretzel, we've actually had a few of the stuff on here.
Lion Tamer, Zircon, Shale Riley, I guess I don't see a nickname for him, but I think that's pretty cool.
They're actually turning to the fan community to contribute to the game itself.
I agree, that is pretty cool. Kudos to Capcom. You're doing a lot of stuff right this year. Good for you.
I figured it out.
Well, something else that's going to be going on here pretty soon.
You may remember Telltale, the company that still hasn't released the Strong Bad game that was supposed to be out this month.
Well now, what if it's Nintendo holding onto it? What if it's Nintendo's fault?
Oh wait, you're talking about Nintendo's never at fault. That's just lies.
That's what I thought.
But they are actually putting out a Wallace and Gromit episodic game called Wallace and Gromit's Grand Adventures.
Players of course will be able to control both animated characters and hilarity will ensue from there.
No sort of release dates were given or anything like that, but kind of imagine what a Wallace and Gromit game would be like, very similar to the animated series.
So, that's kind of neat.
Episodic gaming is the wave of the future.
Hey, over at Telltale, yeah, that's kind of where they make their bread and butter.
But you know you're in good hands over there, so that's going to be very interesting I think.
Alright, one more story for you guys, then we're going to go to our Skype line at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
Click on interact with us for all the details. It's OrangeLaungeRadio is our username on Skype or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, one last story, and it has to do for those of you guys, you know, if you are in the OL Army on Facebook, then maybe you're a Scrabulous player.
But the smack has been brought down on Scrabulous finally.
Hasbro, the company behind Scrabble, they have decided to place the smack down on the Scrabulous Facebook game.
Apparently a request was already put in by Hasbro some time ago to pull the game, and it was not responded to, and that was back in January.
So Hasbro has filed an infringement suit on the folks that have created the Scrabulous game and is demanding that Facebook pull the application immediately.
They even put out a whole little press release on it.
It should be noted, one interesting part I kind of liked in the press release here is it says,
between the classic board game, Facebook, Pogo, the iPod, and the iPhone, our members can now play their favorite game virtually anytime, anywhere.
Alluding to the fact that there is an actual Scrabble application on Facebook that people seem to not be using as much.
Maybe because Scrabulous was already kind of out there at the time.
So, I mean, the lawsuit kind of makes sense, I hate to say it, but if you've played Scrabulous, it's Scrabble.
There's no denying that.
But at the same time, it got old.
Like, I know there's a lot of people that play Scrabulous on Facebook.
I played it like once or twice, and I'm like, okay, bored now.
I mean, Scrabble's fun, I think, in person, but not quite as fun over the internet for me.
That's just my opinion.
Are you a Scrabulous player at Dark Sakura?
Sometimes.
Yeah? Alright, that's cool.
I mean, it's a fun word game, but I don't know, it got old for me.
It's always the same people I want to play to.
And then, you know, when I first installed the application, I got like all these invites to play a game,
and I just, you know, I can only handle like one game at a time, alright?
Alright.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The Skype line is now open for business.
Hi, OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, it's LordKatsuhito.
Is it now? What, you changed the name tonight?
Are you referring to that in the Jedi sense?
Maybe.
Do not start singing the Bughram song.
So, Rama, you already had an email read tonight.
This phone call better be good. What's up?
I want to talk about Fat Princess.
I want to discuss this game, okay?
Please do.
That alone makes me want to drop the 400 bucks for a PlayStation 3.
Really? Why?
The game looks fun. I'm sorry.
It looks fun. I've spent money on frivolous things, but that'd be the most expensive frivolous item I've ever purchased just for one silly little game.
And these feminists need to sit down and shut the fuck up. I mean, really.
Yeah, I think people are going a little overboard with it, but, you know, I don't know if I would buy a PS3 over this game, that's for sure.
Although, then again, Geometry Wars was a big reason why I got an Xbox 360.
Not the sole reason, but a big reason. I would say Xbox Live in general was.
It's a good thing you said that, because I have to go get that game too, but let me say my quick point about Fat Princess and I'll be on my way.
Sure, go for it.
The feminists are bitching them on about Fat Princess?
I mean, where were they when all these games were coming out where the hero had to go rescue their heroine?
Where were they? They didn't say Jack. They said nothing.
Now the game with a fat cat, now they run their mouths? Feminists, gaming feminists are a bunch of fucking hypocrites. That's it.
I would like to see Link save a shapelier princess one of these times. Why not? Why not?
Just kind of throwing that idea out there.
And then roll her over one of those switches in the dungeon to solve a puzzle.
No, no, no. You know what, though? I would like to see more.
Why not? If we're going to go for diversity in this sense, let's go for diversity all around the board.
But this just goes into the whole fact where we need more gay people in games, we need more people of color in games, we need, you know.
There's a simple solution. Everyone, get over it.
Be more open-minded.
I'm never going to stop playing games, but it doesn't mean I don't have my I would like to's, and I'll still play Fat Princess.
No.
Alright, any other thoughts, Rama?
Don't stop believing.
Alright, I'll hold on to that feeling, my friend.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio is the place to be.
Let's see, comments in chat.
GS68 says, we need more Filipinos in games, like Talim from Soul Calibur.
Frisbee said, good God, it's a freaking joke, let it be.
You know, that's the whole problem is that whenever anything happens, someone's going to stomp their little foot and roll their eyes and go, I don't like it, this offends me, and then bitch.
I don't like it, this offends me.
Seriously though, I mean, can't people just learn to be easy going and go with the goddamn flow?
I mean, and I know I'm stubborn about a lot of things, but I really, really am trying to be a lot more fluid in how I react to certain things.
Fluid and flexible, that's what my boss says at work.
That's a good thing, you know, if people, there's going to be shit out there that you don't like.
You don't have to have a hissy.
Just say, I don't like this, and then get over it.
You know, freaking build a bridge and burn it or something, I don't know.
Some comments in chat, SSJ100Matt says, maybe if Peach would fatten up, she wouldn't always be in other castles.
Why do you think she wears that dress?
Um, Shaoran, it's a slimming dress.
Shaoran says, we need more short people in games, like Talim from Soul Calibur.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Nah, it's Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Legend of Zaku, what's on your mind?
Uh, nothing much, just recovering from yesterday's drinking party and all.
Yesterday's what party?
Nah, I just went to this party yesterday with just like, you know, masses of rock band, lots of booze.
I was just about to ask, was there rock band at the party?
Because you don't have a party without rock band.
Alright, then it officially was a party.
Because I went to a party yesterday too, but they didn't have rock band.
And I left after an hour and a half.
But I will tell you what they had was some delicious lumpia.
And that got me to stay as long as I did.
Because lumpia, good stuff.
Anyway, sorry Zaku, I'm sure you didn't call in to talk about food.
What did you want to ask or tell us about tonight?
Well, let me see, the whole, I'm trying to think right now.
The fact of the matter that, you know, Street Fighter IV and, you know, the state of the arcades in this country.
The fact that people are going to have to go out of their way to just import the machine.
But then again, we already knew what was going to happen because Capcom doesn't see any reason, any justification to give a damn about our scene anymore.
Well, we reported on an arcade game earlier tonight, the Castlevania game from Konami.
And, you know, they have that Silent Hill thing too.
I mean, is Konami a little more forgiven?
And DDR of course, they a little more forgiven?
Well, that's DDR, that's an exception.
You're talking about, you know, Street Fighter was pretty much born in the arcades.
And then all of a sudden, you know, especially in America, you know, American arcades pretty much gave Street Fighter the limelight it deserved.
I would say true statement because Street Fighter II, I remember playing that puppy the first time in the arcades.
It was a big freaking deal when that came out on Super Nintendo.
It was a $70 game, which, you know, 10 years ago was huge, 15 years ago even.
And the fact that they turned, you know, they basically turned their backs on the whole scene instead of, you know, doing, making efforts to, like, help.
Instead of, you know, instead of just beating around the budget saying, oh, too bad, because the numbers are low, we're going to keep it in Japan only.
How come these arcade, here's a question, how come these arcade companies don't more often get into making their own arcades?
I mean, I know Namco had a thing, but you don't see Konami or Capcom or a lot of other places with their own arcades.
I wonder why not.
Well, think about it, it's a risk.
You see the current state of, you know, the current state of the economy right now and how gas is, like, ridiculously expensive.
People are trying to save as much money as possible.
So, the first things to go in tough times like these is entertainment.
I guess I can see that.
And the fact that, you know, the consoles have pretty much given, you know, given regular Americans a reason to stay at home instead of go out.
Because they're out doing the graphics.
I guess I can see that.
Well, I don't know, what do you think the answer is?
When do you think arcades will make a recovery, if ever?
What's it going to take?
It takes effort, I mean, like the old saying goes, the greater the risk, the greater the reward.
That's a good saying.
It takes effort on, you know, on those parts, on whoever's still releasing arcade games.
Capcom, Konami, you know, the others.
They really have to, like, you know, if they want to make money, they're going to have to invest warrants, you know, into many of these smaller arcades.
The ones that are struggling just to get by.
At least help them out a little bit.
Alright.
Zaku, anything else you want to share with listeners tonight?
Um, let me see.
Yeah, Fat Princess is probably another, you know, matter of fact, the whole, you know, the whole Final Fantasy 13, 360 thing, get over it.
It's done.
It's multi-platform, it's like, it's not going to make a difference.
Like, you were going to buy it anyways.
I don't know about the listeners, but we're all over it.
Here in the studio.
I know, it's like old news, I'm thinking of that, I should have brought it yesterday.
It's alright.
Sometimes you have to beat a dead horse.
It's alright.
Just to remind you it's dead.
Alright, Zaku, we gotta let you go.
Have a good one, buddy.
Bye.
Later.
Oh, it's some New York, it's New York night on the Skypline.
That was two New Yorkers in a row.
Yep.
I haven't been to New York in a while.
It's been at least a year.
It's time for me to go back.
It's been about 12 years for me.
You need to go.
We need to, we need to storm the big city.
Be fun.
Literally storm through it.
As soon as $500 falls in my lap, I'm on it.
We'll have to find a convention of some sort as an excuse to go out there.
We'll see.
Someday.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We will get into some last minute stories here very, very soon.
But first, some more calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's GS68 and I just broke the streak of New York gamers.
You're not from New York.
No, what's up?
Well, Zach was bringing up the arcade scene and how there are ways to improve it.
One way to do that would be to lower game prices because these days, what typical gamer in the right mind would pay more than 25 or 50 cents to play an arcade game?
Well, that's because those cabinets cost so dang much.
But isn't it because of all the fancy TVs and fancy things they put in there that make those things be so expensive?
I suppose. I mean, as much in... I hate to bring in Minnesota again, but the only cabs they have right now are those widescreen cabs.
I mean, it wouldn't hurt to make a budget cab with just a regular TV, you know?
But then everybody would know it's a budget cab and people would go, oh, this one's lame. It's not as good as the other one.
You know what an awesome cab was? It was F-Zero AX. That was a brilliant cabinet. That was so fun.
Yeah, but look at time crisis for the majority of like the cab... time crisis for cabinets are small cabinets and people don't have a big problem with that.
Yeah. I don't know. Is it just because maybe, you know, why would I play 50 cents to play it on the little HD cab when I could, you know, just spend the 60 bucks and get the game at home and play it as much as I want on my high def 50 inch Uber TV of doom?
And then, what else? I mean, arcade games used to be bigger and more adept than console games like in the 70s and 80s.
Nowadays, it's the other way around. I mean, could you imagine playing on an arcade system for like five hours at a time or something like that?
You know, they need an arcade game that like punches people in the face. A really unique experience that you can't get anywhere else. That would be something.
Or, finally, a cabinet that actually goes upside down. That'd be fun.
Well, some good arcadets going to the arcade is in itself a unique experience. I mean, at home you'd have to bring friends over to have a huge ass party.
And then there's online, but there's something about meeting your opponents in person that online doesn't have.
Hmm. I suppose. Alright. Uh, GS68, any other thoughts before we let you go?
Um, no.
Alright. Have a good one, buddy, and good luck. I hope the arcades do come full circle someday.
Alright. Thank you.
Buh-bye. Because I miss arcades too, you know. 877-GameOLR username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. We'll do one more call tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft. What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, I have, uh, news here about, uh, a guy who marathoned, like, 26 hours and a half, uh, playing the drums on rock band.
He played rock band drums for 26 hours and- 26 and a half hours? Did his arm fall off?
Um, fortunately, not.
Wow, is he playing on hard mode?
He was playing on expert. Uh, he's actually a freak from the score hero forums. He's a staff member there.
Uh. What did- what was the point? Was it charity or what?
Just have fun, basically. He- he did, uh, something for charity, though. Uh, it wasn't that, um, how do you say it? Big? Because they- he only got to, like, $200.
Well, still, charity's charity. That's still pretty cool, though. Um, and speaking of charity and these marathon things, man, they're happening- thanks to sites like Justin.tv and Ustream and all these other sites, man, it seems like there's a gaming charity event happening every weekend somewhere.
In fact, I actually visited a website, and I'm sorry, I don't remember the URL, but I'm sure someone in chat will jump in there with it. There's actually a website out there somewhere, like, it's like gamemarathons.com or something, that show you, hey, these are all the marathons going on this weekend if you want to go watch people play some games.
Kind of interesting. I think it's more fun to play games, but then at the same time, I've always thought we here at OLR should do one of those for fun one time. Like, I think a fun game tournament that we- or not game tournament, game marathon we should do, is that- and I think this was kind of an idea we talked about kind of a little bit in circle on the show, is go to Jamie's, and in her big game archive, we'll pick games, and every hour, the listeners can vote on which game we have to play next, but they're, like, obscure shit. Like, no Mario, no Zelda.
What the hell do you think I have in the vault?
Exactly, we're going to play obscure fucking shit from the vault, is what we would play all marathon long. Do you think people would be into that?
Yeah, that would be cool.
I don't know what charity we could raise money for, but we'll figure something out.
I still want to do the idea I've been talking to you.
Yes, that too. But I think maybe a marathon might be a good way to kind of kick that off. We'll have to think about it. Maybe for- if we weren't going to PAX, I would say Labor Day weekend, maybe Thanksgiving weekend or something, I don't know. Just throwing ideas out there. Some three day weekend, we'll have to see.
Basically, the point of my call, it's because many of the comments on the Kotaku article and many forums, even on the channel he has, were basically, oh, he plays drag band, oh cool, sarcastic, and even making commentaries like, oh, he doesn't play real drums, or, oh man, he only plays drag band, he doesn't play in a real band.
And it makes me kind of pissed because even though it's not the real thing, it takes practice to do that, and even for 26 hours to endure playing Expert, all the songs, even the download continent, so it's like-
I have a piece of advice for those people making comments on Kotaku and whatever website ran stories on this and whatever. My advice to those people, take a good fucking look in the mirror. You're posting comments on an internet website dedicated to video games slamming on someone's rock band skills.
No one put a gun to your head and told you to click the little comment button and write something making fun of someone playing rock band. If you think you're any better than the guy playing rock band, guess what? You're worse. The end.
Indeed, I agree with that. There is no counter argument to that. You are worse than the guy playing rock band, which, you know what, if it makes him happy, I think he, play it for 48 hours next time. I support it.
He did say that he might try on December to do that again with all the download continent that is going to be released until then. So that would be cool.
Alright, act deft. Thank you so much for the call and party on with rock band. Take a good one. Have a good one, buddy. Alright, we're going to go ahead and close up the Skype line because it's time for us to get some last minute stories. Dark Soccer by chance?
I have one quick one because some folks were telling me about this in chat and I do remember reading about it, but did you hear the rumors? And apparently there's even video now. Apparently, you know how Darth Vader was supposed to be exclusive to PlayStation 3 Soul Calibur? Apparently not.
Apparently, he's actually showing up in videos now for the 360 version and vice versa. So, because you know people are breaking street on that and everything. So, kind of not a big surprise honestly, but it looks like Vader will be playable after all in 360 and vice versa for Yoda and the PS3.
Now you might have to pay for download content, but it's available. It's available. Loki, anything for you?
I don't think I have really much of anything. There was a trailer released for Need for Speed Underground. It kind of looks like a movie trailer for The Fast and the Furious. Or not Underground, Undercover, my mistake. So, that's kind of interesting.
Porn star Tara Patrick has been hired on as a special producer for Saints Row 2.
Talk about stunt casting.
Really, I just think they want some of the big tits on their cover. I support that fully. Let's see here.
Don't care.
Facebreaker is getting a demo on July 31st and what's kind of cool about it is it will have the character creator with it and you can actually share those characters that you create online and they will also be imported into the full game when you purchase that in September. So, that's kind of neat.
Let's see. Yeah, I think that's about it.
Amazeatsuma in chat has a good point. Says, Sky paid for download content. It's Namco so it will be paid to unlock content. It's old caliber. You're probably right.
BlackWolf says, I don't want to pay $70 to get Vader. I'll just pay $60. Okay, thanks. Well, I'll pay $60 and then maybe the $10 and I'll actually have a lot of people to play online with.
Just messing.
Alright, now's the part of the show where we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought and wrap it up because we are getting out of here for the evening because live, for those of you folks listening live tonight, we're doing a Justin TV unboxing special tonight so that should be fun.
But for now, let's go around and get everybody's final thought in studio. I will start tonight. And my final thought is I want a snack. I want snacky foods.
Yogurt. I want frozen yogurt. That would be really good. Oh my God, Rob. That's not really good. That's my final thought too. I want frozen yogurt. Let's go get some. We can't. They all close at nine.
Well, screw that. Let's go to the grocery store. I do need to go to the grocery store though. Loki, your final thought? I don't know. I don't have anything.
Alright. Wow. OLR PSP is still being worked on. I just have a lot of small things I haven't finished. But it is, I've been working on it quite heavily so soon.
Alright. Thank you guys so much for listening to our show and downloading our podcast. We really appreciate it. Again, all we ask if you enjoy the show, you hear. If you like what you're hearing, we are an independent podcast.
We do not have thousands of marketing dollars. In fact, we have zero dollars to work with. We don't have a big magazine backing us or a big gaming website or anything. We really struggle to connect with viewers like you.
So please tell two people you know about the show and slowly through word of mouth, Orange Lawns Radio will spread like a bad STD. But a lot nicer to have.
So anyway, thank you guys so much for listening to us. We'll see you next week with more of what you've come to love here on Orange Lawns Radio.
And again, if you are listening on the podcast, you want to leave some comments, you can always send us an email. Mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com or leave us a voicemail which we still need to catch up on or post on our website at the forums at OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
Until then, this is Rob, she's DarkSakura, he's Loki, and we are Orange Lawns Radio. See you next week.
See you next week.
