Tonight, July 13th, 2008, a major lawsuit happens in the music game world, Mega Man 9 is set to go multi-platform, and we take calls on your predictions for this year's E3.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and join me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing, Jamie?
Warm.
Warm, yeah.
It's not quite as horrid, the temperature this week, but we still are combating some issues here in California.
Not just the heat, but the smoke was terrible, like Wednesday or Thursday.
Oh my gosh.
I am making use of consumer reports.
It was like a volcano erupted.
How's that?
To look for air conditioners or another idea I have is an evaporative air cooler.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And because I didn't want to comb my hair anymore.
It gets to the point where it's like, okay, I can't do anything with this, so I'm going to have to shave it off.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The Madness for E3 starts tomorrow, so it kind of defeats the purpose of uploading a show mid-week because everything will be outdated.
We're going to try and have something up on the feed mid-week.
It just depends if we can all get together at once.
We'll see.
Some more to come on that.
But for now, we're only going to have one big show for you guys here, but all the segments you know and love, Classic Game of the Week, Mailbag, all that good stuff, and your calls.
And chatroom, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
And tonight, they're talking about Fire.
Actdeft says the show is on fire.
Frisbee says my hair is on fire.
There you have it.
Everybody's on fire.
You're all flaming tonight in chat at Orange Lounge Radio.
I think I've made a decision.
What's that?
What might best suit our needs.
The cooler?
A swamp cooler.
Excellent.
Yeah, it actually might work.
And it's cheaper than a portable air conditioning unit.
All right.
Be more cost effective.
This is economics on Orange Lounge Radio.
Save money.
Use less energy.
All right.
Let's talk about all the money you blew games on this week.
And how was your gaming week?
I played DDR.
Really?
I played the Supernova machine at the movie theater and I wanted to die.
I was wearing my sandals so first of all I didn't have the right shoes and then I tried to do shit that was way too hard.
But at least you got up there and played.
Yeah, sort of.
I know if I play I am way, way out of practice so that's my issue.
Although I want to try a Supernova 2 machine someday.
I dusted off my Super Nintendo cartridge of something that I will be speaking of later in the show Awesome How about now, you are an iPhone user Yes, I did download some iPhone games You got the new 2.0 firmware for your existing iPhone, right?
Yes, I did Okay, gotcha
And let me give the name of the game real quick.
Actually, I haven't played a whole lot of it.
But it's a free game for everyone who has an iPhone or an iPod Touch.
And it's called Aurora Faint.
It basically plays like Bejeweled, but you have a leveling system in it.
So it's pretty cool.
Like Puzzle Quest-ish, kind of?
Yeah.
I also downloaded the Stalker program.
What, pray tell, is the stalker program?
Whirl.
How does that work?
It's like, for everyone who's got it, it keeps track of restaurants and places you like to go so that you know where your friends like to hang out.
That is kind of scary.
What a world we're living in.
What do you think, though, about this whole application thing on the new iPhone?
You know, the fact that people can create their own games and applications and all this stuff.
About damn time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Do you think another company will try to... Because I noticed, what is that other phone?
The Instinct is supposed to work a lot like the iPhone.
I can tell you now the LG one is shit.
I look at that and I go, it's not going to really be able to penetrate the marketplace the way that Apple has, I don't think.
That's just my personal thought.
What's going to help Apple is marketing to other providers.
I'll tell you what else is cool.
I was hearing a little bit about it on Bobby's show.
I don't know much about this, but apparently there's some type of program you can get, some app you can get that you can listen to internet radio through that Edge network.
So you can listen to All Games Radio or our show anywhere you go.
People have it hooked up so that if you have one of those systems where you can play your iPod through the car, you could listen to All Games Radio like it's a car.
I almost downloaded it, but I have to move off my photos before I put more apps on there.
The stuff that I downloaded so far, let me grab my phone and take a look real quick.
blah live radio, she's literally opening up the phone
I downloaded AIM, Aurora Faint, Twitterific, Whirl, and Epocrates prescription.
Because Epocrates is actually kind of a cool little program that if you have, say that you find like an unidentified pill and you want to know what it is, then you can enter in the pill's description including serial numbers that are on the pill.
Wow.
And it'll look it up and show you a picture of it so you can compare it.
And you know, if I take this, will I hallucinate?
Bobby spoke up in chat.
He says it's called Tuner is the name of the program you're going to want to check out.
I think I'll download it right now.
Awesome.
It might have a cost.
I'm not sure.
Let's see.
Comments from chat.
Robert M., my iTunes is showing the applications menu in place of games.
I have the iPod 5th generation video though.
Same thing happened to me.
I have Pagel and some of the other games they've released for iPod and they now are applications that run on your iPod.
Sadly, they don't have a lot of them but that's what happened to the old games.
I checked out Tuner and Tuner is $5
4.99 to be specific.
Whatever.
Same thing.
It's $5.
So I'm going to get it after I have money.
All right.
I downloaded a bunch of free shit, though, and it was really cool.
Now I can look up drugs at work.
And AIM, I can use AIM at work.
Free is awesome.
Hells yeah.
Unless it's yours.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was full of hamburger.
Oh, because I'm eating a hamburger, that's why.
Of course.
That is not just a hamburger, that is a bacon and cheese I see in there.
Double bacon cheeseburger.
Oh my god, an artery killer right there.
Well, it's because, I don't know, fast food hamburgers are pretty tiny.
So if you get a hamburger, it's like a cracker.
Gotcha.
So this is two crackers and...
I don't know, bacon.
By the way, Jamie, Bobby is recommending Tap Tap Revenge and says it's free.
I saw it and I looked at it, but I don't think I would play it that much.
Free, Jamie, free.
Well, if it's free, then you gotta play it.
Like Yaris.
You gotta try Yaris at least once.
I also, though, am trying to be conservative for space because I really do like to take a lot of useless pictures with my phone.
That she does.
I can attest to that.
We'll go out to Indian Food and she takes pictures of the food.
And my beer.
Takes pictures of his eating, her beer.
Anyway, sorry.
Loki, your gaming week.
That's right.
Grand Theft Auto 4.
That was pretty much it.
I've been busy.
And we'll get into that.
We'll get into that in a little while.
But Grand Theft Auto is still fun.
Still a lot of people playing it.
It's still fun.
Well, we've just been playing the work games.
So we do our four-player deathmatch because the fifth machine is still broken.
What makes the replayability of that game so awesome?
Well, the new thing that we're doing now is we've changed the settings a little bit so that the only blip that shows up on the radar is whoever's in first, and everyone else is invisible.
So you're running around, and then whoever is in the lead, you can find them, but the other players you can't find.
So the person in the lead doesn't see people bearing down on them in cars and stuff like that.
So it makes it really...
Really intense, actually, because everyone's kind of going after the leader at the same time.
Nice.
Comments from chat room.
We have Naaman Lights says, I'm using Tuner on iTouch.
So that's that iPod that's not quite, it's the iPhone without the phone, the iTouch, which also got the upgrade to use all the apps.
That's pretty cool.
Let's see, other comments from chat.
Shaoran said, there used to be a double bacon with a really long name that a friend of mine called a Satan Burger.
I don't know.
We're turning into Orange Lounge video.
Alright, so Grantheth out of four was Loki's game of the week.
Yeah, pretty much.
We'll get to the rest of it in a little bit.
Myself, I also have not been playing a lot of new stuff.
Kind of the same old stuff.
You know, Raiding and WoW.
Guitar Hero 2.
I went back and played Guitar Hero 2 this week and Guitar Hero 3.
And I think I talked about this a couple weeks ago.
I'm finally learning with my fingers how to hit those notes without necessarily strumming.
Like the difference between the notes that you don't have to strum if you get the note before it.
I can't remember what exactly they called that.
I'm sure somebody in chat will correct me, but the whole... Hammer-ons?
Is that a hammer-ons?
Yeah, I'm finally learning how to do that better.
I don't know that either.
I mean, hell, I'm still playing three keys, okay?
Well, I was able to go back to Guitar Hero 2 and 3.
I actually beat the Living Color song in Guitar Hero 3.
I five-started my first... Cult of Personality, right?
I five-started my first time on Hard.
Not Expert.
I'm not quite there yet, but for me, that was a freaking accomplishment.
I was so excited, because that song was not easy.
I was excited when I beat that freaking...
Slipknot Song
Just because, I mean, you know, the whole curving bullets thing in there, the way they kind of like swing their gun out or whatever to curve the bullet, you could totally do that with like a Wii Remote or something.
I mean, you could, it, I don't understand why anyone hasn't come up with this idea, like, to make this movie into a game, because it would be pretty awesome.
But the Matrix was supposed to be an awesome game too.
Listen, okay.
After watching this movie, you're just like, why the fuck did this guy not direct the Matrix?
Because I swear to God, if he directed the sequels, we wouldn't have an issue.
There'd be like 50 sequels to this damn movie.
Because it's seriously so much better.
It's the Russian guy who did Nightwatch and Daywatch.
I know.
I used to hold the Matrix pretty high up there for actions.
It's borderline.
Keanu Reeves kind of brings it down there, but...
Action-wise, it was pretty kick-ass, but oh my god, the wanted is so much better.
Sub-Z in chat says, curved bullet is so unrealistic.
It is, that's the point.
You don't go in there expecting a realistic espionage film, right?
Basically, these assassins or whatever have the ability to control adrenaline really well to the point where they can do superhuman things.
That's the whole premise of this.
It's a superhero film, right?
Sort of.
It's not really that superhuman, but like Matrix stuff, where they can slow down time, their perspective of it, super strength and stuff like that.
Here's my other quick questions about Wanted, and then we'll go back to games from movies.
Are there tits in the movie?
No.
No tits? !
No tits.
Any drug usage?
There's lots of blood, lots of killing.
So it's just fine, because I'm looking for the trifecta of sex, drugs, and violence.
There's no tits, so you don't have sex.
There's no drugs, it sounds like?
There's a good twist in the plot.
A good twist that you don't see coming.
It's a twist.
What a twist.
You can have Nookie without boobs, Rob.
TNA-T
Just A. Alright.
And yeah, it's supposed to be unrealistic, but it's not... It's basically... It's kind of like The Matrix, where it's sort of grounded in... Okay, I want to say it's really grounded in the real world, but it takes place in a world that could sort of be realistic, and then there's people doing unrealistic things in it.
It's sort of like that, but it's not as ridiculous and ridiculous as...
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
to get a total domination victory over my opponents in the game.
The only kind of little bitch I have in the game that I think would get to me if I was coming from the PC to the console, and I think you've probably heard this a lot of other places and it's true, you don't get to customize your game a lot.
Like in Civ IV, you can customize the world you're playing on and when you start and how the world looks and the size.
You can customize all that stuff in advance.
In Civ Revolution, you already kind of start with one city built and that's it.
You don't get to customize a whole lot of that.
So...
I'm hoping though, maybe with some download stuff later on, 2K and Firaxis can remedy that.
But it's a minor bitch in the scope of things, because I think the game is still pretty cool.
I'm a little surprised it's not on the arcade.
There's not a lot that they're doing in this game that requires, I would think, the usage of a DVD.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I think it's one of those games where it's never quite the same game twice.
And there's many different ways to accomplish the goal, many different civilizations you can play.
So I do recommend it, especially if you're a fan of it on the PC and you want to kind of check it out.
But just know you're not getting a port of Civ IV.
You're getting a whole new Civ-like game that's dumbed down slightly for consoles.
But sometimes dumbed down can be a good thing.
Yeah, Prowler says in chat there, simplified can be a good thing.
And Rama says in chat, Rob is a Civ fanboy.
Of course he's going to love it.
Well, yeah.
I don't know if I'd say I love it, like I love the original Civilization, I love Civ IV, but I like it a lot so far.
So we'll see about that.
Alright, let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
Again, just to kind of put it out there, we are only doing a Part A tonight and that has to do with the whole E3 and things being outdated.
However...
I have some good news.
Now, we're not bitter at all about not being able to go to E3.
I mean, no one invited us to the cool kids party.
We're not bitter at all about not being able to go.
It's great.
My work got an invite, but they didn't go.
It's like, oh, we don't want to take it.
Don't want to go.
I haven't been interested in going since they changed it.
Although I hear there's no lines and any of that stuff anymore.
I would just want to go to hang out with the cool kids, but apparently we are not part of that clique.
But the hell with them.
We are starting E3 right now.
We're starting E3 right now.
E3 begins right now on this very radio show that you are listening to with our very own OLR E3 press conference.
And you're all invited.
All right, and we have our own E3 surprises in store for you tonight.
So the official OLR E3 press conference.
Blah, blah, blah.
We've had wonderful support from all of our listeners over the past six years of our existence.
Blah, blah, blah.
Our show is still making no money at all, but it's sure fun to listen to and do.
Blah, blah, blah.
Okay, let's get to the good stuff.
E3 won't have us, then F you!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
We'll see you next time.
Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
That's three hours on Friday starting at 4 Pacific, three hours on Saturday starting at 4 Pacific, and two hours on Sunday starting at 4 Pacific as well.
The whole thing's gonna be moderated by Bobby Blackwolf, our buddy that precedes us here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be a part of that.
We'll be kind of on and off of there.
We might do our own podcast from the site to supplement it, but we'll be live as a part of this on All Games Radio.
It's not just us.
DMN, your old pal from our network as well as Under Station Live, he's going to be there.
Bobby's there.
Super happy fun time show.
Dead Pixel Live, Electric Sisterhood, Game Addict Hotline, Chatterbox, Evil Avatar, all there, all represented at Penny Arcade Expo.
It is the freaking Voltron of independent podcasting.
Live.
August 29th, 30th, and 31st in Seattle.
And if you can't be there in person, you can still listen to The Madness on allgames.com.
It's going to be awesome.
Bobby would like to clarify it is not in the exhibit hall, but it's still within the convention center.
So there it is.
And the OLR PAX broadcast will also be podcasted.
Bobby will let you know when our segment is that we're going to be on it.
It's apparently going to be its own special podcast.
So stay tuned to allgames.com for more information on that.
Second announcement.
You asked for it, you got it.
We're going to do it.
I know that Part B has been very delayed lately throughout the week in getting pushed to the podcast feed, so we're going to try something new.
Don't say that OLR doesn't listen to the listeners.
Starting with next week's show, Part A and B will be released as one giant show.
Parts A and B combined into one giant show.
and we will have something that kind of even runs in between the shows when you're listening to them on the podcast.
It will not be the show itself but probably promos for other shows and other fun things that we want to try doing with the podcast.
Some of these joke ads and things that we were talking about we're going to kind of start to get our feet wet with that.
So starting next week parts A and B combined in one part so you no longer have to wait until like Friday or Saturday to hear the whole thing.
You will get to download it Monday at the latest which will be pretty awesome.
All right, and the third announcement, and my favorite, is really awesome.
Loki, why don't you tell the listeners a little more about this, what you've been working on for the past few weeks.
Yes, and unfortunately, I wish I could say that I was done, but I'm not.
That's okay, because at E3, you sometimes tease things that aren't coming out until Christmas, and this should be out a lot sooner than that.
It's not going to be until Christmas.
I definitely hope that.
I worked my ass off for the last...
The brand new OLR PSP All Games Radio Streamer, which is gonna be...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And let me reiterate, because I saw the draft of what this looks like, and you're going to be posting screenshots to Orange Ones Radio a little later on, right?
Yeah.
This is actually, the way it looks in your PSP, it is not something, you don't even have to go to olrpsp.com in your browser.
It looks like an application loaded in there, like the other radio station listeners.
You click it, it takes you to a live radio feed that is broadcasting all games radio.
This is the part that Bobby didn't even know about.
It even is taking that little box with the times of the upcoming shows from the website and showing that as part of the player.
It is awesome.
And then other things are going to be included with that.
All the RSS feeds are going to be in there as well.
You'll be able to listen to podcasts from all the different shows and stuff.
You'll be able to select through that stuff.
Details on all the other shows on all games.
Yeah, that's... I mean, there's a lot of small things I'm working on right now, unfortunately.
And, um... Yeah, IRC chat on the PSP, I tried... I even tried buying the PSP IRC script, and the guy is a douchebag and won't fucking sell it, even for a lot of money, but, uh... I think you're supposed to say douchebag in an E3 press conference.
That's alright, that's alright.
Breaking new ground here, you douchebags.
Um...
Anyways, and then I'm going to have some more download stuff as well.
I wanted to work on a theme and stuff, but seriously, I've been in my computer room forever.
I will post some screenshots, though, into chat so you can see a few screenshots I've taken.
But it's still a work in progress, and I'm hopefully going to have it done very soon.
Prowler in chatroom says, this is already better than last year's Microsoft press conference.
Well, thank you.
We try.
So any estimated time on when this is going to be out, like before the end of the month, August-ish?
I'm hoping before the end of next week, but we'll see.
All right.
Oh, and you've even posted a link of what one of the screenshots looks like to chat.
That's going to be awesome.
Oh, there's two coming.
Wow.
So our live listeners get to see it.
For those of you listening on the taped podcast, you can look at those on our forums quite soon.
Those will be up very soon on our forums.
OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Click on forums.
Alright, so that does it.
Again, to reiterate our three points of this year's E3 press conference.
E3 won't have us, so to hell with them.
We're going to PAX and it's going to be even better.
Part A and B will be combined starting next week with the podcast and the olrpsp.com new website and radio tuner application that takes you direct to allgames.com radio feed coming soon.
The PSP sucks and it doesn't, you know, unfortunately it takes a fucking long time to put pages on there because you make it in a program for the PC, you view it on your PC and it looks nice and you take it to your PSP and it looks like shit, so...
It's a long process.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, we are going to shift gears and get into our regular show tonight.
As if a press conference wasn't enough, we have a whole regular show to get to.
And that is tonight's gaming news.
And Loki, once again, starting us off with tonight's gaming news.
Alright.
Well, this is not a big surprise, but Konami has launched a patent suit against Harmonix and MTV over Rock Band.
And...
I don't know.
There's definitely, I guess, some merit to it, seeing as it looks very similar to Guitar Freak's Drum Mania, the whole setup.
I'm just surprised that it took them this long.
But, I mean, maybe they're not licensing the technology like Guitar Hero is, so...
If that's the case, you know, I do think Konami's owed some money.
Although it is kind of cheap to do that and then release their game.
Which, their game looks like a cheap knockoff of Rock Band.
I don't know, it's just... I wish they had done this a lot sooner.
Like, put out their game instead of just bitching about the other games coming out.
Katamari's Forever in chat says, Confusing lawsuit is confusing.
It is kind of in-depth.
What is it that Konami is specifically taking issue?
The way I understood it, it kind of has to do with the controller.
It's not necessarily so much the game itself, but it seems to be the fact that it's a guitar controller very similar to what Guitar Freaks was when it was out here in the U.S.
in very small arcade test markets a long time ago.
That's their point of contention.
Yeah, and they do have the patents in place for it.
I mean, I'm sure they do because it's been out for years now, so...
Yeah, I mean they're in the right there to defend their patent.
I just don't understand why they didn't defend it
When Rock Band first came out, I guess now that they figure there's money involved in it and they can make a lot of money off of it, then yeah, they should do it.
But at the same time, I kind of wish that they were just leading the music gaming industry instead of just trying to follow and just make money off of lawsuits.
Because now their new game, which to be honest, I don't really care too much about, and it looks kind of cheap.
So, I don't know.
personally I think it kind of stinks because you know obviously I enjoy rock band but it's kind of one of those things in the back of my mind I kind of always wondered you know if Konami sued those folks that did in the groove I'm kind of surprised they never tried to go after rock band and then especially after hearing that Activision's already been paying them under the table for quite some time for the you know the whole Guitar Hero thing and you know Red Octane and Konami have had a long relationship and
and then I kind of thought well maybe part of the reason this took so long to happen is because Harmonix and Konami have had somewhat of a long relationship too with the whole karaoke revolution thing but you know the whole timing of this lawsuit is awfully odd with their games coming out this year and everything and I think it kind of stinks but at the same time
I don't know, there might be some merit to it.
I just hope it doesn't stop Rock Band.
By the way, we called it too.
We said Konami's going to sue these folks when they try to invade the home market.
And sure enough, when that In The Groove game came out for PS2, that's when Konami sicked the bulldogs on them.
But it does make this whole thing interesting that Rock Band's been out for like a year, year and a half.
I mean, does it, well, not quite a year and a half, but about a year.
I mean, does it take that long for a lawsuit to get rolling?
No, it's just they want to see how successful it is now that it's finally come around and they're going to be putting out their sequel and stuff.
DarkSakura, do you have any thoughts on this?
Because I know you tweeted some stuff earlier in the week.
I'm curious kind of where your thought is at this point in time with the whole suit.
I think that it's petty and ridiculous they had their chance when and you know it's funny remember talking to Jason Anis all those years ago about trying to bring Bit Money into the U.S.
and working on getting Guitar Freaks and everything they had their chance and they had their advocate then did they hop on it no so someone came along and did it better
And you know what?
I think you're speaking a lot of the same things that the music game community is saying, is that there's this round of disappointment in Konami.
Because, you know, they had all these... This Beatmania series in Japan was awesome.
The 2DX series...
Awesome.
Guitar freaks, drum mania, people loved it.
People were importing that stuff.
And everybody was asking, why aren't you bringing it out here?
Why aren't you bringing it out here?
And it took one of their own people on the USA side, Jason, to twist the fucking arm of the Japanese side.
And we barely got DDR.
And you barely got DDR.
And then DDR was a huge success.
And remember how shitty that first mix of DDR was.
But everyone wanted it.
Everyone was happy.
and then it would just cause a landslide to DDR after that and look how successful it's been and then you know Beatmania 2DX the problem was they didn't learn from their mistakes they released a kind of a shoddy 2DX mix I mean they took some risks with it which were kind of cool at the whole five key thing but it just wasn't enough they didn't take enough risks with licensing that's where Guitar Hero and Rock Band whooped them is that they knew what
What the American audience wanted and they went for it.
And I'm sorry if this offends you, otaku folks and anime folks and J-pop loving folks that like the Bomani songs that are in the 2DX.
But all of those songs would never have worked here.
And that's kind of proven by the 2DX release over here.
It needed more.
And that crappy cover of Toxic and one Moby song, that wasn't enough.
It needed like half and half at least.
It needed more songs that could have reached out to the American audience.
But anyhow.
So, but my question is, despite the kind of resentment we almost feel towards Konami for not taking the freaking risk sooner and now looking almost like a copycat with this whole Rock Revolution thing, does it make it right, though?
Does it make it still that their lawsuit doesn't have any ground to stand on?
Because as disappointed as I am in Konami, I still go, but they have a point.
I don't know.
Any thoughts on that?
Do you still think it's petty?
It's still petty.
It's still petty.
And on top of that, the format, I think, is so different.
The other thing that has to be is whether or not they actually did, in effect, go and re-engineer what Konami had done.
How long was the trademark out for their controllers?
And plus, I think Red Octane knew what they were doing when they originally put out Guitar Hero.
They knew what they were doing.
And that's why there's those under-the-table payments.
That's what we're calling it.
But you know what I mean.
To Konami.
But Harmonix should have known what they were getting into as well.
And I love Harmonix.
Harmonix makes some great games.
That's what kind of makes this disappointing.
But they kind of should have known that this might happen.
That's just kind of disappointing.
I don't know.
Going off some comments from chat, because I'm sure there's a lot of folks in chat.
Gerardimo says, 2DX was based on the assumption that only DDR players had heard of would be playing this.
That's why just about all the songs on it are in DDR.
Kind of, but they really pushed Beatmania at E3.
Like, it was their big title, but then the title itself, by the time it comes out, I mean, God, remember that G4 clip where they were calling it a Guitar Hero knockoff and all the Bimani fanboys were getting angry?
Remember that?
And then some talk as well in chat about the whole MTV drumscape thing.
Shouldn't MTV already have some type of patents on drums because of drumscape?
Well, even if they have patents on drums, they may not have patents on guitar, and I think that's Konami's issue.
I don't think Konami was doing anything about the drums.
I don't know.
Technically, Konami could be sued by the creators of several of the MIDI guitars, too.
Or Gibson.
Well, yeah, but... Well, Konami's guitars, when they first came out, they didn't really resemble any type of real, you know, form of guitar.
It was fairly, I'd say, an innocent design, if you know what I mean.
Right.
But...
But seriously, the MIDI guitars, especially ones that have worked on Switch like that, have existed for, you know, since the 80s at least.
GameGuru in chat says, if Immersion could win against Sony, Konami can win against EA.
And I think it's going to be settled out of court one way or another.
I think.
I think that's what's going to happen.
Hopefully it doesn't prevent Rock Band 2 or delay it any further.
I don't think it will.
Yeah, I don't think it will either.
I think it'll settle out of court.
I think they're going to have to make those payments similar to what Activision is doing.
But the problem is, Konami...
Thanks for watching!
Rock Revolution focuses more on drums, not guitar.
Including keyboard.
It focuses on everything.
Rock band, they have solid vocals, they have solid guitars and drums, tracks.
It's not just one or the other.
Alright.
Well, more to come on this as the weeks go by.
I'm sure we'll hear about the settlement very soon or at least some type of further comment from Harmonix and Viacom and all those people outside of this is stupid.
Anyhow, speaking of Konami and their music games, DDR is still trekking along, and Dance Dance Revolution X is the new game that is coming out on the PlayStation 2 later this year, and there's more DDR games coming out for the home consoles.
But what might have surprised some people, this is also going to be an arcade port.
Dance Dance Revolution X will be coming to the arcades, and...
It is a whole new cabinet.
It looks like it's actually something on a widescreen monitor.
There are some pictures that have been posted over at BomaniStyle.com, which I believe came from that ZenisaiVanisher site of an actual new cabinet and what it looks like.
Some of the names have been changed, like Beginner Mode is Starter Mode, Advanced Mode, Course Mode.
There's now Shock Arrows in the game, which is basically mines, although I seem to recall DDR has had Poison Arrows before.
It was in one of the Ultramix games.
Go back and look.
Um...
There's also going to be the link feature.
USB cards will now handle edit data.
Sweet!
Yeah, edit data is coming back to the DDR series thanks to a USB memory cord.
And apparently, good edit data is going to go worldwide on e-amusement.
The most commonly played stuff will be back in the game.
Older songs possibly making a comeback.
60 plus new songs including licenses and new originals and developers say that they are committed to putting 1.5 times the amount of new content in future mixes.
And another thing I believe I was hearing about this, Betson is now not involved in this.
They were doing the cabinets for Supernova.
Apparently they are not involved in this any longer.
That could be part of the reason.
I'm not sure though about all the changes.
More information to come when these machines start being spotted out there in the wild.
Konami's still trying to do stuff with their DDR series.
Definitely.
At least one of those tracks is probably going to be pretty good.
And now there's folks saying that the Poison Arrows thing is taken from in the groove.
But correct me if I'm wrong, in one of the early, early DDR games, like Second Mix or some crap, wasn't there a mode where there were arrows that you weren't supposed to step on?
Maybe I'm crazy, but I thought in one of the earlier DDR mixes there was something like that.
I don't know.
I think maybe in the challenge mode there was something like that.
Well, there was also the one where you weren't supposed to step on any arrows that weren't currently up on the screen.
Oh well, I don't think it's anything that surprising, honestly.
Anyway, I didn't really call to mind things that much innovation in the first place.
Sure, it was something new, but it didn't exactly reinvent the game, so I don't think it's that big a deal that Konami's kind of putting it in this new game.
I kind of think they're a little dumb anyway.
I hope they don't overuse them, but we'll see.
So, coming to arcades soon.
Well, something that makes me happy in particular, and this makes me uber happy, is that there is going to be another Sega Aegis PS2 release that is the Fantasy Zone Complete Collection, which was...
I do think Fantasy Zone 2 DX before, but hey, it's more Fantasy Zone.
And I hope it's actually done up like the Sega Ages one that I already have on PS2.
It was part of the Sega Ages 2500 set, which was named that because it was 2,500 yen per
But this is supposed to be, from what this says on here, Fantasy Zone, Fantasy Zone 2, Fantasy Zone Gear, Super Fantasy Zone, Opa Opa Galactic Protector, Fantasy Zone 2 Remake, and the Sega Ages 2500 Volume 3 Fantasy Zone version.
Sounds like a lot of Fantasy Zone.
Get ready.
Sounds like do want, because I think I actually have most of these.
I wonder if Opa Opa was Fantasy Zone 3 The Maze.
Especially if there's some updated graphics and sound and all that's usually a good thing.
I want an Opa Opa.
A little plushie or something?
I know, I do want one.
Who knows, maybe they'll be showing this.
Maybe I should cosplay the Opa Opa one year.
Maybe they'll show this at Tokyo Game Show or something, a little more in it.
We'll see.
I told you this story, Rob, but one time I was trying to look for the Opa Opa music and ended up downloading a happy song in Greek.
It's called Opa Opa.
Because that means, like, yay in Greek.
Interesting.
I'm sure it was a better song than Carameldansen.
I'm sure that's for sure.
Actually, yes, it is.
Yeah, all right.
Anyway, Fantasy Zone is still a ways out, but we have some stuff coming out a lot sooner than that, right, Loki?
Yes.
This week, there's some pretty interesting stuff coming out, actually, especially if you like football.
There's NCAA March Madness, NCAA Football 09, and that's coming out on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and the PSP.
and also there is a game based off the looks like crap movie but Space Chimps that will be out on PC, Playstation 2, the Wii and I believe the 360 and DS.
Also, Hunting Unlimited 2009 coming to the PC.
That looks like shit as well.
Code Lyoko Quest for Infinity on PSP.
Nancy Drew, The Cluebender Society on the DS.
For those who may have Rock Band on PlayStation 2 or Wii, you'll get your Rock Band Track Pack Volume 1 this week, which has 30 songs you can play.
Let's see here.
and I think that's about it I mean they're trying to keep it I guess a little bit light next week though or the week after next is actually gonna be pretty nice with Final Fantasy 4 so I would imagine though there's gonna be some surprises with the whole E3 thing at least as far as downloadable stuff goes
Dark Messiah Might and Magic Elements 360
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Kakun no Daichi.
That is a game coming from Aqua Plus and it not only comes out in Japan but all Asia regions on the PlayStation 3.
Taking a look at the Nintendo Wii, Boom Blox gets its Japanese release this week.
That's a game I have that I still need to play.
I bought it and I haven't even played it yet.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
Dragon Quest V
You know I gotta get this.
Hello Kitty No Panda Sports Stadium comes out on the DS, as well as Metal Slug 7 comes out this week in Japan.
And with the Hello Kitty game, some new Hello Kitty pouches in pink and white, so you can carry your game in style.
And if that doesn't work for you, how about the Sugar Bunnies pouch that comes out in blue and pink?
It's a very girly week in the Nintendo DS world.
But hey, at least you have Metal Gear on PlayStation 3 to counteract that.
I was mesmerized.
I know.
Awesome.
I have four games that are going to be out in the next week and I'm going to go ahead and name one for next Sunday too just because by the time I say anything on that day it'd be too late so given that it'll be the next day already so for the UK we have three games in the 18th we have well actually two different systems Baroque on PS2 and Wii and Guitar Hero on Tour on DS which is not all that fun
Sorry.
Spoiler!
And then on the 20th, CID 925 and Ordinary Life on PSP.
Small week for Europe, sadly.
Very small.
But also I think our Europe releases, they really only cover the big, big stuff and not a lot of the little stuff like we have over in Japan.
This list we use has everything on it.
Not necessarily all AAA titles.
How about Virtual Console over in the UK?
Okay.
We do have some fun for the virtual console.
The first one, sorry, I love the description that Eurogamer gives it.
I'm going to quote.
The first of these is Ninja Commando, a top-down vertically scrolling shooter that has ninja and commandos and time travel.
It also has a rubbish but very funny English translation.
That's the best description ever.
I cracked up when I saw it.
Ninjas, Commandos, what else do you need?
Time travel.
Time travel.
Now what else do you need?
That's it.
A rubbish English translation.
Perfect.
Everything I want in a game.
Make your time.
Zeroing.
Anyway, Art of Fighting 2 is another one, which is just a fighting game, but it had tons of jokes for Capcom came from that.
Do you know the Art of Fighting game?
and it's the game series that also spawned us our Dan Hibiki.
It has a fighter named after me.
That's all I need.
Yes.
Robert.
Hello.
You should cosplay him.
No, thank you.
With the big ponytail and everything.
No, thank you.
Anyway, the Neo Geo games are going to be 900 Wii points translating to 9 euros or 6 pounds 30.
So, go get them.
That's an order.
After E3, you should probably have some more fun.
Yep, now I'm sure this came to a big surprise to everybody this morning, but Microsoft has confirmed that, guess what, the Xbox 360 20GB Pro system has dropped in price to $299.
I am so surprised.
That is a big shocker.
And also surprising, and completely not already leaked already, that they will be introducing a new 60GB console that's going to be arriving early August that will be the current $349.
So they're not really dropping the price.
They're just kind of upgrading for the same price.
So at the press conference tomorrow, you guys, act surprised.
Just act surprised.
Exactly.
Especially when they mention the avatars and stuff.
Pretend that you didn't hear it already.
or that you didn't hear about some of the Lips rumors leaking out there on the internet.
You know, we have never heard of this game called Lips that apparently is under development.
But here's the thing, Variety Magazine, which is a magazine really for the industry of entertainment, it covers mostly movies, television, music, that stuff, but it does dabble in gaming.
And it talked in a recent article about the Lips project.
So, you know, hello, if that wasn't confirmation, what do you need?
It is going to be at E3.
Apparently, some of the box art has leaked out.
But get this.
Not only that, but the wireless microphones have apparently leaked out as well.
So that's pretty cool that they're wireless microphones.
But get this.
I love this.
The microphones apparently have lights in them.
At the base of the microphone have these colored lights that are supposedly... I guess they're like two rings of light that are blue or red.
And apparently, the way you sing controls the lights.
So I guess it's one of those things where maybe it's
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I'll bet you anything that little camera works with the game too.
What do you want to bet?
Well, I hope it works with something because, you know, I paid good money for that camera.
Exactly, and now we hardly ever get to use it.
But no, this game does sound cool already.
I'm very curious to see what the actual game itself... Because even though we've seen the box art, we've seen the mics, we've seen the concept, we know it's probably most likely being developed by the Elite Beat Agents folks.
We have yet to see screens.
I'm gonna take a wild guess here and call me a psychic, but I'm gonna guess that they're gonna look something very similar to SingStar, Karaoke Revolution, Rock Band, and probably Guitar Hero World Tour.
It would be rad, though, if it was something kinda different.
You never know.
Except it probably won't be.
It probably won't.
Stop it, Debbie Downer.
Raining on my parade.
Gerardimo says, if you sing badly, do you get a light show?
Chat.OrangeLunchRadio.com That would be kind of cool.
Light show.
Why do you deserve a light show if you suck?
I don't know.
Maybe it's a consolation prize?
Who knows?
But Lips, that's one of the titles I can't wait to hear about at the Microsoft press conference.
Well, you'll have to wait.
I'm sorry, Rob.
I know, but it's being streamed online like everywhere, and it's supposed to be on TV and all this stuff.
I'm going to watch it during work tomorrow.
Sadly, I have to teach tomorrow, so I can't watch the conference during work, but I will be refreshing some of the gaming blogs on my break to see what's announced.
Well, how is this for some happy information?
Mega Man 9 is actually, they said it was going to be WiiWare coming onto Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
That's going to be kind of weird playing a Nintendo-style game on Xbox Live.
But that's cool.
Yeah.
Now I don't have to worry about storage issues on my Wii.
Hooray.
Some sort of HD version, though.
Sucks for you.
Or 360.
That would be kind of cool.
Sucks for you, Nintendo, because I was going to buy that game and now I'm not.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Warcraft joke, but I'm serious.
That's what she kind of looked like in the trailer, like one of those Poseidon ladies.
And some of the other robots are kind of cool too.
You can only see their silhouettes, but I am all kinds of excited about Mega Man 9.
I would be more excited if they come out at E3 and say it's available now, but I doubt it, seeing as we've already heard rumors of a September release date, but...
Still, that's not that far off.
Yeah.
Something else that's not very far off, too, is a rumored silver DS system, which will be coming out in the U.S.
Now, the story actually is coming from GoNintendo.
They have a source that says that the... I guess the DS that was with...
I don't know what they're talking about.
I mean, that's totally news to me.
Yeah, I would be very surprised if we saw it in September or something, and it was actually the silver and black DS that was with the Guitar Hero bundle.
That would be really surprising.
Wouldn't that be neat?
That would be neat.
Surprising.
Completely surprised.
Just as surprising as Microsoft's press conference will be tomorrow.
But folks do really need more colors for the DS.
I mean, seriously.
I guess.
They're still selling.
What about Wii colors?
You think Nintendo's going to give us some Wii colors finally?
No.
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Now the thing, because the game costs supposedly 1,337 Microsoft points, which I'm sure is a joke.
Well, same for the trial, though, too.
Actually going to charge that, yeah, and it shows that the trial.
But it also kind of makes you go, hmm, could it be a Photoshop or something?
It could be a Photoshop.
It could be.
But what's interesting about it is that apparently some achievements have also leaked for the game, including one called Looks Like a Cleanup on Aisle 4 is the achievement.
And to get that, you have to step in a pile of poop.
I wish I was joking, but that is really the achievement.
And the picture of the achievement looks like a pile of poop.
Which makes me think this is even more of a fake, but you never know.
They had poop in the game.
Yeah, I know, but if these screenshots are fake, it's a damn good fake.
I'll give them that.
But we'll find out, I'm sure, tomorrow.
Would you think that this might be one of their games?
Like, they did this with Doom, didn't they?
Didn't they come out at some European conference?
We can't have five Xbox Live Arcade games coming out tomorrow.
Sure we could.
Or next week.
Sure we could.
I would like that, but we can't.
I think we all would.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Whoever faked it, I hope you burn in hell for getting my hopes up.
I hope you step in many piles of poop for the rest of your life.
There's a wonderful Middle Eastern curse that applies.
What's that?
May the fleas of a thousand camels nest in your genitals.
Yes, and poop.
In your genitals.
Ha ha, poop in your genitals.
This show is rated T for trashy, for all the toilet humor.
It's rated P for poo-poo.
Alright.
Speaking of poo-poo... Hey!
The King of Poopy Headedness He Who Shall Not Be Named
is Jack Thompson, and it will actually, it will change it to Lord Voldemort for you.
Well done, Loki, well done.
Alright, so yes, what is the latest in Jack, I mean, Lord Voldemort world?
Well, the judge who is, I think, is in charge of the trial, Davatunis, I guess is the name, has referred to he who shall not be named as mentally impaired and
A raving wild woman.
Wait, a raving wild woman?
No, Thompson referred to her as that.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I gotcha.
He referred to her as mentally impaired and a raving wild woman.
My bad.
I wish a judge would refer to him as a raving wild woman.
You crazy bitch.
Sit down.
Well, the judge has recommended that dude be assessed a $43,675 fine for legal costs incurred by the Florida Bar Association.
and he has been found guilty of 27 of 31 charges in a misconduct suit and the judge wants him disbarred.
I love that they have it figured out down to the dollar.
You know what would make that even better?
If it was figured out down to the cent.
It is figured out down to the cents, actually.
On Kotaku, they had the cents.
It was like $36.35 or something.
It was $0.35, I remember that.
Hugs and kisses to the folks who made that happen then.
He should be forced to pay it on sight.
To me.
No, to the Florida bar.
Alright, fine.
But then to me.
He's just a fucker.
And you know what?
As much as this is actually kind of good news in a way that maybe he'll finally be forced to go away, although I'm sure he'll troll all the blogs still, just hearing that name, Lord Voldemort, inspires fear and anger in me.
So we'll be getting to the FUs of the week soon, but there's more, apparently.
I just wanted to read the actual first line on this one, because I actually did check on GamePolitics.
It says,
The case involves factual findings of cumulative misconduct, a repeated pattern of behavior relentlessly forced upon numerous unconnected individuals, a total lack of remorse or even slight acknowledgement of inappropriate conduct.
So...
The bottom two things that I'll read.
Go ahead and skip to the last paragraph.
This middle name's Bruce.
Fleas in your pants.
More.
In your genitals.
A, permanent disbarment with no leave to reapply for admission.
B, disciplinary costs currently totaling $43,675.35.
Nice.
Currently totaling.
Can we bring on the Yanks now?
Apparently news about Lord Voldemort makes you gassy.
I was opening my mouth to say something and it said I had a juice burp.
Nice.
Multi-part F you.
Number one, to the heat returning.
And number two, to people who think...
They have the right to tell someone else what to say or do or think just because they themselves are offended.
You know what I mean?
Why don't people learn how to fucking roll with the punches?
This has to be a co-worker.
No.
Oh, okay.
Just in general.
It's really not a co-worker.
It's just in general.
I've sort of hit a point of saturation where I'm so sick with all these people who are like, I don't like what you did, Sue.
or you you said a mean thing about me and sue and you know just people who don't know how to get the fuck over themselves and get on with it you know what since somebody says something shitty about you fuck them why should it matter and also on the same lines um f you to anyone and I'm gonna say it fuck you to anyone who tries to tell me how I should talk
This is America.
There's nothing in the Constitution that limits my ability to say fuck, shit, damn, cock, or any other so-called curse word that I wish to say in any type of form unless it is specifically said as part of a private organization that these words are not allowed.
As in, like, part of my employment say.
That's fine.
But I can stand outside of my place of employment and go, fuck!
All I want to.
And it's illegal.
And by the way, DarkSakura, the lawyers will be calling about the lawsuit with the FLEs in my genitals.
I also plan on cursing in front of my children.
I'll tell you why.
The Osborne kids came down only slightly fucked up.
I had a discussion about this with my friend who's a parent as well.
And she said she's not going to have any problem with, you know, say a kid falls and goes, oh damn, or shit, that hurts.
She's not going to have a problem with it, but have a problem if someone uses it specifically in a derogatory or attacking way.
Right.
So, teach someone to be nice.
You can learn when it's appropriate and when it's not appropriate.
But I'm not going to discourage my children, if I ever have any, to have to curtail their own freedom of speech for somebody else's comfort.
I don't have kids yet.
Maybe someday.
But I'm still kind of thinking kind of a similar thing.
Because if you don't make it such a bad thing, then kids won't want to do it.
It's not going to be a big deal.
Exactly.
You know, half the reason why I think that a lot of...
Misty in chat says, See, that's another reason I don't have an intention of having demon spawn.
I'm actually thinking in the next two years.
Oh my heck.
That could be something.
All right, Loki, your FU is the week.
And I'm going to probably still be here every Sunday.
With the baby?
Maybe.
No, I'm going to make Dan babysit.
All right.
Anyway, Loki, FU the PSP web browser for sucking.
That's all I got.
Yeah, mine's short too.
F you to smoke.
And I don't mean the fighter in Mortal Kombat 3 or 4 or whatever, even though he kind of sucked too.
I'm talking about the smoke that's out there in the air, like a fucking volcano blew up in my backyard.
It's pretty horrible.
And thankfully I don't still live up in Chico where all the fires are happening, because I hear up in Chico it's raining ash.
Can you imagine if you walked outside one day and it's raining ash?
That sucks.
It's like you are actually living in hell.
or Dante's Peak.
Without... Or Pompeii the day before.
Yeah, without frickin' what's-her-name-for-the-Terminator being there.
Alright.
Alright.
Well, there's more rumors.
We have to say this.
I'm sorry.
Gulp Banjo in chat says, Jamie, have the baby live on air.
It could be an educational thing.
The miracle of life.
Really?
I've already discussed it, but I plan on when I do squirt out my own demon spawn, I'm going to have a midwife and do it at home.
When the parasite crawls out?
Actually, it's funny, my friend, and Becky is so awesome, we kept referring to her baby as her symbiote.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, these controllers, you may be able to use it to shove organs of your enemies up into their ribcage.
But, I don't know.
Anyways, there's a rumor, there's still rumors going around that Microsoft's going to reveal some sort of motion controllers.
And if that's true, then they're thinking that maybe that these...
Modus Games' Darwin controllers are actually the 360 motion controllers.
Well, there's a few reasons why they may think that.
One, the controllers kind of fit the color scheme.
They are white plastic and they've got four lights on them indicating that you use four at one time.
What kind of makes them a little bit different than, say, the Wii Remote and stuff like that, they're kind of...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Showing them being used in Tiger Woods, Lego, Star Wars, stuff like that.
So they look pretty cool, and they work pretty much just like the Wii Remote and Nunchuck.
But they are wireless, which is nice, so you don't have stupid cord tethering you together.
I don't know.
I guess we'll find out tomorrow, or today, depending on when you listen to the podcast.
Alright.
Stay tuned.
I'm sure we'll be talking a lot, a lot about the E3 announcements next week.
Do you think Microsoft getting into motion control is a good thing?
I don't know.
I don't know.
It would depend on how they did it.
And hopefully it would be optional stuff.
Do you think that they would try to release a Wii Sports style game?
It's like their passion game.
Or do you think that would be completely obvious?
I think that would be kind of stupid.
But I could see if they did put out Motion Controller that you would get a lot more of those crappy games on the 360.
XBOX Live Arcade
But their whole thing right now is they're trying to get a piece of that casual market that Nintendo seems to have kind of a hold of.
I think what's more interesting is what's Sony going to do?
Because they want to get into the casual market as well.
We haven't heard too much about what they're going to do.
And there were rumors a long time ago about new controllers and stuff like that.
So maybe they're going to do something too.
Who knows?
We'll see.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and um so what happened the game was completely reworked now rated m all the oh was it it was rated m and now they got a rate at t so all the the references to booze were taken out of the game and now the game is pong toss pong toss instead of beer pong you get pong toss but you know whatever i think either way the game's gonna gotta be hokey i mean if you're gonna play beer pong if i could play beer pong
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
How much is that?
This one's supposed to be on the marketplace?
Do we know?
Probably like five or ten bucks.
It better be five because ten is way too much for that.
Okay, now we're going to get to the mailbag part of the program.
This is the part where you can send in your emails every week to mailbag at orangelawntrader.com and we read them live on air for our amusement and to poke fun at you.
No, just kidding.
But if you ask a good question, we'll answer it.
So let's open up the old mailbag, DarkSakura.
See what the listeners have to say.
We have letters, but only three, four.
That's right, it's a short show, short mailbag.
Well, we got a letter from Rob with two Bs.
Yay, Rob with two Bs.
It says, this is mostly for Sky and Loki because DS dropped me already.
I did not drop you.
I'm telling you right now, I did not drop you.
That's Dan's friends list.
I was using Dan's friends list with him for a while, and he has removed people that he does not know.
So that was not me, it was my husband.
Is this an Xbox Live thing?
Yes.
Okay.
I did not drop you.
I did not drop you.
I know, it makes it sound like we dropped him like a $2 hooker, and that's not the case.
Drop him.
It's not that I want to be dropped, but rather that I don't play many online games.
The only decent but humbling online play was with Rob and friends on Halo 2.
Whenever I play online, I get overwhelmed by radical and social epithets, so there's little incentive to go online.
If I ever become a big online game player in a particular game that one of you has, I may re-request later.
Also, my second Xbox 360 died, so I haven't played anything on it for a while.
By the way, I do have my own gamer tag.
I don't use it, but as soon as I remember what it is, I'll let you know.
And I won't delete you.
On an unrelated note, did you try to switch your controller assignment from 1 to 2 when fighting Screaming Mantis on Metal Gear Solid 4?
Hilarity ensues.
I personally didn't enjoy the swap to disk 2 joke because the loading to hard drive screens are more painful than swapping disks what a dang good point see you online Rob what a good point Rob brings up is that you know don't joke about the disk swapping thing and the whole this is blu-ray when the game has a freaking install good point
Actdeft Hi, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican Actdeft
I have lots of friendly neighborhood Mexicans, actually.
First of all, congrats to your 6th anniversary, which I unfortunately missed, and a belated congrats to Rob for his birthday, which I'm getting Rob a present soon.
Thank you.
A late present.
Aw, I don't worry about it.
It's fine.
Don't worry about it.
I am!
Second, thanks to Rob for remembering me when he interviewed Tommy Tallarico and asking him if Video Games Live will return to Mexicali.
That was a pretty good interview, by the way, and it's good to hear he cares for the fans, too.
And, well, I think that's all.
Thanks, and ja.
Yeah, it was a long interview, but he's definitely passionate and he's definitely doing a lot for the video game industry.
I was kind of surprised.
I kind of thought he was a little more on the hands-off journalist reporting end, but he does a lot more hands-on than you might know at first.
Especially if you're basing your opinion of him strictly off of the Judgment Day show.
You're really missing out.
That's one thing I learned.
This email was sponsored in part by Konami, home of Never Ending Lawsuits.
This is Deftis Cabrown.
I see what she did there.
Okay.
Email!
Dun dun dun.
From Jonathan.
Dear OLR, I have been a long time listener and have been tuning into your show for a little over two years now.
Wow.
This is my first time writing to you guys and oddly enough I am typing this from the Wii internet browser since my computer practically died on me.
Wow.
Emailing from Wii?
Impressive.
My game systems have come in handy during these months and I think it is a blessing that they allow us to do more than just game.
I too, as well as many of your other listeners, use my PSP to get my weekly fix.
I don't think that you guys should do just one big show.
I mean, it could be great having it all at once, but at the same time, as Rob points out, we could have spread it out during the week.
As of late, I have found the delays of Part B to be annoying, but I understand that things happen.
I'm not fussing at Rob, but try to get it in on Thursday or Friday instead of Saturday or Saturday.
LOL.
We've addressed that.
Yeah, and hopefully, you know, I know he says he likes having it in two parts, but I think the whole split thing, Ultra Army and the whole combined thing, we'll try it out.
If the listeners don't like it, we'll change it back.
Well, anyway, I guess this should count for my FU of the week, but regarding the limited friends list on Xbox Live, I think that this is total bull.
People can't be limited to how many friends they can have to game with, and I think that should be part of the next dashboard update.
I should... No, I know all of your pro...
I know all about your problem, Rob.
I am on Loki's friends list, though, if you need to contact me.
Also, for any OLR listeners who would like to add me, my gamer tag is UnfoldedRaptor.
Jamie, I'm sorry if my email is a bit long for such a great show.
There is so much to be said.
Oh, thank you.
Keep up the great work and don't stop believing, from Jonathan.
Florida, home of the never-ending supply of dying elderly.
Nice.
That's a little bit horrible, but nice.
The last email is for me.
Aw.
Dear Jamie, I know I'm a dear.
Thank you so much for choosing Ristar, one of my favorite classic games of all time, as the classic game of the week.
I feel bad for not being present that evening, but I'm really sorry if I made you angry.
But being able to listen to it on the podcast was good enough for me and made my day, to say the least.
It is a pity that the audio wasn't working, so to make up for it and my absence, I will send a few separate emails with attached zip files that contain all of the great songs from Raystar, including my favorite Shooting Raystar and Ring Rink, which are songs that play in Act 1 of Planet Florida and Act 1 of Planet Freon.
Thanks again, Oscar.
P.S.
You win the world.
Well, sadly, I'm a little lazy to open up your files and open up the massive MP3s, but the good news is that YouTube appears to be working tonight, so here's a little bit of what you missed out on last week, if I can get a little clip here of the actual gameplay.
And if you want to hear more about this game, go listen to last week's show.
That it for email?
That be all.
All right.
If you want to email us, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Meanwhile, back to the game news.
Yes.
Well, I don't know what I should really say about this.
It's weird.
All right.
Well, anyways, Nintendo has unveiled a brand new, I guess, I don't know if it's a franchise, but game called Captain Rainbow.
And it's...
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
What they've said so far is that it's filled with, like, B characters from different games.
Like, for example, in the trailer that they had on WiiFolder.com, you see Birdo in there, like, talking in Japanese and stuff.
But it's a bunch of weird characters.
So, uh... So, wait, wait.
It's a brand new IP that borrows from all the other IPs.
Sort of, yeah.
Just characters they hope you don't remember.
Yeah, and the main character is this, like, dude who turns into Captain Rainbow.
This...
Captain Rainbow Reading Rainbow Wasn't that just Mario?
no interesting
Anyhow, more franchises.
This is a good thing, though.
They're not just borrowing from all the other old games.
Capcom is starting a new one as well.
It's an Xbox Live arcade game that's coming out.
It's called Flock.
Flock is a flocking puzzle game that is, apparently, it's got to do with, like, you're in this grid-style thing, but you're a UFO, and you herd these animals, and apparently the animals have effects, and then they are, therefore, affected by certain parts and levels and the puzzle aspects.
Apparently this game is supposed to be kind of like Lemmings.
Over 50 different stages, co-op online play, and a way to edit your own levels in the game.
Should be pretty neat.
This was supposed to be their secret project that they were unveiling at E3.
It doesn't look that cool, to be honest.
Yeah?
Here's a little clip.
I know a video doesn't work that great over the radio, but at least you can hear a little of the music.
Aw, it looks cute.
They're little sheep.
They're herding everywhere with the UFO.
Oh.
It looks like a cross between Kirby Golf and Lemmings.
I'll still play the trial if nothing else.
It might be cool.
You never know.
Remember folks, Dead Rising Wii.
Because they keep saying that's not going to happen.
But we know better.
What a flocking interesting announcement.
Alright, so yeah, Flock coming soon to Xbox Live Arcade.
That sounds fascinating.
E.A.
was planning on releasing two new drum kits for Rock Band 2.
a velocity sensitive drum pad and it won't be as noisy and it will have reinforced metal pedals and clip-on cymbals and the second one is actually licensed by Ion and it's called the Ion Drum Kit it's a fairly expensive one but there are electromagnetic cymbals and adjustable pads and metal frame and this would be really sweet and expensive
That's right, you heard her right.
There are going to be add-on symbols for the rock band drums.
Hmm, interesting.
You know, if people will pay like 300, 400 bucks for those arcade-style Beatmania 2DX and pop music controllers, though, why not?
Why not pay a lot of money for these ION super-duper drum sets?
Although I don't know where the F in my house I would put them.
I want them.
Except out here in the garage.
For real?
Well, I want them.
I thought the wife hated the drums.
Well, they're at work.
Ah, I see.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Why feed children?
Unless they're going to build me a kickass drum set.
You could be playing Billy Idol in Rock Band 2.
It's a nice day for a white wedding.
Anyhow.
It's a nice day for some more gaming news, too.
Yep.
All right.
How many times have we heard this rumor that there's going to be an announcement during the Nintendo conference that's going to unveil Animal Crossing Wii?
I know.
I think, are we really going to be shocked if it gets announced?
Yes, because it's like, OMG, it's finally here.
The more the shock is, is it going to look like it's going to actually be kind of different and more interesting than the DS one?
I'm guessing they're not innovating on shit, since they didn't innovate on hardly anything from the DS and GameCube ones.
I'll still buy it because I'm a consumer whore Mr. Dream
Mike Tyson, maybe?
George Foreman?
Put him in the game.
I guess.
We need a fucking Excite Truck 2.
Fuck this Punch-Out shit.
We'll see.
The news conference is only days away, and that will confirm Animal Crossing and Punch-Out, possibly, or possibly not.
Well, here's what I'm worried about, okay?
Because Nintendo, they have a trend of following stupid ideas sometimes.
You know, with the whole Wii wheel and the Wii zapper.
It was just like...
Hey, the Wii Wheel!
People buy those stupid third-party wheels because they want to pretend that they have a steering wheel because they can't use their imagination.
Let's put one out, too!
Hey, you know, they can't imagine that it's a gun.
Let's make it look like a gun.
What are we going to have with the fucking, you know, boxing gloves or something?
I mean, seriously, there's going to be some really retarded stuff coming out, I'm sure.
Alright.
There'll be storage, dammit!
I want my storage!
You know what this show needs, you guys?
Before we wrap it up and take some calls and get out of here for the night.
You know what this show needs?
More Journey.
Welcome down the boulevard
Run, Do Not Walk, To Mame, and check this out.
Yes, it's a cheesy game, but for its time period, it was awesome.
Because the actual cabinet would play the song separate ways on tape.
When you beat the game, you were at a Journey concert, and separate ways would play on tape, and it was awesome.
And then the aliens would kidnap all their instruments again.
However, Steve Perry...
I never thought we should have done the game Rock Snob
and then you get this as if the ego wasn't big enough see it's funny because I thought that we were big already that we didn't need a video game but that's just how the world judges you like gee whiz you have a Lamborghini so you must be big I didn't understand that whatever like seriously go watch some of your own 80s music videos and yeah then come back to me come back to me and talk I still love Journey though and I still love Steve Perry even if he's a rock snob who kind of said a dumpy thing this week
and JourneyStillAwesome.
Don't let anybody tell you different.
Right, DarkSakura?
Right!
Alright.
And... And the ferret.
Alright.
Before we close out the show tonight, get to the sky plane, get some calls, we have to pay respect to our elders this week by revisiting the classics.
And we have for you guys, if Jamie doesn't drop her microphone much more, we have for you a trip down memory lane with this, the classic game of the week.
And apparently...
DarkSakura is opting for a classic of classics.
Like a just freaking, I don't want to say obvious choice, but just a choice that had to be here eventually.
Had to.
Right?
Absolutely.
So what did you pick for the kids tonight?
Chrono Trigger.
Of course.
Also, it's because Saw suggested it too.
Oh, I was going to speculate maybe it was tied into the recent announcement of the DS conversion.
I had to play the best music in the game.
This is like my favorite music in the game.
My second favorite music in the game.
Let's hear it a little louder.
What is this?
It's the old palace music.
Awesome.
Alright, go ahead.
Anyway, it was a roleplay game that came out on the Super Nintendo, Super Famicom.
It was released in Japan on March 11, 1995 and August 22, 1995 in North America.
It actually has, I think it's great they mentioned this, Square's Dream Team was behind it, which was Hironobu Sakaguchi, Kazuhiko Aoki, and Nobuo Uematsu, so that's pretty cool.
Also, the main artist behind the characters was Akira Toyama, who did the Dragon Quest series, and we better know for Dragon Ball and Dr. Slump.
Now remember, water summons wind, and wind makes fire dance.
Yes, it does.
And, um, so, uh...
A lot of the musical score though was done by Yasunori Mitsuda who actually passed on his duties to Uematsu when he fell ill.
But a lot of the way that this game played is that
It was sort of an action slash sort of turn-based RPG.
You could totally avoid some of the battles because you'd see the enemies hanging out.
But if you wanted to go into the battle, you would run up to the creatures, they would spot you, and then your battle sequence would start.
And the style is actually sort of reminding me of later on in the Evolution series.
Did you ever play that?
Evolution, and Grandia.
Um, and you would have, um, you know, everyone had hit points, they would have magical weaknesses, but the really cool thing about this, and this is actually, it was called the Active Time Battle System, which, um, actually, uh, was designed for Final Fantasy IV, which we had over here as well, um, where you have a personal timer that's based on your character speed statistic.
and you also get techs as your magic attack but the good thing about them is that you could combine your techs with other people once you you know use them enough and you would have like for example the antipode attacks it was the fire and ice attack remember that and you get different levels of those um or the uh
I just remember Frog's giant bouncing frog.
That was awesome.
The giant bouncing frog was great.
That's actually in this clip too, later on.
I mean, not in this clip, but it was in another clip.
Dude, this person played through the entire freaking game and it's all on YouTube.
Like 120 some odd parts.
It's huge.
Like 15 minutes a piece.
Ultimaga Weapon.
The other really neat example, by the way, is combining Chrono's Cyclone tech with Luka's Flame Toss to create Flame Whirl as their attack.
Also, the other cool thing is because you would guess by having Chrono in the title that it has to do with time, it did have time travel.
You could go to the same place in time.
And for a while you'd only have certain ways that you could do it.
But as you progressed, you eventually got a ship that would let you go through time.
And you would do different things through different parts of the game.
And the best thing about it was New Game+.
where you would start your game over with everything intact except for the special equipment that were part of the storyline to find, like the Masamune.
The characters in it, you had Chrono, who was like your main guy, and his was the lightning-based attack, I do believe.
And then you had Luka, you had Marle...
You also had a bonus character, which was Magus, but you can either keep him or let him go, depending on whatever you said to him.
You also had a bajillion different endings in this, and to refer to the actual... Super Nintendo version, sorry.
You actually, I do believe that you had 14 endings, I want to say?
Yeah.
So it was actually fairly sweet.
Including one where you get to hang with the developers, which is kind of cool.
That one was my favorite just because it was... Sorry about the high-pitched noise.
That's the game they're transporting right now.
but um it was just it was the game was epic and there was a PlayStation release that had I do believe an extra dungeon in it and also another ending plus it had animated cutscenes in it as far as the original release it actually did have
Some pretty interesting innovations to the cartridge itself.
There was, however, a bit of controversy that an unfinished version of the game had a ROM linked up on the internet.
Back in 95.
That had music that was not used in the game.
And a dungeon called the Singing Mountain.
And another character that... There were other sprites for characters that never were used.
I wonder if we'll see that in the DS.
Well, I do want to say that I think that that level...
was used eventually.
But I never played the PlayStation version, so don't quote me on that one.
And also, Chrono Cross was a true sequel to it.
In one of the anime cutscenes that was for Chrono Cross, it led up to Luca finding the kid for Chrono Cross.
So it was sort of interesting.
It's rumored also that Chrono Trigger is supposed to be coming on to Virtual Console.
There is going to be a DS release.
Which, in my opinion, means the Virtual Console one won't happen.
Why would they only make $15 off the Virtual Console one when they can charge $35.40 for the DS one?
Unless they're going to innovate something, but it looks so far.
The trailer is actually up at chronotrigger.jp or .co.jp.
So you can see it looks just the same.
But there was another project that I don't know if you'd ever heard of called Chrono Resurrection.
Yes.
I think we covered it on the show like a while ago.
But yeah, it looked awesome.
Yeah, and basically they were redoing the whole thing in 3D, and Squenix did release a cease and desist.
There are supposed to be ROM hacks out there, but...
As to where you can find them, if someone can find them, let me know.
There's also plenty of good music.
There's actually an acid jazz soundtrack release.
It was called Brink of Time.
It's actually really good.
I've listened to it.
There's also the play concerts had some Chrono Trigger music in it.
And, of course, there's the regular soundtrack.
and then of course you can find the there's an album called Time and Space a tribute to Yasunori Mitsuda and Chrono Symphonic which was released by Overclocked
Wow.
Lots of stuff on Chrono Trigger.
And lots of fan art and stuff.
I had a thought.
You know how the rumor was going around that the Final Fantasy XI folks are supposed to be working on a new MMO that's not Final Fantasy?
What if it was some type of Chrono Online RPG?
I bet it would work.
There's more.
The Satellaview had a release, a spin-off game called Chrono Trigger Jetpack Special, which is a minigame.
The whole racing scene that I hated in Chrono Trigger.
And then...
There was also a 16-minute OAV.
It was called Numano Monja Time and Space Adventures, which was...
I actually downloaded it today, but I watched it all on YouTube earlier, and it's very silly, but it's got some funny stuff in it.
It's actually pretty cute.
And then Radical Dreamers was like a scenario version.
It was a side story to Chrono Trigger that came out on Citella View in 1996.
So there you go.
All right, your classic game of the week.
been a long time coming, Chrono Trigger here on Orange Launch Radio for the Super Nintendo and soon to be a bunch of others, PlayStation I guess you could say and soon to be the DS who knows, maybe someday, if people get what they want, Virtual Console, there you have it
All right, now we are going to go and take your calls on the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
However, quickly, before we take calls, I want to say tonight, we really want to hear your predictions for E3, especially like Wild One.
Don't name things that have already been somewhat confirmed, but what are your kind of predictions for E3 tonight?
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's the one and only Raven Stolfen.
Well, hello, one and only Raven Stolfen.
How you doing?
DeadPixelLive.com
I think there might be laws against him doing that in public.
No, really.
Anything game-related you think that maybe hasn't been touched on that you think we'll see at E3?
Or that you want to see?
You know what?
I'm probably going to be the only one here, and I'm going to predict Wii Fit 2.
Wii Fit 2?
This early?
Really?
I would think if we're going to get Wii Fit 2, we'd hear about it next E3.
But that's just me.
or some expansion of Wii Fit because it's good.
Don't get me wrong.
It's really good.
But it's slim.
So they need to put something out now.
All right.
Well, what do you think though if Animal Crossing and Punch-Out are their big flagship games for the Christmas season?
Dude, Punch-Out with the balance board would be hot.
It would be kind of fun.
Blackwolf says they're going to announce when they actually put more Wii Fit on shelves.
I still can't find one.
Me neither.
I tried to look for it when I bought Civ Revolution and they didn't have it.
Sad.
I lost 20 pounds on Wii Fit.
Wow, really?
See, ever since my pancreas issues, I've lost 30 pounds.
And I'm just thinking, God, how much more could I lose if Wii Fit got in the picture, you know?
Yeah.
Crazy.
Anything else?
Any other predictions for E3 this year?
Down with corporate radio, boo.
One more thing.
Of course.
I did get the iPhone 3G and it's nice and fast.
DarkSakura, you should get Shazam for your iPhone.
Shazam?
What's Shazam?
Does it have anything to do with Captain Marvel?
It does nothing to do with Captain Marvel.
Basically, say you're listening to a song and you have no idea what it is.
The iPhone will listen to that song and tell you what it is.
That's kind of cool.
That's what some of those Verizon phones are.
Yeah, I've heard about the Verizon thing.
Oh, that's kind of neat.
Well, I've got a real obscure song that I need a title to, so I may have to hit that up.
Wait, wait, wait.
You may have a usefulness for an Apple product?
Well, I've tried those other services that listen to the song, and they can't figure it out.
Interesting.
I bet you it probably only works with well-known songs.
Yeah, I'm sure.
If this is obscure enough.
We'll see.
You never know.
You never know.
That's why there's this radio station.
The one radio station I will listen to in town.
is completely DJ-free, and it plays the music I like, which is like 90s, 80s, and today music, but it's all kind of like alternative-y.
But at the end of every song, they say the name and the artist.
There's no DJs on the network, but there's this little robotic voice that will say, for instance, today I heard Duran Duran, The Reflex, which was awesome.
Awesome.
I know, it's an awesome radio station, I gotta say, which is funny because it used to be the dentist's office music station, but now it's pretty awesome.
Anyway, any other quick thoughts?
We gotta go.
One more thing.
One more thing.
Last thing.
The remote for the iPhone to control your iTunes is great.
That one is my favorite app.
I like the application called Flashlight because I imagine you push a button and it just turns your screen white.
Flashlight.
It sure is.
I haven't tried that yet, but the iPhone is a flashlight.
You can use that.
How about an OLR app?
We need an OLR app on iPhone stat.
Are you working on it?
you are not working on it someone work on it for us and bring our text based game to iPhone we need iPhone's work iPhone's work alright we gotta let you go we want more predictions take care buddy good luck with Dead Pigs Alive hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this?
hey hey it's Ranma from New York you have been on the show too damn much recently but that's okay we love you how was the flight back?
good?
yeah there was a slight issue getting back but we'll save that for another time alright fair enough hey what are your predictions for E3?
I believe I told you that last week and I'll say it again Reggie Fils-Aim will come out on stage and not just cockslap everyone with his Wii as Raven Dolphin said he will announce Star Fox with twin sticks using the Wiimote and Nunchuck I could go for that there hasn't been any Star Fox loving on the Wii I could go for that that's a realistic prediction hell yes awesome anything else what about the other systems you Nintendo fanboy what about Xbox and Sony World
Well, since they're doing this 60 gig thing, I see them coming out saying to everybody who bought a 360 in the past three months is getting a $50 rebate check and they're going to announce like 60 gig hard drives for pickup because I'm running out of space in my 360.
We have Guitar Hero and Rock Band in the house, so yeah.
What?
DarkSakura.com
Which would be my prediction.
If you ask me my prediction for E3, I do think our friends, Reggie Fils-Aim is going to come out and address that issue and make that other guy from Europe look like the jackass he is.
I hope.
I hope.
That's plausible.
I actually believe that one more.
I will stand up and applaud.
Not that I can watch the Nintendo conference live, but I will stand up and applaud if I can.
Maybe if we're lucky, Nintendo World will make an announcement like they did a couple years ago.
They'll be doing a live feed of the press conference.
look around on the internet, internet sites are doing it this year and I believe G4 is doing it again and supposedly learned their lesson about the commercial interruptions but honestly why watch it on G4, you can watch it on the internet probably be a lot I'm going to be stuck at work so I'm going to need some type of RSS feed I can guarantee that the Microsoft press conference will be on Xbox.com and it'll probably be on Microsoft's site they normally feed those
I want to say, if I remember right, and I apologize if I'm misappropriating this because I'm going to be talking about someone else's show, but I watch Twitter and I follow other podcasters on Twitter.
I want to say Gamertag Radio is running the Xbox conference, of course, because, you know, Gamertag, hello.
But I think they're running the Nintendo one, too, on their site, so check it.
Awesome.
I might definitely do that.
Yep.
All righty.
Well, we're going to let you go.
We've got to get more prediction calls, okay?
Cool.
No problem.
Later, guys.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Bye, Jamie.
Bye.
What?
No bye for Matt?
Whatever.
I love you, Loki.
You're alright, man.
Alright, bye.
Take care, Ranma.
That was pretty good, I gotta say.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is
Hey, you're dropping out there a little bit, bud.
Make sure you got everything else shut off on your internets.
That's right.
I've been having problems lately.
All right.
Give it a try.
Quickly, what are your predictions for this year's E3?
Identify yourself, too.
Who are you?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I forgot to say Gold Banjo.
Well, hello, Gold Banjo.
What are you predicting for E3 this year?
Okay.
Well, I'm hoping for maybe an F-Zero Wii, but I don't know if it'll happen.
That is a mighty fine prediction, and it may be a little bit fanboyish, but I'm with you on that, because I still will play F-Zero on the GameCube, F-Zero GX.
I love F-Zero.
That is one of my favorite racing series.
I love it.
And what Ranma said, I guess I'm hoping for that too.
All the predictions so far are pretty good, so I don't know how many of them we'll see, but I'm excited about it.
GS68 in chat says F-Zero is a dead series.
I hope to hell you're wrong.
I hope you're wrong, because I don't know about you, Loki.
Aren't you a big F-Zero fan too?
I love... That was only the last one, and it was alright.
The problem with the arcade one, the only problem I had with the arcade one was the fact that it had like six tracks.
But my god, the GameCube and the way it linked together was awesome.
Oh man, I just... The only problem was finding an arcade cabinet.
Is what?
Finding an arcade cabinet.
Yeah, yeah, true, true.
Well, any other quick predictions?
A lot of our callers are jumping right to Nintendo.
What about Microsoft and Sony camps?
Anything you got there?
I don't have a PS3 or a 360.
So who cares?
Fuck them, right?
Yeah, one more thing about the F-Zero thing.
Sure, sure.
You know the F-Zero expansion pack, right?
For that cancelled add-on for the N64?
Oh, right, huh?
They had a car and track editor, but yet they never added that into GX when it came out.
I would hope that they would add that for the Wii.
Maybe some track and car sharing and stuff.
That would be awesome.
That would be pretty cool.
I'm going to go play some Xero GameCube tonight.
I got my GameCube controller for Mega Man.
I got a new memory card for the Mega Man game when I bought it.
Now I'm itching to play some F-Zero.
So thanks a lot.
That's all good.
Alright.
We gotta let you go, buddy.
Take care and happy E3.
Yep.
You too.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or use name on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is ActDeft.
Hey, ActDeft.
I love your icon on Skype.
By the way, it's a little Kirby chef.
It's awesome.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
I have two.
One Nintendo-related, another Sony one.
Okay, my Sony one is Sniper 4 for the PlayStation 3.
Or maybe a PSP game.
A what for the PS3?
Sly Cooper.
Oh, okay.
Sly Cooper.
Cool, okay.
So some game announcements, that's good.
I definitely hope that it's going to be announced, though.
It's a far shot.
Any reason why you're going for Sly Cooper?
Well, maybe because I'm a fan of the series.
So I really hope that this time it's going to be announced.
No reason you can't have a little fanboyism in your predictions.
What about Nintendo?
A new Kirby game for the Wii.
So your icon's not just a clever icon.
Yeah, a Kirby game for the Wii would be kind of cool, although it doesn't seem like Kirby's been living on the DS lately.
Well, the Kirby franchise needs a new, definitely new game, like a lift-off.
That Kirby drawing game on the DS might be kind of fun on the Wii.
I actually like that game quite a bit.
I don't remember, Touch All-Stars, I like that game, it was fun.
Yeah, one of my predictions on the forums for this year was going to be a port or a new game using that same gameplay.
So I hope Nintendo announces this E3.
Alright, we'll see.
Actdeft, any other quick last thoughts before we get to some more predictions?
No, just thanks on the question for Tomotaro Riko.
Hey, no problem.
This show is not just about the three of us.
It's about the listeners.
So when we can ask questions that we know our listeners will want to hear, we ask them.
Thanks.
Alright, take care, buddy.
I hope it does get back to them, by the way.
I think this will be our last call, then we're going to call it a night because we're running pretty long.
Hey, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
GS68.
Well, hello.
You got through.
What's your predictions for E3, buddy?
The boys of Calamity and Harmonix duke it out over the whole Rock Battle lawsuit, and it's a myth that an arcade game gets announced at E3 and the whole universe dies.
So are you suggesting that Konami should bring back their Rumble Roses models from a few E3s ago and they can duke it out in Cream Corn or Jell-O Wrestling?
No, I was joking.
I wasn't.
Maybe, like you and some of the cars have said, maybe Nintendo will address the storage space to some sort of attachment to the Wii that plugs into the USB drive or something.
Yeah, just a patch that they could release overnight that'll let the USB drives work.
I don't know, call it a hunch.
Also, freaking Super Mario RPG gets it released on Virtual Console.
Ah, now there's a good fanboy prediction.
Super Mario RPG on Virtual Console.
We know it's coming eventually, right?
We heard the Japanese one.
So you would think if it's coming out in Japan, it's got to come out here eventually.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
Any other predictions, sir?
What about the Sony and Microsoft end of things?
Well, I don't really know because the only next-gen console I have is a Wii.
I don't feel like selling a lot of money for a 360 or PS3 at the moment.
How about, okay, I'll give you a fanboy one because I would love to see this someday.
How about a company announces in partnership with either Microsoft or Sony a localized version of WANGAM Midnight Maximum Tune for consoles?
No, I...
I don't know, that game seems like the kind of game that I'd rather play in arcades.
The PS3 version of Wind Game Midnight sucks balls.
Because it's a different thing.
It's not related to the actual arcade series.
That game's based on... It is based off the arcade series, but the problem is it's a port of a PlayStation 1 game, I think.
Well, because it's based off... It and the original Wind Game Midnight arcade game were...
based on Tokyo Extreme Racer for the PS2 or Dreamcast.
So the magic just belongs in the arcades.
It doesn't need to be brought home.
Yeah, some things in the arc... I mean, that's what the arcade needs.
More things that you can only experience in the arcade.
I mean, these days you can just easily port shmups and fighters to the consoles and PCs.
Fair enough.
I'll give you that, sir.
Alright, we're going to wrap it up, GS68, but thanks for the call.
Have a good one, okay?
You too.
Alright, later.
We will see what happens at E3.
It all starts this week.
It's going to be awesome.
In the meantime though, we're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts and wrap up the show tonight.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
Think for yourself and learn to be offended.
My final thought is I want a Hot Pocket.
Loki?
My final thought is I have a bunch of last-minute stories.
Oh, yeah, we never get to last-minute stories.
I'm sorry.
All right, last-minute stories then.
Okay, real quick.
Madden Soundtracks coming to Rock Band's download content.
I guess that's kind of cool.
Did I leave that off the show roll?
My bad.
Yeah.
I'm a dummy.
All right.
Onichanbara, that game with the chick in lingerie and a cowboy hat fighting zombies with a samurai sword, is coming to the Wii in the U.S.
now.
Fuck yeah, that's awesome.
Here's one of my predictions to come out of V3.
That there's going to be a software patch for the Wii that will allow you to use the Wii Classic controller or perhaps this brand new trademark patented controller that Nintendo will be putting out.
Um...
GameCube Controllers
That's supposedly going to debut on Xbox Live Arcade tomorrow.
There's also a rumor that they're going to surprise us with Geometry Wars Retrovolve 2.
That might be the surprise thing tomorrow.
There are a couple other games that they mentioned as well, including... I don't know where to go here.
There was some other crosswords game that's going to be coming out.
Which, I don't know, that didn't look too exciting at all.
They did announce that, though.
That's really happening.
Yeah, that's really happening.
And there was also some other game.
A shooter game.
Shred Nebula.
Dude, I would not want to be crappy crosswords game in the week that Duke Nukem or Geometry Wars 2 or these other rumored things get released.
Exactly.
Um...
There's one thing I do know.
There was an article this week about Blazing Lizard.
I guess they're being represented by Flashman Studios.
You may not know who Blazing Lizard is, but they're the ones behind Pirates vs. Ninja Dodgeball on Xbox Live Arcade.
and they have an unannounced title for the Wii.
I know what that game is by chance and it actually is Pirates vs. Ninja Dodgeball.
It's coming to the Wii now too.
Let's see.
There's a pretty cool game coming out called I Heart Geeks.
It's a rude Goldberg puzzle game kind of like in The Incredible Machine.
It's kind of neat.
and apparently there are some leaks out of Sony's support site about upcoming titles including Punisher Warzone for the PS3 and Maxim Pinball, Cinnamon Beats, Alien Sports Minigolf, and Under Fire.
Kind of interesting.
There's going to be a new Wolfenstein game at E3 this year.
In fact, that's already in the new Game Informer magazine, so check that out.
It's pretty cool.
and also rumored that Rock Band 2 setlist includes Guns N' Roses and the Chinese Democracy Trek.
That would be a pretty awesome little surprise.
That could be very interesting.
And that's all I really want to talk about right now.
All right.
Well, oh, oh, I'm sorry.
One more thing.
Sorry.
Sorry.
This is completely Raven's Dolphin.
Sorry.
This is completely random, but I saw there was this list that was on game trailers.
It's eight extremely embarrassing E3 moments.
And the one that they have in the very beginning on here is Jamie Kennedy.
Remember his Activision little spiel last year was completely embarrassing and he wasn't very funny.
I actually met Jamie Kennedy this Wednesday.
I have a picture with him, actually.
It's pretty crappy.
And I have a new autograph for our autograph wall.
Hooray.
I don't know.
He's actually pretty funny in person.
I need to put the Freeze Pop autograph up, by the way, that Ranma got me for my birthday.
And I'm digging that new Freeze Pop album.
Actually, it's pretty fun.
Good times.
Alright, your final thought, Loki.
My final thought is I hopefully will finish OLR PSP this week.
I know my wife is really hating that I'm working on this.
Did you want to change your final thought, DarkSakura, since it's been so long?
No.
Alright, and I will agree with GameGuru on a last final thought.
E3 better rock.
I agree, especially since we're not there to party away.
Until next time, we'll be back next week with all of the E3 news.
And if anything especially strikes us, we may go live midweek.
We'll see.
Not live, but a tape thing because we can't invade other all-game show space.
But maybe something midweek.
We'll see.
In the meantime, I'm Rob Roberts.
She's DarkSakura.
He's Loki.
And this is Orange Launch Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
