25 years ago, years truly was downloading games via Zmodem, AOL channels, playing on
the Imagination Network somewhere around then too.
I played Doom, I played Duke Nukem 3D, but then the brown medieval trappings of Quake
called my name.
And now, 25 years later, I'm doing it all over again.
And you know what?
I am just fine with that.
Or at least I will do it this week.
It's been a busy weekend, okay?
This is the end of the game on my two playlists.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about
this anniversary and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again tonight with episode number 881
of our show for this August the 22nd of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm happy to be with you week after week here on Sunday
nights where we do tape live at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the
Bobby Blackwell show at The Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
And joining me as they do every week, except last week, but say hello to DarkSakra or Jamie
Summers.
Hi.
Hi.
I understand you haven't been feeling well, but I'm glad you're back.
Yeah.
I had an upper respiratory infection and now it's a sinus infection.
So I'm on some good antibiotics and hopefully I'll be back to normal in no time.
I feel a lot better than I did last week.
Well, two things with that.
Number one, at least it wasn't the big C and number two, your wig looks marvelous.
So it's a wig.
I bleached all this shit.
Sorry.
Kidding.
It's a wig.
I don't wear wigs.
Yes.
I understand.
All right.
Oh.
Oh, go ahead.
Nothing.
I'll bring it up during my game.
All right.
Uh, say hello to somebody else who only wears their natural hair on this program.
Say hello to type master Loki.
As little bit as I can.
I got a haircut.
That's the reason I understand what I have to tell me it's too long.
What little bit is left?
You have to work with.
I understand that struggle very well.
Well, no, no, it's not going away.
I'm making it go away.
I always buzz it so that I don't have to comb it.
Must be nice.
Can't relate.
Good thing.
I like hats.
I just, I'm just giving you crap.
What's what's the game playing behind you tonight, Loki, for those that are watching
live on Twitch?
Uh, one of the last greatest saints row games that there was saints row two, actually saints
row three.
Wasn't bad.
We don't talk about saints row four though.
Yeah.
Saints row three was a lot of fun.
Like I, again, I've said this before on the show.
I don't think I've ever laughed harder playing a video game than I did those opening moments
of saints row three.
Like, it's just so fucking funny.
Saints row three felt like the saints row that the writer's strike hit that like it
was pretty good, but then they made some really stupid decisions like story wise.
It's like, Hey, you know, that character that you're really liking is one of the best characters
in the game.
Yeah.
We're going to kill them off in the beginning of the game.
Isn't that fun?
Isn't that fun?
Don't you guys enjoy that?
Surprise.
So it's like the matrix online.
Everything is led up to this.
Then they retcon that bullshit into a new game and then like they try to retcon it again.
Now they're retconning the whole thing, which is I'm totally cool with.
All right.
But we'll get to that later in the show.
First off, we're going to start off with tonight's kickoff topic, which is actually a little
bit more of a serious topic because it's a serious problem that's happening all over
Twitch and we need to talk about these hate raids that are occurring on Twitch.
It is a show about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And this is certainly, unfortunately, a part of what gaming cultures become because Twitch
is so prevalent in our culture.
And unfortunately, it's affecting people's lifestyles.
So this qualifies for discussion on tonight's show.
And let's just be real, these hate raids suck.
They've been occurring 99.99% on a marginalized communities channel.
Unfortunately, some of the fear about all of these new tags may be used to harass certain
individuals certainly seems to be the case as we see several black streamers are getting
targeted with this.
Several trans streamers are getting targeted with this.
Lots of folks across.
Friends of mine.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I was watching LC one night when this happened to him and he shut off the alerts as you usually
do and you know, all that stuff and you know, just try to play it off and acting normal,
but it's irritating, right?
Especially when, you know, sure, it's really easy to hit the button and stop this stuff
from happening.
I mean, heaven forbid it ever happened here at VoG network, but our policy, you know,
we have a plan if it were to happen here.
Number one is don't acknowledge it because that's what the folks want.
It is very easy for me to suddenly turn off the little bar at the bottom that shows everybody
who's following.
I think this is a good thing that ours is a little more subtle because we're recording
a podcast.
Most streamers don't do that.
They have little with a little name that comes up really big because they want to read it.
You know, thank you so and so for the follow, but the hate Raiders obviously exploit that
to try to get streamers to stay, say memes and you know, stupid jokes and things like
that, but we can turn that off relatively quickly.
And thankfully 90% of the time Bobby's here and he'll have this thing in sub mode in two
seconds and I'll have ads running in three seconds.
So you know, unfortunately for those that don't subscribe to VoG network here on Twitch,
you will be inconvenienced a little bit and I apologize for that, but you can, I'm sure
you all understand if we have to hit the panic button because something like that's happening,
we're going to hit the panic button and it may be a little inconvenient.
It's inconvenient for us too, but we're, our, our top priority is, you know, making this
show that we're doing here.
But isn't it weird that I'm having to discuss, here's our plan, here's our thing that we're
going to do when it's Twitch at their level.
They've sent some tweets that are like, we're listening, we know it's a problem, it's unacceptable,
but I mean, it's still happening and what is Twitch is like, well, we can't tell you
what we're doing because then the Raiders, you know, are constantly working to circumvent
that.
Let that to an extent, but it really looks like you aren't doing anything Twitch.
I mean, when people are continuing to get these raids, perhaps explain something that
you implemented that already got circumvented since it was already circumvented anyway.
You know, let people peek behind the curtain a little more because what I find fascinating
is that there's, you know, individual modders and people out there that are trying to help
the situation.
Somebody put together a script that would ban like all these usernames super fast and
things like that, which is, it helps.
But it's weird that Twitch isn't doing that.
Do you want to say something, Jamie?
Oh, I was going to say, Burban was talking about using that earlier today.
I was trying to get the link, but I had to hop out of his stream to come here.
Yeah, no, I understand.
Loki, what were you going to say?
I was going to say, I don't understand what it is that they're doing that they feel that
they can't discuss it.
If it's going to be that easily circumvented, if they mention it like, then that's obviously
not the approach to take.
If it's going to be that easily circumvented, I mean, I don't understand what the problem
is.
Well, and honestly, and I put this in a tweet and this is my honest to God feedback on this
whole thing is that Twitch, if you're serious about this, the easiest way you could counter
this today is disabled the ability to create a new account done.
And I know people are saying they're going, but doesn't that defeat the purpose of Twitch
money?
Yeah, they want money.
They want this growth.
Well, Twitch, clearly you can't handle the growth, Twitch, if you aren't able to deal
with this issue.
And I think an action like that, as drastic as it may seem, well, guess what?
Twitch needs to show they're doing something drastic about the issues.
Drastic times call for drastic measures, and I think they should disable the creation of
new accounts until they fix this.
All of you watching right now have an account.
And I would bet even the people listening on the podcast feed probably already have
an account.
Most people that are going to participate in Twitch already have an account.
Now sure, there are people that aged 18 every day and maybe want to get on Twitch for the
first time.
I understand a couple weeks of inconvenience is going to be worth it in the long run.
And it'll, it would, it would be Twitch showing they're serious about this and they're trying
to do something about this.
And that's, that's the hill.
Is this the hill over here?
Because I'll go die on it.
This is what Twitch should do right now.
Disable the ability to create a new account.
Or if you want to toss me the bare fucking minimum, you want to give me a little grass
on that hill, at least make it harder to make an account.
Because right now it's not hard to make an account on Twitch.
And that's what the bots are exploiting.
You know, or look at the accounts that are being made.
If they're making like, you know, John Doe, one, two, three, John Doe, one, two, four,
John Doe, one, two, five.
If those three accounts are made in like a five minute span, the system should be able
to detect that something's afoot and like stop that immediately.
So I'll tell you something that happened with my stream at midnight that I had.
Is I kept seeing this thing like lunar underscore this, lunar underscore that, lunar underscore
this.
And it would happen like maybe every 20 minutes or so.
And thankfully, Finara was in there last night to help me with the ban hammer, but I was,
I had to ban them like the moment that they would come in and my, my, my channel is follower
only right now for, for chat.
And that's, and that's the bummer.
That's what most people are having to do, which sucks.
And you know, I'm sitting here talking about, well, our plan is I'm going to hit this button
that's going to fuck over anyone who doesn't pay us money.
And I hate that.
I hate that situation that we're in, but I'm going to do it to silence the hate if I have
to.
And I imagine there's a lot of people out there for their communities.
They don't want to do this.
They don't want to lessen the amount of people, legitimate people that can participate with
their community.
But Twitch is putting us in this position and what's pissing a lot of people off about
it is that Twitch takes half our income.
Everybody knows that, right?
I say our income, like we're making a ton of money here at VoG network.
We're not.
We're pretty transparent.
We're tier one subs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So tier one subs cost $5, right?
And the, the broadcaster gets $2 and 50 cents of that, that currency obviously varies from
country to country, but it's basically $5 or the equivalent and the broadcaster gets
half of it, two fifties.
That means Twitch is pocketing the other $2 and 50 cents for what?
The bandwidth.
Okay.
The, um, the brokerage of selling the ads, which, you know, we're going to come back
to that point in a minute and all this other stuff.
Okay.
I get that.
But part of that is also creating a safe and secure place because we're bringing our communities
here.
Y'all want us to bleed purple, right?
Well, it's also going a little bit beyond that too, because, um, people have had to
shut off, uh, uh, permanent discord invite links, um, which, um, I haven't, I had the
problem once and thankfully other people caught it and it was taken care of before I had to,
to deal with it too much.
And thank you everybody.
Thank you.
Actually, Mike Deft in chat who, who really was phenomenal and helping me, helping me
with that.
But they're going in and also finding those discord links and rating discord channels
as well.
Yup.
And uh, I'm not going to tell you specifically how the contingency plan works at VOG, but
we, we, we have a way to, uh, mix that up if we need to, you know, and, um, but it's
stupid.
Like we should, we shouldn't have to take these precautions in the first place.
Um, yeah, anyway, um, so what's being done about it, uh, from the user perspective?
Well, there's been calls for a day off Twitch basically, uh, and that's what it is.
Hashtag a day off Twitch, several streamers got together to say that they are going to
boycott Twitch on September 1st is the day of the big boycott.
Um, and, uh, that means don't watch it.
That means don't stream on it.
And I'll tell you, there's a lot extra convenient for me cause it's my anniversary.
Well, and you know, yeah, and for me, I'm going to be in the air on my way to dragon
con, so I wouldn't have really been able to participate anyway, but I'm still there in
spirit and actually go ahead.
I was going to say, I've, I've posted to take it a step further and turn off all of your
hosting, make your channel dead for the day.
I think that's a great idea, especially if you are hosting somebody and they are alive
on that day and should know better, you shouldn't be giving them the attention to for breaking
the boycott.
If a marginalized person who relies on Twitch for income wants to go live on September 1st
because they can't get by without it, I'm not going to judge that, but I'm not going
to judge that.
But I mean, most of the people that I have on my auto host, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Most people don't fall in that category.
Yeah.
Um, but I just, I kind of want to put the little parentheses like I, I fully support
the boycott parentheses, but I understand there are those who can't do it.
So, you know, and that whole thing, um, but, um, yeah, and, and actually something I suggested
on Twitter that, um, you know, I'm probably not the only person to think of this, but
I swear I thought of it all by myself and I'm going to pat myself on the back.
I think this is a great idea.
I think September 1st is a day you celebrate your community somewhere else, meaning don't
do Twitch.
Why not?
This is the day that you create a YouTube or this is the day that you make a podcast.
This is the day that you get on your discord in a private channel because discord lets
you stream in there too.
And you stream to your community.
Lots of us have TikToks.
What's that?
Lots of us have TikToks.
Yeah.
TikToks.
So we'll put like highlight reels and stuff up.
In my opinion, it's more powerful to show ways that you can support your community without
Twitch, I think sends a bigger message in my opinion.
But that of course leads to this other discussion where a lot of people are like, well, I'm
just going to leave Twitch and go somewhere else to which I'm going to say, where, where
like there are, and I'm sorry, there's no big competitor to Twitch right now.
YouTube I guess, but you know, and there's all these other up and coming companies I've
heard of things like what is that Altair, Altair?
I've heard of other places and don't get me wrong.
I'm rooting for these underdogs.
I'm rooting for them.
But here's the thing, Twitch makes it very easy to start making money.
So you know how I said earlier, half that money goes to them brokering ads and all that
stuff.
Yeah.
Twitch makes it very easy to start making money on Twitch and the fact that they're
owned by Amazon kind of helps because if nothing else, Amazon's always going to step in there
to show, you know, Billie Eilish or whatever the hell's going on on Amazon prime right
now.
So the reality is, and again, many people are relying on Twitch for either supplemental
income or income, or even just the folks that are like, it's kind of fun to get a check
for $100 even if it's twice a year, if that, you know, it's kind of fun to see that happen.
And so it makes people a little bit hesitant to just jump off and go somewhere else.
So like we have to really like before we just say we're going to go somewhere else where
like who's built up to that level yet?
I mean, maybe YouTube, but even YouTube, I think it's a lot harder to make money on YouTube,
but once you kind of get in there, you can probably make a lot more to be honest.
Just depending on what level creator you are, just once you get in there, you know, yeah,
however many years that'll take.
Right.
And so, you know, getting 50 followers and three viewers at a time, that isn't insurmountable.
That's very achievable for many people.
YouTube wants what, is it 10,000 followers on your channel now?
It's a lot.
It's 1000 subscribers and I can't remember the watch hours is, but it's like, you know,
a large amount of watch hours, 50 followers, 1000 followers.
Who's got the easier bar to get in there and make money?
We don't even have 1000 followers here on volume.
I certainly don't have that on my personal channel.
And that's also assuming that everything goes fine with YouTube.
It's just like randomly, hey, today we deleted your channel, you know, for a reason.
Hey, today we disabled monetization from your channel because you're putting out too much
content that is, your content is not engaging enough or something like that.
Or you're recycling content, even though you're not, you know, it's just plagued with bots,
different types of bots.
But also, you know, you have the problems with these large platforms that they are to
the size now where they can't automate, they basically can't regulate themselves using
people.
They have to rely on bots to do everything and the bots are stupid.
I agree.
And that's part of my issue with YouTube is that, and I've said this before, YouTube is
not very creator friendly.
They always side with bots.
And I don't know how I feel about that.
I don't, I don't love that.
And also like, yeah, the DMCA process too and copyright claims is just absolutely stupid.
It's like you get claimed by somebody, you dispute the claim and instead of a third party
looking at it, it's, it's up to the person that filed the claim to decide, Hey, you know,
do I still think that the claim is fair?
And I mean, if it's done in bad faith, I mean, you're really the only way you could possibly,
you know, do anything about it is to, you know, file another claim or like a final counterclaim
or something like that and take them to court.
I don't know.
It's very risky.
And a lot of these companies will throw around their, their weight as a big company, Activision,
for example, where they will, you know, copyright claim videos talking about, you know, the
new call of duty and leaking information about it.
Sorry that you don't like the information being leaked about your game, but it's not
game footage.
So you can, you know, what can you do?
You can go fix your own problems within your company and stop taking up your lead.
It's like, what are they going to do?
I mean, you could fight them in court, but it's like their Activision with billions of
dollars and legal teams and you're Joe, nobody.
So what are you gonna do?
All right, let's go to our chat room because of course I do want to get you guys and your
thoughts here on the show as well.
So over twitch.tv slash vog network, Bobby Blackwell says, let's all go to mixer.
You know, I think that I get that that comment has said tongue firmly planted in cheek, but
it also goes to show that any of these platforms where anybody is making a significant amount
of monetization could go away at any time.
And I think of our friends over at black compat who used to have a show at vog network years
ago called the electric sisterhood.
If you're not following their, their new rebrand here on twitch black compat, I urge you to
because they're fabulous.
But my point is they were on mixer and they built up on mixer.
And I think Bobby, correct me if I'm wrong, I think they were mixer partner or whatever the
equivalent is over there, because I know like they are very in like with Microsoft and
Xbox. And I think at least one of them is an Xbox, Xbox VIP, if not both.
So, you know, I know there's a lot of love there.
So them being a mixer made a lot of sense.
And then one day mixer shut down.
And so they've had to rebuild over here on Twitch, which, you know, they've done a great
job, but it still sucks to have to build that up.
Thank you. Bobby says they were and only one is an MVP.
So sorry, I just I couldn't remember the terms and all that stuff.
But yes, I knew they were very engaged with the Xbox ecosystem.
So but yeah, I mean, you can all go away one day.
There's also just in Twitch in particular, this happened to one of my newer friends,
Fitness to Cosplay, I don't know if you've ever caught their channel.
That's a Twitter account that follows me.
I feel like I've seen that name before.
Yeah, really, really, really sweet person.
But at any rate, in trying to remove the the bots and all of the the, you know, various
raiders and things, they lost all of their followers.
They accidentally banned everybody.
Yeah, I've I've heard of this elsewhere, too.
Yeah. Yeah.
So but it's they're not the only one that this has happened to either.
I'm just going to throw that out there, too.
So this goes.
Broader than the consequence, I'd say the aftermath of it has been deeper.
So anyway, you know, I I'm participating, but I also am not actively participating on
September 1st, I'd love to create content on that day elsewhere, do like a stream in a
private discord or something, but unfortunately, I had already made plans for that day
and that's the day everybody decided.
So but I'm actively participating in spirit and I look forward to Twitch giving some more
details, maybe on that day as to what they're going to do about this and be, you know, a
little more than just we're listening, we're doing and just vague trees of some more
specifics. Honestly, I'm looking forward to that.
And my thoughts are with those folks that keep getting attacked with this bullshit.
Like it's just it's it's so stupid.
Like I just what is the point?
I don't even know what the I get, but I guess it's for the lols, as they say in some of the
darker parts of the Internet.
It's just silly. Nobody's laughing.
All right. Anyhow, let's let's go back to a little bit more pleasant of a topic and talk
about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
And how is your gaming week?
So Darsakura, we'll go to you.
How is your gaming week?
Um, I, I played Dead by Daylight, Fantasian Part Two came out, so I played that on
Tuesday, but my game froze.
So I guess maybe there's some bugs to work out.
But I lost my entire first battle, which was a long and fucking annoying battle.
So I will be, I guess, starting it over again on this upcoming Tuesday.
We are starting over.
Uh, I have made a new character on Final Fantasy 14 on Midgar Samara, so still on
Aether.
I wanted to go on Gilgamesh, but there's no room.
So now I have three characters on the same server.
Go fig.
Um, I'm going to start off with a Thaumaturge this time.
A Dertmaturge?
A Dertmaturge.
Yeah, I'm playing a cat girl.
Um, and then, um, of course with Dead by Daylight, it, it took some money from me
because, and, um, I actually had wanted to put this in as a story, so I'll just go
ahead and say it now.
Um, the Dead by Daylight DLC is going away as, I'm not Dead by Daylight, but the
Stranger Things DLC is going away as of November 17th, 2021.
Dead by Daylight's closing finally.
Yay.
Good riddance.
I'm just kidding, I'm kidding.
I don't, I've met too many people.
And I think this is also coinciding with chapter 21, which is the Hellraiser
channel or channel chapter.
Um, and those pinhead mechanics.
Oh my God.
I've been watching people play.
I can't do the PTB on Stadia.
We got into it a little bit on last week's show, but we didn't have the
confirmation yet.
We just had that teaser video that made it very clear.
Pretty much.
Yeah, pretty much.
But, um, yeah, now that we've gotten to see, I can't believe we didn't put it on
show world, but okay.
Um, now that we got to see it, I must've known you'd bring it up.
Uh, now that we got to see it on Tuesday on the PTB, yeah, it looks
like a really fun mechanic.
We'll go back into that in just a second, but let me finish this point.
Um, and I actually have been for anyone who had this DLC on their wishlist.
I have been gifting it to people on Steam.
Um, but the, what this is going to do is it's going to remove the ability to buy
the characters of Demogorgon, Steve or Stoven, as we also call him, uh, and
broccoli, Nancy, I'm sorry, Nancy, um, in Dead by Daylight and the Hawkins level.
Now the Hawkins, uh, laboratory map is going to be completely removed.
It's going to be gone.
Bye-bye Hawkins.
Um, because technically nobody paid for that.
You can, you can play a match on Hawkins without buying a single
piece of Stranger Things DLC.
You're not paying for that technically.
Yeah, but, um, the characters are staying in the game.
Um, but right now, um, all of the characters themselves are available
at 50% off until November 17th.
Um, and all of their cosmetics are 50% off.
So, yeah, I, I bought everybody's cosmetics.
I don't play survivor, but now I can play broccoli and Nancy if I wanted to.
You know what broccoli Nancy is, right?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
With the, with the particular hair with that hair.
Um, so, so yeah.
Um, and I actually got, sorry, just quickly on the stranger things
before we get off of that topic.
What is interesting about that is that, um, the stranger things three RPG game is
also coming off game pass on September 1st.
So yeah, it's a big license loss.
Yeah.
There's there's Netflix is doing something with the license and what a lot of people
are forecasting that something is ties into a story that came up a couple of
weeks ago on the show about how Netflix is getting into gaming on their own and
doing their own thing.
So the stranger things license would do a lot for their own type of
game and whatever they're doing.
I still don't understand why they had to pull it from dead by daylight.
Cause it's not like, you know, it's not like,
I know why they pulled it because, um, and it's exactly what behavior said.
The license ran out.
And so they didn't, but it isn't, you would think that the Halloween license
ran out by now, but they renew it, you know, so well, but Halloween also
doesn't have any other games except for a pinball table coming out.
True.
Um, and I can certainly see Netflix wanting to do some sort of brand
protection.
They want people to think when they think of a stranger things, video game,
anything having to do with the video game, they want to think of theirs.
It's controlling the market.
That's all it is.
It's controlling perception.
It's advertising end of story.
And there's probably things Netflix doesn't care for about Freddy getting to
put Steve on a hook and that the, the sort of, even though that's the things
the horror fans love and the fans of the game love is that it is all these, you
know, and, and I love the way you've described it, the characters aren't
leaving the game, but I was saying, I love the way you've described this on the
show before, and I use this with other people too, is that it's the, it's the
Marvel cinematic universe of horror and dead by daylight.
Um, and, um, it's, I call it the multiverse, the multiverse, whatever,
but yeah, which is actually the term because the Marvel cinematic universe
is part of the Marvel multiverse.
Got it.
So, and even like in the lore, if you read the observer's, uh, personal logs,
he talks about visiting various versions of Terra as he's calling earth.
And how the entity pulls from multiple realities and crap like that.
So, yeah, so it is a multiversal game at its core.
But, um, now I got into a talk.
I actually got to talk to one of my favorite, uh, YouTube folks, um,
luminous, who does those, uh, 3d, uh, dead by daylight parodies.
You know, the one where Meg has the weird voice.
No, I don't, I don't really watch these.
They're hilarious.
They're absolutely hilarious.
I'll link their, I'll link their channel in here, but we were talking a little
bit about, um, you know, I was like, I wonder if they're just going to reskin
the Hawkins map and maybe make it into the labyrinth and they were like, no,
it wouldn't be right if they did that.
And they probably wouldn't because something about asset usage or whatever.
Um, and I kind of now agree with that sentiment that I hope
that it doesn't happen.
You know, I want Hawkins to stay dead because I'm a killer main.
Um, and I would like to see them do maybe a new map to replace it based
off of the labyrinth and how razor, and I kind of see them doing something
like that, we haven't heard if the DLC is just the hell priest.
It probably is, you know, in the, in the, it better be cheap as
fuck if it's one character.
Yeah, it's, it'll probably be like, you know, I guess like how Bubba was.
Um, I saw an excellent, um, kind of proof of concept or whatever about
turning that Hawkins map into a recording studio for the tricksters lore.
Yeah.
Uh, and I really liked that because like all those little rooms upstairs
make a lot of sense.
The big lab could turn into like a padded wall type of studio.
You know, obviously it would take a lot of work, but I thought that
was a pretty clever rework.
Yeah.
The upstairs was all like offices.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But, but, you know, still make it make a lot of sense.
Yeah.
But I, but I agree.
I agree with, uh, luminous that, um, I don't think that it's going to be
reskinned and I think it might have to do something with asset ownage ownership,
but it could be that they might rework the general layout of it.
Like the bare bones of it into something else.
I mean, I would love for trickster to have, have his own map, you know,
trickster and Eugene to have their own map.
I would love to have the hell labyrinth.
We were also talking that it would be cool to have like DLC based off of like.
The classic vampire monster, because I mean, that's public domain.
You don't need the license like nose for not to, or, or Stoker license,
you know, cause I want to, I want a vampire killer.
Well, I was saying I would love to have just Castlevania.
They can tap on Konami again.
Oh, heck yeah.
But it wouldn't make sense to have your vampire killer with
no power to kill a vampire.
So, eh, but, um, but I was thinking.
It would be interesting to have, like, you have the classic vampire,
but they have the skin that's the Nosferatu style, you know, and then
they have like a, like maybe a Van Helsing, uh, or another vampire
hunter, like descendant who might not actually be a hunter, be the person
as a survivor and that we have like this Gothic castle, you know, cause
we gotta be down with our, our gothiness.
I'm tired of goth Kate.
Enya's castle and all her cats.
No, no, but like there's a lamentable lack of goth.
I mean, there is Kate's little goth outfit, which is kind of, and then
there's, uh, Jeff, uh, in his aging death metal guar fan boy outfit.
Or, or stay with me here.
Picture this.
Sicily works.
Nine, 16, 20.
And we have, and we have vampires that are running around and they're sparkling.
It's the skin of a killer Bella.
Okay.
My wife has been watching the, the, the Twilight series again.
And it's just so stupid.
I don't, I don't give a fuck if Twilight DLC came out, I
would buy it in a heartbeat.
I would buy it in a heartbeat.
It would be so stupid and awesome.
Anyway.
But yeah, but going, going back to all of that.
Yeah, I got all of the cosmetics and everything for, for stove and Nancy.
I even have that terrible Jonathan Byers skin, which we will, he will
never get the Quint, the Quentin facelift, sad face, the Quentin facelift, by the way.
Looks great.
I'm ace and woof.
And David has more chest hair now.
And I'm gay as hell and woof.
To this day, they nerfed the booty on pyramid head.
Just saying.
That was so funny.
That was a naturalist moment.
And you know, I can't call him pee head.
We can't really call him pee pee head anymore because there's
another pee pee head now cause pinhead.
Oh yeah.
Anyway, enough dead by daylight.
Oh, and I tried to get mass effect to run, um, through steam link.
Um, which is funny.
I actually got Gary's mod to run, um, through steam link because, uh, it's
32 bit on Mac, so it won't run.
Um, but I did steam link through my, uh, windows 10 arm through parallels.
And, um, I also got, um, source filmmaker to run.
I'm going to be playing around with that on a project.
And, um, I, I played around in a little hot to full boyfriend.
Excellent.
So I actually did have a gaming week.
I've been sick as balls, but I did get some fun stuff done.
Sometimes that's when I'm able to get my gaming in is when I I'm sick
and I can't really do anything.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Who's who's got Nick related to in.
From Debbie delight.
Um, no Gottmik the drag queen.
I'm looking at, let's see a Tabiri said he had in Gottmik had that pinhead.
Look at the finale.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah.
Okay.
So anyway, man, I love Gottmik.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, so it was mostly Minecraft.
I've been playing a lot of that and working on things.
Still haven't put out a video yet.
Been way behind stuff took longer as usual.
Um, and also your honor.
Yeah.
So like I wanted to, like, I had content that I filmed earlier in the week and
then it just wouldn't work with the order of which I wanted to do things.
So I have to refilm all of it.
I was going to do that last night.
And then the cat decided that she wants to sit here and
scream at me the entire time.
She has like a sixth sense, even though she can't hear of when I'm
about to record something and just sits there just screaming and screaming.
So yeah, that's fine.
But I actually did play another game this week.
Yes.
So there was a demo that came out for WarioWare get it together.
And so I did check that out on the switch because I do
like me some WarioWare games.
And it's all right.
I guess the games are fun.
Um, the, the thing this time is, you know, they have the co-op, they have different
characters, which control differently.
So it can make it a little bit of a challenge when you're playing like a
certain micro game as one character versus another.
So it's a little bit different.
It's not just like, um, you know, having to do the same
motions over and over again.
Um, so you have to figure out kind of how to do the same
thing with different characters.
So that's kind of cool, but like at the same time, some of the characters
are really annoying that I didn't really like them, but they'll probably
check it out when it comes out.
But it seemed a lot harder to me because of that mechanic they had in there.
Okay.
But I totally forgot that came out.
I have to try it.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's all right.
I mean, it's pretty good.
Um, as you play it more, you unlock more characters and stuff like
that and get to check those out.
Um, sounds like a pretty robust demo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So definitely check that out.
And the game comes out like 10th or 10th.
So I'll, I'll probably pick it up anyways.
Um, I don't know.
Nice.
Yeah.
Nice.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
Uh, then we'll talk a little bit about my gaming week.
First off, I want to make sure I plug, uh, the, the shirt that I'm wearing.
I'm sorry, podcast folks.
You can't see the shirt, but I am actually tonight on Twitch wearing,
uh, one of our new newer shirts in the, I shouldn't say new.
It's been there a couple of months, but newer shirts in the store.
Uh, the orange lounge radio shirt that is Sega inspired.
The dark Sakura put together.
So, um, I have this and I bought also the, um, the new VOG network logo, or I
shouldn't say new cause it's not going to replace this, but like that, that
eighties esque, uh, the jet set radio looking, I'm going to call it that the
jet set radio looking VOG network logo.
I got that too.
And both I, I got to wear to dragon con.
If you want to check out the shirt, um, all you have to do is head over to
our store of vognetwork.com slash shop.
Um, As far as my gaming week, um, thank you for linking that in chat, by the
way, uh, and pixel pocket says I have the Sega styled OLR shirt as a tank.
Oh, that's awesome.
I wish I had the body for a tank top, but I don't, uh, maybe someday.
Um, so you know what?
Everybody has a body for a tank.
Yes.
Yes.
That's true.
I shouldn't, but you know, I, I, I just prefer to have my
sleeves covered with this one.
I like the baseball Jersey.
Anyway, you don't get a lot of like baseball Jersey custom shirts.
So I kind of like the streamlabs apps that, um, Anyway, my game of the week,
I totally forgot about the warrior wear demo.
I forgot the Diablo to have that open beta and y'all know, I love Diablo.
Now granted all the other stuff that's been going on.
Maybe that's why it's been kind of out of my head, but I didn't even think
to try it, which by the way, just a reminder, uh, the blizzard employees
have still not been responded to on their, uh, call of action, what
they are looking at from, uh, their bosses and their, uh, higher ups.
Just, just a reminder that still is not resolved.
And I will be mentioning that every week here on this program.
Uh, as I remember to, um, until it is resolved actually, um, As far as other
games I've been playing this week, um, I was continuing on in Hades.
Uh, I actually finally beat Hades, so I got the boss down, but here's the thing.
Once you beat Hades, the game has just begun because there is, there's
much more behind the curve, but I love that game.
It's so good.
Um, but it is, you know, the thing that gets really frustrating about
it is that even though, yes, the builds are really cool, how like you kind
of have to make new ones every time.
I really wish there was something that would let me rerun a particular build.
I just had like a, like a limited use item or something.
It would just be, it'd just be really nice, uh, to be able to do that.
Um, but I still love Hades.
Also been playing Final Fantasy 14 by daylight.
Um, not a lot of new stuff, although I did play a little bit of Haven, which
was a game that was on Xbox game pass.
Um, and that was a very stylish kind of game.
I was doing that just to get an achievement for one of the,
um, uh, little Xbox reward things.
Um, and then I was also trying to do it in grounded.
I actually probably played a little bit more grounded, you know, that game.
That's basically honey.
I shrunk the kids, the game, but they can't call it that.
Um, where you actually play as kids that are in the back.
I didn't realize it was such a crafting heavy game.
Like it almost feels a bit Minecrafty to me.
Like what that game is all about.
So, um, it was neat though.
Um, I enjoyed what I was playing that, but unfortunately, um, it was, um.
It was really hard to get the achievements in that game.
They, they didn't really have any gimmies off the bat.
So, uh, yeah, I had to, I had to just do something.
It was going to be a little bit easier and then yes.
Um, SSU 100 Mountain Chat says, I keep getting distracted.
Quake came out this week and I had to play that.
Bobby Buckle says, I got to play Diablo two, but quake just came out.
I mean, what is this 1999?
Yeah.
Um, I also played a lot of that quake remaster.
I'll, I'll sit on my thoughts until we get to that story later in the show.
Cause I know it's coming up, but I did spend a bit of time on that
Quaker master and I will say.
If you got quake for free when Bethesda net was giving it away.
Do you remember that?
It was about, um, probably about, or was it even last year's quake con?
It might've been a year now.
It might've been last year's quake con.
They were giving away quake one, two, and three for free.
If you pick that up, guess what?
You got a free upgrade.
So, uh, I hope you all pick that up cause, uh, it was
definitely worth it this week.
Um, also really quickly, before we get into gaming news, I do want to
talk about dragon con a little bit.
So I'm going to be going to, um, dragon con on, uh, September.
I would say September 1st, but that's the day I fly out there.
The con itself starts the second and then runs through labor day.
Yes.
It's going to be a weird year.
Yes.
The Delta variant is very real and all this stuff.
Um, but I'm very happy that dragon con is taking a lot of precautions with it.
So masking is going to be mandatory, of course.
And they just announced this week.
You have to, they, they will be checking for vaccination or recent, like, uh, COVID
tests that is not like an over the cat.
There's very all sorts of parameters with it.
So basically, um, confirmation that you really don't have COVID.
Um, so I'm very happy for that.
So, uh, it's going to be half the attendance though.
Um, so I understand there's probably a lot of people who might sit
out this year and that's fine.
But if you are going to go.
I can finally tell you about the panels I'm going to be on.
I said, I wasn't going to announce them until they were in the Apple.
Guess what?
The app came out this week and all of my panels are in there.
So I'm going to quickly tell you what I'm doing at dragon con.
And I will also tell you which ones are streaming live.
Um, because for those that don't want to go, um, because of everything going
on in the world, um, you can still catch a lot of them live.
So, uh, first panel Friday, 1130 AM, these are all Eastern time video
didn't kill the radio star tips for doing an audio podcast on video
that will be streaming live.
Um, that's a panel Bobby and I pitched a couple of years ago that we've
done a few times now because we have this experience of taking this long
running audio show and moving it to Twitch.
And we kind of want to talk to other people that, um, are maybe looking
at doing something similar where they've been doing, uh, a lot of, uh,
audio stuff and they're going to make the move to video and we kind of
talk about some of the things we've learned from it and some of the
things we think are best practices.
Uh, yeah, and Bobby points out in chat, this is technically the VOG panel,
but we have guests on it.
It's not just Bobby and I, uh, I love this Friday at 1 PM on digital media.
This will also be streamed live.
I'm going to be on a panel called neighborhoods over numbers.
These are people that enjoy broadcasting because of the communities
and the people they meet and they don't care about numbers so much.
If ever there was a panel meant for me, and this wasn't even my pitch,
I don't think, was it Bobby?
I don't even remember which fucking panels we pitched.
I don't think we pitched this.
I think somebody else did.
And I was like, Oh, I wish I had thought of that.
I should be on that panel.
So, um, neighborhoods over numbers, that's Friday at one o'clock.
Um, then over on the gaming track Friday at two 30 head canons, welcome
how games create personalized stories.
And I thought, Oh gosh, I get into Loki and Jamie's head
cannon so much here on this program.
This would be a great panel for me to moderate.
So we're going to do a panel on head cannons and, uh, the personalized
stories you take away from the game.
And I think a lot of the recent dead by daylight combo is really going to
kind of help in that particular arena.
Um, the pros and cons about being on a network.
Uh, this is a very, they've done this on the digital media track.
A lot of times it's just about, should you network up with other
shows or, or, you know, other, um, you know, existing podcast networks or not.
So that'll be Friday at four o'clock.
I have a very, that's my fourth panel on Friday.
And, um, that's it.
I have four panels on Friday alone then on Sunday.
So I guess I have Saturday off.
I just realized I don't have a single panel on Saturday.
I really don't.
All right.
On Sunday, I have a panel called from inception to posting.
Let's get you published.
And this one is about, um, just the basic steps for how to
get your content out there.
So, um, I, I know a little bit about that, so we'll talk about that.
That is also going to be streaming live.
And then I have another panel called gender unlocked
character creation for everyone.
So that is Sunday at four o'clock where, uh, we'll talk about, uh, the character
creators with, uh, expanded gender expression and what games have done this
well and what games have missed the mark.
Now, Bobby, you're going to get a kick out of this.
Do you remember how you were saying you lost a panel?
I think I did too, because it's no longer in the app.
So unfortunately it looks like, ah, that's a bummer.
I was really looking forward to that one too, but unfortunately it's
no longer showing in the app.
So I guess I can't tell you about it.
Do you want to hear about it?
You want to know what the panel was?
I was really excited to do that.
Okay.
I'm gonna tell you.
So I was supposed to be doing, it's not, I maybe, maybe it's just.
Yeah.
May I, it's not there.
So I'm left to assume it is canceled at this point, but if it comes back,
I'll let you know, um, it was going to be a ZeniMax panel and it was the art of
ZeniMax, ZeniMax, of course, being the company behind, um, Skyrim, Fallout.
I was going to be one of the artists.
So I imagine that artist probably pulled out of the show, unfortunately.
But I get it.
It is what it is.
Uh, oh man.
I was looking forward to that one, but yeah, that was, that was probably
going to be my biggest, my biggest panel.
That's all right.
Yeah.
Too bad.
But I understand.
So, so Bobby, it wasn't just you that, uh, lost a panel.
It happens.
It happens.
All right.
Uh, but that's my lineup for, so six panels at Dragon Con that I'm going
to be doing, uh, but I'm really excited.
And you know, with these, uh, celebrities that are dropping out and things
changing around a little bit, I imagine there will be a panel that shows up
that I don't know about, so we'll, uh, get to that, uh, I'll let you know
as soon as I know more about that.
All right.
Uh, let's move on and get into some gaming news and stuff that's going
around on around the gaming world.
So Loki, we'll start with you.
Cause I know you're excited about this.
I am very excited.
So yes, us, the, uh, saints row, uh, social media team has been teasing
an announcement coming this week.
Um, so they put out a, just a, a piece of graffiti show and Waltz does
rebooting and basically saying that saints row is being rebooted.
Uh, we're going to find out about it.
Thanks to Jeff Keeley's opening night games, calm show, uh, which is going to
be coming out, I think Wednesday, if I remember correctly, Wednesday at 11 AM,
uh, Pacific time, 2 PM Eastern time, uh, August 25th, so definitely
going to be tuning into that.
I am super excited to see what's coming.
I don't care if it's garbage.
A little bit care that if it's garbage, I don't want it to be like, you know,
agents of mayhem garbage, but it's pretty hard to, you know, not
give me the buy that game day one.
Now that said, if it sucks, sure.
I'll complain about it, but I'm still going to buy it day one.
And I mean, so absolutely.
We'll be picking this up.
I picked up all the other ones.
Why not?
Um, so yeah, that, that is something that's coming and hopefully we get
some announcements of remasters as well.
I know three was remastered while ago.
Two was being kind of worked on by one person.
Um, I think it was the idle ninja still working on that.
Um, so I don't know if that's ever going to be remastered or, you know,
I think he was porting over stuff or like fixing some bugs and stuff.
Cause they finally got the source code back, but yeah, I I'm, I'm down.
I just hope it's as crazy as three, not as crazy as four, four little too goofy.
Also too derivative of like the goddamn matrix.
Like, yeah, I get it.
Matrix is cool and all, but like, do we really need to do matrix
references this late in the game?
Um, please don't.
So I am curious to see what they do with that.
Cause honestly, like, I don't know, the grand theft auto, like I just can't go
in the grand theft auto online anymore.
It's just like, not for me anymore.
I don't know what happened to that.
Serious.
Mike Defton chat says, I don't know.
What's more funny.
Loki's cam doing the thing it does, or Rob trying to contain his laughter.
I can't help it when Loki's camera does that camera one, camera two, camera one.
It's just really funny to me, especially because this is such a big story.
I know he's really excited about that.
His computer's just deciding to go, did you mean to use this camera instead?
It's like, we get the distance.
I think it's the software.
It's just this X split V cam software keeps switching it.
Like it loses connection to the, to the camera, which obviously it's.
It works all the other times when I'm doing stuff, but for some reason
it's like, yeah, can't do it.
I love that.
All right.
Whatever.
Anyway.
Uh, so what do you think it's going to be like a redoing of one of the games?
Or do you think it's like a reboot for the whole franchise in general?
So technically it could still be sort of in Canon because, so.
Get out of hell, which was the last Saints Row game that they put out, which
is basically just kind of taking the Saints Row three or four engine again,
and doing yet another game with that.
Again, it's basically the same sort of game play.
Oh yeah.
The hell had like three different endings that you could pick from.
One of them was like rebooting the whole franchise.
Like one of them actually had them as cops, which is weird, but, um,
hold up, hold up, hold up.
So they had an ending where you chose basically one of three paths and that
would like, so it's a rift on mass effect.
I think.
Yes.
Okay.
They're not fully the, the later games weren't full of original ideas.
Unfortunately, um, no, that's like some of the other games were like, they
started off like Saints Row was kind of like, I don't know if it was
trying to take itself seriously.
The first one took itself somewhat seriously and they did
like some goofy stuff in there.
Um, but still we're going for like a grand theft auto vibe, which is totally fine.
The two went a little bit more crazy and then they kind of did
their own unique things with it.
Like for example, they had like some mini games that were kind of unique,
like septic Avenger, where you sprayed poop on things that was hilarious.
Um, like the, the, uh, insurance fraud is always fun, you know, jumping
in front of cars, ragdolling and stuff like that, like that, that's fun.
And they even have like some fun, unique multiplayer, uh,
components to the game as well.
It was like the first game to have co-op gameplay throughout the storyline.
Like you couldn't do that in grand theft auto four, you could play the whole
storyline co-op and that's pretty awesome.
Um, it also supported system link, which back in the day, like when you're doing
land stuff, like that was absolutely fantastic grand theft auto four didn't
support that and you can't even play through the storyline co-op now in
grand theft auto five, I mean, granted now they have their own storyline and,
and grand theft auto online, but like you, it's still not something you could have
done and then three and four just kind of regurgitated the same stuff over and
over again, like they just basically took the same missions, didn't even really like
kind of get creative with the mini games so much, it was just like kind of, Ooh,
we're ripping off Tron now.
Ooh, we're ripping off the matrix.
Ooh, we're ripping off mass effect.
Like you could do a little bit, some nods and stuff and make it funny, but like,
come on, like, I don't know, you can do way better than that.
And so it just felt like kind of a rush job with some of these things.
And I know that saints are a four wasn't supposed to be like the way it is.
They had like the whole dominatrix thing.
And then I think they even did like deleted like DLCs type stuff with it as
well, but it was kind of a mess to be, to be honest, but like, I am very curious
to see what a modern day saints road would look like in a modern day engine
on next gen, you know, current gen.
Um, systems and stuff.
I really want to see what it looks like.
Cause it's been a long time since we had a saints road game.
It has been a little bit of the remasters.
Yeah.
Been a very long time.
So, um, I'm very excited.
Yeah.
I, I really can't wait.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
I just, just think next episode of OLR, we have a new saints road
game to talk about Loki.
So we'll get all the details of games com be good.
Especially if they do like a trailer in the trailer.
Oh God.
I hope they do a really good trailer for it.
Like they do a three with like a power in the background.
Oh, just chef's kiss.
Like perfect.
That was great.
And even the mission that was perfect.
Like, so saints road three gets so much stuff, right?
But then they just like, there's also a lot of stuff that they get wrong with that.
And I look, let's focus on what they do.
Right.
Let's let's go that way.
All right.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about another series that gets people really amped up.
That's Pokemon.
Pokemon had a, a kind of a special little direct of their own this week.
And we got some updates on brilliant diamond and shining Pearl.
We got to see a little bit more of what those games look like.
In fact, we also learned a little bit more about the grand underground.
So it almost sounds like there's kind of like a, it kind of since things
that sound a little bit like the wild area from the newer Pokemon games, but
kind of like this underground area in these games, that could be very interesting.
Also the super contest will come back as super contest shows and you can
socialize with other trainers in the union room and you get to
personalize your capsule decoration.
So.
Some of the features that'll be coming to that game.
Also Pokemon home compatibility, which isn't surprising, but that'll come in 2022.
Also a very special Nintendo switch light, Dialga and Palkia.
Those special editions will be coming on Friday, November 5th.
And yes, I saw that as Mike Deaf points out in chat, Pokemon contests equal
Pokemon rhythm game.
Yeah.
That's, uh, that's what I've, uh, I've heard.
Um, so I'm interested in that and checking that out.
I'm actually, I feel like I'm more excited about these than Shane is.
Cause I don't think Shane's a huge fan of gen four, uh, and he wasn't
really big on the reboot, uh, the early stuff, I think he was a little
more on board with the, uh, that was the impression I got from him after
this direct, but I'm like, yeah, I'm, I'm gonna play it.
I'm gonna buy these games, bring them on.
Uh, now a game that I know Shane is very excited about, and I'm excited
about this one too, is Pokemon Legends Arceus, uh, and this is one where
it's also in the Sinnoh region, but it's way in the past, it's not
connected directly to any of the games.
Uh, and it has that mixed starter base, right?
Where you can, uh, be Rowlet, Cyndaquil or Oshawott, uh, which is
kind of neat that it mixes up the gens.
And we found out in this presentation, there are kind of some new Pokemon
in like that whole, you know how they do, like, there were Alolan
Pokemon and Galar Pokemon.
Well, now there's going to be, um, Suian.
Uh, so like Braver, Bravery, Braviary, uh, has one.
Growlithe has a very unique looking one too.
So there's going to be some newish Pokemon in this as well.
And then the other big announcement, uh, during the, uh, Pokemon direct
was that Pokemon Unite will come out.
Their MOBA will come out on mobile phones September 22nd.
So enjoy that.
And, uh, I guess there's some other little things too, if you want to
talk about Pokemon Go and how weird it is that Gen 8 Pokemon are suddenly
in the game when we did, we just skipped Gen 7 and went right to Gen 8.
Um, okay.
So, but not the starters, not the starters.
I guess, I guess it's not legit until the starters are there, but, uh, still,
it's still a little weird in that game right now, but okay.
Um, but there you go.
That was the Pokemon announcements.
So, uh, going to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog and network, um, E3 VL and
chat says disappointed it's the light edition and not regular switch or switch.
Oh, led.
Oh, good observation that it's not the switch.
Oh, led.
I didn't even think of that, but yeah.
So it's going to be a little bit of the older ones.
So that's, um, that's too bad.
All right.
Speaking of the switch, I was going to say like our switch is having issues now.
My, my doc, my, I had it, so I bought two docs.
I had a doc that came with it.
I bought another doc cause they originally I was playing on the switch
near my PC to stream from it or whatever to like do gameplay capture.
So I want a doc for that.
So I had a spare just sitting around.
So the first doc stopped charging the switch.
I put the second doc down.
Now it's starting to like the power light, certain of flash on it too.
So it's dying as well.
It's like, I don't know what it is when Nintendo hardware, at least
in this, the switch generation, but it's not to the standard that previous
generations have been, that's for sure.
Mine spin just normal.
I don't have that problem.
That's weird.
But I always, my switch is also also almost always sitting in that doc.
So interesting.
Yeah.
Me going to dragon con will be the first time in a while that that thing
is out of the doc for like a week.
So it's interesting.
All right.
Well, moving on, keep mine docs all the time.
So I, I, yeah, I'd say like 99% of the time my, uh, switch is docked.
So I'm, I'm kind of shocked to hear that this is something that can happen.
I can't imagine what would, what would happen if the doc stopped working?
I'd be so mad.
All right.
Uh, moving on dark soccer, you have something for us.
I do.
And by the way, I forgot to mention something about this wig.
This is for my Legion cosplay.
Oh, random.
Okay.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
I'm going to be doing, uh, one of the Julie cosmetics.
So I've got the white mask on order and you know, anyway, so yeah, neat preview.
Anyway.
Um, uh, I, I almost hate saying the company's name because it just
leaves this bad taste in my mouth.
It's it's, uh, but Activision is going to be omitting its logo from, uh, well,
actually it already did it.
It left their logo out of a call of duty trailer and said it was a creative choice.
And I mean, it's almost a, a full omission of any reference to
Activision as being any part of it.
Um, it said it opened with call of duty presents instead of Activision presents.
No logo, nothing.
Um, the only mention of Activision is this is in the small print
that, but this actually legally required.
So, um, it also omitted its logo from the call of duty Vanguard pre-order page.
Um, and there was a request for comment that was put forward and all they
said was that it was a creative choice.
But I mean, really, we know what this shit's about.
We know exactly what this shit is about.
They're in the, trying to distance from the, uh, uh, stuff
that's in the media right now.
And you know what?
It's not going to work.
Everyone knows that Activision is behind call of duty.
Every Activision studio, literally every Activision
studio is behind call of duty.
Exactly.
So, I mean, they made their bed time to light.
Um, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says most casuals don't, well, we're here to educate.
Did you know Activision makes call of duty and it's that same company
that's all in the news right now.
So, all right.
Uh, let's move on to another big game doing interesting things.
Loki.
I don't know.
I don't think you're giving people enough credit, you know?
All right.
Loki.
Yeah.
So Epic Games is a big game.
Loki.
Yeah.
So Epic Games has announced their totally original brand new, um, game mode that's
coming to the Fortnite called imposters.
Uh, it's a 10 player, uh, mode where you, I know this is going
to sound completely unique.
Um, you are trying to attempt who is trying to sabotage your
team and vote the imposters out.
Yeah, they ripped off, uh, among us.
Well, what about those who would say that among us wasn't technically
exactly an original idea, but I would, I would say it kind of goes back.
Like, I almost feel like the thing that among us is based on is basically
public domain at this point.
Like it's one of those things where the, and I, I completely understand
there are technically like books and card decks and stuff for the
werewolf game, the mafia game.
But the fact that like, there are so many variations of this same, you know, imposter
vote them out type of game, um, I think just goes to show that, that, you know,
that format is everywhere in many, many different forms, but I think the way
that Epic has kind of implemented this.
A lot of people are noting is, is pretty shameless.
Like it is, it's, it's much more adjacent to among us than a simple imposter
clone game ought to be, if that makes sense.
It's very, it's very much like a quick kind of copy, you know, copy paste of it.
Sure.
It's in the, you know, aesthetics of, you know, Fortnite, but like, I mean,
even like look at Fortnite, Fortnite's derivative as well of like, you know,
the battle royale games, you know, basically just totally looked like,
you know, player unknown was doing.
Um, I don't know.
Like, I think it's just really, really shitty.
I'm considering that, you know, the one, of course, everyone wanted to know, well,
what do the developers of among us think?
And they basically said, listen, we didn't patent the mechanic.
Um, they don't think it leads to a healthy game industry.
Is it really hard to put 10% more effort into putting your own spin on it though?
So like,
So they didn't say we think it's shit, but they kind of alluded to it.
Well, I'm sorry.
This, this is somebody else coming in on, so Innersloth, yeah, they basically said,
you know, that they, you know, patent to those mechanics, but like, yeah,
there's other people.
Um, yeah, so basically that was a comment by the Marcus Bromander,
who was the co-founder of Innersloth.
Um, but yeah, I agree.
I think it is kind of dumb.
Also the map that they have in the game is very similar to the among us,
like the standard map in among us as well.
So it's like, come on you guys.
Like, can you make it a little less like that?
I mean, you're a big company.
It's like, can't you be satisfied with the money that you're making as it is with Fortnite?
Do you really need to go start knocking off other games?
Well, I guess they're kind of a little late to the party.
I feel like, I feel like among us kind of already peaked and no disrespect to those
developers who've had huge success and you know, all the deserved awards and recognition
stuff, but I also kind of feel like among us in pop culture kind of already peaked.
So I kind of feel like Epic is late to the party with this.
And quite frankly, they deserve it.
I just don't think it's going to take off, honestly.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, I don't think it's going to take off very well.
I think people will see it for what it is.
Yeah, um, no, Ariana Grande was much more impactful to Epic than this will be.
Yeah, I think that that's something more interesting.
That's something unique that they're doing.
Yeah, but it's like, oh, hey, we're going to rip off, you know, someone's game mode or whatever.
That's fine.
You can you can do like the whole thing, because like hell, I mean, even when we were playing like
Q's are laser tag and stuff, they had a mode called spy that you had to figure out, you know,
who was the spy didn't vote anybody out or anything like that.
But it's it's similar to that.
They could have taken like the espionage type of thing and done something unique with it.
But instead, what they do, they just, hey, let's copy it among us and let's let's make it as
let's make it legally distinct.
Basically, as as as little as we need to do to make it distinct from among us, but keep it as close as possible.
I mean, let's let's have them.
Why not?
Hey, you know, why not at this point, let's just have them rip off like, you know, other games as well.
Where's our fall guys?
You know, where's the obstacle course things for, you know, Fortnite?
Why not?
Let's jump on that bandwagon to going to chat E3 VL and chat says it's like fappy birds.
I think you meant to say flappy birds, but we'll go with it.
Where is the fappy bird mode in Fortnite?
I think it's a good question.
I guess I guess that kind of came and went.
SSU 100 Matt in chat says the among us team is kind of that little engine that did.
And this stings a little more that a big company is copying them.
Also, the among us team is cute and super humble.
Yeah. And I think that's exactly that.
I think that's why a lot of people are coming to the table kind of basically going like, yo, fuck Epic in this story, especially when, you know, Tim Sweeney tries and fails time and time again to bring this BDE to the table that he just doesn't have, you know, when it comes to.
But Epic's the little guy taking on these other companies and it's like, you it almost kind of like, really, it really looks bad in the scope of like him trying to do that parody ad with Big Brother and all that stuff about we're taking on the big mean companies when it's like, the fuck are you doing to Inner Sloth right now, Tim Sweeney and company?
Like, I think that's why there's a lot of people in this scenario that it's like, it's very transparent what Epic is doing.
It's very shitty and fuck them with something hard and sandpapery, like, especially Tim Sweeney.
I loved ZZT, but, um, you know what?
That was a long time ago.
It was a long, long time ago.
You were a different person.
I was a different person.
You've changed.
Uh, what's that?
I said, oh, Rob.
Oh, me.
Uh, E3VL says Sony tried to copy Smash.
Didn't turn out that well.
Actually, some people really defend the shit out of that game.
And I get it.
I do.
Um, Tiger Claw in chat says, if you want a good game, you might as well copy from the best.
Am I right?
Um, that isn't instantly going to make it good though.
I mean, I get where your like tongue and cheek comment comes from, but like that isn't going to make it good.
But when games are a little bit derivative, um, some, and kind of do their own thing with it and bring new things to the table, I think they do very well.
For example, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do something real close to home for Tiger Claw because I know where his fandoms lie.
So let's talk about the Ninja Turtle arcade game by, by Konami.
Now that game is an excellent game.
Don't get me wrong.
And why is that an excellent game?
Because it took something like what you would see in a game like Final Fight by Capcom, which was huge in the genre at the time.
But Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles did its own thing.
And it was that whole fact that you had the four characters that were all very distinctive.
And who remembers when you were knocking shit at the screen and how like the, the enemies would hit the screen and there was like the item use it.
But let's be real.
The format is very similar to Final Fight and other games before it.
I mean, Golden Axe, if you want, it was kind of a very similar type of thing.
So sometimes you take a template from the best, but you improve on it in your own way.
And that's why something like that is successful and where Fortnite could have been maybe a little more successful.
But again, I think they kind of they kind of they kind of hit the genre after it after it passed.
Yeah. Yeah.
Tiger Claw brings up, to be fair, Final Fight wouldn't have been around if it wasn't for Double Dragon.
You're you know what? You're right on that.
I just happen to think of Final Fight first.
But you're right. Double Dragon did it before.
But there were, you know, was was Golden Axe before Double Dragon?
I can't remember.
But I know that that fighting genre has has evolved quite a ways, you know, over the years.
So Double Dragon was eighty seven.
OK, that probably was the first one then, because I think Golden Axe was eighty eight or eighty.
I could be wrong, though. Golden Axe was eighty nine.
Oh, wow. OK.
As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, we'll see how this Nickelodeon smash like fighting game goes.
Folks are hyped about it, even though it's a copy of Smash with their IPs.
Well, the the question is, will they do something different with it beyond just the characters?
Obviously, will they be able to do something different with it?
And will Lori Beth Denberg be playable?
Yes or no? She better be the announcer, if nothing like if Lori Beth Denberg is not the announcer of this game, I reject it.
Anyway, or or what was her name on guts?
The referee, she had like a Moira Moira.
That's it. She had like a New Zealand accent.
Yes, Moira Moira could also be the announcer.
And I didn't think she was from New Zealand.
I think she was British.
I thought she had a maybe.
Oh, well, anyway, she was she definitely had an accent of some sort.
I remember that. So. All right.
Anyhow, let's Moira Quirk.
Where was she from? You got the Wiki up?
I'm looking. She's from London.
OK. All right. She's English.
You got me. All right.
DJ Rama S in chat says, have you been listening to Lori Beth's podcast?
No, I haven't. And you brought that up before and I need to get on that.
So I will correct that soon. My bad.
All right, moving on, let's talk about an interesting history making moment overseas.
The Nintendo Switch has swept Japan's game sales chart,
meaning every entry in the top five is from switch.
Actually, it's every entry in the top 10 is on this.
Actually, it's every entry in the top 30.
And that's where I'm going to end is a Nintendo switch up 30.
The top 30 games are all on the Nintendo Switch in Japan right now.
And that is up against the PlayStation five.
That is up against the Xbox, Xbox in Japan. Come on.
But that hasn't happened in 33 years.
The last time that supposedly happened, November 1988,
when the Famicom had the top 30 games.
Now, keep in mind, Japan is not the US.
So there are some differences.
I think it's interesting that Minecraft is the top game in Japan right now.
I mean, I get it, but it's it's interesting.
But other games in the list are things like Skyward Sword, Mario Kart eight,
Monster Hunter, Taiko no Tatsujin, Dragon Quest.
Those are all the types of games you're seeing in the top 30 in Japan right now.
Also, something that's been pointed out about Japan
is that they are really in the peak of the pandemic right now.
Whereas, you know, I think a lot of I mean, you know,
with Delta or whatever, some could argue we're in a peak of the pandemic.
But I think here in the US, you saw like peak pandemic culture shifts
in like March, April, May, when it was first happening last year.
And Japan's kind of going through that now.
So some are saying that that's why the switch possibly is seeing a resurgence
because of, you know, it's it's portability and, you know, all of that.
So I think it's interesting.
Also, I kind of just think with the PlayStation five
being, you know, somewhat the newer system,
but there's not a ton of games on it right now. Yes, there's some.
I can see where it's probably slipped out of the top 30 for the moment.
You know, because there's just not a new triple A title
to really sell in Japan right now. So.
Anyway, some comments in chat.
Mike Deft says Taiko should be top 30 in US as well.
Maybe someday. Maybe you got it.
You got to just buy a lot more copies.
Dartetsuya says, Oh, yeah, I hear Monster Hunter is huge over there.
Dragon Quest, probably even more so. Yes, to both those things.
Monster Quest and Dragon, Dragon, Dragon Hunter, Monster Quest, Dragon Hunter.
Sure, whatever. Those games are huge in Japan.
So. All right. Let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Whale. So
for fans of NetherRealm's fighting games,
of which there are many because let's face it, their fighting games are good.
But they're giving the priority to Mortal Combat 12 over Injustice three.
And it makes sense.
You know, Mortal Combat is the bigger name, I reckon, when it comes to.
To IPs. And it really would make sense to me that they would do that.
They know that it's going to make money, first of all,
and they know that they don't need
to focus on DC characters
when they've got their own entire roster of characters
that they can make the money off of. Right.
I find the whole thing to be an injustice, quite frankly,
because I like that fighting series. Really? Yes, really.
I would like to see an Injustice three, but I get it.
What is this all rooted in?
Was there a tweet or something?
Because some folks in chat are lighting up like, why did they confirm it in a
yeah, there was a
a giant bomb video
that gives a lot of hints to
another round focusing more on Mortal Combat 12.
And also, I don't know, it just seems likely anyway,
but I thought it was worth mentioning just because this also then might
give a little bit of credence to them working on the next games.
Johnny Woofay in our chat over at twitch.tv
slash VOG Network has some things to say, including even if the story is true,
you won't see a mainline Mortal Combat announced for at least four years.
NRS or NetherRealm Studios is an active development of a new title right now,
whatever that may be.
Going on to say 11 can be fun in small bursts,
but I got burned out really fast on it.
And something new, it would be exciting, too.
How about not a fighting game?
How about a game that's nothing but sassing each other in those intro scenes?
I mean, don't get me wrong, because honestly, that's why I care about it.
Don't get me wrong.
I love the fighting games that they produce,
but I think it might be really fun to see them do something else.
It's kind of like we need.
We need a spinoff that's called Text from Cassie Cage.
Johnny Woofay says The Grid, too.
Fuck, yeah. Why not?
Were you laughing or coughing or both?
I was coughing.
Yeah, so I'm interested to see whatever they come up with next.
I also can understand that they probably would not want to bring out
a Mortal Combat 12, certainly not this year or next probably next year, even.
But I don't know if I would say four years in my crystal ball.
I would say maybe 2023 for Mortal Combat 12,
because that'll be about the time that PlayStation 5 and Xbox
Series X are not seen as like new anymore.
They're going to be like the standard.
And so I think Mortal Combat 12 is probably going to build to that standard.
And certainly the graphics and all that stuff are going to push to that level.
And I think the frames you get out of it are going to be very powerful.
Here's here's the other problem coming out of it, too.
And now just between the two games
and just as hadn't had a release since 2017, and I think it's due.
But there's also the crap going on with AT&T
because AT&T owns WB Games that owns NetherRealm.
And AT&T put up its games division last year,
like had bids from EA take to Microsoft Blizzard.
There was no deal.
But, you know, that's a lot of properties to go with it.
So who knows if they're going to make another bid at it?
I don't know what we're going to see.
Well, time will tell.
So but until then, we get rumors and lines to read in between.
And it isn't just a Fleetwood Mac album. That's right.
All right. Moving on, Logie.
Yeah, so we've kind of talked a little bit about Epic Store
adding some other like apps and stuff to the store.
Remember, there was a whole thing with itch.io and that kind of thing.
Well, now they're actually adding self-publishing.
So you're going to be able to actually publish games onto the Epic Store
similar to how you can on the Steam platform.
Of course, with that, they don't want any pornography or illegal content,
hateful discriminatory stuff.
IP infringing things, you know, the normal type of thing.
But right now it is in beta.
I'm not sure what it's going to take to necessarily publish
something on the platform, but it is interesting to see them open that up,
especially when I think they were talking about how their platform
is going to be more curated over Steam.
But now it's going to be the same.
So the same yet with less features.
Have you guys been using the Epic Store at all?
Like, I even forget to go in there and claim my free game anymore.
I try to remember to claim my free games, but that's about it.
I claimed Yooka-Laylee.
Oh, I see. I think I missed that one.
Damn it. I think it's still on.
Is it? We have it on so many platforms.
Like I have it on I have it on Steam. I have it on Twitch.
Yeah, I think it's on Game Pass.
Yeah. And Game Pass.
Yeah, I mean, so it's like.
I don't know. It's no big deal.
I will say I didn't talk about it during my gaming week,
but I was still using the Xbox cloud as a way to kind of like sample games
without downloading them.
That's actually how I played Haven and just giving props to the Xbox cloud.
Like I enjoy it, just being able to pick up all these different games
and just play them.
And I imagine for Jamie, it's a very similar thing with Stadia
and the games that they include in their their bundle.
Like I've been very skeptical of cloud gaming, but I
I'm starting to really see how that ease of really just bringing up a game
and jumping right into it is really nice, even if it isn't quite
the same graphical fidelity I would get if I'd install the game.
But it's it's neat to see that technology kind of progressing.
Again, I don't know how long I would use it.
I certainly wouldn't play a game like FOM has 14 that I've spent
hours and hours and hours on that way.
But to dip in a quick game for 30 minutes or an hour, it's
it's been kind of useful. So I'll give it that.
All right. Moving on, let's talk about oh, let's talk about a game
I'd rather just not have to download and just play it through the cloud,
to be honest, which I guess a lot of people did on Stadia
was Cyberpunk 2077, which just got a new patch.
This is the biggest patch to date.
They're saying it's the third major update since the original launch in December.
Remember, remember Cyberpunk, everybody?
Remember that game came out and it was it was it had some problems.
Special. Yeah. So 1.3 is the new version now.
They're talking about streaming and memory management.
And now they're going to deliver some more things in it.
So free DLC like cosmetic, cosmetic,
cosmetic, excuse me, additions are included in this as well.
There's also an alternative look for Johnny Silverhand, if you want that.
And then lots and lots and lots of bug fixes, gameplay, UI,
quests, things of that nature, being able to reset
and reallocate perk points from the skill trees, all of that is available.
Now, if you want to turn to other parts of the Internet and other people,
amateurs, if you will, but I don't even know if I would say they're amateurs
because a lot of these people do it very well.
Professional modders at work putting their own spin on the game.
And apparently there is a very well-known cyberpunk modder named Scissors
one, two, three, four, five, four, three, two, one.
I love that name. Just so we're clear.
They released a gameplay rebalance mega mod.
It's available on Nexus mods.
And it you know, you check that out and it does a lot with the game.
The the removal of scaling is a big part of it.
So in the base game, V and the enemies gain stats as you level up.
In this mod, they stop doing that,
which is the way people some people prefer to play games.
I prefer it that way.
I don't like when the enemies level up when you do,
because there's something very satisfying about overpowering them.
But I guess that's a developer's artistic choice.
But I think I would like to use this mod if I played the game.
So that's that.
Check that out if you are so inclined.
Looking at some comments from chat.
Sj100Matt says, I haven't touched Cyberpunk this year.
Still have it, but waiting for the updates to fully pick it up again.
Well, this might be the update to draw your attention,
because it sounds like they have fixed an awful lot, that's for sure.
So all right.
And 5th Dream in chat points out a modder literally released this patch
like a week before Project Red suddenly announced the official patch.
Whoops.
Anyway, let's go to our next segment,
because I need to talk about some things that patching wasn't an option back then.
So you all know this segment.
Here we go.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time,
where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us this week, Dark Soccer?
I picked Arkanoid.
And I don't even know why I picked Arkanoid.
I was just like, man, what's something old?
It's cool.
Yeah, so Arkanoid came out in 1986 in July in Japan,
US in August 1986, Europe just 1986 sometime.
And it is a block breaker arcade game published by Taito.
In the US, it was published by Romstar,
who is not related to Homestar or Homsar.
So you play this paddle spacecraft called the VAUS.
And you basically have to clear out the blocks by basically bouncing a ball around.
It's like one person pong with ball with a well, I mean, there's balls.
There's always balls with blocks.
Some blocks are indestructible, some may require multiple hits,
but they are, it's kind of addictive and fun.
The designers from Taito, Fujita Akira and Tsuji no Hiroshi,
were expanding the concept put out by Atari's Breakout, which is very similar.
And it was a part of a contest inside of Taito
where two teams of designers would have to make a block breaker game
and see which one was superior to the other.
They also got inspiration from Tron with the games
for the games neon-ish aesthetic.
And so they designed the levels, they drew everything up.
They did like different power ups and different goodies like that.
And then they put out some play tests
and it was actually better than they expected it to be.
It went on to become a major success.
It became the highest grossing table arcade cabinet of 1987 in Japan.
And then there has just been so much more out of it.
So let's go ahead and dig in a little bit.
So I told you how you play it.
You get like different add-ons, you get different power ups,
different things that increase every new level,
the various variations, formations, flying enemy ships, you name it.
You can even expand the vase, add more balls.
Have a laser cannon or break directly into the next level, an extra vase.
But the gameplay is always the same.
The final stage was just 33 on most versions and 36 on the NES.
You fight the boss called DoH.
And once you reach that, you no longer have the option
to continue out of running out of lives, you play until you're dead.
It's always game over.
So apparently Tsuchino's,
I guess, game developer name was Onijist, O-N-I-J-I-S-T.
They were part of Taito's Yokohama Research Institute,
and they basically participated in the contest and out it came.
And Tsuchino was a big fan of Tron, so that's where a lot of that came in there.
Basically, the geometric enemies
and their power ups were actually hand drawn from 3D models
and converted into sprite art.
And then Okura Hisayoshi,
who is the founder of Taito's house band,
Izunata, did the game's music.
Really short development cycle.
It was described as murderous.
There have been many conversions of various versions.
We're talking about ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC,
Commodore 64, BBC Micro, MSX, Atari 8-bit, Apple II,
NES Amiga, Atari ST, Apple IIGS, IBM PC,
a Mac version in 1987,
a port for the Tandy Color Computer 3 in 1989.
All the computer ports were done by Imagine.
The NES port came with a custom controller.
And it really became one of Taito's most profitable games.
It pulled money in hand over fist.
It was compared in an issue of computer and video games in December 1986,
where it was compared to Pong and Space Invaders
in regards to simplicity and addictiveness,
that it was also simple, colorful, fun, fast and addictive.
And it has won the Silver Award from Gamest,
Game of the Year from Compute Magazine, Best Arcade Translation.
I mean, just all kinds of different things.
As far as its legacy is concerned,
there were a number of direct and indirect sequels.
One of them was Tournament Arkanoid in 1987.
It came out in the U.S. by Romstar.
It was actually developed by Taito America rather than Taito Japan,
but it added new levels.
There was Revenge of Dou, which is a true sequel with new gameplay mechanics.
Came out in arcades in 1987.
Arkanoid Dou It Again and Arkanoid Returns in 1997,
followed by Arkanoid DS in 2007.
Arkanoid Live was published on May 6, 2009 for Xbox Live Arcade.
WiiWare got Arkanoid Plus and there is Arkanoid for iOS,
which I have it on my phone. I love it.
It's one of my time sinks.
There is also a mashup called Arkanoid versus Space Invaders,
and it came out in 2017 for iOS and Android.
And that's it. Our game is Arkanoid.
One that I have a lot of memories of, too.
That special controller on the NES that I never had.
But it looked like a lot of fun.
Yeah, I like the one I'm watching right now is like the laser weapon
because it was over if I got the laser weapon.
Yeah, that's that's very much.
Sorry, it's probably causing those listening on podcast
like what is that pew pew pew noise I keep hearing?
That's because they picked up the laser weapon in the game
and they're just using that to really clear the board.
This person is actually pretty good.
Yeah, they're they're doing that.
It's I bet it's Tass.
It might be. I don't know. Yeah.
So hey, not bad. Yeah. Well, there it is.
Oh, man, they got the catch weapon now.
I freaking love the catch weapon.
I played a lot of that on the NES.
I keep forgetting just how long that game has really lived on.
I forgot about the Arkanoid versus Space Invaders thing.
I wanted to play that. It looked interesting.
So I just never got around to it.
All right. Let's one day one day sequel.
Let's do some rapid fire news.
Let's talk about some other headlines, but quickly, Loki.
It's happened.
I know this is going to come as a shock, but.
Skyrim is coming out.
Again, that's right.
The thesis announced that Skyrim, the anniversary edition.
See, they can do this every single year now.
Is coming out.
It's basically the remastered edition that they had before.
But now they're also including 500 Creator Club mods
and some other things, as well as support for next gen consoles.
That is going to be coming out November 11th.
This year, I don't even know what else they could do for newer consoles,
like I got to say, I played it'll look prettier.
It already looks pretty fucking good on series X, like just because they
enhanced it already for the one X when they released that.
And it looks really good.
So they're going to enhance it again.
All right.
The Creator Club content that they're putting a value on was all of.
I don't know if it now they had.
So these were the they're not mods there,
but were I don't remember what they're calling them. Not mods.
No, we're not charging for mods.
That's that's ridiculous. It's micro DLC.
So these are like little things that they put together.
But also, I can't think that all 500 of those are necessarily Bethesda's
micro DLCs or whatever they call them.
A lot of it is user made content as well that were actually mods.
There's probably something in the fine print that it's like if you put it here,
we can get it in a compilation someday and they're fucking all those people over.
I'm sure that's got to be part of it.
Absolutely. Please enjoy your free copy of the game.
You've already bought four times.
Yeah. Yeah. Just like was it Warcraft remastered?
Yeah. All the mods you make are ours.
Signed exhibition.
This is why. I'll probably play it, though.
I'll still play it.
I'm part of the problem and how.
So there's that.
And then speaking of older games coming back, as Robin mentioned,
you know, Quake has been remastered and it's out now on all sorts of platforms.
And it looks awesome.
And it's got four K.
It is awesome support in 120 FPS and all sorts of cool things.
Plus mods. You don't have to pay for it.
It plays fucking great on the series X,
except for the fact that you're with a controller, which now look,
I enjoy controller controllers a lot in some games, but like a shooter like Quake,
you really have to have keyboard mouse for, in my opinion.
So, yeah, I wish you could hook up a keyboard mouse to the light.
Well, I think you can hook one up, but I don't think a lot of games support it.
But maybe this one does.
But as I alluded to earlier in the show,
if you got that free quake that they gave away during the last Quake Con,
they upgraded it to this version free.
And so I did play a little bit of it on my PC.
And I don't get to play a lot of 4K games on my PC because it's not like
my graphics card can't quite handle it that well.
And good luck trying to get a graphics card these days.
So I just kind of stuck with what I have and
but on what I have, it runs.
Thankfully, Quake is an old ass game, so it runs smooth in 4K on my system.
I like it a lot. Very pretty.
So, D'Artesuya in chat says, I was shocked to learn about the free upgrade.
I heard Modern Vintage Gamer was the one that wrote the new Quake,
so I wonder if the Xbox One has keyboard mouse support.
That would be lovely.
But I haven't looked into it, to be quite honest.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, we have something that makes me happy.
Cat Lateral Damage Remiowstered is going to launch on
September 15th for PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, PS4, Xbox One, Switch and PC.
It better be on Mac as well, or else I will riot.
But anyway, you can collect treats.
You get the collect real cat photos and litter box mode, all that's there.
Different progression redesign.
But you find the cat treats as rewards for procedural mode.
And the PlayStation 5 version has some special features that use the capabilities of the console,
with 4K resolution, faster load times, increased render distance,
and support for activities and game presets.
And, of course, DualSense haptics.
So, yay.
And then the other is, absolutely, the moment that I saw it, I was at a loss.
Sonny Chiba died due to COVID complications.
And I had missed this news.
And I was absolutely floored.
I mean, I grew up watching, you know, a lot of Sonny Chiba movies.
And, you know, I just was, you know, he always played the tough guy or the bad guy
and the one who would just hit everyone, like, extra hard.
Like, I know there was one movie where he, like, punched,
like, his character punched him in the face.
That it sort of invented the x-ray view of the skull breaking that Mortal Kombat bit off of.
But, I mean, his stage name in Japan was Chiba Shinichi.
He was born Maeda Asada-ho.
And he studied under the same name as Chiba Shinichi.
And he studied under one of the great karate masters.
And he was a master himself.
He could do anything.
His nickname was, I mean, he actually didn't get to show any of his skills until 1973
where he was in the film Karate Kiba.
Of course, he was in Kill Bill.
He was in the...
This whole crowd knows him from Kill Bill.
The early years of OLR were heavily influenced by that movie.
We were quoting it left and right.
We had parody commercials based on that movie.
So, you know, we all saw that movie multiple times.
There's more.
But he did influence Tarantino films, especially with the 1993 film True Romance.
He also was in Fast and Furious Tokyo Drift playing a Yakuza boss.
But he was doing a lot more in Japan.
And he actually had another movie in the works.
I mean, he basically...
His movies were the blueprints for a lot of our current hyper-violent martial arts movies.
One of his roles where he played Tsurugi Takuma, he ripped throats out with his bare hands.
And he could kill adversaries with a pencil.
I'm actually just reading through some of these other examples.
And I remember watching a lot of this, because like I said,
I watched a lot of the Sonny Chiba movies when I was a kid.
So, yeah.
It's a loss.
And shoot, at 82, still a pretty good-looking man.
Well, fuck COVID, that's for sure.
I actually didn't realize it was because of COVID complications.
And fuck anti-vaxxers.
And pod culture and chat says, get the fucking shot.
But I imagine it's not like we here in the States are in that situation
where it is very easy to get the shot at this point.
We couldn't have said this six months ago, but now it is very easy to get the shot.
You just go get it.
That I don't think is the case in every country right now.
I think we are unique in that circumstance.
In every state, even Alabama is being...
Alabama is defying national orders right now,
and they're not distributing the vaccines the way that they're supposed to.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
And pod culture and chat says, I was speaking to people in general.
Yeah, I get it.
That wasn't a drag you or a call out type of thing.
I'm just kind of reminding ourselves that not everywhere in the world
can get vaccinated right now.
So that is even more so why we should be doing it.
But the good news is, I heard they're giving the Pfizer shot at least,
the official OK on Monday, whatever it had to meet to get that official
will happen on Monday, it sounds like.
And from there, now they can enforce a mandate on the vaccine and all that stuff.
I'm sure Moderna won't be that far behind or J&J.
It's just those vaccines came out a little bit later.
So I think they have to be out on the market for so long.
So yeah, get your vaccine.
All right.
And the real scary part is now you're hearing about people like Reverend Jesse Jackson
and his wife were vaccinated and now they're still in the hospital.
Unfortunately, that can happen.
They're older.
They're in their 80s, if I'm not mistaken.
So it stinks.
But yeah, it's just even more so like if only the people around them would have been vaccinated.
But when you're a people person like the Reverend Jesse Jackson, you probably come in contact with a lot of unvaccinated folks.
So it's unfortunate.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some things to play while you're at home isolating.
Starting in the U.S., Loki.
Yes.
So this week we have Aliens Fireteam Elite on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X.
We have King's Bounty 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Sniper Ghost Warrior Contracts 2 on PlayStation 5.
Murder Mystery Machine on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Psychonauts 2 on PC, Mac and Linux, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
Hotel Life Resort Simulator on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
The Legend of Heroes.
Hajimari no Kizuki that's on PC and Nintendo Switch.
We've got Spelunky and Spelunky 2 coming on Nintendo Switch as well.
Baldo on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
No More Heroes 3 on Nintendo Switch.
And we've got Tormented Souls on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.
That's it.
All right. Well going over to Japan, we have a slightly bigger week now on the Switch.
We've had some slow weeks, but there's quite a few games out this week on Japan.
On the Nintendo Switch, King's Bounty 2 is out on the 24th.
And then when you go ahead to the 26th, you get even more.
Sukihime, A Piece of Blue Glass Moon in regular and limited edition.
Kamisama no Yuunakimi-e comes out as well in a regular and limited edition.
There's also a Neo Geo Pocket Color Selection Volume 1 from SNK that's out in Japan.
Yeah, I thought that might get your attention.
Oh, I heard about that, yeah.
Yeah, that sounds pretty cool.
Let's see, it's SNK Gal Fighters, Samurai Shodown 2, King of Fighters R2, The Last Blade Beyond the Destiny, Fatal Fury First Contact,
SNK vs. Capcom, Metal Slug First and Second Mission, Dark Arms and Big Tournament Golf.
And they actually put like a pocket station type of thing on your phone.
Or sorry, not on your phone, on your Switch so you can kind of see.
And there's like different ones that you can put on there.
So this seems like something you might want to import Dark Sakura if they're not doing a release here locally.
Which I don't know if they would.
So anyway, that definitely has your name all over it.
Yeah, it does.
Even I cuddle with that.
Let's see, we also have The Legend of Heroes.
Hajimari no Kiseki comes out on the 26th as well.
And we finally get a release of Destroy All Humans.
And Alex Kidd in Miracle World Deluxe are also out this week.
Even though those are in English, they are still at least releasing.
On the Playstation 5, Hitman 3 is out of Japan.
That is an English version.
Along with that, Alex Kidd in Miracle World is out there as well.
And Override 2, Super Mech League, Ultraman Deluxe Edition.
Because of course, Ultraman.
Also out this week in Japan, Playstation 5.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
We have on the 24th Aliens Fireteam Elite.
King's Bounty 2 as well.
Also on the 24th is Sniper Ghost Warrior Contracts 2.
On the 27th we have Absalom End of Gods.
American Fugitive.
Tormented Souls.
And that's it for this week.
Alright.
Just a few more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to get to the listener round table.
I mean just a few.
I think we usually take about 5 or 6 stories.
But we only have 3 left.
It was a little bit of a slower news week, quite honestly.
I mean there were some big headlines we've already kind of touched on.
But overall, I feel like we're in a little bit of a lull right now in gaming.
And I don't know if that's the pandemic.
Is that the time of year coming up on Labor Day?
Or what?
Or all of the above, which is probably the real answer.
So anyway, a few more stories for you guys.
And we'll start it off with Loki.
Yeah, so we have another story regarding the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing.
No, we're not talking about Activision this time.
We're talking about Riot Games.
So Riot Games had basically run afoul of DFEH's.
They had investigated them and apparently found that they were trying to bar individuals from filing complaints.
Or assisting in DFEH cases.
And basically also referring to the anti-retaliation, anti-interference provisions.
And based on this, they're still kind of causing issues and dragging their heels.
I believe what this stems from, if I remember correctly, is that they were supposed to, after investigating some of the discrimination and harassment and stuff that was going on in the company.
They were supposed to have been ordered to put out a communication to the employees regarding their rights as employees and how they can reach out if they've experienced any harassment and stuff like that.
But apparently they have not done that yet.
So the court ordered notice was to inform workers that they may freely cooperate, participate, and obtain potential relief if awarded in the DFEH's pending action.
And that Riot Games cannot retaliate or take any adverse action against them for speaking to them or participating in any pending action or obtaining potential relief in such actions.
So they haven't done that yet.
And this, I think, investigation began back in 2018, and they're still dragging their feet on it.
Hmm.
Kinsurian, that's just like a communication that they need to send out.
What's the holdup here, Riot Games?
You might want to click that send email button.
Yeah, you're just asking for trouble now.
Yeah, this is not a good look.
And yeah, like S2100matt in chat says, why delay it if you have nothing to hide, Riot?
Exactly. Yeah, so basically a court ordered Riot Games to produce, I guess, they were supposed to have put up this communication.
And they ordered Riot to produce, I guess, them back in January 2021.
However, they delayed production until April 2021.
And then apparently, the settlement separation agreements or whatever that they were providing had some language in it that, you know, DFEH was not happy with.
And so they were supposed to be correcting that, and they haven't done that yet.
So, hmm.
Guys, can't mess around with this stuff.
Well, you know, it's like we were talking about with the Activision Blizzard issues a couple of weeks ago that, reminder, are actually still ongoing because, and I already said this once, but I'll say it again, the Blizzard employee requests have gone unresponded to.
But when that was all first being talked about, we mentioned several times, you know, Blizzard and Activision are kind of the companies that the spotlight is shining on at the moment.
But this is an industry problem.
And, you know, on one hand, I'm kind of with Questbuster where it's like, oh, look, Riot Games is in trouble again. Surprised Pikachu phase.
So, unfortunately, and I hate to sound so, hmm, la-di-da, about this, because it's serious allegations, but it's also one of those things where it's like, it's not the first time we've heard this out of Riot.
So I don't think anybody's particularly surprised to hear this. It's extremely disappointing.
But on the other hand, it just goes to show this shittiness is in way too many places that are way too high up in the gaming industry, and it has to end, period.
But I'm at least happy to see that our government and the courts are doing what they need to do. It's taken a long time to get here.
But this is, again, one of those cases where when the companies can't fix themselves, I guess the government will have to do it.
So you might want to click that send email button because it sounds like you have people's attentions.
So, anyway, really quickly before I get into my next story, earlier I had mentioned I wonder what it is that's causing the slower Newsweek.
A couple people have some explanations there. Mike Def says, next week is going to be filled with news, though, I think. I would agree.
Bobby Blackwell says they're all prepping for PAX and Gamescom. Gamescom, yes, but who's going to PAX?
I'm not reading because obviously Bobby and I are going to Dragon Con. It's all the same at this point as it is going to PAX.
But I mean what companies are going to PAX at this point? I haven't heard of a lot of exhibitors there.
They're just now announcing the music guest. Okay, Bobby says he's joking about PAX.
But I'm not. What companies are going to PAX? What's going to happen there at this point?
So it's very interesting. All right. Yeah, Bobby Blackwell says a lot of exhibitors pulled out.
Well, if nothing else, y'all, I'm getting a nice week vacation in Atlanta coming up, getting the hell out of town.
It'll be nice. All right. Perhaps this will be a little more exciting, and that is EVO in 2022.
EVO is going to be returning to Las Vegas. It was announced this week in 2022.
EVO 2021, of course, was held online, but that was better than no EVO at all, which is what happened in 2020.
So they did EVO 2021 online, and at the conclusion of it, they announced that EVO will be back in Las Vegas August 5th through 7th, 2022.
Except they haven't said where yet, although most people are assuming it'll be at the Mandalay Bay Event Center, as it always has been.
But I mean, again, a lot could have changed in the past couple of years.
So, yeah, EVO 2022, it's also noted, will be the first in-person tournament since Sony bought them. Remember that?
Sony owns EVO now. So it'll be interesting to see what that looks like when it's in person.
You got to wonder if maybe some of those like PlayStation Experience, was that when it was PSX, the PlayStation Experience?
If some of those elements will come back to like, you know, an in-person type of event.
But we have literally a year until we find out what that really looks like.
But they have announced that they are going to be aiming for that in person, which, of course, they are.
I think we're all hopeful that this will be on its way out, and certainly in a year's time.
Oh, who is this that just sat down? That's not the same person that was there before. Hold on.
My shirt matches yours.
Oh, you changed your shirt. I love it.
Yeah, I changed my shirt.
And you changed your wig for the podcast listeners.
And my lipstick.
Also like me.
Honestly, this wig is a lot more comfortable, and I was starting to get a headache, so I switched out my wig.
Or as Stark Tetsuya says in chat, new wig, who dis?
Yeah, I do post that pretty often.
All right, well, Dark Sakura, you also tell us stories pretty often here on the show, and we got our last story tonight from you.
Yeah, so, well, it's dead, but not really.
So Toys R Us is back in the news.
Rise from your grave.
We have risen from the grave, yeah.
So now there's a partnership with Macy's.
There's an organization that's also called True Kids Brand that bought the rights to Toys R Us.
And then they partnered with a retailer called Beta, B-8-T-A, for small mall stores.
But it kind of shows a little bit.
There was one in Houston and one in Paramus.
And then it closed.
And actually, there were a bunch of sensors that would check the move and flow of people through to collect data and to see which display shoppers were most attracted to.
But they didn't clarify exactly how it was being created, how long it was being stored for, so a big data problem.
So after all of this, both locations closed, especially due to COVID-19.
And now, True Kids has been acquired by WHP Global.
And now they've done a partnership with Macy's to use their online presence to sell toys under the Toys R Us branding.
There is a site, it's not live yet, but Macy's dot com slash Toys R Us, all one word with no dashes.
And then on top of that, they're going to be doing shop and shops inside, kind of like when you go to, what is it, JCPenney and there's like a Sephora in there.
They're doing Toys R Us's like that inside of Macy's.
And they're hoping to increase their holiday sales, because the last time they did something like this was in 2018 when they had an agreement with FAO Schwartz.
Which, by the way, FAO Schwartz has stuff at Target now. That blew my mind. I just saw that this week.
I was at Target and they had like the keyboard from Big, we all remember that, right, that movie.
And there was other stuff like a magic set and things I guess FAO Schwartz was known for.
They were selling it at Target and I was like, oh, that's where that ended up.
I wonder where KB Toys is going to end up at the 99 cent store.
Mm hmm. Who knows?
All right. Johnny Woofay in chat says they turned our Toys R Us into a storage facility. Ah, sad face.
I haven't seen what the buildings around here changed into. If anything, they're probably, they're probably haunted.
Oh, Hobby Lobby. Gross. All right. Is that what the old birdcage one is?
Yes, it's a Hobby Lobby, which doesn't make any sense because like literally like right behind it is a Michaels. Why?
Anyway.
Hobby Lobby is the devil anyway.
As 200 Matt says, Dollar General. Yeah, just just what we need more of, dollar stores.
And actually Dollar General Rob predates Dollar Tree.
Fair enough. Fair enough. Yeah, they're they're different.
Dejirama S points out the Toys R Us by me as a spirit Halloween. Oh, don't get me started on spirit Halloween.
I mean, I love the store, but it's we all know the meme of building has become a spirit store.
You know, it's silly. Bobby Blackwell says ours is a Burlington.
Ours is a Burlington coat factory. Oh, now that that's a store I like.
I like coats. Yeah, I like coats. I guess I've gotten some great coats at Burlington Coat Factory, so can't complain too much.
All right. Anyway, we're going to get into the listener roundtable.
If you would like to give us a call, join our discord, vog network dot com slash discord and hit up the green room channel.
And we'll take some calls if anybody wants to call.
We also use this opportunity to check in with our mailbag. Participate at Orange Laundry dot com.
It's the place to send an email. I'm not sure we got any this week, but I'll look to dark soccer to confirm.
OK, there it is. We got Jack and shit.
Well, then you can also tell us in chat if there's something you'd like for us to talk about or what have you.
But now everybody's talking about spirit Halloween.
As 200 Matt says, the dead mall by me turned the now gone Saks Fifth Avenue into spirit Halloween.
Wow. Wow. When a Saks turns into one, what a crazy shit.
Well, I mean, I love spirit, but let's be real. It's a downgrade.
Interesting. Bobby Blackwell says it was originally going to be a hobby lobby, but that fell through.
So it's now a Burlington. Oh, interesting. Hobby Lobby is evil.
Tiger Cost says, you know, another store that's gone Sears, you know, another store that's gone.
Montgomery Ward. Sears last year was a spirit Halloween store.
What was it? Oh, wow. Yeah, it was. But now that whole side of the whole mall is dead pretty much.
I mean, like I was driving by it the other day and looking at it, it's just like there's no one there.
I think I went inside there and like half the mall is closed off. It's just it's.
Yeah, yikes. Because I think those those theaters are gone now.
Oh, man. The discount theaters. Yeah. Lord knows what you're stepping in on the floor.
The sign outside. Oh, God. Yeah. They saw the sign outside. But yeah, it's gone.
They should. Somebody should just write in the marquee jokes like coming soon. Spirit Halloween store.
People should do that. I don't understand. Anyway, we do have somebody waiting in the green room to come on the show,
so we'll get to it and bring them in, invite them to talk to us.
Hi there. You're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? Hey, this is Pixel Pacas. Hey, Pixel Pacas.
It is great to have you on the show. How are you doing? I'm doing well.
Thanks. Loving the show as always. Well, thank you so much. Loving having you here.
What's on your mind? So I just wanted to bring up some news that it's kind of a big deal to me.
And some other folks might be interested as well. Sure. So in Banning, California, it's kind of just out there.
Yeah. I know about this. Yeah. The Museum of Pinball is closing.
Which is sad. I only got to go there once, though. Tons of pinball machines, also arcade machines.
But the owners, they announced they're closing it like maybe this month. Is that the one in the Bay Area or the one in the desert?
No, no. I thought it was the one in Alameda, Rob, when I told you. That one also closed.
Well, they're not permanently closed. That's the Pacific Pinball Museum, I think.
OK, so Banning's the one because I think there was a convention there. I was looking at it, looking into going.
And it's down in, like, Palm Springs. OK, so it is kind of the desert.
OK, sorry. Just had to get my geography straightened out. Sorry.
Yeah, it's huge. It was like 40,000 square feet or something. Yeah, it's a big place.
I regret never getting to go. There ain't a lot of there ain't a lot of shit to do in the desert.
I mean, again, you had to explain to me very, very thoroughly where Banning, California was in the first place.
Yeah. Yeah. There's nothing there except kind of an airport and a casino. But anyway, so they're closing.
I got to go once. It was really cool. I'm sad that they're closing, but I mean, they couldn't do anything during COVID.
Right. So I think that probably plays into it. They couldn't open. They couldn't do anything for over a year.
But now they're going to be auctioning off everything. Oh, over 1000 machines.
The auction's already open. Yeah, it's it's gonna be live, like starting September 10th.
But you can register now. You can look. You can preview everything now. You can bid in person or online.
I'm laughing because Alan's in the other room. And I started looking at it.
He can hear it because he hears the playback here in the studio. So he's he's in the other room.
I'm looking right at him going, baby Pac-Man, baby Pac-Man. I'm mouthing it. And he's like, no, we don't have the space.
No. But Rob, what? Baby Pac-Man, you can keep it at my house.
Alan, Alan, Alan, Alan, Alan. Rob can keep it at my house. Baby Pac-Man.
There you go. Oh, he said fine. He relented. OK, yeah. And it'll get to live at my house.
Now, we actually just switched out. We traded a temporary trade.
We have the Rick and Morty table right now. We traded our Metallica temporarily.
Nice. Anyway, I'm sure you didn't call in to hear me scream baby Pac-Man in your face.
Is there is there a machine that you're looking at getting in throughout all this or what do you think?
I'm just looking at this point. You know, I would like a pinball machine. I don't have any at this point,
but I would like to kind of get started in that world of take of arcade and pinball machines taking over my life.
I'm ready. And your house? Yes, I'm ready.
Dark Soccer, you should be giving away a free toaster that'll run Doom.
Do you watch Jack Danger? I do.
Cool. And actually talk to him. Message him sometime because he's really good with advice.
Nice. Yeah. Sure. And there's a pin side. Good for him there.
But there's also I think it's like road you pin is another group, I think.
OK, I haven't heard of that one. I'll see if I can find it. But I think they're by Papa.
The like Pacific arcade pinball something. So Bobby Blackwell is asking in chat,
do they ship? Because I think he has a particular machine in mind. That's the thing.
I think I'm pretty sure. Oh, I could have sent the link to you. I think you have to manage that yourself.
They have some recommended shipping partners or whatever, but it's really up to you.
I think they'll give you a pallet, but you've got to figure out how you're going to take that. Get that to you.
Mm hmm. Yeah. I mean, I think a pinball is not cheap.
It is. Yeah. Who wants to rent a U-Haul and go down to Palm Springs with me?
Dark Soccer, Loki. I'll do it. All right.
Rob, you know, I would do it in a heartbeat. I'm supposed to be saving money.
You know what? You know, you have the insider info. I was saving money.
I know why. And Rob, what? What am I? But an enabler.
You should do it. You should do it. I'm really fun.
Rob, YOLO, YOLO. And then and then and then and then and then.
No, we could do we could do. Hey, Alan, Alan, YOLO.
I didn't realize that Street Fighter two pinball machine. That's pretty cool.
Yeah, it's not very good. It's a got live one, I think. Do they have that?
OK, so like in when Bobby was talking about Southern Fried Game Rex,
Southern Fried Game Room Expo on a show tonight, he was showing footage from the event.
And they actually had the big boy Mario Brothers pinball table, which you see far less
frequently than the little the more smaller one that was more for kids.
And that is that is what I almost feel like Bobby might want that slightly more than Dr.
No, probably not, because Mrs. Black Wolf is going to want the doctor who table.
So. But yeah, I think that that's up there on the list, too.
And I honestly I love that Mario Brothers table, too, because they have a circus full tear.
I might want to bid on that. Hmm. Hmm. They had a circus full tear.
All right. Well, I need to look and see if I actually I would love to have an Arabian Nights.
Because it's a Papa Duke. Do they have a baby? I haven't. I'm trying to do a show.
I can't look at the catalog. Do they have a baby? It doesn't have like a search thing on here either.
All right. There. Oh, no. Yeah, there's actually if you go in advance search, there's like a keyword search.
They might be able to do that. There's only 742 lot items. It's fine.
They're still adding more, though. Oh, OK. And Bobby Black Wolf says there is not a baby Pac-Man.
There is? No. Oh, damn. Well, I think there's also two lots, though, because it's two auctions.
I'm sure everybody's doing cartwheels hearing there isn't one after all.
That's all right. Bobby Black will just point out Lot 503 is Circus Voltaire.
So, yeah, it's probably not going to happen. We've got to do adult stuff.
What happened to enabling? Oh, yeah, but you don't have you don't have a Dan.
I can enable you. One ninety nine is a Max 2 machine. Really?
See, I really don't have the space for like an entire DDR machine. You on the other hand, Loki.
I don't think of that much space. We actually don't because of all the pinball and the Mustang in the garage.
And I mean, get this. We've got a Mustang. Come on. Drop.
This is Dan's first car. This is baby.
I know. I know it's a pain. And you know what? You know what the deal with that is, right?
Is that when Dan dies, I have to stuff his corpse into it, push it off a cliff and explode it midair.
I really don't know how to respond to that.
Little does he know I'm going to do like a paper craft Mustang and use that and then keep the real thing and put air conditioning in that sucker.
See, you need to be more specific. All right, Marcus, thank you for calling into the show and alerting us to the pinball sale,
which led to conversations about Dan's funeral, which are entirely premature.
But hey, that's the way things go here on Orange Launch Radio sometimes.
So, hey, anything else you want to shout out or get on out before we let you go?
No, I just wanted to share that because I figured it'd be of interest.
I still haven't figured out if I'm actually going, but if I am, you know, maybe I'll see if I can do anything to help you guys out.
Well, Marcus, you figured correctly. Thank you for being in the neighborhood tonight on Orange Launch Radio.
All right. Bye, my friend. Bye.
I hope he didn't mind that I called him by his display name on Discord out of reflex and not PixelPakas.
Oops. Sorry about that. All right. Let's go to our next call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It's the one and only DJ Ron Maness. How is everybody tonight?
Rama, so good to see you. Literally see you.
Oh, it's you.
I have to represent the old rules.
I missed you, Ron Chan.
Wait, there's a pinball machine called Gay Nineties.
Yes, there is a bar called the Gay Nineties in Minneapolis.
So usually when you hear the term gay nineties is referring to the eighteen nineties, which was like, yeah, it's referring to that.
It looks it. Yeah, it just looked weird. Like I was trying to figure out what the theme was supposed to be because they've got like, you know.
No, it's not. It's not referring to queerest folk on Showtime.
It's not referring to Will and Grace. What else was gay nineties? It's not referring to Frasier.
Let's be real. Everybody on that show is gay. It's not.
And I'm the cheerleader.
And I'm on comedy show. All right.
But you did not call in to talk about the gay nineties, Rama, Loki.
What did you call in to talk about tonight?
But I'm always here to listen to your amazing gay stories, Rob. You know that.
Well, thank you. Thank you. Ah, fair.
OK, a couple of quick stories. I'll be on my merry little way.
All right. So for the last few weeks, I've been playing this game called The Ascent, and it's a great cyberpunk ish game.
And, you know, you know, when you get into a game, you're really into the controller.
Then you're wondering, why is the controller not working the way it should?
So the trigger button started to stick on my Xbox.
So I get the WD-40 sprayed in there and it should be fine.
A couple of weeks later, start sticking again, and then I spray more WD-40 in the controller at two thirty in the morning when the only light that I have is off the TV.
Did not realize I shot so much WD-40 into it that the entire controller was just lagging like crazy.
So you made it extra slippery.
Yup.
So I'm like, I'll just order another Xbox one control off Amazon.
How hard can that be? Famous words.
I didn't expect to find them going as high as 80 to 100 dollars.
They're not.
Well, I didn't know there was a shortage going on or something.
The one or the Series X?
No, the Xbox one controller.
And I thought, well, Microsoft so long are making them, so they're making the series controller.
And I'm like, I'd rather have an Xbox one controller.
So if I happen to sell my Xbox one, I won't lose any value on it.
So I track one down.
I get I find a remanufactured one for sixty five dollars.
Perfect. A few days later, the mail shows up.
I grab the package. I open it up.
They send me an Xbox series controller instead.
What?
I'm just sitting here laughing like Kiyo Kusanagi from King of Fighters.
I'm like, are you serious right now?
But the series controller is really good.
I would imagine you would have gone full on Orochi if we were going to use that analogy.
I mean, to be perfectly honest, I'm just like, does it work?
Yeah, it works.
It's a controller, Rama.
Thank you.
I'm like, if I wanted a series controller, I would have just gone to Best Buy when I go out once a week and bought one.
Yeah.
So can you return it?
Yeah. Amazon is shipping me an official renewed Xbox one controller and it should arrive on Tuesday.
And it let me keep that one?
No, I've got to send that one back.
Ah, I was going to say.
Well, hey, it was a nice chance to sample it, at least.
Yeah.
I would say it's really nice.
But Jamie, you know, there are ways around certain things.
I'm not going to.
So, you know, there are ways around certain things.
Yes.
And another thing, and I'll be on my merry little way.
No problem.
You know how lately Hallmark has been doing a lot of retro gaming ornaments and stuff like that?
Oh, yeah.
I got the, uh, the NES, the NES.
I got a few of them.
This one has been very popular on Amazon.
The Super Nintendo one.
I have it.
Did you, did you hook it?
Did you put into batteries?
No.
So wait.
Wait, I think I have that one.
I didn't know it took batteries though.
Yeah.
This came out this year.
Oh, this year?
No, then I have, um, the last year, the NES.
Yeah.
This, this year for 2021, it's the Super NES.
I need to get it.
And it goes with three batteries.
And if you put it in, I hit the power button.
We're waiting to hear.
Does it make you hear it?
No, no sound isn't coming through for us.
Oh, damn.
You have to tell us what's it doing?
It's playing on the first level theme from Super Mario World.
Oh, that's adorable.
Complete with sound effects.
Or as Bobby Black Wolf in chat currently says, ordering that.
Good luck.
Because our fucking callers tonight are just enabling the shit out of all of us.
God damn.
I'm closing these lines back up.
No more phone calls.
No more phone calls.
I'm just kidding.
I heart you guys.
If you want one of these good luck.
Cause I've been following Wario 64 for about a week and a half trying to get one.
And when I got one on Amazon, it says it's secure.
You have it.
They'll say your order has been canceled.
I get another notification.
I go back and I order it.
I'm told we're going to hold your money until we get one and we'll charge you when it ships
and lo and behold.
Yeah, I am going to have to, I mean, am I just sweet?
I've actually been pretty lucky going to, uh, the, uh, the actual hallmark store near
my house.
So I might have a hallmark store out in Roseville.
That's not near your house, but I know that one.
Well, no, there's, there's one out here in EG.
Um, and I have to go to target tomorrow and it's right next door to target.
So good times shopping.
There is a hallmark store in New York city, right.
And report authority, but I'm like, I'm not going to spend two 75 to go there.
The risk that they don't have and spend another two 75 going home.
But there's, but they do, they've got like arcade machine, um, ornaments and a bunch
of different Mario and Luigi ones.
I got, uh, I think I got like the eight bit Luigi one before you got it.
Yeah.
Yep.
Bobby says, if you go onto hallmark.com, you can do curbside pickup and Bobby says
they have five and he can order one for curbside pickup near him.
So, um, that is another option you could do doing it now.
Log it in hacking the planet.
Um, before I let you go, I got something for you.
I want to know, um, out here, we were hearing, hearing about hurricane, hurricane, hurricane.
How you doing?
Is, did that affect you or was that more long Island?
Give me tropical storm honoree.
Yeah.
Oh, that was, that ended up being a big deal.
Yeah.
Just, just so you know, technically I live in long Island, Brooklyn, Queens, Nassau and
Suffolk County is basically long.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've, I've, I've been through that.
Holy crap.
Uh oh.
And there's a battleship one.
She's in the zone.
Here we fucking go.
No, no.
My transformers loving self is like, bitch.
That and even Dan's not going to protest that one to be honest.
So I have been seeing a lot of transformer stuff, Jamie.
I will start emailing you some of the stuff that I see.
Okay.
Well, you know, I'm not on Facebook anymore.
So that's why I said email.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm glad to see your internet's up and you're not under water.
Cause the news out here was making it sound pretty terrible.
That's because I'm in zone B, basically three zones.
You put in your address, A, B, or C if it's zone, a pack your shit and go zone B. You
might not have to pack, but just be careful.
Zone C you're good.
So was fire Island and zone a, cause I bet they were probably.
Remember you need a special bus to get over to fire.
Yeah.
They have one.
Do you want me to get one too?
Uh, yeah, sure.
For you.
Sure.
Actually they're only letting me get one.
Sorry.
That's all right.
I'll log in and look and see if the Roseville store has them.
All right.
Y'all happy?
Y'all happy?
You made a sale.
Y'all happy?
You made a sale.
Congrats.
That's all right.
All right.
Wrap it up before you, before you sell us some something else, anything else on your
mind tonight?
No, that's it.
I just didn't think this was going to turn into everybody buying stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Happy holidays.
They're not letting me do the pickup.
All right.
Take care Rama.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
Listen to anime jam session Tuesday nights hosted here at VOG network.
All right.
Uh, I think that was all the, uh, the calls that we had there waiting to go.
Um, let's see.
Uh, Oh, as 200 Matt says, yeah, fire Island was evacuated.
I actually, I went there once.
Uh, I think it was like 2006.
Uh, don't get it twisted.
It wasn't anything scandalous that you said, like me and my lesbian friend took the ferry
out there.
He just to see what it was all about.
Cause we always hear about fire out, fire out and like nothing was that we saw a house
party going on and we walked to the beach and we were like, all right, it's cold.
Let's go back.
So that was my trip.
That was my exciting trip to fire Island way back in the day.
But I hope everybody's okay.
All right.
Um, I guess that's it.
We didn't get any, uh, emails tonight.
Participate at orange lounge radio.com.
The listeners have had enough say tonight on our wallets.
So that's where every gamer has a voice.
Nope.
We're done.
We're done.
No.
Uh, Rama says you have to go to fire Island during June for obvious reasons.
Someday, one of these days, uh, I'll get back out there.
All right.
Oh, I didn't even check in with Loki to see if there's any last minute stories, but I
guess I should do that.
Loki.
Do you have any last minute stories?
Uh, no, but I was gonna mention a lot.
57 57 is a pair of hair paradise.
Second mix.
And of course lot Thursday, three 17.
It's ready for shipping to 50 inch monitors included Derby owners club.
Get out.
I don't have room for a doc at my house.
A Derby owner's club.
We need to just put in and have like the big warehouse.
That's nothing but like our own combined personal arcade.
That would be very cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
Uh, well that is going to do it for another episode of orange lounge radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show tonight.
Hey, if you like what you heard here at the show, tell a friend or two, help us spread
the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only if the voices
are here to put out on air.
So, um, spread the word, um, uh, neatly leave us a nice five star review on a site like
iTunes or Spotify or wherever it is you found this podcast.
Uh, please consider that, uh, auto host at, uh, at VOG network auto host for VOG network
on Twitch goes an awful long way as well.
So, um, thank you so much, uh, for everybody that does that.
I really appreciate you.
Uh, if you are feeling so inclined, you can also shop at VOG network.com slash shop.
If you want an orange on radio shirt like I'm wearing tonight and Jamie is now as well
too.
Uh, you can check that out.
Um, and maybe even more to come soon in the future.
So, um, that is about it.
Now we're going to get final thoughts.
Um, dark soccer, are you streaming tonight?
I am streaming tonight.
So we'll start with you.
All right.
Um, uh, pig is the best killer in dead by daylight.
And if you argue with me, you're wrong.
All right.
Uh, have a good one.
Enjoy.
Have a good stream.
I'm popping out now.
Yep.
Sounds good.
And, uh, let's see your final thought.
Loki.
Uh, my final thought is I'm going to try to work in some more games through out my week.
So I'm not just playing Minecraft all the time.
Good idea.
Although Minecraft is cool too as well.
Don't get me wrong.
Yeah.
I'm still playing that.
Yeah.
And, uh, my final thought is I I'm going to keep, keep sampling some games on that cloud
gaming Xbox stuff.
Cause it's pretty fun.
So, uh, and I need to play more 12 minutes.
I didn't even talk about that.
I started 12 minutes and I didn't get very far.
I got distracted and that was that.
So maybe next week we'll talk a little bit about that.
Lots of games to talk about.
Uh, we will be back next week and that will be our last show for a couple of weeks because,
uh, there is no show labor day weekend.
Uh, as, as has been the case for like seven years, ever since I started going to dragon
con, uh, there hasn't been a show labor day weekend.
So just keep that in mind.
We'll be back next week, but we'll, we'll not be here in two weeks.
So we hope to see you next week for an all new OLR.
And my apologies, I should have put this at the beginning of the show, but my apologies
to the podcast listeners.
Um, because the cast took forever to get up on the feed this last week.
Um, because the show had a major tech kick up and when that stuff happens, it just takes
me a lot longer to put together.
And I got really lazy.
Sorry guys.
But there's also a lot going on.
And then I had internet issues here.
I'm actually glad the internet held out tonight cause we were having internet issues and I
was a little worried we weren't even going to get to have a show tonight.
So thank you internet gods for holding out tonight.
I appreciate that.
All right, let's wrap it up.
We'll see you in seven days for an all new OLR.
Have a great week.
Happy gaming.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
