Hot Take Warning!
Gran Turismo has always been the most stunning, technical, beautiful simulation racing game
on the market.
It pushes the boundaries in a very specific way that other games comfortably nestle inside
as they create their own vision.
The increase in graphical fidelity hit a near-kappa generation ago.
Every improvement now is miniscule or an ancillary detail like crowds, environment, etc.
Meanwhile, Pokemon Arceus and Kirby have a choppy distance renderer.
Give me more Nintendo, please.
This is my opinion and you should have your own, but now it's time for your hosts, Rob
Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about the actual Gran Turismo story and the
rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show where every gamer has
a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 907 of our
show once again, I'll get into that in a minute, for this, tonight, March the 27th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined, as usual, every Sunday night, whether there's
a silly award show going on or not, with my co-hosts.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Jamie Summers?
I am.
Yes.
Uh, folks, uh, may notice that are watching live.
The cam is broken tonight, unfortunately, so we don't see you, um, but we hear you discord
just doesn't like to use it.
Discord is broken.
And we learned that last week, but I'll get into that in a moment.
Um, also joining us tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you doing?
Good.
So I noticed the game playing behind you tonight is that new tiny Tina Wonderland game, right?
It is.
Yes.
Yeah.
Uh, so have you been able to check that out yet?
No, I have not, uh, uh, I want to check it out even, which is funny because I'm not like
super into Borderlands, but like the little bit that I've played at those games, I do
enjoy them.
And then I kind of like love the idea of the more like fantasy realm setting with that.
So, um, it's a little bit more fancy, but it's, it seems pretty similar to Borderlands
three, but yeah, it's certainly more fantasy, but not completely just fantasy.
Gotcha.
All right.
Uh, anyway, uh, let's get into the show.
We'll get into our kickoff topic.
Okay.
So first let me talk about this because the podcast listeners noticed there was no podcast
last week, even though we did have sort of a live show.
So what happened?
We didn't have a full live show.
We had about maybe 20 minutes of a live show.
Uh, we had so many problems with discord last week and I don't know what it was.
Uh, I was not able to see Loki.
I wasn't able to hear him.
I couldn't hear dark Sakura, even though I knew that the cam issues were going on.
I don't know what was happening, but it was a mess.
It took us 15 minutes to get started with an actual show.
And those of you that were here live saw the whole thing.
It took us 15 minutes to get started live with an actual show.
Then when the show started, I think we got maybe 20 minutes into it.
And then more tech problems started happening where my co-host couldn't even hear me.
And so I threw up my hands and I said, you know what?
I can't deal with this.
We're done.
So I said, shut it down.
So we did, and that was it for the night.
And I was like, you know what?
The 20 minutes that we recorded really wasn't enough for a podcast and it's kind of funky.
So I'm just, I'm going to let it just be like a live only thing.
And that's that.
So if you're on the pipe and you're wondering what happened to the show, that's what happened
to the show.
We didn't have much of one.
We only got through our kickoff topic.
We had barely gotten into our gaming weeks and then we couldn't even hear each other
anymore.
So that was pretty much what you missed.
So we are redoing episode number 907 tonight.
So that's why I said welcome to 907 again, because technically this is take two on episode
907, but with all new stories from this week.
So there you go.
And hello in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, where we do tape live every Sunday
night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show.
And looking in chat, I see a question coming in about why do you have to reload when the
shows change?
You don't always, so like when you're watching live, Bobby basically stops broadcasting from
his Atlanta home office.
And then I pick up the feed in my Sacramento home office because I have to change the title
and all that stuff too, so that they save as two separate recordings.
There really isn't a way for us to do that.
We would have to literally remote into a central computer and it's just too much.
However, most systems, as far as I know, pick up the new feed automatically.
You don't usually have to stop all together, so I'm not sure why that is.
I don't know if that's just a browser thing or whatever it is.
I'm not sure.
But just to answer that question, for the folks who are listening live, and I do see
in chat that a hype train just started, y'all are so kind, thank you so much for that.
You don't have to do that, especially after last week, but thank you very much for that.
Let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Maybe we could actually have some gaming discussions tonight.
Let's do it.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
I mean, I guess we can.
Or I could sit here and fight with Discord all night.
You know what?
I think it was, and it's, oh yeah, of course, this goes without saying.
So we decide, okay, we're going to meet 30 minutes early tonight, I'll miss Bobby's show,
we need to meet early, try to make sure everything works before we go live, look at the solutions
if we have to go that way.
And of course, we all get on Discord and what happens?
Everything just works.
Like it always has.
Every other week we've done this.
So what the fuck happened last week?
I don't know.
And my thought is, is it because Discord was getting DDoSed?
Was it the server?
Everything in gaming has been getting DDoSed lately.
I know we have a story on it later, but I know Sony got, Microsoft within the last two
weeks was like, everybody's getting DDoSed.
Was Discord getting something?
Was that why we couldn't see each other?
I don't know.
It's a mess.
Anyway.
So I throw it out there.
Okay, Loki, you can talk games now.
So we've been for the longest time hearing rumors and just speculating that, hey, Sony
needs something to kind of compete with Game Pass that Microsoft has.
And I guess that's supposed to be coming very soon.
So they're saying that it could be revealed next week.
The service has a code name, which I'm not going to say because it's stupid.
And we don't need the spread, Spartacus.
It's code name.
I am Spartacus.
It is not exciting enough to have a code name of Spartacus.
It should be like, I don't know, code name Sion or something.
Code name Sony Game Pass.
I guess Sony late to the party got to copy what Game Pass does.
Sony flicks.
I don't know.
So anyways, so yeah, they're going to put out some sort of service.
There's something maybe streaming is going to be involved with it.
It's a lot of speculation until the actual announcement comes out.
So cool.
It'll be coming at some point probably next week.
I think what makes this interesting and why I know a lot of people are always iffy when
it comes to reporting on rumors, but I think it's important to point out it's a lot of
the investor websites that are running with this news.
And that's why it's a little more like this isn't just like somebody's Twitter account.
Like my uncle works at Sony.
This is investor insider stuff.
And one of the things that they did mention, though, out of the report is that the new
service is not expected to have their big titles day one, unlike, you know, Game Pass,
which does.
Yeah.
So.
So basically, like, like one of the biggest sales angles of Game Pass, we already know
Sony is not going to run with and that's the day one releases.
It sounds I don't know if that's true.
It sounds like Sony may rely on its back catalog a little more to bolster it all.
And we'll see.
We'll see.
I don't know.
They could.
Yeah.
Cool, but.
You know, it seems like they're just putting a fresh coat of paint on PlayStation now.
Well, PlayStation now sucks.
Yeah.
I mean, they needed to rebrand it, so I don't blame them necessarily for doing that.
And they're saying that they're going to have different tiers, too.
So they're like different tiers would include video games, streaming demos, back catalog
games.
So it sounds confusing.
Like, honestly, like it's they're taking it and making it worse and more confusing.
It sounds like because we're in multiple tiers, we're not going to have the day one games.
It's like, OK, well, why bother?
Like why even bother at that point?
Well, I could see something interesting happening here, and that would be if Sony is going to
leverage their back catalog.
And this is I'm going to fully admit this is wishful thinking.
OK, Sony does have the advantage over Microsoft that they have a richer back catalog going
all the way back to the PlayStation one days.
A lot of people back in the day said they wanted Nintendo to go the Netflix route.
With their online stuff, Nintendo kind of did that, but still gets dragged over the
coals for it because they don't exactly have enough.
That's there.
No, you know, and here I thought that they were copying Microsoft.
They're copying Nintendo again.
Well, no, I don't know if it's a Nintendo, but absolutely they're copying Nintendo game
because what they're going to do is they're going to have libraries, a PlayStation, PlayStation
two, PlayStation three that they're going to slowly trickle in stuff.
But there'll be some games that will be locked up at the PlayStation plus plus whatever,
you know, you have to pay for in order to get the the extra content in there.
They're copying Nintendo.
It's a Sony move.
But here's here's the point I was trying to arrive at.
What if Sony does it better and actually provides that full rich library out the gate?
You're already disagreeing.
No, no, they won't do better.
Because and is it because well, and the thing that I think is holding Nintendo back is that
Nintendo is pretty much put every first party game they can out on the service, at least
as far as the NES and the SNES goes, like every first party game.
I mean, I'm sure you all can think of an exception or two here or there, like maybe like, I would
say one that sticks out for me is Illusion of Gaia, which I know they published in the
US because they had the strategy guide in that that isn't on the Super Nintendo service
and it ought to be.
So there are exceptions.
But I feel like a lot of third party stuff is what you know, and getting those agreements
can be tough.
I think that they're gonna see because I don't trust Sony to do the right thing here.
The reason why is because we look at what they do as far as like their practices.
So most a lot of games, no free upgrades, you have to pay additional money to upgrade
it from like PlayStation four to PlayStation five type of thing.
Their games cost more.
They're charging $69.99 for their games, whereas Microsoft's charging 60.
They I mean, have been very hesitant in the past to support backwards compatibility.
They well, they did.
They supported it, but you got to buy them again.
Cool.
They also have been stripping away the the free games that they offered in their PlayStation
Plus.
Remember, PlayStation Plus used to have like PlayStation three games, PSP games and all
that kind of stuff.
And yeah, they they stopped supporting those systems.
But you can't tell me that a PlayStation four or five can't run a PSP game or handle PlayStation
three game.
I mean.
It's just maybe, maybe not PlayStation for PlayStation five can handle PlayStation three
game.
And even then, yes, five has PS five has PS four backward compatibility built in.
So it can it can play everything.
I mean, yeah, like emulators.
I know people go emotion engine like come on emulators are at the point where it can
it can work.
The only emotion engine that I'm feeling is the disappointment engine, because that's
that's what I get with Sony is disappointment when it comes to supporting their fans.
Do they make great first party games?
Sure.
They make great first party games.
But you know, once again, that only goes so far, you know, to bolster a console, you really
only looking at a handful of games that define this console versus some other console.
So they really need to make this service attractive.
Because otherwise, people aren't just going to give them the time of day.
Not that they can't anyways, because you can't get a PlayStation five.
But you know, it's just if they were going to like, say, Oh, we'll get a PlayStation
four, and you can stream all this stuff or get these PlayStation five games somehow compatible
with it.
I don't know.
But like, it's just, I don't expect much from them.
So hopefully, they surprise me.
They have you know, what they really should be doing is like, I understand that they're
separate companies.
Because the entertainment company is different from the movie company, but you are a movie
studio.
You spice up some of that with the movies?
Why not?
I mean, like that?
Yeah, I remember talking about that a while ago is that Sony does have something that
Microsoft doesn't have in that department.
And that Sony could leverage their catalog of movies.
Now and that I that would really change the conversation.
I think if now it's PlayStation now is these games and you can stream I don't know Spider
Man or is that now a Disney thing?
I don't even know anymore.
That's a Disney thing.
Okay.
Well, fucking it.
Well, it's kind of in the weird.
You can stream.
Morbius.
Okay.
The Uncharted movie, for God's sake, obvious that you could stream the Uncharted movie
and other things like within Sony's warehouse, you know, or and music.
What if it was all of that?
I think that would be the game changer.
And that's where Sony has something that the other other kids in playground don't have.
So it would be interesting to see if they were to actually leverage that.
So let's see.
Mike Deaf says Spider Man is Sony, not Disney.
I know the rights are complicated there, but didn't ultimately that movie is streaming
on Disney Plus, ultimately, isn't it?
The far from home, whatever.
I think that's where it's going.
Yeah.
So I don't know how they worked all that out.
But streaming rights were probably a part of that.
Oh, Bobby says, no, that's not how it worked.
It's going to stars first stars with stars.
There's too damn many streaming services.
No one's going to stream it from the stars.
I want to get to another question here.
But first, let me say, I usually don't stop to acknowledge this, but I have to.
Somebody anonymously cheered 1000 biddies.
That is no small amount.
So whoever you are, thank you very much.
Thank you.
Also no small amount, Bobby Blackwolf and Obi Wan Jabroni, five gift subs each.
So thank you all.
And there's I didn't even read all the other ones that were smaller cheers.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I see you.
I noticed you.
And I'll read them all at the end of the show.
Thank you so much for that.
You don't have to.
It's appreciated.
With one of those cheers, actually, she helped 10 cheered 100 biddies and said the future
is streaming games via Netflix style subscription.
I kind of think I kind of think, yes, she's right.
I mean, I feel like I've echoed some of this before, because where the movie industry goes,
the game industry inevitably goes and this is absolutely where the movie industry is
going.
And I agree that's going to happen, just not with bandwidth caps.
Yeah, no, I agree.
The bandwidth cap issue has to give and, you know, obviously it's Comcast.
It's well, and I guess there's other smaller.
But if we could get more competition in that Internet space, but you're starting to see
it.
You know what I saw commercial for the other day, because somebody I know from the Twitch
thing and on Twitter is a frickin spokesperson for this now, Verizon has these 5G boxes that
you can get to get 5G on the go.
Well, because it's not everywhere yet, but it's they're working on it.
So Comcast Xfinity and all the other providers with data caps are going to have to worry
about this competition coming soon.
And again, not to toot my own horn, but I'm going to a little bit.
I said this like a year ago, probably two years ago.
There's going to come a time where 5G is in 90 plus percent of the country and cable is
going to have to compete with that super fast over the air connection.
And if mobile continues to offer unlimited plans because data caps are a myth anyway,
that's where cable is going to get its competition.
And I think once all that gets sorted out and now there's no more bandwidth caps, I
think then that's where cloud gaming really starts to get its foot in the door and really
start to take off.
So let's see.
Going to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network as 100 Matt says, I think Sony would
like to do that, but it depends on what Sony streaming deals has with other services.
The obvious thing would be for there to be a Sony streaming service for its movies and
shows.
But in order for that to happen, they would have to void all their deals with other services,
which isn't happening anytime soon.
Maybe they could leverage something in their future deals.
I don't know, maybe there's something where maybe you don't stream the movie so they get
around it that way.
But I remember a day and time when Sony sold movies right on their store, did they stop
doing that?
I thought they were going to at some point.
I can't remember.
Does Sony still sell stuff directly on their store?
Like you can rent or buy?
I thought they I thought they were going to stop, but I feel like they still do.
So that might be how they get around it is you're not streaming it.
You're renting it.
As you can do with Sony stores since the PlayStation three days.
Fifth Dream does point out, I've got 5G with no campus, my home Internet, and I'm in a
tiny town.
Mike Deaf says, don't we all already have 5G because we got the vaccine?
I wish that were the case.
And wants to point out, it's a joke, OK?
It's a joke.
But it was funny.
I like that.
Let's see.
As Joe points out, Marvel had a deal with Netflix for the Marvel shows.
I would like Jessica Jones and those.
But when Disney Plus came along, they let those streaming deals on those shows licenses
run out before putting them on Disney Plus.
So anyway, it'll be interesting to see what picks up with this.
I wonder if it will be true that we will see it this week.
I guess stay tuned and find out.
So we might be talking about this again next week when we have some facts.
But until then, let's talk about the facts of our gaming weeks and the types of things
that we've been playing this week.
I will go to Dark Sakura first.
How was your gaming week?
It was it was pretty eventful.
I in struggling mightily, I managed to get all of the killer adepts for Dead by Daylight.
Some of them surprisingly quickly.
I was super worried about getting Deathslinger because, well, he's pretty difficult for me
to play effectively.
And I got his adept on I played two games with him and got it on the first game.
And so and then I got Bubba by basically playing super sweaty.
But I was tired of him and I got him on Larry's of all of all site of all levels.
So yay me and and then I finished Chrono Trigger.
And I had that pull up on if I was going to do all the endings or if I was going to start
a new game.
So I just put it up a poll and apparently it will start a new game.
So I put up three options.
I put up Star Ocean.
I put up Terranigma and I put up Seiken Densetsu 3 or Trials of Mana.
And so Seiken Densetsu 3 won.
And so I started that one last night.
And booed at that because I voted for Terranigma and I was the first person to vote in that
poll.
Thank you very much.
I took a screenshot and sent it to you and said, close it.
I can't close it.
It doesn't let you close it.
I know.
But come on.
So but at any rate, the people have spoken, it was a pretty big margin.
But that means that I'll be doing my next one to vote between Star Ocean and Terranigma
and I'll probably will do Terranigma next.
I just have to get and I'm not going to do everybody's playthrough for Seiken Densetsu
3.
I'm just doing Angela's playthrough just because Angela is absolutely ridiculous.
And then yeah, that's that's really it.
I also I've been trying to find a way to to get a version of Paprium, which I don't know
if you know what Paprium is, but it's a fairly recent Sega Mega Drive slash Genesis release.
But that it was it has like all these extra chips built into the the cartridge and everything.
And it's this crazy cyberpunk beat them up.
That sometimes works.
It's had problems at a pretty long Kickstarter for it too.
And some of the reviews out there are not super favorable as far as the the way it's
been working or some of the glitching that's been going on in it.
But I really I still really want to want to play it.
So I'm working on trying to get my hands on a copy of Paprium one way or another.
Bobby, I was just gonna say real quick, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I considered streaming
the Live Alive SNES ROM, not trying to step on Jamie's toes, though.
Well, I mean, that wasn't one of the options.
And plus, as a streamer, like you're you're going to have to step on toes.
There's only so many hours in the day and a lot of people that want to stream.
So I wouldn't I wouldn't worry about that too much.
Like, you know, play what's fun.
On top of that, though, I am streaming games that I own.
So there's that.
To get to get out of that legal gray area.
Yeah, I get it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
My my copy of Seiken Densetsu 3 is somewhere.
And I probably actually I think I still need to read to get myself another copy of Terranigma
because I don't know what happened to my cartridge.
I wonder if they're easy to acquire.
I don't think they are.
It might be a hard one.
Yeah, I just and I know we've got we've got.
If all else fails, you know, I do also, though, have Mother 3 and I might play a translated
Mother 3, but it it depends.
So but anyway, that's a that's my gaming week.
Oh, and we had a crap load of pinball happening while I was trying to stream on Thursday.
We hosted Pinball League.
Oh, wow.
A lot of people in my house, it was loud and thank God for noise canceling headphones.
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you.
How is your gaming week?
It's more Minecraft, as usual, you know, so I was doing a lot of video editing this week.
I put out another episode of the Deep Dark World, which is doing all right.
The first one's got a thousand views on it now, which is great.
Second one, not as much, but, you know, it's fine.
And then just working on my new NerdCraft episode right now, building a copper, a big
copper farm.
So.
Yeah, it's been a lot of fun.
Excellent.
Well, good luck on your next video.
Look forward to seeing it.
Let's see my gaming week, honestly, not super exciting because I had a show last night.
That's why I guess I'm not I'm turned the wrong way, but this is a very kind gift for
my friend Genevieve, who came to the show last night, these flowers behind me.
So we did we did a live stage production of the movie Clue, which is my favorite movie
of all time.
And I kept it kind of coy and under wraps.
I had a surprise role in the in the production.
I played Yvette, the maid, in the Clue production.
And it was a lot of fun.
We madame?
We madame.
I just want to powder my nose.
So yeah, that was it was a lot of fun.
Like the cast was amazing.
And am I saying that just because I worked with them for all these rehearsals for a one
night show?
They are no.
Well, yes and no.
They are truly an amazing group, really.
And I have to thank one of the other performers who played Miss Scarlet last night, Miss Mars,
is really to thank for my makeup and my wig looking as great as they did because she's
a hairstylist by day.
And she was like, I can probably work with this and really made the look come full circle.
So I'm very thankful to her for that.
And just the whole- Did you feel gorgeous in fishnets?
Yvette doesn't really wear fishnets.
She wears black hosiery.
I thought she wore fishnets for some reason.
Because your traditional French maid look is fishnets.
So it's one of your mind is one of those Mandela effect things where you assume she has them
too.
I'm sorry.
So I had that.
But yeah, I mean, it was fun.
Oh, I also officially like I don't do these drag things very often, but I thought it would
be fun to officially have a drag persona for when I do these things.
And so I officially debuted Dale Satan.
So D-A-Y-L-E-S-A-Y-T-O-N.
And I think most of you can get the joke there.
So Dale Satan is my name when I perform.
But am I going to do that all the time?
No.
It's like a once a year for a funny show thing.
But the show was great.
We had a great time.
Yeah.
Is that isn't chat?
Hey, is that was there.
So ask is that whatever you want to ask about the show?
Yeah.
I would say I am so proud of the tech crew as well, because one of the things that they
came through on that really and I think it might still be on the Instagram story at Amber
Sweet Shadowcast.
They actually rigged a full chandelier out of PVC pipe.
So when a vet shoots the chandelier and it almost falls on top of Colonel Mustard, they
actually had a chandelier that fell like we were at Phantom of the Opera.
It was awesome.
That chandelier got fucking wrecked the second time because it drops again in one of the
endings.
Spoiler alert.
It got fucking wrecked the second time, but it happened.
It was it was pretty great.
Oh, yeah.
Azet is talking about the guard dogs.
OK.
Actually, really funny story about that.
So we have to double up on some roles to make that happen, because it's a very big cast.
So the dog, the cook and the cop were all played by the same person.
And originally and they I think they did the same performance.
They use them, they pronounce.
So I'm going to say they they did the same performance in twenty eighteen.
I think they played the same role, but they use like a dog suit, like I go to like a bed.
What do you the onesies that are Japanese inspired, Kiku Rumi, Kiku Rumi.
That's it.
OK.
It was one of those, but a dog.
And so they were going to do that again.
And they were but they were having a hard time with the costume change because you have
to get from the dog to the cook really fast.
So somebody came up with the bright idea, like, oh, I have this dog puppet that would
work great.
And it was it was perfect.
Like it literally looked like triumph, the insult comic doc.
And so the dog.
So they would just poke the dog hand out of the thing, go bark, bark, bark, bark, bark.
It was so fucking funny.
Like that's the thing about that show.
It's this movie is like thirty five years old.
It's getting really old, OK?
But like, it's still so funny every time I watch it.
And just these little things that we were doing with the live performance to make it
even funnier, like, you know, having a dude play a vet and having, you know, a puppet
dog play the barking dogs that scare Mr. Body were just were just great.
And I have to really compliment the person I'm sorry, I will get to video games.
I just have to compliment our guy that played Mr. Body.
He was so over the top sleazeball and did so good in the role that we thought, wouldn't
it be funny if he also played the singing telegram girl?
And so he did.
And of course, played them completely different and like had these little like sparkling booty
shorts for the end.
Of course, the telegram girl scene always gets huge applause, huge applause.
But it was it was the loudest this time I've ever heard it.
It was great.
I had so much fun.
I really want them to do the show again.
But it's probably going to be a show that's on a two year cycle.
It's just it's such an ordeal to put on.
It's harder than Rocky Horror, especially from a tech perspective.
So anyway.
All right.
So as you can see, I can talk about that because that was my week, basically.
But I did try to get in some games.
I've still been playing Final Fantasy 14.
I'm still playing Death by Daylight.
Like maybe I'm not streaming a lot like Dark Sakura, but I still play quite a bit.
I still love Sadako as a killer.
I've been getting bullied on her, but I don't care.
Like I've been playing around with new builds.
I have this build I really like where you use the add on that when the survivors heal
each other, they transfer corruption to each other.
And then you use the video add ons that they gain.
That's like the ocean one, right?
That just shows her eyeball.
No, it's a no, no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The yellow add on is that.
Yes.
So.
Yeah.
So that's a fun build.
So I like and then I just warp around to TVs to intentionally give people corruption.
And it works pretty well.
So there's that.
And then I got my survivor to 50.
I played her in Gideon's and that was an interesting experience.
I always get fucking mid which with her and I don't know what it is.
I either get the corn actually, I've only had the corn with her.
And then I had Gideon's and that was actually pretty funny and Gideon's because you can
use it to go upstairs and downstairs quickly.
The Yeah.
Is that is that the saw map?
Is that the same thing?
Yeah.
The game?
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because I was about to say that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Kind of makes me miss Hawkins a little bit.
The only other game that I really played a little bit of and I didn't actually play the
game.
I played the demo.
So full disclosure.
I played the stranger paradise final fantasy demo.
Finally.
Like I was like, Oh, I need to get around.
I played this.
I downloaded it on series X and I played it.
And I got to admit the first five minutes, 10 minutes when I was going through the tutorial,
I was like, I hate this.
I really hate this.
Like I do not like this at all, but like, and it's something about the battles where
I'm just like this battle is yeah.
It's DJ Rama S says in chat, the controls are God awful.
Yes, they are.
But when I was able to get away from playing the swords class and play the, I don't know
if it's supposed to be like the pugilist or whatever, but you basically have the double
knives much better.
And then I got the mage unlocked much, much better playing that.
So I did have fun playing the other jobs.
So I haven't gotten the whole way through the demo yet somehow.
I know I've just been playing like a little bit.
I still don't love the battles, but I'm trying to see if it grows on me.
I don't think it's going to $60 grow on me, but I think it might like $40 grow on me.
We'll see.
Quest Buster says Rob hates chaos.
Okay.
When those that have played the full game, tell me, is the demo literally the opening
of the full game?
Because like there's these things where he's just like, I swear to God, this is the plot.
I got to kill chaos.
I don't know why, but I just woke up and I had a vision that I have to kill chaos.
What?
You guys have to kill chaos too?
Then we got to go kill chaos together.
Like that is literally the plot of the game.
And I'm like, is, is that like all the exposition you actually get?
Because in some ways, like how fucking terrible, but in other ways it's like, it's so bad.
It's kind of good.
I'm like, is this a cleverly written parody about the story in 1980s video games and how
there wasn't a lot of expedition exposition?
And why are we killing this bad guy?
Just because we feel like we have to bio shock twist, like what spoiler alert for a decade
old game?
Like what, what, what is going on here?
Like Bobby Black Wolf says, I mean, it is a retelling of final fantasy one.
I thought, yeah, that's why I was like, okay, is this just like a clever commentary on what
we were told to do in video games in 1987?
Fifth Dream in chat says, Rob just summed up 90% of the reviews of this game.
It's terrible.
It's great.
Wait, what is it?
Final fantasy origins, straight strangers of paradise.
Oh that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't even know the actual name.
Yes.
It's team it's made by team Ninja because I was ready to say, Oh, this is very clearly
done in final fantasy 15s engine, but I guess not because team Ninja did it and I don't
know why they would have that engine.
So I was like expect better of team Ninja.
Do we though?
Cause sometimes they miss the mark there.
A lot of people really hated Metroid other M too.
I didn't hate it as much as other people did, but I feel like team Ninja does some
controversial stuff sometimes.
So so let's see quest Buster and expect better of them.
Quest Buster and chat says Rob's take is pretty accurate from the streamers.
I've watched play the game.
The story is whacked, but this gameplay is really good.
I will say I saw a cut scene like spoiler alert, but is it really when the story is
like this?
Is it really like I saw this cut scene where like this boss is trying to introduce them
himself.
And he's like, I am lick the God of chaos.
And the guy goes, I don't give a fuck who you are and jumps up and tries to punch him
in the face.
And then gets like bunched back.
And I'm like, this is so ridiculous.
Like I just, that would totally be me as a hero.
It's like, did I ask who you were?
I don't care.
Get them away.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says, I just, Bobby Blackwell says, I just felt because I never played a
souls game.
I wasn't feeling the gameplay.
Good news.
There's a full on Bobby Blackwell mode.
Like there's not only like casual difficulty, which is what I'm playing on, but then there's
like easy casual on top of that, which I didn't even turn on, but Bobby, you could, and nobody's
going to judge you.
Nobody's going to know.
Um, where like you just, you don't even like, I think your, your, uh, counter your, uh,
party members never die in that mode.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, Bobby says it plays like a souls game.
Yeah.
It still does.
It still does.
I'll do that.
Dark soccer.
I, the demos free.
You might want to consider just giving it a go for the laughs.
Um, uh, oh wait.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
You don't have a PS five or an Xbox series X, huh?
And I don't think it's not, it's probably not on Stadia.
I think it is on PC, but not Stadia.
So I'll look at Stadia and there's actually a big, um, petition out to try to get, uh,
um, Elden ring on, uh, on Stadia.
I saw that and I would have signed it except I don't sign anything from change.org because
once you do it, you get 50,000 fucking emails from them and you have to like unsubscribe
several times before they'll believe you.
Yeah.
The mailing list sacred Jade and chat says squares, triple a game quality has suffered
a lot in the last few years.
I'm not going to disagree.
I do want to remind this is, this is really a team Ninja game under, you know, but ultimately
I guess square really kind of publishes it.
Um, however, I choke about GP, which I think was on our list for last week when we didn't
get around to it.
Obviously choke about GP has not been faring so great either.
And a lot of it has to do with the way they built the microtransaction system in that
game, which is a little bit poopy.
Caca.
So, um, yeah, I did play, I would have talked about that during my gaming week last week
because I did play the demo for that.
I wasn't convinced to buy the full game.
And that really says something considering like I loved chocobo racing on PS one.
I'll defend that game.
And honestly playing chocobo GP made me go, okay, is this a Rose colored glasses thing?
It has to be right.
I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
That was it for our gaming weeks.
Let's move on and get, okay.
Mike deaf says you're not the only one Rob.
Yeah.
So I know there's, there's other people that feel the same way I do.
It's just very disappointing.
All right.
We have more gaming news to get into because we missed the news last week.
Let's get into it.
What is going on in the gaming world?
Loki?
Well, since you were speaking about chocobo GP, uh, let's talk about Gran Turismo seven,
which also has horrible, um, microtransactions in their game.
And so because of that, people aren't happy that a lot of the cars are only available
if you purchase them through, um, this store.
And apparently you can grind the currency in game, but obviously they made it really
grindy because they want you to buy the currency, the buy it, you know?
Uh, so the, the game has a score of 2.5 on Metacritic and, uh, obviously it's kind of
getting back up, but you know, the point is that it's, uh, it's unnecessarily grindy.
There's no very, not a lot of variation in the races.
And it's just unfortunate that they don't get to have all the cars.
That's why, I mean, like, was it not even like a week ago, there was a report about
folks, um, creating a like script in like you, if you play remote play on your PC, there's
a script that you can run that basically AFK grinds it for you.
And that, you know, Sony wasn't happy about that.
Well, don't make your games a damn grindy then.
Um, and Sony apparently, or I should say polyphony, uh, digital will actually update the PlayStation
four and PlayStation five versions of the game.
Um, thanks to fan feedback, they've also given out 1 million free credits to each player.
That's been affected by that.
Um, and basically said, no, Hey, thank you for the continued support and feedback on
grantor was seven.
Your voices have not gone unheard.
Um, and they would apologize for the frustration and confusion it caused by their patch, uh,
last week or last updates, which resulted in, oh, and I forgot to mention another reason
probably why that's been review bombed.
It's, um, a game that has to be connected online all the time, even in single player.
And so it was unplayable for a few days because Sony's services were down thanks to a DDoS
attack.
Um, and so, you know, not only was there the service outage, but they're adjusting the
in-game economy, um, or they made adjustments to the in-game economy, which would made without
clear explanation.
So did they make it worse with a patch?
Um, I don't know.
That sounds horrible, but they're going to be doing a lot of different things to fix it.
I just don't understand how they didn't know this was happening.
Also, this was a game they charged $70 for on PlayStation five.
So, you know,
the whole money grabbing thing is disgusting.
What happened to just making a game?
Uh, Fortnite happened.
And what I mean by that is that this is, this is loot box 2022.
Now it's the season passes.
It was rhetorical.
But, but it's, it's worse though.
And then I get it that Fortnite happened in Fortnite is a free to play game.
The problem is these guys want, you know, money on both ends.
You know, usually it used to be like, Hey, you pay for a game up front.
You get the full game and that's that, or you have a free to play game and there's
microtransactions in it because obviously they need money in order to run the game.
But now these AAA studios figured out, Hey, we can, we can basically charge up
front for this game and we can also charge microtransactions for additional things.
Or, Hey, we can do this and we can design a game that be even grindier than it needs
to be to push people into the microtransactions it's just, it's greed
and, and it will eventually, you know, bite them in the butt, but
well, it is look at the reception here.
Look at the reception with chocobo GP, how many, like how many
thousands of copies of this thing?
I mean, they it's, it's chocobo GP.
Like, I don't, no, one's learning a lesson.
All they've learned is to like dial it back a little bit.
You know, we'll just, we'll push it until they start complaining.
We'll dial it back.
They'll look at, Oh, look at how much better this game is because they dial it
back and then they slowly move it back up again.
You know, what's interesting, you know, a game that gets away with this charging for
the game and then charge pay a debit daylight.
It does it.
They have their, their season passes in there.
I think maybe part of the reason they're able to get away with it is twofold.
One, even though, yes, it is like a $20 game.
It's a $20 game, so it's not 60, but they also, they give it away so often.
Like it was an Epic giveaway recently.
It's on Xbox game pass.
So they give it all away.
Awesome.
They give it away because they make most of their money in microtransactions.
Exactly.
No, but the other thing too, though, is that when you buy the, the season, you,
it's not like you have to renew it and you don't have to buy it to get full
enjoyment out of the game.
That's true.
You don't have to, it's, it's cosmic.
It really is cosmetics only.
They don't get any of the content behind it.
So I guess maybe there is that.
I'm referring to buying killers and survivors, which now survivors cosmetic,
except for some of them are noisy than others, Jill Valentine.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Um, but I mean, I think the only actual value you get of buying anybody is going
to be for the killers because the killers are all going to have different power
sets, but then, you know, there's me who is a fashion whore and the only reason
that my survivors exist is for, to put pretty clothes on them and I will, I'll
buy outfits.
I am, I am part of the problem in that.
Well, I was going to say too, I'm like certain survivor talents are kind of
mandatory, but the, the, the one that is like, you can get them in the shrine
sometimes, sometimes rarely if you're lucky, but I was going to say bill borrow
time is the only one I think of that's like a mandatory talent and bill out of
the, um, out of the store, the shrine during the five-year anniversary event.
So it's available like one week out of the year.
No, I got it before that.
And, and, and Dead Hard was available that way too.
So, and to go back to like the, the Gran Turismo 7 thing.
So here's the other shady thing about it is they altered the microtransactions
and how grindy it was after the reviews came out.
Yeah, that's the other thing is that you've, a lot of the, that Chocobo GP
had that too, not to keep harping on that, but it is a recent example.
A lot of that didn't show itself until after the reviews were coming out.
You can't trust reviews anymore and not the reviewer's fault for a change.
It's not that you can trust reviews.
Yeah, you just can't trust AAA studios anymore.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Well, speaking of changes, um, another game is having some controversial
changes, but of a different sort.
Um, this is Pokemon Go, which, you know, I've talked about, I've played quite
a bit and, um, I just, I actually went on an hour walk today and I played a
bit of Pokemon Go while I was out.
Um, and, um, yeah, Pokemon Go talked about this week, their latest community day.
Uh, community day is coming back for April.
It's been around this whole time, even during the pandemic.
Um, but they're doing the stuffle is the Pokemon that's coming out.
This is new because this is the first time they're doing a community day for
a Pokemon that has yet to be released.
So, you know, they're just now getting into the, um, Alolan Pokemon,
the Pokemon from a Pokemon X and Y.
So this will be stuffles debut in the game.
And it's a very cute little pink bear.
So a lot of people want to get it fine.
I think a lot of people are excited about the choice, but with this, they are
reverting community days back to three hours, community days used to be a six
hour window during the pandemic.
And now they are reverting as they have started to revert other pre pandemic
change or other pandemic changes back to their pre pandemic state.
Um, there are other things that they have done.
Uh, the incense change has been highly controversial.
Uh, what happened during the pandemic, they made incense change so that you
would get one Pokemon a minute, and now it's back to a Pokemon every five minutes.
What I notice a lot of people don't report on with that.
And I think to be fair to Niantic, that's if you're stationary.
If you're moving, you spawn way more of them.
So you do have to be moving and the incense will, and not everybody's
reporting that.
And I think, you know, no matter how you feel about the issue, you got to
debate it with all the facts.
And so they do spawn more if you're moving.
Um, and then of course the, the change in the hours for Pokemon go community
day is not very popular.
Um, you know, I don't like it when a community day is a Sundays from two to
five, cause then I can't really do them because of this show.
Um, so, you know, the whole point is just to squeeze people into buying
microtransactions.
That's what it is because they're trying to feed the FOMO of these players that
want this thing.
And they're like, well, there's not a lot of time, you know, to get all the
Pokemon that you want.
So they're going to try to push you into the incense and push you into whatever
that you want to, you know, pay for to be able to get it quicker.
And so that's really what it is.
They're squeezing players for more money because they're probably not making as
much money.
Now that people have gone back to work and are, you know, doing that type of
stuff.
And so I had a great solution to that.
I just stopped playing.
Yeah.
Ultimately, if you're that upset about it, that's the only thing that's going to
talk is to stop playing.
Um, I, I, I just, yeah, I, I don't love the three hour windows.
I also don't love that.
They're trying to say, are players voice that this is what they want to happen
because this is to get everybody out in the community together and all this.
And I'm just kind of like shifting blame to somebody else.
You're sorry.
I, I would, I would agree.
You mean people who work for Niantic that also play the game?
I would, I would agree with the part of the statistic where probably people were
only playing for three hours during that six hour window, but they were playing at
a time that worked for them.
And what's it going to hurt?
Who cares?
Yeah.
What's it hurting then?
Like you're not like flipping a server.
You're not popping on another server or something like that to get this Pokemon
out.
It's just, it's a thing in a game.
You're flipping a digital switch.
You're, you're doing this to push people into microtransactions.
That is why you're shortening the window.
In my opinion, every community day should be modeled after what they do in December,
where it's all weekend long that you have the increased spawn and then maybe your triple
XP and Stardust and those sorts of bonuses are limited to a window.
Fine.
But at least the people aren't missing out on the Pokemon or worse, the special move
that Pokemon only get during those times because they can't play during a certain window.
I think there's gotta be an answer in there somewhere.
Now, as far as the incense things goes,
I think Niantic's biggest issue there was with communication because playing other big
shock, right?
Because playing other Niantic games like Ingress, there's been a very different tone to the
communications about the pandemic changes.
And that is that every three months or every month, even they're coming out and saying
on a quarterly basis, we are reviewing these changes and we will re look and see when we're
going to reverse these basically.
And they basically list out this, this, this, and this.
So they what they've done differently, in my opinion, is they have never set an expectation
that these changes are going to be permanent.
When they did these changes and Pokemon go much different tone, they set the expectation
these changes will be permanent.
And now the fan base is holding them accountable for that.
Whereas an Ingress, they would be permanent.
They never got that impression.
Yeah, they said they said it in that original when I remember because it was the 80 meter
distance thing specifically and they got called the fuck out on that and they had to revert
it back.
It was that.
So with the with the whole incense thing, I understand that Niantic's whole thing is
they are trying to build games where you need to go out in the real world and explore parks,
explore areas and all this stuff.
So I get why they're doing that type of change.
I think they should have communicated a lot sooner and a lot better that these changes
were always temporary.
However, and this is a big however, there's still a larger conversation to be had about
map in that game, the map updates and how Pokemon spawn, because I'm pretty sure how
the Pokemon spawn is based off of an Ingress algorithm about how the Ingress XM spawns.
I'm almost positive Pokemon spawn more more densely in areas that are densely populated
with XM and Ingress, which is populated off of map data that is 10 years old.
It's as old as the I am not talking about what the lines on the ground look like with
the streets and everything.
That's old, too, because that all comes off the open street map and Pokemon Go pulls that
maybe once a year.
All I know is that the park closest to where I live now doesn't exist in Pokemon Go.
And that park has existed in open street maps for like two years.
So I think Pokemon needs to be pulling in map data a little more frequently, but including
the spawn points.
What I'm trying to get to with Ingress is that like the population data that drives
the score in Ingress has not been updated in 10 years.
So, for example, a neighborhood here in the Sacramento area, Anatolia, you guys would
know where that is.
That's a new development out like sunrise and 50.
Okay.
If you were to field all of Anatolia, you'll get maybe 30 MU, meaning the map data thinks
that 30 people live in that area, because when it was rural, there probably were 30
people that lived in that area.
But now there are thousands of people that live in that area.
I'm illustrating that because that is the old map data that's causing Pokemon spawns
to be stupid as well.
And so I think Niantic needs to solve this problem of more regular map updates so that
people feel like they're not seeing Pokemon when they go out and walk around, which is
a very real issue.
Anatolia has been there for like, how many years now?
A part of it has, but it's gotten bigger.
In at least like 5 to 10 years.
Yeah, but it's gotten a lot bigger too.
But Ingress is a 10 year old game, and that population data has literally never been updated.
So Mike Def says the map actually got updated recently, but it's an area by area basis,
but not the part I'm talking about.
If you play Ingress and field new areas, you'll know exactly what I mean.
And I'm telling you, everything that powers Pokemon go came out of Ingress.
So there's one for one there.
So anyway, SSG100Matt says there are times where Niantic gets on a moral high horse.
They really want to stand on this high ground that our game is about moving around and we
want to reward you for the moving around because exercise.
Same thing happened when they cut the stop gym distance and they got rid of the 80 meter
radius.
People got upset about that and they had to reverse it.
What does that say for people with disabilities?
It's that people with disabilities can't move.
Ever.
Yeah, they're completely excluding an entire group of players who were probably thriving
on having the COVID restrictions because it put them on more equal footing with other
players.
I would argue that there are a lot of games that exclude.
I mean, what if somebody is blind?
What if somebody is, you know, we've talked to people on this show that can't play certain
games because they're blind.
It is very hard to make a game that is accessible to 100% of the population.
And it sucks.
But that's, you know, and so the more we can do to make games accessible, then great.
But I understand that the backbone of the game is being out and moving around and plenty
of differently abled people can still get out and move around unless you are completely
in a bedridden type of situation.
But I think it's interesting that there isn't like an offline version of Pokemon Go because
I would have thought they would have made a lot of money off of that at this point.
But to be determined, I suppose.
SG100 Mountain Chat says having six hour community days doesn't break the game.
Having certain shiny rates at specific times doesn't break the game.
Just be flexible with the community.
That's all folks are asking.
Yeah, I think that there should be a little more choice into, like, when you want to play
that three hour window.
And we know they can do phased events because that's what powers these virtual
Go Fest and things like that.
So anyway.
All right, let's move on and talk about other old school franchises.
Dark Sakura.
Well, I'm sure that people who know their video game history are going to know what
Colossal Cave Adventure is, right?
It was a 1976 text adventure game, and it's actually being ported to a VR version by the
founders of Sierra.
That's Roberta and Ken Williams.
They're doing this basically.
Now, again, these are also the people that made, you know, King's Quest and Phantasmagoria,
you know, basically like just the classics of our early gaming.
But they're wanting to do a kind of like a real walking through adventure.
Their new company is Cygnus Entertainment, and they have 12 full time employees working
on the game, and they're not sure if they're going to do future games under Cygnus or if
it's just going to be Colossal Cave 3D as the one, you know, the one time attempt.
But looking at the trailer for it, it's actually really, really pretty.
And it has like different elements from, you know, from the text adventure, but you're
going around and actually working on it.
So I think it's pretty, pretty neat.
Now, I can't do VR at all.
I mean, I could, but I will not.
But looking at the trailer for it, it really seems like it's going to be, you know, just
a complete full circle.
You know, they've actually got on this thing that I'm reading, they're actually showing
the text adventure running on a PDP, an old computer anyway.
I don't remember the full model of it, but it's really just come a long way.
I think that it's really awesome that they're doing that.
Yeah, it's interesting because, you know, I get VR, like I have enjoyed it, you know,
with things like Beat Saber, but I think there's a lot of VR stuff that just feels kind of
like they're just shoving it in there because VR is like the cool new kid on the block.
That being said, I'm very curious for Ken and Roberta Williams take on this because,
again, these are folks that have been out of the industry for some time and been out
traveling the world until they couldn't do that anymore.
So I feel like it's an interesting, refreshing new take on this.
And for whatever reason, they really feel like, you know, VR is the path for their game.
And so it's interesting because it's a new take from a familiar place.
And, you know, Ken and Roberta Williams were the very first that did a graphical
the murder, I can't remember the name of the game, Murder House or whatever it was called.
That first game that they did was like the first mystery house, the first graphical
game that there was in an adventure sense.
So it'd be interesting to see what their take is on VR.
Mystery Quest.
Mystery Quest?
I thought it was something about a house.
OK, but that's whatever.
Well, there's also Mystery House, which is that current game that's out or Murder House
or whatever.
Yeah, that's it's like meant to look like an old ass game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So so I'm curious to see their take.
Sierra also published like Leisure Suit Larry and Half Life.
So I mean, yeah.
Mystery House.
OK, that was at the first Sierra game in 1980.
OK, that was that was the one where it was like in the first like graphics.
And I think Ken programmed it and Roberto wrote it, if I'm not mistaking.
So, yeah, kind of anyway.
But my point is, I'm just curious to see what, you know, grandpas take.
And I mean that as a compliment.
Their take on this is for VR.
The only problem is I'm not buying an Oculus device to play it.
So I'll just have to hear about it through others and see, you know, the footage and
things like that or maybe play when I go to a friend's house.
I don't know.
But I it's going to take me a lot, a lot to support Metta and the VR thing.
I really don't want to be bothered with it.
So as long as that game remains exclusive to that, I guess I just have to hear about
it second hand.
So.
All right.
Anyway.
Yeah.
And Bobby says nobody's buying an Oculus device now.
They're Metta devices.
Yeah.
But we all know how I feel about.
Do I believe that company deserves to be called that?
You know, I'm going to they're lucky I talk about them at all, to be quite honest.
All right.
Moving on.
Something something a little different.
Logie.
Yeah, we're never going to call them that.
Sorry.
You know, that's just the way it is.
So.
Cyberpunk was a game that's been kind of rocky and they've been patching it and stuff.
But now that cyberpunk is kind of.
In like kind of a holding pattern right now, it's time to start thinking about the next
Witcher game and CD Projekt Red has actually teased that there is the Witcher a new saga
begins that's being worked on on Unreal five as opposed to their own red engine.
And you know, it's not necessarily they haven't really just said when it's coming out or
any details aside from a brief teaser.
But we do know that they have promised pinky promised that they're not going to be crunching
this time, despite the fact that last time they crunched.
So they're promising, though, that they're not going to crunch their teams, but.
It's coming at some point.
I also find the news about their switch to Unreal five kind of interesting is it's
kind of like, are they trying to say that?
Because I feel like there's almost a similar battle going on at EA and the Frostbite engine.
And like, you know, more companies are starting to be like, and maybe we should walk away
from our proprietary engines and just go with the industry standard unreal because it keeps
games on track.
You know what I mean?
Like, I guess it makes it easier to bring an outside talent to I don't know.
Yeah, it might be easier for outside talent.
You don't need to have so many, you know, designers working on the engine itself.
You can just kind of, you know, add stuff to it, but not necessarily have to design
it from scratch.
Plus, it's probably their red engine is probably getting pretty old anyways, and they're
probably getting to the point where, OK, we need to update this for what we want to do
with the Witcher.
And, you know, let's say it's a few years out or whatever.
I mean, it's just probably easier just to have somebody else working on the engine instead
of them working on the engine.
So, yeah, yeah, maybe that's what led to some of the cyberpunk issues, you know, with all
the honestly, maybe.
And that's kind of why I think that part of it is almost I mean, the news that they're
working on a new Witcher game, I mean, of course, but the news is going to be unreal
instead.
I think that's the very interesting part out of that quest buster in chat says the medallion
buried in snow in the teaser image appears to be that of the Lynx, another Witcher school
with ties to a new world kind of continent.
So I mean, we might get a sense there, a hint about where the story is going.
It'll be interesting.
I'll also be interested to see how it might tie into the very popular Netflix series,
which, you know, obviously is to thank, I think, a little bit for a lot of the Witcher's
success.
I mean, it's been mutually beneficial, the game and the Netflix show.
And yes, I know it's all based on a book to begin with.
So it's interesting.
All right, moving on, let's talk about something that's coming back for next summer, because
last week we talked a little bit.
I know it wasn't on the podcast, but the story we did talk about was that the EA thing was
not going to be coming back next summer.
And it kind of led to a wider discussion on is E3 even going to come back?
And I'm pretty sure the answer is no at this point.
But what is going to come back?
Valve's Steam Next Fest is going to be coming on June 13th and June 20th.
And now to point out, there was just a spring version of this that just so it's not like
it's a once a year thing, but it's interesting in particular that week that they chose is
right around the time there would be an E3 type of thing and that they're already hyping
it getting underway at one o'clock Eastern on June 13th through June 20th.
They are saying hundreds of game demos will be available for folks to check out live streams
featuring teams working on titles.
But we don't know exactly what games, of course, are going to be featured as of yet.
We just know that past versions featured Sable, Toem, The Wandering Village, and so forth.
And I think this is very interesting because the story I'm looking at says the timing of
this means it will likely overlap with this year's E3.
While the Entertainment Software Association has yet to set a date for the annual conference,
it has historically taken place in early to mid June.
Well, I've got news, but it was last year.
Yeah, I've got news for the news guy.
There's not going to be an E3 this year.
I mean, sure, it's not official yet.
So I could get proven wrong.
Fine.
It wouldn't be the first time, but we're literally 10 weeks out, right?
We're coming up on April.
Next week is going to be the first week of April, and we're talking mid June, two and
a half months.
There's not going to be any three this year.
Come on.
And now EA just canceled their event.
Why did they do that?
There's not going to be any three next to it.
Anyway, let's move on to our Sacro.
Well, you know, April is also, you know, my entire birthday.
It took a whole month for me to be born.
The entire month is how we celebrate your birthday.
Yes, you make it extend for the whole period.
Yes.
So as reported by the New York Times, Netflix is buying another video game studio to expand
their own fledgling video game services.
They announced this past Thursday that they were buying Boss Fight Entertainment.
It's a small studio based in Allen, Texas.
They are a mobile game developer with 130 employees, and they also have bought one called
Night School in September, and they also bought Next Games.
They didn't say how much they paid for it.
But with bringing in all of these smaller studios, you know, a bunch of small things
can make up something pretty big.
But the thing is, is that they're having to play a major catch-up game behind Google and
Amazon.
And now, you know, Amazon Luna is, I think, still in beta.
I actually have a Luna account, but I mean, they're really trying to push into it.
We'll see what they can do.
I mean, I don't have a lot of hope at first, but then again, I love Stadia, so who knows?
Yeah, I feel like Netflix is really trying to find its place at this table.
And it's interesting because we see video games trying to find their space in the cloud.
And now we see the cloud success story in the movie department anyway, trying to find
its place in the cloud.
And I feel like that is not going so smoothly, but acquisitions like this will probably help
move them in the right direction.
So we'll see.
It's certainly interesting that this is the path that they're choosing to go as opposed
to expanding, you know, organically their own numbers.
Stu and Hunter Matt in chat says, I wonder what the next three years will look like when
Netflix games.
I wonder what the next three years are going to look like for the service.
They've been losing a lot of stuff, but they still manage to keep a lot of shows that people
are talking about.
Like what Bridgerton is kind of the big thing right now.
So a Stranger Things will be back at some point, which even I like that one.
So I don't watch a lot of TV.
I'll watch that.
So maybe they do have some things still going for it.
Pretty good.
All right.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
So.
All right.
I'm still, I don't know.
I get a little bit irritated thinking about it.
How so?
Just in general, I would really, I think that, I just think that they're coming in too late
to a game, to a game, huh?
That's been pioneered by people who are better prepared for it.
I think that, and to kind of bring things back full circle, the top of the show, I think
that's a lot of concern people have about Sony and that game pass model is that they're
showing up late to a party that they should have been at a long time ago.
But I don't know.
This isn't fashionably late.
This is, oh, you're cleaning up the cheese dip.
I'm sorry.
But Bobby does make a point in chat.
It's not always about who's first.
It's about who does it the best.
That's certainly the case when it comes to a lot of stuff.
So we'll see.
I just don't know if Netflix has, I don't know.
I feel like Netflix should stick at what they're good at.
And that's original programming and canceling shows before their prime.
But anyway, all right, let's move on.
Logie.
So this is kind of interesting.
There's been some folks, Harbor Masters, who are developers that designed a kind of a weird
like shell that plays Ocarina of Time on PC.
So basically, they're trying to get around a takedown notice from Nintendo.
So what they've done is they basically fans have reverse engineered the code from Ocarina
of Time and to see.
And so they've been able to port it to the PC.
But in order to play this, you actually have to have us.
It reads the code from a separate ROM file to kind of think of almost like a ROM patch
or something like that, except it's not actually patching the ROM.
It's just reading the ROM separately.
I guess I'd almost be like an emulator, but you can't include the BIOS or codes because
that's what's copyrighted type of thing.
I don't know.
But anyway, so now Ocarina of Time is available to play on PC, assuming you have the ROM
ROM, and it supports different mods as well, including like HD models, texture packs, online
play, Linux and Mac support, stuff like that.
Ultra wide, if you want to do that.
This is fascinating to me that this hasn't been yanked by Nintendo somehow yet.
And the way that I mean, yes, I completely heard what you said about how it works and
the fact that like it doesn't actually have a ROM in it so that there's no actual assets
in it.
Although wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
People know before people know where to find them.
You know, it's just it's just interesting that it creates a legal quandary for Nintendo
as to can they shut it down?
I will try.
They're probably going to try.
They're going to have to do it anyways, because they're a big company.
And if it's a small individual, what are they going to do?
Counter Sue all the money to do that.
Nintendo is a big company.
Plus, the problem is right before now it's on the Internet.
You know, and that's at the end of the day, it's on the Internet.
It's always going to be on the Internet.
When I was looking into this before, apparently you also have to have a particular version
of it where it's before it's pre Master Quest mode and also that it has to have a certain
debug version.
For some of the the current stuff to run on it.
Interesting.
I wonder, I bet here's here's the thing I'd be worried about, because I bet there's a
lot of people interested in streaming this.
I bet Nintendo yanks the shit out of those YouTube.
I don't know if they can stop Twitch.
It's a lot harder.
They could probably find a way.
I bet Nintendo starts yanking the shit out of those YouTubes.
We've seen them do that kind of thing before.
I'd be very curious to see.
So but I think but the idea is so cool.
Like I like that all that stuff aside.
I'm like, wow, playing Ocarina of Time, like on a widescreen monitor on the computer is
like, oh, I love that.
Like I it just it just makes you go, gosh, if only Nintendo could do this themselves
for their beloved games, but they don't want to take a clue from the stuff that Valve was
doing before in hiring the people who are making these these things to bring out what
what people actually want, you know, say, oh, these are talented people.
They're already making this happen.
Let's pay them to make it happen and give people what they want.
I'm going to agree with that.
I mean, I understand, you know, Nintendo being a Japanese company, probably the culture's
a little different.
And but I mean, at the end of the day, good business is good business.
And I think Valve built their business on that.
And that's why they're as successful as they are.
So now if only they could count to three.
Fair.
All right.
Well, speaking of Nintendo, lol, just Nintendo things.
Let's talk about the latest update for the switch, because there was a system software
upgrade firmware for the switch.
And it's now up to version 14.0, if you can believe it, which adds groups to the home
page.
It's a folder system.
So finally, you have a way to build folders, excuse me, groups out of all of the games
that you've accumulated on your screen, because most of you probably have so much stuff on
your switch.
Now, it doesn't fit just on one bar, you have to go to that screen where you're looking
at everything on there.
So yeah, so it's led to a lot of people commenting the lol folders late to the party.
But then at the same time, a lot of people are like, but I'm using it.
And like I organized all my games and all that stuff.
So you can make up to 100 groups and you can have up to 200 titles per group.
I can't imagine anyone's going to actually hit that number without them intentionally
trying.
Also, you can only see the all software screen if you have more than 13 software icons.
I find that interesting.
I wonder why they changed that, but okay.
Also, they've updated Bluetooth audio.
You can adjust the volume of Bluetooth audio using either the switch console or your Bluetooth
audio device.
Woohoo for that.
So that's the big Nintendo system update.
And let's see, looking in chat, Mike Def says, For fuck's sake, the Wii U does folders
better.
Sj100Matt says, We got folder and two choices of colors and themes.
Mike Def says, It's something at least, but it should have been better.
And Orange Right says, Better late than never.
I mean, can't Nintendo just change the look of the I mean, they would never do it.
I'm like, can't they just, like, really overhaul the look at the switch interface,
but they would never do it.
Only Microsoft does things that are that nutty.
Like, if you think about the 360 and, like, the radical changes the 360 interface went
through, remember the blades, the initial interface?
It wasn't that bad.
I mean, for its time, it wasn't that bad.
And then they, like, completely redid it.
It looked like a new console when they redid it around the time Kinect came out.
Something else.
All right.
Anyway, let's go back to a simpler time when we weren't so concerned with the interfaces
on the system, because there wasn't any.
You would plug in your cartridge and go.
Not this one.
You've been listening.
Not that one.
Not that button.
That's the wrong button.
That's the button that ends the show.
Let's try.
Game over.
Bye.
Let's try this button instead.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And yes, DarkSakura, like you were saying, this isn't really a pick tonight that is about
an old system.
In fact, this is one of those picks where I'm going, this is 10 years old.
It's honest.
It's 10 years old.
Really?
I can't handle it.
What did you pick?
I picked Mass Effect 3.
Now we've done them all.
It is almost exactly, almost exactly 10 years.
Well, I meant I would have been doing it closer to the 10 year mark, but so it came out on
March 6, 2012.
And it's a action RPG developed by Bioware published by Electronic Arts and it is the
third in the Mass Effect original trilogy.
It's the final one in that it was released for Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
PlayStation, PlayStation 3.
There was a Wii U version entitled Mass Effect 3 Special Edition released in November, 2012.
So the game is set in the Milky Way Galaxy in 2186 and the Reapers are coming.
And this time the Reapers came.
And this time the Reapers came.
You opened the box.
Sorry, wrong game.
Anyway, you can import your save file from Mass Effect 2 and keep going.
It also, instead of some of the previous things that went into Mass Effect 2, this one has
a lot more involved increasing your military strength by completing your missions, gathering
your resources.
And it does have, though, much of the similar gameplay from Mass Effect 2.
Both of those were changed from the first Mass Effect.
You know, you got your cover based shooting and the altered person, things like that.
The multiplayer component, I miss it.
I miss Mass Effect multiplayer so much.
We did a lot of that, Rob.
Remember?
Okay, Rob's gone.
Anyway, it also had a bunch of DLC and some of the DLC was, like, significantly epic.
So at any rate, yeah, and Questbuster, I agree.
Garris has never left my team because Garris.
The voice.
So moving into a little bit more about it.
So, like I said, you can import your game file for Mass Effect 2.
You can go on the Galaxy map and choose where you're going to go.
You've got different quests.
You have side quests.
You have different paths on a tree that you can unlock your skills.
You also have your biotic powers, which are going to be more like telekinesis and shields
and things like that, as long as tech powers as well.
And then there was also an app that you had that you could also contribute to your Galaxy
readiness.
Oh, my God.
I forgot about that.
That was annoying.
And I brought up earlier about multiplayer.
So I'll get back to that in a moment, because I was saying that we played a lot of multiplayer.
I love multiplayer, but continue.
Yeah, but at any rate, so you've got different modes.
You have, like, action story and RPG.
So in action mode, your conversations are all just generic replies.
Story mode, you have manual replies and minimal combat.
RPG mode, you have manual replies and normal combat.
I always just played in story mode because that's why I was playing this for the story.
At any rate, the combat is actually pretty good.
It's real time, but you can sort of have a pause to change your menu or move things around.
You are always playing as Commander Shepard, although Fem Ship is best ship.
And you can go into cover and play with different play styles.
You can melee, you can use biotics, all of that.
Now multiplayer multiplayer was the best.
It was so good.
It was called Galaxy at War, and you could have up to four players to do Horde style
cooperative matches.
And you could also get in-game currency to unlock different items.
You know, I guess loot packs, you know, they did have the in-game transactions, but you
didn't need them.
It wasn't entirely reliant on them.
And then you could also do, for the first year, there were BioWare sponsored challenges
that had special objectives and increased rewards.
And so this isn't accurate because, oh, never mind, never mind.
You can play as all kinds of different sorts of races instead of just playing as Shepard.
You remember I had my Krogan named Rex in effect after the band?
Sorry, I was muted.
Yeah.
And then my Quarian engineer was who I pretty much played all the time.
But it was just really great.
And he had fantastic voice acting in it.
You had, you know, Mark Mirren, Jennifer Hale, both amazing.
You had Kimberly Brooks's Ashley Williams.
I love listening to her voice.
And Freddie Prinze Jr. as Vega.
He was great.
I absolutely loved having him in there.
Of course, you had Seth Green as Joker, Martin Sheen as the Elusive Man.
Aria was Carrie-Anne Moss, just, ugh, what a goddess.
You had Garrus, great voice.
But, I mean, they were just like such a good, oh, and Lance Henriksen as Admiral Hackett,
like really just amazing voice actors.
So anyway, moving forward, as to the development of the game,
the co-lead writer for Mass Effect 2, Mac Walters, was lead writer for Mass Effect 3.
And they just began a short story that went over the major plot points and then moved
high level for there.
And then, you know, they just sort of worked through it very organically from what I'm
seeing on here.
And then they had the different ending sequences that, with the Reapers, they had a lot more
than what we got.
In fact, there was an idea that would have had a Shepard who had been converted by Reaper
Shepard who had been converted by Reaper Tech, or that Saren would have, who was the first
antagonist of the first Mass Effect, would have come back or something, or they would
have actually were having Shepard mimic Saren's story.
The Elusive Man was supposed to be a boss.
Did you know that?
I remember hearing that, yeah.
Which always surprised me he wasn't.
There's actually artwork of it, because I have it in one of the Mass Effect art books
that he was going to turn into this massive Reaper creature, but they scrapped that.
There is some dialogue I think is still in the code that was supposed to refer to that.
They had other ones about dark energy, that the Entropic Effect would end the universe.
So they had other things like that.
And then in November 2011, a private beta of Mass Effect 3 was leaked onto Xbox Live.
And so there were plot points that people were able to access, and it made, it forced
BioWare to change some of the story.
So it was originally designed for consoles that were heading to the end of their lifespans,
and so they worked to optimize the gameplay rather than push the technology ahead.
And then there were of course all the DLC that came out, but I'm going to actually take
a step back and talk about the music.
The music for Mass Effect 2 was a lot more orchestral, where for Mass Effect 3 is a lot
more synthesizer driven, and it ended up being the more likely choice for something
where you're heading into this perhaps technological takeover.
And they did bring back fonts, I think, for the end song for that one, that did the end
song at the first Mass Effect.
This one's one of their, they're a prog rock band.
But also moving forward, it was very heavily marketed, it was very, very looked forward
to.
They also used viral marketing with fictional blogs and a web series called BioWare Pulse.
There were early copies of Mass Effect 3 that were launched into space using weather balloons
and equipped with GPS devices, and fans could track them and recover them when they landed,
which gave them early copies of the game.
There were so many, there were just like that one leak that happened before.
And it actually, this time they promoted the male and female Shepard because FemShep has
fans, and she was there first.
And then they did another one where you could decide what she looks like, and I'm sorry,
I did not care for her face model.
It was not based on a human.
But hacking's gonna hack.
There were mod editors that you could take that makeup look and apply it to a normal
shape of face and just do all kinds of different stuff for it.
You also had different goodies for pre-orders, such as PSN ones were given the M55 Argus
assault weapon and a Mass Effect 3 PlayStation theme.
The release was scheduled for late 2011, but it was moved to March 6, 2012.
It was only released for Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
But then as it came out, there was Mass Effect 3 also, by the way, required Origin to play
on PC.
There's the Wii U version that came out.
And then since then, we've had the remaster, which is Mass Effect Legendary Edition that
came for Windows, PS4, and Xbox One, of which I can only play two and three on my Windows
11 ARM partition.
For some reason, it cannot emulate the architecture for Mass Effect 1 to run properly in it.
So anyone who's on ARM-based machines, I'm going to warn you.
So there was DLC, and there was great DLC.
So the first one was okay.
Oh, and by the way, by the way, let's rewind back.
Actually, we're not going to do it.
We're going to talk about it at the end.
You had From Ashes, where you get Javik as a squad mate, and he was absolutely hilarious.
You had Leviathan that went into the Reaper's Origins.
You had Omega, which was taking Omega back for Aria.
And of course, that's the one that gave us our first female turian.
And then Citadel, which was...
Citadel was like, hi, we've read your fan fiction, pretty much.
I also liked, I don't know if you got this, but the place that the condo that Shepard
was left was called Tiberius Towers.
And Tiberius was the middle name of Captain Kirk.
Yep.
There's also an interactive comic called Genesis 2 that you could play and customize
for just quick setting up your story if you didn't have a game go through.
But Citadel was just, it was a trip.
It was great.
You know that you can actually still buy the, do you say, sushi plate set?
Do you say it was the restaurant where the Citadel thing starts going down?
Anyway, let's talk about the response.
So gameplay got a lot of praise.
It was decided to be really, really good.
There were some bugs, but for the most part, the characters made up for the flaws.
The voice acting was top notch.
The music was great.
Everything overall that went into the game was pretty well received, except the endings.
So the endings for Mass Effect 3 was, no one liked it and by no one I mean most of the
internet.
And so there was an internet campaign called Retake Mass Effect to demand better ending
to the game.
And part of that included a charity drive for Child's Play.
So some good from that.
The public outcry basically even had responses from the Better Business Bureau and Federal
Trade Commission and the advertising standards authority to whether or not BioWare had engaged
in false advertising and misled the customers.
So on April 5th, 2012, BioWare announced a free DLC pack that would expand upon the ending
and address the criticism.
And it was called the Extended Cut that did come out on June 26, 2012.
And it was a mixed bag.
Honestly, I'm fine with it.
I love Extended Cut, but the original ending never bothered me so much.
It wasn't great, but some movies have bad endings.
I always thought this was way...
That's why I can't stand the mist.
Yeah, I always thought this...
It could have just kept it like the book.
Blown way out of proportion.
Well, there were other issues like the conflict of interest issue for having Jessica Chobot
as Diana Allers.
Oh, yeah.
And then some people were all like...
They didn't like the same sex aspect to relationships for Shepard.
And then they also didn't like that there were some characters who weren't available
for that, because I mean, let's just face it, everyone wants to romance Garris.
But at any rate, it originally shipped 3.5 million units in the first month.
It sold 349,000 digital copies by the end of March alone.
The game sold over 890,000 copies in its first 24 hours.
And according to MPD Group, it sold 1.3 million physical copies in the first month,
which was twice the total of Mass Effect 2 during its opening month in January 2010.
And in May 2012, EA reported that Mass Effect 3 grossed over 200 million during quarter 4 FY12.
So that's financial year for people who don't know.
And as far as accolades, it got a number of awards.
The Satellite Award for Outstanding Role Playing Game, Best RPG at the Spike Video Game Awards,
Game of the Year from Game Informer, Best Overall RPG from IGN, Best Cooperative Multiplayer,
Best Game Cinematography from Inside Gaming Awards.
But basically, the legacy left by Mass Effect 3,
it's really the one where we talk about entitled gamers.
We don't like the end, change it.
You know, and it also bringing in, you know, like when Andromeda came out,
they actually had some very racy scenes in there and were not shy at all about
romance options, you know, which I think is great.
I mean, Andromeda was questionable.
But in fact, moving into Andromeda, it was a sequel to the first trilogy,
but it takes place 634 years later because of
word cryology, the time it takes.
Cryogenic hibernation, that's what I'm thinking of.
Or you play as either Sarah or Scott finding a new homeworld for humanity.
And there's actually a Mass Effect universe game in development and pre-production at Bioware.
So we're going to be getting something else.
I just, I really, I really hope it's okay.
But as far as those scores, like the Xbox 360 and PS3 copies got a 93 of 100 for Metacritic,
PC got 89, Wii U got 85.
But now I'm going to talk about another part of this, and that's the mods.
My copy of Mass Effect 3 was modded to hell and back.
The high-res mod, beautiful, custom hair, awesome, fly cam, fly cam was my favorite.
And I had, if anyone remembers this, because it's still there,
I had a Tumblr account called Mass Effecting.
And it started with me making a stupid meme.
I don't even remember.
Oh yeah, it was a Vitturian with crossed eyes and it said Derpian.
And from there that blog had over 10,000 followers by the time I had been running it for two years.
I eventually gave up because I couldn't find any more, you know, good screenshots to use.
But just showing, I mean, I basically created like a whole head Canon in that universe that
people bought into, you know, but it just goes to show how big, you know, if my stupid Tumblr
could get that many followers for weird memes, then the fanfiction world blew up.
The fan merch world blew up, fan art blew up.
I mean, now to the point where BioWare and the Yeti, I think is another one that sells
some stuff, but like you can get official like Garris body pillows, you know, that type of thing.
It's just, it's spawned such an amazing fandom that still thrives to this day.
Maybe not as strong as it was, but it's still alive and kicking.
You know, those of us who romanced certain characters, anytime that character brings,
is brought up, we're like, oh yeah, we're like that with Dragon Age as well, but I digress.
But yeah, it's Mass Effect 3.
It's probably one of my favorite modern games.
I would probably say it is my favorite modern game.
All right.
Yeah, there you go.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week, Mass Effect 3.
I met so many friends through this game too, by the way.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't think the multiplayer got enough credit.
You know, everybody bitched about the ending and so many people bitched about multiplayer too.
And it's honestly one of the most enjoyable multiplayer experiences I've had in a game
where like literally a lot of my friends are playing it.
We did good things in it.
It impacted your single player game.
I just, it was so good.
Like I, I wish they had done a standalone multiplayer game and still kind of wish they
would just sort of bridge the gap between releases.
Andromeda's multiplayer was even okay.
It was different.
I mean, but it was, it was okay.
You know what I mean?
Like, I don't know what else to say.
It was okay.
But I still wish there would be something to kind of like hold us over.
I don't know.
I miss it.
Well, I'm glad they fixed a few things with Andromeda.
I didn't think it was a bad game at all.
I honestly enjoyed it.
But, um, but I, and there's people who think that Mass Effect 2 is the pinnacle of the
series, but honestly, I got a lot more out of the story for Mass Effect 3.
I thought that there was, especially for those of us who, you know, romanced Garrus, there
was a lot more payoff in it than just a head bump, you know?
But, but I'm actually looking at my mass affecting Tumblr and I forgot that I made
some of these ridiculous things.
All right.
You got 10,000 followers on your Tumblr, but this podcast can seem to only get 10 listeners.
Pint out our podcast on my Tumblr.
I know.
You know?
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, there it is.
Now Dark Soccer has done the entire trilogy.
She can't pick a Mass Effect game ever again.
Well, when Andromeda is 10 years old, I guess.
When Andromeda is 10 years old, I sure can.
Uh, all right.
Let's miss you.
Wait, let's move on.
I guess I will.
So I'll see you in 2026 or whatever that game turns 10.
All right.
Will you still be doing this?
Who knows?
All right.
I mean, I'm pretty sure around episode nine, I was saying, can you imagine, or like we
were doing the first year, even a hundred episodes.
I was like, can you imagine if we were still doing this at a thousand episodes?
And now it's like, wow, that might actually happen.
All right.
Anyway, I'm putting it in the chat, but everyone needs to look at this because this is my favorite
one I've made for this little memes.
All right.
Well, we need to do rapid fire news.
So you keep the show moving.
Let's get to it.
Rapid fire news and some other stories, uh, around the gaming industry.
So Loki, we'll start with you.
Yeah, I'm pretty excited.
There's a brand new Lego game coming out called Lego brick tales.
And it's a little bit different than your typical Lego game by like traveler tales or
something like that.
Um, so this one is a physics based puzzle game.
So it kind of reminds me a little bit of besieged, or I guess a little bit like Kerbell's
space program where you have to build different devices out of Lego and they react to the
physics.
So like they have like, you know, a helicopter that you build or something like that, and
you have to solve puzzles with it.
So that sounds pretty cool.
And that's supposed to be releasing sometime this year.
So we'll have to look forward to that.
And then, uh, there is a silly game coming out by the folks that did the, uh, bloodborne
demake like for PlayStation one.
Now they're taking those models that they made for the demake and they're making bloodborne
cart, a goat cart game.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see with it.
Cause it's funny.
Yeah, no, I think it's funny too.
I wonder if it'll be as punishing of a cart game as those.
That would be funny if it was like a, like the ultimately punishing difficult like cart
game.
Uh, I would, I would think that was funny.
I probably wouldn't play it very long, but I think it was funny for the five minutes
I play it.
So, yeah.
All right.
Um, let's see.
How about dark Sakura?
I had to unmute.
So there is, there are, you know, uh, NFT games out there and basically all they are
is just to sell the NFTs, you know, but someone's actually making a game called alluvium that
is supposed to be pretty much up there with, with any good game, um, where you can earn
your NFTs in game.
Um, or you can purchase them or do exchanges with other people, but the fact that you can
get them in game makes it a little bit less cringey.
Um, but at any rate, um, the, uh, it's, it's the, the currency for it though is based on
Ethereum, but at any rate, uh, the game is where you have different robot helpers that
go with you and you have to explore the planet and you meet different creatures that you
battle with and your little robot friends, you know, are kind of your, your battler.
You also have to look at the synergy with your armor and all this other stuff.
And it actually looks like it's fairly complicated, uh, gameplay.
Um, but you can buy the, the native token with, uh, Binance, Qcoin, Poloniex, Gate.io,
other exchanges, um, for people who are into crypto and, and NFTs, I guess this would be
a good RPG.
And actually I've watched the, the trailer for it.
It actually kind of looks fun.
Um, they're focusing on marketing and promotion right now.
It's just that I hope that this doesn't set a, a trend for other games to come out like
it and to encourage these other companies to start dealing in NFT.
Oh, well too late.
They're everybody's I mean, I know I totally do, but I already, everybody's asking how
can we cash in on this?
I'm sorry.
Until NFTs don't feel like I'm participating in crime.
Um, I, I'm not interested in them.
Like I, I'm just, I just, I just, I'm sick of it being shoved into my face.
Like I need to accept these NFTs and, and this is where it's going.
Cause all the cool kids say it's going to FTS like prove it.
Like if it's that valuable, it'll stand out on its own.
But it's like you even whisper the letters NFT on Twitter and you're going to have bought
accounts up your asshole trying to sell things that like you just have no interest in.
And let's also talk about how ugly most of the NFTs that are available are.
Like a lot of those procedurally generated things and stuff.
It's stupid.
Now I will go out on a limb and say this one actually looks pretty good.
Yeah.
Now if a good game comes out, because again, a good game is a good game and it manages
to leverage NFTs in a way where again, it doesn't feel like I'm participating in crime.
I'll have a more open mind about it, but.
And this one, by the way, is running in Unreal five.
Interesting.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
I mean, that's it.
It's if, if this is a way that NFT actually is going to work in a.
I want to say ethical way.
No, I get it.
I get it.
Then I'm okay with something like this, especially if the fact that you can have a chance to
get the more valuable items in game and then trade around and move them up.
You know, for me, that's like playing, you know, playing magic.
Yeah.
You know, you would get your rare cards out of your, out of your packs and then trade
them around to your friends.
And I mean, that's.
Without, you know, all of the crypto aspect of it, that's essentially what NFTs are.
Um, a set in chat says the MLM of investing.
I, I, yeah, that's what NFTs certainly feel like.
But when, you know, speaking of MLMs, I'll still buy Tupperware at target.
So if there's a way to buy old Tupperware, if there's a, yeah, or old Tupperware at a
thrift store, if there's a way to make it feel less slimy and unnecessary, then I think
that's finally how people will crack the code on making the masses accept NFTs.
Cause right now it feels like, it feels like a crime family.
It really does.
So we'll see.
Uh, the other news, um, the Mario 64 guidebook scans were required to be taken down.
Um, they were, were all online with different 3d models for each of the levels and everything.
And, uh, they were required, uh, the uploader who's Dave, uh,
shoveling of comfort food, video games to, to take down.
And they challenged copyright and said, we don't, we don't want it anymore.
So they have to acquiesce.
I mean, they're really, really just tapping down on it and it's disgusting.
Yeah.
I mean, like I understand.
Piracy of scanned books is a crappy thing, but Mario essentials got taken down.
Yeah.
Mario 64 is also how old of a game.
And there comes a certain point where again, I think it's about preserving certain types
of media.
It's not like you can walk into a library and find a copy of this strategy guide or
find it through any sort of legitimate, at least first party means you might luck into
one at a garage sale, but how often is that or use bookstore, but how often is that going
to happen?
So I feel like these scans were a way to kind of preserve something that really wasn't,
let's it wasn't making Nintendo money.
And I, I, I'm sure there'll be people that are like, well, Nintendo has to defend their
trademarks.
So there's a certain line.
Nintendo keeps crossing that nobody else in the game industry feels like they need to
cross.
There, there should be a statute of limitations that applies to that.
Like, like with music or, or something.
Or even the hardware.
Cause you know, Nintendo hardware, third parties just make straight up Nintendo systems and
now super Nintendo systems, they can't be stopped because those trademarks do expire
after 30 years or something like that.
So that's why you have all of a sudden, all these other, like the retron five and stuff
that literally just play the carts because the, the ability for Nintendo to have the
market on that runs out after so many years, which is interesting.
Anyway, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and we'll start
with the U S and Loki.
Yep.
Not a whole lot coming out over here.
We've got Crusader Kings three on PlayStation five and Xbox series.
Uh, Chris star on Tendo switch, death stranding director's cut on PC.
Moss book two on PlayStation four and the weird West on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox
one.
Looking at Japan, uh, we have a few releases on the Nintendo switch this week.
We have Barry Shauna, uh, Senza, Ishigu no Kaze in a regular and limited edition.
There's also a twin pack coming out for all that.
A game called kiss trilogy is coming out as well, uh, which is includes the games hotch
kiss, kiss bell and kiss auto.
Um, they look like dating Sims and it's, um, women of a questionable age in swimsuits on
the cover hand drawn.
So it's, it's that kind of game.
Uh, we also have in Japan on the switch, uh, Hokago Cinderella is out in a regular and
a limited edition.
And, uh, that's it for the switch, but looking at the PlayStation five, uh, it's a dry week.
We don't have a release there until the 1st of April.
So, uh, no way, which I guess is this week, isn't it?
So I will mention, uh, what was it?
There it is.
MLB the show is out in Japan this week.
It's out in English, but, uh, it is still getting a regional release in Japan.
Very popular over there.
It sure is a dark soccer.
How about Europe?
So on the 29th, we have in nightmare for a PlayStation crusader Kings three for PlayStation
and X-Box on the 31st, we have grand mountain venture wonderlands for switch.
And then for PlayStation and X-Box, we have Tropico six, uh, next gen edition from it
looks like.
And then on April 1st, we have doki doki literature club.
Plus, all right, well, let's do some more news stories and then we'll get to emails
any calls that might want to come in tonight and all that other good stuff in our round
table.
But first, a few more headlines starting with Loki.
Yeah.
So rockstar has decided to go ahead and offer a subscription service now to grand theft
auto online called GTA plus.
It is going to cost $6 a month and they give you in game money as well as some other perks
along with that, mostly in game items and like properties and stuff like that.
But this is coming right after that.
They've decided to, um, basically sell the upgrade for grand theft auto five, um, and
online they're offering it now for like 40 bucks right now.
Grand theft auto online is actually free on PlayStation, I believe.
Um, but they're going to charge for that later on as well.
And it's just, it's, it's just another cash grab.
It's like subscribing to their shark cards.
And I think it's just terrible, but yeah, I saw, I saw your tweet tweet about it.
Like you definitely have some strong opinions, but I know it's just like, well, it's just
like, I just kind of given up on it.
It's like, what, what, what happened to you guys?
Like, seriously, like you used to be a company and make fun of companies like this, and now
you're just, just milking it.
Like this game is so old now.
We're almost classic game of the week time on this game because it's been out for so
long.
It's just like, I just don't understand.
I mean, I understand cause they're making tons of money off of it.
So, but it sounds like that they're just trying to get people hooked on this kind of
stuff.
And mind you that the reason why that $500,000 delivered to you each month, isn't a ton of
money.
It's because of them.
They've designed the game this way to make it incredibly grindy.
And I remember when I first started playing Grand Theft Auto online, it was grindy, but
it wasn't like super grindy.
Like now it's just ridiculous.
The amount of stuff that you have to pay for in that's all by design.
It's all by design, the milk, those microtransactions.
And that's what they do.
And that's how they're making billions of dollars off of this game from just the microtransactions
because you have to pay the upkeep your car.
You have to pay insurance on your car to pay rent for your apartment and stuff.
Yeah, I get it.
It's like real life, but I don't play Grand Theft Auto to experience real life.
Like, I don't understand.
Where's my cheat code?
Where's my cheat code?
It is on purpose because they make money off of this and now they're charging more money
for it because they're going to make money off of this.
It's just it's very blatant.
Like how cash grabby this is.
Well, mind you also, like I would say you're doing you're doing the right thing in voicing
your opposition by not playing.
You're not sitting there playing the game going.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
You're just not playing.
Exactly.
Like if I was supposed to purchase the game, it would be on PC and it would be just to
play the single player and mess with mods.
And that's it.
I wouldn't be playing Grand Theft Auto online.
I have no interest in it.
And I understand that they're adding new content to Grand Theft Auto online.
But yeah, they should be if they're making a billion dollars off of that.
That that's that's like another Grand Theft Auto five every year.
Like, yes, they should be putting money into that if that's how much money they're making
out of it.
I mean, that's only fair, though.
And even I think what they're putting into it is not exactly what they're getting out
of it.
I think they're putting in far less versus what they're getting out.
So you do you, I guess, rock star, but like, I'm just not supporting it.
All right.
Well, moving on, we have another story from Dark Sakura.
We do.
So this is another sad outcome from the utter, utterly ridiculous actions taken by Russia
against Ukraine.
There is a video game history center in Ukraine is called the Mariupol Computer Museum.
It was destroyed earlier this week by a Russian bomb at over 120 retro computers and consoles,
as well as over 500 exhibits were destroyed.
It was owned by Dimitri Cherapanov, and he wanted to use it to highlight the retro.
Let me actually rewind back.
He wanted to make it just to show the history of retro computing consoles technology, anything
from the 1950s up to the early 2000s, a collection that took him over 20 years to make.
And it's absolutely disgusting.
Cherapanov is accepting donations to help rebuild the computer museum, at least in digital form.
He's got a website out.
I'll see if I can link it in chat.
But it's just, it's one part of this absolutely disgusting event.
And I'm just so irritated by it.
Irritated is a light word, but I'm completely off.
I mean, it's disgusting that Putin's army attacks museums, libraries, theaters.
And the thing is, it wasn't a target.
It was there.
Oh, but still.
Why would they target a video game museum?
They wouldn't do that.
When they bomb, they bomb city centers.
They bomb places that, you know, that are in general going to make strategic sense.
It wasn't targeted for it.
But the fact that it was a casualty of this callous, unnecessary behavior is absolutely
disgusting.
Well, I mean, just the fact they're targeting the places where people live and are in the
first place when it was always, you know, the line that Putin is about military and
all this stuff is like very clearly, that's not what's happening.
You know, it's yet another one of those, you know, many lies that comes out of his mouth.
So it's just, well, you know, he's friends with.
Yeah, I know.
It's just.
Yeah, anyway, Biden just said what we were all thinking.
That's all I'm going to say.
All right, moving on.
He said the quiet part out loud, which a president isn't supposed to do.
That's all.
All right.
Honestly, presidents should.
Sometimes.
Yes.
All right.
Moving on, Loki.
Then they also started DDoSing Among Us.
When's it going to stop?
But apparently it's been a lot of different services being DDoSed recently.
And the North American European servers are getting DDoSed right now for Among Us.
So it's hard for folks to log in or even play at all because of what's going on.
But.
Yeah, there's, you know, of course, they're working.
Airsloth is still working on fixing the server problems, but they don't have any sort of
update or what on when that's going to be resolved.
That sucks.
Yeah, why would you attack like a small indie game like this anyway?
I mean, I guess I know I was like the answers right themselves.
Like, of course, I should know better.
But it's just it's sad.
You know, it doesn't I don't know.
It's silly.
Anyway, I have one more.
I hate people.
I know, right?
I have one more story for tonight.
And it's about it's about a genre that we've started talking a lot more about ever since
Star Soccer and I got into Dead by Daylight.
And that is the 4v1 genre, which, of course, yes, DBD wasn't the first.
We had evolved asymmetrical horror.
Well, OK, I guess this would fall under asymmetrical horror, but a new game was now asymmetrical
horror because I experienced far more horror than I'm sure that the developers did.
All right.
Well, I got to hear about this.
So this is the announcement for Ghostbusters Spirits Unleashed.
It is an asymmetrical multiplayer game.
I guess, you know, I don't think Ghostbusters was ever really scary, but, you know, I would
say some some horror falls in that Vincent Price and Elvira category where it's not scary.
It's just dark.
So Ghostbusters Spirits Unleashed is being created by Friday the 13th Red Flag and predator
hunting grounds developer Il Fonic.
Actually, I like the Friday the 13th game when it first came out before it hit all those
legal issues.
So I don't know.
We'll see.
In Ghostbusters Spirits Unleashed, you put on a proton pack, grab a ghost trap and monitor
the PKE meter as a ghostbuster in a team of four brave souls pursuing ghastly ghosts,
terrorizing public locations.
So, of course, if you are a ghostbuster, you want to find the ghost, blast them with stream,
get them in place and then shut the trap.
The ghost, on the other hand, get to fly, teleport between rifts, possess objects and
use slime and summoning ghoulish minions to win the day.
So Dark Sakura, did you check out the trailer?
Do you have thoughts?
I don't have any thoughts right now.
I have so many other things I have to play right now that I don't have time to think
of playing anything else.
I should point out that Ernie Hudson, who plays Winston Zetimore and Dan Aykroyd, who
play Ray Stantz, will be voices in the game.
So there is a little bit of a tie.
Okay, then I'm playing it.
Loki, what were your thoughts?
It looks dumb.
It really looks dumb.
Like, honestly, like they had a really good single player Ghostbusters game not that long
ago that was essentially with all the original cast from the Ghostbusters in there.
It's supposed to be a semi-official sequel.
Yeah.
Yeah, that one is.
And this one is just it just looks like a cash grab.
Honestly, like, it just doesn't.
I don't see this doing well.
It just didn't look interesting.
And funny enough, actually, this whole idea of, like, ghosts versus, like, ghost hunters
type of thing.
They have an indie game that's basically this already that was in development and looked
much better.
Like, are you talking about I see people play that on Twitch.
Are you talking about Phasmophobia?
No, it's not Phasmophobia.
It was an asymmetrical game because Phasmophobia is basically you against computer where I
don't remember what it was called, but it was a multiplayer like ghost hunting game
and it was an indie game that came or I don't even know if it's out yet, but I know there's
Phasma, but it's not Phasma.
OK, well, there's and the 4v1 again, I don't know if that's just dead by daylight success,
especially when it comes to Twitch and those sorts of environments or what.
But we're seeing a lot of these and I'm not even just talking about like VHS, but now
there's like an official Leatherface Texas Chainsaw Massacre that's coming out.
That's like this.
I mean, it seems like this is a genre that more people are trying to get into.
And, you know, again, some are going to flop, but some might do OK.
We'll see.
VHS is actually should be coming back online soon.
Yeah, it might be.
I think it's this one, Midnight Ghost Hunt.
It's actually an early access starting March 31st.
Oh, and it's essentially like.
It looks exactly like the ghost was saying, except this looks better, actually.
Well, I mean, indie games have a lot of good stuff.
That's where your Minecraft came from.
That's where Among Us came from.
You know, the next big thing is oftentimes driven by an indie.
So, yeah, I would say Midnight Ghost Hunt looks way better than Ghostbusters.
Ghostbusters looks cheap.
And that's sad because I like Ghostbusters.
All right.
We're going to get to our listener roundtable where we get inspiration from all of you.
So we get we get our mailbag.
We might do some calls tonight if you want to join our green room on Discord.
And we also get to your questions in our Twitch chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
We'll head first to the mailbag at participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
If you want to send us an email for a future week, let's get to it.
I think we have at least one email tonight.
Dark Soccer.
We have one.
Uno.
Hi. Are you ready?
Hi again, OLR crew.
It's been a long time.
When I started working remote during the pandemic,
I didn't have my commute time to listen to podcasts anymore.
Well, a few weeks ago, I had to start coming into the office again.
So I'm back to listening to OLR as well.
The show still sounds great, even though you aren't in the same room anymore.
Anyway, just writing because one of my big interests is movies and specifically the Oscars
since the ceremony is coming up.
And a couple of weeks ago, you're all talking about theories on how the statues are handed out.
All of the winners receive their actual Oscar statues when they accept the award.
They carry that same statue around all night.
And after the ceremony, the winners go to the Governor's Ball,
where there is an area where a personalized engraved plaque is affixed while they wait.
That's pretty much it.
Sorry I don't have much to say about video games right now,
though I am excited for the Rift Tracks video game.
It sounds like they are taking a page out of the Jackbox Playbook, and I can't wait to play it.
Keep up the great show, Flaco Jones.
That game looks awesome.
Yeah, strong agree on the Rift Tracks.
So always great to hear from Flaco Jones.
I didn't even think about the fact that people kind of losing their commutes for a long time
kind of cut into the listenership of the show.
I just thought, I don't know, this show was getting worse and people were finding better shows.
No, I'm kidding.
I had a lot of that going on with me listening to that one podcast.
I'm super fond of Stuff Mom Never Told You.
Mm hmm.
And and I mean, it's.
The easiest time is when you're on the road.
It's I run it Flaco Jones, I think, meant this email for last week and we won't talk about last
week, but I think it's interesting because now he's talking about the Oscars, which happened to
be, you know, I'm not oblivious to what's going on in the real world.
I know that's going on right now.
You have to go to a birthday party.
Yeah, well, while while this is going on, but I now that that was I'm like, I have heard
this before.
I've heard about the fact that there's like an official party with an engraving station
and all this stuff.
I have heard that before.
So thanks for reminding me.
I could I couldn't think about it in the moment.
But now you have me thinking about the Rift Tracks game and you have our chat thinking
about it as well as to what Matt says, I'd be down for a Rift Tracks night has Twitch
integration.
Yeah, sounds like fun.
I'd be down for that, that's for sure.
All right, I think we have a caller that wants to come on.
So I am going to try to make that happen.
We'll see how successful it is.
But I am going to go and bring this person on and say hello.
You are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
You didn't think my hot take was going to be limited to 15 seconds tonight.
Of course not.
How's it going?
It's good to hear from you.
Uh, open ended question that leads into the point that I kind of wanted to make.
All right.
What are each of your first biggest thoughts on why scummy loot boxes, transactions, etc.
are all such a thing these days?
Because they work very well one time.
And for example, Overwatch.
Overwatch did the loot box thing, and it did it successfully.
I think other games did it too that are not in my wheelhouse, like Call of Duty or something
like that.
Oh, it's just no sports game.
Well, okay, Mass Effect 3.
And that, but or as, and Loki did make this point earlier in the show.
A free game does it first as a way to monetize the game.
And then it's extremely successful.
And then somebody decides, well, why can't we do that on top of the $60 game?
And then you get that Star Wars game from a couple of years ago with Pink Darth Vader.
A battlefield.
Yeah.
Battlefront.
Battlefront.
Battlefront.
Battlefront.
Yeah.
EA EA battle game.
Right.
License character three.
Exactly.
So yeah, that's my thought.
So okay, you started with the question, but.
I, the, the rest of the, the rest of the point that I have is a little bit of a ramble and
it's a really conflicting thought because of my own punditry and whatnot as well.
Back in, oh geez, what year would this have been?
2015.
I was, I was a lot more into the tech punditry world than I am, than I have been in many
years now.
I don't know if any of you know the name MG Siegler.
Um, big wig investor, been on a bunch of podcasts, uh, guests of podcasts.
He's a, he's a big name in the punditry world and he's aligned with, uh, Oh geez.
I actually don't know.
I think he, I think he stepped up to Google ventures from, from lesser ones and that kind
of stuff.
At any rate, like I have not to, not to go all in on just all, all, you know, all management
is evil, but that's certainly kind of a thing.
Just that the business management thing really ticks me off in the artistic sphere.
It's not far off.
Let's be real.
MG Siegler.
I, I, I always disagreed with him a little bit and he was a lot more brash than I typically
like personalities to be personalities that I actually pay attention to.
But the one thing that really got under my skin was that, uh, there was this one article
that he was talking about, uh, Nintendo products should not be controlled by Nintendo.
Nintendo should not make decisions about Nintendo.
That's just the whole, why isn't Mario on PS5?
That's, that's, that is that exact same argument in another dress.
And remember, remember the year, the context in particular was we, you, uh, and I, I know
I've said on this show multiple times that like, you know, the, the SNES was good.
The N64 was difficult and weird, but probably okay because of the generational, you know,
the 3d, the great 3d transition kind of mitigated the roughness that the Nintendo 64 had.
The GameCube, I actually kind of put in cult classic territory where it was damn good and
had amazing games, but it certainly fell behind.
It was certainly, you know, number three amongst the big three.
But it had amazing titles.
And I've said numerous times about how the Wii was a gigantic breakout because of Wii Sports.
And the rest of it's normal.
It's normal, you know, gamer base, the people that enjoy these kinds of things.
The Wii U, Nintendo, you know, tried to do what they thought was a success and it was,
yeah, it was problematic for every reason that it was.
Well, you know, I'm going to bring this up because, you know, this is the hill I will
die on when it comes to the Wii U.
I'm going to point me to the hill and I will go die on it.
This is not going to surprise you or anyone that's listened to this show for any amount
of time.
The Wii U would have had an entirely different trajectory if they'd given it a better name.
I agree with that.
The minute, just the last thought, the minute they showed up on the Tonight Show and the
guy, was it Fallon or Leno?
I don't know at the time.
I think it was Fallon.
Fallon at the time goes, so this is an expansion for the Wii?
No, this is a new thing.
That was the moment that system was fucked.
And that should have been the way the tea leaves said this system is fucked.
If Jimmy Fallon didn't understand that, how is Soccer Mom USA shopping at Walmart going
to understand that?
And that the name fucked that system harder than any name has ever fucked a system.
I agree that it's not one thing.
There certainly is, to an extent, a majority thing that was absolutely a big thing.
And along the lines of a saying that I've recently adopted, you cannot reproduce lightning
in a bottle.
And the Wii was lightning in a bottle.
So when they focused on lightning in a bottle and it isn't that, well, it's a failure.
No, it's not.
There were still some pretty damn good elements of the Wii U.
They just were seen in a different lens.
Nintendo wanted the Wii U also, I think, on the technical level.
You obviously, everybody sees how we got to the Switch from the Wii U.
And I think a lot of people look at the Wii U and go, man, I bet Nintendo wanted that
to be the Switch and they just couldn't bottle it.
So they did what they thought was the next best thing and gave it a crappy name when
it had nothing to do with what made the Wii the Wii.
And then that's why now when they called it the Switch, now they go on Fallon, same
fucking show, make a much better argument.
But again, I'm trying not to keep falling back on the name thing, but it's important.
I really, truly believe it was the biggest problem with that system and why it did so
poorly.
That and the crappy third party releases that were copies of year old games.
But I digress.
My point was Nintendo kind of, I think, was under a lot of pressure, probably from those
same third parties that then gave them literal scraps for their system.
I think Nintendo was under a lot of pressure to step it up from a technical perspective.
Remember, the Wii could barely handle 480i in a day when HDTVs were taken off, right?
HDTVs were unheard of in 2006, but the Wii could not output 720 pixels.
So I think Nintendo was under a lot of pressure from third party companies to put out something
technically advanced, but like that could be the Wii.
And I think that's why Nintendo ultimately picked the name that fucked them, because
they were trying to appease these third parties that left them at the altar.
I swear this is exactly how it played out.
They picked the name to appease the third parties who ended up stabbing them in the
back at the end.
Absolutely.
And have been on again, off again.
The Nintendo 64 was difficult to develop for intentionally.
Yeah, the Nintendo relationship.
Nintendo has always been a highly unique, has always carved out their highly unique
niche, which was not as dramatic in the simpler times of gaming and is a lot worse.
So now with the big in battles of Sony and Microsoft.
And do you know why?
Do you know why that's Nintendo's approach, Jason?
Because now I know that's not what you called in about, but now you've got me on a whole
other thing because I just had an aha moment.
As you were saying, I had an aha moment.
Fun.
And it's how they see the world.
No, this is because no, I'm talking about the third parties and why Nintendo is never
really like them or have them in a place because Nintendo released the Nintendo Entertainment
System under those pretenses.
Think about this.
When Nintendo came into the market, it was after the crash of 1984.
What caused the crash of 1984?
Atari money grabbing, terrible licensing deals, shitty ports, shitty adaptations.
Ports weren't a thing.
Literally terrible business decision.
Everybody developing everything for the Atari started the crash of 1984.
Chuck Purina Chuck Wagon caused the video game crash of 1984.
Okay.
And all of those things.
So my whole point was Nintendo enters the market now with the Nintendo Entertainment
System.
And you may or may not recall this rule.
Nintendo had a rule in place for the Nintendo Entertainment System, not the not the family
seal of quality, not just that, but the yeah.
Well, yeah, it was that because the whole we will not allow you to release more than
three games a year under your label because of Atari, basically, is it was the unsaid
part because of Atari.
And so that's why get you Nintendo seal of quality.
You can only get three games a year.
This is why we got ultra games, right?
Ultra games was just Konami trying to release three more games a year.
And then suddenly people started to find their way around the seal of quality.
And then at some point, ironically, Atari comes into the room and says, You know what?
Fuck the seal of quality.
We're going to reverse engineer our own fucking cartridge.
And then that's a whole lawsuit, right?
Colored.
Yeah, that whole thing happens.
And then now Nintendo has to retreat from that perspective a little bit, especially
by the time the Super Nintendo comes out.
But now Nintendo's culture, it's been set from 1985 or four when it no 1985 when the
NES came out, not the Famicom NES came out.
Nintendo has always seen the third party as the enemy.
To say nothing about all the other times they've dipped their toes under the water and things
have gone sideways.
The Nintendo PlayStation, the CDI.
So I mean, the DD, I think I assume I don't actually know enough about the DD, but certainly
the Virtual Boy, they've had their fair flops that didn't even have the ability to permeate
much longer.
Let's be real.
When Nintendo tried to allow themselves to be the third party, that led to that.
Well, I mean, technically is more of a licensing IP agreement, but I was gonna say the CDI
games were what they got out of that.
And honestly, I can understand why Nintendo is like never again after that.
Like it is written on a wall in a boardroom somewhere.
Never again.
And that was written on the wall in like 1998 or whenever that game was out and has not
been removed ever since.
Yeah, and it is unfortunate that they because they have their own opinions that go in their
own direction and the switch isn't 10 times bigger volumetrically that it doesn't have
the latest, the latest processor spec of the tech industry that drives the modern gaming
industry.
Yeah, it's a shame that things have to be lesser to fit on Switch on the flip side,
the switches experience and everything else.
I like I've told at least 10 people this over the last month.
Odyssey, Breath of the Wild, Arceus and Kirby being open world, free form, smooth as hell
are a joy and docked and portable.
I don't give a shit that they don't look realistic.
The games, you know, that's not the games motif anyways.
But like these games for all of the series, like I've never beaten a Pokemon game until
Arceus.
I'm very close to it.
I've never beaten a Zelda game until Breath of the Wild.
I did do at least a base pack, not Champions Quest, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, Champions Quest.
Like I subscribe to Nintendo's design principles.
I play games for fun.
I respect pro gamers.
I respect speed runners.
I love watching.
It could never do it like you do.
You have your own opinion.
I'm not saying don't do that.
I'm saying that I enjoy what I get out of Nintendo.
Yes, I would like most, but I'm going to take what I get and I'm going to take what I get
and I enjoy it and I do.
And that's kind of what drives me.
Anyway, I think I took the car in a completely different direction from what you originally
called in about, Jason.
I'm sorry, but business people should not make artistic
decisions.
Okay, we agree on that.
It's unfortunate that business people are driving art down people's throats as the primary
asset.
And this is completely an issue with the game industry completely because the people making
decisions that are shitty.
Let's say Bobby Kotick.
Let's take the shittiest one of them all.
The shittiest one of all time.
The shittiest gaming executive of all time.
Bobby Kotick.
Not a gamer.
Businessman.
He's a lot of other crappy things, too, but he's definitely not a gamer.
Now let's take one of the best in the industry right now.
Phil Spencer and Microsoft Gamer came up from those rates.
Huge advocate.
Still doing the same thing that he's done best.
These what, four, three, four generations after?
And to Nintendo's credit and how they make such good fucking games, many of them came
up the ranks, still play games.
And there is a certain love of video games from those first party Nintendo developers
from the House of Miyamoto, from that whole area, that whole team that feels such love
for the video game that it shows in the product that comes out.
It doesn't feel like a cash grab because Nintendo, for the most part, has been the last one to
the party for most of those things.
Not all of the time, but for the most part, we're not seeing shitty season passes in
Pokemon Arceus, right?
So the updates that they do put out, like the Breath of the Wild add ins, are entirely
Nintendo DLC is usually for the most part, by and large, pretty good.
Top line.
Sorry.
I said for the most part, don't fucking change the argument.
Yeah.
Switch online is a different problem.
Art does not come from the place that business does, and business is too heartless to be
art.
And so when you make art via business, you get it wrong unless you're insanely lucky
and you cannot design to be lucky.
You just get lucky.
This is the thing that happens.
Quest Buster nails it, and I should have said this, too.
Iwata came up the ranks as a programmer through HAL to head Nintendo years later and could
still read code.
That is why Balloon Fight, even if it's not your favorite Nintendo game, if there's a
list of 10 Nintendo games you must play before you leave this world or whatever, Balloon
Fight should be one of the 10.
And I'm not saying Balloon Fight is the greatest NES game that was ever written.
In fact, Balloon Fight is basically a Joust clone, right?
Because that's what it was actually started to be written as.
It was supposed to be just an NES port of Joust.
But anyway, my point, and I think you all know what I'm getting to.
That was a game that was made by Iwata.
So that is why you should play that game, because that was Iwata's game that he wrote
as a programmer.
And I think you should play that to see that's where he came through the ranks and designed
that.
And even if you look at it from the perspective of a Joust clone, it still added a new mode
to the game that I think exceeded the clone part.
You know what I mean?
Like there's that base game that feels like Joust, but then there's that story mode that's
like that eternal scroller to the left.
That mode is remembered a lot more fondly than the mode that actually was the Joust
part of the game.
Oh, yeah.
I don't remember that.
I only remember the lock screen battle because you brought it up.
The scroller is absolutely the adventure is what resonates in my brain.
Technically, the lock screen battle was a vertical scroller on the versus portion of
the game.
But I think we get into semantics at that point.
The point is a water wrote it.
He put a spin on it.
He made it.
The spin was more memorable than what the game was trying to be in the first place.
And I think you see that throughout Nintendo's history, which is why his loss was such a
huge, like, just really like, you know, when that happened at Nintendo, you know, when
that happened, it shows in the games that came out.
I'm not saying it's all 100% bad, but you know, when a water passed away, Nintendo went
through, you know, those anyway.
I digress.
Art is a vision and an opinion, sometimes a constraint, sometimes, you know, giving
up one to satisfy the other.
And business is all parts to is an all parts guess.
And it's just not the same world.
And I will lean in the direction of art over business, which is strange considering how
otherwise I consider myself very objective.
But that's me taking it in and not creating it.
So I can be on the other side.
I can go in what I like of art objectively and not produce.
Hey, if Loki has proved anything, any idiot can make a game, Jason.
Very true.
And I say that I'll leave it to him.
I say that would love Loki.
Loki and Loki knows this.
I go on to podcast panels at Dragon Con, whatever con I'm at.
And I always say any idiot can podcast.
I'm living proof.
So all right, Jason.
I'm going to wrap it up so we can take another call.
But thank you and appreciate all you do for the show as always, of course.
And yeah, any last quick thought before we let you go?
I don't have a quick summary.
Enjoy what you enjoy, folks.
That's all that matters.
Sounds good.
Take care, my friend.
Good night.
Good night.
All right, let's go right into another call.
We're going to bring somebody else here on air and get to it.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
You're on mute and or you stepped away.
I how about now?
Hey, it's Rhonda.
How's it going?
Well, my voice is shot.
I had a Philly cheesesteak.
I am slowly unpacking from a convention.
And the last talk with VX Jason XV.
You got me wanting to talk about more stuff.
So wow.
Well, what do you want to talk about, please?
Well, I just want to say, yeah, any idiot can podcast.
I'm just saying, okay.
And then there are some really smart people who can't podcast their way out of a paper bag.
Also true, honestly.
Well, that that is why there was a couple of things I want to talk about, but I can't
remember most of it because I have the memory retention of a goldfish.
But I want to say I was at a convention this weekend.
It was great.
It was fun.
Rob, you would have blended in perfectly.
There was a Rocky horror troop walking by, but I didn't get my camera ready in time.
But that's the thing.
But what I did was, I don't know if you've noticed, but a lot of conventions are having
Twitch panels on how to set up streamlabs, how to set up OBS, how to do your layouts
and all of this and all of that.
And people are just going nuts.
And streamlabs don't.
Well, you're right.
I'm Jamie.
I'm old school.
There are people who use USB microphones.
I have a mixer and I plug everything in.
Therefore, I did a panel called How to Podcast and Twitch Stream 101.
Basically, dear weebs, dear newbies, you want a podcast?
You want a Twitch stream?
Okay.
Get your wallets out.
I'm going to tell you how much money you're going to have to spend if you want to do this.
And that was the panel I did.
And it went over pretty well.
Congrats.
Although I firmly believe and not everybody's with me.
I firmly believe it takes zero dollars to podcast.
Well, that's right.
You might have to pay for your server space, I guess is probably the cost you really need.
But like, honestly, actually, you could do that whole trick with archive.org and all
that some people do.
You still need access to a computer.
You still need access to a microphone.
So it does cost money.
It may not cost a lot of money if you're going to have a very rudimentary podcast.
Yeah.
My point with all of that, because this topic has come up at Dragon Con, because there's
a whole track about this stuff at Dragon Con, right?
That's why I go there every year.
But is that more people get hung up on the what are we going to talk about in each and
every episode?
People get more hung up on that or I need to have all of this technical stuff so I can
get I if I don't have the perfect mic, if I don't have the perfect camera, I'm never
going to be able to do this.
People get hung up on that when the hardest part of podcasting is doing it every time
regularly.
That's the hardest part.
You want to know something with Twitch?
You don't need a camera to be a streamer.
Same.
And you want to know something?
We covered that.
Like in the beginning, I told people, you want a podcast?
Open up notes.
Start writing down ideas.
Create an outline.
Get this going.
Every episode doesn't have to be the same.
You can change.
I even use Orange Dodge Radio as an example.
I told people about Bemani DDR.
Let's just say people were were excited and there is a fan of the show in my panel.
So I explained how when DDR started going down, they switch gears and talked about gaming
and it's been going great ever since I talked about how you don't need the most expensive
equipment.
I said, look, if you have a PC headset and everybody that you're chatting online with
say you sound great.
Start with that and you go from there.
You want to record your show.
You don't have the money for audition.
There are free audio recording software applications out there.
Sometimes when you buy your your equipment, it comes with free recording software.
Like I did I did a review of a device and the company sent me another one to do another
review on.
This is a very simple audio interface, 60 bucks, and it works.
I think I think it's not like the literal like zero dollars to podcast, but it's more
the you would be surprised what you can do with what you already have or what you already
have access to.
So in that drawer of old tech and dig something out, I have a drawer right here and I could
podcast anything on.
I even forgot about this.
Bobby in chat says you don't even need a computer anymore.
Spreaker is a podcasting platform.
You literally call in with your phone.
You call it, do your stuff, hang up.
It makes an audio file and updates an RSS feed.
That's that's where we're at.
That's wild, but that you can even do it with landline landline.
I would personally rather sound good.
But I mean, and all of the software that I use, I mean, I've got training on it, which
is why I use Logic Pro and Final Cut for my video stuff.
But if you've got a Mac, you get iMovie for free, you get GarageBand for free.
And I can tell you right now that everything that I do in Logic, there are ways to do in
GarageBand.
You can do GarageBand on your phone or an iPad.
I know plenty of people who make all of their music, do all of their promo video and their
entire podcast from an iPad.
This is where the technology has gotten us.
I mean, it doesn't take much.
I mean, I used to upload my podcast to one site when it was published, update the RSS
feed, then post on the website.
I do everything through Anchor FM.
I upload it to there, they publish it.
I just grab the link, post it on the website.
Done.
Here's the thing.
And Bobby is bringing up the whole, if your audio is not good, then you shouldn't use
it to podcast because I've had to turn off podcasts.
I can't understand what people were saying because there were six people in a cavernous
room sitting around an omnidirectional mic.
Here's the thing.
That show that Bobby's talking about can always get better.
And as it continues to go on and they start to invest more time in it, they'll start
to get that equipment and do those sorts of things and so forth.
Those shows can always get better.
Here's what won't get better.
And this is the mistake.
If I were to write that clickbait article, number one or number of reasons, number three
will shock you.
Here's number three reason why people get into podcasts and then end up not doing it
is because if you spend $200 on a microphone, that $200 microphone is not going to stop
you from saying, you know what?
Let's record the podcast tomorrow because I'm going to go to the movies with my friends
and I want to go see my friends and I can only do that right now.
That $200 mic.
Now, actually, some personalities would say, but the $200 mic actually motivates me to
stay in and make that decision.
Fine.
You know if you're that type.
But for most people, I think you see what I'm getting at is that the most expensive
equipment in the world is not going to stop you from making a commitment to the recording.
And when people ask how has OLR been so successful, how has OLR lasted as long as it has?
Because it has gotten to a point where I don't know what else to do on Sunday nights.
Rob, there's also one more thing, though.
I like my ego to be fed.
What's that?
And a love.
That is something that I said in my presentation, whether it's podcasting or Twitch streaming.
Before you do any of it, you've got to have a love for it because let's be real.
You're not going to make money off of this right away.
There are those instances where you will jump right on and just start making money
hand over fist.
For some people, it takes time.
It builds up.
And we took, we fielded a lot of questions and a couple of them were, and I know we've
probably all been there, where what do you do when you get up and you just don't feel
like doing the show?
One of my co-hosts, Wild Spice, who's also on my show from time to time, she fielded
that pretty well because we also discussed mental health as well.
She said that she took, she stopped Twitch streaming for a couple of years because of
that.
And then she started building right back up and getting right back into it.
And I piggybacked off of that saying, as long as you have that feel, that love, you want
to do it, then you do it.
If you don't, then you don't.
It's perfectly okay to take a break.
If you hit that wall, just chill at the wall and relax.
If you're on social media, let the fans know you are taking a break because you got to
get yourself together.
And when you come back, and when you have a migraine, no stream night, and I have said
there have been times where I bring myself into doing this because I love it.
The day that I wake up and say, you know what?
This isn't fun anymore.
I'm wrapping up the show.
I'm probably going to end conventions.
I'm, I'm done.
I've hit where I'm like, I've done everything I wanted to do.
I don't want to do anything else more.
You know, and I guess it went over really well.
And I think a lot of people in that panel understood there's a lot more that you got
to do before you actually get into this.
And I think another and I'm sorry, just real quick.
Another thing, because and I see several people in chat talking about this, too, is that,
you know, I don't know what my Sunday nights were before the show.
This show had Matt.
Bobby says, I'm afraid to go to a life where I don't do something like this on Sunday.
It's like, I'll be fine.
I just don't want to get there.
And it's important to say, oh, it's not going to be around forever.
And I've said this a lot of times.
There is going to come a day when the show is going to end.
You know, it's going to happen.
And I realize it's ironic for me to say this, but I need to say this for everything.
It is okay for a podcast to end.
It does not mean you are a failure.
It does not mean your podcast was a failure.
It does not mean any of that was a failure.
You had moments.
You had that piece of art that you put out however many times you did it.
Five episodes, 50 episodes, 500 episodes.
You still have that.
That was a moment in time.
That was a moment in your life.
You're not a failure.
So pod culture says, I feel like one sometimes.
Well, let me tell you to stop because pod culture was a show that was on over 10 years.
And you had a lot of great things that came out of it.
You know, and plus it's not.
What I say is it in the moments that you feel like a failure or discouraged?
Actually, what I say is feel what you feel.
Your feelings are valid.
Do not ignore how you feel, but don't let how you feel limit you.
It will pass.
You just have to get up and get back on the horse.
And you're going to feel like shit for a while.
I feel like shit when I see one person on my stream.
And when I get an email that tells me to go to the kitchen to make a sandwich.
At least I did that one time.
But my point is, is that you can use that feeling to motivate you.
For me, I'm a very spiteful bitch.
And you know how I am when I get spiteful?
I make shit happen.
So let it motivate you.
Let it light a fire.
If you don't want to feel like that, try to do more of the things that will lead away from that.
I want to say, too, even though I said all that, I have had podcasts that have ended.
Just remember, y'all, I did Hoard House.
I did Pokestop Podcast.
I have had a lot of podcasts that ended.
And that's okay.
Tara and I had our comics podcast.
It's okay.
Sometimes podcasts end.
I think you also said, how do you motivate yourself when you don't feel like you're doing
the show?
And I say, try your very best to show up anyway, because the show might actually put you in
a better mood.
And I can't tell you how many times that's actually happened to me.
I did not want to do the show, but I said, I'm committed.
I don't break my commitments.
Let's do it.
I show up and you all being here and being as nice as you are, or we have a funny conversation
or whatever happens is a funny night.
And I'm like, you know what?
I'm glad I did it anyway, even though I wasn't feeling at the moment.
Now, some weeks are going to happen like last week.
And I'll just address that again and say, you know what?
There are going to be some nights.
You do show up because you have a commitment.
You do your thing.
But there comes a moment where you and this is literally what you all saw me.
I know you saw me go through this on air last night or last week.
Excuse me.
Is that mentally?
I literally hit a wall and said, if I continue to do this, I'm going to start to resent what
I'm doing.
Therefore, I need to stop so that I can come back next week.
And that's exactly what happened.
And I'm here this week.
And to kind of bring on top of that, during the pandemic, the height of it, somewhere
in there, there was I got a message from Marco.
She was like, I can't do the show tonight.
I really can't.
So I'm like, sure, no problem.
I'll message it.
You go and see if she wants to do the show.
I message her.
She's like, I can't.
I my face isn't ready.
I'm like, don't worry about it.
It's good.
So it's just me and Ari.
So I message Wild Spice.
She's like, I got to get up at five o'clock for work.
I said, and I'm starting to feel it.
And instead of getting frustrated, I said, you know what?
No show.
I posted on the Facebook page.
No show tonight.
Stay tuned for updates.
I messaged everybody and I said, how would y'all feel if we did a show Wednesday?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Updated it.
So episode Wednesday night, nine o'clock.
Come on by.
We did a show and we were actually raw and honest about why we didn't do a show Tuesday
night.
We spent a good time talking about mental health and how we just couldn't do it.
And I was discussing that.
As much as I would love to do an episode and if my friends, AK my staffers cannot do the
show, I am not going to force them.
I'm going to be like, you know what?
I'm flipping the switch.
I'm going to go jump on the Xbox for a while.
We'll come back tomorrow.
If that doesn't work, we'll come back next week.
And if people have a problem with it, they don't have to listen anymore.
This isn't a job.
And we still have to remember we have to do the things that we enjoy, you know, or the
commitments that are more important than this one.
Like next month, there's going to be a show that Jamie misses because she's doing something
special for herself for her birthday.
A person ought to be able to do that.
So, you know, the show will go on.
Loki is I don't know how much I should say about Loki's going to be out for something,
not doing something for something as well.
Yeah, not for something special.
Okay, that's all I'm going to say.
And it's one special.
It's it's one of those things, especially fun anyway.
But the show will go on and well, I could say more, but I'm not going to say Loki might
do the show anyway, but I'm just shouldn't go on.
So so anyway, my point is, is that it's it's this isn't our job.
And then again, it's that whole resentment when you start to feel.
But again, part of the reason why the show has been successful is because I do also have
that buy in from Dark Sakura and Loki.
And the three of us that have done this show for so long is that we know we're committed
to this show.
But sure, other things are going to come up once in a while, but it needs to be once in
a while.
And in your case, you know, once in a while is sometimes going to be, hey, I hit a mental
wall tonight.
I need to take a night for my mental health.
Okay, that's all right.
We'll try again next.
Or in your case, you ended up being able to do it the next night.
Again, you probably don't want to do that all that you don't want to live.
Let's do it Wednesday.
Have the that be the answer all the time, because then it's like your live audience
doesn't know what time to commit to you.
Right.
But as a one off special thing, we did it in this case.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And before I wrap it up, someone in the audience wanted some advice on everything.
I'll tell you what is the best way I could describe doing a podcast, doing a Twitch stream,
the every investment, everything.
And I said, well, I could tell you this.
Now I have invested between upgrading my computer, my equipment and everything.
I said I haven't spent over $3,000 in the last three to four years.
And I have zero regrets because my computer, when it's done being a podcasting Twitch streaming
machine, it's a gaming machine.
It's a video.
It does a lot more things.
That's what I made sure of and to follow up with.
And I told them this is what I end my show with.
And maybe this will give you some motivation.
Hey, thank you for listening.
Thank you for participating.
I'm DJ Ron mess.
These are my co hosts.
We are independent podcasters, independent bloggers.
We do this for the fun of it.
What we like and don't like.
We're going to tell you upfront.
If you have any questions about the show, you can drop us a line.
Email address below.
All right.
Any other last thoughts for us, Rama, before we let you go?
And we anticipate the next episode of Anime Jam Session.
Congrats on the panel, by the way.
It sounds like it was great.
Thank you.
I will say I was inspired by you doing these panels.
And I felt that, you know, they're doing all these.
Someone needs to tell these kids how to do it.
You know, so figure out the Reeses keys.
Exactly.
Exactly.
All right, my friend.
I'm going to let you go.
Have a wonderful night.
Thanks for calling in tonight.
It's always good to hear from you.
You all take care.
I love every single one of you.
All right.
Love you too.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Always good to hear from our friend DJ Rama S.
In the meantime, I think we have probably hit about the end of everything we have tonight.
There's nobody else in the green room.
I think we've gotten through all the emails.
I will quickly look to Matt to see if there's any last minute stories.
I just want to mention that Epic and Fortnite have raised over 70 million dollars for Ukraine
because they're doing a fundraising thing with that.
That's great.
I'm sure much more fundraisers to come as this unfortunate issue just keeps going.
What ended up happening was that Epic had raised over 35 million dollars and then Xbox
decided that they're also going to match it, I believe.
So that's how it doubled.
All right.
Well, with that, we will move to wrap up the show.
Um, and before I get to final thoughts, let me say thank you as always for listening to
Orange Lawns Radio and participating with the show.
If you like what you heard, please tell a friend about the show.
We are.
Please tell a friend about the show.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to help get out here
on air.
So please tell a friend or two about the show.
A nice five star review on iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you heard about this podcast
and are consuming this podcast.
Please consider a five star rating and a nice review.
It really does go a long way.
Join our Discord server and continue the conversation throughout the week.
vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And while you're at vognetwork.com, check out some other great shows like Anime Jam
Session that we were just talking to one of the hosts there.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts and we'll wrap it up.
Dark Sakura, I know you want to get to the killings.
So I'll start with you and your final thought.
Um, I, I'm doing a birthday marathon on April 14th from 10 30 a.m. to 10 30 p.m.
Come hang out with me for my birthday on my channel.
The end.
All right.
Best of luck with that.
Thanks.
Bye.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
And we'll go over to Loki.
Your final thought tonight, Loki.
Uh, final thought is I've got to work hard to put out some more videos.
Mm hmm.
Hopefully those will be coming soon.
Yeah.
I really need to, um, get on producing more of that type of content too.
I keep meaning to, but you know, other things like the shows and stuff.
But speaking of shows, my final thought will be, uh, the next show I'll be hosting at the
end of April.
Um, it's not really a live event.
We're just, we're just doing basically a movie double feature with a costume contest,
but I'm really still excited about it because we're doing Goth Night Out and we're showing
The Crow and The Craft, which are two quintessential goth movies.
And I'm really excited about it.
So that's going to be a show at the end of April.
Um, the hosting gods have been very good to me this year and I'm so thankful for it.
Like, you know, between having John Waters a few weeks ago, unfortunately, Leslie and
Warren had to cancel on the clue thing.
Um, that was a bucket list item, but you know what, at the end of the day, the performance
was still awesome.
Hosting it was fantastic.
The audience was great.
I did something I rarely ever do.
And I actually wrote a little bit of standup to do, and it was all clue themed and it went
over well.
So that made me feel a little bit better about my abilities.
That's why my nails are black, by the way, because somebody was asking about that in
chat earlier is because, um, if you're not doing, if you, if you're not, what is the,
the line in the Alaska song?
If you're not doing nails, you're not doing drag.
And so I painted my nails and I was like, well, black, black nails I can keep, uh, for
a little bit.
It's not, you know, whatever, uh, fallout boy and all those bands they have, they started
that trend for men.
So it doesn't matter.
Have you ever painted your nails?
Loki?
No, no.
You know what?
Honestly, I'll say this.
If nothing else, paint them clear.
And I've done that because clear stopped me from biting them.
That's why that's, that's the one that clear nail polish will stop you from biting your
nails real quick.
So I would recommend that to anybody, um, regardless how you feel about colorful nail
polish on your own person.
Um, anyway, that is, uh, it's, we'll do this again next week.
Uh, I didn't mention this on the show.
I'm going to Las Vegas this weekend.
I will be back for OLR.
We're taking a Saturday flight back because it's cheaper.
Um, so, uh, we, with the state holiday on Thursday, we're kind of shifting our weekend
a little bit, but I'm very excited about it and I get to cross off my bucket list.
We're seeing Dionne Warwick live, and I'm so excited about that because I love Dionne
Warwick and her Twitter presence and all that is fantastic.
So, uh, I will tell you all about that next week.
All right, we're out of here.
It's a time to end the show.
Have a good night, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for our live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio nor vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
