I'm going to spoil how tonight's show ends.
Our final thoughts on the outro!
Just kidding, that too!
But tonight we're ending the show with happy feels about a streamer finding a literally
priceless, authentically one-of-a-kind item and NOT holding it for ransom.
A rush of positivity to break the streak of headline topics that shall not be named, whose
value is 100% artificial and dubious to get there too.
This is a rush of serotonin and fuzzy feelings.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in the show, where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode number 905 of our
show for tonight, March the 6th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always is Midna.
Say hello to Midna, licking and grooming herself back there on the chair.
On my bathrobe.
Being supervised by Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Yes, she's doing quite well.
How are you, Dark Sakura?
I'm all right.
I've had a longer day than I wanted to.
I got a bad haircut on Friday.
Oh no.
Like really bad.
Oh no.
I had to get it fixed.
So hold on.
Oh, but your hair looks great.
It's a lot shorter than I wanted it.
Oh, it looks great though.
Well, thank you.
The back is still a little bit messed up, but she couldn't really do much else for where
it was cut.
So I'm going to get it redone in another couple of months.
So yeah, I had to wait 50 minutes to get in at Great Clips today.
I knew if I was going in for a blunt cut, they do a great job and they're cheap.
And I'm sorry to the podcast listeners because they cannot see your hair because it's audio
only when it's podcasts.
But remember we do tape live every Sunday night at twitch.tv slash vog network at the
voice of geeks network, EOG network, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And you can see things like Dark Sakura's fabulous hair.
And you know what, even if you're listening on the podcast feed, hopefully we get a clip
or two tonight.
Sometimes people clip the shows and you can see it that way.
Or if you want actually expect a Pantene moment for me, if you want the entire video archive,
you can always drop a subscription for a very, very small amount of money over at twitch.tv
slash vog network.
In fact, if you're a prime Amazon prime person, you get a free sub every month.
So why not spend it at vog network?
Don't let it go to waste.
Someone who I know spends lots of his prime subs at vog network.
Say hello to tech master Loki.
Actually it's not true.
We don't spend actual subs on our network.
I don't know where the prime one goes.
I was just at my transition.
There could have been better, but that's all I had.
What is it?
Is this is that supermarket scream that game that just came out of the supermarket streak.
That's it.
I was like, I played that cause the listeners were saying I should check that out and it's
cute.
And I like the one you have to yell into a microphone thing.
I think so.
Yeah.
It's a mechanic.
I think it's an optional mechanic though.
I'm pretty sure.
So, um, and I did, I also, uh, to go back to dark soccer real quick, I wanted to compliment
your R-type shirt.
I see you wearing.
Oh yeah.
I'll stay there.
We got a lot of classic gamer paraphernalia.
Oh yeah, I do too.
I just, it's under my shirt, so I have to like, you know, don't take your clothes off
on air.
That's against TOS, but like, oh, that's an awesome shirt.
Wow.
And wait here.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Cause hi, by the way, uh, since the last episode I've worked on my sound and I think tonight
should be a lot better, uh, from the sound perspective.
So yeah, there we go.
Uh, basically a long story short, I was using a setting on gain that worked for my personal
streaming, but it was really bad for podcasting.
I have now fixed my setup to look a lot like dark soccer and Loki.
And that's actually what I thought of is I was like, you know what?
I bet it's because the gain is just too high.
I need to put it on the lowest setting and have the mic right in front of my face.
And sure enough, that is the, that is the trick.
And then I have a brand new pop filter as well.
So I can say words like popcorn and it won't drive people crazy anyway, but behind this
is my shirt.
I found this one.
I was moving.
You ready?
You ready?
Nice lens arcade 1983 is what that shirt says.
Nice.
I don't think I've worn that since 1983.
No, just kidding.
It was a, it was a more recent than that, but it's one of those shirts that got like
at the bottom of the closet, at the end of the shirt pile and just didn't wear it for
forever.
And then as we were moving, I was like, Oh, this shirt, I need to put this back up on
top of the pile.
It's nice.
Incentivizes you not to have a shirt pile.
Absolutely not.
We have too many shirts, dark soccer.
That's a problem.
Too many shirts.
That's it.
Your house for me present is coat hangers.
Actually.
Well, we got for t-shirts though.
We have plenty of coat hangers.
I hang up all my t-shirts.
Really?
We don't hang up the t-shirts.
We fold them and put them in drawers.
Well, I mean, I have like my tank tops are all folded up, but most of my t-shirts get
hung up so they don't get like super wrinkled.
We used to fold them and put them in a drawer for t-shirts for like work button up shirts,
like, like Loki's outer shirt that I would have on a closet if I own that, but I don't.
Anyway, enough about closet life.
Wait until you see the closet at this place though, dark soccer, you're going to be like,
you came out of the closet.
Why do you have such a big closet now?
Is it bigger than my closet?
Yes.
I keep joking with Alan.
It's my drag closet, which I don't.
Cause I have a pretty big walk-in closet.
All right.
I'll show you when you're here.
Anyway.
So that'll be the guest bedroom then, right?
No, the guest bedroom kind of pairs with, well, actually we have a legit, we have a
legit Harry Potter room under the stairs.
And I keep joking that we're going to put like a love sack in there or something.
And that can be the, I told you I've slept in one of those before, right?
That was like episode two of OLR, which you were on a trip.
They had to clean the mattress very well before I was sleeping on it.
So just letting you know, it was the frat house.
We're going to go on and get into gaming news for tonight.
And actually starting with a little bit of a look back because I, this, and this is one
of the things where, you know, when we talk about how old something is in gaming, which
happens a lot during the classic game of the week, we have a moment of, Oh my God, really?
Like, Oh, I feel so old.
I don't know if tonight is one of those, but it's one of those that kind of surprises me
that this has been around this long.
And that is the Nintendo switch this week, uh, as of March 3rd, I believe turns five
years old.
The Nintendo switch has been out for five years.
Just me saying that, does that surprise you?
Does it felt like five years?
Loki?
Uh, no, because I don't think I picked it up right when it came out, but I don't really
keep track of time for that system.
I guess I can't really remember when like any of these last few systems came out.
I remember like the Xbox three 60 and like that generation of systems, but the last two
generations I'm not really keeping track.
Well, I think also for me, like the pandemic has been a big, like warp on time, you know,
like, um, make a play a pun on Mario and talk about warping.
Like I feel like the pandemic has really warped sense of time.
And although, you know, perhaps one of the biggest highlights of the Nintendo switch
has been the fact that it was there for animal crossing, you know, when we all needed it
in March of 2020, um, it's just kind of fascinating to think like, Oh yeah, like the, this, that
system has been around five years.
I don't even really know where the last two years really went.
I don't know.
That's how I feel sometimes.
Yeah.
I'm going to chat and looking at some comments there, because again, we do tape live over
twitch.tv slash vog network.
And I like to read comments from chat, including Zen monkey 11, who says the switch feels like
seven years.
It's annoying.
Um, let's see.
Fifth dream says five years time to obsolete every game and resell them on a 10% upgraded
switch too.
Well, fifth dream, you know, there's a lot of speculation that a switch pro was supposed
to happen and didn't because of, um, the pandemic basically long story short.
Well, there is, uh, the, I don't know if we have a story on it or whatever.
There's a, a hack that happened with Nvidia or yeah, we talked about it last week.
Um, I think the hack came up last week, but I'm not sure the switch thing came up until
this week.
Yeah.
The, some of the stuff that was in there was a chip set that was allegedly for them new
switch.
Yeah.
Fascinating.
Well, I mean, Nintendo working on a new console, of course they are eventually.
We know that, right?
Just like, Hey, guess what?
Sony's working on a PlayStation six.
Yep.
They are.
That doesn't mean it's coming out this year or anytime soon, but Sony is working on the
PlayStation six.
Believe it.
Microsoft is working on the Xbox, whatever, whatever they're going to call it.
Absolutely.
So, um, let's see, uh, other comments from chat here, uh, E3VL says, I don't feel like
they'll do a switch to anytime soon.
There's Mario Kart eight deluxe DLC.
That certainly does seem to mean that like Mario Kart nine, but what if Nintendo were
to like, I don't know, actually do backwards compatibility, uh, a little better.
And that even if you bought that Mario Kart eight stuff, it'll work on your next system.
Who knows?
Weird.
Nintendo used to be like the Kings backwards compatibility, which is weird because super
Nintendo and Nintendo weren't exactly backwards compatible, but like we had the game boy player
on the super Nintendo, which kind of opened some things.
It's just so weird.
How things have come full circle in that regard where Nintendo now is like, they're not great
at it.
You know, we had that whole bit last week about how would the Wii U going away, there's
not really going to be as many games that are archived because of rights issues and
bad about about, um, did you, Rama S says we need a 3d S player for switch.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
You could flip a switch on its side, meaning like a vertical screen and emulate a 3d S
easily.
I really wish they would do that.
I really, really wish they would do that.
Um, let's see.
There was one other comment here I wanted to read.
Tiger class says the fact that switch is five years old is a testament to its longevity.
Well, speaking of that, there are some sites that are talking about and having a nice look
back on, or, or yes, look forward to this particular year and how, yeah, the switch
is five years in, but this seems like it's going to be its biggest year yet.
And I'm looking specifically at an article on Engadget, one of those tech websites, um,
that does a lot of, um, you know, uh, blogs and things about what's going on in the tech
world.
And they write about gaming as well.
That's where joystick used to be.
Remember, remember joystick years and years ago.
Um, and they're running an article this week that says Nintendo switch is about to hit
its prime.
And it's interesting because they're talking about, okay, so the Nintendo gave us Zelda
breath of the wild.
Technically the Wii U gave us that, but I, I get the point.
Yes.
Uh, things like Xenoblade Chronicles two splatoon two and so forth.
And then it talks about this year, Pokemon legends, Arceus, Arceus, Arceus, whatever
that game came out in January.
Right?
So that's the start of the year.
Then we find out last week, Pokemon, violet, Pokemon, scarlet, late 2022, Kirby in the
forgotten land.
Just got a demo this week that some of you are playing, right?
That's going to be out in March legend of Zelda breath of the wild too.
They're saying it's 2022.
They're saying that.
Well, we'll see, but we're, they're saying it splatoon three.
Maybe that's why Pokemon stuff's coming out at the end of the year now.
Splatoon three this summer, Mario and rabbits, sparks of hope coming up, Bayonetta three,
it's real.
And it's coming out in 2022 advanced wars, one plus two, no man's sky.
Finally getting ported an oxen free sequel, Xenoblade Chronicles three, Wii sports, but
for the switch switch sports, a new Mario strikers title, you see where I'm going?
This year is fucking stacked for the Nintendo switch, especially compared to 2020 and 2021.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
Animal crossing was absolutely bad-ass and huge for 2020, but we know in a lot of ways
the pandemic kind of messed with things in a way where I think a lot of games that probably
would have been out sooner.
I think Arceus really was supposed to be last year.
It really was, but it's been delayed for a variety of reasons and whatever it came out
this year.
I think there's a lot of things where the pandemic just threw the timetable off animal
crossing DLC.
I think that's part of the reason that took so long as well.
So it seems like just now everything is hitting this year, but it is interesting for a system
that we keep saying, Oh, they're going to do a switch to, Oh, there's a switch pro.
Oh, there's all of this coming.
Why this year so fucking stacked for the Nintendo switch.
Let me ask my co-hosts if they have any perspective on this.
Why is 2022 so stacked for the Nintendo switch compared to 2020 and 2021?
This stuff got delayed until this year.
How about development, hardware shortages for development?
Like dev kits and things like that.
Yeah.
And part of the problem could be, could be, I mean, some of these are Nintendo's own studios,
but I get it.
I get it.
You know, if it's not even just maybe development from the sense of the actual professional
hours, we know that was all disrupted because of the pandemic.
Absolutely.
There's that, um, looking in our chat room, uh, SSU 100, Matt is actually asking a question
of the chat with five years of having the switch has your console been docked or undocked
most of the time.
I think that's interesting.
We have a few answers here.
Uh, E3 VL says docked, except when I need to take a number two, thank you.
Uh, I'm going to assume taking your S your second switch, we'll just leave it at that.
Um, let's see.
Uh, as Joe and Hunter, Matt says undocked, I only really have it docked when it's smash
or Mario party, uh, for me docked 98% of the time.
And the 2% is when I was traveling pre COVID going to things like, um, dragon con I'll
take my switch to dragon con, but that's otherwise like most of my game, I love to play it on
the plane, but otherwise most of my gaming is a absolutely docked mode.
Uh, Bobby black Wolf says it was docked a hundred percent of the time until P cross
came out.
And now the switch lives next to my bed and you know, what's interesting.
My husband, Alan finally bought a switch for animal crossing, but he bought that switch
light, which can't even be docked.
So for some people, it's not an option.
If you bought a switch light, you don't have a dock.
He can't even put his switch in my dock.
It doesn't work that way.
So that sounds like a thing that we don't need to hear about.
All y'all need religion, Jesus, whatever, seek it anyway, I tried that whole Jesus thing.
It didn't work out for me.
I said, whatever, whatever is my all encompassing anyway.
Um, yeah.
Orange Wright says 99% of the time it's docked.
Uh, yeah.
So, so it is interesting that this year seems to be such a big year, but I also understand
the skepticism that they're saying breath of the wild too, is going to be this year,
but I'll believe it when I see it, we still don't even know the official name, but I bet
we will get the name.
We will get the name at I'm using quotey fingers E3 intent, which I think should really be
called Nintendo's summer direct at this point.
I don't think there is any really, um, w we'll just wait for the dice to fall and officially
make that a reality, uh, or orange right says summer games Fest.
Sure.
Okay.
Sure.
If we, if we want to give Jeff's ego that, sure.
Uh, Nintendo summer announcements.
We'll see.
All right.
Um, I know we talk a lot about video games to escape, um, the realities of the real world,
but, um, there's a lot of big shit going on in the real world.
We talked a little bit about it last week and yes, it affects gaming and yes, gaming
is involved.
Dark soccer.
I think you have a piece on the latest with, um, how, uh, Vladimir Putin's war is affecting
the gaming industry.
Right?
Yeah.
Um, basically everyone's like, fuck you, Russia, at least everyone with a conscience
or at least a corporate conscience, I should say, um, and actually, can I quickly say hats
off to the thousands of protesters in Russia speaking up against thousands of people were
like detained in Russia today.
So props to the people, um, cause I know there's many, many, many, many within Russia that,
um, don't like it.
Um, and props, props to people for being able to stay informed, even when they're really,
really trying not to let you be anyway.
Sorry.
So basically though, we've had EA, um, pull their product from, uh, Russia.
We've had CD project.
It's based in Poland, even the makers of cyberpunk and the Witcher, uh, gaming franchise, uh,
halt all of their sales in Russia and Belarus.
Um, and all the sales through GOG in those countries.
Um, also, uh, of course the, the, uh, Ukrainian president has, uh, or prime minister, I should
say, has, uh, issued his own statement, um, where he's appealed to, uh, uh, different,
uh, I'm going to say just different, uh, facilities in the democratic world.
Um, in fact, one of the quotes on here says, I appeal to temporarily block all Russian
and Belarusian accounts, temporarily stop the participation of Russia and Belarusian
teams and gamers in all international esports events and cancel all international events
holding the territory, uh, uh, I, it's the translation on here is a little funky, uh,
holding in the territory of Russia and Belarus.
We are sure that such actions will motivate the citizens of Russia to proactively stop
the disgraceful, uh, disgraceful military aggression.
Sorry, that's the deputy prime minister.
Um, so yeah, um, on top of that too, now, uh, the, the first, uh, bit of information
I found on it, uh, it was a little out of date as of the 6th, um, but various other
companies have added their names to the list, uh, Apple has stopped selling, uh, uh, games
on the app store, Apple maps is, uh, disabled for the safety of Ukrainian citizens, uh,
in the Ukraine.
Um, also Apple pay is limited in Russia, Microsoft, it has a suspended sales of its products and
services and, uh, pumping up the cybersecurity in Ukraine.
Google says that Russia can still use Google search engines, but they've suspended its
advertising business.
So that's all ad revenue for YouTube searching, other forms of Google sponsored marketing,
um, and Google maps features have been disabled, um, although they are still providing info
on refugee sources for people fleeing the Ukraine, Samsung has also suspended their
shipments to Russia as of this past Friday, the 4th, um, TikTok, uh, is suspending live
streaming and new content to Russia.
Um, they are doing it because there are some, it's actually based on the fake news law in
Russia saying that they need to make sure that the information that goes out is, is,
isn't spreading misinformation.
Snapchat is also, um, halted all ad sales, although the app will still remain for communication.
Airbnb is offering temporary free housing to a hundred thousand Ukrainian refugees and
waiving hosting guest fees for booking in Ukraine.
Um, I've heard people here booking Airbnbs in Ukraine, they never intend to stay at because
they're just trying to give money to people that need it.
I thought that was a fascinating, uh, it's the paying, not staying is what it's called.
Oh, okay.
Uh, Disney is also halting all theatrical releases, uh, releases in Russia, including,
uh, the Pixar film turning red.
Sony has stopped, uh, theatrical releases in Russia.
PlayStation 5 though is still on sale, um, and they are under a lot of pressure to stop
sales of their gaming consoles.
Uh, Warner Brothers is not releasing Batman.
Uh, Paramount is halting all theatrical releases, including, uh, the Sonic sequel and Lost City.
Universal is doing the same.
Nintendo has placed, uh, its Russian eShop in maintenance mode, meaning it is unavailable
and gamers are locked out of purchasing new games through the service.
Uh, EA, like I said, has stopped selling in Russia and Belarus.
Intel has suspended all shipments to customers in Russia, uh, in Belarus, including their
chips.
Uh, Netflix paused all projects and acquisitions in Russia and refused to run state run channels
and on their service in Russia.
Uh, BMW, Ford, GM, Honda scaled back all their operations as well.
Uh, BMW stopped production in Kaliningrad and halt exports to Russia.
Ford is stopping effective immediately, GM is as well, and Honda has also suspended their
exports.
So that's just the overall, like, list of companies that have come into it, not just
our gaming system, gaming services, but we have, you know, and actually the, the good
thing about, um, Google, um, you know, basically anything that offers, uh, mobile apps is that,
um, that is the majority of the Russian gaming market is mobile apps and steam, uh, which
I haven't seen anything though about valve yet.
Um, as of the fourth, it looks like valve hadn't made a comment.
There could be something since then, but I haven't seen it.
Um, I actually do want to quickly go back to the Nintendo Sony thing because we do,
you know, thanks to this show going worldwide, um, and we have folks that participate with
the show.
Um, if they're not here live, um, potentially in our discord server over at vog network.com
slash discord, and we do have a listener who I know is in Russia, uh, who doesn't listen
live probably because of the time zone difference, but listens on the podcast.
And this listener is actually kind of giving us some insight as to what's going on over
there.
I'm commenting in our channel about the Nintendo eShop eShop in Russia was suspended, including
the ability to patch the games and redownloading already owned content on the Sony thing, though,
the, this was, this was interesting brand Turismo seven launch was canceled.
Even people with pre-orders who were able to play immediately after launch got refunds
and the game was removed from their libraries.
So Sony is doing something, which is interesting.
Um, I, I, and I don't know if I would have heard that outside of, um, somebody over there
actually telling us, um, what's happening.
So, and, uh, I'm, I'm confident this is one of those individuals to which I earlier spoke
is informed exactly on what's going on and is not, you know, so it's, so thank you for
keeping us in the loop of, uh, from your perspective, for sure.
What's going on.
Yeah.
Uh, another comment, funnily enough today, all gaming platforms have effectively stopped
all game sales due to payment providers.
They all share.
That's probably the mastercard visa thing.
Uh, GOG had a workaround as they always supported payments using USD, but they explicitly
disabled all sales.
So, and I I'm assuming a lot of that, like you might be wondering, what are they trying
to do?
Are they trying to just make things miserable in Russia?
And part of that is, yes, they are.
Um, and it's, it's to try to, you know, because obviously we know there's a lot of disinformation
going on.
Um, which by the way, as an interesting side effect of this, I don't, has anyone else noticed?
And maybe this is, I'm fully willing to admit, maybe this is just confirmation bias and like
when you, when you want to see something, you see it, but it feels like social media
has had a lot less bullshit on it.
Like the last two weeks, I'm not saying it's bullshit free.
There's still lots of bullshit, but I feel like if you look at the replies to like a
post from a politician or a celebrity, you're not seeing the same stuff at the top.
And I think that's very interesting.
Just, just throwing it out there.
Very interesting.
Um, so, and again, I have no facts to back that up, just my personal observation, which
doesn't mean shit at the end of the day, but I have a microphone and I said, say things
into it.
Um, but anyway, the disinformation that goes on there, yes, the, the Sony, the, the MasterCard
visa sales, stop the, all this stuff is going on to try to basically alert the population.
The rest of the world, essentially, not, not completely, but a good majority of the rest
of the world is United and that Vladimir Putin, who is the leader of Russia, is the aggressor
in this circumstance.
And as the person, and as, um, you, you put it a very eloquent way, Jamie last week, and
maybe you took it from somewhere, I don't know, but you said something about like, Ukraine
cannot stop the war.
If Ukraine stops the war, they lose.
Vladimir Putin can stop the war whenever he wants.
Exactly.
If, if basically it, it was from a sign, a protest sign that if Russia stops the, stops
the war, then everything is fine.
I mean, if Ukraine stops fighting, there's no more Ukraine.
So anyhow, um, our hearts continue to go out to the Ukrainian people and, um, just so,
so many people fleeing the country and, uh, having their lives uprooted and changed.
You know, we talked last week about people, the world is a lot smaller because of podcasts,
because of streaming, because of social media, because of all these technological things
we have now, you know, there was a day and age where I couldn't get text updates from
somebody in Russia about what's going on over there.
That couldn't, you guys are kind of talking about the cold war.
That, that couldn't have happened in the eighties.
We didn't get that.
But now technology makes this world a lot smaller.
Sure does.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah.
We didn't have our, you know, we barely had what the BBS is and things like that and,
you know,
um,
Misha and chat asking a question that is a little off topic, but I think is important
to address.
I am going to this, this question may be, um, difficult, but please let me get through
this.
And then I'll, I'll explain.
Uh, Misha says, so I have a legit question and this is nothing against the president
of Russia, but what would happen if you were assassinated?
Is it the same as here or is it totally different?
Again, I'm only asking, cause I don't know, um, that is a difficult question and it's
one of those.
And I want to stress that is not something I am endorsing or advocate because we had
a Senator who put his foot in his mouth as he often does, suggesting this should happen.
And this is only hypotheticals.
Yes.
I want to, I want to stress that, but I think there are a lot of people, I think we can,
who openly wonder and I don't, I don't think there's anything wrong Misha don't apologize.
You're, you're vocalizing what a lot of people are thinking, but no, they can't say the quiet
part out loud.
Nothing wrong with that.
Saying the quiet part out loud and that's fine.
What happens?
I'm going to admit, I don't know politically if it's like a succession thing, but I would
assume he is replaced with somebody who believes the same things he does.
It doesn't just magically turn around, right?
It's going to be somebody who learns from him.
There's a historical precedence of it though in, in Russia because it's basically all just
like political popularity contests after Lenin died, Stalin, no one really thought that Stalin
would be the one to take over as far as I recall, yet things in Russia, things were
okay with Lenin.
I mean, I'm not saying they were great, you know, but in relatively to Stalin, they were,
they were okay.
When Stalin came in, things really went to shit.
So they have a massive history of assassinations, corruption, of letting the people suffer on
the behalf of a chosen few.
It's really just modern.
It's just almost as bad as, as you know, what they thought they were overthrowing with SARS,
you know?
I think so.
I think the short answer to the question, because I know we want to get back into video
games, but the short answer to the question I think is whatever happens in that scenario,
it wouldn't be good.
And I think especially the way people imagine it playing out, like, you know, a mystery
person within Russia does the deed or something and that, you know what, the situation's not
going to get better.
In fact, it'll probably get worse because then there'll be a lot of finger pointing
and blaming about what foreign power was behind the whole thing.
And I think things don't get better, things get worse.
So we should actually hope that doesn't happen.
And that instead of Vladimir Putin kind of is faced with the reality that he's not going
to get what he wants in this scenario.
And in fact, the only way his people are going to get the nice things back is for this to
end.
And again, only Russia can put an end to themselves.
I think that Russia runs into a very similar problem that I think that the United States
has in the fact that it's a very large area for one government to control.
I mean, the bigger it gets, the worse off corruption becomes.
If you look at Iceland, when they had their political revolution, it was pretty easy for
them.
They were a small country.
You know, their making decisions for a smaller population was one thing.
And there's people who are talking about like full on revolution in Russia.
But they have the same problem that we would have here is that it's too big, too many people,
too many laws, too many established.
America was damaged from the conception.
I'm just going to say that right now.
Russia has kind of fallen, well, not kind of, has fallen that route for centuries.
So just saying, a little history lesson.
All right, let's go, even though the real world is important, I know this also is escapism
for some people.
So let's go back to video games and talk about our gaming week and the types of video games
that we have been playing this week.
So Dark Sakura, we'll go to you.
How was your gaming week?
Kind of busy.
So I finished Legend of Zelda Link to the Past, which was awesome.
My new retro night is started with Chrono Trigger last night, of which I am still cheating
my way through because I have beaten that game so many freaking times.
I have gotten most of the endings.
I think we have 12 of the 14.
Wait, I have to remember which one were the cartridge ones and which ones were not.
But I've got most, we've done pretty much almost all the cartridge ones between me and
Dan.
So I've been playing, so I started that.
We got to Right Before You Get Robo.
So that's pretty cool.
I've also learned that there is a particular cheat that totally makes the game break.
And it's actually kind of hilarious.
So I'm not doing that one anymore.
I love, when I had my Super Nintendo back in the day, well, I mean, I still have one,
but back then, what I used to do would be to put in just random codes and see if I could
break my games, and I did some very interesting ones.
It was pretty neat.
So I like to do the same thing now.
At any rate, though, that's the retro gaming side of it.
I didn't play Fantasian this week because I'm in that spot, and I got the same place
as a lot of RPGs where I am under-leveled for the boss fights.
And I realized that I will need another five to six levels to be effective at the boss
fights.
This is the complaint I have about Fantasian, and I'm not the only one, is that their
boss fights say, well, to do the area, it says you need to be level 43, suggested level
43, something like that.
I go in at 45 and get to the boss.
By the time I get to the boss, I'm 46, and it still hands me my ass.
And then I go look at, oh, for this guide, it's said to be 43, but I did this at level
57, and blah, blah, blah, like, okay, game, sure.
So I'm going to have to do a bunch of grinding, and I hate grinding.
I mean, I may as well just have a just chatting stream while I grind, because nothing interesting
is going to happen.
Still playing Dead by Daylight.
I got another Adept.
I got Pyramid Head.
Thank you.
You know, it's so funny.
I never played him a lot, and then I said, okay, well, I'm picking someone I have to
Adept and just playing them until I'm done with them.
And by the time I finally get the hang of Pyramid Head, I Adepted him, and I'm like,
okay, I'm done.
So now I'm moving on to Spirit, and it's embarrassing, I won't say any more.
So Spirit is my main killer, probably, more than anyone.
It's the only one I feel like I can do well with is Spirit.
I issue you a challenge then, Rob.
M1 Triss.
Take the Eerie Hatchet.
Take her two Eries.
Oh, I'm terrible with Huntress.
No, no, no, no.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Take the Eerie Hatchet and throw it, and then don't refill your hatchet, so you will get
like one and a half additional movement speed, and then just M1 everybody.
No one will expect it.
It's hilarious.
I saw Nick or one of the killer streamers I watched do a build like that.
It was a build for that actually might have been LC.
I did that.
So I had a challenge.
It was on one of the Tome thing where you had to hit people 10 times with just a regular
attack as Huntress.
It was called like old school or something or original or something like that.
So I did it in combination with my Adept attempt, and I got it.
And every time I have played Huntress ever since, it's been M1 Huntress.
It has been hilarious because no one expects it to try some time.
It's pretty fun, but that being said, I also got Pig to P350 finally, and I'm just saving
up all my blood points for Sadako coming out on the 8th, which also means nurse returns
on the 8th, and I'm going to try to learn nurse.
Pray for me.
I'm really excited to play the Ringu content.
I think Sadako is going to be a great killer.
And she's short, though.
I'll be happy with her because she's short.
My problem with Pyramid Head is he's tall.
Same problem I have with Plague, even though it was a plague forever.
The shorter characters, I have an easier time playing.
It just feels like a more natural line of sight.
Even Freddy is relatively short.
Just a more natural line of sight for me.
Right.
Oh, and Wordscapes, because I always freaking play Wordscapes.
Also I started playing through Dracula X Rondo of Blood, and I'm planning on doing my embarrassing
attempt at Radiant Silver Gun just randomly one day this week.
All right.
Sounds fun, Action Pat.
You've been doing a lot more streaming lately.
I think since your work schedule changed, you're streaming five days a week from now.
I see you all the time.
I try to do streams when you're not streaming, but there's no time when you're not streaming.
Well, I stream five days a week.
That's great.
That's good.
You just have to keep at it.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, that's the thing is that I'm trying to be consistent and trying to do more time.
I have a good time doing it, though.
I'm really feel like...
Good.
I'm finding my voice.
Good.
That's good.
All right.
Let's go over to...
I'll just quickly say, I see Sacred Jade in chat saying my voice audio is a bit quiet.
Sorry about that.
Again, the audio's changed a bit, trying to get used to it.
I may need to adjust my code, may not, because I can't make any further adjustments to get
me louder.
I may need to make my cohost a little softer, and I'll try that.
So we'll see how that goes.
But let me ask Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all Minecraft again.
I know.
I think there's a problem with that.
It's a shock.
Yeah, I've been going between my new hardcore series, which I've been playing quite a bit
in, but I didn't really live stream too much.
I actually restarted from the last time I live streamed it, because before, when I live
streamed it last, I didn't have all the shaders and everything working well with it.
Plus the seed was kind of boring.
So I started a new seed, and I have all my shaders and everything.
It looks super nice now.
So I've got that going for me.
So I'm actually working on editing that first episode for that.
And then I designed a new thing for NerdCraft as well.
And so I've been gathering resources for that, which has been kind of grindy.
Lots of copper.
It takes a long time to get that and oxidize it and all that stuff.
So that's been my week mostly.
And of course, HermitCraft season nine launched today, so I've been watching their content
and everything for that.
Nice.
But yeah, that's pretty much all I've been doing.
Okay.
Let's see, my gaming week.
A little slower than my usual gaming weeks.
I've been playing a little bit of Dead by Daylight, a little killer, a little survivor,
playing that as well.
I started streaming again on my personal channel, twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts, cheap plug.
But I started streaming No Man's Sky, because that fifth expedition came out the week that
I was moving and I was like, Ooh, I want to get into that.
I want to play that.
I want to stream that.
So I did start playing that on stream and I got through phase one and I only have like
one more task to do on phase two, two more tasks to do on phase two.
I'm really close to being done with one, but I'm making good progress on the expedition
and I'm enjoying that.
I just need to do some more streams with it.
I haven't played any off stream, so I need to work on that.
So I'll probably do that throughout the week next week.
I'm just not sure what days yet, because I'm, I'm prepping for a performance at the
end of the month here.
Just a local shout out, actually, I should, I should give plugs to two local shows.
So if you're based in the Sacramento area this Saturday, a really cool March 12th, John
Waters, the infamous movie director of movies like Hairspray, Serial Mom, Cry Baby, Pink
Flingos.
Cry Baby.
I'm also going to be doing a talk called Faults Negative at the Colonial Theater on March
12th, Saturday.
So I, and I am fortunate enough, I'm going to be introducing him and I'm also going to,
so after he's done, we're also having a drag invitational of some drag kings, drag queens,
non-binary royalty.
And I am hosting that as well, which is an honor to do.
So yeah, so that's exciting.
So I have that show to worry about, but then also so shout out if you're in the area, come
on out.
But on March 26th, so that's in three weeks, we're doing Clue the movie, but we're doing
it Rocky horror style.
So meaning we are performing the movie as the movie plays.
So we're performing the movie on a stage as a stage plays.
So I am in the cast.
I am playing, my role is a secret.
I am not disclosing the role that I'm playing.
So you have to come see it to find out, but it's, it's going to be hilarious.
The show is so good.
Like I died laughing today during rehearsal, I'll tell you who I'm not playing.
I'm not playing the singing telegram girl, but I know who is.
And I saw that whole scene and I died.
It was so good.
So it's, it'll be fun.
But the other, the other fun twist about Clue, we actually have Leslie Ann Warren who played
Ms. Scarlet in the movie, a last minute replacement for Carrie Fisher.
Fun fact, Carrie Fisher was supposed to be in Scarlet and dropped out to go to rehab.
And that's where, that's why we got postcards from the edge.
But anyway, Leslie Ann Warren is actually going to be there in person.
So that's really cool.
Yeah.
So.
So you're going to be playing Ms. Scarlet?
No, but, but imagine the person who's playing Ms. Scarlet, very lucky to be doing that in
front of Leslie Ann Warren.
So also, I was also not me, but I know who's doing it and she's great.
Yeah.
It's going to be great.
So gracious.
So anyway, I, I cheap plugs for those here locally, but also just like if my gaming weeks
seem a little thin, I'm trying to throw a costume together.
I'm in rehearsals.
There's a lot going on for both those shows, but it's nice to have stuff coming back again.
This is a huge year for the, in the shows department.
I just, at the end of April, see Dark Soccer, you went like this.
We're not doing any celebrities or anything super fun, but I'm going to still host it.
We're doing a goth night out where we're doing a nineties goth double feature of The Crow
and The Craft.
Double feature.
The Craft wasn't nineties though.
Yeah, it was.
98 to 99.
It was towards the end.
It was?
Yeah, it was.
Oh my God.
I thought it was like early 2000s.
So yeah.
Wow.
It was like my last year of high school.
First year of college.
Yeah.
So.
Well, I was.
That's right.
I saw it.
And I saw when I was, no, I saw it out here because I had moved out here by then.
So to be fair, they're only calling it goth night out.
I'm calling it nineties goth night out because with those movies, that's what it feels like.
Mike Deft quick on the Wiki says 96.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Then I wasn't out here then.
I saw it in Alabama.
They just teased on, I don't think I'm doing anything with this show, but because I love
SAC horror, I'll give him a shout out.
They just announced on Ash Wednesday.
They have Bruce Campbell coming in August and that'll be a really, I don't know what
they're doing with him, but he's going to be here in August.
So that's really exciting anyway.
Love horror events.com if you're willing to check that out.
Anyway.
All right.
So back to my gaming week.
I've also been playing a little bit of Final Fantasy 14, but I'm going to admit I'm kind
of, I'm kind of out of things to do in 14 right now.
I'm really waiting for that content patch.
I really enjoyed the live letter and a lot of stuff coming soon sounds, but I'm just,
I'm sick of the expert roulette and there's really nothing else for me to do in the game
regularly right now.
So I'm, I'm kind of in a waiting period on that with Final Fantasy 14.
So, and that's, that's honestly, let's see what else I feel like I went back and I played
something else on steam this week.
Oh, well I, Oh, I know what I played.
It wasn't on steam, but because I don't have a bandwidth cap anymore, you all might remember
when I switched, uh, locations, I switched internet providers and I have fiber internet
now with no bandwidth cap.
And so somebody said, Oh, rub.
So you can re download Microsoft flight simulator, right?
And I said, God damn it.
You're right.
I can re download Microsoft flight simulator.
So I played flight simulator on, on Xbox one this week after downloading 140 gigabytes,
140 gigabytes, but I don't care anymore.
So it's great.
And it is on a flight simulator is on Microsoft cloud services.
Now if you want to, you know, if 140 gigs is a lot for you, uh, the cloud might, might
be better.
Uh, tiger class says, how long did it take?
I ran it overnight.
So I don't know, because not only was I downloading that, I queued up every single update that
was overdue on Xbox series X, which was a lot because I, I, I queued up everything and
I was like, I will run this overnight and tomorrow I'll have everything updated.
And sure enough, the next day after work, everything's there ready to go.
And it was, it was lovely.
So, uh, yeah, so I've been playing Microsoft flight simulator.
And the, the first thing that I did was I crashed into my new house, except, well, except
cause you know, in flight simulator, you, you have the real world, right?
So I crashed the plane in my new house, except my new house doesn't exist in flight simulator.
It's a, it's still empty land.
All right, anyhow, uh, let's move on.
Let's get into some news, uh, that happened throughout the week.
Uh, it not a busy news week, but a few headlines here and there we're talking about, uh, Loki,
we'll start with you tonight.
Yeah.
So, um, some good news, at least it sounds like that the steam deck, if you want one
of those, and, um, that did recently come out and a lot of people really liking what
they're seeing so far.
Um, if you're interested in one and weren't able to get in on those pre-orders right away,
well, you'll be happy to know that they're ramping up their production, um, supposedly
going to hit a hundred thousands of units per month, starting, uh, with April.
Um, so that's pretty awesome that they'll be able to produce, or I'm sorry, actually
maybe not per month, but they're going to be up to hundreds of thousands of scene decks,
um, that'll been produced by April.
Um, but they're accelerating their production, which is the point in the first place.
And at least now, if you want to order it, you can, but you'll just be, you know, at
the back of the line and want the weight for it to come out, but at least it's not
hopeless.
Yeah.
I'm here sooner than other systems that are still not out yet.
I'm hearing mixed, mostly positive on steam deck.
I feel like some, some of it sounds like it's a little clunky in parts, but like when it
works, it works really well is kind of, I think a lot of it is kind of early, like some
of the software stuff still needs to be kind of updated and everything, but they're working
on dressing that stuff, but hardware wise, I think it's been pretty good.
Yeah.
I, I definitely, I'm curious about it.
I want to see, I want to play a friend's steam deck and I also kind of want to see if maybe
they end up doing a steam deck refresh in a year or so that maybe has slightly beefier
hardware.
And that might be something I'd be interested in at that time, sort of like after they get
past like, okay, this thing is a success where like, what were those computers they were
building for a while called those kind of flopped?
What were those steam hardware or something like that?
Right.
It was like the steam PC, the thing.
Yeah.
Steam PCs or something.
You remember that?
Yeah.
Steam machines.
That's it.
That's it.
I still have my steam link.
Those kinds.
Yeah.
The steam link was all right.
Like I, I found my steam controller too, while we were moving and I'd thrown it in a box at
some point anyway.
Um, but yeah, I'm, I'd be curious about the steam deck, but because it's, especially if
these things start to take off in a way that the steam machines didn't, then they probably
will refresh them, make better ones and so forth.
A little later on down the line.
It's interesting to think those steam machines, as much as I, it sounds like I'm talking shit
about them right now.
I'm not because I sort of think this is the evolution of those is they really took a look
at how do we get hardware that people want?
And I think valve looked at what Nintendo was doing and was like, Oh, we could do that.
The steam machine.
So we're more of like, it's just, this is like a PC specification that you're like,
we're going to just basically have anybody can build these.
And then we're going to throw Linux on there.
Whereas this, the steam deck is like, it's a set piece of hardware.
You know what the specs are games either run or they don't run on it.
It's not going to be like, well, it's kind of like the difference between like, you know,
games made for iOS and games made for Android, whereas iOS, you have certain phones and devices,
you know, the specs for Android is just like, it's a wild west out there.
Like there's phones all over the place and all sorts of different ranges and resolutions
and whatnot.
And so it's hard to like, be able to say, yeah, this will definitely run.
This will not run, you know, whatnot.
So I think the steam deck is definitely the step in the right direction.
If they want to do like a console version of that.
I'm all down for that as well.
I am, you know, a quick aside on the steam deck.
One thing I am hearing it does very well is emulation.
Certainly the classics you know, and again, I don't advocate piracy, however, especially
in Nintendo's case when you know, it's, it's, we know they're not very good at embracing
the old library.
I mean, we have some first party and second party stuff on the Netflix style library,
but there's certainly so many games like the guardian legend, right?
Our holy grail here at OLR, the guardian legend has never seen the light of day on virtual
console or any of that stuff because of rights issues.
So the only way to play it is to emulate it.
So it sounds like the steam deck does those very well, but it also sounds like the steam
deck is emulating like newer hardware pretty well to like, didn't they get a switch emulator
running on it?
Again, I don't advocate for piracy of stuff, especially not independent developed games
and so forth.
I, I think it's, I, I, you know, I, I'm not gonna deny that it exists and I think it's
interesting for sure because it sounds like Nintendo was like shutting down YouTube's
that were explaining how to get switch emulators on your steam deck, which I thought was very
interesting.
Um, and you know, I, I understand Nintendo trying to shut down those channels, but we
all know once on the internet, always, always on the internet and if that's why the way
back machine exists, if somebody wants to emulate a switch on the steam deck, they're
going to figure it out.
So, yep.
And Mike Deaf says, which I mean, apparently, yes, the PC is, uh, I mean, why not?
Yeah.
And again, I, I don't advocate doing that, but for retro library and game preservations
and things that Nintendo refuses to let us buy, uh, I feel a lot differently.
Um, let's see, um, interesting Rama, uh, in our chat over at twitch.tv slash log network
says, based on the success of the steam deck, I could see a newer steam machine or even
a steam tablet staying, um, that maybe they would revisit the steam machine concept.
I suppose anything's possible.
I kind of think this is it now, but who knows, uh, very interesting aha moment from fifth
dream who says ESP games can now run natively on switch, LOL.
I mean, Vita, I heard about that, that the Vita emulator now runs on switch.
Uh, I, when I first read that, my brain went to the steam deck running these games, but
isn't that also an interesting way to preserve the libraries, especially when we know Sony
wants nothing more to be than to be rid of the Vita online service.
Did they finally say they were going to shut it down?
I don't even remember.
I feel like they finally are starting to end of life it, but, um, very interesting.
Um, let's see.
There was one other thing I wanted to say, Oh, uh, before we get to the next story, a
comment on my internet, Rama said, just because you have gigabit internet, that doesn't mean
you'll always have one gig up and down.
Mine is in the 800 or excuse me, 800 to 95 megabyte at any given time.
So Ms.
Flight Sim would take less than 30 minutes.
So to answer that question, I do have gigabit internet.
Most of the speed tests are pretty reliably giving me between 900 and a thousand.
So knock on wood, it's pretty good.
Here's the fun, here's the fun thing you might not know because it's new development and
you know, we're, you know, we're pretty close to city center and all that.
Um, 2000 and 5,005 gigabit was an option.
Um, but we act, we actually said that might actually be too much.
I w and I was really trying to think, why would we need five gigabit?
And I'm not sure we need it right now.
Like my PC can't even support streaming 4k, just processing it.
I'm not sure I need the bandwidth for that right now.
Maybe in the future, who knows?
But yeah.
Uh, so that's what I, I actually do not have the best available internet here because I
said that, that, that might be a bit much, but in 10 years.
That may be what we need.
So, all right.
It's a mixed reaction from chat.
Some people saying why the hell not others saying valid.
All right, fair enough.
Um, anyway, we talked a minute ago about the Nintendo switch turning five years old,
and I'm not sure this was intentionally timed for the anniversary, but it is
interesting that, uh, this comes out just in time for that.
And that is that Nintendo switch now has missions and rewards.
And when I first heard that, I got excited because I thought that meant,
Ooh, finally achievements.
It's not really that, um, it's like, no, no, it's a little more like Microsoft's
rewards, which I've talked a little bit about on this show before, but Microsoft's
rewards is basically you get points when you use game pass, um, when you earn an
achievement, ironically enough, although that's not here, um, what does the Nintendo
thing do?
You get my Nintendo platinum points, um, by doing certain things within the Nintendo
switch.
So for example, if you play a game within the Nintendo switch online library, you get
some platinum points.
Um, you get, uh, for, for logging into the website and doing other things, you get
platinum points.
So you do these things and they've given more rewards for platinum points because it
felt like for a while there, there wasn't shit you could get with platinum points.
Um, I remember for a hot minute, there was like a Zelda P cross game you could get on
3DS and like there were some decent things you could get with platinum points, but it
hasn't been that way for a while.
Now you're going to be able to get, um, apparently physical items from the Nintendo
store, or at least they claim, I imagine you have to be fast to get those, but you can
also get digital perks like wallpapers and icon elements, but also changing your user
icon within the switch with new frames, new characters and new backgrounds.
So that's something a little bit new.
And some of you might find that silly, but at the same time, you're not really having
to do much to get these points either.
Um, you don't have to do anything like, you don't, you don't really have to spend
money unless you don't already have Nintendo switch online or something in order to do
that.
So, um, there are some rewards posted right now.
There are some various animal crossing characters.
I don't recognize any of these, but I think they are the same animal crossing characters
that have March birthdays.
So that's, that's the tie in.
And then it looks like some super Mario Odyssey icons.
Like I see, um, uh, captain toad in there.
I see some of the various, uh, like, um, the cheap, cheap wearing the Mario hat and
things like that.
There's some just unique icons you can get with those, which is all right.
You, I guess, but probably nothing anyone's going to drop everything and go for, but
you know, if they get up the quality of some of these rewards, that could be very
interesting.
I think, um, I just, man, I felt like we were getting so close to achievements, which
would be fun.
I just, and I talked about this on last week's show.
I hate saying this time blue in the face, but it would just be so cool if we could
have like a digital trophy shelf to really show that I beat kid Icarus without using a
code.
That's a bit, that should be, that should be recognized as the big fucking deal that
it is.
Yeah, that game ain't easy.
Exactly.
So I think it'd be nice.
Uh, E3VL says, log in a week, once a week for 30 points, mobile games for platinum
points.
Oh, I think that was a thing for a hot minute too.
You could get some rewards and like the animal crossing game and the Mario cart game
with your platinum points.
So that's, um, that's another thing you can, um, I think, I think is still available.
So, yeah, I think that's still about, I haven't checked in a while.
Yeah, I've, it's been a while since I played any of the Nintendo mobile titles.
All right.
Uh, moving on dark soccer.
What do you have for us?
I have a thing.
Well, and as we, uh, teased at the end of Bobby's show, um, uh, Epic games has made an
acquisition and we know that Epic games is a video game company.
They've got their store, they did Fortnite.
Um, but they acquired band camp, which when I first saw that, I just went, I burped a
little bit.
Um, but they announced that they were quote joining Epic games.
So there's nothing about like an actual, how much they paid, what the details are, but
they say that band camp's going to keep operating the way that it did.
Um, um, but that they turned down previous, uh, corporate attempts, but believe that
Epic is aligned with their vision and values.
Um, so it is what it is.
So, um, hopefully it will, it won't affect, you know, band camp continuing with the way
that they are, but at the same time, I'm a little bit iffy.
I just, there's things Epic does that just make me unhappy.
But now the good thing about band camp though, is that like I've been introduced to so many
good artists.
Like that's how I learned about Mystery Skulls.
Um, and it was actually, I had seen that whole video that was a parody of, uh, Phoenix
Wright, the, the turntable turnabout.
And that had me looking for that song, which led me to finding, uh, the band camp site,
uh, their, their album on band camp, which, which I bought.
Um, I found a lot of good artists that way.
So, uh, hopefully they'll still continue to be able to give people the exposure, especially
for people just starting out.
So, um, I, I don't know, it's, it's weird.
I understand why indie artists have reservations.
Absolutely.
And you're right.
Epic does have a strange track record, um, especially, you know, the guy running it writes
a lot of dumb shit on Twitter and, you know, picks fights, uh, try trying to be a, um, a
martyr when, you know, he has problems in his own backyard.
But anyway, I digress, but I see why people have problems with it.
Um, I could see, you know, and a lot of people are thinking, Oh, this is like a Fortnite
thing.
And, you know, no, they're insisting, like, they're not changing band camp or anything
like that, but it could be interesting, especially, you know, if, if, if Fortnite really is more
than just a shooter game, which is what the creators of Fortnite wants you to believe.
And if trying to try to show in interesting cases, like we talked many months ago on the
show about the Ariana Grande concert.
And that was the first thing that happened in Fortnite in a long time that really made me
look and go the fuck, but like in a good way, because it was something where it was like,
okay, Fortnite is being used for something that I don't associate with Fortnite.
And that was like an interactive music video type of thing.
So my point is.
That thing isn't exactly unprecedented.
Yeah.
But if, if Epic is trying to leverage band camp or indie artists exposure to tie together
Fortnite into some type of pop culture universe soundtrack made by indie artists, I could see
that there may be some exciting prospects there, but I also completely understand and respect that
there are some indie artists that want fucking nothing to do with Fortnite and don't want
anything to change.
And I think it's important to keep them happy or guess what?
They'll just form a new site like band camp.
It should be just, there should be options for it.
There's nothing stopping the indie artists from leaving at any time and going to a new
place.
That's the thing.
Epic didn't buy the music.
Epic bought band camp.
Some interesting perspectives in chat over twitch.tv slash vlog network, because we are where
every gamer has a voice and some voices on this.
Rama says, I did hear that Tencent pushed Epic's hand because Tencent already has investments in
Spotify and other music services.
If I recall correctly, it feels like Tencent.
That actually has been mentioned about it too.
But I mean, there's also the mention though, that since Epic acquired, uh, harmonics that maybe
they already had the interest in music.
Uh, S.
Joe and Hunter Matt says, uh, well, a wait and see, but I totally get the indie artist whose
livelihood is tied to this system that is now going to be in bed with Tencent as well.
Yeah.
I understand the reservations for sure.
For sure.
So we'll just have to see what develops and, um, what Epic does with this.
Moving on Loki.
Yeah.
So this is pretty cool news.
So we've got John Romero, the co-creator of the doom franchise, and he is releasing a brand new
level for doom too.
He's like charging a five year old for it.
And, um, if you, uh, make that donation, you can get the wonderful level and a hundred percent of the
proceeds go towards, uh, the red cross and UN central emergency response funds.
So for a good cause, and you get to play some new doom, considering that he hasn't made a level for
doom or at least doom too, since I think the game came out.
I heard some of the personal effects with this are very nice as well, that he actually has like the
community created identification files in there and that he filled them out.
Just like any other like fan content creator would, and that, I guess there's a section that
refers to what other wads did this creator make?
Cause, uh, WAD is the type of like doom.
Yeah.
And he just put doom dot wad, doom two dot wad.
And I thought that was funny.
Like it's the little effects like that, that made this cute.
But I also love the fact that, you know, like, This is a really creative way to like raise money for a
cause like this is, this is somebody coming back from, you know, the class, the archives really to get
back on the horse.
And, and I don't know if this was new or maybe something that was unfinished before.
Um, but I think this is really cool and definitely, you know, something that, um, is worthy of, of
tossing some point at.
So, um, yeah, pretty cool.
Yeah.
I wonder what other classic, uh, game developers, you think we could get David Crane to make a pitfall three.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Maybe a pinball table.
No.
Okay.
I don't, I don't, I don't want to make light of a, what is a serious fundraising effort, but I just think it's a, it's a really cool, uh, like innovative way to do some fundraising.
And I hope it's really.
All right, moving on.
I also hope this is successful because let me tell you, as much as I enjoy Microsoft flight simulator on Xbox series X, it is painfully obvious that it is just a port of a PC game running on the series X up to the point that when you first launched a game,
you see a computer mouse in the upper left-hand corner of the screen that you can't use or touch or do anything with.
It's kind of humorous to me.
Um, it's interesting that Legend of Zaku says you need to use a flight stick.
I do.
I'm not buying a flight stick may well, never say never.
I'm not interested in one yet, but I will say.
Flight simulator is like, it's a beautiful game.
It is just, it's a beautiful, chill game, very relaxing, very relaxing to just, you know, chill out and play flight simulator.
It's great.
So, um, anyway, uh, looking at, uh, the next story, which talks about keyboard and mouse support potentially coming to Xbox cloud gaming.
Um, and actually they're talking about flight simulator in this, uh, report too, is that, uh, you can't use a keyboard and mouse on the Xbox one version.
But according to the, uh, head of the team that made flight simulator, Jorg Newman, uh, there was a Q and a, uh, that was done.
And, uh, Jorg Newman said Microsoft is working on adding.
Platform level support for keyboard and mouse.
And most games on Xbox cloud gaming could include this method.
The quote is.
So the platform team is working on this.
I know I can't give a date because it's the platform team.
I don't know their dates, but it's coming.
I'm hoping it will be done by June or so, but I can't ever tell that seems kind of new.
Uh, so the verge, uh, saw this interview and asked Microsoft to make an official comment, which a spokesperson said, quote at launch Microsoft fight simulator.
I say fight simulator, Microsoft flight simulator supports standard controller inputs for cloud gaming.
The team is experimenting with touch gyro and is excited to embrace mouse and keyboard.
Once it's available on the platform, we have no specific announcements or timing to share at this time.
Um, some other things that could really benefit from mouse and keyboard support.
PC and Mac players could play halo infinite with their keyboard and mouse on the cloud.
Cause even if you're playing halo infinite today on a PC on the cloud, if you're playing it, not on the cloud, you can use the word mouse.
We've played the cloud version.
You have to use a controller because the cloud is all powered with Xbox series X.
So that could be very interesting.
Um, and, uh, yeah, I'm all for it.
I think, uh, there are some games I enjoy with, uh, a controller, but there's a lot I enjoy with keyboard and mouse as well.
Sure.
Doc was trying to win me over in chat saying it's not that expensive for Microsoft flight simulator.
We'll see.
We'll see.
We'll see someday.
Rob, what thrift?
Oh, maybe I'll keep an eye out for you.
Maybe that's not a bad idea.
We'll see.
I find flight sticks all the time at thrift stores.
So I'll keep my eyes open.
All right, moving on.
We may have one I could lend you.
I don't know.
What do you have for us?
So there is, it's right now still a bit of a rumor, but, um, Oh my goodness.
So Star Wars Eclipse, the game that was to be developed by Quantic Dream, uh, may actually be canceled.
Um, they were basically, they put out that, like that really pretty trailer and everyone was excited about it.
But, um, it was supposed to be released in 2024, but they're saying it can be pushed back to 2027 or 2028.
Uh, Quantic Dream, uh, well, first of all, we know that they've had some problems with their toxic work culture.
Um, but they were basically saying that with that trailer, the purpose of it was to, of course, attack, attract a talent to, to help work on the game, but it didn't have the desired effect.
Uh, no one would step up and work on it.
Um, the staffing issues are really, really the, the issue.
Um, the, the site actually is quoted as saying, staffing issues are pushing the release of the game far, far away.
As a result, Star Wars Eclipse is likely to be released around 2027 to 2028.
And on top of that, Quantic Dream has been really pushing to get more job openings, but they're going unfilled.
Um, they have, they update their dates for the same job openings and, uh, and now it's also rumored that they're trying to shop themselves out for acquisition.
So, um, oh, and the other thing too, is that they're saying that there's some problems with the, with the QD game engine, which they would be using for Star Wars Eclipse.
So any number of reasons.
So I'll believe it when I see it.
I really, you know, I like the games that they've made, even if I don't enjoy the, you know, what the, excuse me, what the company has done.
I would like to hope that maybe bringing in new talent and new blood, if they could get the people would change their, the culture there.
But that's, seems like it's going to be a bit of a pipe dream.
So we'll see what happens.
Yeah, that would just surprise me because they, I feel like they just announced that game and then for it to disappear.
But I mean, everything you're saying logically makes sense that when has that not happened before though, that trailer was supposed to drum up interest.
That's not happening because of all this other bullshit going on.
So like, I would have played the crap out of that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It is interesting though, the idea that they could get acquired, um, and that may be their way, you know, I mean, look at how Activision's getting out of this mess and how we're finally getting rid of Bobby Kotick.
You know, it's going to take two years in Microsoft, but, and maybe that's what happens ultimately with Quantic Dream is, and I can, I could see Sony being a huge partner for them, especially after things like Detroit and so forth.
Um, they make beautiful games is the thing.
Um, it's just, it would be my hope that they would be able to change themselves enough and prove that they've changed so that they can attract the right kind of people.
The right kind of talent back to the company and, and really put out another, another masterpiece, but we'll see.
All right.
Going back to Loki.
All right.
So we've got an acquisition by Netflix games.
Uh, purchase the developer next games, who is a mobile game developer who has worked on titles like the walking dead, our world, the walking dead, no man's land.
And of course also producing stranger things, puzzle tales, uh, which I think, I think that might be on their service that like a Netflix game service or whatever that they have, uh, with the mobile games.
I think it might be on there, but, um, basically saying that we're excited for next games to join Netflix as a core studio in the strategic region and key talent market expanding our internal game studio capabilities.
While we're just starting in games, I'm confident that together next games, we'll be able to build a portfolio of world-class games that will delight our members around the world.
Okay, cool.
Hope that happens.
Um, so far, I haven't been impressed with anything that Netflix games has had, but I mean, that can turn around.
Obviously they're, you know, they're doing a lot of stuff in the whole, um, you know, movie and TV space.
So why not?
It just takes the right game to really get them going, right?
You know, a lot of people were ready to write off Amazon games because it felt like, you know, that first game, I don't even remember where that first game was.
They launched that flopped.
Um, and then a new world was taken forever.
But when it launched new world was kind of the talk of the town for about two weeks, and now it's really died out.
Thank you.
Crucible since questmaster, that was it.
Uh, and now lost arc is doing very well for them.
So, um, you know, it just takes the right game.
Really get you going and get the buzz going about you.
Yeah, we'll see.
Um, let's move on to a story, uh, about a game that's been updated and I think this is pretty neat.
Um, it's game called the Haven, which I remember I actually played this because it was on Xbox game pass, but they removed it just in time for this to come out.
But I think this is neat.
Um, it, and the whole thing is like a love story is really what it's about because our relationships based story, uh, between two characters, you and Kay, and they're on a alien world.
And they do, they do the part of it.
Part of it felt like a little bit like flower to me.
Like, I know that seems weird, but the main mechanic of the game kind of, it was like flower a little bit to me, but you're kind of like dashing through landscapes and doing things.
But anyway, um, and, uh, pretty much the way this game has existed for the last, I think about two years that it's been out, uh, you and Kay have been a male female couple.
Well, a major update just came out and you can change the genders of the couple.
So now you can play the game if you want as the way it was before a woman and a man, or you can play two women.
Or you can play two men.
Um, and this isn't just like a re skinning.
Uh, they actually went in and, and made this work.
Uh, the characters have been essentially redesigned, but like they still retain elements of like the characters from before.
Uh, so they, they, they just, it's, it's interesting.
Um, and, uh, let's see, there are three D renders now of both characters, two D assets for the characters, new voices.
So Lexi and Kendrick and Ryan highly voice the new characters, because obviously now there's a new male character and a new female character.
So they have new voices with that.
So that's interesting.
They still have the same personality, the same backstory, the same life.
Uh, they say for technical reasons, it's the same body size, hairstyle and body shape, but I don't think that really matters at the end of the day.
Um, so, and they also redid the written dialogue in all eight languages that Haven is available in.
And any line that has explicit or implicit gender references, they've been modified to work with, um, the new like gender roles.
So like if you called K Mr.
Uh, that doesn't work so much anymore.
So they modified it.
So it's interesting because they say originally the game was going to have eight couples to explore a diverse range of relationships, but that was scaled back.
But this couples update has allowed them to go back and explore some of those ideas.
So that's, that's a very comprehensive update for a game that's been out for a little bit.
And certainly for many people, I think it's going to have them give a second look to a game that they may have skipped before.
So I think that's pretty.
All right, well, let's go back.
Let's go back to a time when, uh, you could not edit a game.
You, you just, you had the game you had and that's it.
You couldn't, you couldn't go back and do updates to it.
Let's, let's roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for classic game of the week.
But once a month, dark Sakura mixes it up a little bit.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us tonight?
I have the, um, well, it's the handheld of the week and this one is, um, um, uh, I
have no comment it's the game com or game.com as, as it's written.
It's, it's, uh, why did I pick this anyway?
Um, it is a fifth generation handheld console by tiger electronics, but I am
considering this just in general, one of those handheld electronics.
Cause really, have you seen one?
Um, they had, uh, it was released, um, on September 12th, 1997.
I think we still have one somewhere?
Question mark.
Um, there's also a smaller version in mid 1999 called the game.com pocket pro.
And, uh, it had internet because of the.com.
It had to have internet.
It was a 14.4 kilobit, uh, per second.
It's.com.
It sold fewer than 300,000 units and was discontinued in 2000 because of poor sales.
Yes.
Anyway, the, the, uh, it was, uh, it had brought out this thing called the
R zone console in 1995 to compete with the virtual boy, but it was also a flop.
Um, they also had like the different LCD, of course, games and everything.
And this is just really more of a cartridge based extension of the
little tiger electronic handheld games.
Um, so they, uh, surprised anyone would want to compete with the virtual boy.
Less headaches, maybe, but anyway, um, they, uh, they wanted this to come out
as a direct competitor to the game boy, and they were stated as saying that
this would quote, change the gaming world as we know it, and that it
would be one of the summer's hits.
Um, it was the only new game console of the year at, uh, E3 1997.
They expected it to start selling in July and, uh, they were saying
that it was interesting and called it a game boy for adults.
So it sold for 69.95, had an internet access cartridge,
uh, for release in October.
The game included with it was Lights Out and Solitaire was built into the console.
Um, it was marked as Tiger's largest project launch ever.
They had a website at the domain game.com.
They marketed TV.
They just had all kinds of business.
It was released in the UK for, uh, uh, 79.99.
Um, it was black and black and white.
Um, basically just, uh, it had a very similar design to, uh, the game gear,
but a lot more rectangular, not so sleek.
Um, it had a larger screen than the game boy and had higher resolution.
It included a phone directory, a calculator, and a calendar,
um, and had some PDA features.
So, uh, you know, it was supposed to be kind of cool.
You know, it was, uh, supposed to be simple, cheap.
It was powered by four AA batteries.
You had an AC adapter available.
Um, you also had, uh, what was called the complete.com serial cable.
So you could connect your consoles, uh, to play multiplayer games.
Uh, there were, uh, two game cartridge slots.
I thought that, that honestly, I thought that was pretty cool so that you wouldn't
need to switch out your, your cartridge, but it would allow you to put in like the
internet cartridge and another game so you could play it online.
Um, it was one of the first, actually it was the first gaming
console to feature a touch screen.
And, uh, it was also the first handheld console to have internet connectivity.
Um, the monochrome touch screen was, uh, let's see, measures, uh, one and a half
inches by two inches and had a square zones imprinted onto the screen to let
the players determine where they were going to apply their stylus.
Um, it, it, uh, the touch screen did not have a backlight.
Um, it, it also was the first internal, uh, sorry, first, uh, handheld system
to have internal memory, which is used to save high scores and contact information.
Um, they then released a smaller version called, uh, the game.com pocket pro.
Um, and it was also shown at E3, uh, May, 1999.
It was released in June, 1999 for $29.99.
Had five different colors because of course it did.
I mean, everyone had to, had to make after Apple that year.
Um, it actually was completely without color.
Um, it was designed to be the size of a Game Boy Pocket.
Um, different, you know, screen size.
It only had one cartridge slot.
Um, it required two double A batteries.
It included the directory, a calendar, a calculator,
but lacked internet capability.
Um, and it was meant to compete with Game Boy Color, but it didn't have color.
So, um, going back to those internet features though, um, it had a cartridge,
um, it required a cartridge and a dial-up modem, neither came with the system.
You could read email, it could, it could be read and sent on the
gameboy.com using that cartridge.
Um, it supported text only web browsing through, uh, the internet service
providers, um, you could not save your email though, to the internal memory.
Um, and, uh, you had to use the internet surface, uh, service through Delphi that
was made specifically to work on the game.com, um, the web link cartridge
came out that allowed players to connect to their, uh, computer and using that
cartridge, they could upload their high scores to the game.com website,
uh, to be, uh, listed on webpage.
And, uh, none of those games, even though they had the internet, the
cartridge that you could use at the same time, none of those supported any kind
of internet features with the games.
So when they came out.
So overall, um, uh, the audio for it was, uh, was mono, um, two 4-bit waveform
generators, uh, with their own frequency, volume control and waveform data,
and noise generator and one direct 8-bit PCM output channel.
Um, a handful of games came out for it.
It had a really, really light, uh, light, uh, library.
That's what I'm thinking of.
Um, it, they plan to have like a dozen games available when it came out, but,
uh, yeah, they, uh, that didn't happen.
Um, so the games themselves, um, were on 16 megabit cartridges.
Um, they were ranged between $19 and $29.
Um, the games that came out, there were the, there are 20 games.
Most of them developed, uh, internally by Tiger, apart from Solitaire.
Well, actually Solitaire is included.
There was Solitaire, Batman and Robin, Centipede, Duke Nukem 3D, Fighters,
Megamix, Frogger, Henry, Indy 500, Jeopardy, Lights Out, which was the pack-in,
uh, Lost World, Jurassic Park, Monopoly, Mortal Kombat trilogy, Quiz Whiz,
Cyber Trivia, Resident Evil 2, um, which I know is one of the ones I had, Scrabble,
Sonic Jam, Tiger Casino, Wheel of Fortune, Wheel of Fortune 2, and Williams Arcade
Classics.
Um, they were supposed to have a version of Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
Um, like a Furby game, Metal Gear Solid, um, Sonic 3D Blast, uh, a WCW game,
Truck Dinosaur Hunter.
There, there are some titles that were planned for it, but yeah.
Let's be real.
Thank God we never saw the horror of Symphony of the Night on this pizza
garbage.
Like looking at Resident Evil 2, which is what we're looking at as the, um, we're
broadcasting live on Twitch.
Like, I'm sorry, this was like garbage.
Like it's two frames a second.
Mission chat.
It looks like a CDI game, honestly.
Like it looks like a CDI Zelda game.
It's, it's not, that's not a compliment.
This, this is exactly what it played like.
Um, but at any rate, like it had such negative reviews about it.
Um, although the Wisconsin State Journal said that there was some serious
advantages over the Game Boy, including the touch screen, but, um, the, the
processor was only, gave it marginal improvements to the Game Boy.
And the thing is, is that Tiger, apparently from the looks of it, didn't
know their system to program it as well as Nintendo did, or else they would have
been able to work around those limitations.
Um, it does have a, uh, a lasting legacy though of, uh, of having been
a system that really, really tried.
There was apparently really good audio that came out of those speakers.
Um, the PDA functionality for when it came out was a big factor for it, sort
of gave it that, uh, adult, you know, appeal, but it had some of the most
disappointing games that were made even worse by the outdated screen.
And that is a quote.
Um, so yeah, this basically is, uh, it's been listed as one of the worst
consoles of all time, especially because of the low screen quality
and it's a very, uh, thin library.
Um, Nadia Oxford of US gamers, uh, said it died in record time because
it was poorly made to say the least.
So a legacy of failure, game.com.
Print that on the back of the box.
Um, I, when you, when you say you tried is kind of the takeaway from this.
I laughed.
You didn't.
Oh, I'm just laughing.
Cause I just see that gold star where it's written in comic sans.
You tried.
Oh, this, the star is lopsided and tigers would be the lopsided one.
This is fuck you.
I tried.
Or fuck you.
I did a good job.
And everyone else would just be shaking their head and say, Oh honey, no.
All right.
Everyone else would just give it like this, like puce colored star that just
says, no, the classic handheld of the month, uh, the game.com not, not
everything, not everything as a highlight.
So sometimes this isn't even a low light low light at least makes hair look pretty.
This isn't even that sometimes.
Sometimes backlight is like a flat shaded mid tone.
Sometimes we have to look back at our mistakes.
Anyway, uh, the classic handheld of the month, uh, once a month dark
soccer in the year 2022 is picking a classic or at least notable, maybe
as a better word handheld, I don't even know if this was notable to be honest.
It, it did.
It, it did garner attention because again, it was the first touch screen
on a handheld first internal memory.
It had some ambitious capabilities to it, but it's too bad.
The rest of it flopped, but if they had put time into a better screen on this
thing and up to the price point by like 10 bucks, that would have been a lot better.
I mean, bump the processor a bit, put a better screen and it could have,
it could have been something, it could have been a contender.
If they upgraded it to the point where it wasn't the thing that
it was, it would have been great.
But, but you do say what I mean though, about, you know, the touch screen
and that touch screen, we eventually got them in our handheld consoles.
Our phones are, you know, that I try to look for my phone when
I'm using it as my webcam.
Um, but we had that capability there.
I mean, this was one of the things that paved the way for what we expect out of,
you know, some of our modern handheld consoles and our phones and, and the
like, the internal memory was a big thing, having it act as a PDA was a big thing.
It was just like, what was, what were the PDAs at the time?
Not the Blackberry.
This was before Blackberry, I think.
A beeper?
Like, hmm?
A beeper?
No, no, no, no.
It was like the big silver ones that-
Palm Pilot says-
Palm Pilot, yeah.
It was, it was like, it was, I think it was trying to do too much.
Perhaps.
If it, if that capability had been sent into the games and the display
instead of all that other business.
I think it also stands as a symbol of that era where everything was dot com.
You just, you just have to put the internet in everything and it's, and
honestly, cause we know, I mean, not every, not everybody knows because
some of you weren't born yet.
I was at the grocery store yesterday, somebody behind me buying liquor and
the cashier says, when were you born?
The person says 1997.
And I'm like, ah, I'm so upset right now.
Anyway, I'm just saying, you all will feel it too someday.
If you're sitting there going, I was born in 97, you'll, you will understand
my pain someday, someday, bitch, someday.
By the way, Bobby would be proud of me.
Normally when I go to Daiso, they're playing like K-pop, they were actually
playing like seventies and eighties rock.
And one person's like, Oh my God, what's this?
I'm like, don't you dare say anything bad about Rush.
I will end you.
And they looked over at me and like, and then I hear from another aisle.
Yeah.
That happened at Daiso today.
Uh, DJ Rama S says, I feel this anytime I hear eighties and nineties
music on the classic stations.
Oh, it's even worse now.
It's like early 2000s.
Oh yeah.
That's agreed.
Oh no, you'll hear, I heard, I heard chili peppers on there actually.
Not like they're eighties.
They were playing like into, into like nineties stuff.
I heard Linkin Park on the classic rock station the other day.
And I was like, just take me now.
Well, what gets me is what the easy listening station sounds like now.
Like, am I, I remember when my mother would listen to the easy, easy
listening station, it was always captain and Tennille's muskrat
love on at any given moment.
I kid you not.
I've heard that song more often than I ever wanted to in my life.
Bobby Blackwolf points out Turner classic movies plays the matrix, a movie that was
released the same year as the game.com.
All right, I'm done.
All of the hosts, all of the hosts in unison were like, one, two, all of
the hosts in unison were like one, two, three, baseball at desk.
We don't need one, two switch.
We need one, two, what the fuck?
All right.
Anyway, uh, moving it.
That was also weird.
Cause when you turned off your camera, like they got to see the, the preview
shot and it went into infinity mirror mode where he saw the same shot over and over.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's move on quickly.
We need to, we need to make ourselves feel better.
Let's do some rapid fire news.
I hope the news is good.
We'll travel around the industry quickly and look at some big headlines.
Uh, Loki, we'll start with you.
Yeah, we have another fundraiser going on with itch IO.
So this is where you can get almost 500 games for $5 through itch IO and it's to
help the Texas trends community, because if you, uh, are not familiar with what's
going on in the United States and specifically Texas and Florida, lots of
horrible things when it comes to, um, marginalized communities.
So that's great.
Thank you, thank you, Texas for being Texas.
Um, but at least this will hopefully help the fight against that.
So you can, uh, check that out on itch IO.
That's a great cause.
I mean, fuck all of that going on in Texas, that goes without saying and, uh, props
to the district attorneys that are standing up against it saying they're not
going to enforce it.
Um, but, uh, I I'm very, it always warms my heart just a little bit when I see
gaming companies, especially the indie developers who quite frankly could use
that money themselves, um, getting in on this sort of action, this really lovely
Yeah.
And it, it, the, the bundle in case you're looking for it is called TT RPGs for
trans rights in Texas bundle.
Um, so just search for that, um, on itch IO and then, um, so apparently the cuphead
show, which came out, I have not watched it.
My son binge watched the whole thing.
He said it was all right.
Um, so it's been renewed for a second season.
So apparently it is somewhat popular.
Um, so yeah, check it out on Netflix.
If you haven't seen it yet.
Have you heard the social media discourse on this?
Apparently one of the people, one of the people behind the scenes on this came out
and said, well, it's not really season two, it's the second half of episodes for
season one, and they're doing this to screw us all in our contracts and
animation gets treated like this all the time.
How do you think your animated series get turned around so fast and
suddenly there's new episodes?
So I thought, I thought that was interesting.
I mean, you know, obviously it doesn't, it doesn't lessen the quality of the
show or anything like that, but it just, it's just basically the whole thing
is to make Netflix look like assholes, you know, basically.
Um, but I thought, I thought that was interesting.
Mike deaf points out.
There are already 36 episodes in production.
So it's, it's not really a season two, but it's a continuation
of what already exists.
However, yeah, that there are more episodes.
Um, uh, Bobby Blackwell says contractually, they get a three point three to
five percent raise for a second season.
Netflix bought one season and is batching them.
That's what it is.
That's how they're getting screwed out of it.
Just something to think about.
I mean, not that it should necessarily stop you from watching or supporting
the show, but maybe buy some merch or put money into the creator's
pockets, uh, another way to, all right.
Uh, anyhow, dark soccer.
Well, um, there is a game called Mina, the hollower that is going to have guest
tracks from the legendary Yuzo Koshiro as in, you know, the, the person that
gave us the music and streets of rage act, razor, uh, super smash brothers,
I train Odyssey, um, uh, one gun, midnight, maximum tune.
Uh, I am, I'm honestly, I think that this would make me just want to play the game
anyway, but the game looks actually really whimsical and very cool.
So I might, I might be giving that one a try.
Um, also, uh, Resident Evil 2, Resident Evil 3, and Resident Evil 7
Biohazard are, uh, coming to PS5 and Xbox series in 2022.
Um, so Capcom is going to be releasing those a little bit later this year.
If you already have them on PS4 or Xbox one, you can upgrade, uh, their
versions for the PS5 or Xbox series version at no additional cost.
Um, there will be, uh, upgrade patches available for PC users.
And I guess if you are on Stadia, like me, you don't have to wait
for a patch, it just happens.
Magic.
Oh, I still have my moments of giggle when Tuesdays and Steam goes down for
maintenance just for Dead by Daylight.
And I'm like, I'm playing right now.
Oh yeah.
Is it harder to get in a match though?
I guess you still have all the console people.
No.
Yeah.
And there are other Stadia, you know, gamers out there.
Not just me.
Yeah.
It's yeah.
Mostly I get into matches against, uh, console players.
It is definitely a drinking game though.
When you see it, what is this food that Alan is offering me off camera?
These are these, these chips you were talking about earlier.
Okay.
Wait, can you, can you lean in the mic and say what this is?
Yes.
Pajama pants on it.
Well, you gotta lean in there and say, you know, chip.
There.
They can't hear you.
You're under the noise gate.
You gotta get a lot closer.
Oh, the tips are made of meat.
They're keto chips, protein, and they're very thinly sliced.
Yum.
Yes.
Meat's good.
That's not the worst thing I've ever had.
I was expecting it worse, but I wouldn't want to like eat an entire bag of those,
but I guess that's the point.
Anyway.
Sorry about that.
Microwave bacon enough and it'll become chip like.
Oh, that's a horrible aftertaste though.
Blah.
Uh, DJ Rama says, is that Alan or evil Alan?
Okay.
So for those on the podcast, Alan has a very full beard right now and it's something
his hairstylist talked him into doing.
And it is, it is a very, it is a lovely beard.
Um, so it's, it's something he's, I will be losing my beard in the next, uh, probably
next week.
I will not have it.
So my suspicion I believe is correct.
So what's that?
My suspicion I believe is correct.
Potentially.
I'll text you.
So, okay.
All right.
But, uh, yeah, my, I'm going to be losing my beard for about a month.
All right.
Um, moving on, let's, uh, travel around the world and check out some, we get both
your stories, dark soccer.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Starting in the U S all right.
So we've got spell force three re-forced on PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one, Xbox series, uh, dot hack GU last recode on Nintendo switch, Aztec
forgotten gods on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox
one and Xbox series, chocobo GP on Nintendo switch.
And I can't pronounce this one, but we're going to try.
Uh, it's looks like, uh, don't use say bang in summer on PC.
And then of course, WWE two K 22.
Hopefully this one doesn't suck on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation
five, Xbox one, Xbox series.
That's seriously this subtitle on it that I added.
All right.
Uh, let's go to Japan right now.
Get in the plane.
Um, on the Nintendo switch this week in Japan.
Oh, this is exciting.
Dot hack GU last recode is out on the switch this week.
Is this the, is this a remake of like the whole, or is this just one of the games?
Uh, it is four parts from volumes one to volume four rebirth,
reminisce, redemption, and reconnection.
Okay.
So that is out, uh, this week in Japan on the 10th, uh, on Mario day, uh, also coming
out on the Nintendo switch this week, chocobo GP a Yay.
I'm excited to play that.
That's for sure.
Um, hopefully it's not too micro.
As you know, square Enix is in hot water right now for microtransactions, because
apparently that Babylon's fall game.
We didn't talk a lot about that.
Babylon's fall game is apparently flopped fucking hard because, uh, steam
is only showing that like a thousand people were playing it at its peak.
And that's barely Babylon's fall.
Yeah.
Babylon's fall.
Uh, is that, uh, that is the game that square Enix made with platinum
games, uh, it was also in the news because it was reusing some of the
assets from final fantasy 14, uh, there it's, it seems like it's like, it's
this full price game and it's like a micro microtransaction paradise.
Apparently, but a lot of people were looking forward to platinum and
square Enix getting together.
And apparently it is not worth the wait.
Um, it is very obviously shoehorned full of microtransactions and quite frankly
probably should have been play.
Um, so anyway, uh, yeah.
Some folks in chat quest buster says, Oh no, Babylon's fall.
Uh, orange.
Right.
Says Babylon's fail indeed.
Or no.
Oh no.
It says Babylon's fall.
Indeed.
I read that like Babylon's fail, but that's almost even better.
Orange.
Right.
I made your comment better.
See you in the intro tonight.
I said Babylon's flop.
I should have done Babylon fail.
Oh, there's always next week.
All right.
Uh, let's see what else do we want to do for release dates?
Oh yes.
Back to Japan.
Sorry.
Let's talk about the games coming out next week and on the PlayStation
five, uh, the medium gets a Japanese release on the PlayStation five.
I believe that was exclusive to series X on the U S so that probably
explains that and then a sass is creed Valhalla, the Ragnarok edition is out
on the PlayStation five this week.
Can a dark Sakura.
What do you have?
So we have, uh, coming out, we have on the eighth for PlayStation and
Xbox, we have WWE, two K 22 deluxe edition.
On the 10th for the same, we have assassin's creed Valhalla, Donna
Ragnarok, we have also on the 10th chocobo GP for the switch.
Um, the rest of these are on the 11th.
We have road redemption for PlayStation hotel, Transylvania, scary
tales adventure for the big three.
W W E E two K 22 for PlayStation, Xbox.
Hula on, uh, March 11th again for PlayStation and switch.
And that will do it.
All right.
We just have a few more stories for you guys, and then we're
going to get to some emails.
I know we have at least one email tonight and, uh, we will have maybe some calls.
We'll see what happens there.
So, uh, in the meantime, let's get to our next story.
Yeah, I believe it.
So, so Sony, um, is basically, or Sony air active entertainment.
Japan has announced that they're going to be ending support or after
sales support, so the repairs refurbishment of anything, uh, PlayStation
three hardware peripherals as of April 30th, 2022, they're citing that it's
due to the lack of parts and their inventory, and they'll no longer be
able to provide those services after, um, that date, of course, I'm sure
there's aftermarket stuff that you could do to fix your consoles if you
need to, but, uh, Sony themselves will not be supporting the PlayStation
three any longer, which I mean, it makes sense.
It's been out of circulation for quite a while now.
So not surprised.
Um, yeah.
All right.
So, I mean, it seems like Tony's just been trying to slowly get the PlayStation
three and the PlayStation Vita, like outside of the, like, you know, slowly
getting it out, um, but, uh, and this kind of goes right along with that.
How long until they officially try to shut down the stores again
online and not get no idea.
All right.
Uh, well, something I think we're a little more excited about, at least
I I'm, I I'm interested in this dark soccer.
I imagine you have to be right.
Oh yeah.
Um, so, uh, all right.
I have, I have to, I have to phrase this in one particular way.
I'm getting this.
We're starting off with that.
It will happen.
And I'll tell you how I heard about it was watching one of
polyester's, uh, YouTube, uh, things.
Cause usually I'll get like blood point codes from him first.
Um, but he talks about, um, uh, a tweet that behavior made in conjunction
with level 99 games, uh, which is a group that has done like video game
inspired board games and card games.
They are doing a dead by daylight game.
And, uh, there's a Kickstarter launching on March 29th.
Um, I, I am going to have this game.
There will be a standard edition for $49.99 with six killers and seven
survivors and two maps and the collector's edition with 16 killers, 17
survivors and four maps for a hundred bucks.
Um, this is, if someone wants to get me a birthday present, by the way, you
know, this, this order is coming up for my birthday.
Um, and I, I imagine none of the licensed killers that, you know, DVD is known for,
I imagine they would have to license those separately for this.
So we probably won't see any of them.
Yeah.
Like among the ones I could see, we have like a, a nurse, we have a trapper.
We have a, a DeWitt, we have a, a Meglet, we have a Jake characters.
You know, I'm really surprised.
I know we talk about this game a lot on the show.
I'm sorry, but also not sorry because you know, not sorry at all.
It's been around a while.
Um, but I'm kind of surprised they haven't tried to make, I haven't, I'm
surprised it hasn't gone full circle where they haven't tried to make a
horror movie out of it yet.
I mean, maybe it would just be a very hard story to write because, um, you
know, like without getting too in the weeds, I don't want to go too far into
it for the people who aren't into Dead by Daylight, but basically it's like,
you know, they exist in this place where they fight and fight and fight again.
Basically they're for the entity's amusement.
They are, you know, dying over and over.
It's not for the, as far as I'm aware, it's not actually for the entity's
amusements, it's for the entity's nourishment.
Ah, okay.
So, well, you know, eating makes me happy, but anyway, yes, yes.
For the entity's nourishment.
So, but it's just surprising that there is, hasn't been a movie to try to, you
know, to, for things to come full circle where like Dwight, Meg, Claudette, you
know, the hag, the trapper, the doctor are not like horror icons in cinema as well.
I'm really surprised that hasn't happened yet.
Somebody's gotta be pitching it or trying it, but it's going to take
the right script to make it work.
Because again, I don't know how it works as a movie.
I'll tell you what though, and it's a long read.
Okay.
It is a long and glorious read.
It's like a 70 chapter fanfic that I found and read to its completion because
it was as good as any novel that I have read, amazing writing, um, all of the
characters were very fleshed out, you know, very headcanony, um, and there's
one thing that, that I like good fanfiction, I'm a fanfic writer myself.
Um, there's one thing that is in lore that never made sense to me, and that's
that the survivors forget everything after they've come out of a match, but
yet they, they're talking about having been in their matches and, and things.
So that's sort of like a inconsistency in lore, but, uh, I'll have to find this
story, I'm going to have to put it somewhere for people to read because
it is absolutely amazing, and if somebody wants like their ultimate
Dead by Daylight story, you need to read this one, it's really good.
So, um, at any rate, I was gonna say, Tiger Claw in Chat asks, the question
is, will the movie version be any good?
Well, if the track record for video game movies tells us anything,
the answer is probably not.
Um, although I guess recent, recently they've been getting better.
I mean, a lot of people enjoyed the Sonic movie, the new Mortal
Combat apparently didn't suck, you know, apparently they're getting better.
Um, but they still got a ways to go.
Well, I think, I think that's entirely possible for like, if it were me, I
would actually budget for a trilogy and have like different aspects, like be,
you know, the, like the first movie, the first main four, and maybe the
first three original killers.
What was it?
Trapper Billy and, uh, Wraith?
Yeah, Trapper Billy and Wraith.
Maybe throw Sally in there cause she was the fourth, the nurse.
And have it be like their interaction, you know, stuff like that.
Like I'd even like throw in stuff from the killer's perspective.
Like they're like, maybe they were tricked into doing it or forced into
doing it or have no choice but to do it or they get punished or something like that.
And then the second one, move on to like a different DLC group, you know,
bring in like Kate and, and the clown and, you know, clown would be creepy
as fuck in a movie, nevermind, um, but do something like that.
Like I would, I would watch it, even if it's not great, I would probably
still watch it cause I mean, you know, the kind of shit movies I like.
And also most horror movies.
And I, I say, you know, you all know how I feel about gore and stuff like that,
but even like the most horror movies aren't great there, but they're
comfort food for a lot of people.
And as I'm getting to know more and more people in the community and
it's, it's, it's comfort food.
It's not great necessarily.
Like, like most comfort food.
Um, let's see.
Um, and Tiger Claw to answer your question, there's not really a main
character, although people will say Dwight.
Um, it's, it doesn't really have a major narrative.
Some of the lore is really inconsistent with itself and like for the ones
that borrow from franchises, those, actually, I'll take that back.
Most of the, most of those actually had to have some rewriting done to them.
Um, although, uh, the pig from Saw, her stuff is actually pretty consistent.
And, um, the Sadako one is actually official, officially recognized, uh, by
the, the, the owner of, of the whole Ringu franchise, including making Yoichi,
who was a kid in the first two movies, uh, actually making his adulthood story canon.
For, so Sadako and Yoichi in Dead by Daylight is canon for the
Ringu universe.
They, they really, and, you know, again, I know we talk a lot about this game,
but they, they really went out of their way to make Sadako work in Dead by
Daylight too, because they, they made the care to believe Sadako doesn't
kill anyone by her own hand and they really, they really went out of their
way with the graphics and everything to make it so that she's using psychic
abilities, everything she does is psychic abilities.
That was actually a, um, uh, a requirement put out by, was it Kodansha?
I think it was Kodansha or Kadokawa.
I have to look them up again.
Um, but it was actually a requirement of the company
that she not touch anybody.
Um, so that led to that, that the TVs be present, that the, the tape be included
in it, that, you know, her story involved, you know, water for some reason.
Well, I mean, I know why it involved water, but that's going back to the story.
Um, there is actually one other little bit of Dead by Daylight news.
Okay.
Quickly.
All right.
They, um, according to DBD leaks, um, they have, uh, uh, trademarked, hooked
on you a Dead by Daylight dating sim.
Is this, I thought I just wrote that off as bullshit.
This is real.
This is real.
It maybe it's gotta be an April fool's prank in the game.
It's gotta be.
This was on February 21st.
Oh Lord.
It's gotta be a tome.
Gonna be a prank.
Um, all right.
Filed on February 16th, 2022.
This is computer video game, combat discards, your blah, blah, blah.
Mobile device possibly.
Um, but this is, uh, actually saying a downloadable computer software for
mobile phone games for playing video games.
This is actually registered as a full game.
Let me Loki.
I know you don't follow dead by daylight.
So let me try to explain this to you.
Just how horny most of the DBD community is.
Oh, we got some thirsty people.
So internet community, horny.
Anytime, anytime the official DBD makes a post, the first reply, the top
reply will always inevitably be B.
When are you adding sex to death by daylight?
Or people saying in order to die in a horror movie, you have to have sex first.
When will Dwight and David be able to have sex?
Always.
Always.
And then look at the fan art.
I'm not even going to go there.
The fan art there's, there's choices.
There's some choices that people are making in the fan art.
Okay.
Anyway.
Um, I do want to say real quick, because going back to video game movies,
tiger claw reminded me, Oh yeah.
One just came out completely.
Didn't even notice for me.
And the uncharted movie.
Hello.
Did y'all know?
And yeah, right.
I was like, Oh, I knew it came out.
I had no interest in it.
Yeah.
They did do an uncharted movie.
Didn't they?
All right.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's move on.
Uh, if you dated Sally, would she be into asphyxiation?
Oh no, don't stop.
All right.
Uh, moving on Loki.
So Tokyo game show this year is actually going to be returning as a physical event.
Um, I guess it, you know, events are starting to go physical again because
you know, it's starting to become, you know, an endemic, I guess.
Uh, you know, over the two years, they say of various fun events
disappeared from our daily lives, but games still lighten up our days.
Games will continue to brighten up days of everybody now and forever
until they die from COVID, uh, theme implies such strong determination.
Um, unprecedented excitement is always born out of something
you have never imagined.
This is a whole bunch of fluff and nothing stops game except for death.
And then, uh, yeah.
So I, they're going to be, I went to a big event in 2021.
It had precautions and I think if they have, I mean, I don't
know what the precautions are.
So until I hear them, I can understand, but if they have precautions,
I think it'll be all right.
I don't, it's not going to, they don't outline any precautions so far.
So, and everybody, everybody has to assess their own risk in that regard.
Yeah.
Um, but I'm not surprised that it's, I mean, it's going to eventually happen.
Cause this is well, but also this, I mean, this is way out in what?
October, November, October is just Tokyo game show, right?
Yeah.
It's September, October.
I mean, they, they, we don't know if another variant will show up.
I mean, let's fucking hope not.
And a lot of scientists seem to think that if a variant shows up, it's going
to trend the way Omicron did, where it's more transmissible, less dangerous.
Um, hopefully fingers crossed.
But again, we don't fucking know until it shows up because they say it might go
that way, but it could go the other way.
So we'll see.
Um, so who knows what happens before September.
And you know, as somebody who would like to get back to doing some of these
events, again, I'm happy to wear a mask more than happy to get the shot, get
vaccinated, love to see everyone around me and be that way as well.
I'm happy to take precautions, precautions work.
Um, I just, I, I, some of this coming back will be nice, but again, if
another variant shows up, I expect it to all go away like that if it's
worse, which would be a bummer.
But yeah, it's sure with everything else going on in the world, the focus
sure fell off COVID real quick, didn't it?
It's just interesting.
I mean, I get it, but it is interesting.
All right, moving on.
Uh, I have one more story before we get to the listener round table.
And that has to do with a very, and it's something Jason referenced in the intro
about, uh, an interesting little story here with a missing game award for the
game Celeste, of course, Celeste came out in 2018 and won two awards at the game
awards games for impact and best independent game.
Uh, and many people are still experiencing this game for the first
time now that's what four years later, because, you know, Microsoft game pass,
or just, you know, uh, it shows up a lot in these indie bundles and so forth.
Um, apparently though the developer of the game, extremely okay games, never
received one of the physical awards.
It went missing.
Um, apparently, uh, there was going scouring on the internet about trying
to find a replica of the game board trophies, and there was a listing on
eBay and it was a real award.
So this streamer prestige is key.
Who's a YouTube streamer actually bid on the item and won it.
And when they got it, they saw that, Oh, this is the missing Celeste 2018 award.
And so he set it back basically.
Um, when he asked the seller where it came from, they didn't really get an answer
other than just liquidation sources.
That almost sounds like a pawn shop or something like a pawn shop could
sell it, so they put it on eBay.
I don't know, but I'm making it up a little bit, but it definitely sounds like
somebody else offloaded this somewhere.
Um, so yeah, I thought that was, uh, I thought that was interesting.
Uh, after figuring out that, or after prestige figured out that
this was actually a real award.
He got in touch with the studio and got it back with it, but got it back to them
in exchange, extremely okay, sent some signed copies of Celeste and reimbursed
for the auction and shipping costs.
So that's very nice of them to reimburse after doing that nice gesture there.
So it is a nice little feel good story to end on.
Although of course it also begs the question.
Yeah.
Like tiger class doesn't chat.
How the hell did it get lost in the first place?
Well, you know, when you get an award at these types of things, like the
Oscars, I think are like this, the Oscars may actually be different, but
most award shows when you get a trophy, you're accepting a fake statue.
It's a statue, but it's unengraved.
So when you go backstage, You hand the statue back over to the handler who ends
up reusing it with every person that cycles through the stage, because you get
a real one in the mail or some other type of delivery method, you know, signed
for FedEx, you get a real one that's engraved and has all your information
on it that actually says best podcast, orange lounge radio engraved on it.
Although actually, funny enough, the podcast awards back in 2006, when we
won our podcast award, when grandma and grandpa won podcast awards, uh, it was
already engraved, wasn't it?
Dark Sakura with our name.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So sometimes they do it all in advance.
It just depends on the award show, but the Oscars, I mean, the award we got
was, was not expensive.
Okay.
But it was, Hey, we appreciate it all the same, but we know it was a low
budget award and that's fine.
Uh, but for the Oscars, which are like solid fucking gold, they
send those out to be.
So I think this is, I think this is similar to what the game award, uh,
E3VL says, why don't they just give them the real one when they accept the award?
Um, a variety of reasons.
I think getting lost amongst the evening.
Cause think about, think about the outfits that lady Gaga wears to the
Oscars, where is she going to put a fucking statue?
Well, she won't this year.
Ouch.
But when she wins best song, where does she put that
fucking statue in her purse?
Like where did she put it?
It's a placeholder statue.
Yeah.
So there's, I think logistically, there's a lot of reasons they do it that way.
And just, you know, but, but, um, I think that's also, they want to keep, keep it a
secret.
If they engrave all the awards, they know who the person who engraved it knows who
won, somebody who transports it to the venue knows who won and they
make a big deal at the Oscars.
They always show at the Oscars.
Here's the two people from prime and Westing, whatever that name of that
company is that does all the tabulation, Westinghouse, here are the only two
people in the world that know who won the Oscars because they did the tabulation.
It's all part of that basically.
So, uh, fifth dream says the real Oscars are DLC.
You get them once the show is finished to avoid crunch.
Sure.
We're the friends we made along the way.
We'll use that story here at orange launch radio.
Yes, we will.
All right.
Let's get to the listener round table every week.
You guys send us emails, participate at orange launch radio.com.
You send us chat questions, which you can do that right now at twitch.tv slash
vog network, or you can join us on our discord server, vog and network.com slash
discord.
If you want to call in, uh, in the green room, uh, let's get to the email.
I know where there's at least one.
It's a long one, but a good one.
Yeah.
Participate at orange launch radio.com.
Hello, LR.
Congrats on the new dig.
Sorry, but I just had to write in following last week's episode, you
mentioned Tempest 4,000 re-releasing on Switch in about two weeks, and I'm glad
you did.
It's the latest and quite possibly the last in Jeff Mintner's, uh, long running
series of really cool and trippy Tempest remakes.
The first of these was Tempest 2000 on Jaguar dating all the way back to 1994.
Wow.
That's over 25 years ago.
Uh, Tempest, uh, I lost my place.
Uh, Tempest 3000 was actually released on the short lived Nuon platform.
That's right on Nuon.
Nuon was technology that included Samsung and Toshiba DVD players that expanded the
feature set, but also supported gaming.
I did play on one of those, by the way.
So I have played Tempest 3000.
Do not forget Tempest 2000 also came out on Sega Saturn, which is copy I have.
So back, back to the email.
Um, let's see, uh, but in 2000 and 2001, only four movies and eight games were ever
released for the platform and nothing else shipped after that.
Tempest 3000 was never ported to another platform.
And this concept was not seen again until 2014 when Llamasoft released TXK on
PlayStation Vita, which I have on PlayStation TV, and it is lots of fun.
Um, this is the game that would have released on the Switch, if not for the
fact that Atari threatened legal action, barring Mintner from releasing the game
on any other platforms, but to everyone's surprise, a remixed version of TXK
resurfaced in 2018, as you guessed it, Tempest 4000.
Llamasoft developed it and Atari released it to PS4 and Xbox.
As someone who has played a bit of both games, I must admit, I prefer TXK.
The difficulty ramps up more smoothly and the game is easier
overall than Tempest 4000.
So if you still have a Vita kicking around, I would highly recommend that
you grab a TXK while you still can.
The other tragedy is that TXK was supposed to have a VR mode when
it was released on PS4, but Atari opted not to include it in Tempest 4000.
So for your Llamasoft PSVR fix, you'll have to play
Polybius or Moose Life instead.
Yeah.
And also it is, I believe still available for PSTV, just throwing that out there.
Um, and then now that like YYR and by the hello, now that YYR spelled that out,
I'm like, oh, I do remember talking about this on the show in stages
because I remember that whole lawsuit thing that was going on.
So thank you for like writing the book report summary, cliff note version of that.
So thank you for, for like aligning us there.
But do you remember when I had my footage of playing
Tempest 3000 at Atari party?
Oh yeah.
I miss Atari party.
I know that guy moved and obviously the, the, well,
actually I think that Dan and one other person was left in
charge of the Atari party name.
Oh, it's just a matter of getting everything arranged for it.
I'm sure the pandemic didn't help.
No, it did not.
But, um, but I think Atari party could come back to saying,
I'm just, I'm just going to throw it out there.
I, and I, I haven't talked to Bobby about this.
I'm going to put my foot in my mouth big time.
Bog network presents Atari party.
I would just saying I, we could talk and maybe make some things happen.
We'll see.
Let me tell it to Dan.
Okay.
Okay.
You heard it here first.
Maybe, maybe I might, I might.
I might've just put myself in a lot of trouble, but we'll see.
Cause I,
let me finish the email cause it's long.
Everybody's asking when's OLR Cod?
When's OLR Cod?
Well, maybe there's the email.
Oh, shut up.
Sorry.
The classic game of the week was Metroid fusion.
This game is meaningful to me in a number of, uh, in a
different way than you would expect.
Brace yourself for my unpopular opinion on this game.
It was the greatest disappointment I'd ever experienced across 35 or so
years I've been playing video games.
Hear me out besides the great action and tight controls.
The main reason I love the Metroid series is because it drops you into
a strange and unfamiliar world than tasks you with exploring it.
The quest of exploring the world, finding new abilities and figuring
out how to harness those abilities to explore even more of the world.
Led to some of my very favorite moments across the whole series, but Metroid
fusion doesn't give you any of that.
It moves in a linear fashion through one area of a space station, then to the
next area, then to the next, after that, as a computer instructs you to go here,
kill this, do that, the exploration is non-existent apart from finding a
couple of small secret areas, and you don't even have to find the abilities
as they're given to you automatically when you defeat bosses.
Yeah, but the thing is that you're going to retrieve your stuff from these
bosses, so that makes sense, but still.
Uh, the high difficulty of the game comes exclusively from the fact
that they do more damage to you, making the difficulty artificial.
It's a decent action game, but in my humble opinion, it is
not a Metroid game at all.
Oh, everyone's wrong sometimes.
I still never forget eagerly anticipating Metroid fusion and expecting
Metroid prime to be disappointing.
But then the complete opposite happened.
I found Metroid fusion to be an utter disappointment and prime blew me away.
So I'll close asking what is that new ultra music last week?
It sounded so familiar anyway, happy gaming and enjoy your week.
Embracing the popular Aaron YYR.
Um, I don't remember if I said it on air.
I might've said it after the show.
So let me acknowledge on air.
Um, DJ Roma S made us a new credit sequence, um, to just kind of go with
the recent makeover here at OLR with my move, um, and, uh, decided
to change up the credit music, but I'm, I'm all right with it.
You know, we've been using the Corona trigger song for a long time.
So, uh, the new song is the ending.
It's just, it's just that simple.
It is the ending to Mario brothers three, but that's why it sounds familiar.
I'm sure.
So thank you so much.
Why we are for the email.
Really appreciate that.
And, um, in defense of YYR is opinion, although certainly everybody's entitled
to their opinion on games and there's always games that like people are going
to love that some of us aren't going to get, and again, I said a RE I said a
recent example, uh, Elden ring, and I've even watched people play it and I'm not
looking at Elden ring going, it's a bad game.
It's not a bad game.
It's just not zero interest in playing it.
It's not for me.
And that's okay.
Not everything has to be about me.
Contrary to what people say about me behind my back.
Not everything has to be about me though.
Just saying.
So, um, you know, that's, uh, you know, not everything, but with the Metroid
thing, I'm actually gonna somewhat, I don't always agree with YYR on how he
feels about this game, but this most recent Metroid game, Metroid dread.
Some of these issues you raise are some things that kind of
bother me about Metroid dread.
I don't love the chase and stealth stuff because the way I play Metroid
historically has always been very slow and meticulous and exploring.
So when Metroid thrust that on me, I wasn't like, it took
me a minute to get used to it.
I appreciate Metroid dread now, but at, in that moment I was a little
thrown and I'm not sure it is like, it's it, well, it's not, it's not
as good as, um, super Metroid for me.
So, you know, and, and, uh, some other Metroid games as well.
So just, you know, I, I just kind of say, and for, uh, uh, YYR sake, I
understand why a certain change to the formula throws you off because that's
what I've been experiencing with Metroid dread.
All right.
Anyhow, um, thank you for the email.
I don't see anyone in the green room, but I do see a question.
Um, but dark soccer, you need to go AFK.
Yeah, just for a second.
Okay.
All right, go ahead.
What's the question?
Quick question.
Okay.
This came in from Bobby Black Wolf who asks, when is your weird
owl limited edition arriving?
Are you in the October batch or the 2023 batch?
Oh, good Lord.
Um, I think we're in the 2023 batch.
I'll have to ask Dan real quick.
Um, but I think we made it into the sec.
I don't know though.
Like they, like we got our pre-order and then they like didn't record it, but Dan
called the company and they got our pre-order in, so I think we're in the
later batch, which makes me sad inside of my heart region, but good things
come to those who wait, right?
No, it needs to happen now.
All right.
And yes, dark soccer did order that weird out table that she talked about last week
on the show as we all knew she would.
So it's been 13 grand, been very pinball heavy here at VOG network.
Cause if you listen to Bobby Black Wolf, which I encourage you all to do, he
talked to last week about his new rush table, uh, that he got and putting that
together.
So I'm looking forward to playing that Labor Day weekend when I go out to
Atlanta, uh, assuming, but, um, uh, doesn't fuck up, fuck us all up.
What's that?
You have three weeks left to play Elvira over at my place.
Oh no, it's leaving.
Yeah, we're giving it back.
Um, so if you want to come play Elvira, come play it.
We're so we're, we, I think we have, uh, we're selling Mandalorian.
Uh huh.
And, um, I think what's the, uh, I think we're selling my shows in three
weeks, but I'll, I'll try to make it work because I still, I still have, um, the
stuff that Loki gave me to give to you, like sitting in a box.
Cause we had to move it to this house.
So I think we're, I think we're selling, um, Oh gosh, not ACD stuff.
Um, one of those other like heavy metal band ones, mega death or whatever.
Not mega death.
I can't think of it off the top of my head.
Like I can see the logo and not Slayer.
I know they didn't do a Slayer one, but it was like in that.
No, I'll have to look, but we're selling one.
Um, I remember the machine, not Metallica.
It's another not Metallica.
Yeah, we don't, I don't think we have Metallica anymore, but, uh, we're
definitely holding on to Ghostbusters.
So that's good.
Iron maiden.
Iron maiden.
That's the one we're selling iron maiden.
Yep.
All right.
Uh, comments and chat pod culture says voice of pinball network.
Yes.
Sometimes, Hey, we, you all have pointed out my office has a nice space next to,
um, you know, burger time there that something could go.
I think we can lend you a table if you want.
No getting a table upstairs would be the biggest pain in the.
Oh yes.
I know this very well.
I, I, I do think that one of two things is going to happen.
The Tron machine is going to, I'm going to get that or the, um, Namco
celebration one, cause I want a super pack manager.
Um, but they, I think these will actually, oops, sorry.
I think these will actually move into the walk-in closet and I'll
have a walk-in arcade essentially.
So, well, you could still, I mean, you've got a garage.
We have to park cars in it.
Part of our HOA.
Yeah.
So screw HOA.
I know, but it would make sense.
I explained to you off air.
You kind of have to have one.
Well, I'm, I'm sure it goes with any new community.
Yeah, it does.
All right.
Um, as 200 Matt says, pin cast channel reward episode win.
Actually you bring up a great point.
We have owed this community for three or four months, orange lounge foodie-o.
So the three of us, the three of us need to get our heads together.
And I think you all understand why, and thank you for being gracious and
understanding why, um, mentally I was not in a place where I could do it.
Right.
Well, you know, it was just badly timed.
Um, I'm in a much better place now with all that.
So I'm, I'm happy to do the foodie-o episode and I don't even, I don't
need a guest host or anything.
I mean, I'll do it.
It's cool.
I'll do it.
Shit.
Yeah.
So we just need to set a date.
So, um, and then once we get that out of the way, well, I say it like it's a,
once we finally deliver on that promise because things got held up much better
way of phrasing it, then we can open up the rewards again to these other fun
ideas you guys have.
Um, and I, I know we want to do that.
We're kind of, kind of backlogged on that right now.
So, uh, I will talk to my co-host off air to try to set a date for, um, orange
lounge foodie-o.
Speaking of dates, um, by the way, I will not be here on the, uh, on April
17th for, I will be, uh, actually probably in LA at that point.
Um, eating at Roscoe's.
I'm going to Disneyland for my birthday.
I love that.
Love that for you.
You can't stop me.
Are you going to see?
And this is a big step for me because I haven't wanted to be around like people
in groups at all.
Um, and hopefully Tiara will be able to meet me.
I have invited them.
I haven't seen them in forever.
That's right.
They live in Vegas now, right?
You want to come for my birthday?
I wish, but you can still talk to so-and-so.
I'm going to table that question.
I'm not going to say no, I'm going to table it.
Outlook unlikely, but I kind of want to try.
Okay.
All right.
It certainly would make affording a hotel easier.
That's yeah.
But I tried to get Blue Bayou and they're booked.
They're like nothing good.
And I'm going to be doing just Disneyland in the afternoon.
Do lunch at Carthay.
I can't.
Um, well, no, actually I could do lunch.
No, Carthay was booked.
There were only like a handful of places that had any openings.
So it'd have to like be put on a list to go eat there.
Have you talked to our gal pal Victoria about Aria snark?
I haven't yet.
I haven't talked to Victoria in months.
Oh, okay.
Would you talk to Victoria?
Well, I mean, she's just an expert.
Yeah, no, um, I'm going through the Disney dining booking online.
Uh, I don't think there's any secret tricks or anything with that.
I think there's, yeah, no, there's not.
I mean, there's also calling and saying it's my birthday.
I want to eat there, do it.
And then crying.
And that might happen.
Um, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says I'm trying to figure out how I would get enough equipment
into my arcade to be able to stream from there.
I'd have to almost dismantle my existing setup completely.
Well, here's okay.
So Bobby, actually, if you really wanted to do that, I have a studio that's meant to be
portable.
That's now in a box.
It's not.
So, so the Mac mini that used to broadcast this show, it's not in the loop anymore because
it didn't make sense for this virtual environment for me to just pass it to another computer.
But I still have it because there's going to come a day where once again, OLR will broadcast
from an expo somewhere and we can do it.
So I, Oh, it's the lights and the mics.
I see.
Oh, I have some of that.
I have the mixing board and all that, but you're right.
That would get, would get a little crunchy on the space.
But if, if we could do, okay, so you have to think back to when there was a Sacramento
IGDA, which there is, that doesn't even exist anymore.
It's Sacramento gamers collective now.
But when we did the IGDA expo, you remember those shows is about 2014, 2015, somewhere
in there.
Um, we did, uh, that show at the, what the fuck was it called?
The colony right next to the colonial theater where I do all these other shows.
Yeah.
I remember that.
If we could broadcast a show from there, we could broadcast a show from your, your basement.
That place was not a nice, Hey, I'm glad they had it.
I'm glad they got to do a thing, but you're right.
It was a very itty bitty space, but that's why the next, the next year they did it at
the West Sacramento convention space, which was much better, much better space.
Uh, GTRama S says, where did I get that gaming chair?
It looks nice.
Thank you.
I think it's just Amazon.
Um, and I say, I think because it was Alan's gaming chair and then he had the same brand.
He bought me.
No, we did.
Okay.
Um, I got this one on, um, Nick's recommendation.
He bought me a green chair for my birthday Christmas.
No, he bought me a green chair for Christmas, but the problem was green screening with it.
No, it wasn't the green screen that I could deal with.
The bottom was shaped like this, but literally my butt was too big for the chair because
when I would sit in the chair, the sides would like dig into my fat fucking ass.
So I couldn't like sit comfortably in that chair.
The ironic thing is I've now lost almost 40 pounds since then.
And so it probably wouldn't be a problem anymore, but Alan and I have already switched chairs.
So I can't.
Yeah, it is what it is.
Um, as the show 100 Matt is suggesting for dark soccer, there's a third party Disney
dining app that gets all the appointment booking data and pings you and slots open up for times.
Hmm.
I, oh, I know mouse weight had something kind of like that, but
I'm just, I'm just, you know, I'm happy that, that I'm going to be able to go.
But yeah, it's been, it's been a while cause of the pan panini.
Yeah.
I went, I went, um, Memorial day, the day after Memorial day in 2019, right after drag con.
Well, you know, I'm never going to again.
I heard, yeah, we went between Delta and Omicron.
So when it was like, oh, things are getting better.
And then it was site.
Well, we went right in between those and we had a good time.
Do you have to get tickets for galaxy's edge anymore?
I believe yes for that one.
Yes.
But not the Spiderman ride.
Fucking Nathan.
I have to worry about that too.
Don't quote me on that.
Well, you can't get them until the day off.
You just have to wake up early and do it.
That part Victoria is good at.
All right.
I'm going to have to double check the stuff behind that, but at any rate, yeah.
All right.
I think with all that we are, uh, to the end of our show for tonight.
Thank you all so much for listening.
Of course.
Uh, hopefully the sounds getting better as we get used to this new and improved setup
and there's more to come.
I still have so much I want to build in this room.
It's just going to expand.
I want to thank everybody for tuning in tonight, whether you were here live with us on Twitch
or you were tuned into the podcast feed.
Thank you for being a part of orange launch radio this week.
I hope you all have a great week ahead, uh, with whatever you're doing this week, whether
it be gaming, uh, getting ready for St.
Patrick's day, which I guess is in two weeks, uh, or whatever, whatever it is you're doing.
I hope you all are having a wonderful week.
Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio, tell a friend or two
about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
need more voices here.
Participating with our show, a nice five star review.
Wherever you found this show, iTunes, Spotify, Google podcasts, wherever it is, you found
the show.
A nice five star review goes an awful long way as well.
Um, don't forget to join our discord vog at network.com slash discord and continue the
conversation throughout the week with our friends and our podcast family and everybody
there, um, participating along with that.
We will wrap it up.
I believe dark soccer as usual is, uh, going to her post-show killing spree.
Uh, so I will let you go first with your final thought.
Um, um, words, things.
Yeah.
All right.
And on that note, have a great stream.
All right.
And, uh, Loki, your final thought tonight.
I get my new computer tomorrow or hopefully it's been fixed.
Well, it was fixed.
Um, ended up being some cables disconnected and apparently hooked up incorrectly somehow.
So the repair shop was able to take care of it though.
Um, Alan and I are getting some money back from the house on something we overpaid on.
So we're looking at maybe money in our computer.
So that'll be very nice.
I'm ready for an upgrade though.
And now those things will directly benefit OLR as well.
All right.
Um, that is it.
My final thought.
I don't have a lot, just, you know, the, the work is never done here with unpacking.
Um, but also just a lot more exciting stuff to come.
I'm really hoping maybe in the next week, Alan and I can stream together because that's
something we've been promising for a while is the two of us streaming at the same time.
Now that we're no longer in the same room and we have the bandwidth for it, it's possible.
So that's exciting.
Frost.
Um, I'll just shout out my social media, twitter.com slash M R Rob Roberts, Mr.
Rob Roberts.
Um, also on Twitch at just Rob Roberts.
Um, thank you so much, everybody for listening to orange launch radio.
I hope you have a happy week.
We will see you next time.
Thank you so much for being here.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for our live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio nor vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
