Turtles on the Super Nest, Turtles on the Game Boy, Turtles on Genesis. When Turtles get re-released, you can play Turtles every time. Four Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles games I've played, nine that I haven't. If you look at the list of titles on the Cowabunga Collection, you have a 50-50 chance of guessing 33% or 66% correctly. Cowabunga. These are the Heroes in a Half Shell, now it's time to play.
It's time for your fully human hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hi, how are you? I'm all right. I hate time-changing, stupid, shenanigans, bullshit. See, I'm in a quandary. I'm in a conundrum when it comes to daylight savings because I love daylight savings.
I love when it's light out until like eight o'clock at night. I love that because I can go out walking and stay out a long time. I hate the spring forward part because I just want to stay- You can walk in the dark. Because unlike people like me, you won't be in as big of a danger of being jumped in the middle of the park. Animals don't care about any of that. So that's what I'm afraid of. I've literally seen coyotes out by the river.
One of my friends pointed out in her podcast that when they do advice for runners, for guys, it's stay hydrated, bring music. For women, it's how to avoid getting jumped.
I like it dark outside. I like- Then stay up late. This brightness is bad for my head.
Also, Joe, you have to stay hydrated because those women give chase and it can be very strenuous.
That is really actually not funny. Stop it. Techmaster Loki, trying to be funny. All right.
Brian, but it's un-succeeding as usual. All right. Well, let's talk about something actually
awesome, and that is the game playing behind you tonight. What is that?
Freaking love that game. It's Loom.
That's right. It's Loom. It's one of my favorite games ever.
What made you decide to do Loom tonight? I don't know. I couldn't think of what I was
going to do, and I've done Monkey Island and Sam and Max, so I figured Loom would be appropriate.
Okay. I like that. We'll have to get Indiana Jones in there at some point.
And yes, behind me on my machine over here in the corner, correct in chat, YYR. Hi,
YYR is in chat tonight because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vog network,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And YYR says, I see something bad in your background
there. Yes. So my Burger Time machine is actually like, it's basically a Data East collection
machine is what it is. So it also has bad dudes on it. So I decided, you know what,
I've had Burger Time, like every episode, let's do bad dudes. And then in future weeks,
we will also see Karate Champ and Caveman Ninja, which are also on, or Joe and Mac.
Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president? Well, no, I'm terrible at the game.
I am not a bad enough dude to rescue the president. That is, that is, that is that.
S2100. Matt says Rob is a bad enough dude to stay awake after an exhausting week. Yeah. Okay.
Let me address this because I've been talking about it on my socials. Yes, I got to do a dream
show hosting last night, a bucket list thing. We had John Waters in town, and I got to introduce
him as he did his speaking show. And we did a really kick ass drag show after so much talent
that was on stage. And my understanding is John Waters actually stayed for the vast majority of
the drag show and watched it. Uh, and I do know he went down and introduced himself to
the drag performance. He was, he was great. He was such a nice guy. Um, the Queens that were there,
uh, my favorite name, Diana hole is my favorite name that was there. Uh,
I was wondering if any of my friends were there like Apple or mercury.
Uh, no, I think mercury is doing an upcoming show. Maybe. I don't know. But, um, uh, you know,
Don Davenport, uh, drag King. So obviously Don Davenport had to do the John water show.
Of course. I don't know if, you know, um, Queens specifically were Diana whole Bijou Bentley and
Chris front. And then obviously we have nine non-binary red for filth, Gabby. Uh, you know,
so we had, we have, you know, all sorts of people. I know I'm sad. I didn't get to go, but
I had to work. Yeah. I understand. I understand. Uh, some video, some video is getting out,
not at the John waters. That's strictly prohibited, but the, uh, drag performance,
uh, there was definitely some shocking stuff and it was, it was, uh, what you would expect
it to John water strike your local Queens. Yeah, absolutely. Um, and my other thing with that is
that even though I know I'm, I'm in radio mode now and I'm being very outgoing, um,
and the, so I've been posting nice photos on social media. Here's the part you don't see
the part where I had to park in the hotel parking garage at the hotel John waters was staying at.
And take five boxes of books with 20 books each over to the lobby. So he could sign them
and then take them back to my car. Um, so my back is in so much pain today. Cause the,
yes, I was given a dolly, but the dolly, the dolly was garbage. Like it just, it was easier
for me to pick it up and carry them. Um, so, and then obviously me going, running up and downstairs
all around the theater, like that's the part you don't see the pictures of.
So I wake up this morning and I, well, actually I don't wake up this morning.
I don't sleep last night at all. And I think it's because I ate crap for dinner because nothing was
open. So I was like, you know what, I'll go to Jack in the box. Yeah, I'm diabetic, but like,
I'll just like not have sauce with the nuggets. And I'll only eat half the fries,
which is still about 40, 50 carbs, which is within my budget, but it's still like,
it's just not good food to be eating, especially that late at night, especially when I've been
eating pretty decently lately. Um, so I think a combination of all those things, I could not
sleep. I could not sleep. And then of course, what else happens last night? Daylight savings
could not sleep. So I'm supposed to get up at, um, eight 30 this morning because I have a dress
rehearsal for clue at 11 today. I called out, I messaged the director. I said, I'm so sorry.
I can't get out of bed. Like I physically can't get out of bed right now. And it's like,
I hate breaking commitments. I hate it. But it's one of those things where I have to step back and
realize what is, what is the greater sin calling out? Because I do feel like I have a legitimate
reason or showing up and being fucking miserable for three hours because I didn't sleep and I'm in
my forties. What is, what is actually going to end up being worth? It's going to be me there,
not wanting to be there in, in full, um, full drag. I'll just say it in full drag for the
role that I'm doing. You may notice I don't have a beard right now. I will just say that. And, um,
yeah. So, um, I felt really horrible about that. And honestly, I'm still really tired. I'm just
pushing through the show tonight for y'all. Um, but, um, yeah, I'm ready. I cannot wait
to go to bed early tonight and tonight I'm going to take a melatonin to make sure I fall asleep.
All right. Anyway, you just described like my entire condition.
I, you know, what's funny is that I was like, what? Cause I've, I've heard of the whole,
like, if you have like a vitamin D deficiency or is it B 12 or D I can't remember, but I was
can do it. Honestly, earlier today, I was like, I need to take a multivitamin.
Cause I was like, maybe, maybe it'll help. Maybe it'll. And I, I feel,
I certainly feel better than I did this morning. So I, I will tell anybody who though is dealing
with at least chronic fatigue, like, like I have to deal with, get your blood tested.
If you find that you've got a fatigue lasting for longer than a week, get your stuff tested,
test your vitamin levels, test your parathyroid, test your thyroid, test your pituitary.
Okay. If you can go to an endocrinologist and I'm just saying I'm not, I'm just bouncing off
of what you're saying. Cause I know yours is just situational, but for anybody who has ongoing
fatigue, see your doctor. Well, and also, you know, I also have the diet and I've been very
open about the diabetes thing. And even though my blood sugar is super under control, it does
lead to, you know, can, can have some issues there, especially after eating like shit. So,
you know, all right. Anyhow, I know it's a video game show and not a Rob Vince about his problem
show, but sometimes it's both. So let's get into some actual gaming news. Some big gaming news.
We had a surprise PlayStation state of play this week. We got quite a bit of news out of it.
Loki, why don't I go to you to help us recap the PlayStation.
So yeah, state of play, lots of announcements. So they had a bunch of different trailers.
Um, some of these we've kind of seen some things before some we haven't like, um, I don't remember
if we've seen the deal field Chronicle, but apparently it's, um, kind of, uh, almost like
a cross between like final fantasy tactics or fire emblem or something like that. But it's a game,
it looks like from square Enix, uh, the Valkyrie Elysium, uh, which is a new Valkyrie profile game.
A lot of people psyched about that. That's for sure. A lot of people, I mean, that's,
that series has been asleep for a little while. So that's pretty exciting.
Uh, there's a game that looks like it'd be something that I might be interested in
XO primal. It's they're saying it's like a cross between those like Overwatch and earth
defense force. All you have to say it's a cross of earth defense force and I'll check it out. But
like, um, that's something that's coming from Capcom. Um, what else can I just say the chat
really commenting on that because, uh, orange is saying, I saw a lot of OMG Dino crisis. Oh,
wait, it's not Dino crisis. And as she went on her mat says the not Dino crisis game.
It's like, uh, you know, lost, lost planet and Dino crisis mixed together or something like that.
Maybe, maybe that's what they plan to do with rival schools. After all these years,
you're going to get fighting colleges, fighting colleges.
I think that's the new saints row game, but you know,
um, quest buster and chat says a streamer I was watching during the announcement was freaking out
thinking it was Dino crisis at first. And then was utterly confused when it showed more, um,
Bobby Blackwell, the chat says you were expecting final fantasy tactics, but it was I
dial field Chronicles. Yeah. It's just, I feel like there were a couple of those announcements
where it was like, we're bringing this back. I mean, where, where was the, um, space shoot
them up meets Zelda overworld Explorer. And then, Oh no, it's not the guardian legend. It's,
it's this, I mean, where was that? Just, just to fuck with us further.
They had a returnal Ascension, which is adding a co-op mode to returnal and a new area. So
there's a teaser for that on yet another trailer for ghost wire Tokyo, which is supposed to be
coming out here pretty soon, like in the next week or two. Yeah, it looked interesting. I'm
curious to hear more about that. Uh, for spoken had a new trailer. So, you know, it shows some
of the gameplay this time. Uh, and then of course we got another trailer for strangers of paradise,
final fantasy origin, which it's something it's unique, which apparently has a new demo,
but I don't think they're putting any of the demos on series X because I've been looking
for them and I can't find them. Well, the game's not coming out on PlayStation. I think it says
it's only a PlayStation four and five. I thought, well, it's of course, it's going to say that in
the state of play, but I'm pretty sure that's not necessarily true because on, uh, the, not
dental crosses, not Dino crisis game. It says it's coming to PlayStation four or five X-Box series,
X and S X-Box one and PC in 2023. Sure. That strangers of paradise was an Xbox.
It could be, let's see here. It says it is. Oh yeah. But for whatever reason,
you're just not putting the demos out on series X, which, you know, I get it. PlayStation,
it's that PlayStation exclusive got to get those exclusive demos that it is what it is
exclusive demo for final fantasy origins and the FESTA, you know, so it's, it's about the same,
right? It evens out. Um, what else? So we've also got, um, there was a trailer for Gundam evolution,
which is interesting. That's a free to play shooter game. Um, this massive TMNT,
the cowabunga collection, a lot of our audience talking about, I didn't realize there were so many
Ninja turtle games actually. Right. Uh, yeah. Well, it's, it's also weird too, because like,
um, you know, there's, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the arcade game, obviously. And then
there's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles two, the arcade game. So it's like, you can play the
arcade version or you can play the NES version. Okay. So here's the thing, here's it before,
before chat lights up. Cause I know, I know they're fast and furious typing because I got
called out on this on discord too, because I said that in chat, I was like, why? I mean, it, it's
nice for completionist reasons that we get the nest TMNT to the arcade game. But why would you
choose to play that when the actual arcade game is there other than the completionist,
this is my childhood memory and all that stuff. And then I was reminded there were bonus levels
in the NES version. I completely forgot about that. Um, but you know what you don't have the
voice acting tonight. I die in on turtle soup. Like you don't have any of that in the NES version.
So I just, I do want to, I do want to point that out. There are things missing from the NES
version that I think are pretty awesome. So yeah, so basically you have a lot of different games,
so 13 games. Uh, so the arcade game, you've got turtles in time, uh, the, the Ninja Turtles NES
game, which is super hard, uh, you know, nitro's to the arcade, um, turtles three, the Manhattan
project, uh, tournament fighters for the NES. I didn't remember that being on the NES. I thought
that was on super Nintendo, um, turtles in time. I think it was right in that era where they were
still making NES games and probably they were getting bought more in other regions than just
North America. Um, I remember trying to fighters on most people in Genesis game. Yeah. Because they
had that blockbuster challenge thing while back with NBA jam and turtles and the tournament
fighters that you had to do. So I remember playing that that's right. Um, so they had the
tournament fires on super Nintendo and Genesis, uh, the hyper stone heist on the Genesis. Uh,
then I think I mentioned turtles in time, uh, fall, the foot clan from game boy, um,
nitro's to back from the sewers and turtles three radical rescue all on the game boy.
So that's, uh, quite the collections coming out later this year. Yes, it is.
I think, I feel like it's missing something. Didn't they do a reboot on Xbox three 60?
Like, uh, they did arcade game inspired game. Yeah. I mean, that's probably, it's probably
too late. Like I know, I, I know it was on three 60 arcade. Well, there's the new one
that's coming out too. That's not out yet. Yeah, of course that's not going to be in it, but, um,
yeah. Turtles in time reshelved. Was that what it was? Hmm. Um, anyway, but, um,
still, I mean, basically what this is, it's the Castlevania collection.
It's the contract was, was there a contract collection? It was a contract collection,
right there, the classic economy arcade collection. It's it's that, but now with
Ninja turtles, but I think a lot of people are surprised because this one feels a lot more
complete because the Castlevania collection was missing stuff, right? Hence why we got the
Castlevania advanced collection. And I still feel like there's hella Castlevania games were missing.
Um, so if, but I can also understand if you're going to have to go through the hassle of getting
the licenses of the Ninja turtles, you know, cause this has to be a partnership who owns the
Nickelodeon has the rights now. Oh, parents, that umbrella bait. Well, that's part of paramount.
Yeah. So they have to get the license there. And then I guess EA probably doesn't have license
rights anymore. Right. Cause they did at one point. Cause I remember that was the Xbox three
60. They had to go through that. Um, so this feels very complete and I think it's because
of the licensing and the fact that they're only going to do it once. You know what I mean? So,
yeah, but that's exciting. I guess this is Konami's business now.
Just milk in the retro games and collections. I don't hate it. You know, I'm, I'm still very
much like, why wouldn't you just like fucking, well, no, I don't want them doing a new game.
I want them selling the IP to someone who could do it justice. Like why won't you sell the silent
hill IP to somebody else? They tried new games with like, what was it? That soccer game that
they just put out in the middle here, right? Or no, the metal game, Contra game and the Contra
games. Those that's three for three for sucking. So it's like, yeah, maybe, maybe don't try anymore.
But they can make good partnerships. Uh, because that's all this, these are good partnerships
is what these collections are. So, um, yeah. Uh, what else? Uh, they had a trailer for Gigabash,
which looks like War of the Monsters, um, Jojo Bazaar's Adventure All-Star Battle R.
So it's, uh, I think it's a re-release maybe or remaster or something like that. And then a
new trailer for truck to Yuma or Yomi, truck to Yomi. That's a lot of stuff for 20 minutes.
That's pretty impressive. I have to admit, I wasn't able to watch it live. I had to kind of
get the recap and the wrap ups just because I had a work meeting at the time, uh, cause it was two
o'clock Pacific. So there was no way I could watch it live, but, um, yeah, I thought it was, uh,
pretty action packed. Um, there are two to you and chat says for the record, I liked Rogue Corps,
but, and that's talking about the Contra game, but it had its issue. Sure. Um, you know, and,
and to be fair, you know, Loki did mention a three for three Konami suck fest there.
If we take the popular opinion, you know, there's always going to be somebody that sticks up for
the bad stuff. I get it. But if you go a little further back, just a little further back,
there was that bomber man game that released on the switch. And then that was, it wasn't,
it was good. It was good. It wasn't like OMG, but it was, it was good. And they,
they did a lot of crossover characters with it. It was cute. So, you know, okay. Yes. Konami,
at least in the last decade has made one decent game.
What? Well, there was, I thought there was another, so there was that one Contra game
and I thought they did like another Contra game as well. That was like more of a side
scroller, but I think that was like a mobile game. Yeah. Mobile or the collection. You're
probably just thinking of the mobile game was better than, well, it was better than the switch
game. That's for sure. Okay. Orangewrite does say they did a mobile game. And there were other
Ninja turtle games that apparently were missing because I saw some screenshots of some from the DS
and Game Boy advance that are not part of that collection. So it's incomplete still.
Got it. Sorry. I'm I'm learning. Yeah. Some of the folks that are watching live are like,
it's recursive. OLR. Yeah. I don't know how to fix that yet. I'll figure it out. I just have to
hide my own output on discord. I'm sure there's a way to do it, but yeah, when, when dark soccer
turns off her camera, it puts her in the lowest position on discord. So which, you know, people
are allowed to get away and use the potty and whatever they do. But then it shows instead the
output that my co-hosts are seeing so they can watch the show. So I'll just, I'll just turn that
off. We should have recursive, OLR. Yeah. It'll just go into like a void. It'll just be forever.
Forever. YYR does want to point out in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network.
Don't forget Konami has continued producing Bahmani all this time, and it's still good.
Actually, they just launched a new Bahmani game in Japan. I'll give you that. And they've been
doing the PC subscription things, which I don't like the model, but people have been buying into
it and they seem to enjoy it. So good for them. Um, I feel like even though I know this might not
be true anymore, I know Konami has re-orged since the nineties, but in my heart, in my brain,
I still feel like there's the Konami there's case set. Konami, what is it? Computer entertainment,
Tokyo that did the home games. And then there's Konami arcade that does the arcade machines.
And I guess that would be tied to like pachinko and slots and all that is the same.
I don't know in my head. It is whether I'm right or wrong, just roll with me here. And in my brain,
we don't have case set anymore. Cause it's not fair for me to say case set is a flop because
we don't have that anymore. But like the, the, the space that that used to fill
is kind of a flop the arcade side of the house doing just fine.
So that's that my, like my brain is like, there are two Konami's one is bad. The other is bad.
Konami is bad. No, I'm just kidding. It's but it's, what is bad? The other is, is pretty decent.
So, you know, it's, it's, it's weird in my brain though. Oh, hi.
Guest appearance by Alan who brought me Starbucks.
Come say to the mic. You can't come say to the mic. Alan. Alan has a joke. Y'all
inside of everyone. There are really close inside of everyone. There are two Konami's.
All right. Thank you. A random Alan appearance on this lovely evening.
Well, if it's Jack in the box, it's going to be the shit Konami, I guess.
Can we not talk about that? All right. Anyhow. Let's was that it for PlayStation
state of play? Did we miss anything? That was it? Yep. Okay. Let's move on then. So
as has been a recurring theme for the last couple of weeks here on the show,
there's a lot of stuff going on in the real world, obviously, and it's continuing to go on in the
real world as much as we wish. Vladimir Putin would end this unnecessary invasion that he is
doing. The gaming, the end, a lot of you again might ask, what does this have to do with gaming?
Well, we have some answers for you. Gaming industry continues to respond. Right, Loki?
Yeah, so I think this is just following the sanctions that we that are on the country,
but lots of different game companies are basically suspending business and sales in
the country. So Microsoft Activision Blizzard, Ubisoft, Epic Games, they have suspended sales
in those regions. They've, you know, either blocked accounts or whatever the case may be.
So Epic Games, you know, they've stopped commerce with Russia in our games in response to its
invasion of Ukraine. And we are not blocking access for the same reason other communication
tools remain online. The free world should be free and open, they said. What else? And then
we've got, of course, you know, I mean, lots of different companies are coming out. CG product
red came out against, you know, the war. I don't think there's really anyone coming out in defense
of the war. But yeah, nobody, nobody is except no one's taking that wrong take.
Yeah, nobody is except for Vladimir. Like it's this one. It's this in, especially after the last
what 10 years in politics, give or take. Yeah. It's like the one thing everyone agrees on.
Yeah, so no, no Xbox is going to Russia, unfortunately. Same with Nintendo. Nintendo
is not shipping any more Nintendo switch to Russia as well. And they are also delaying
indefinitely the advanced wars game because you know, war game during war, probably not the
greatest look. So that's what they're thinking. And that was a little different because it's not
like a Russia thing. It's a this reads really bad in context type of thing because and Bobby went a
little deeper on this topic on his show tonight. And I do remember that it like, had like a very
like Soviet Union inspired sort of thing like that part I remembered, but I did not remember
that the first game opens with literally that inspired thing invading another country. Like
that's how it starts. So it really reads in bad context. So it's not just like war bad, bad time
for it. It's like war bad and story really not good in the current context. So yeah, it's going
to be going to be a little bit before. Yeah. And then the join all three Sony has also halted
PlayStation sales in Russia do due to the invasion as well. So no Sony, no, no PlayStation, no Xbox
and no Nintendo Switch, although Nintendo Switch, I mean, who knows those shortages keep happening.
So it may just naturally not be there anyways. Yeah, so those know what no more games for them.
And then of course, along with that, we've also got Twitch is withholding payments for Russian
streamers, which kind of sucks. Because, you know, I feel like that that's more of like innocent
bystanders in this case, but it is a purpose. Yeah, it is. It's an insight the public to,
to protest and rebel. Yeah, I understand that. But But no, I get it. Like, you know,
at face value, like they, there are many people in Russia that do not agree with what's going on.
And it's and I get it from their perspective. Like it's, it's it seems kind of unfair.
At the same time, there are many, many more people in Russia that are being lied to
consistently by the media. And it's these types of things that are going to wake people up to
what's really hard because again, everybody understands this is bad. So if you if you have
all the facts, so anyway, so I just just kind of know and I get it and I get it. And it's more of
like, you know, what else are they, they have to do something. And so it makes sense. And it's not
like they're just like, we're just not going to pay you period. They're just withholding payments
for now. And, you know, and I think for a lot of the streamers that were in Russia anyways,
they knew this was coming. And it was not really a huge deal. It was more of just like,
you know, not a big surprise. Um,
one thing I also I don't know if it was on your list or not. But you also had Niantic
because I saw the comment in chat about Bobby had said, the physical stopping of products is less
about sanctions and more about how volatile shipping lanes are. They're worried about
shipments getting destroyed. And yes, I get that. But there are some other things like and one that
obviously caught my eyes because I play a lot of Niantic games is that they shut off Pokemon Go
and Ingress and I'm assuming Pikmin in Russia, they shut it off. So you can't even play the
games there. And again, sucks for the people that disagree with what's happening and are,
you know, good people that don't want any part of this, but it's to wake up a lot of other people.
I thought this was really neat. And I was trying to find it so I could show it here on the camera.
Because you know, I play a lot of Ingress, which is Niantic's other game. And I thought this was
cool. It looks like it's unfortunately fallen apart a little bit. But this is actually in
Moscow before they pulled the game. They actually did some field art that was supposed to look like
it doesn't look like it now because the portals are showing so big. But it was supposed to be a
little dove holding a peace branch. So you have to imagine like you're looking at like a constellation
I guess at this point, it actually looks like if you kind of imagine you see the wing there and
it's actually a dove holding a peace branch. And an act of protest like that is technically kind
of like against, you know, the law, I guess, if you will, that, you know, they don't enjoy many
of the same freedoms we have in the Bill of Rights here in the US. And I thought that was awesome,
that enough people that are aware of what's going on in the situation kind of got together to do
that before the plug was pulled, because now that means that stuck there. And that's an image that's
floating right over Moscow until the game gets turned back on. Well, you want to get technical
technically, if you don't recharge portals within seven days, they they decay and they
belong to no faction. My assumption is they thought that through and somebody outside of
Russia has keys to those portals to recharge them so it can stay up but I am making an assumption
there. So but I thought that was a neat act of protest. For sure. All right. Um, any any other
boycott issues going on? No, that's all that I've seen so far. I mean,
I'm sure there's a lot of other ones, but all right. You know,
well, there's another half everybody. There's another half to this. I wanted to get to dark
Sakura for but it looks like she stepped away for just a moment. Let me see if we have some other
chat comments we can get to here. Thank you. sjo 100. Matt over twitch.tv slash vogue network says
Russia has been arresting folks protesting by the thousands. Yep. Props to these folks protesting
even though there is a good chance they will get arrested. Yeah. I didn't step away for sure. Oh,
okay. I just then let's let's let's go to the other half of this. Russia is encouraging piracy.
How so that's it. They're wanting people to pirate movies, pirate games,
anything to get around it. They have unblocked rude tracker so that Russians can pirate different
films. So yeah, they're they're trying to get around everything.
Yeah, and some people I think have been kind of very tongue in cheek saying,
well, wasn't piracy kind of already a thing there anyway? You know, not until now.
I think what pirate if you know where to look piracy is a thing everywhere. Let's be real,
you know, and again, I don't endorse piracy and gaming. But I understand I have said the words
out of my mouth, that I do endorse piracy when you can't get a hold of the game through legal means.
I suppose I'm now in a bit of a quandary. Because that's kind of what these folks in Russia are
trying to do. I'm not saying I support it because obviously I don't support the war and all that.
And I want people to be aware of what is going on. But I do feel like my brain has divided by
zero a little bit. Because I'm like, I kind of like it's it's a logical thing to happen
in response to what Hollywood gaming, etc, etc has done. It's it's one of those things where it's
like, I don't like it, but I get it. Mike Defton chat says Russia is taking the do what you want
because a pirate is free auto to heart. DJ rama s host of anime co host of anime jam session also
kind of reminds us also included in boycotting Funimation crunchyroll Sony, no more anime streams,
unless I suppose they are pirating it because now the government has really no reason to
enforce trademark or any of that to enforce international copyright or trademark or any of
that. So anyway, well, who's gonna do business with that company or that country afterwards when
this all gets resolved eventually? Yeah, I like I feel like the Russian government is just setting
things further and further and further back, like just doing more and more permanent damage,
like it's already gonna take so long for things to get back to where they were. I don't even think
things can ever get back to where they were. Unless there's different people in charge,
I suppose that's that's how things get back to where they, you know, and hopefully a better
direction even, but it's gonna take a big move like that. And I don't think that's coming anytime
soon. And that's why, you know, to circle back to the gaming stuff. That's why a game like Advance
Wars, one and two. That's why they refunded all of the money. And that's why they, you know,
they don't have a new date for any of that. I think we just don't know how long this is
going to take. Wait, you're supposed to refund people money on things when you don't have a date
when something's going to be released. Looking at you, Tommy. Hey. Oof. Oof. Oof. Roblox. Oof.
Uh, but yeah, Nintendo just doesn't know when it's ever going to be safe to release the game. So
and it's going to take this ending, which could be a very, very long time
for that to be appropriate. So all right, let's move on and get to our next segment and talk a
little bit about our gaming weeks and the types of things we've been playing to take our mind off of
these horrific things in the world and so forth. DarkSakura, as usual, I'll start with you. How was
your gaming week? I've been playing Chrono Trigger and I actually had a problem yesterday where I
didn't realize until almost the end of my stream that my mic was muted because no one was talking
in my chat, but I, but Shane came by. Oh, cool. And we chatted for a bit and some random person
came in and wanted to challenge me to a Chrono Trigger quiz, which of course I got and guessed
the bonus point question before they even asked. It was the one about the, uh, like what were the
name of the gurus? And I was like, well, it's named after the three wise men of legend. So,
you know, Casper, Balthasar and Melchior, who is, you know, and he's like, well, that's actually was
the other, the other question because it was, you know, who they were. I'm like, well, okay.
But it was really fun as I welcomed them to come back in and do the quiz when other people were
in there, uh, when I'm playing Chrono Trigger. So that's on Saturday and Wednesday, 8 30 Pacific.
Um, we just got, I just got the Epoch last night, so pretty happy. Um, and I'm back in the
kingdom of zeal with my favorite music in the game. And, uh, I, uh, uh, of course I'm playing
Dead by Daylight. I'm holding off on Fantasian because honestly I'm kind of bored. I'm just in
that part where I'm too low level to do boss battles. So it'd be nothing but a grind until
I'm ready to do the other things. So it is what it is. So, um, I've decided to put off Fantasian
until after I get back from, um, from, uh, LA for my birthday. Um, just to give myself like a little,
we're getting, we're going to see other games. We're going to see other games. Um, but I'm also
still playing board scapes. Um, it's pretty fun. Um, uh, I've also been playing a little bit of
just, you know, pinball in general around the house and yeah, but, um, by the way, I got three
adepts the day Sadako came out. I adapted Sadako first day. I adapted, uh, artist,
which I've been trying to do. And I just finally just went in and did it. And guess who else I
adapted? This one is, is a surprise for me. You were trying to do Billy when I was watching.
And I was like, that is, I hate Billy. I hate Billy. Oh, you got close. I got a couple of
times. Right. I was lurking. So it was kind of like, there were two hatch escapes on my best
games. Oh, ah, damn. But I, I adopted blight. That's hard. Light's hard to control. I played
blight three times, including that game. Oh, congrats. And I just, it got, I got me on
midwich and I said, I'm going to do what I do with huntress. And I'm going to play him as super M1.
I got a couple of Russia tax off, which, okay. That was, that was fine. I hate blight. I hated
the outfit. I put him in, I keep forgetting that he drips that crap and he's absolutely disgusting.
And it like, he turns my stomach. He literally turns my stomach almost as much as the clown does
when he's actually in clown makeup. It turns my stomach. It's just disgusting. But that means I
never have to play blight again, just like I never have to play nurse again. Although I am going to
learn Sally and Sally is back. We missed her. We missed you, miss Smithson. Welcome back.
I quickly go back to the Corona trigger thing for a minute, because I I'm curious about this
whole pop quiz in the middle of your stream. It was at the end of it. Actually, my, my,
my stream went long because of it. Did the person give you biddies for correct answers? No,
I wish they had, but no, they actually followed me. I mean, there was that. So I've okay. Well,
at least there's at least you got to follow it at least because I always, I always find it weird. I
actually kind of think it's, I mean, I, it depends on the streamer like, and again, I didn't advertise
or anything. Yeah, but I'm just like, I always find it tacky when someone comes in and wants
to completely like say, I want to, I want to play this game. Do you want to play a game?
You know, I don't know. It's, it's, it's weird. But like, if they give me money,
I'm a lot less sweet about they're like, Hey, a lot of it is trigger. How much do you know
about it? Do you mind if I, if I test you? I'm like, I don't mind. I love stuff like that.
All right. Yeah. A lot of it is how you do it. Right? Like if somebody had come in and said,
I bet you don't know your chrono trigger. I'm going to quiz you. And if you get these right,
I will follow you. Okay. That's because I didn't start off like that. They're just like,
how well would you say, you know, chrono trigger? And I'm like, it's been a while, but I think I
know my, my stuff pretty well. And like, I was answering stuff about like the soundtrack because
I've owned a copy of the soundtrack for years. And especially since it was my favorite one,
my favorite song, which is, uh, the corridors of time, but not quarters of time. It's, uh,
yeah, I think it's quarters of time, which is the, uh, Enhasa theme,
the one for shallow level. I have to remember it again, but yeah, I mean,
yeah, it was fun. I had a good time. It was also nice to see Shane.
Fifth dream and chat is where I'm thinking with this fifth dream says this comment saying,
Oh, you have a Nirvana shirt on named their top 78 songs. That's that's like,
that's where I'm like, I, I find that shit tacky, but you were right. And Mike Deft agrees here.
It's about the, how it's the, how you do it. And it sounds like it was fine in your case,
but I've seen the cringe. Okay. Like if they were, if they were getting,
now I will tell you something that one as a female presenting gamer gets is the gatekeeping
oval. Prove you're a real gamer. I sorta was wondering if that maybe,
and that's kind of why I asked what I did, if maybe that was playing into it a little,
and again, it's the way it says, okay, good, good. Because I mean, the moment that someone is like,
you know, prove it. I'm like, I don't have shit to prove to you. Prove to me. You're a real gamer,
you know, tell me, tell me, uh, what are all of the, the color doors in mousetrap for click-a-vision
describe the click-a-vision controller for me. What was the first video game system that used
cartridges? Do you know, do you, huh? Food for thought.
What was the name of the, of the main character in the guardian legend?
Huh? Doesn't have a name. She's the guardian.
Food for thought.
Food for thought. You have sat by.
Yeah, that, that, that's what I would do if someone tried to make me prove things. Cause
I don't have shit to prove to anybody. I wouldn't, I would just say, I don't have
shit to prove to you a block. Like I, I would, but I, I, everybody has their own freedom to
respond. Yeah. But if it's, if it's while I'm streaming, I'm going to get content out of it.
So I'm just, let's make it a clip, right? I'll get content out of it. Sure. Why not?
What was I going to say? Words with that? No, I was going to say, I was going to say literally
Darcy, I know we're not quite to a thousand episodes, but I would say between bonus streams,
bonus shows, live events, et cetera. You take a thousand episodes, you multiply it by three hours
an episode. You have easily done 3000 hours of content where you talk about video games.
Yeah. Online.
Yeah. And I would ask even a little bit before that too.
Yeah. And I would ask these babies that try to come in and want you to prove like
how many hours have you talked about video games? You know,
That's like the people who play dead by daylight. How many hours do you have in the game? Well,
you can have a bajillion hours and suck at it. I am living proof. I have hundreds of
hours of dead by daylight. I still can't fucking loop a killer. Okay. Like,
Oh, I took, I'm talking about the people I go, I've got like 50,000 hours in dead by daylight,
which for the record, um, I have 486 hours. I would have thought you had more with all
the streaming you do. I would have thought you had, well, I'm streaming more, but I was only
playing it when I was streaming. So I'm at like 300 hours. Wow. And 67 achievements and only one
of them has to do with a survivor. I take that back to the, get out the gate one and the start
with a full load. All right. Um, I do, and maybe I like a boon because I played Michaela,
but whatever I do want to acknowledge, um, in our chat, uh, we have a hype train going and, uh,
I know I don't usually, I don't usually credit all that stuff till the end of the show because
we are recording a podcast. And when you're listening on the podcast feed on iTunes, Spotify,
whatever it is you use to listen to spot podcasts, you can't see the video. You can't see these
things going on. So I don't usually go out of my way to acknowledge them, but, um, because I see a
lot is pouring in right now. I just want to say thank you. Um, thank you for that. Really. You
all are so generous and kind, and we did it stay tuned for the end of the show. I will give everyone
person shout outs after we read it. Okay. Um, let's go to more gaming weeks. Loki, how was your
gaming week? Uh, my game is pretty good. It's got my computer back and it's fixed and it works
and that's great. It wasn't anything too bad. So apparently it's funny timing too. So it is
a new to me computer that was built for somebody by artesian builds. Oh no. We've been in a lot of
hot water. Oh, they are garbage. Oh no. Oh, did you see, did you see what they were doing live
on stream? Let's go to the wheel of yikes. I watched that shit. That was, Oh, fuck them.
Yeah. So, uh, their company's no longer good, which is, it's just funny though, because
so this computer is under warranty. Uh, actually with what, with what? Well, it was under warranty
when the company existed. Um, you know, now that it's not existing, maybe not so much through the
magic though of, uh, internet and my wonderful explet V cam, we can actually take a look at
this wonderful new PC. Um, Oh, Oh, getting high tech on us now. Oh,
Oh, Loki got the fancy pants set up now. Oh yeah. So, so it's a, so just to explain,
I'm showing off my PC case here. Of course, got, you got Loki on top there. Um, and then,
so basically this is a 10, 9, 10, 900 KF, uh, with a G-force, a 3080 TI, 32 gigs of Ram and
six terabytes of hard drive. And yeah, it's, it's fantastic. And it, it plays Minecraft very well
because that's what I've been using it for. Um, because I have to, I mean, but yeah,
so I really liked this. I couldn't figure out what color to make the lights because it does
have all the wonderful LEDs and everything on it. Uh, but yeah, there's the, there's the horrible
sticker. The sticker is on the actual fans that can't take off. That's a magnet. So I can probably
fix that, but yeah, I just wanted to kind of show that off real quick. Oh, also has a dedicated
Elgato, uh, game capture four K 60 pro MK two inside of it too. So I could even stream some
games in four K if I had the bandwidth to do that. If someone can clip this for the podcast
listeners. So that way they can see it over at twitch.tv slash VOG network. I did it. So,
all right. Thank you for sharing. Um, but, and I love the, uh, Zen monkey 11 and chat says, um,
uh, can it pop popcorn? Uh, not that it's fixed now. So it's kind of, it's got a
AIO cooler on it, so it doesn't get too hot, but, um, it probably could before cause when I first
got it, the AI, the, there was a power cable, apparently not connected to the cooler. So it
never came on. And so I would try to boot it up to like, get things working on it. And I knew it
wasn't working because some of the fans weren't on the screen wasn't on that type of thing.
And so I had to take it to a shop to fix it. Cause I just, it was so tightly cable managed in there,
which apparently the guy in the shop said they did it all wrong. Um, but it was just a cable
that was loose. Thankfully though, the seller did refund me for the cost of the repair. So
that was good. And I specked out the PC on like actual like artisan site, which I are artesian's
website. And they have to be overcharging because it, it ends up being like a $7,000 computer,
which this is not, I certainly didn't pay that, but like, it's, it's fantastic. I'm not going to
need to upgrade this for a long time. And when I do, you know, need to actually update it, I can,
because it's not a laptop because I've been on a laptop for a while now. So yeah, I'll be playing
lots more PC games, a whole ton of Minecraft still. Nice. Um, I want to explain really quick
for the live watchers and this is, you know, podcast people might be curious about this too.
I want to explain a button that was just pushed because I haven't seen a lot of streamers use this.
So while that happened, Bobby pushed a button. And he and I knew he's been waiting for a good
time to push the button. And what the button does is the button creates a moment. So and this is a
thing all streamers, I don't know if all streamers have access to it, I don't want to speak out of
turn, but I know we got access to do this. So basically, you get like, you get it added to
your profile, your your collection for the channel, basically that you were here when this epic moment
happened. And you can kind of like collect these into a badge. And so Loki showing off his computer
ended up being a moment there. So I think it's kind of I think I think that's a neat idea for
Twitch. Like, you know, you were there when this happened. So fun. Oh,
yeah. And pot culture saying I should put the make it orange. I tried orange,
orange didn't look that good with least these LEDs. So like, I don't know, I'm not feeling
orange. I had it, it was defaulted to like rainbow, they just kind of cycle through.
But it's kind of like too much with all the LEDs on there. Plus, with the way the lighting works,
there's like an app for the case, there's an app for the card, there's an app for the cooler.
It's like there's three different apps, I have to adjust to get the lighting all match. It's
kind of a pain in the butt. All right, I don't know. Let me go to my gaming week quickly. I've
had a very busy week with all the shows and everything going on. So I'm not I don't have
a lot to say. However, I also played dead by daylight. I don't know why. But I feel like I've
been playing more of it lately, which is weird because the game. There's been less people overall
playing it if you believe in the things like steam charts and stuff like that. But I don't know,
it's been like when I just need 20 minutes killer cues have been a nightmare, though.
Oh, yeah, because well, they just so they just released the renew chapter officially on
Tuesday. So Sadako and Yoichi are the survivor are in the game now. And yeah, a lot of people
are wanting to check out Sadako. So the cute the killer cues get and that's pretty much,
I would say easily half of the killers I go against right now are Sadako when I play survivor,
um, which is great, because most people don't know how to player. So I've been getting a lot
of survivor points. You want to know what's great, though, is if you are good at hag or Freddy,
she's actually pretty easy. Or, you know, yeah, I was gonna say, you know what I found?
I have been playing a little bit of Sadako, I really like her. And I, I got like a 4k in my
first game with her. I'm not trying to flex or anything. But I think, yeah, there are some
intuitive things. And I think it is because I enjoy stealth killers. I really like playing
wraith. I really like playing spirit. I like playing those types of characters that can and
Sadako her whole thing about warping to the television sets.
Um, I love it. It's so powerful. Like and I when I go against other tacos, I feel like they're not
using it. Like it's so powerful all the time because they're usually by a generator it in it.
You're not only increasing their ear meter or whatever it's called that makes them go into
instantly killable. It's a curse. Not only that, but just like you those things recharge so fast.
That like, you can port again. So anyway, I won't go get too into the weeds. I know we talk way too
much about that game. But it's Hey, it's one we both enjoy. So um, yes, Sadako is a lot of fun.
I I don't know, I don't get into the whole tier ranking about because a lot of people say she's
not a high tier killer. But I'm like, I feel like I'm doing well with her. But I am also not in the
highest tier level of play in the game. So who knows? If I may say one more little thing about
that. Of course, of course. There's no such thing as high tier killers. There's high tier players
with certain killers. Fair. Um, okay, so yes, I've been playing a bit of dead by day. I also on
Friday night, late at night, I was like, you know what? Fuck it. I feel like streaming. I'm back
from date night, Alan. I went downtown, went to yard house, had a good meal. And then we're like,
you know what? I just want to stream. So I streamed from like eight o'clock. No, no, actually,
I think it was later than that. Maybe nine o'clock. I don't know. But I stream for like
two, two and a half hours. I did more no man's sky. And I was working on expedition five. And
it was really starting to snowball. I got a lot of like the landmarks along the way just like,
you know, I found that swamp planet I've been looking for. I got through like four rendezvous
points. So I'm making a lot of great progress in that expedition. I'm hoping it'll only take me one
or two more streams to finish quite honestly. There's a few grind things I have to do still.
But yeah, I feel confident I'll get through expedition five before it's done.
With streaming. I'm hoping Alan and I can do a co stream this week because he's finally got his
whole streaming stuff set up. So I'm really excited to do that. So I don't know if we'll
do no man's sky or we might actually do dead by daylight and do some five together. So that might
kind of fun. All right. Pod culture says Rob was streaming late. He was still on when I got home
from work. I was on till like 10 o'clock 11 o'clock my time and that's really late for you.
I still want to try to survive with you guys at some point because I need to do my depths for the
two people that have points in Yeah, let's set a time. Let's get one more. Let's have fun.
All right. Anyway, with our gaming weeks. And with that, let's get into some news. I will go
right over to Loki and start off our news. Yeah, we talked last week about a bundle through itch
IO for the trans or support for the trans community in Texas because of those horrible
bills. Well, now we have another bundle that's also on itch IO, featuring $6,500 worth of games
for $10. And it's now supporting Ukraine. So you can check that out over there. And yeah, it's
going towards the charities International Medical Corp, and voices of children. So it's I like that
second one basically helps children cope with the horrors of war. PTSD and readjusting to school and
getting back to being kids. Lots of good stuff in there too. They have super hot skate bird.
I Celeste. Yeah, I have to check it out. Um, one thing I like there's a game called bumpy
dumpy or dumpy bumpy. There's a lot of great stuff in there. I do want to point out though,
it's not 1000 games. It's still it's still a huge value. And I'm not trying to because it's,
well, it's not 1000 video games. It's actually not even 1000 games because it's it's maybe I think it
was like something like 600 PC games, maybe 300 tabletop games, which is cool is awesome. But you
know, it's it's gonna be different. It's not something you're gonna launch from your computer,
you got to print it out. But then there's also I actually think this is cool. There's like if
you're a game maker, I noticed in there, there's assets that are a part of the bundle that you can
use, because it was the same way. And I don't think people talk about enough. It was the same
way with that very important Black Lives Matter racial justice and equity bundle. I don't remember
the specific name of the bundle. But what they were doing on, you know, in 2020, over an itch
IO that had a lot of that good stuff in it, too, is that there was a lot of good assets and game
making things in it, too. So that is also present in this bundle, which I thought was pretty cool.
And honestly, most of these large bundles have that type of stuff in it. Um, you know, obviously,
we love to get a lot of great games for a great value. And these like these, there are games you
have heard of in here. I don't think that should stop anybody, even if all the games were like,
I've never heard of these. You know what, there's a future winner in there, I'm sure.
But there are some I wish I knew how to get my stuff into these, I would totally, you know,
include my I wanted to ask me to get rude in the communities. Okay, I need to probably like,
be more connected to this stuff. But I don't know how to do it. I wanted to ask, but I didn't want
to be rude. Like, why isn't your game in there? But at the same time, you don't like nobody has
the like, you shouldn't feel forced to participate in that because you have the right to make a
profit off your time and that game that you spent your time. Oh, that's hard work.
That ship is a long time ago, but it's fine. Like, oh, in my heart, that's where you were
gonna that's exactly what you were gonna say. But I think to be fair, okay, but you want to
I don't know where like, yeah, I don't know where like, I would throw my stuff in all sorts of
bottles. But like, I don't know. Okay, so Bobby, Bobby's organizing you the right direction. It
sounds like there are forums that this happens. Yeah. Bobby says they had a thread for about two
weeks asking for people to submit. Bobby says next time I see one, I'll ping you. Okay. All right.
I see it. Yeah. Yeah. See, I don't ever go in the forums. So that's probably why I don't see any of
that. So yeah, there will be a great cause in the future. Loki participate with that's awesome that
you want to do that. Because again, like I said, you don't have to. I don't think anyone can hold
you. You know, you should but that's awesome that you want to. And hey, it'll how many more people
will that get the game in front of which can be a great thing. Exactly. Yeah. All right. Also,
the other thing I wanted to say on that is, I thought it was really cool. The itch IO seems to
be filling this void that humble bundle used to fill and I'm not trying to shit on humble bundle.
I do. There's a lot that humble bundle has done. That is great. And they have done a lot of great
charity things and so forth. And they and to be fair, they still continue to do a lot of great
charity work. But I think we all know ever since they got bought. Things haven't felt quite as
organic, especially when they started doing that fuckery with the sliders that they got called out
on and all that other stuff. Like things haven't quite felt the same. So it's nice that this itch
IO and it's technically it's not actually itch IO. It's just itch IO is the kind of the method
of facilitation of this, but they don't own it. It's the community that really owns it. And that's
the cool thing. These bundles and these efforts to get it out there. There's an RPG called thirsty
sword lesbians. I'm down for that. Oh, in it. That's in the that one's in the trans
Texas awareness thing. It's in the same bundle. Oh, is it Oh, it's in it's in the Ukraine one too.
Honestly, there's probably a lot of overlap between the two. But that doesn't mean they're
not both great causes worth your money. So as to 100 Matt says I saved my ship for Ziff Davis
Humble sadly has to follow by their lead and that that's it. That's exactly it. So it's neat to see
that the community sort of fills that whole like gaming doing great stuff space and like the
collective power of gaming and all that all that good stuff. figments on there too. Yeah, the
chrono code I think the game was called it was on game pass not that long ago it was it was great.
And that's in the bundle as well. So awesome stuff. Anyway, um, sadly, I have to follow up
with a way less awesome topic. So we go from gamers doing good to really the stuff in the
gaming community that eats a lot a lot a lot of work still. And this has to do with a follow up
to a lawsuit that an IT security analyst at PlayStation Emma Maggio filed in November,
claiming that Sony had discriminated against women at an institutional level,
claiming in the allegation she was fired because she spoke up about a gender bias at the studio.
And then in the lawsuit, noting she had been terminated after submitting a signed statement
to management detailing sex and she experienced there. She filed the paperwork to make this a
class action lawsuit. Sony last month tried to have that thrown out saying that the allegations
were too vague and could not stand up to legal scrutiny. However, eight additional women this
week joined the lawsuit against Sony. So now, there are current and former employees. Only
one of them has chosen to remain anonymous. So that's very brave, especially in light of what
Emma Maggio's initial claim had said about that she got, she alleges she got fired right after
she said about the sexism. So that is very brave that all and you know, the anonymous
has their reasons and we are not going to you know, there's we're not going to lessen them
because they are staying anonymous. They have their reasons. One plaintiff in this case,
has worked at Sony for 17 years and got all the way to being a senior director of program
management. And in a quote, Marie Harrington said when I left Sony, I told the SVP and the director
of HR Rachel got Godben in the Rancho Bernardo office that the reason I was leaving was systemic
sexism against females. The director of HR simply said, I understand. She didn't ask for any more
information. I had spoken with the director of HR many times before about sexism against females.
Further in the statement, it reads further when two of the females were discussed,
managers spent time discussing the fact that they have families. Family status was never
discussed for any males. Similar stories in the remaining women's statements.
Derogatory comments included. I'm sorry, but I think it's important to hear this.
You just need to marry rich. And I find that in general, women can't take criticism.
Again, I'm sorry, but I feel like we need to hear that. Oh, this one's even worse. Sorry,
I got one more. One plaintiff saying on a work trip at E3,
I have a lot of thoughts. Sorry. My brain is like steaming here. At E3, her superior tricked her
into having drinks with him at the hotel bar, hit on her even after she declined and told
other employees that he was going to try to hit that. When I see things like that,
and a lot of this unfortunately goes back to E3 a lot of times.
We are object and we are not objects. Don't treat us that way.
I feel like a lot of this stuff, when I read about this stuff and like everything that happened at
E3 parties and all stuff, I know we've talked a lot about how E3 kind of died many years ago.
And I think what we're not saying enough is maybe it's best that it did.
And I know for a lot of us, the E3 memories were very different. When I think of E3,
and I'm sure Dark Soccer for you, I don't want to speak for you. Maybe I should just ask you
what you think of with E3. But when I think of E3, I think of all those neat games we got to
see in advance and getting to hang with friends and getting to network with other people like us
when podcasters weren't the laughing stock of the media industry and all this stuff. I remember
those fond years. Yeah, but I didn't go to these schmoozy parties and stuff like that.
And when I hear about this type of stuff, I go like, maybe it's best E3 did.
Maybe it's best there is no more E3. Because I sit here and I go E3 is never coming back.
The ESA is too clueless on many levels. And then again, I hear things like this and I go,
the ESA has always been clueless on so many levels.
Oh, yeah.
And I don't think they're clueless. They just let it happen.
I think it's all of it. It's all of it. They're clueless on one front and they let it happen on
another. I think both those things can be true. Um, Jamie, I don't I'm saying these things and
I really should let you have a say. I don't know what are your thoughts when I talk about E3 and
all this stuff and and let it die. Let people who think like that die. They should not have
any voice in the world. They should not exist in the world. They are relics perpetuating something
that is harmful to the entirety of society. And honestly, if I had my way I would snap my fingers
and they would all first of all, they would have to live through an entirety of what
we go through in their minds and then get locked in the pit. That's what I would do.
And it's for that reason that I think even though there's many people out there saying,
I wish we could just go back to an old E3. I wish there's a part of me that's like, you know,
sometimes you just you have to take it. It's like me moving out of my old house. It was always you
have to purge it all. You have to purge it all. Even when we were going to E3 though,
this shit was happening. Of course it was happening. I'm not sure I deny it wasn't happening.
Yeah, but just back in the days of booth babes and shit. Yeah, that's true. That's true.
And I'm like, you know, as far as the video game, you know, companies were concerned,
women existed for cute games and selling games. And that's it.
And that's why I'm like, take it all out back, bury it in a hole, burn it,
and then put literal shit on top of it, fertilizer. And now maybe some flowers can grow.
And it's not going to be three. It's the thing is, is that E3, the stuff going on at E3 is a
symptom, you need to actually get the people perpetuating it, they need to be taken care of
through, they need to be gotten rid of, at least thank heavens, we're starting to finally see some
of that accountability. I'm not saying lately, we're seeing some of it now in this industry
and people being held accountable for their actions. Well, and, and our things now, you know,
with bringing them out on the internet and having lawsuits, etc. It's sort of our current version
of putting someone up in stocks. You know, they need to be made public examples of, they need to
see that these people who are doing this will fall, will become laughing stocks, they will have
the finger pointed at them, and they will be in the eye for as bad as they are. And no one wants
to be in that type of position. You know, peer pressure like that is a big thing. If they just
either need to learn how to keep it to themselves, and not tell anybody what a piece of shit they are
or, you know, try not being a piece of shit. The end.
Sorry, when you phrase it that way, I just see your face on Clippy popping up in the corner
saying, have you tried not being a piece of shit? Exactly. I'm gonna, I'm gonna make, gonna make
that a thing. Have you tried not being a, you know, turd? You know what, you have, you have
my permission to use it on merchandise, and you can donate my portion to charity. All right.
I'll have to, I'll get, I'll actually get, um, my friend Mustefka, who did my avatar for my channel.
I'll see if I can get him to do one of, of that so I can make a shirt that says,
have you tried not being a piece of shit? And please donate my portion to a lovely
trans women charity because trans women are women. All right.
Trans women are women. All right. Um, and, uh, so I just
wanted to say, and I want to, um, kind of wrap up this, you know, is that we're talking about
Sony here and this sucks and Sony's taking a beating. Um, it's something that's happened
with Activision Blizzard, Ubisoft, Riot Games. This is an industry problem.
Oh yeah. It's happening everywhere.
And so even though now it's this week, we're talking about Sony, you know what?
We got to talk about it everywhere every week because it's continuing to be a problem. And this
is just an example of that. We can't be silent about it. Silence is, uh, is, uh, uh, what sort
of the of complacency and complacency is entropy. So props to these women for coming out and doing
what they are doing to hold Sony accountable for this and all of the, uh, marginalized individuals
throughout the gaming industry that are finally realizing they're not alone and coming together
to hold the industry accountable. I I'm just like,
I'm tired of protesting shit that was being protested before I was born and I'm old.
Well, not super old, but you know what I mean? It's it's disgusting, you know,
and on top of that too, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna, um, put this out there. Your activism
has to be intersectional. If you're going to stand up for women, stand up for all women,
trans women, women of color, you name it, you know, because that's actually a really big problem
going on in a lot of the activist communities right now is that they're really looking at this
privileged white CIS female perspective when it's really our more, our more marginalized community
that is doing the brunt of the work, the hard work and seeing very little for it.
So we need to uplift each other. Um, some comments in chat I'd like to read,
um, as she, 100, Matt says, there will be a case study docu-series, et cetera, about this time.
It's about what the industry does after this, that we'll be telling, you know, for what it's worth,
um, you're seeing this in a lot of artistic industries in the last couple of decades,
because obviously Hollywood with the me too movement has had a huge, uh, trash taking back
moment. Me too was started by, by a black woman. Do not forget, uh, DGR mass and chat says I'm
legit surprised by this was Sony given how they gave Mick Vic McGonia. I don't even know how to
say that guy's name. Cause I just don't care about him. Uh, the heave ho for the sexual
assault accusations was turned out to be true. Sony is a very, very, very, very large company.
And with that, there's a lot, a lot, a lot of people in a lot, a lot of different roles.
And so you may have somebody over there that's making the right decision and somebody over here,
that's making the wrong decision at the end of the day, it's the corporate policy and the HR
and all that, that really set, you know, it, it comes from the top and trickles down. And I, I,
I said that way back when we first heard these Activision blizzard and the investigation,
it comes from the top and the culture trickles down. And the other thing too,
is that you also have to take into account what business culture is like in Japan,
where women are still very much not seen in, I honestly think that there there's almost a higher
level of ingrained societal misogyny than what exactly we have here. Like it's, you know, what's,
what's this, the saying over there is that the, the, uh, the bent nail gets hammered down or
something. And if you speak out against something you're there, you're going to try to get hammered
down. Um, yeah, so I, I think Rama, it's just a particular individual made the right call
and did the right thing within Sony where unfortunately there are still many people,
um, that do the wrong thing and, uh, get away with it. So I think that was the point I was trying to
make is that you, you have somebody that is making the right call, thankfully, but there's still a lot
of people elsewhere that are making the wrong call and getting away with it. If I may say one more
thing about that, Rob, of course, stop being surprised when you hear about misogyny, stopping
surprised when you hear about sexual harassment, don't be surprised by it. It's every time someone
says, I'm surprised to see this happening is the thing that cements it further in my head.
That is the last thing on people's mind. They're not paying attention.
All right. I'm not saying it's calling anybody out. I'm really not doing it,
but it's another symptom. Think, think of how your words do this. Like think of it this way.
I know I'm actually literally saying, stop being surprised by it.
It's happening. It's everywhere. Don't be surprised by it. Just pay attention.
All right. I know, uh, it's very difficult to transition from that story, but we're going to
try to do it. Let's go to our next story and try to get back into, well, I don't even know if I
would call this happy news. I would just call it news period. It was lowercase, lowercase N.
Yeah. Atari did a thing. They bought Moby games for 1.5 million, which I mean, basically
Moby games is sort of just like a game archive collection thing anyway. Right.
Um, it's, it's, it started in 1999 as a huge database for like video game credit
screenshots platform. It's basically the closest thing that exists to sort of an IMDB for video
games. Um, you know, basically it was also a good, uh, collection of like retro and pixel art stuff
too. So it's pretty neat. Um, and it actually, this isn't the first time it's been sold. It
was actually sold to Gamefly in 2010 and it was redesigned. And then it was purchased in 2013 by
Jeremiah Freeholtz who changed everything back. Um, and then, uh, uh, they've been running, uh,
that person plus, uh, someone named Simon Carlos has been running the site since.
And then Atari basically picked it up. Um, the Atari CEO Wade Rosen said, uh,
the Moby games community has played a sustained and important role in the documentation,
celebration and preservation of video games and supporting Moby games allows us to give back to
the community and contribute to its growth and success. It's important to Atari that Moby games
retains every bit of its integrity, and we're committed to supporting this site in ways that
improve the experience for both contributors and users. So, um, they also are saying that
Freeholtz will remain as the general manager. So maybe it is just for support. Who knows?
I remember this was rumored a few months ago. It's interesting. It took this long from,
cause the rumor feels like it was at the end of last year at this point. I mean,
what is time anymore in these day and age? But, um, I remember we had talked about this
when it was a rumor and cause it came up as like, well, what the hell is Atari going to do with
this site? But we still, I mean, now that it's official and we have a statement from the CEO
and all this stuff, you know, I feel like I'm still don't understand what they plan to do with
it because they're sure trying to make it sound like we're going to try to keep it the same,
which is good because based on Moby games past, you know, they had all the issues when they tried
to change it. It kind of went back to the way it was. So I don't know if it's just an asset thing
for Atari or what they might ultimately plan to do with it. If maybe Atari, see, I think it would
be rad if Atari would leverage a lot of that for some of its retro collections and retro devices,
like, Hey, we're releasing this retro collection. And it's all of this informative shit about these
old games too. And like all the stuff that's built within Moby games. So yeah, Bobby's
correcting me saying it was an intention, uh, announced before and not a rumor. Okay. Well,
sorry, my brain can't go back like four or five months. Uh, but it just took this long or whatever
to finally go through. So, um, Zen monkey 11 says they're going to make a site to play their old
games on it and get history of old stuff as Joe and Hunter. Matt says full integration into their
UI for a streaming game service. Oh, I do remember kind of having a thought about wouldn't it be
interesting if you go to Moby games, you look up a article on yards, revenge, and thanks to
technology such as ant stream or whatever, whatever Atari might have, you can play the
game right there in your browser. I mean, it's not very difficult to emulate an Atari 2600 in
your browser. It's all just the legal questions of that. And Atari would have the legal grounds
to do that. So that could be interesting. Could be. Yeah. We'll see what they, what they ultimately
do with it. All right. Now some news that actually is really good, right? Look, Legos Legos
are fun, right? Legos are fun. Um, I was actually, it's funny. I went to Moby games to check on my
page sites submitted with all the wonderful artwork and everything. And they overrated
with all the, or overrode it with all the stuff that was on the steam page. So it erased all my
detailed information that I put in there and new screenshots and all that stuff.
Thanks Moby games. Appreciate it. Love that the creator themselves is trying to give some insight
and it's like, Nope. Nope. It was like, cause I remember I did this a while ago and I had to
set it up and everything and I added it and then it overwritten everything. It's fine. Whatever
who cares. Uh, anyways, so let's talk Legos. So you may obviously be familiar with Lego,
Super Mario. And of course there was Lego Luigi that came out. I think that was last year.
Well now, now this year, this August, we have Lego princess peach. She is going to be getting
her own set of Lego Mario sets. Um, so she's getting her castle. They have, uh, even like a
cat peach, um, outfit they can get and a bunch of other stuff. It looks really awesome. And that's
going to be coming out in August. They also kind of expanded with the Lego Luigi stuff with a Lego
Luigi's mansion thing. So they have those now. I stopped buying these sets because we have too many
of them. My son does not play with them, nor will he put them together. And, um, I just have no room
for this. Unfortunately I have not continued with the Lego Mario saga. We had almost all the sets
at one point, but yeah, I just can't, but it looks cool. She looks weird, but it looks cool. I mean,
I guess she looks equally as weird as all the other Lego characters there and Lego Mario stuff,
but just has like a weird like face. I don't know. The face is weird, but it'll still be pretty cool.
Um, I feel like a horrible gaming and Lego and nerd stuff fan that I don't have a single one of
these sets, but I, you know, and then I see this and I'm like, God damn it. I need to get them all.
I want to get them all. And then it's like getting them all is going to be way too expensive.
Like you'll have to take a second mortgage on the house you just bought.
You wouldn't have to take a second margin. So the thing is they set this up to be like,
kind of like a game. So you're supposed to be able to like kind of play with it and like do
the scans and stuff, but the game is not very fun. That's the only problem is it's not very
fun to play. You kind of just like, pretend to hop it around. It's neat, but that doesn't
necessarily mean it's fun. And there's like no challenge to it or anything. There's no anything
in it. So the sets don't really always make the best display sets, unfortunately, but some of it's
pretty cool looking. Um, at the very least, you know, even like little, um, they kind of like the
blind bags that they sell for this stuff. They have, they're on their third series now with those
and get a bunch of the, you know, the enemies in there and stuff. So we have a ton of those too,
like so many. But yeah, I mean, they're kind of cool sets. I don't know. I just, like I said,
don't have room in the house for any more of those. Apparently, it's been successful. I mean,
they've had like three or four different, like releases or additional like, I mean,
there's so many sets now in the series. So yeah, it's obviously profitable for them. The thing that
I really dislike the most, though, about the sets is all of the instructions are in their app. And
that sucks because their app drains my phone's battery a lot. And then also, like if my son wants
to put together, I had to download the app onto his device. And then he has to be able to do it
that way. And you have to like scan the figures in like certain figures that come with each set
in order to unlock it in the app. So they won't even give you the instructions without having
that. It's just a pain in the butt, like just give you a paper instruction book, please.
Yeah, I think they're trying to prevent the paper instruction books from showing up on
the internet. But at the same time, they're on their site, their site, I can like I can
literally go to their site and view any instruction book for any stuff that they've ever made.
Surely, everything is on YouTube. Anything you need to know how to do, it's on YouTube.
And you need to fix a tire, fix something in your car, fix something that broke around the house,
fix an electric appliance. It's on YouTube, somebody's doing it. Surely every Lego set in
existence has multiple people that have well done a YouTube thing is I think what they're trying to
do with like the the app and having that all there is they show you how to play with it, I guess
they show you like what different things do. And so I think there's a little bit of explanation
there. But it'd be nice just to have like the instructions separately, because it's not really
that hard to put some of these things together just annoying, like, especially with an old phone,
like it used to just eat the battery like immediately because it's trying to constantly
communicate via Bluetooth with these devices. And it just was not battery friendly. But
oh, they're okay sets like it's just, I'm just not buying any of them. Like they have a giant
airship I keep seeing at the store. And I always go look at that stuff every time I'm in like
Target and stuff. And I just have no room for it. All right, well, let's move on and talk about
something that you won't be getting anytime soon. We alluded to it a little earlier in the show
because it showed up during the PlayStation state of play event. However, for spoken with its new
trailer also got an announcement. So good. Yeah, it does look really good. But you're going to be
waiting a little while longer to play it, which, I mean, is it really bad news? It just means that
they're gonna make the weight and have it be good. Yeah, exactly. Wait, and maybe actually have a PS
five by then. That is true, too, to be honest. So like, personally, I'm not bothered by this
whatsoever. But I know there's a lot of people that are definitely you know, every even though
I am very much delay the game, make it perfect, make it a great game when it releases. I completely
understand there are always going to be people that are like, Oh, but I was looking forward to
that. Okay, have your moment. Eat your Haagen Dazs. Let the moment pass. And we'll all get
over it together and enjoy the game when it comes out. And remember, this is good. You know, I could
use the good old Miyamoto quote, the bad games back in for Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. We all know
that one by now. How about this? Now? A delay was the best thing that could possibly happen to
Animal Crossing on the switch in the worst possible way, but a delay was the best possible
thing that could ever happen to Animal Crossing for all of us. So something to think about anyway,
for spoken originally set to release on May 24. It will now release on October 11. Of course,
they don't give a lot of specifics why just saying during the next few months, we will focus all of
our efforts on polishing the game and can't wait for you to experience phrase journey this fall.
You know what that says to me? There were bugs, there was a lack of polish, something that they
found that just wasn't acceptable and they are taking the time to fix it rather than shove it
out the door, which I say, good news. And yes, it gives us all more time to actually get our
hands on PS fives, which is a whole other challenge of itself. So there you go. But for
those for those that are sad about it, you're allowed your moment, take your moment, throw your
fit. And then we'll go get over it, it will pass. All right. Interesting. Mike Defton chat says you
can buy PlayStation fives both versions right now on Amazon Mexico. I think it is getting easier.
I like but you still kind of have to be there right when they go on sale.
But it's it's getting a little easier every day.
All right. But I want it now.
I know I know. All right. Here. Well, this is something I want right now. Which technically
I could already get on an old machine. But I think this is cool. Right? Dark Sakura?
Oh, yeah. So you can get them some of the classic D&D gold box games are coming on to Steam,
although I think a few of them have already been there under different packs.
But we're talking about things like the gold box classics that have the forgotten realms
collections like the holder and Pool of Radiance, which I had the big ass box for Pool of Radiance
back in the day that came with like the the second edition book and everything.
I wish I knew what happened in my book. I think I loaned it to somebody.
Anyway, you know, and Savage Frontier had a dungeon hack and Menzoberranzan. I always say
that wrong. The one that makes me happy is that there's Dragonlance stuff in there. I am a big
Dragonlance fan. I have read all the books until they got kind of bad. Don't. Yeah. There's also
some Dark Sun, some Ravenloft. Al-Khadim is in there. The D&D Stronghold Kingdom Simulator.
And the things that it does not have is Dragon Strike, Spelljammer and the other ones that don't
fit into the gold box format. And also, these aren't remasters. These are the original low res
same little games. So nothing really has been done to them. But they're the games.
So if you want to get them, there you go. I'm not sure they've necessarily aged gracefully,
but they're a part of gaming history. And I'm always for keeping gaming history accessible
and easily, you know, so we can we can show these little kids today. Back in my day,
this is how we did Dungeons and Dragons on a PC. So yeah, I think it's great that it's, you know,
at least accessible on modern PCs to a whole new generation. I'm still like, you know, I see
people talking about like Fifth Edition and everything now. And I'm like, do you even know
what THAC0 is? Did these games have THAC0? I'm trying to I guess around the right time. So
all right. Questbuster in chat says easily SSI's golden age of CRPG goodness, that AD&D license
was so huge for them. Yeah, I remember these games really were huge. You know, I've talked
a lot about my formative years with Commodore 64 gaming. I was probably just a little bit young
for these games, and I missed them. But I did get into Ultima though, which I was also probably too
young for, but I still was into it, which isn't technically D&D, but you know, role playing games
on old PCs. So I but I think it's great that it's coming back. So all right, moving on. I think
we're back over to Loki. All right. So let's talk a little bit about active. We haven't mentioned
Activision Blizzard in a while. What are they up to? Well, because we banned I actually I had two
stories I could have talked about tonight. There was one about Warcraft. What about Overwatch?
You may recall, they have been banned from the show until Bobby Kotick is gone.
Yeah, so now they're being investigated by the SEC. There's two separate investigations going on.
Whether to that some of the higher ups were doing some inside trading.
So apparently, there's been some special like, I guess, some specific sales that they've been
doing that, you know, they kind of knew that the Activision stock thing was going to be or the
maybe the bio was going to happen. But says apparently, Barry Diller is the,
the one of the people that they are targeting right now. He served along with Bobby Kotick
on the board of Coca Cola. And then what else also, apparently, the Justice Department is
investigating whether there's any up any of the options treated, violated insider trading laws.
They're also separately conducting a civil insider trading investigation as well,
because apparently, the three of the men purchased 108 million in Activision Blizzard shares,
only days before the Microsoft sale was announced. And then now they're obviously worth $60 million
more. So it's like they got tipped off that the sale was going to happen and then made those
purchases. So yeah, I think that they probably are the three also. So we have the very dealer
they mentioned. There's Alexander von Furstenberg and David Geffen. So
I know that name. Yeah, for the record company. Yeah.
Yeah. So but they're, I guess he they're all friends with Bobby Kotick or some people at
Activision. And and and Diller said, you know, it was just simply a lucky bet. We acted upon no
information. Sure you did bullshit. Sure you did. Because Activision was a goodbye with all of the
allegations going on everything. Yeah, shit. I can't say what I want to say, because it's
against Twitch terms of service, even if it's hyperbole. I just, hey, you know, I talked about
I hosted a John Waters thing last night. Have you guys ever seen Pink Flamingos? You guys ever seen
that movie Pink Flamingos? I just want to reflect on that movie for a minute because there's this
great scene. I just let's just talk about that movie for a minute because there's this great
scene in that movie where Divine she's giving a monologue and she gets up there and she says,
kill everyone now, condone first degree murder, advocate for cannibalism, and she's going on and
on and on. I just I don't know why but just like I think it's the impact of that show last night.
I just have that scene playing in my mind right now for some weird reason. Anyway, completely
unrelated, divine, neatly unrelated. But I just for some reason, I guess I'm just stuck on that
show. Oh, Rob.
I don't know. It's weird.
It is weird how it's weird how the brain works. Anyway, back to the story itself.
There's nothing to say. There's like, like, here we are doing our little pocket. There's
nothing left to say.
We're gonna say it's a coincidence. Oh, you caught me. I did some of that insider trading.
Yeah. Yeah, conveniently that they made 60 million dollars in a couple days.
Very convenient. It was just lucky.
Didn't Martha Stewart go to jail for insider trading? Wouldn't that why she went to jail?
She did. Now she's BFS with Snoop Dogg. Yeah, that's right.
Martha Stewart's kind of rad. Like, actually, like, Martha Stewart's pretty rad.
Interesting. She went to jail. So she went to jail.
Yeah, I know. Makes you think, huh?
Moving on.
Let's talk about Gamescom. Gamescom. You know, we had a story last week about the game.com.
Yes, not the game.com, but the actual event. I almost want to say similar to E3, but in Europe.
But after tonight's discussion, I don't want to say that. So I will just say a big trade expo
that happens in Europe, specifically Germany. It is going to be back in person this year.
It will be running from the 24th through the 28th of August. Of course,
precautions is how we get back to having these sorts of events. So there will be safety measures
in place for the usual crowds. There's going to be a limited ticket allocation. What they're saying
is better entrance management. Not sure what that will be. Digital queues and extra wide aisles in
halls. So honestly, it sounds all like things that shows could have benefited from years ago,
but okay, we'll take it. So yeah, Gamescom has been digital only. The last time it was in person.
370,000 gamers in 2019. I should say because I was saying it's a game show. It's a trade show.
This is open to the public. This is an event that's open to the public. The other show spoken
about on the show earlier tonight. Never what? Well, sorry, it was towards the end because it
was on life support and they were trying to save it. But historically, it was not open to the
public. Anyhow, also, something else they're talking about with this announcement Gamescom
goes green, where the company is aiming to be climate neutral, talking about a reduction in
avoidance of CO2 emissions and short term issues through carbon offsetting. A random thing to throw
in there without specifics, but okay, sure. Keeping climate responsibility in mind is a
good thing. So I can't complain about that. For the rest of us that do not plan to go to this
show, because that's a bit too far to travel, or whatever reason you have, Gamescom's opening night
live will be back. And assumably, that means Jeff Keighley as well, although we don't have the
details and the date and all that stuff just yet. But I'm sure we will get all that in the not too
distant future. Forward to it. All right. I think what we will do now is take a moment to reflect
on a simpler time in the segment that we like to do here every week, and I'll roll the bumper for
it. And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out
a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the Classic Game of the Week. And Dark Soccer,
what did you pick for the Classic Game of the Week this week?
I picked Carnival. Carnival is a... Well, it may not be the most exciting game,
but I was seriously trying to think of like... I was actually sort of in a Colecovision nostalgia
mood. And so I picked a game that we used to play a lot when I was a kid,
which of course was Carnival. And I had never played it in the arcade at the time. We just
had it on Colecovision. It was a fixed shooter developed by a company called Gremlin and released
by Sega in arcades in 1980. It was one of the first video games that had a bonus round.
It was ported to Atari 2600, Colecovision, and Intellivision by Coleco. There's a licensed Atari
8-bit family version that was published in 1982 by Analog Software, which was a commercial software
label for Analog Computing magazine. Acornsoft also did a copy in 1983 for the BBC Micro.
So the goal of the game... Now, you have limited ammo. You have to last and shoot things as long
as you can. So you basically just have to aim and shoot. And sometimes you can get things that give
you bonus bullets. But you have three rows of targets. And then you also have a circle in the
center that's got like a pipe wheel on and you shoot the pipes off. Now, you also for your
different targets, you have rabbits, ducks, owls, the extra bullet targets. And of course, if you
hit something on the higher row, it's worth more points. If a duck reaches the bottom row without
being shot, it's going to come fly at you. It's like, come at me, bro. I'll shoot you. You duck.
Anyway, you also have pop-up targets above the top row that can either give you awards or can
actually take bullets or points when you hit it. So you have to be careful. And that pipe wheel has
eight pipes that are in the top one. Each of the points of the value decreases for every shot that
does not hit one of them. So your bonus counter increases in value with every target shot in the
three rows. And you can collect it by shooting the letters of the word BONUS in order as they
cycle through those rows. It stops increasing anytime you hit any letter out of order.
So the round will end when all the targets or the pipes have been shot. You get your bonus points
for unused bullets, and then you play a bonus round with a large bear that goes back and forth.
Each time the bear is shot, it rears up and goes the other way. So you have to shoot that bear as
many times as possible until it escapes off of the screen with your limited ammo. After that,
then you get the next wave, and every bonus round adds another bear to the screen up to a maximum of
four. So, you know, of course the higher levels give you higher point values, more ducks,
fewer extra bullets, faster moving targets, and the increased rate of ducks that come on,
and the game will be over when you have exhausted your ammunition supply or you've been eaten by
ducks. How many games do you know where you get eaten by ducks? Just saying. So it's one of those
few games that has two different PCBs. There's two different versions. So normally a game has
one PCB with dip switch sets that either switch it to upright or cocktail. And with this one,
it had the upright and cocktail cabinets had those two varieties, one in wood grain and the
other painted orange and white. The tune that plays is, I hope I don't mispronounce this,
Sobre la Solas by Juventito Rosas. It's the song you hear at carnivals. That one, you know?
Oh, yeah.
And the chip though that it used was a general instrument AY-38910 chip. So it was actually
fairly complex when it allowed for a complex rendition of that waltz at the time, and it
allowed for the overlaid sound effects. So it was fairly nice for 1980. The Cliccovision port
was basically considered to be perfect, like a perfect rendition. And I did find a lot of times
that Cliccovision games were pretty spot on, maybe not perfect, you know? And the things that they
did when they would do a port would help replace the things that you would have otherwise missed.
Does that make sense? Like for Space Fury, instead of having like the weird robot voice,
it actually sang kind of like in the background. It was kind of neat. But anyway, in a discussion
of the arcade games music is that, in fact, there's a quote by a video game scholar on here.
This is, and I'm going to quote, as the track makes use of all three tone channels using two
for the waltz characteristic umpapa, you know, thing and one for the melody. The resulting texture
is rich enough to do the music justice and the inclusion of numerous sound effects, including
three different duck quacks and a bear roar makes for a veritable sonic feast. Again, 1980. But
it's pretty, pretty much, you know, a testament. This game is still a challenge. I have this game
still. I have my, I have two Cliccovisions. And this is to this day, one of my favorite,
favorite games for the Cliccovision. One thing that I will say about it, though, is that
on the Cliccovision version, I don't know if it did in the arcade. Cause like I said,
I hadn't played the arcade one is that the music would just stop.
And then you'd be playing in silence, the little sound effects. So that was like,
we'll just sit here in silence and think about what we've done. All these poor ducks were shooting
poor ducks, my ass. They're trying to eat you. Like you see though, and like in the sample here,
like trying to hit the bonus, that shit was hard. That shit was hard. And the ducks are assholes.
Well, and also we used to think about that mechanic where like, you know, and I'm sorry
for the podcast listeners, but you can see it kind of flashing on the screen, the minus bullets and
stuff. So like if you don't connect with a target on the side and your bullet goes all the way to
the top, you actually are going to get a huge penalty for that. You see, you really have to
when you're shooting the pies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's mechanic.
And this person on this particular example, I don't know that they were trying to hit the
pipe from the other side because the pipes were easier to hit when they were coming down.
But anyway, it's, it's just one of those fun little games. Like I would put it up as one of
my favorite Coleco vision games. And the only two games that I would probably put above that would
be, I don't know, I guess maybe it's like my number five favorite Coleco vision. Cause I put
Gorf as number one followed by venture. After that would be space fury.
Actually I take that back. Mouse trap would be above space fury, then space fury and then
carnival. I love space fury.
Space for so good. I mean, it's really just like asteroids plus, you know,
I remember this game and I wasn't even a Coleco for, there must've been a version on
Commodore 64 at some point. Cause I remember playing this or maybe I played it in the arcade,
honestly. I probably played it in the arcade. Well, I mean, but they were also doing all
those different ports, unofficial ports for, uh, uh, Commodore 64.
That's probably what I played. I probably just played a knockoff,
um, but still, um, no, there was a game called world cup carnival,
but not an official release of carnival. Well, uh, a great, there was a, uh, a Muppet,
uh, at the carnival. That's there really? That's kind of fun. All right. Well,
there it is your classic game of the week carnival, which, um, yeah,
I don't know what else to say about it. Uh, it's it, I mean, it's something that I played
and I enjoyed. Um, it is, it is simple. It maybe hasn't aged well in the graphics and
all that department, but, um, I think a classic game. It's challenging to me. Yeah. It's,
it is challenging. There's interesting mechanics in it for what it is like a silly emulation of
a carnival game, the pipe mechanic, unique, the rotating bonus or penalty unique. Uh, there,
there, it has these interesting spins on it. Target shooting games like that anymore. No,
no. Well, well, you want to talk about a real classic. I miss point blank. That was like,
that game is so awesome. Point blank is a bunch of shooting mini games. I know. And I love it.
I guess so this, this one. Well, I mean, we still have the, the gun cons.
So for our place, I want a VR point blank, shout out, shout out if he's still in chat because YYR
did make that sharp shooter game that is very inspired by that point blank stuff. So I,
I should, someone's still making them, but yeah. Yeah. For the most part, I would,
I would kill for a point blank VR game for sure. All right. Thank you for the pick and walk down
memory lane. Good carnivals. Definitely it, you know, and you know, I actually, um, who knows,
maybe I'll bust out the clique of vision and try to get it set up. Right. Oh good. YYR is present
to hear the shout out. Fantastic. Thank you. And check it out on steam. Sharp shooter. Plus,
excuse me. I forgot the plus. Um, YYR in chat says the only bummer regarding VR shooting games is
how would you play two players? Um, well, I mean, you can play through the power of the metaverse.
Shut up the internet. Um, yeah, it would have to be an internet thing. All right. Uh, let's move on
around the internet and talk about some other rapid fire, uh, news around the industry and
Loki will start with you. Don't make me more upset. So good news. Super Nintendo world is
opening next year in Hollywood. Great news. I'll take it. How much is it going to cost me? That's
the bad news. It'll cost you admission to universal studios, Hollywood, which is probably double next
year. We'll see. Yeah, we'll see. Studio Hollywood. We talk a lot about Disneyland
here on this show. And yes, Disney has a lot of great stuff. I like universal studios. I think
they, I, I realized some people do not like their rides as much. I like what they do with the rides.
I think they're really immersive and never been really been a long time should go. We should all
go. Would you want to go dark soccer? I mean, if it's like, I don't go, cause I don't want to go.
I would want to, I would want to go. Um, you know, it's just, I'm basically using my vacation time
for, for my Disneyland trip. Gotcha. Gotcha. Also, you know, it might be adverse to a certain
world that is also adjacent. I hate it because obviously I cannot stand her and that's all I'm
using her period. Um, but actually, no, I shouldn't say it because her, the musician is fantastic,
but we all know that is not who I'm talking about. And yes, uh, she has that little wizard
place at the park. Here's the problem. That actually is a fantastic environment before
she got a Twitter account. That was a fantastic environment. And the ride is astronomically fun.
And the butter beer is fantastic. And I feel like nothing she says or does can take that away,
but I, I am well aware that it is the more that when she continues to make even one penny
off of that and use that voice to do what she does, it makes us all a little bit skittish.
And I get it, but it sucks because otherwise Harry Potter is done with it. It's fantastic.
Can like Harry Potter kind of continue on in the equivalent of like how the Connors continued on
after that whole thing. Like it's, Oh my God. Brilliant. Brilliant. I mean, yes.
Can't we just get the Connors version of that park? Brilliant. Exactly.
My God, I love it. Harry hotter.
Uh, and then in other news, uh, God of War is rumored to be gaining a TV series adaptation.
Sure. Why not? All of them are so, you know, it makes sense.
You know, it's funny in this, that we're in this timeline now where there's actually
good adaptations of gaming things. Who would have thought that, I guess eventually that they would
have to do it right at some point. Uh, we're still waiting for like, well, maybe mixed feelings on
the uncharted one, but, um, you know, Sonic the Hedgehog is great. Pokemon was great.
Um, you know, TV series wise, I'm sure the last of us is going to be pretty amazing.
Um, I really want to see the prominent tears. I want to see fallout. That'd be good. And then
Bioshock the, the show. Oh yes, please. We're just getting so like, we are getting
these video games shows delivered. And I mean, obviously we have the Witcher, I think is a huge
part to thank for that. Oh yeah. Absolutely. The anime stuff too, like Castlevania ending up,
you know? Yeah. Yeah. And then, uh, what was the arcane? I haven't seen it yet, but I've only
heard like amazing things about it. So, yeah. Oh yeah. Tired on chat says, let's not forget
mass effect. Let's not, because it's great that that's back on the agenda too. Cause I remember
they were going to do a movie and I guess they decided a TV show works better, which is the
right decision. I like the animated thing that had a, um, Vega. Yeah. Like the side story. Yeah.
It was really good. So apparently this is in talks with Amazon studios and it's been,
uh, apparently the rumors that, uh, Mark Fergus and a hocked OSPI they're known for the expanse
and children of men are involved in the project. Otherwise we don't really know
more details about it yet, but maybe we'll hear something. If it becomes a thing.
I remember seeing that children have been movie. That was Julia. Julia Moore was in that. That was
a dark movie. Okay. Wow. Right. It'll be boys. They'll they'll put, they'll put this next to
the boys. It'll be boy, you know, boy and the boys. It works. Do what you do. All right.
Dark soccer. What do you have for us in rapid fire news? Well, um, there, uh, remember before
I was talking about the Tokimeki Memorial translation? Well, it's out now. Um, it is
a patch for Tokimeki Memorial under the tree of legends. Um, which is the PC engine version.
It has the intro in there along with the, uh, English lyrics to sing along and the ending song,
the confession scenes are voiced and it's ready to go. So, um, of course, uh,
it, it does have some limitations, but it's available. Um, you can, uh, go find the,
uh, translation patch at, uh, translated.games slash SNES slash heartthrob.
And then in other news, um, one of my favorite games kicks, uh, which is basically where you
have to, uh, trap some lines in a box, uh, title game. Um, it actually is, uh, uh, being added to
the arcade archives. Um, so yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Where's my arcade. Where's my
arcade archives for gals panic. Everybody. It's the same. That's a different game. We need,
we need our key archives for that game too. Yeah, no, I, um, you know, I have to send some cards
and letters and angry tweets, uh, to get what you need. I guess kicks is pretty awesome. I'm,
I'm with dark soccer. It's, it's a arcade classic. Uh, well, it's, it's funny. You bring up
those particular games because they, those games are kicks basically like Ms. New World,
it's kicks. They're all kicks clones. So it's it. Okay. Maybe, maybe you had a layered joke there
that went over my head at first, but, um, that is, uh, yeah. I mean, kicks is really the reason
for all that other stuff. So, all right. Uh, let's travel around the world and check out some games.
We'll be playing a lot sooner, uh, than arcade archives, Ms. New World 96. Uh, let's go to the
U S first. Uh, we've got the cruel King and the great hero on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four
Dawn of the monsters on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series. Wow. You know, I didn't think that this would happen,
but we're getting new grand theft auto games, grand theft auto online,
which I think is now its own separate thing as well. Uh, that's coming out for PlayStation
five and Xbox series X, and then grant the thought of five, the brand new game from rockstar,
not a game that's been out for almost, I think it can be a classic game of the week at this point.
Um, that is on PlayStation five and Xbox series X this week as well. Uh, Phantom breaker, um,
uh, or Omni, I guess that's what it is. Um, that's on PC, Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four and Xbox one. Oh, a game I've been waiting for, for a while actually tunic
that's coming out on PC and Mac and Xbox one and Xbox series. Uh, we have anno mutinium,
uh, that's on PC, PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Uh, I guess this is a close to my,
you know, want for a gals panic game, but we have gal gun double pieces coming in,
Nintendo switch, uh, persona for arena Ultimax on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation four
shredders, not the ninja Charles thing, but it's a snowboarding game that's on PC and Xbox series,
strangers of paradise, final fantasy origin. Woo boy. It's out this week on PC,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series. And last but not least Siberia,
the world before that's on PC. All right, let's go to Japan and check out the releases there on
the Nintendo switch this week on March 17th. It might be St. Patrick's day over here. Uh,
but in Japan they get released. Gal gun double piece is also out in Japan.
Persona four arena Ultimax is also out, uh, a game call called Senran Nin Ninja,
Tyson Neptune. Shoujo tai chi no kyuen is out. Uh, it's from compile hearts and I'm trying to
figure out what it is. It looks like it's, Oh, it's, um, okay. It's a Neptunia and Senran Kagura
crossover. So it's those two series. It's one RPG with both, um, those kind of like, uh, worlds in
them. It's kind of neat. I think some people will be into that. Uh, and, uh, let's see what else on
the switch. I guess that's it for the switch. So let me check the PlayStation five. Yeah. I was
pretty sure I'd see stranger of paradise, final fantasy origin also out in Japan this week. You
know, I, at first I didn't think I really wanted to play that game, but the more I hear about it
and the more people are kind of reacting to the demo and stuff, I'm like, I kinda, I might have
to try it. Like I just dropped 60 bucks on it. You know, is it like a beat him up game? Like what is
it? They're saying it's like a team Ninja. Yeah. It's like a souls ask type. Really?
It's team Ninja doing the soul. Yeah, I know. Well, not, not literally like, you know,
everything is, you know? Um, so I wanna, I wanna try the demo at some point. Um, but except they
won't put it on a Xbox for whatever reason, but I'll have to watch live streams or something to
truly get a sense if I really want it. Here's the thing. I didn't talk about this during my
gaming week. Cause I didn't actually play the game, but I need a moment before we get to our
next segment and sorry, the UK dates. I just need one moment to talk about chocobo GP because that
came out on the switch and I down Loki's face palming already. Um, Oh, sweet. Rama says the
demo is out on Xbox. Oh, I didn't see it in the app. Okay. I'm going to, I'll grab it. Rama. Yay.
Thank you for the heads up. Um, but chocobo GP. Apparently they, I, from what I am understanding,
most people that did the early reviews of the game did not know the extent of which there is
like premium currency and gotcha mechanics in the game, because I guess they didn't really unlock
all of that until the game was released. And I'm sorry, but that is fucking dirty. That's just
straight up dirty to hide that stuff. And again, I don't have a full sense of it. So if I'm wrong,
I'm sorry. But what I'm not sorry about is it sounds like you pay $40 to get this game.
Yes, there's a free version, but the free version has barely anything in it.
You pay $40 to get this game. And then there's a whole gotcha mechanic on top of that with unlocks
and stuff. Oh, but you can do the pay currency. If you want to get things faster. It's it's, uh,
Bobby was calling it Genshin impact on his show, except you're paying $40 to get into it.
And that's something about that really bugs me with as much as I was looking forward to chocobo
GP. Now grant, I haven't played it myself yet. I probably will. I might even drop the 40 bucks,
but I'm a little nervous to now. I'm like, I feel like this game any day now is going to drop to 20.
But then of course, there's the whole, well, if you buy it now,
you get the store unlocked for free. That that it, by the way, that is literally a thing. You get
the store for free. I have to pay for the store. How do I pay for a store if there's no store to
sell me the store with in game currency? So just just marinate on that for a bit. So like, I don't
know. I was gonna say I don't know who told Square Enix this was a good idea. I do know who money
hold them. It was a good idea. The same people who said the same people who convinced, you know,
the head of Square Enix, the NFTs were a good idea. These are the people that are saying it's
a good idea. It is not a good idea. Just charge 60 from the game for the game if you feel the
need to and just put everything in it. For the love of God, just put everything in it.
So anyway, sorry, just wait for the special edition to come out later on with everything
in it. Sorry, I wanted to get to the UK dates. But like that, that was bugging me. And that's
why I'm nervous to take the risk on I mean, a Square Enix game, let alone almost any game at
this point. Sure, I'll pay 60 bucks for Strangers of Paradise, then what? Anyway, Dark Soccer,
what's coming out in the UK? Um, well, the place I normally get my stuff from is down.
But at any rate, there's only one game and that's core keeper for PC on the eighth of March.
Wait, it's already passed. Nevermind. It's out.
Nice. I think Strangers Paradise also in your I'm pretty sure it's a worldwide release.
Yes, it is. If you're saying like I said, none of them are working.
So all right. Well, it happens. So let's move on. Or gaming companies getting involved in
world issues. But this is one that people need to bring more awareness to. So Loki, what do you
Yeah, so EA and gearbox have signed an open letter opposing the anti trans bill in Texas,
because that's a horrible thing that's going on right now, on top of everything else. So they
have this, this thing that ran in the Dallas morning news, basically saying discrimination
is bad for business and calling for the governor to abandon the anti LGBTQ plus efforts that they're
doing, which they won't, but you know, it was signed by EA, Microsoft gearbox. And I think
those are the only companies that they mentioned right now. So thank you to the companies for
doing it. It would be more meaningful if you would move your businesses to other states.
But I understand that is something that's easy for me to say, that would impact a lot of lives
that is not easy to do. And I'm very careful to choose my words, because I have a lot of friends
that live in Texas, that what nothing to do with this bill. And I ever bear to tell somebody,
you should just move because your state sucks. I don't want to run away from problems. I want
to fix them. So I just hope my friends that are in Texas use their voices against this
fuckery that's going on. Other companies that were signed on with that as well. Apple, we have
a meta PayPal, Pinterest, right twice a day in medicine. Yeah. Patreon,
Ikea, Ben and Jerry's, lots of companies, lots of companies. But the governor, the governor will
not do shit until the money starts talking. And that's what you see happening in Florida.
With can we sanction them like we're saying she's in Russia? Or but again, do we do that?
It's caught. It's complicated. Loki. Here's the thing with Florida and that whole thing,
which they are two very different things. But they are both attacks on the LGBTQ plus community.
Is that your notice? Can we trade Florida for you? Shut up and let me make my point.
Is that you see Disney. You know, they had their first response. And it was really the employees
of Disney, who rose up and said, Hey, CEO, you represent us. And your answer wasn't good enough.
And they weren't afraid even though to go to your CEO and say, Hey, do better,
is not an easy thing to do. They did it. And you know what that CEO did? And I will I will,
you know, I know a lot of times we want to say it's not enough to do. You know what,
if we want opinions are not going to change overnight. I will appreciate that the CEO of
Disney at least acknowledged, said maybe I didn't do enough. And I'm sorry, and I'm listening to my
employees. To me, that's a step in the right direction. We just need a lot more steps from
many people to get us to where we need to be. Because clearly there is still anti LGBTQ plus
people in this country that keep trying to push these ridiculous things. And again,
I'm going to explain to you why the Florida bill is bad. Because every everybody that supports it
is like, where in the bill does it say don't say gay, you're missing the fucking point.
Where in the where in the bill does it say, say, heterosexual?
Because that is the context of the bill. If you think about it, it doesn't it doesn't say it
doesn't say you're not allowed to talk about heterosexual stories and all that sort of thing.
And you know, the whole thing. So I so you know, again, do you do you believe that the relationship
between Alan and I and our cat Mr. Smoosh? You believe that a kindergartener shouldn't hear
shouldn't hear about that? Is there something bad about that?
Anyone who thinks that there's something bad about that has something wrong with them.
And it's just that that's where it just kind of personally hurts, you know, a little bit. And I
know none of my friends feel this way. And I know the vast majority of people who listen to this
show. But I also know, there's a couple of you, who you that put up with our political tirades
for the gaming news. And you know what I appreciate I do appreciate that you hang in
there and listen to people that think differently than you. I do appreciate that. But I just want
to tell you why it hurts. And why it's much more than this whole argument of where in the bill
does it say you can't say gay. You all know damn well what it means. You all know damn well what
it means. Don't fucking try to mind game someone who's personally affected by it. It won't work.
Because they've been playing mind games with me from the very first day. And you know what I mean
by that? I'm gonna say something that a lot of people are not going to like. But I'm saying it
anyway. Because I know from experience, is this bill going to get seven year olds to stop calling
each other a faggot on the playground? Because I guarantee you it won't. Because it happened to me
a lot. And I bet it happened to many of you a lot. And you know where they learn that word?
They didn't learn. That means some of them learned it at school. They don't learn it in a classroom.
So I just want you to think about that for a minute.
So I don't understand why. Anyway, sorry, I'm getting too preachy. But yeah, thank you,
Mike Depps. I just want you to understand how I personally feel affected by that. Now,
for my trans brothers and sisters, now we have this whole thing in Texas that's going on. And
it's I don't even have words. Where does the state think they can get between a doctor and a patient
and a family? Who the fuck do they think they are? I just it's infuriating. Period.
Going to chat. SSU and Hunter Matt says my girlfriend is a school teacher who teaches
ELA English and language arts. She has a classroom library that includes books and graphic novels
that include positive and appropriate LGBT plus stories that her kids are welcome to read on their
own. By this law, she would be fired or sued for this. Over the years, she has had kids come out
to her, asked her to refer to them as a different pronoun, or asked her for more info about LGBTQ
plus. Kids should have a safe space. Indeed. I can't tell you how meaningful
drag queen story time would have been to me at that age. But instead,
I participated in it just to see the look on people's faces is amazing. I did it as a sister.
But instead, you know what I got? I got invited to play smear the queer.
And again, I'm sorry. I know I'm sure Bobby's wincing because I'm using language that's against
Twitch's terms of service. But I am allowed to say those words and I'm saying them to make a fucking
point. And if you don't like those words, maybe we should stop saying them. Because I heard them
a lot when I was a kid. Yeah. Anyhow. All right. Thanks, Bobby. Thank you for your support. I know
you support me at the end of the day, Bobby. But I'm sure I'm sure there's a little piece of you
that's like. All right. Anyhow, but thank you. All right. Moving on. Please, please a happy place.
Tell me about a very good game. Somebody, Dark Sakura. Isn't me? Yeah, I think so.
So they did an update for Chrono Trigger on PC that now supports ultra wide monitors.
Squinix updated the steam version is the first update in four years and it adds the 21 to nine
resolution, improved D pad controls and user interface improvements for quality of life.
And on top of that, like the ultra wide support is kind of a rarity because not even Elden Ring
supports it natively. So pretty cool. Yeah, I mean, I'm still playing this next one. But,
you know, I like when they tweak retro titles like this, though, especially,
this is just a random update so far after the fact, but it does make you wonder what are they
plotting over there? But I think this is great, you know, and.
You know, yeah, I don't have an ultra wide monitor myself, but I think it'd be a trip to see.
I'd like I'm tempted if it's going to be compatible on my Mac, I'm tempted to try it out.
Once you beat what you're working on, then say, OK, let's play it again. But on the ultra wide
monitor. So, yeah. And you know what? The chat room is already starting shit on this whole super
Metroid versus Chrono Trigger thing, which is a years old joke. And I was sort of I want to
make sure we are absolutely clear on this. I have never said I hate Chrono Trigger. In fact, I like
Chrono Trigger a lot. A lot. It's just you know what, when they give the Oscars away.
I would nominate Chrono Trigger for an Oscar. I just gave the statue to Super Metroid.
It doesn't make Chrono Trigger bad. Get over it. And you know what many of you feel differently
and we give the statue somewhere else. That is fine. Opinions. We have them.
But I love that a retro game is getting updated like this and all these new.
All this good stuff. Of course, of course. Since you all brought it up in chat.
How much more would I love it if Nintendo would do some of this stuff on the PC?
I know I know Nintendo's whole mo is they've got to be played on Nintendo. But give me a break.
How fucking rad would that be? If something like Super Metroid were playable on PC officially
on an ultra wide monitor and all this stuff?
That'd be cool.
I would love that. I think a lot a lot of people would. I know.
And I'm sure in 10 years when they finally catch up to modern day,
maybe they will experience that.
Well, and plus, then when they when they put things on PCs, people can mod them. Right, Loki?
Yes, they can. And so one example of that is this new leather jacket for cloud that was made for
Final Fantasy seven remake integrate. And there was some I love it. There was some criticisms
of the mod on the Nexus mods basically saying that, hey, there's too much of his abs showing.
He make a version with the midget without the midriff and you got deal salesman.
Can you make a version that doesn't expose the belly?
Any way to get a version without the belly exposed? So the the mod creators like done,
his stomach is now covered. And they put tramp stamp on him instead.
I love it.
This is one of my favorite trolls that has ever occurred in gaming is I just want to say whoever
this moderate what's the who's the moderate again?
The moderate is a joy and joy job. I don't know how to pronounce that.
Okay, names.
Jay Jay.
You know who you are? I love what you've done here. Keep doing it. Make people mad.
Love to see it.
Love to see it.
And here's the thing. If this mods not for you, then this mods not for you.
There are thousands of other mods available. We'll find one that's for you.
If they're that insecure in their masculinity or their sexuality.
Ain't a problem with ain't a problem with the mod y'all. It's a problem with you.
If you don't like it, don't use it.
I love dark Tetsuya is saying here stupid sexy cloud bod.
That is the right comment.
You're allowed to be a little turned on by some some, you know, imaginary fictional dude abs
with a tramp stamp. I mean, you're allowed to have you rock that.
Have you ever looked at a bodybuilding magazine? Have you ever in your life seen a body? I mean,
I know they don't really sell magazines anymore. But maybe you can think back to a time
when you would see bodybuilding magazines. I mean, have you? Okay, I got a better one for you.
And I'm gonna hit some of you right in the jugular. So get ready. You ready?
Have you ever watched pro wrestling?
Have you ever read a comic book?
All right, but with dudes like that, that it's all it's all man fantasy. Just saying,
I do like the the Mega Man Buster arm that they have for Barrett, though. That's a pretty awesome
looking mod. See, there's lots of awesome stuff out there. I it almost makes me want to get the
game on PC just to fuck around with the mods. But I'll wait for Alan to inevitably buy it and
stream it because he'll he'll mod it away. Because Alan is the one that got the Resident Evil to
remake mod that had Leon or whoever's the star in that game. I remember was Leon or the other guy,
Chris. Chris is the one Okay, eventually, Chris is just running around the entire game in his panties
that and that's the mind that Alan and Alan played. I don't know. I don't think it was a
jockstrap. I think it did cover the cheeks because he did have to walk a fine line with the Twitch
terms of service. But it covered just enough it was it was the bare minimum of what needs to be
there. But you know what, if it had been a female character, the one would matter. So anyway,
just put her in a hot tub. It's fine. Humans moving on. I thought maybe for a final note tonight,
we could go back and talk about Mortal Kombat because get ready everyone. Mortal Kombat is
turning 30. Oh my god, how old are you? Mortal Kombat is 30. So Ed Boon posted some tweets and
you can see his Twitter account at noob de. If you want to see his get N O O B D and over at
Ed Boon's Twitter account. He talks about some behind the scenes moment actually shows a video
where you can see where Scorpion and Sub Zero's fight stances came from. And I did check out the
video, which was funny, because in the video he talks about, well, you know, the ice dude is going
to do that like Sub Zero didn't have a name yet. So they were just saying the ice dude or the ice
ninja or whatever is like they didn't really have names yet. And he's actually explaining the whole
like, well, what we're going to do is we're just going to palette swap, you know, and change. And
you know, that was obviously a huge thing in the industry to make new characters out of palette
swaps. And obviously Mortal Kombat became hugely known for that, especially with those two
characters, because what we had Sub Zero, Scorpion, Ermac, Rain, well, reptile, reptile, there was
just like, and then honestly, Cyrax and the sector and all that was kind of smoke was all that too.
And then Molina, Katana, Jade was a palette swap thing, you know, Mortal Kombat lived and breathes
palette swaps. So it was neat to see the kind of really early images of that. I mean, we've seen
these behind the videos things from Mortal Kombat before. But I don't think we've seen these
particular, you know, elements and in this particular context, which I thought was really
good. And you actually kind of hear the whole, both characters would feel different. And all it
takes is seven frames for the characters to not just have a palette swap, but to have stance
changes. So that Scorpion and Sub Zero really looked different when they stood there,
even if all their kicks were the same, even if the uppercuts were the same, etc, etc.
It really just took those stance changes to really make them feel like separate characters.
And I thought that was kind of a neat thing to get into talking about and kind of see that there. So
that was, that's pretty cool. So if you haven't seen that video, check that out on Twitter.
So how about a listener roundtable? Every week we invite your emails participate at
orangelandtrader.com your phone calls at our discord, fog network.com slash discord in the
green room and other ways other comments and chat if you have anything we haven't talked about that
you'd like us to. I don't think I saw an email but let me check in with the officiator of the email.
Okay, well, there you go. So please send us emails participate at orangelandtrader.com.
Um, historically on the show, when there have been no emails, we'll talk about Drag Race.
But I haven't watched all I hear about the new season is that it's not going anywhere. Like they
never eliminate girls. Like it's the season. I haven't watched in a while. So I just I'm out
of the loop. I guess it jumped the shark. I don't know. I still support the art of drag and local
queens and even even the ones on TV love them. But I just I think the formula of that show is just
Yeah, it kind of worth it.
Roo Roo is also kind of antiquated. Now I'm gonna say it. I'm just gonna say it.
There's a lot of versions of the show that don't have Roo's involvement, but
they they're still derivative of this show. I feel like I'm just kind of
seen it a million times literally a million times of this. No.
Well, I like that when they bring out somebody who is different, like I really enjoyed Evie Oddly,
for example. I enjoyed meeting Evie Oddly. What a fascinating person.
What I have heard about this season is that there's like five trans queens and like four
of them came out. I shouldn't say because of this process, but during this process,
whether it be on the show after the show, or whatever it is. So and I'm sorry if I'm getting
the numbers wrong. I haven't been following that closely. But I know it's a significant amount of
the contestants. Oh, yeah. I'm dark to see you with a topic for us and chat says I know y'all
are probably not fans of GameStop. But they have the at game legends gamer mini for 50 bucks.
I got me one super fun to play around with. It's the at games legend gamer mini. I think
this is like one of those full arcade machines. But it's like very small. I'm trying to look.
Okay, it's a controller. And you hook it up to a TV. Oh, that's pretty clever. So you it's like
a wireless arcade controller. And it has a streaming arcade console that it works with.
And apparently there are 100 to 150 builds. Actually, I'm not looking at the mini though.
Oh, here's the mini. The mini is just smaller. It only has one side of it slots for the optional
pinball kit. Really? That sounds kind of neat. Yeah, there's some buttons on the side that look
like flippers. What's in this thing? Hold on now. Hold on now. Oh, jumping out right there. Bad
Dudes vs. Dragon Ninja right there is playing behind me here. Bubble bobble burger time
elevator action. What are the pinball games? pinball? Maybe they're not in the mini.
This is very this is very much a mishmash of all these different games from different eras. Wow.
That's pretty cool. What's in the big I want to see what pinball games are in the big one.
I know you didn't bring up the big one dark Tetsuya but I did. Oh, I don't I don't see maybe
the the pinball thing must be a separate thing. I should go to the chat. They're probably yelling
it out. I'm not seeing it. Oh, it is a pinball upgrade. And dark to see it says it is very easy
to mod apparently sting it. It looks at me for 50 bucks. That seems like a lot.
You have my interest off to check that out. We have a call coming into our discord. And this
is fun because I have yet to try this. So you'll have to excuse me while I'm rearranging the shot
live on air. But let's get to it. We have a call. And I'd like to bring this individual on. Hello,
you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? This is why we are Hi. Hi, why we are How are you?
Not bad. But wait, we've yet to try this. Oh, that's right. This is the first time you're
taking a call from your new digs, isn't it? Click, click, click, ding. You got it.
Yeah. Nice. Nice. And I even have my camera set up the this time. Congrats, I will get you I will get
actually it didn't fuck up the shot as much as I thought it would. So I will get you on the
screen shortly. But while I work on that, why don't you tell us what's on your mind tonight?
Well, I'm actually a couple of things. But first off, I just kind of wanted to
reply to your reply from my email from last week, because I and I think it's an interesting
conversation, honestly. But you know, I started off by saying that I found Metroid fusion to be
disappointing because it switched things up too much for me. Whereas, you know, then you brought
up dread, and how, you know, it kind of forced you to play a little differently. And that kind
of threw you off a little bit. And I have to say I actually felt the same. The as as I started to
deal with the Emmy zones, and how they basically force you because honestly, like that's kind of
how I played Metroid also, in the past, kind of slowly, deliberately, you know, take my time
exploring. I, the opposite of a speed run, I didn't find myself charging through any particular
areas or anything like that. You know, I would generally play more slowly. So then now, these
Emmy zones are forcing me to kind of dash through and attack aggressively and, you know, just
completely, it took me out of my comfort zone. And then I realized maybe that was on purpose.
And I kind of it kind of made me feel more like, you know, well, I'm the best damn bounty hunter
in the galaxy, I should be doing this, I should be feeling like I'm, you know, gonna attack
aggressively and, and burn through these Emmy zones and not be afraid of this thing that is
charging at me and can one shot me, you know, and I kind of like it, you know, it took me out of my
comfort zone in a way that I kind of actually did not dislike, and then grew to like eventually.
But that's the wonderful thing about the dialogue we have here at yyr is that everybody is entitled
to a wrong opinion. Occasionally, it's it's fine. I'm just kidding. Well, that's what Jamie said.
Last week.
Hey, it's a good line. Yeah, it's still true.
Now, but go ahead, go ahead. And then I have to I have to get to a chat comment about you.
Oh, sure. But yeah, the the difference between, you know, the having to play a different style.
And what I brought up last week is that I liked the change in dread because it added on
to what I enjoyed about Metroid, the exploration and the action.
Whereas with the changes in fusion, I felt that it took away, specifically the exploration,
I didn't feel as if I was lost. And, you know, stranded in in a unfamiliar world with no idea
where I was or where to go, you know, that that's kind of what I look for in my Metroid.
And I, you know, and I'm the first to admit, and I will, you know, especially when it comes to dread,
I think we're just going to disagree on the other. And that's, that's fine. You know,
we don't all like the same games is what it is. That's why every gamer gets a voice.
But as far as dread goes, I will be the first to admit, I need to give the game another shot,
you know, and so and this, this happens all the time. And I think we've all had a game
in the history, or a movie or some piece of art, or like the first time we were like,
eh, and then we go back or revisit it at a certain and just maybe realize maybe it was just the
certain time in our life. Or now, here we are in this day and age, it's it's patches have changed
the game and upgraded the guy. I don't think that'll be the case with dread. But still,
you just re approach the game at a different time. And it's like, you know what this hits different.
And that's what happened with Mass Effect, or I think both dark soccer and I and I and dark
soccer. I don't know if I'm speaking out of turn, but I feel like dead by daylight might have been
a thing like that for you. It's because that game has been out for years. So surely it crossed your
path at some point. It was the Lord that got me. Yeah. So yeah, the Lord nerd. And I had been
vaguely interested in it before. But um, but I was always like, I will only want to play killer and
I will get motion sick. Well, guess what? I only play killer and I get motion sick, but I don't
care. And you've kind of figured out your methods to you know, that's why you do afk breaks and
playing with this thing. Oh, is that trackball? It is a trackball. I have to play with a trackball.
I cannot use a regular mouse anymore. My wrist will start hurting in seconds. And so I play dead
by daylight with a thumb trackball or as our mutual streamer friend bourbon says, I play in
hard mode because I can't 360. Yeah. So I can watch you I can see how sometimes like I'm like,
oh, that you can see that's the trackball. But it's interesting. And I think we have to remember
not every game can be accessed the same way. You know, well, you also see what I do instead of
when they start to 360 I stop, right? It's then that's what it is. It's seeing how people
adjust to those sorts. Exactly. Wait, why? Oh, so you can't 360 not because of the trackball,
but because you'll get the turnaround fast enough for the trackball. Oh,
so. Okay. Because I would actually have to swivel it around to do a 360. Okay. But instead,
and this is actually this actually throws a lot of people off. When I see that they're gonna,
they're looking behind them, they're gonna do dead hard, which is where they run super far ahead,
or they're gonna spin back around. I just stop. And they run right back into me.
That's pretty funny. And I laugh my ass off. And they don't know why I did that. I was like,
because I use a thumbtack ball. End of story. Now I said I would bring this up with yyr.
And it was a comment in the chat that said, Dr. Sia says, love how he just happens to have
the egg rent mini running kicks right behind him there on the screen. Talking about kicks. So how
intentional? I cannot be. I cannot be outdone, but everyone's got their arcade cabinets running in
the background. This is the best I could do. All right. To be fair, dark soccer, dark soccer's
pinball machines are on the other side of that door. So we don't get to see them in the living
room. We moved the couch. Yeah. And of course, I'm running kicks on it because, well, it was
already brought up earlier in the show. So why not? But you know what? Because I have it on the
screen. I can show off one of its really awesome features, but since you brought it up, you'll
notice the monitors oriented vertically, right? You push in and then you can turn the monitor
just like that. Nice. And even flip the screen like your phone does when you turn it on its
side. That's good. But this cabinet has in it a lot of games that were meant to run vertically
and then others that were meant to run horizontally. And you can just flip it at will.
So it fixes one of the big problems that, you know, arcade diehards had back in the day where,
you know, we had games that the home versions would run in rotated mode, but then you got to
rotate your damn TV, which is a pain in the butt. Well, what a sham wow moment YYR just gave us
there showing us how it works. Look, it works. Oh no. And we'll double your order.
What's what's the kickback those mini makers are giving you YYR. That's what I want to know.
All right. All right. Nothing at all. Anything else on your mind tonight YYR before we let you
go? Just one other thing. So I've been working on, I'm finishing up the mini games for the
expansion for super multitasking. I am still working on it. Hades has done a lot of damage.
I discovered that game recently and it has definitely cut into my development time as has
Forza Horizon 5. But you know what? It's like I discovered when COVID started that I have to take
care of myself too. I have to take some time out. I have to play some games, not just work on them.
But I am finally getting around to finishing the mini games. And
the name of my expansion was always going to be super multitasking versus ultimate versus
ultimate because it had the versus mode and the ultimate game set. And now all of a sudden I hate
it because I want the final version of the game to appeal to as many people as possible. Already
I'm going to be adding some accessibility features inspired by some games I've played recently.
For example, when you go into the mission mode, which is what the challenge mode was and what it
will now be called. Yeah, you'll get the options. Okay, here are all the different courses. You can
speed run them or not. Difficulty. Would you like to play it at 100% difficulty? No? Okay.
Then lower it to 90%, 75% or 50%. And there'll be separate leaderboards for that as well.
So anyone can compete. Anyone can test their skills at the level they want to.
But now if you just look at the name, if you look at something, it's like versus ultimate. That
doesn't sound accessible. That doesn't sound inviting. That doesn't sound like an invitation.
It sounds like you're throwing down the gauntlet. I don't want people to think of it that way. So
I think I know what I want to call it, but I wanted to take a straw poll here of chat, perhaps.
And you guys, what do you think sounds better? Super multitasking ultimate or
super duper multitasking? Super duper. I love super duper. I'm sorry. Like as a sequel,
because the first one's been done before, but for you to come out and call it super duper
multi. That's fucking funny. And I, yeah, that's just, see, for me, I was like, Oh,
maybe you could call it like super multitasking party because like party, it means that like
everybody gets to come to the party and play at the party. But now that you've said super duper
multitasking, it's too good. It's too good. And there's also super duper multitasking
for matching service ex plus alpha. I might not go with that one.
I know. And then I was saying, I was going to, um, I was going to appeal to your, um,
Bamani fan senses and say super multitasking final mix. But then when, when you, then when
you were talking about the whole accessibility, I was like, Oh, that's like party though. I like
that. But, um, super, super, um, I guess, I guess Bobby is running an official poll at our chat room
right now. So you can have, you can have some statistics behind your decision, but we multitasking
64 says pod culture. Please know we support you no matter what you do. So even if this poll is
extremely lopsided, you do it's your game at the end of the day, you do what your heart wants to
do. And if you decide to rename the game dumpster fire, we'll still play it. You know what dumpster
multitasking dumpster diving multitasking. Absolutely. I'll get my suitcase. We're moving in.
So I know that now see, see, you're getting all this consulting for free here. Uh, and the poll
is running for those that are, uh, in our live chat, just, you know, you might have to take a
look, uh, at the chat, the drop, but you can actually do the poll. Um, fifth dream says,
put a tiny super and a giant duper in the logo. I could have them scaling in and out.
That would be funny. Oh my God. If it looks good,
fifth, fifth, just realize that you can't spell dumpster without duper. Oh my God. Mind blown.
And they said unbelievable. They said you're a wizard. Fifth dream. You are.
They said word all the way to skill.
Why we are, I don't need to add more to your plate, but you know,
now there needs to be a hidden button input that makes the extra letters appear.
I, I should be able to fit this in the dumpster. I mean, fit it in period on the,
put it on the project plan, by the way, actually add a specific level about a dumpster on fire.
Um, 89% of the participating dark Sakura's brain super duper multitasking is the better name,
but you know what? 11% still did like the other names. So again,
you do what you need to do. You'll have fans. 11% of the people were wrong.
Stop that. All right. Oh, that's, that's pretty wild. Well, thank you. Thank you for the
feedback, everybody. Uh, I appreciate it. And, uh, yeah, it's, uh, one of several
things I'm working on at the moment. Uh, and hopefully at least one of them will come out
this year. You got this. I know you do. I believe in you. All right. Why we are,
I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much for the call. It's
always a delight to talk to you. Always a dumpster. Super duper. It's a dumpster.
Never a fire. All right. Well, enjoy. Take care of everybody. Take care. Have fun too. Bye.
Y Y R here on launch radio. I appreciate that. Uh, all right. Um, I've said my mind is still
blown at that talent to recognize that the word duper is in the word dumpster and it's all in
order too. It's just some extra letters. You know what? You know what word scapes
has taught me, Rob? Hmm. You can't spell subtext without butt sex.
I learn things. Well, there's no more subtext here on orange laundry though, because I think
it's time to go ahead and wrap up for the night, but we can't do that until we go run a gear based
final thoughts, but we can't do that until we get to last minute stories. Cause I forgot them
last week. So I'm not going to forget them this week. Loki, do you have any last minutes?
Fortunately, I don't have anything I want to cover. Sure. The night. I remember you don't
have anything. I, I, I know there was a lot of, um, we had some other stuff like,
okay, sure. And that's it. That's all right. Uh, thank you as always folks for tuning into orange
launch radio, whether you were here live with us on Sunday nights over at Twitch, or you're
listening on our podcast feed, uh, through a client like iTunes, Spotify, Google podcasts,
whatever it is used to listen to podcasts. Thank you for making orange launch radio,
a stop along the way. Um, you don't have to give us your money here at orange launch radio.
Some of you do anyway, and we're really thankful for that. All we ask tell a friend or two about
the show, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
And you know what, if more people want to come here and tell me my opinion on Metroid is wrong,
I will give them a limited amount of time to do so. It's always publicity, right? We will be
cutting them off at a certain point, but you can have a voice for a minute for a moment. Um,
in all seriousness, thank you everybody who does participate every week and along with the show
and all that good stuff. Uh, Hey, you can leave us a comment over at vog network.com. You can
send us a tweet at OLR pretty much. You could probably send a carrier pigeon to us if you know
where to send it. Like I'll, I'll look at the feedback wherever you got it. So, um, send it
our way. Uh, technically we have a Facebook messenger account. I just hardly ever check it,
but it's there. Uh, you could send a message there, whatever, just let us know you're there
and having fun. I hope you are. Um, it's time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Uh, we'll be back next week. Of course, do this all over again for now. Let's get folks
final thoughts. Dark Sakura. I am assuming you are off to a trackball killer adventures,
getting some three 60 survivors. Uh, your final thought for us tonight.
Um, I'm still gonna, I think I'm still gonna work on Billy. Um, I was so close a few times
and I don't know who I want to do after Billy. I think I'm going to do a Cenobite. I might,
I might do him, but still I've got blight out of the way that makes me ridiculously happy.
And you can see my attempts in about a five minutes.
All right. Well, fingers crossed you get another one tonight. Good luck.
Thank you. All right. We'll see you next time.
Um, okay. You have final thought for us tonight. Yeah. I forgot to mention it when I was talking
about my gaming week, but I put out a new video, which is star of a new Minecraft series,
the new hardcore series. So it's an experimental one 19, uh, hardcore series. So it has the new
warden in it, which is like this like big boss character and the stuff called skulk,
which is basically, um, it, they have these sensors and Shriekers, which detect vibrations.
So it makes everything you do in Minecraft very difficult, especially when it's spread
along the world. So I have a new series called the deep dark world. Uh, you should check it out.
It's kind of cinematic, I guess. I tried to edit it in a very cinematic way. It has some
really great music with it and yeah, I'm pretty proud of it. And it's one of the only videos
actually got picked up by the YouTube algorithms. I saw you talking about that and I found it very
interesting that I guess your, your SEO or whatever, like more people are finding
Don't know. Yeah. I don't know if it's that or just because, um, there's not really any one
night there. Cause they just did a one 19 like Minecraft preview thing that came out with the
alley and stuff. And so there's some of people probably looking at that, but I don't know. It's,
it's picked up in search and recommended now. So I don't normally have my videos do that,
which is weird. And I get a lot of comments from people going like, well,
I was surprised that your channel had such quality videos. I'm like, okay,
set. No one still subscribes. I have like 20, 20% of the people that watch my videos,
probably less than that actually subscribe. So at it because you're seeing that it's,
it's a slow burn, but it's burning and more people are discovering it. So if you get one more
men's driver, it's, it's, but God, the water looks so fucking good on your version. Yeah.
Those shaders and it's going to even be better now. Now that I can run them like twice the frame
rate as there was before. So it'll be nice. All right. Excited to see more. So check that out
over at Loki's YouTube channel over at oops, not that screen. Sorry. I'm going to mess up sometimes
over at youtube.com slash Loki O L R. Um, I don't really have a great final thought tonight. Um,
just that I'm very thankful for, um, the opportunities I've been given this year.
I talked a little bit about that. Like my life hosting stuff, um, has come through in a big way
and I'm really appreciative about that. Um, I'm appreciative. I get to do dragon con as a guest
again this year. Um, and I'm appreciative you guys tune in to listen to the show and, uh, participate
and just be a part of it. It's awesome. Um, I think this week Alan and I will do a co-stream,
so stay tuned for that. We're very excited to do that and either survive together in space or in
dead by daylight or probably eventually both. So, um, that's it. Thanks again, everybody for
tuning into orange launch radio. I hope you had a wonderful week and we'll see you again next time.
I'm glad we got an almost full three hour show again tonight. We've had some short shows lately,
so I'm glad we got a good one, even if there was some difficult news this week. Um, but it was a
good discussion. Thanks everyone for keeping it civil and being cool. Have a great night,
everybody. Goodbye. You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for our live show. Tune
into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio nor vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
