🎵Music🎵
Oh
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up?
attention
1, 2, 3, 4!
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
You are tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio and we are all set for episode number 166, tonight,
December 4th, 2005.
We're going to talk a little bit about what's going on at that game festival that none of
us were cool enough to actually go to, but I hear there's a lot of cell phone action
going on, so we're going to talk a little bit about that.
Of course, how was your week, how was your day, cage match and all that fun stuff you
chatters know and love, so come on board, we'll start right after this.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 166 for this December the 4th of 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive
through our website, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts
in that corner of the Happiest Bunny on the Farm,
Ms. Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I like burritos.
That's good.
Was it a steak burrito, or was it a veggie burrito?
It was a vegetarian burrito.
Like beans.
And guess what?
Beans make me poo.
I have a voice lalalalala
Congratulations!
No hacking tonight.
Just because I have codeine in my body.
Hooray! Drugs!
Yay! I love my opiates!
Also joining us, say hello to the other drug fiend, Loki!
I hate burritos.
You hate burritos? Do they make you poop too?
No, I just hate all Mexican food.
Except for chips and salsa, but that's kind of borderline.
Have you ever had the chips and salsa at Chipotle? Because they have lime chips. Like their chips have just a hint of lime.
No. I've been to Sharky's. They have really good chips and salsa. And then just homemade chips and salsa.
They have good carnitas at Felipe's by the house.
Is that a mom-paw type place, Felipe?
Sorta, yeah. But carnitas are yummy.
There's a place over here by Target that's owned by Grandma.
We call her Grandma because this really old lady owns it.
No, she's so sweet.
She's always nice to us.
She always gives us lots of chips and salsa for free when we go there to do like takeout.
And I feel bad because ever since Chipotle opened up, fucking no one goes to Grandma's
anymore.
Sad.
We should go eat there.
I know we should.
Because I love Grandma.
She's so sweet.
Let's go.
Let's go have a staff meeting there.
Wait, how do you say Grandma in Spanish?
I don't remember.
I don't know.
I'm sure someone in chat will tell me.
Abuelita, is that it?
Yeah.
Yes.
So, everyone's going to scream happy birthday and...
By the way guys, I'm using the microphone tonight that sucks.
I just want everybody to know.
So if I cut in and out, deal with it.
Aww.
When you cut out, we'll cheer.
Shut up.
Alright, we're going to take a break.
Then we're going to come back and have ourselves a show.
Because we want to talk about TDR stuff and there's new videos for 2DX to talk about.
There's also new Guitar Freaks V2 and Drummania music.
And then there's Dick and Fart Jokes.
So we gotta get, as usual, because it wouldn't be a show if we couldn't have some Dick and
Fart Jokes.
And musical burping.
Uh, we'll be back after this, in this break, some Bahmani potpourri.
We're gonna start it off with something I do every time I eat a lot of beans.
Drop the bomb here on Orange Lounge Radio.
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
The rhythm is the part that you choose, we gotta get with it
We're made in the center, you all might try
We can do it now, you better snag those colors
Yes, already take that ball
You can make me cold, just drop that ball
Yeah, yeah, drop that ball
Just drop that ball
Let's just keep that ball
Yo, you got this build on rhythm
If you need the lights, do it some sense
We'll ride the wave to some coffee
The rhythm is the part that you choose, we gotta get with it
And you're staring all right for me to do it now, you're such a tango scholar
You had to erase your face at four, and it's up to you to pick back four
You dropped that ball
You dropped that ball
You dropped that ball
Hey, did you drop that bomb?
And when I'm on my own
You will shine like a star in the eye
Play me by your brilliant light
Shine your light
You've never seen the light shine in your eyes
I'm never on my own
You're shining like a star in the sky
Made me by your way, I lie
1, 2, 3, 4!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
You
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Happy December to you all. This is our first show for December.
It's Decemberween!
Have you been naughty or nice this year?
Will Santa be bringing you lots of joy and wonderful gifts this year?
this year or will he be bringing you charcoal? Actually, I found charcoal, little plastic
charcoals filled with candy at Target. Oh, that's cute. That's a cute idea. I'm going
to put some in Dan's stocking. And I thought he brought just real coal, which coal is actually
worth quite a bit from what I hear. My skill in mining has gone up by one point. Angel,
what did you get for your birthday? I was having sex with your cake during the break.
Or, okay, she has this cake thing and it has a big hole in it, so I didn't really, guys, I didn't really have sex with the cake, but I pretended like I was going to have sex with the cake.
And that was my way of frosting it. No, I'm kidding.
Naughty, naughty, naughty!
I'm so gonna get coal in my stocking. You know what I'm gonna get in my stocking this year? A pig's head. That's what I'm gonna get in my stocking this year.
We're gonna give you a do-it-yourself taxidermy kit.
You should deep fry that thing.
If I get a pig's head, I would so deep-fry it, it'd be badass.
Anyway, I'm sorry, Angel, the birthday girl. How was your birthday? Did you get any presents?
Uh, just this, uh...
That's cute. That's cute, though. I like that.
It's a fuse necklace from, well, you can buy it, but thank you.
It's like this piece of glass that they've, like, kind of, uh, polished, and they've stuck an LED light in there, and, heh heh, LED.
he bad joke and and and and it like goes through color cycles and stuff so it
goes from blue and then green and then red and then purple or something that's
pretty cool and the battery is replaceable ooh anyway yeah so I got one
of those and um I got a little model of Air Force One so another plane dad in my
collection that nobody knew about anyway LED guys get it forget it yeah so um
nothing much other than that had a party in there last night I got lots of
digital toys yay that's cool so now I was a bad friend because I I didn't have
a chance to go out today I actually went to but the sad thing is I was at the
mall for like five minutes but most that time was spent trying to find a parking
space because my friend really wanted to go and run in and get something and I
did it totally like escaped my mind I was like I was gonna get angel
something in the moon so I'll have present for you later sure they'll just
make your birthday last longer sure it that way yeah and then there's animal
crushing whenever that comes out that's true
Animal Crossing I'm sorry Animal Crossing is gonna be badass yeah I know
and then we can all play and stuff, and trash each other's town, and...
I'm gonna whack you with a bug net.
But I could do that in real life.
Well, yeah, you don't live that far from me, do you?
Hey, Hazel, here's a rock!
Throwing a rock across this highway. Oh, wait. Anyway, yeah.
Anywho, well, happy birthday from us at OLRTU.
I think we need to sing to Angel, everybody.
we need to sing happy birthday to angel orange lounge radio style okay ready
everybody give the mic to Loki so you can help out all right here we go one
two three happy birthday fuck you happy birthday fuck you happy birthday fuck
fuck angel
in a good way
happy birthday
fuck you
woo
I got a platinum record for that
somebody shoot the singer
I should totally be a lounge singer
happy birthday
fuck you
how was your week, how was your day
Dark Sakura
I spent most of the week having the plague
But I decided that it might be the T-Virus.
Like, isn't that what AIDS is?
No, those are T-Cells.
I pity the fool who don't understand the difference.
No, the T-Virus was the zombie virus in Resident Evil in the first game.
So I figured that if you ever start seeing Itchy Tasty show up on my live journal,
like the entry before that would be Ugly Face So Shot Him,
then the next one itchy tasty then you'd know that I turned into a zombie and
then of course I'd be in here eating everybody's brains are you sniffing my
spicy brains no I wasn't sniffing your spicy brains so um but I did have fun
yesterday because I felt kind of better and I had already made plans so I went
over to our friend Tia's house to make dinner which I made chicken and green
means which I will post pictures of in the chat room because she took pictures
of the food I cooked I thought it was sweet and then me and her and her
roommate went to the thrift store but on the way there we were sort of like in
the ghetto part of town that we saw Popeyes fried chicken and ate fried
chicken in my car while listening to The Cure fried chicken biscuits with the
But I, I'm in love with a chicken wing.
No, it's like listening to pictures of you
with eating, chowing down on fried chicken.
What's that commercial that uses pictures of you?
Do I watch TV? I'm asking hypothetically. It's the Kodak, right?
No, that's true colors. They show that before the movies, too. No, that was like in the 80s.
That's the last time you probably watched TV.
The Kodak thing. They show us the movies too, you know, and they have the
pictures of you. I think it is. It might be a digital camera. I don't know.
I don't ever see the camera like that. But I can just imagine like a parody commercial of that, but you and Tia
like just chowing down like a
rabid pairing of chicken flesh and everything. It'd be great. Dude, we were all three eating that chicken.
It was pretty cool. And then we went to the thrift store, which is the picture I just posted in the chat room.
We were all trying on hats.
And Tia tried on this nasty wig, so she was all mama's family.
And there's another picture of me and her with cowboy hats, which I will post in the chatroom in a moment.
I think that's going to be your new picture on whatever Orange Lawns Radio album art we switch to.
No, no, no, no. I have to have the one in the plaid beanie, which I have to go back and buy.
The plaid beret thing.
Because we're all going to have new pictures. And there's a... Did I even tell you guys about the new intro for the podcast that's coming?
Thank you, Rob, for keeping us in the loop and making executive decisions.
I totally forgot about it.
You said that we could have potentially won, but...
That person is doing it, for sure.
But we have to screen it when it's done to make sure we like it, of course.
Okay.
So you knew!
Liar!
Oh my god, Jamie's trying to fuck with me! She uses off me!
Off of her head! Off of her head! Kill her!
But...
Yes, I do have a butt. It's very nice. It's very big. Hey! It's times like these you guys
are glad we don't have the, uh, OLR webcam. Cause I just showed my butt to Jamie. I didn't
show the skin, but I showed... Oh baby, I'm so turned on by your big, gay butt. I'm wearing
tight jeans today. Cause my butt did get bigger, therefore my jeans are tighter. Those are
actually really nice jeans. I like your very emo-looking holes in your face. Do you like
this like the pre razor-bladed emo emo jeans here? I had the coolest jeans though in the
80s because you remember during the Samantha Fox days how it was really cool to have all
ripped up jeans. Naughty girls need love too. Well I, my mom would not let me cut my jeans
I was so pissed off so I went roller skating and I ran into the wall and back then at the
roller rink the wall was made out of carpet and I carpet burned the knees out of my jeans
running into the wall and sliding against it.
And I had the biggest rug burn on my knee.
It was crazy.
Didn't Samantha Fox also do Let the Music Play? No. What am I getting?
That was, her name was
Shannon.
Oh, that's right.
Samantha Fox did, um,
crap, now I forgot that other song she did.
She did Naughty Girls Need Love Too and, um,
I forget. Anyway, um, but back to, uh, my life.
Yes, I remember being young in the 80s.
Maybe. Just maybe.
Naughty girls need love too.
It's one of my favorite songs ever.
I do not like big butts. I'm trying to get rid of mine.
Oh my god, well I'll talk about it during my, I made a I like big butts reference this weekend, but anyway, I'm sorry.
I'll get to it later.
I also found out during the whole point in time that I've had my degenerative disease that I dropped something like 16 pounds during the month of November.
Oops.
Because I couldn't eat.
Which is funny because I bet that makes you the biggest loser and you weren't even playing the game.
No, I wasn't.
I also found out that I really like eggnog flavored things like eggnog ice cream because I had some last night
The uh, yeah, the eggnog stuff that they do it like Starbucks and stuff the eggnog lattes. They do this at my work. Oh
Good shit, and and and and and
Eggnog ice cream at Baskin-Robbins. This stuff is the best thing ever because I love ice cream
Excuse me, that was my latte saying hi
Anything else you want to show about your week and your day in the 80s?
Um, I did really shitty homework all day. And then I'm going to, after the show, I'm going to go home and do more.
I just thought I'd let you know.
Okay. What kind of homework?
I have Illustrator this morning, Dreamweaver when I get home.
And I'm going to be doing my geography homework during lunch tomorrow.
Geography.
Ugh, I'm so glad that class is going to be over in two weeks!
And I have jury duty on the 19th.
really if you're taking geography maybe you can answer a question for me is
Canada a state or not Canada is a country oh there's a lot of people just
say it's another state has territories I know I'm just I'm just teasing these
Canada is a state in the dipshit I just wanted to piss off soccer you know
whatever Canadian listeners we have so no did you hear what I just said whoever
Whoever says that Canada is a state, whoever legitimately thinks that.
You know there's people out there that think that.
Well they're dipshits.
And Canada's just one big state.
They need to be drug out into the street, and then someone needs to...
The Queen of England is the Governor of Canada.
It makes perfect sense that Canada is a state, I mean that's how Alaska's attached to the
rest of the United States.
They need to be taken out into the middle of the street and then someone needs to get
like a big stinky sweat you know sweat sock and then put a tennis ball in it
and beat him in the head with it a wet one like fresh from the football players
foot I it's just another state where they have you know health care you know
I'm teasing of course I'm not that stupid and dirty French people I do have
to say having known quite a number of French Canadians during my time of
living immobile and I try not to make generalizations about people I prefer
the French to the French Canadians I think soccer inas from Quebec you're
gonna have I think in general all right you make him cry don't make our listeners
cry again don't make the listeners cry again okay that's like the third time
this month and we're only on the fourth you know what what dude okay right Cola
is yummy I know I see their time dude did Canada invent tab because if they
did seriously nuke them I'm actually I was actually suggesting to my well I
wanted to suggest to my husband that we moved to Canada it's cold you'd be cold
I like cold. Your nips will be hard all day.
Bitch!
Don't say it! I like cold!
I'm going to go ahead and say this now. There is the possibility of us moving in a year.
Wow.
That does not mean I will no longer be doing the show.
You'll be freaking rich because the dollar is worth more over there.
I'll just convert all my money.
That's it. That's it. Next Christmas, I'm gonna convert all my money to Canadian dollars and then go shopping and then come back.
We probably have other Canadian listeners who are listening and going,
these people are jerks.
It's all right. We had to make fun of this continent for once, you know, because it's always, you know.
And like, you know what? You know what?
I love Canada because I could get gay married there if I wanted to.
But honestly, if I moved to any country, it's gonna be to the UK.
Because seriously, I am so pissed off at our government.
I hate the situation here.
So hopefully, I'm going to say this publicly on the air.
If any, I want to be hired by zombie flesh eaters, please. Thank you.
Alright. Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
My week was okay. I kicked the crap out of the rest of my colleagues in Granitahto per usual.
And now we're actually going to start keeping stats now, just because I want to know how
badly I'm winning.
And other than that, I've been just waiting for my 360 to come in, talking to people at
GameStop and they haven't even gotten another shipment in, so yay Microsoft!
Meanwhile, Microsoft launched in Europe with less than expected 360s because, you know,
those should have come over here instead of sending them to the UK.
Yeah, we got ours.
It freezes all the time.
Anyways, then I was also waiting for my accessories to show up at my work, and those
still haven't come in either, because Microsoft once again is slow on sending something out.
I swear to God, they just, like, screw everything up. They really don't know what they're doing.
Because, you know, it makes perfect sense. Let's go ahead...
We're really short on units in the United States, let's go ahead and launch it in other
countries so that they're also disappointed in our launch as well.
That'd make perfect sense.
And then what, next week they're going to do Japan and then Japanese just won't give
a shit because none of them are buying it?
Actually I hear more people give a shit about Xbox 360 than like the revolution, as I was
reading some...
Yeah, because there's no info about the revolution, the 360's coming out.
So I don't know.
That's why I, boys and girls, we did just have a big-ass net split in our chat room, so folks are dropping like flies, but, you know, life goes on, so just keep trying.
Other than that, that's pretty much the main part of the week. I didn't really do anything of importance other than kick the crap out of my colleagues in Grand Theft Auto.
Can you check that out?
Because I rock.
Yeah, that's about it.
Alright, super. Angel! Angel, Angel, Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
Good. School, grrr. Finals next week, good. Why? Because I get to go... wait, no more.
Well, two weeks, and then school's over, and then I get to go back to my parents' house for like ten days and hang out in the bay.
Uh, so that'll be fun. Um... other than that...
Everybody's leaving for Christmas. I hate Christmas. You know why? Because everybody fucking leaves.
You're going to the Bay Area, Shane's going back to Kansas. Who else is leaving?
Who else is leaving for Christmas? Are you leaving for Christmas?
No.
Good. Are you leaving for Christmas?
No.
Good.
Anyway, yeah, so, I get to do that.
You know, I'm gonna go to Canada for Christmas, just to be trendy.
Heh. Um... yeah. Oh yeah, World of Warcraft.
And we're all on the same server now. That's pretty funny, isn't it?
I refuse to play on that server.
Why?
Because I'm already playing on two other servers.
But people are welcome to play with me.
It doesn't matter. I barely play World of Warcraft anymore. It's kind of sad.
I do, however, play Dragon Quest.
I haven't played a lot of games at all this week, though. Really, it's kind of sad.
Yeah, I've just kind of done World of Warcraft when I can.
Most of the week's been dedicated to school, so...
And then my birthday, so nothing really happened this week, per se, just World of Warcraft when I could, and then homework, and then sleep, and then school, and you know, the regular usual grind. So I've had a very boring week, aside from today, so it's all good.
Alright, my week and my day.
Pretty good.
I had a pretty good week.
You know, just really busy, work stuffs and all that good things and I really wasn't getting
a lot of sleep this week.
Oh yeah, this was my week where it was like energy drinks kept me through this week and
I never drink those energy drinks because they're horrible for you.
Like Ecstafur, who's not here tonight because he's on the road right now, Ecstafur was telling
me about how those energy drinks sent his brother to the hospital, because his brother
drank too many of those things, like the buku and the rockstar and all that shit. You gotta
be careful with that stuff. Like, use them once in a while if you absolutely need to,
but otherwise, that stuff will kill you. Why are your eyes lighting up like his new Christmas
toy, Loki? Your eyes are lighting up like, oh my gosh, I'm so excited, I'm gonna go drink
a bunch. Yeah! Cause you wanna go to the hospital? No, I don't like the hospital, but I think
I can handle it. I'll drink that with alcohol. That'd be perfect.
Well, that's okay. Like Red Bull and vodka, because you don't really drink that much of
it. But like, okay, this is seriously bad, okay? Wednesday, I had a rock star. Thursday,
I had a rock star. Friday, I had a rock star. Not good. I should not be drinking that much
energy drinks. You're sounding like Pam Anderson.
especially Red Bull, which looks and tastes like piss.
Oh, actually Red Bull to me, now not that I really know what this tastes like, but actually
a lesbian told me this, is that Red Bull tastes like pussy.
But it looks like pee. Obviously I don't know this to be true because
I've never really eaten pussy because, you know, I am a homosexual.
However, well I did date girls in college and stuff, but you know, I never, you know,
that thing uh-huh which involves yeah that part however I've been told by by
a couple lesbians that it indeed tastes like pussy so I I therefore I shouldn't
like Red Bull but I do drink it once a while it's really good with vodka and I
I don't remember where I was going with this.
It still looks like piss.
Uh, yeah.
Anyway.
I don't remember where I was going with that. I know.
Train derailed. Show derailed.
Uh, let's see.
Back on topic. Back on topic.
Oh, uh, let's see.
Um, I saw a friend of mine this weekend.
A couple of friends of mine
this weekend who I hadn't seen in a while.
So that was cool.
and I saw some karaoke revolution partay which was fun and um but karaoke revolution
party is kind of overdone for me now I think I think I've seen too much of it like if I
hear another fucking person saying I will always love you I'm going to force them to
drink a gallon of red bull or something because I can't stand to hear people sing those songs
anymore. However, all in all, good times. And I ate a lot of food this weekend. That's
about it. I've been in a mood, I've actually, I have to say, I'm going to be absolutely,
absolutely freaking lutely honest. I've had male PMS like all week long. Like I don't
know what it is. I suspect, and I probably shouldn't be laughing about this or bringing
this up on the show, but I suspect that I'm one of those people that probably gets really
affected by the weather, the seasonal disorder, whatever, because seriously, I always get
male PMS in December when the seasons start changing around here. Like always. And so
this week I've been kind of PMS-y and I haven't wanted to do a whole lot except nap. So that's
the reality. That's not me making shit up for radio. That's the reality is that I really
haven't done a lot this week cuz cuz I've been sad oh I forgot I forgot to
mention I bought another game for the Xbox 360 and make the total of five now
five games for a system I don't own yes I just find that to be redo what are you
getting your Xbox 360 have you figured it out yet um I'm thinking sometime
before the apocalypse, um, perhaps... Well, they were telling me, they said, by Christmas,
and they said I was halfway down the list. However, I actually got to see the list, and
I'm not quite halfway down the list. I'm more of, oh, I don't know, five names from the
bottom of the list. You know, it's like, oh, thank you very much. You know, so...
Have there been more shipments of Xbox 360 since the first?
not uh... game stop elise uh... we can
well i mean like in general yeah but you have some of the works for games uh...
but i'm talking about average joe's here
i mean hell let's let's talk about my boss who you know
one of our co-workers you know their boyfriend works for game stop and he
ordered his after mind and he got a large state gee i wonder how that works
we didn't do that
well i know you didn't do that
I'm not talking about you. I'm just saying that, you know, it's impossible to get one.
But anyways, no, they haven't really gotten one, at least not at the GameStop that's by
my house. And I asked them if they had any more shipments since, you know, launch, and
they said they hadn't gotten anything. Maybe next week, maybe whatever. But I don't know
what's taking so long. And they're only making it worse for themselves now that they're launched
in two different countries. I mean, if they didn't have enough units before, they're really
not going to have them now. Supposedly there's going to be more Best Buy on the 18th for
their Sunday sale or something like that. They're going to be advertising them again,
so I might camp out a couple hours before they open.
Dork.
Well, I'm just tired. The whole thing is, I'm just, I have these games and I've been
waiting you know it'll be you know a couple weeks now for this thing and I'm
just kind of tired of waiting. At $60 a game that's about $300 in games you have right now.
It's all credit. All store credit. I paid not one cent for any of those games. Amazing.
Yeah so I'm not worried about that but the thing is it's just I really kind of
want the system now since I've paid for it and you know waiting at you know
GameStop, it's going to take me forever, even if they do get another shipment in, I'm not
going to be on that shipment, so I've got to wait. And I'll be waiting until next year.
By that time, hell, my work will have them then. It's just retarded. So, I might as well
just go ahead and pick one up at GameStop, or Best Buy or whatever, and then just cancel
my pre-order there and get my money back.
I think we should go and kick Microsoft in the balls for what they're doing with this.
I mean, seriously, this is stupid.
And then they keep advertising their system and stuff. They're not in fucking stores, you morons.
I mean, I haven't seen
any Xbox 360 in stores now. No, they're not.
It's not around, and
their whole marketing is retarded.
They really need to just
stop. They should have. This whole worldwide launch is the most retarded thing.
Okay, first off,
they can't really say, oh yeah, we did a worldwide launch. No, you didn't.
fail at that so you can't even you know hold that above everyone else's heads
they should just launched in one country at first a couple months later launch
another country and later another country poor Australia I mean that's
kind of giving you an idea when units are actually going to be in stores March
I mean they better hope that Sony isn't like oh yeah we're gonna be able to
launch in a couple months, you know, with our PS3. So, it's just, it's ridiculous. That's
all I got. Earth to rub. Sorry. We're going to go break. When we come back from break,
we're going to open up the Skypline and your comments because it's not broken this week
and we'll have that. So we'll be back
after this mix of
music from various bimani games. Won't that be fun?
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio and other
news and some movie time, hopefully.
He knew he had to try to let love in
My mother let her know
She was in the mood for talking
But when he began to play the game
Before he knew it he had told her how much he'd been hurting
How he was hoping she was not the same
Could you see the kind of way the family can
After all of this time, could this be true love?
And he said, boy, you don't have to love no more
I'll give the love you need, do you holler in the guarantee?
I'd like to rest, for I'm a fine lady
You've been hard, but peaceful, but I am the cure
And when you wake up late, thinking it's a dream
The best day boy you know, you can count on me
Believe me
This lady, you know what she found in me
Is a lady, kind of lady
That can give you what you need
Baby, a kind of lady
That will never leave you lonely
The lonely end of the neighborhood
This little lady
Finally found me your kind
Look at me
Keep the camera, keep the camera
Keep the camera, keep the camera
Keep the camera, keep the camera
Keep the camera
Bouncing in the moonlight
You're dancing in the shadow
We sing of the dream of the dream
Night is the moment of self-infusion
Things ever are what they seem
The moon and the stars are a double creation
The only reality's you and me
The stars of your lips would be such a sensation
So sweet my angel
Give it to me all through the night
You can't be scared to say it. And you say it.
You've got to say it till the morning.
You can't be scared. Can you hear it?
Shake my tongue.
Shake my tongue.
Shake my tongue.
Shake my tongue.
Shake my tongue.
You've got to be a girl
Okay, let's go!
Good job!
Let's do it!
Let's do it!
Hi Ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast is going to be about
of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number
59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio and before the break we were talking a little
bit about our weeks and our days and now of course we need to get into talking a little
bit about what's going on with those music games we know and love and adore.
And I'm hearing that there's some pretty big news going on with Beatmania US, the buddy
of mine in chat telling me about this, I'm going to see if I can get him to call in in
a little bit.
But I guess some big stuff going on.
I heard that the game festival was this weekend, right?
That was the big festival that went on in San Francisco where they had a bunch of games
that were being shown.
It was like, it was kind of like E3 but the X Games or something.
So I don't know how to explain it, what they were doing.
But apparently Beatmania didn't show up the first day because of a really stupid mistake,
not on Konami's end but on some festival planning end, so they didn't have Beatmania USA the
first day.
But I think it did finally make an appearance this weekend, so we probably know a little
bit more about it, so I'm going to see if we can get somebody who might have been there
to tell us a little more about it first hand.
However, we do have news about what's going on with Beatmania over in Japan.
at 2DX 13th style, also known as beginning 2DX distorted, because I think they are going
back to saying 2DX 13, but they're still not saying, you know, 13th style or anything,
so whatever you want to call it, distorted I guess would be the official name. They're
actually location testing right now, and some folks snuck in a camera, and you know, this
is like a high security place, and you know, these kids could probably get arrested for
what they're doing but to bring joy to us all they snuck a camera in there and
recorded some of what was going on on the location test and some of the songs
and I hear now I haven't seen this but I hear that there's a pretty awesome video
for a new song called star or some sorry not star field a sun field which you
know obviously the name sounds an awful lot like star field but there's a pretty
awesome video and one of our chatters Siggy suggested that we watch it so I
said sure why not let's watch it so here it is we're gonna do a little bit of
Orange Lawn's Movie Time. This is the location test for Sunfield. And you guys might be able
to hear a little bit of the song in the background here.
This definitely sounds nothing like Starfield.
It's a BABYTRAN!
This little baby verse of Tran sitting there with all these colored spheres flying around.
Oh, and look at that little beach ball!
And now baby Tran has passed out.
It's falling.
The camera was about to go up her ass, so that was not necessary.
And so Tran had a beach ball.
Oh, there's little Tran right on the beach ball. That's cute. I like that.
Thought I looked like it. That was pretty excellent.
Oh, hey! Tran's all grown up now.
There's Tran. He's got a ball.
And now Tran is flying on a colored something.
There's a Walker! There's a Walker!
Oh, gee.
Is that a baby?
Oh, is that a mommy Tran? A baby Tran?
Oh, I get it.
Here, play with your head.
Time to change the diaper, baby Tran.
Yay!
Now back to the words I can't read.
Driving into a smile.
EGRID!
I thought there was a lyric in the song.
Happening this time.
Something driving into a smile.
That's a terrible thing to say.
We're learning a cute video.
Oh, look at that. You can almost see the reflection of the guy. We're gonna go have him arrested.
That was cute. I like that. The video to iFutureList, which is over on that computer somewhere,
the other extraterrestrial computer, it's pretty cool because you can actually see a
Kiryamoka like really well in the video, and I just remember like, let me describe the
video like this. One word. Shades. I swear to God, that was like a part of the video
that stuck out in my mind. It was great. Anyway, check that out boys and girls.
Those location test videos are posted over on BomaniStyle. So you can go
check that out if you want. We post them on our website, but that's not really our
thing. We don't want to tread on somebody else's territory, and the
The pirating of 2DX videos has always been Bomani-style's forte, so have at it.
Alright, we're going to open up the Skype line, boys and girls.
I'm sure you kids want to call us and let us know what's going on.
So the Skype line's open.
Give us a call.
Hello, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hello?
Hello?
You're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Well, hello there.
Okay, I think I can get to you.
Hello? Y'all don't know what it sounds like on the radio.
Well hello there.
Okay, I think I can catch you now.
Can you hear us?
Yes, I can hear you.
And who might this be?
Oh, you're speaking to the one and only Mel-to-the-bizzle.
Hello Mel-to-the-bizzle. How are you Mel-bizzle, Mr. Bizzle?
Yes, yes, okay, you're just a little, you're a little bit intermittent in and out there, but.
That's because Loki is downloading porn on the other computer.
I am not doing any of that. He's downloading lots and lots of pornography and it's messing
up our bandwidth. Yeah, I'm not surprised that Splooge is getting
through the tubes of connection right now. Well, what's going on? How was the game festival?
You went to the game festival, right? How was it?
Well, it was pretty cool, you know, game and music experience, but I think, and I know
you can definitely feel where I'm coming from when I say this, if you've been to E3, it's
It's kind of like going to Vegas, you know, like, of video gaming.
Everything's out there, it's so grandiose, you know, it's the whole nine.
When you go to a game, it's kind of like taking a site trip to Reno.
It's like going to Reno, yeah, I definitely hear that.
Did you see any cool new things there at the Game and Music Experience, or whatever the
hell it was called?
There's a couple, yeah, the Game and Music Experience, there were a couple new things.
I mean, I know most of the Orange Realms radio people want to hear about 2DX, and I think
you kind of got the scoop that 2DX wasn't there until like today.
Yeah, I heard about that.
Yeah, well, I have to blow the scoop without knowing if you heard the full story, but essentially,
first off, Friday, they didn't even put the freaking ROM in the display case.
Granted, for a matter, this is games doing this.
Konami and like all the other companies, they're not running their own boots.
This is like all done by union members, and you know, like they really know about video
games.
So putting a lot of trust in people, and then them fucking it up, basically.
Yeah, so, okay, so anyway, Jason, you know, he wasn't even going to be there this weekend,
Jason, you know?
But he comes down and he's like, you know, what the F is going on?
And so we talked to the, you know, coordinator, and then they say, yeah, we can't find a ROM.
Well, it's like, okay, great.
Not only is our game not being displayed, but now, you know, there's a loose ROM and
this could be some serious trouble.
So Jason has to run back down to Konami, get the ROM, and get, like, a debug PS2, and,
you know, bring that back up, like, Friday, like, at midnight or so, so, like, Saturday,
We figured we were going to have everything up and running.
Well, the geniuses that ran the whole place, you know, put in the ROM this time,
but they used their own PS2, and not the one that Jason brought.
So what happened was, you could play the game all the way up to select a song.
When you select a song, the thing flows.
And when the thing flows, people thought, oh great, this is, you know, a bugged ROM.
This is going to be the best game ever.
This is going to be the best game ever is what they were thinking.
Yeah, so anyway, yeah.
So that's a bug. And then Jason comes up and says, what the hell is going on?
Finds out that they didn't use the PST that he gave them.
And so he didn't get it up and running until like about 10 o'clock last night, which is essentially the time game closed.
So it was finally up and running this morning, and I finally got to get a sneak peek in.
I got a few like of the inside things that most people don't know about just by looking at BeatMania.
Tell us, tell us, tell us.
Tell us what?
Tell us, tell us.
Don't hold back anymore. Tell us what's going on.
OK, so, alright, so, um, 2DX, you know, I got to check that out, um, the build looked
a lot like, um, you know, 9th style, pretty much like what you see, it looked a little
cleaner this time.
As far as song lists, they didn't reveal a whole heck of a lot, because, you know, of
course they still want to keep a lot of their stuff under wraps, there's a lot of new songs
that he said, but, um, it's kind of cool the way they set it up, because, like, you know
how BeatMe is supposed to have 5-key and 7-key, um, functionality?
The way you like it is select screen, you can either choose BeatMania or BeatMania 2DX.
So that's kind of like a neat little spin on that.
And one little spin that, I don't know if anyone's mentioned this or not, but one thing
that America does have, actually let's keep, well actually before we get to that, another
thing they keep is they actually use Happy Sky naming conventions now, so now things
are like beginner or easy or hyper and then, you know, hard, so I thought that was a neat
split.
The main thing that I heard that was confirmed was you notice how like when you watch hot
bitches videos or like you know you play a song and you AAA it and you think oh man how
can I prove to people I did this besides the score?
TDX USA will be offering a you can save your replays.
Wow, so you can save replays of songs.
Are you going to be able to do anything with the internet?
Yes.
Yes?
What's that?
Are you going to be able to do anything with the internet?
That wasn't mentioned.
Oh, okay.
I don't know about internet online play, but I do know that instant replays of your in-game are available.
Very interesting.
Yeah, you know, there were a couple of them.
We were talking about the Konami style, like the new US controller.
Because, the thing was, they didn't have it on display at games that weekend, because
essentially, A, it felt like a little bit, you know, getting tested out and stuff, and
B, they didn't want to get it jacked or broken, and you know how, like, when you go to a place
that's open to the public, you know, TVX will get, I mean, come on, Roseville Golf Land,
that's sad.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Okay.
All right, so let's see.
Yeah, so, I mean, we've got to talk to you about it, and it's like, apparently, you know,
according to like some of the people who have played it,
you know, from what he said,
the controller feels a little bit, you know,
it looks a lot sleeker, it's lighter.
The keys aren't exactly like the Konami style
where they're absolute like clicky-clicky,
but from what I heard, they feel a lot better
and they don't like stick.
So they don't so much click, but they don't stick
like the old controller does so much?
They have a little bit more click
than the like normal home-style controllers,
but not as much like total, you know, perfect click,
actually an arcade style.
Okay, okay. Now, Loki brought up a picture in here in the studio
of some, I think this is an ad, an ad for Beatmania, and you can clearly see this
controller
is rounded on the side. That's the cover shot.
That's the cover shot of the game.
And are you going to be able to flip,
well, I guess you could still do the flip around the controller thing for
either side.
As far as I know, yeah, you can flip it.
but it's weird because it's it's rounded on one side now it's not a completely
rectangular controller it looks like uh...
finger
it's kinda rounded on one side so that's interesting
alright
anything else you want to share about what was going on with BeatMania?
uh... let me think uh... as far as like five key songs and seven key songs
i don't know i can't remember what the E3 list was like but as far as like five key songs
I remember seeing, like, Hunting For You, Bossa Nova de Fabian, they had Battle Breaks,
which I didn't see at E3.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, Battle Breaks, what else was there, Metal Gear, Salting, Paranoia Max, so yeah,
that was kind of the default list, almost, for E3, except maybe like one or two songs.
R7 Key, the hardest song I saw was Shining Polaris, so I thought I had E3 also, but they
also have like the M Steps.
It's that song from, it's style like, is it your fifth or no sixth style, it's the Shochiro
Hirata song, that's like the two step song, oh the M Step 2 one, yeah I know what you're
talking about, okay.
Yeah they had that song, they had um, they had GMD on there which is surprising, the
GMD okay, oh wow okay, yeah complicated like trigonometry, that was like third style wasn't
it, that's an old song, I know yeah and the cool thing was they kept a lot of the 2DX
those crossed over to this version, so like, you know, GMB with the pop locker and the
breaker, yeah, you get to see that on there.
Now were the Anothers there or not?
That's what they're asking in chat.
Um, Anothers, I can't remember, I tried to play like sharing Polaris with Another, but
I can't remember if it was or not, you know, because I haven't played that song in a long
time.
But as far as I know, well, from what Jason had told me, as far as Anothers, I heard it's
It might be something you have to unlock.
It might be an unlock feature then, okay.
Yeah.
Did you see any of the DJ art, the goalie art, the art that shows up when you beat songs?
What was it?
Did you see any of the art, the artwork, the DJs on the completion screen?
They didn't have any artwork, like when you get the certain gallery unlocks.
No, I did not see that at the time, they just only had the stat screen.
But that may still be a work in progress.
Yeah, it's still a work in progress, you never know.
I mean, I hear, like, well, the one thing that somewhat disappointed me was, um, 5-speed
beat mania doesn't have their old, like, you know, 16-bit or whatever, like the, you know,
those little block type videos.
Yeah, the old style videos.
But they, you know, kind of managed to make it a little more sleeker and, like, more or
less, you know, recreate some of that stuff.
I hear some songs get absolute total new video makeovers, but there really isn't any on which
ones or just yet.
That pretty much sums up 2DX.
What I'll probably do is I'll post on Orange Mountains a full song list that I did see
there because I have it on my video camcorder.
I think that pretty much sums up 2DX at the game for today, you know, like I said, a lot
of stuff I was able to try out with Jason just, you know, kind of, you know, because
he wasn't really there to, like, answer questions or anything.
Right.
Okay.
Well, I mean, that's pretty cool, though.
I guess maybe it might have been out there about the recording thing.
It was hidden.
Somebody in their chat room was saying it was kind of hidden on the Music of a New Year
It's actually hidden and it's listed right on there.
Is it? But I didn't know about that before.
Yeah, it says right on there, it's under game overview, it says...
What happened?
I guess that recording thing has been known. I didn't know that, though.
Yeah, so save your performances and play them back for your friends.
Somebody in chat said something about it, that it's actually on the Music in Every Direction site,
but okay, interesting, I totally missed that when I looked at the site there.
But that's cool about the song list, I did not know about M2-Step version 1.1.
It does say there's also internet rankings.
really interesting well we'll see well thank you for the inside scoop mail and
and we'll be looking forward to seeing the song list and videos and other
reactions over on orange large radio.com yeah sure it might even do I might
probably do a more extensive game right up on orange lounge as well awesome did
you see a lot of other cool things there did you see any of the live shows like
freeze pop or zonk um see live shows you mean like the as far as the bands or
or any demos.
The bands?
The bands?
Yeah, how were the bands?
Oh, bands, yeah, yeah, I actually got to see Zonta Friday night.
Awesome, how was it?
And, you know, it was pretty cool, I mean, it's like the first time I've seen the bands
since the lead singer actually had her kid a couple months ago.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, and they, I mean, they always put on a great show live, they're one of those acts
that, I mean, they may, I mean, they sound pretty decent, like when you listen to it
like on you know your headphones or both to see them live they actually have
they're great they have great showmanship great great I'm hoping that
maybe we can talk to him at some point because I want to ask him about love
this feeling and tittle-tattle and all that stuff so we'll see in the future
some point hopefully okay yeah I'll work on scoring I'll work on scoring an
interview because you know me and Dave you know we got it like that sounds good
well Mel thank you for calling in and giving us the scoop appreciate it stay
Stay tuned to orangehonestrader.com for more info.
Alright, no prob.
Peace out people and time to go listen and make some dinner on the meanwhile.
Alright.
Take care, buddy.
Alright.
Take it easy.
Bye-bye.
Alright.
A little difficulty there with the connection it sounds like there, but Mel, we can clearly
hear him.
He's having a hard time understanding us, I think, but we can clearly hear him talking
about BeatMania.
Didn't end up actually getting shown at game until today, but it does look like that they
They are going to call 2DX is the other mode in Beatmania.
And then we have M2 Step 1 and all that.
And actually, I don't know if he said 2DX was the other mode, or if he actually said
it was 2DX.
No, it's Beatmania 2DX, and it's also Beatmania.
It's on all their screens.
Damn, I was hoping for the other one.
Is it in the screenshot there?
No, it's in the screenshot.
OK, all right.
I wish, I wish.
That would have been great.
OK, but that's nice, though, that they call it at least 2DX and like a little bit of a
throwback to what's going on the Japanese side. The M-2 Step song is in it, and...
In My Eyes, Hitchhiker... Well, that's from these screencaps we see,
right? Yeah, these are probably the latest build though. These are ones that are on Music
in Every Direction. I Was The One, GMD, M-02 Step, Version 1.01... What a dumb name for
a song
shame what we are getting hammered on the skype line tonight we better have
been get to another call higher on orange launch radio
hey sky city where i think he was on your mind
you forgot to mention the
fuck me
i think i have a seriously
buckney is done who cares i don't care about the anymore
view is clearly three years ago okay
i wasn't
W don't don't call don't call back until you got to tell me that W's in it. No next. We're gonna have
H for Hondo
Wow, I was very
Excuse me. I wasn't major at one time. I know I know um
But no, I I understand that the fanboys would be very pissed if he didn't show up. So we do have to mention some V
Well other than that I had to make some correction
okay um you said that the 2d x13 distorted location test is going on right
now well actually it just finished right but it just finished yesterday oh yeah
I just I remember reading I think you and Chad or somebody had said something
that it had just finished but yeah it was going on so it just finished though
that's too bad anyway I'm you're gonna play the guitar Dora v2 songs uh yeah
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna play them next break some of them I'm gonna pick for
that you sent me with cool titles and do them next break well go with the you
know the vanilla ninja song first this is your favorite oh fuck yes I love
vanilla ninja what song do they put in and v2 by them metal queen who sounds
good okay alright yeah I'll definitely play that one what do you think about
all this BeatMania US news hmm you know I was you know I was a little
disappointed when I found out that it wasn't showed yesterday thanks to Rich
who was there yesterday yeah a little a little technical foul up
there but now we understand what's going on what do you think about the recording
mode I think that's kind of interesting yeah I'll think about that but I wasn't
surprised yeah seems like I guess I think I think it shows the Konami might
be kind of looking on what's going out there on the internet right now like
what are the fans of 2dx seem to really get into what do they want in the game
and maybe they kind of picked up on the whole like you know vj-army tracking
thing and maybe they thought it was something they could build into the game
don't know just a thought I don't know yeah so well Ziggy anything else you
want to share with us well nothing much else at the moment but uh yeah okay well
thank I appreciate the call as always we're gonna get to some other calls
because we're getting hammered tonight but have a good one okay buddy yeah all
right later later all right Ziggy reminding us that
Gita Dora v2 stuff is ready to go he sent us some songs from there so we're
to check that out during the next break because I'm excited to hear some of the stuff so we're
going to do that. Let's go to another call, lots and lots to pick from. Oh my gosh, I'm
just going to pick the one that was on the line first. Hi, you're on Orange Laundry
Radio. Hello. Hello. Hi, who is this? It's Nintendo Maniac 64. Hello Nintendo Maniac
64 what's on your mind buddy playing Mario Kart as we speak awesome still
playing are you are you able to find friends on there because every time I go
in to do a friends matchup my friends are never online I don't even bother
anymore I pretty much do rivals mode what right I haven't done rivals but I
I hear that Rivals is a good way to find people at your own skill level, so I need to do that
one more often, because otherwise I get my ass kicked almost every time.
So I need to get matched up against some seven-year-olds, so I can have a sense of accomplishment when
I actually, like, beat it.
But you know, I actually played Mario Kart DS this last week, I played with several other
people that have DS's, and we actually played the mode where you can broadcast the game,
you can download the game.
What I thought was kind of cool, and I haven't really seen this in a lot of DS games, is
that you can mix and match, people that have the game and people that don't have the game,
you can play multiplayer mode with people that do and don't have the game. And basically
anybody that doesn't have the game will be a Shy Guy, which isn't even a character that
you can unlock in the normal game. So I thought that was kind of weird because I hear the
Shy Guy actually has like just a perfectly balanced average car. So my friends are actually
doing very well with the Shy Guy cars, but everybody else who has the game will get to
pick from any character, and unfortunately when you're playing with anybody that doesn't
have the game, you can only pick from one battle track, and I think eight of the typical
race courses. You can do anything in the first Retro Cup and in the first Mario DS Cup. So,
it was interesting though, it's a good time. Yeah, Baby the Tiger is supposed to get like
a bit of a handicap for those people who don't have it, so they don't have as much practice.
I don't know.
Oh, that might be a good point is that they do the balance car
because those people don't have practice like the rest of us addicts do.
That's a good thought. Are you going to be online with Animal Crossing this week?
Uh...
I might pick up the game but maybe not this week.
I'm still kind of thinking about it
because I didn't really...
I'm not too much of an Animal Crossing fan but the online sounds really cool.
I'm excited about this. We'll see. I can understand, though. Animal Crossing is a very quirky sort of game, so I can see where
it might not be like you're jumping at the chance trying to get it, so okay.
Yeah. But the online... Yeah, I'm very curious to see how the online stuff is going to work, too, because we don't really know.
I mean, we hear how things are supposed to work, but we haven't really seen it in motion a whole lot except E3, which wasn't exactly
a tell-all type situation so we'll see
we'll see anything else you want to share with our listeners
yeah my L button on my DS is crapped out
that sucks can you do a warranty thing did you email Nintendo
unfortunately my DS just came out of warranty
ouch that is so typical
but what?
we got it on a credit card that will actually allow us to extend the warranty
for just like I don't know how long but apparently they can cover it
which is like really cool that's pretty awesome I'd never would have thought of
that and that's actually probably a good tip
especially this time of year for people that are listening
if your shit breaks especially like god damn my microphone
on if your stuff breaks ups a few if your stuff breaks
Don't just check with the manufacturer, check with your credit card company because there
may be some type of extension warranty or something else that might be available to
you.
Sorry to break your ears there.
I swear to God, this mic is so fire.
There might be something else available to you on your credit card warranty that goes
beyond the manufacturer.
There, finally.
check out good tip thank you for reminding us okay all right yeah I
pretty much just use the X button for items now that but see that's that's
tough with the finger and everything I can't do that I need my L button I love
my L button I yeah I mean at first I didn't think I'd be able to do it but
all I do is I just move my my thumb is still holding it down a I'm just like my
My nail actually hits the X button, not my actual finger.
So if I cut my nails, I probably wouldn't be able to hit X.
Well, a good incentive not to be biting those nails.
Don't bite them nails.
Yeah, except I just bit one of them.
All right.
All right.
Oh, I got other stuff.
Okay.
Last night, I went on a huge StepMania song downloading spree.
And what'd you find?
Anything good?
Um, yeah, um, I did find some, like, official DDR songs and stuff, like Butterfly, uh, Mr. Wonderful, things like those.
That shit's old! That shit is so old!
You know, I don't have any kind of Playstation and stuff, so I've never even played the songs, okay?
Well, that's, that's where the simulator stuff can be kind of fun, is that you can download the old shit you might have missed out on, alright.
Yeah, and I actually completely recreated Sandstorm on every difficulty.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's a lot of Raven.
Alright, well, Nintendo Maniac, we gotta let you go because we're gonna try and get at
least one more call before we go to break, but thank you for calling in, and good luck
with that L button.
Thanks.
Alright.
Take care.
By the way, I'm winning.
By the way, what?
I'm winning.
Good.
Well, kick some ass.
Kick some ass.
Kick some ass.
Kick some ass.
Have fun, buddy.
Yeah.
Later.
One more call, call, call, call.
Let's see.
How about this one?
Hi, everyone.
It's on the radio.
Hey, this is SSJ100 Matt here.
Hello, SSJ100 Matt here.
What's on your mind?
Actually, I got some minor news for myself.
I got special advanced press screenings to the movie Grandma's Boy.
Grandma's Boy? Oh, this is the Adam Sandler movie where he plays like a game tester or something, huh?
Did you actually see the movie?
Well, no, the advanced screening is for this Thursday.
Is that Adam Sandler? What's his name? I don't remember the guy's name.
Rob Schneider?
That's not Rob Schneider.
I thought it was Adam Sandler.
I know him.
No, it's Happy Madison.
Alan something.
Happy Madison is the one doing the production on it.
I don't remember who's the maker.
Well, some person.
So how did you manage to get this ticket?
Well, the television studio that I worked at was giving out, like, okay, we have 12 tickets, who wants them?
And I just jumped on top of two, so...
Well, that was easy. Those fell in your lap, didn't they? That must be nice.
Yeah. So, the premiere is Thursday, and they're going to make a big deal out of it,
deal out of and they're going to have uh...
e sports uh...
going to be uh...
uh... showing off games uh... before the screening
very cool i'm looking at some of these people who are in the movie i don't
recognize any of these people at all
hope there's robschneider isn't it and david spade and have a new and all this
is like an early nineties saturday night live thing going on here
yet on the old woman from uh...
doris roberts one of the most roman yam
OK, I'm trying to look at the poster here.
I love Internet Movie Database.
Answers all my movie questions.
And they didn't pay me to say that even.
I really do love this one.
Linda Cardellini.
Oh, they've got a lot of people in this movie.
OK, well, that should be interesting.
And supposedly Kevin Nealon's supposed to show up, so
hopefully I can give him my business card or something so
they can hire me for a movie or something. It's the Hollywood way, it'll be awesome.
What was I going to say about this movie? You'll call back and let us know if it's good
or not, right? Next week? Yeah, next week. Sounds good. Anything else you want to share
with our listeners, besides rubbing it in that you get to go to a movie premiere and
we don't? Well, the movie comes out January 6th, so...
That's not a good sign, because January is when the studios unload their crap.
Didn't Resident Evil 2 come out in January?
No, but a wonderful movie called BloodRayne is coming out in January.
Like I said, that's when the studios unload all their crap.
No, I don't know, it might be fun.
Just let us know if it makes gamers look like dumbasses or not, because I'm very interested
to see what happens with another gaming movie and all that stuff, so.
All right, but uh
Yeah, but yeah, that's it. Okay. Well, thanks for calling in have fun at the movie. Let us know how it goes. All righty
All right. All right. Later. All right. Bye
Yep, bye
Okay
Call there from SSJ 100 Matt who by the way is looking for a job in the industry
So if you know a rich producer
He wants a job so give him a job
We want a job too, actually. We could use a job. I would sell My Immortal Soul to do Orange Lounge on TV or something. That would be fun.
I don't know how to do it on TV. I like the radio.
The radio is fun, but the whole world needs to see my sexy butt is what it really boils down to.
Alright, anyway, just teasing kids. We're going to go to a break because we need a break. I need to get up and stretch and air out a little bit.
air out a little bit. So we're going to play some songs, as promised, from Gita Doda V
2. So we're going to hear Vanilla Ninja with Metal Queen, because that song sounds awesome.
We're going to hear a song by a group called Twinkle Berry, because it's called Twinkle
Berry. How can it be bad? It sounds too much like Dingle Berry. And then I'm curious, we're
going to hear a Tara song, and I'm really curious if model DD7 has anything to do with
the other model song that's been in it. Yes, it does. Good, then we'll hear it. There's
been like tons of them. Alright, well we'll see. So we'll be back after this with more
Orange launch radio and maybe some more skype if you kids are good.
I'm finding my friend a poison
To lose all the blood that I...
Oh...
Thank you in the light
Master Queen
She's gonna break us
Oh...
You're a mystic alive
Master Queen
I'll be the star
When I'm all up for the love of mine
Yeah
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You're a queen, you're a queen of love
Oh, you're a victory for life
That's my queen, I'm in the sky
We're all alone for the love of night
Naka te mo taruto nante Masani hato ito meduyo ne
Tato, tato, mai nuki tato, tato, tote mo ouiji tato
Tato, mai ban tato, tato, yame la rena ino tato
Matashi no tsukilamo no Shono iwa kare dake so
Taru to ni kuramte leba
Miro sugina no yoko de me
Tari daruto, daruto
Macho hono daruto, daruto
Atou ga kowai no daruto
Taru to mataritosu daruto
Taru to abaguite sudai daruto
Hanamo hachi nalu hoko
Beni mukate
Sae kim kun tota, dan te kare ga yu hu
Deli kashi no naiko no shi toko sode
Kiru sui ita no mota be nai no mota be ho
Watashi wa amato o yo
Yuto yo hi amato o ne te mo odome wa
We are all the same, all except for our own
Oh
The
Even if we stay hard
But do they ever tell me?
It's
For the next slide to Orange Lab, this GDR sucks!
all
We're back to Orange Lounge Radio and in that break we heard a
Whole Cluster Fucka music from Gitadora V2
and I understand that people are leaving
listening to our show to go watch other things on television like the Boondocks
or a Family Guy. TV addicts you need to get all of your butts.
You bitches need to get a TiVo or a BitTorrent.
Screw TiVo!
BitTorrent, yeah, BitTorrent is the way to go.
It's on before the show is even on.
It's on demand, is what it is.
You can literally, if you have news groups, I do this almost every week.
When I get done with the show, I go watch my episode of Family Guy.
There you go.
After the show!
That's how you do it.
So I'm just poking fun at people that dare ditch us.
TiVo is evil.
Because the government has access to it.
Oh no, the government knows I watch Will and Grace.
What am I going to do?
Tevo knows you're gay now.
The government might think I'm gay.
Although Will and Grace is, you know, it's so...
I don't know how to call it.
It's not really whitewashed.
It's black and whitewashed instead of rainbow.
It's black and whitewashed is what Will and Grace is.
It's grayscaled, basically.
Anyway, um, do-do-do-do-do-do-do, where were we going?
Uh, I'm driving this car, turning it around.
Oh yeah, uh, I was going to get to the cage match
pretty soon here, because I know we want to do a cage match. You have a song, right?
Because...
Well, of course I have a song, because I didn't win last week. I know, just making sure, because I hadn't seen it yet.
Just making sure you had a song somewhere. Alright, um,
I want to mention this really quick though, which I think, oh, two things I want to mention
real quick. Somebody brought it up in the chat room during break and I was talking about
Energies at the top of the show, or Energies, Energies drinks at the top of the show and
somebody in chat reminded us about the Final Fantasy Energies drink that's coming out called
Potion. Have you heard of this? I swear to God I'm not making this shit up. There's this
new Energies drink out, coming out called, wait, somebody give me a web link. I read
about this on the entire potion in tarnet high potion will be the one
that's like I don't know diet or something we'll see I want an ether I
want Phoenix down let's see there it is Final Fantasy 12 potion and this is what
it is it's a it's a food tie in there and we're looking at it there is this on
on Gamebrink.com is what it is here. It's some type of tie-in to Final Fantasy 12 here.
I wish I could zoom in on the product. It looks an awful lot like balls or Powerade,
but actually I like the play on it because it looks like it's actually like in a potion
or something. March 2006 is when this stuff goes on sale.
The drink supposedly makes you relax like herb tea and tastes mystical. It contains
nutritional supplements so that the company can claim the drinker might recover real-life
hit points. And if you drink this, you're a nerd. A really big nerd. Just kidding. What
can you do? Will I go up a level? Will I do the little dance? Will I throw my arms up?
Have you played the Final Fantasy 12 demo? I like the bottles. Wait, have you played
the Final Fantasy XII demo? No, and I'm not going to, because I played it... It's sexy.
It's different than the E3 one. It's way different. Not from what everybody in the universe else
has told me? Nope. They're lying. All of them. Okay. Alright. I like these bottles. They're
cool. I'll get it just for the bottles. What else did I want to mention? Oh, yes. Final
Fantasy. On the cell phones, you guys pretty soon are going to be able to play DDR. Why
you would want to play DDR on your cell phone is beyond me, but they are, they were showing
this supposedly at the Game Festival, and I completely forgot to ask Mel about this
because he was there, but he probably wasn't even looking for it because, my God, who gives
a shit about mobile gaming? I know I don't. But we actually ran a story about this on
orangelunchmedia.com. This part of it is kind of old news that you can buy the mobile ringtones
that feature DDR songs, but what may be kind of news to you is that they did show in the
games on the go area of the game festival
that there will be doing DDR on mobile phones
this is probably just a port of what we've seen happen in japan because i
believe they already have this in japan
uh... yeah a couple and they have like max three hundred
i've seen
oh you got a bigger picture
that looks interesting
okay sorry jamie was showing me the potions
so yeah what can i say it's DDR on the cell phone but funny enough the screenshot
i saw was max three hundred
And why you would want to play that on a cell phone, I have no idea, especially if there's
no dance pad hookup.
That's like an exercise in futility.
Even if there was a dance pad hookup, that would be stupid.
The only use I would see for this is if you are a freestyler who needs your steps on the
go.
Like if you're going to be in an upcoming tournament or something, you need to take
a quick look at those steps before you go up on stage, like one more time, run through
the routine in your mind, that's where DDR on the cell phone would be a good idea.
the rest of this crap
but whatever
I'll probably buy it anyway because I'm a consumer horror
honestly
Jamie's showing me the bigger pictures of potion
that looks very nice
looks pretty, pretty bottles
I would rather buy a lot of Final Fantasy potion than DDR on the cell phone
that's for sure
anywho
Let's do tonight's cage match, shall we?
It's where we put three songs in battle against each other to the death
and there are fatalities involved
and one song emerges as the victor.
And you guys in chat have the final say on which one of these songs is the winner.
The winning song, by the way, goes into rotation all week long.
All freaking week long on Orange Lawn Radio's
Bomani and Video Game Music program, which is awesome.
So let's get it started, shall we?
Sure.
Last week in the Orange Songs Radio Cage Match, an old friend band of Jamie's made it, a friendly
old band, a jolly old time.
Blur was the band, and the song was called Crazy Beat.
Is it crazy enough to win for a second week in a row?
I don't know, we'll see.
So we're going to play a clip for you guys so you can judge if you like this or not and
want it to win for the second week in a row.
So here it is, song one, it's a nice Cage Match Blur with Crazy Beat.
Enjoy.
I like my brothers on Saturday night, yeah
Yeah!
Breakdown!
I'm on my own about to turn a little crazy again
I'm dying here for a money I spent
I love my sister and I love her tonight
That's withstandation and it can't be President
Break-up in me
Song numero uno in tonight's cage match, blur with crazy beats.
You only get a clip of that though because if you wanted to hear the whole thing you
should have been listening last week, honestly, kids.
Alright, song number two in tonight's cage match comes to us via the Loki.
Loki, what did you pick for us tonight, sir?
I picked something from Alien 3.16, which is interesting.
See, they should have been Alien 3.14, because then they should have been Alien Pie.
I'm lame. Shut up.
Anyways, yeah, so this is a song from Alien 3.16, which you might remember from UltraMix 1 with C Square, or wait, UltraMix 2. I take that back.
By the way, it's Alien 613.
613, whatever, 313, whatever, who gives a crap?
Alien and some number...
Anyways, this is the song All For Nothing.
Alright.
Alien number 613 was all for nothing. Enjoy song number two.
Money
Cars
Breathing
Cellular phones
My
You
My
You
My
You
My
Love
My
Breathe
My
My
You
My
Fucking hell with you
Yeah, I do what it be Yeah, I do what it be
You and I, you and I, you and I, you and I.
The song numero dos in tonight's cage match, Alien number 613 with All For Nothing, not
to be confused with the Cher song All or Nothing, two very, very different songs I would just
like to point out.
Dark Sakura, was that a number 10 or a number 2?
It was more like a number 5.
Okay.
loki What did you think of all or nothing?
Six? I don't know, whatever. I really had nothing this week that I hadn't already picked.
You know, I thought that song was pretty good for me to poop on.
No, I give it a four.
Alright, let's move on to song number three. Song number three tonight is my pick.
And I also picked a former Romani artist because I like this song. It's pretty.
It's actually a song that she actually released in the U.S.
It's Tess, and the song is called The Second You Sleep, I Stay To Watch You Fade Away.
And, um, Tess of course did Justify My Love and all that stuff for DDR.
So here it is, Tess, here on Orange Lounge Radio, song number three.
You close your eyes, and leave me naked by your side.
You close the door so I can see The love you keep inside
The love you keep for me
It fills me up It feels like living in a dream
It fills me up so I can see The love you keep inside
Love you keep on me
I say to watch you fade away I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone It gives me time to say
To watch you fade away I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
I wish my God would stay
I'll stay awake
I'll stay awake and watch you breathe
I'll stay awake and watch you come
Away into the night, I'll get through your dreams
I'll say to watch you fade away, I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
It gives me time to say
To watch you fade away
I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
I wish my God would stay
Hey
I stay to watch you fade away
I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
It gives me time to stay
To watch you fade away
I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
I wish by God you'd stay
To watch you fade away
I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
I wish by god you'd say
was not as annoying as the usual one, so it gives a 7.
Alright, let us recap shall we, the three songs you can vote for tonight in tonight's
cage match.
You can either vote for last week's winner, song number one, Blur with Crazy Beat, or
Or you can vote for song number 2, Alien number 613 with All For Nothing.
And song number 3 you can vote for tonight is The Second You Sleep by Stay To Watch You
fade away by Tess.
Please vote now. Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote
for song numero uno dos or tres.
And we will see which song emerges victorious.
New Orleans Radio Cage. This is the part of the show where I go over to Loki and I say hey
Hey, Loki. You know that sim scene that's out there where people are like playing Beat
Mania on their PSPs and shit? What is going on in the sim scene? Because I could care
less, but I know our listeners want to know. So, Loki, what's up?
Just more stuff with DDR OSC4. They're now in their In the Groove division, and they
have the results for the keyboard division of sim files out there. I don't know what
the difference would be with In the Groove sim files. I guess that's not quite impossible,
but pretty impossible. I don't know. But anyways, if anyone cares, I will go into the results
here of who won the keyboard section, which I don't even really, I haven't checked out
any of the entries, so God knows. Oh, and it doesn't exist. Okay, anyways, in other...
That's one of those Bemani style bug things, like you can't log in on the forums or it
poops out. It's weird. Anyways, who cares? Someone won. I have a secret account on Bemani
I'm not actually Sky because somehow I got locked out of that account, like I can't get in it or access it all, so I have a secret name.
Secret!
Anyways, on top of that, the other thing was all these sim files for Ultramix 3 have been released.
All of them.
Oh good! That means all the MP3s are out there so people can stop whining for them.
Yes, they are. I have them.
But no, they're up there. You can find them at BomaniISO.com. I think that's what it was. Whatever that Bittorrent tracker was, it has all the stuff that people steal and stuff.
Yay. I don't know. That's all that's going on, really. Dead.
Alright. Well, it's Christmas. You know, everybody's taking a break from the sim scene because, you know, they're bored.
their board. What? However, we do have to, in a typical fashion, it is time to see how
many really bad Max remixes have been released this week, by myself. Anyways, this is starting
off. And of course, if you guys were looking for those 2DX distorted clips, you can actually
find them in their media shop. They have four different videos on there, so you can check
those out. But, if you really want to check out what everybody is looking for, and that's
really horrible Max remixes, you can also check those out in their Simphile form there.
And let's see, for this week, looks like it's been a pretty light week actually. We've got
MaxMax, MaxStink, Max340, MaxWizard, MaxAttack.
Twice.
MaxMyButt.
Yeah.
That would be it.
And Paranoia FartMix.
Not yet.
I didn't check and see who my Paranoia remixes are.
I'm still waiting for the Safari Transmix.
Keep waiting.
So get your safari transmix before I'll get my xbox 360.
And there it is.
I'd fill time but I'm tallying cage match votes so it's up to you guys for right now.
And of course, you know, to cover the wonderful Paranoia remixes we have Paranoia Survivor
Another, Paranoia Trick Master Edit, Paranoia Survivor Max 580, Paranoia Sky, Paranoia Agent
agent theme. That one I'm kind of interested in, let's see what that is.
Paranoia Eternal Frees. Paranoia Zombie, or, Ortelda Paranoia. Yeah. Nice. I don't know,
it's lame. I want Max the Final, and then I want Konami to threaten to sue anyone who
puts out another Max remix, and so people can't do it anymore. Because I just, I'm sick
max remixes. I really am. It's Maximizer now. Don't you know? Whatever. Fuck Maximizer.
Maximizer wasn't even a freaking Max remix at all. Fuck Maximizer. Fuck Joni and Spesh.
Max Super Max. Insaner. Max my ass. Whatever that is. Fuck Max. Fuck Legend of Max. Seriously.
They should call, they should make one called Extremer. What was the middle one? I don't
even remember what the real ones are called anymore. There was Max 300. Max Unlimited.
unlimited should've been where it stopped. That should've been the last one.
Now, The Legend of Max was a good place to stop it, because that was cool. It was kind
of a song to wrap it up.
Fine.
And Paranoia, like, Paranoia, Respect, that was a good one to end it on also.
Oh, fine. Then that should be it.
Then it should be done.
Done.
And same with B4U. B4U was a good point to stop, you know, those remakes as well.
And what the fuck was that Max song that was in the Max Heart Attack one in the extreme
Japan?
period. That was bullshit. That was absolute bullshit. Max period makes me on my period.
Alright. Anyway. We are going to go to a small break, and when we come back from this small
break, we might do some more Skype calls if you're good. Otherwise, we're going to do
FUs of the week so we'll see what kind of mood we're in when we come back from
this but we will do both at some point so don't get your panties in a bunch in
this break in celebration of angels new necklace we're going to do a couple LED
songs so we'll start it off with a little love is dreaminess and we'll be
back after this with more Orange Lounge.
Let's break it up with a little bit of my love and hate to fight
Come on and fight baby, it's my life
This is the end of the video, thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next one.
Thanks for watching!
Song's in the description for rainforest music.
So I come into the world with dreams of old
Digging into the place with new old dreams
Open the door to true love
Go ahead and believe in the truth
Even more
Gaming Radio, so uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, Mooch, uh, Moochawky?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Tax Cunts.
He cracks me up every time. See, it sounds like he says Tax Cunts, get it?
It does, it totally does.
he does welcome back to orange on radio boys and girls LED in that break just
nothing but LED love his dreaminess nebula grasp or something wonderful
photogenic all in that break and being a comedic genius in the chat room I I saw
the the there's a to drink minimum suddenly in our chat room the comic
stylings of dark Sakura going on in our chat room right now but in fact I don't
don't know I I joined in a game here somebody just asked oh I'm not even
gonna try to pronounce this name I'm totally gonna butcher this. Milfululie
Milfululie I probably fucked that up says what's black and white and red all
over and everybody you know is putting their own answers I put a zebra that I
just shot Rini said a nun in a blender or a sunburnt penguin so everybody's a
p0k3smot42o
I guess I might as well acknowledge the fact that the one and only Lankystyle is sitting in the room with us right now. How you doing, Mr. Lankystyle?
Why'd you do that?
Why?
Now this show's just taking a big turn for the worse.
Oh, this show took a turn for the worse two and a half years ago.
Um, what, what, um, what's I, that's when Loki joined.
Um, what, what kind of games you been playing this week, my friend?
Oh.
Bring us back to talking about video games for a little bit.
long time to be sitting with a game, seriously. Even though it's only like probably... I'm
probably like not even... I'm having to scratch the surface of that game. I know I haven't.
And that's fine. At least I'm getting my money's worth. But I know that I will probably completely
ignore Dragon Quest this week when Animal Crossing comes out. That's true. Animal Crossing.
That is looking pretty good. I mean, I haven't been doing a lot of reading on the features,
but I mean... Who gives a shit? I know it has the online... Who gives a shit? It's online,
it's Animal Crossing and I get a bug net. But I'm wondering if it's going to be fresh
enough to keep me into it longer than I was the original.
Everybody else stays on the phone. Internet, meep, meep.
That's true. You know, that would be great. I think in
Animal Crossing there should be a day called I kill everyone day and I go and I shoot the
people I don't like in the village and then cook them for dinner.
That was like the greatest Animal Crossing day ever.
You get the like, come here Olivia, razor-wired bug net.
You get to hit them over the head with.
It's battle royale day on Animal Crossing.
I told my foo-poo joke.
What's this, dare I ask?
Okay, I'll repeat it.
How dare you interrupt my Animal Crossing rant, by the way.
You will be in the Animal Battle Royale final decision.
My Animal Crossing has been pre-ordered already.
Alright.
Alright.
What's the joke?
Okay.
I'm going to have to retell it.
These explorers, there's a legend of a bird called the Fupu Bird.
I've told you this one before.
I think so.
Anyway, the legend is that anyone who goes after the Fupu Bird disappears.
So three explorers decide they're going to find it.
One goes one way and two go off the other way.
And so the one who is by himself, he hears this, and then he finds he's got poo on his
head.
So he wipes it off.
And he vanishes.
So the other two are together, and all of a sudden they hear, and one of them looks
up in time to get shot on in the face.
So he wipes it off.
That's no fun.
And he disappears.
And the other one is like, oh no, and he starts running off because he saw how it happened.
And so right before he gets to the end of the jungle, and he's got poo on his head.
He's like, well crap, I know if I wipe this off I'm going to disappear.
So he goes home with shit on his head. And he goes home to his wife and she goes,
why do you have crap on your head? He's like, because if you wipe off the poo-poo of the
foo-poo bird, then you'll disappear.
Okay, well, we'll live with it. So they go to bed. But the stink is so bad that she has to wipe it off
of his head.
So when she does, it disappears. So you know what the moral of the story is?
What? If the two shits wear it.
Please don't quit your day job. I wish I could.
Oh my god, that was so bad!
It was so bad! So very bad! It was bad, bad, bad!
Wow, that brings me back to World 4S Forward.
And that makes me want to go watch, that makes me want to go watch Deuce Bigelow European
Gigolo just so I can hear something funny, maybe.
Now that the show has been ruined, thank you.
You laughed.
Get the fooshits, Jesus Christ.
Alright, um, that is definitely an opportunity for us to go into the F.U.
Zooey.
Hey, I told the one-eyed-whore joke too.
The one-eyed-whore joke?
You know what, I'm not even going to ask.
I'm simply going to go to the FUs of the week, and Jamie, why is it that we do these FUs of the week every single week?
YEAH DAH!
The first FU of the week goes to Rob for not finding my joke hilarious, which it was and
you know it.
The second FU of the week goes toward certain aspects of my employment, which I am not at
liberty to discuss.
The other aspect goes toward me for not having the money that I want to have right now.
And traffic. I hate traffic in this area.
And also a humongous SU goes to superficiality.
And that's it.
One more.
Yeah, I was going to say that was short.
And having the plague. Because I feel it coming up on me again.
Oh god.
Alright, uh, let's go over to Loki!
Okay.
Anyways, um, let's start off my FUs of the week.
Um, I'm actually kind of, this is not anything that has to do with me.
My sister's house was actually broken into by some guy in broad daylight.
Now this is how retarded this guy is, and this is kind of funny.
The guy was breaking into the house in broad daylight.
like. People observed him breaking into the house. First he tried the garage door and
couldn't pry it open with his crowbar. Tried the front door, couldn't pry it open with
his crowbar. Tried kicking in the front door, still couldn't get it. Tried the side door,
couldn't get that. Finally he tried breaking the bedroom window, got in through there and
stole some costume jewelry, and then left. Thereby netting absolutely nothing. So, fuck
you stupid, retarded people. Not only that, he stopped traffic as he was running across
the street to escape, you know, being caught even though he was already seen, but he did
get away because the cops took an hour to respond. Thank you, Carmichael PD. Anyways,
fucking to Microsoft for fucking up both, not only the US launch of the 360, but now the UK launch, and I know you're going to go for three with the Japanese launch, but too bad the Japanese don't give a shit about your system because all the wonderful games are coming out for it, like the wonderful RPGs and DOA4 and stuff.
Oh yeah, those aren't coming out launched because they're delayed now, thank you very much.
much. But hey, they can play Madden because Madden rocks, I guess. Also, fuck you to GameStop
for not getting anymore shipments in of the 360. I know it's not their fault, but still
though, they said I was halfway down the list. They lied to me. I was actually towards the
bottom of the list, so fuck them for not knowing what halfway means. And also, fuck you to
stupid people driving your cars because you can't
and women do not need to be driving SUVs because they're obviously too big for them to handle
wow
yeah fuck them
stupid useless vehicles
they could uh...
save that japanese uh...
xbox 360 launch if they would just make a arnold swartzenegger game
love Arnold Schwarzenegger in Japan. Go play my game! Do it now! Goveneta! Okay. All right,
I'm done. Okay, I guess that means it's now my turn. Um, I would say an F you just to
the fact that I've just been feeling like shit all week and I've just been doing some
crazy things and the fact that I've just had lack of sleep and just been overall just feeling
rather blah and I don't know. Eff you to the fact that I'm just an angsty person and just
eff you to the fact that it's Christmas time and this time of year always sucks. It just
does. I hope Santa, I better not say that because the FBI will come after me. I hope
I hope Santa brings me a bomb for Christmas so I can blow some people up.
But I'm not really meaning that. I don't mean that.
Now you do have the turban for that.
That is horrible. That is horrible.
Alright.
Not really. I hope it's a bomb full of confetti.
So I can show you my love.
Full of wonderful radioactive confetti.
I'm on some list now.
I can always do what the major retailers are doing, that's just crash a float into somebody.
Yeah, that sounds like fun.
I want somebody to build me a spongebob bomb of air. Hot air. That'd be fun.
I think there's already enough hot air in the government.
Alright, let's go to Brad. I'm sure Brad has some FUs that he wants to get out of his system.
Sure, why not? What do you call a deer with no eyes? No-eye deer.
What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no idea.
There's my refuse of the week.
Well, if we were going with corny jokes for the night, then I figured it out.
You are fucking lame.
Uh, Angel, don't run away. What's your refuse of the week?
Um, yeah.
A few people that didn't say happy birthday, but you guys did, so you guys love me. Yay!
Yay!
namagem1 I don't know, what else?
namagem1 Oh yeah, it's been hella cold, what the hell?
namagem1 I can't really say that though
namagem1 because people in other areas of the United States are colder, so whatever
namagem1 But I've been cold, so you know what, yeah, whatever
namagem1 Uh, who didn't go? Anyone?
namagem1 Okay, I'm just talking to myself. Bye
namagem1 Okay, um, Rise Princess, do you have anything you want to get out of your system?
F.U. to early morning shifts during the holidays and an F.U. to people I work with for they
are SO STUPID and they supposed to be salesmen for the love of mike
sakurina says F.U. to konami of hawaii you whores for removing the fuck from guideca
How dare you? It sounds like shit now that you shitheads get the fuck out of my life.
F you to lame puns since that's all I do.
And yeah, F you to my mom for switching from OSX to Windows. What the fuck is wrong with you?
And F you to Loki for saying women can't drive SUVs.
Truth hurts, right?
Blow walk.
Not as much as a woman hitting you with her SUV.
sent me something over private messages that was not a nephew.
Tomokun says your website says that Mario Mix is discontinued, but according to this
article from Joystiq, the game was not discontinued, it is just selling out.
If you read the article that I posted on the site, you would see that I said the exact
same thing.
But they are saying that it's coming back in March.
Yes, well that means it's discontinued until March.
Duh.
crochet. Tomoku would also like to say, fuck Xbox 360. Well said. NintendoManiac64 says,
F you to my DS's L button. I can't play some of my GBA games on my DS efficiently now.
F you to Mario Kart DS disconnectors that disconnect at the end of races. F you to my
parents that don't really trust ordering things online at all. Now how else am I supposed
to use this Playstation DDR pad when I don't even have a PS2? Besides, StepMania isn't
game to play 2DX. Dark Tetsuya says, one last F.U. to AOL. Can't say I'll miss any of the
following. The random disconnects, the out of memory errors, and the constant lockups.
Uh, yes? I have actually one more. Okay. An F.U. to Xbox 360 for freezing. You know they
say only 3% of Xbox 360s are supposed to be doing that. You're lucky. You're a liar. You're
a winner motion is that who says f you to getting up this morning to go to the
supermarket only to leave without buying something f you to final starting this
week and f you to having to hold off by my new hard drive so after the holidays
because of my tight financial situation
illusion says f you to the holiday season bah humbug the only good thing
that can come out of Christmas is mystery science 3 theater 3000 DVD sets
F you to jolly tidings, pow right in the kisser.
Roz says F you to my city for installing some newfangled traffic thing right before Christmas
at the mall entrance.
People are like lalala pulling in, oh shit there's only one lane now.
Also F you to the Java IRC chat because it made me late getting to the chat.
Neodude says F you to Nintendo Wi-Fi connection because I can't connect to a WPA protected
network with a DS.
I have to buy the USB connector for $35.
Big Power says, F you to the yearly December break
that many TV shows go on with.
They have a long break with no new episodes.
I want my Lost and Prison break.
Oh, and Watch 24 when it comes back on.
Goggle says, F the whole college application process.
And F back payment.
GS191 says, F you to my workplace for playing that
damn rent song over and over and over again last week. At least they were playing Daft
Punk's Technologic. Now we're playing sucky Christmas music now with crappy pop remixes.
A late F you to Black Friday and stupid customers ask me where are the iPods, GPS, random shit
when I'm in the fucking printer isle. Do you see any fucking iPods here? Look at the fucking
map we gave you. Zander C says F you to Jamie's lame jokes. You need to try to slap him. You
And lastly, Spiritsnare would like to say an F you to Xbox 360.
F you to RENT because it has some of the most addicting songs I've ever heard on their soundtrack.
F you to the Final Fantasy Potions because they probably will never make it over here, except at anime conventions.
Also an F you to N-
At $30 and not $20, even though they're not decent ports.
Damn, you bitches are angsty tonight, that's all I have to say.
wow wow wow wow the chat room is turned into bra chat oh really and what kind of
things have we learned about bras apparently underwear keeps you from
being droopy like grandma when you're old I you know I I'm glad that my
underwear does not have metal wires in it because that might be painful worst
invention ever you know and I bet I do recall from you know I used I used to
hate girls and sometimes we'd get you know we get shut up why is everybody
You know, we used to get a little freaky, and I used to go shopping with a girl and
your girlfriends doesn't mean you're dating them.
No, no, no.
I actually, I used to take girls' bras off, and I remember it was a pain in the ass to
do.
Like, it's...
You need to...
That was the sign right there.
Seriously!
That's how I knew I was gay.
I was like, fuck this bra shit, I'm just gonna suck dick.
That's easy.
It's not that hard.
That's easy.
It's not that hard.
way she figured out. It's not that hard when she figured out. Seriously. I know. I just,
you know. You get to the point where you can just look at a broad and it pops off. Look,
I give up easy. I give up easy, okay? I'm a quitter. I just, I take the lazy way out.
Alright. What? What's so damn funny? Rob is more interested in putting him on than taking
him off. No way. Take that both ways if you want. No, that is the gay stereotype I do
not do, okay? Every gay...no, no, no. Every gay person I know fits into some gay stereotype.
There's some gay stereotype. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Even Shane. What? What was that one
time at the other apartment when I came back from the pool and there was people wearing
bras with, like, water balloon or condom, like, breasts? Not me. Not me. That was my
surprise birthday party there was a dress involved that I didn't I didn't
wear a bra it was a bitch and ho party and it was that was the whole theme it
was I I'm just hoping you wasn't getting like hot and bothered off of it that's
all no you weren't wearing a bra no I wasn't no no I was the pimp of the party
everybody else was a bitch and ho I see what I can't understand how you can like
teach, you know, PPOs and HMOs and all that complicated crap, but you can't unhook three
little hooks from a bra. No, like seriously? The girls I used to date would have like the
20-hook bras. It was horrible. It was like... The 20-hook bras. Yes. But were they grandmas
or something? I guess. You liked older women? I don't know. Mating gorillas? No! I was dating
very nice women that had bras with 20-hooks on them. I don't know, in some respects, that
might not be a bad thing since that involves, you know, Damon Alberd. Oh, stop it. So,
20 hooks, so what are they, monkey people or something?
No, they just, it was a complicated bra.
I would like you to make my, my wonderful friend...
They need to make bra, you know what, why don't they make, here's a novel concept.
Why don't they make what? No, no, let me finish.
Why don't they make a bra out of Velcro? Wouldn't that be easy?
Just rip, and there we go!
Because Velcro doesn't hold for shit?
No, didn't...
You know what? I know some girls on the itty bitty titty committee who they would work just fine for.
But that's the whole point, like...
Sorry, the fact that you wouldn't mind pulling a bra off of an itty bitty titty committee applicant shows that you're gay, but whatever.
I completely forgot what I was going to say. Oh, I know. Well, you shouldn't have dated
girls who were girdles. They weren't girdles. They were just, they were bras. If there's
20 hooks, it'd have to be a girdle. I don't know. Maybe, maybe in my mind, maybe they
weren't really 20 hooks, but in my mind, like, I've gone back, yeah, I'm like having nightmares
of the bras and like they're like like I remember looking at the back and it's
like don't you dare touch me what Rob has bra phobia I do he has those dreams
where it's really abstract he looks at it and it just like it the hooks go down
towards the horizon they're just never-ending just bra strap that's like
my hell. It's like, here, do you want to get into the gates of heaven? Just unhook the
door that's very similar to a bra. Oh, it's going to be my hell, where I have to spend
my eternity trying to figure out how to open up the goddamn door to heaven because they
have it like a bra. First they make you straight, so that you want to get through the bra anyway,
and then, yeah, and you can't. There you go. And then you have sex with women, and oh man,
that's crazy hell. Yeah, he's going to have sex, then he's about to have sex with a woman
becomes gay. And, again. Yeah, anyway, I don't like all this talk about me and my
bra thing. I'm just writing my movie, that's all. Your movie? What's your movie?
Do you want to plug your movie? The Life of Rob. That's what people do on
shows, is they plug things. So you have a movie coming out you want to put on? No, you don't?
Not yet. Okay. Are you writing one? Maybe someday. Do you want to pitch one? No. We have important
people listen to this program
mother
uh...
uh...
sorry
there was something that listeners couldn't be but whatever that radio
was funny
the times
and of course now our chat room just suddenly
fills up with all this chap rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob
but rob rob rob rob rob rob rob
but we were talking about bras before we got on the verbal topic i don't
Okay, anyways. What? Oh, yes. Low-key. Something related to video gaming.
No, I didn't have anything. I was just gonna... I was just gonna say...
Very rare bear.
Love the inside joke. I need a break.
At least it's not cake pie. We're gonna do a break, and then we're gonna come back...
We're gonna come back, and we're gonna do some Skype.
Skype atcha, comin' atcha.
And then, um,
Ask Orange Lounge, because we know you want to ask us some questions, and
therefore,
We want to give you some answers.
Does that sound like a plan?
Sounds like a plan. I hope so.
We'll be back after this. We're going to start off
this break with the
the new Naoki song.
Brilliant R.E.D.
as opposed to Brilliant
Purple or something else.
or brilliant, brilliant B.R.A.
I knew the first time I saw you out on the floor
Yes, that you were so much more
It's just the way that you move your body with mine
Feels like we had no concept of time
It's just the way that you do, that's what we do
I wanna show you how much we can lose
This is the night made for just you and I
This is the night, won't you take me inside
This is the night, now look into my eye
I want you, I need you, to make it alright
This is the night like the last of our lives
This is the night when you Jersey
This is the night made for just you and I
I want you, I need you to hold on tight
Why?
Leave me alone, so tell me why
Everyone needs to carry on
Leave me alone if I'm not right
And why?
Leave me alone so many days
You're thinking of you so many times
Leave me alone if I'm not right
Don't tell me why
Don't tell me why
Hooray!
Hooray!
Hooray!
Death inside, candlelight, my despair in gloom I'm just no pretty scene, I'm considered a truth
So far, it's dark, can't you feel my pain? People are all the same, they actually make my way
Cast a ghost right to the center of my heart
I am frozen from the sky
I am garbage, I am jail
I am scary, I am sane
I'm a loner, I am cold
I feel safe to when people don't know
I am nothing, I am dead
I am scary, I am insane
I am loner, I am cold
No, I didn't think that we were gonna fall
Oh, there I am. Next time, remember to unmute the mics.
Skype line is open, boys and girls. If you want to give us a call, we're going to give
you a few minutes to get in on Skype. Also, we're going to be doing some Ask Orange Lounge.
So if you're not so much feeling the Skype thing, you want to ask us some questions,
we are taking submissions in chat right now for Ask Orange Lounge. We don't have a lot
of time for Ask Orange Lounge, but we want to at least get a couple questions answered
because, you know, with it being the holiday season, perhaps there's some things you want
to know about Christmas. Now, Jamie is showing off all these cool toys she has, which makes
me insanely jealous. Can I play with this one? What is this? Tell the listeners what
I'm playing with. Um, someone left it in Dan's store, so he gave it to me. It's an R2D2 that
shows the picture of Princess Leia. That is so cool. Like, when I push it, like, I show
it on the wall. It's Princess Leia, with a bun. That is so badass. And then I have lots
of drugs. I don't want one. And I have, like, the most awesome keychain, uh, uh, cell phone
strap. What is that now, on the cell phone strap? I have prints. From Katamari Damashi.
No, no, no, no, no, no. Now you just need the ringtones, and then you'd be a total addict
there. Oh, I can get those, or midis. Alright. Let's go to a call, huh? You're on Orange
Lounge Radio, who dis? It's the one and only Ron Chan, what's up fellas? Hello Ron Chan,
how are you? I'm doing good, I'm doing good. I ju- I just wanna point out, though, Dark
Dark Sakura is not a fella.
I know, I know.
I have that effect on women.
I'm sorry.
That's alright.
I've seen you hanging with the ladies, Ronja.
Not really.
Just a couple.
But, no.
I don't know where I'm going with that.
Anyway.
I don't think it would be possible to mistake me for a dude since I have humongous boobs.
Does your bra have twenty hooks on it?
No, Rob.
Just three.
Okay.
What about Velcro?
What do you think?
Never mind.
Forget it.
What's on your mind?
Uh, not much. I'm still addicted to Mario Kart DS.
It is a fun game. Do you actually find friends online to play against? Because I never do, unless I set it up on Instant Messenger.
That's the only way. If I'm in a chat room with a bunch of us, that's how we do it. And even half the time, we can't even race each other.
Wow. Oh, because you don't find each other on the game or something, or what?
We don't find each other. There's like, one time there was like five of us, we were going to try to get at least four of us in a race, it turned out to be me and two people. Or me and one person.
That's weird. So it didn't, it can't find your friends or something? Maybe the lag was too great or something.
What lag? I mean, I do this at work and the router's like six feet behind me.
I don't know what to tell you, buddy. I'm sorry.
I'm not too worried about it, but I can say this with my DS. I found I found plenty of
Wireless networks around my neighborhood
Yeah, I found one up. I was at um the rice princess and lanky styles apartment not that long ago, and I tapped into a
Wireless network near them and that made me feel like elite hacker. It was cool. I was stealing bandwidth. I could go to jail
Hey, I call it sharing the wealth are you gonna be getting animal crossing?
Maybe in a couple of weeks.
Alright.
Well, when you get it, you, me, bike racks, three o'clock, bring your bug net, it's on.
Bring it.
Bring it.
It's already been brought in, my friend.
Alright.
Oh, yeah.
One thing from last week, you were talking about Casticon.
Yes.
I went to Casticon and we got snowed in for two days.
If I get snowed in at this crazy convention in D.C., which I will be going to, it sounds
I have the time approved off work. All I have to do is get a plane ticket, which are very affordable right now
So I'm gonna be booking that sometime this week. I just need to discuss travel arrangements with you my friend
Sure, no problem. If I get snowed in I'm gonna cry. I am from California. I've lived in California my entire life. I don't do snow
Do you know this? I have never this might this is gonna be a crazy concept some of you people I have never seen snow
falling from the sky in person. Never. I haven't. That was in Alabama. Never. I've never seen
snow falling from the sky. That was like way down south in Alabama. That was in Mobile.
I've seen snow once it's already on the ground. It's not that hard to drive up to Reno and
see some snow here where we live. But I've never seen snow fall from the sky. Every time
it's happened in Sacramento, like the two times it's ever happened since I've been alive,
I was either asleep or the one other time it ever happened I was doing an internet radio
show, believe it or not, at the old college station. Crazy, huh?
We're gonna have to get a wee hair last night. Alright, well, it better not snow, cause I
don't know what to do. I will cry like a little girl.
No, what'll happen is they'll shut down the airport and get out a day later.
Oh my god, I will poop myself if that happens. I don't know how to deal with that. I don't
do flight delays. Alright.
That happened to a bunch of West Coast that came at Castle Con 9 two years ago.
Stop scaring me!
Alright, we gotta go. We gotta take more calls.
You beat it, bro! Not that bad.
We gotta take more calls. And you're, you're freaking me out. I'm gonna have nightmares tonight about snow.
Alright. Take care, my friend.
There, bye.
Bye.
Alright, and everybody in the chatroom going,
Sky, you big baby! Sky, you're a baby! You need to stop being such a baby about snow!
Come to Colorado! Come to New York! Come here! Watch the snow!
No thank you, I live in California for real.
I have to just go to Reno.
I know.
All right.
Yeah, we're about ready to go to lightning round pretty soon here, but no, we'll get
one at least.
Oh, I was just about to pick up that call and dude hung up.
I was just about to click the little thing.
Oh, there he is.
He's back now.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Hello.
Bienvenidos, Orange Lounge Radio.
What's on your mind?
What is on your mind, my friend?
Um...
Dang.
First off, who the hell is this?
Who is this?
Santa from Florida.
Oh, hi Santa from Florida. What's on your mind?
Um...
I don't know if this is what I should do, but I wanted to bring up the
Nintendo Revolution not supporting
HDTV thingy real quick.
Uh, sure. What's up?
Well...
Um...
reason they're doing it is well for one reason because they're using standard
DVDs I think it's not really smart to be doing HD because I mean you're seeing
with the Xbox 360 with them oblivion or yeah oblivion it's like gonna take up
four discs or something like that that's one thing another thing is the cost I
mean it's just gonna be ridiculous cost to small developers to try to put HD in
I somewhat agree with you. I also think the reason why they're not doing it is because Loki has me convinced that the revolution is the fact that there is going to be stereoscopic 3D.
And they just don't want to do that for HDTV. That would cost too much.
I heard you say that too. I don't know if they're going to do that. I think they cost too much.
I don't know.
I don't think it would fit in their $200 price range thingy.
If they have a good development kit, all you need is some 3D World Runner all over again,
Rad Racer.
Can somebody explain to me what the fuck the point was of 3D and Rad Racer?
It did like nothing for that game.
3D and Rad Racer did nothing.
It was so rad.
It was... shut up.
You know what?
You bring up some good points.
And I, owning an HDTV, it makes me sad that Nintendo is not supporting it.
Remember, if they're doing it for cost reasons, and if they're doing it for these other reasons
that they plan to do more crazy shit with their system, I'm okay with it.
But remember the golden rule, a system is only as good as games.
Wow, we've got the whole event saying that now.
Well, here's the other thing also, is, you know, just because they say they're not supporting
HD does not mean that the, it just means they're not supporting the formats of HD, you know,
the aspect ratios and stuff.
So it could be something completely different also.
Maybe they'll still support progressive scan and widescreen. That would be okay. Maybe
they'll support 480, what would that be, 480p. That's okay. There's some pretty good looking
games at 480p. If it, maybe you're right. Maybe the fact that they're not doing HDTV
means they're not going to support 1080p or something. That's okay. As long as my games
can have some widescreen in it and some progressive, dammit, some progressive scan, some widescreen,
that would be kind of cool. But I'm not going to hold my breath with Nintendo here.
there.
Yeah.
Well, they're supposed to announce more, um, did you hear the, uh, that they have another
big secret, apparently?
Well, yeah.
Yeah, that it's stereoscopic 3D.
No, they're saying, they're saying, uh, there's, Miyamoto did another speech.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I heard, I read some more than Miyamoto did another speech.
Yeah, just to add to your argument, somebody posted this on LJ and I saw this, Miyamoto
did another speech and said there's a, there's another secret coming that you kids don't
know about, so just you wait for it. Everyone thinks it's about the controller because he
was talking about the controller at the time, but I don't think it is. I think it's still
the stereoscopic 3D thing. What did he say about the controller? What else could they
say about the controller? That you're going to use it in the stereoscopic 3D games. Well,
no. Maybe you're onto something. We'll see. I don't know. And maybe we're fucking idiots.
I don't know. We'll see soon enough. But it's fun to imagine, isn't it?
Go away for a drink.
Yeah, we will. We'll be first in line. Hopefully they won't kick us out.
All right. We're going to let you go, buddy. We got to get to the next segment, all right?
But thank you for your input. Have a good one.
You too. Later.
Okay, I apologize to those folks we didn't get to on Skype. We'll get to you guys next week.
promise
But we promise the chatters we did get to some ask orange lounge. So therefore that's what we're gonna do right now some ask orange lounge
Let's ask orange lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week on orange lounge radio?
Maybe we'll find out how to unhook a bra or maybe not. I
I don't know. I don't want to finish that thought. Um...
You rhymed anyway.
Sakurina says,
I want to plug dsmeat.com, which is a DS Friends code sharing site that Loki joined, apparently.
Loki, is this true? Are these allegations true?
Yeah, but I haven't visited the site since then. I was bored.
I thought our buddy Big Red Pimp started his own thing.
Yeah, and you know what's funny is because I couldn't log into that thing at all because it was broken.
email him and tell him he'll fix it. I just don't care. He loves you. Alright, uh,
Sakarina wants to know, am I the only one to think Snow by Ram when you guys talk about snow?
And I say no, you're probably not the only one to think about that song. However, that does make you
a loser. Just kidding. Hearts, love you. Just kidding. Sephiroth1215 says, what do you think
What do you think is the most overrated DDR song?
I say Butterfly, says Sephiroth1215.
Most overrated DDR song?
Max 300, hands down.
Hands down, Max 300.
Darkstalker?
Yeah, I'd have to agree.
Max 300? Loki.
Huh?
Most overrated DDR song?
Overrated DDR song, max period.
Oh.
We all said maxes.
And will you be my Animal Crossing friend?
Aww.
Only if you let me abuse your town folk.
I'm going to leave signs in your town.
Yeah, and let us paint your town.
We'll paint your town gay.
We're going to come gay up your town.
With the makeover, girlfriend!
I'm going to put up signs and just have bras on them.
That should be the new Orange Lounge logo.
the new orange lounge logo I really hope that the town lesbian comes back by the
way I want to say just in time for Christmas because I don't know why bras
make me think of this but the orange lounge t-shirt it's gonna happen we got
a company to say they do it I'm very excited so we're gonna talk about that
later gonna do it we're gonna do it illusion wants to know what do you think
is truly truly truly outrageous gem in the holograms or the misfits not the
punk band, the original Misfits. I would say, you know, Jem was the shit. The Misfits were
just a bunch of fucking wannabes. I'm sorry. Except the Misfits had Jetta later on, and
she played a black saxophone. True. It doesn't get cooler than that. Your thoughts, Jem or
the Misfits? I think the entire show sucked. Yeah, well, I think you smell like butt. Spirit
Snare would like to know what is the meaning of life the universe and
everything to the X 42 purple it's 42 really purple that's the whole purpose
of the earth was to calculate the meaning of life and it's 42 purple Loki
the meaning of life is to listen to orange launch radio every Sunday night
at 6.30 Pacific Standard Time?
Um, no.
Oh, Jesus Christ, Renee just reminded me of something.
Have any of the hosts had a memorable moment?
Oh, this is from Renee.
Playing any DDR or music game in front of a crowd of sorts.
I have an alter ego known as Dr. Dick that
does improv freestyle at some tournaments
and got quite a big crowd at Pier 39 doing.
What song did I do?
Was it Cowgirl I did at that one?
No, the first time was It's Raining Men.
Yeah. Was it Shaft 2 or something? Yeah, Shaft.
And the second time Dr. Dick came out was doing Cowgirl
at B3 is what it was called. Good times.
Loki, I think of one involving you.
One of the first times I met you was at the sacramentals cosplay and tournament
and you did your routine Dynamite Rave, like when you were dressed up all over your style.
Oh yeah, I completely forgot. And you fucking failed.
That's because I forgot my steps. You started dancing and you were like getting down and doing the whole thing and then you were like
Like you froze for a minute and you were like, aw shit, and then you failed.
I wasn't like, what, the first time you...
I was like, that guy rocked. No, it was, it was later on. But this is pre-OLR. This is pre-OLR.
Alright. DarkSakura, do you have any? I can think of one. It was you and me, but...
What, doing stomp to my beat?
Yeah.
And beating each other with the orange bats?
because we were pissed off that we got disqualified from perfect attack so we
entered freestyle couples freestyle at the last minute and we went to Rite Aid
and bought big orange bats and a little plastic trumpet and we worked we worked
so hard on this we were so like we finished this whole freestyle routine a
couple of hours I believe this video is still still on DDR freak somewhere
somewhere somewhere nobody needs to download yeah yeah I was really fat and
this is what I looked like like four years ago you wanna see how gay I really
I'm watching me dance. We worked really hard on the finishing technique where Dark Sakura
would whack me in the crotch with her bat, and that was the finishing move. It was great.
And then Iguana Girl and some other guy. Her ex. Yeah, that guy. Yeah. Stood behind us
and played instruments. The little plastic trumpet. Yeah, the trumpets and stuff. It
was great. Because, you know, in some of my videos, and please help us spread the new
slang term for boobs, katamaris. Enjoy. And who won the cage match is the thing he reminded
me of. Oh yeah, you guys want to know who won a cage match tonight, huh? Because I completely
forgot to mention it a little bit ago. Tonight's cage match wiener is by, I think this is by
one vote. Yes, by only one vote. Kat. Let's face it, you've missed her from DDR, that's
why you let her win all right thank you for reminding me Renee God if it wasn't
for you the show would be ruined Ron Chan wants to know will you be doing some
freestyling at Katsucon Ron Chan since you asked I will bring the
hat and the garb and dr. dick will make an appearance Nintendo maniac 64 says
why are you guys so awesome I found a torrent for Japanese that took 46 hour
to download and i already know some sentences uh oh god i this person's making me read japanese
it's not fair um remember spanish okay whatashi wa nihon doga
i think i was close i think i was close
where right there starting right there
I think he meant why did I type that with a D when it should have been a G.
Okay, it's supposed to be S-U-K-O.
Oh, who cares.
I'm trying to say it's Koshi.
Oh, who cares.
No, I need to correct you, thank you.
Nintendo Maniac, what he really wants to know, is a Mario Kart DS online record of 199 wins
and 34 losses good?
Yeah, but it means you do need to go outside more often.
Maybe race a real car.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
Question for Loki.
Can I race you in Mario Kart DS again?
I remember that you're anti-snaking, Loki.
I guess if I'm on, I mean.
jaded 2005 what is the best metal DER pad because I want to get one for
Christmas red octane's afterburner honestly Roz why wouldn't the Java IRC
client work I couldn't get into it and it made me late for the show chat
sadness I don't know because that's done by another company but I'll look into it
and see if it's just you or if it breaks for us too and if it breaks for us too
then we'll have to, uh, spank it. Sephiroth1215, by the way, had a follow-up.
That's okay if we want to visit his village, but please don't gay it up.
Legend of Zaku says, how come mainstream youth media outlets such as MTV only care about
rap and sports games? Because that, unfortunately, is what the people are buying, and if the
people stop buying that shit they will not promote it anymore is my thought
because of cock yeah cock what what she got you to say cock oh by the way I have a
really random aside for you I don't have a fortune cookie message your archive
didn't have one in it yeah it was nothing there was blank empty okay see
easy fix easy fix something I'm looking at the clock I'm like oh fuck five
minutes left in the show and I don't have a fortune cookie and I forgot to
Very, very Margaret Cho gave.
the over-the-shoulder boulder holder oh my god somehow you have outgave me good
job good job that was it well played Dark
Sakura all right you have outgave me that's just my favorite song movie all
All right, question from Dark Tetsuya.
Have you seen the Carl's Jr. Milkshake commercial,
and do you find it ironic that they used Get Busy
since they had the DDR promotion last month?
Well, that would not be busy.
That thing, miss, cannot, cannot shake.
That thing, miss, cannot, cannot shake.
That thing, miss, cannot, cannot shake.
You know, I can't, look, why would you use,
why would you use that song when there's the completely
The more obvious song that you use in your milkshake commercial.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and their life is better than yours.
Damn right, it's better than yours.
Cause most people listen to, you know...
Wait, hold on, hold on.
E. Carl's Jr.
See? I should produce commercials.
forgot about the DDR promotion last month my bed goggle says what is your
favorite Christmas song my favorite Christmas song is little drummer boy
because I get to say perumpa pump pump I also grandma got run over by reindeer
a close second my favorite one is dancing around a women's underwear okay
Okay. Loki? Christmas at Ground Zero.
It's Christmas at Ground Zero.
Alright. One more.
Actually, I also like the night Santa went crazy.
Last one, last one.
Neodude0 wants to know, do any of you play Magic the Gathering?
I used to.
I used to.
I had, I had like all blackboarded cards.
They were betas and alphas.
I still have my fourth edition stuff.
NERD!
Yeah, but I don't play it anymore. I can play sometimes.
Sometimes late at night, you take them out, and you tickle yourself with them.
Actually... Oh dear.
I need to tap my mana. Tap my mana.
I need another Thrall token!
At least I didn't say Felden's Cane.
Oh gee, god damn lady.
I need me an acid manipulator.
Alright. That, uh, I hate this show. Alright. That, that's, that's gonna do it because I
hate this show. Uh, we're gonna finish up and, uh, put the nail in the proverbial coffin
of this program. Uh, thank you, folks, for listening. We'll be back next week with more
of the same shit that you know and love. Um, final thought time. Angel! I hope you had
a good show. Yes, I did. Good. And good people came over and it was all good. Good. Well,
What's your final thought, my dear?
Must get that job.
Yes.
Good luck, my friend. Loki, final thought.
Must eat more brownies.
Stop stuffing your face with brownies.
How much weight have you gained since the biggest gainer started?
I don't know. I haven't checked.
We haven't done weigh-ins in my weeks.
I know. Well, Extover's not here, so...
But I've been uber-sick, so...
So we'll do another weigh-in next week.
But I win anyway.
I know. Darkstalker, your final thought?
I hope them over the plague soon, but the final, the really, really major thing is reject
false icons.
My final thought is velcro bras, the wave of the future.
That's it.
One word, one word to sum it all up, the final word of the show, the nail in the coffin,
it is Angel's birthday, I will let her have the final word.
What is it my friend?
See you next week.
Brownie!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Um, that's it. We're now going to cut the wire here and send you back to Bomani Music
and Video Game Music. Goodness. Have a happy week. We'll see you next Sunday.
Rav. What?
Menomina.
Do-do-do-do-do.
