It was December 24th when Holla Zappin's the dog
When I see the man chillin' with his dog at the park
I had frozen very slowly with my heart full of fear
Looked at his dog on my card, it all rained here
I bet I was illy cool, the man had a beard
Had a bag full of pretty 12 o'clock at night
So I turned my head a second and the man was gone
But he must've dropped his wallet back dead on the lawn
I picked the wallet up and then I took the pause
Took out the lights and then it closed that Santa Claus
A million dollars in it cold, run it to G
Enough to buy a boat, magic claw with E
But I'd never steal the Santa, so that ain't right
So I was goin' home to matter back to him that night
But when I got home I buzzed, cause under the trees
It's Christmas time in Hollis, Queens Mom's cooking chicken in collard greens
Rice and stuff and macaroni and cheese And Santa put gifts under Christmas trees
Decorate the house with lights at night Snow's on the ground, snow white so bright
In the fireplace is the Yule log Beneath the mistletoe, S-E-J eggnog
The rhymes that you hear are the rhymes of Gerald But each and every year we bust Christmas Carols
I'm so loud and proud to hear it's Christmas time and we got this berry
Jack was chillin', the hawk is out And that's what Christmas is all about
The time is now, the place is here And the whole wide world is filled with cheer
My name is MC with the mic in my hand
And I'm chillin' and coolin' just like a snowman
So open your eyes, lend us an ear
We want to say Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Down in the workshop, all the elves were making toys
For the good Gentile girls, and the good Gentile boys
When the boss busted in, nearly scared him half to death
Had a rifle in his hands, and cheap whiskey on his breath
From his beard to his boots, he was covered with ammo
Like a big, fat, drunk, disgruntled, yule-tied Rambo
And he smiled as he stared, with a twinkle in his eye
Merry Christmas to all, now you're all gonna die!
The night Santa went crazy
The night St. Nick went insane
Realized he'd been getting the raw meals
So finally Russell laughed in his brain
Well the workshop is gone now
He decided to vomit
Everywhere you'll find pieces
Of cupid and comet
And he tied up his helpers
And he held the elves hostage
And he ground up for Rudolph into reindeer sausage
He got a Dancer and Brandler with an old German Luger
And he slapped a Stasher just like Freddy Krueger
And he picked up a flame thrower and he bought a few kisses
And he took a big bite and played a tape just like chicken
The night Santa went crazy
The night Chris creamed the windows
Now you can't hardly walk around the North Pole
Without stepping in reindeer's blood
There's a National Guard and the FBI
There's a van from the eye with the zoo
And hug out the third man round in the sky
And the bullets fly and the body comes rising
And everyone's dyin' to know, oh Santa, why?
My, my, my, my, my, my
You used to be such a Charlie Guy
Yes, Virginia, now Santa's doin' time
In a federal prison for his infamous crime
Hey little friend, now, don't you cry no more tears
He'll be out with good behavior in seven hundred more years
But now, Mason's in therapy, and Donner's still nervous
And the elves all got jobs, working for the postal service
And the famous surprise, he's on the phone every night
With a lawyer to negotiate the movie rights
They talk about the night fan away craving
The night pain Nicholas slipped
Broke his back for some milk and coffee
Felt to me like he was tired of getting sick
The night Santa went crazy
The night pain Nick went insane
Realized he's just getting the raw deal
Some finally must have snapped in his brain
Some fine man wants to snap in his brain
Tell ya, some fine man wants to snap
In his brain
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio episode number 167, Merry Fucking Christmas, Happy Fucking
Hanukkah, Super Duper Fucking Kwanzaa, Solstice, whoever the fuck tickles your fancy, it's
the Orange Lounge Radio Christmas Fest here tonight on the show, I'm so excited.
that we might actually get canceled mid-show tonight.
It may happen, they might,
Lion365 might finally pull the plug on us mid-show tonight.
And we'll talk about why that would happen
all after this lovely introduction
featuring that same introduction you've heard all year long,
which we desperately need to change.
But you know you love it.
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
How come we'reésnt that big?
This mommy talks radio like so much porn.
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh! Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Plenty of m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
You know, the chat room's saying that we forgot Festivus.
Fuck Festivus! Fuck it, right? And it's stupidly late.
Oh, hi! We are live! And this is episode number 167 for this December the 18th of 2005.
You know, I'm sorry, but it's not a holiday unless they have a greeting card for it.
And I don't remember seeing any happy Festivus cards at the end.
If Hallmark can make a dollar off of it, there's probably a card out there.
Can I do my intro? Uninterrupted, please, thank you.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want,
and this is Orange Lounge Radio Live.
You're home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
Emphasis on pop culture stuff and us, our lives.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in that corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm, Ms. Dark Soccer, Jamie Summers.
She's actually not here.
She's on her way.
She wasn't in an accident, but she saw one or something.
We've replaced her with a ferret.
Yes, we've replaced her with a ferret.
No, she'll be here just a little bit late.
don't know we don't know how late i i think only a few minutes because she
called in a timely manner so we'll see
but of course over there the one and only uh... interrupting working
how you doing my friend
good so far by just eight burgers mcdonald's so uh...
that could back to change like the weather that could change your mood in a
moment's notice
well let's see what happens
we may have some special guests and i don't know i'm sure extra for want to do
a movie review at some point i could we did see
uh... jesus is magic and appropriate you know selection for the holiday season
and uh... john's out there to watching the week old survivor finale
uh... and then bugged is out there to playing on the computer so we'll see if
we can get any of them in here during some of my life survivor still on
believe it or not they're going to do in another one there's another one taping
right now and they've got applications for the next one
you know i think that should be on survivor
uh... yeah
could you imagine the unsurvivor i would i would
private i'd be glad that i could do
big brother i have to do is sleep with everybody that's a little bit better
i could do that
i could
uh... anyway
we're gonna talk about the holidays written about some christmas the money
news you know i i don't want to make story
they keep giving free shit away on ultimate street so i want to talk about
Ultramix 3, and some other gaming stuff as well. I want to hear more about the Xbox 360.
I heard something kind of funny happen today.
Yeah, some people camped out overnight. Surprise! We don't have internet!
The internet sucks!
So I want to talk about that and have a few good laughs.
So I'm even for the occasion, I'm wrapped up in a blanket here,
And I've got a bottle of vodka in my hand.
And, today, we will be opening the gate to OLR Town, my town.
Oh!
Entire show.
Exciting!
Oh, OLR Town's gonna be open.
Yes.
Okay, this is Animal Crossing.
Everybody that has Animal Crossing can come join.
Every time I play, I open the gates, but no one ever comes in, so.
I have to talk about Animal Crossing when we come back.
We'll talk about all that stuff when we come back.
Okay.
Because I have issues with Animal Crossing.
I'll talk about that.
So you need to PM your friend code to Loki so he can get you added.
So PM Loki with your friend code and your name and your town name so he can get you added.
Yes.
Alright, and the NOLR town will be open very soon.
Yes.
Alright.
We'll be back after this quick introduction.
Now of course since you know it is the end of December, it is mandatory Silent Hill time.
So we're going to play Silent Hill and some other winter classics.
So hopefully you've been a good boy or girl this year and you're going to get lots of
video games for christmas
and if you haven't
well then you know you'll be getting um...
you'll be getting a computer virus i don't know
we'll be back after this with more
and i'm gonna talk about why we're getting canceled mid-show tonight as as
well
uh... like to spice fall
out of our hands will probably come back
after this mandatory silent hill
Merry freaking holidays to you.
Tonight is the night for our love yous Wish we could have this feeling
You'll never hear, Christmas is here, Christmas is here
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Tonight, nightfall, I love you
And if you hold me near you
And you move my heart, baby
But tonight, the nightfall, I love you
There's no back and forth, nothing to fear
Are you strong and cruel as you seem?
Can you hear me from above Do you feel the pain of my heart
Do you feel the pain inside of me?
Was it true?
Will you leave me in the air just in time?
No one cares to stop
Can you see me from above?
Do you see my frozen memory?
Set it down
Let it be alone
Silent child
Staring all of us
Let us not fake me
Please give me brand new star of mine
Just take it
One for all
Let us not fake me
Please give me brand new moon yesterday
Let my body take my hand
Let's not face me
Oh
This is the end of the video, thank you for watching and see you in the next one.
This is the end of the video.
Thank you for watching.
Don't forget to like and subscribe.
Plus, she's having fun while at school and is
ripped away from this Brand mole,
On my coldest dream
Full of happiness
Hello
Hello, is this Schmidt?
No it's him
There, and he vascularizes
Hello
Hello
Hello, is this thing on? Testing? Testing one, two?
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this. Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on? What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio. Broke-down ghetto bimani radio.
What the f***?
And in that commercial, you heard the lovely voice of Dark Soccer there, who's not here yet, but she's on her way.
Now I'm getting a little concerned.
She probably usually would be here by now.
I hope everything's going okay.
I'm sure we'll get the full story as soon as she arrives, but as promised, I'm wrapped
up in a blanket.
I'm celebrating the holidays the best, the only way I know how.
I'm wrapped up in a blanket, and I have a nice bottle of Guinness, actually.
I decided against vodka, I went for the Guinness, so I have a nice bottle of Guinness in one
hand here.
And I'm just thinking about some Yuletide greetings, which I'm sure I'll be rambling
off a little later.
uh...
let me know so i don't know what other
well i want to know we get uh... has just left
uh...
well i think i think i think i think i think i think things are swinging in a
lot of town
you know you may have to add you add more friends code is a friend to codes
and don't forget as if you want to uh... given to a lot of time
head on over to our chat room at w w dot org entry dot com click on chat
and then look you have a message with your friend cody i have a lot of them
already. I mean, I have to look and see who's in here, but I have a lot of people already
added that were posting in, like, forums and stuff.
Oh, good.
So, let's see who we got here.
Nah, I'll just take your word for it. You don't have to name them all out.
Yeah.
If they message you and, you know, want to know if they're on the list, you can tell
them if they're in there or not. Now, are you close to maxing out your list just yet?
Have you maxed out the list there on Animal Crossing?
No. I've only got about seven people.
I have Dan, I have Milti, Black Lab, Jason, Harold, you, and Jamie.
You know, I haven't touched Animal Crossing in probably about five days now, which is
kind of sad because I was all into Animal Crossing.
I was so up and ready to play Animal Crossing, and I was digging all around town trying to
find a copy of Animal Crossing, and I went everywhere I could trying to get a copy of
animal crossing and um trying to get it early and then I finally picked it up I
played it for three days and then never played it again do you know why I didn't
play it again why because I bought a copy of Final Fantasy 4 advanced and
that's all I've been playing everything I've been playing dark soccer is here I
was starting to get a little worried how Mike's over there how you doing my
friend you need to be on mother nature can bite my abundant ass what your
abundant ass. What happened here? You want to sit, honey?
Okay, alright. Alright, anyway. We'll talk about our weekend day is usually how we start
off the show. Since Dark Soccer is getting situated, we'll go over to Loki and see. Loki,
how was your week? How was your day?
My weekend day, pretty uneventful. Just still been fighting the cold. This week we actually
found out though that we're going to get a lot of time off. They're giving us the Friday
and Monday, um, you know, around Christmas and New Year's. So actually, this next week
I work four days and the week after I work three days. So that rocks. Must be nice. Must
be nice. And a $250 gift card for cash. Um, other than that, I've just been playing a
lot of Animal Crossing, actually. Not too much in the 360 stuff, just because I hate
having to set it up and take it back down because I take it to work. But at work we've
We've been playing four-player deathmatches in Call of Duty 2, as well as Grand Theft
Auto, or Liberty City Stories.
So it's been a nice mix of stuff.
We got another person in on Liberty City Stories now for five.
So it's really cool.
And Animal Crossing, Nellie's been taking it to work and playing it.
So I've been playing it as well.
So it's kind of cool.
Can you do Friendly Fire on Call of Duty 2?
Well, we play Deathmatch.
So I suppose you could.
In the single player mode though, because I was watching Xtopher play a demo on one
of those Xbox 360 kiosks at like Circuit City or whatever, and I kept telling him, shoot
that guy in the back of the head, shoot your friend in the back of the head, I want to
see blood, I want to see blood.
And like he said he was trying to do it, but it wouldn't work, but he might have just not
been doing it right.
Sure, but I know that it's really fun, and I like the way that they do the maps where
they don't show where each player is, but when you fire your gun, a little blip goes
on your screen showing you which direction the sound came in, and that's really cool.
Um, but other than that, um, no, I've been trying to, I'm actually going to try to play some more games, you know, while, you know,
Let's see here.
Um, some more games while I'm, um, you know, on my breaks here.
But, um, yeah, it's been pretty cool. Just a lot of gaming.
And, um, starting to get some of my gift stuff, you know, and, you know, I'm dead shopping finally.
How many days away till Christmas are we at now? Seven? Seven days till Christmas?
And I haven't started my shopping yet. I'd just like to point that out. I've not started my Christmas shopping yet.
I've got stuff related to topics we'll be talking about later.
I have to laugh about certain things. We'll get to it later. It's just good.
If we get to it later. Now here's the thing. I was talking about in the beginning of the show
365 may well cancel us mid-show tonight. What's actually going on is that live 365
is doing rotating outages and they've been doing them all weekend and we think
we've missed it for tonight but we're not sure. So if kids at 8 o'clock the
station goes down, we ain't coming back tonight because live 365 is doing
rotating outages. I don't know what the hell they're doing. They're moving their
servers to a new thing, a bigger, better, stronger, faster, harder server. I don't
what it is.
We need to move them to Sweden.
So whatever they're doing, they're moving their servers, and if we happen to be on one
of the lucky servers that's getting moved tonight, we will be off the air at eight o'clock.
So if the show goes down at eight o'clock, we ain't coming back.
So sorry.
But hey, life sucks sometimes, and Christmas sucks when you've been bad.
So anyway.
Where are we at show-wise?
I'm sorry.
I've lost my train of thought.
We're doing my week with a mouthful of burrito.
Oh, okay.
How was your week?
her weekend day is going to get a lot better
I've been trying to get this forever, this was going to be a wedding gift
now it's actually a Christmas present
I got the last one, the actual display model
I have purple lacrosse, that means Dan doesn't get to play the PSP anymore
did that actually come out?
yes
By the way, good Christmas etiquette, leaving the price tag on there. That's smooth move.
It's a display model, what can I say? That's why it's open, too.
Oh, it looks cute! I thought this was going to be a darker game.
No! It's a cutie game.
Oh, it's cute. Oh, shit!
Shouldn't they try this?
I already broke the fucking thing!
I am happy I have a ball of gold.
Good job!
Thank you.
Happy happy.
That's awesome. I'm going to have your present at the end of the week because I didn't go shopping last week as I had finals.
Ah, that's alright.
Oh, and this would be your week and your day.
Yes, finals kicked my ass, however, I got feedback on my second to last Illustrator
project and I made a 95 on it, because I'm awesome.
You said that my Silent Hill cover looked really nice.
I haven't got my grade on it yet.
I got full points from my Dreamweaver project and I haven't got the results back of my World
Geography final.
Did you link the Silent Hill thingy bobber in chat?
Because it was actually really good.
Like, it's something that I could see actually being used, like, on a Playstation type cover.
I linked it in my live journal, but I'll link it in the chat room when I'm done with my
thing.
There's not everybody in chat that stalks you, LJ-wise, so you should probably link
that.
Well, I also am friends only, because I care who reads my journal.
Well, yeah, I'm friends only for the fact that I don't want, just because of my nature
of my day job, I don't want folks finding me unless I'm okay with it.
I had to fight the rain tonight because it was just really nasty.
I was sick before I left home, really icky.
And then I had to pass an accident, and then I had to go to Starbucks and get a latte.
I picked up brownie bites for everybody.
Oh yeah, I wanted a brownie bite, but I had to pass because I was in mid-sentence earlier.
Oh, right on.
And, um, no?
I don't think they have nuts.
I didn't know what they were.
Well, I will have to eat one and see if they have nuts in them.
These are nut-free, my friend.
They are the nutless wonder.
Just like, never mind.
A fitting meal.
But I also got DJ KK last night, which is the KK Eurobeat song, while I was watching
Stargate.
Now, actually, Loki has OLR town open tonight for our listeners to join in.
Okay, you have the little brat lost in your town, and I have the mama in my town.
Yes, I've been trying to get...yeah.
Okay, so we'll have to fix that at some point tonight. Reunite baby and mama.
I have to find the baby, because baby appears every now and then.
Okay, well I know where mama is, so I'll go to your town and rescue the baby.
Mmm, I think Dark Sakura put something trippy in these brownies,
because I'm feeling all warm and fuzzy.
That would be the stuff at Starbucks.
No, no, wait. That's the Guinness.
Yeah, I can't have that as I'm going to be driving tonight.
And I may have jury duty tomorrow, which I hope I do so that I don't have to go to work.
Merry Christmas, you get jury duty. How did that happen?
Well, because I missed it the last time, and I called back to reschedule, and I said,
Yeah, but I'm in school. They're like, Okay, well, we'll just schedule you for the week after your finals.
And I hope I have it, because I don't want to go to work.
Does your work pay you when you get jury duty?
Yes.
Isn't that the best?
I work for a bank!
Hallelujah!
My work pays for it, too, and I've been praying to get jury duty, just to see what would happen.
I just want to go hang out in there and wait for them to pick me up, so I'll play Animal Crossing.
And then, um, when I get picked, I want to sit on, like, a really nasty case.
Because I'd love...
Like murder? Like double murder?
Not a double murder, but I'd like to get on, like, a suicide case.
Wait, how do suicide cases go to trial?
Because they have to prove it's a suicide for some.
Oh. But with a jury trial?
jury trial?
Yeah.
Did you mean to kill yourself, corpse?
Well, no.
Poke it with a stick.
There's those ones where they need to prove if it's suicide or murder.
I like those kind, but I don't like just the straight-up, uh, hack you, arr, arr, die.
I want to get in on a case because I, you know, I should have been a lawyer except I'm
too, you know, lazy, but I wanted, I love studying the whole process.
I like seeing it in action.
I love watching court TV.
are you going to get out there and if they ask you
uh... now dark soccer of course that's not what they'd say they'd say jamie
are you a supporter of the death penalty and you're going to get up there and say I AM THE DEATH PENALTY
GUNS DON'T KILL PEOPLE! I DO!
I support the NRA. Well you know the death penalty in the state we live in in California
huge issue right now because the Tukey
they did the thing to Tukey and now everybody's all
all death penalty death penalty rah rah rah so inevitably if it is a murder case
I have the solution. That's funny. Inmate battle royale. Took all the fuckers on an island. That was a movie.
We played Leona. What was it no escape? And he gets off the island at the end if I
remember sorry if this is a spoiler if I remember right he gets off to the island
at the end. I think. I don't know if I want I don't know if I want Tukey living
next door. I think that it would solve a problem. And then the inmate where they don't get their
freedom that they get a much nicer jail cell. And then they have to defend their title the
next year. You're evil. Someone snuck into my town and dropped fruit at my feet. Oh,
that's nice. Yes. No, I'm not. I'm thinking about overpopulation in the jail cells and
cutting down cost. I'm a penny saver. I'm frugal. You know, they should vote for me
because, you know, I would kill more people and save you more money.
You know, I just saw a meme on LiveJournal, which is the order of the presidency or something
like that, where you can add your name to the list to be in line to be president. I'll
have to give you a link so you can add your name. I think they're on something like 5100.
So if you could kill the other 5100 people, which isn't very many when you consider the
population of the U.S., you, Ms. Dark Soccer, could be president of the U.S.
That's because I'm not 40.
Apparently they've thrown that out the door in this thing.
It's 35, but yes.
35, yes.
That's a few years off.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, I did learn another thing.
Because my friend was DJing at Rapture on Friday, I ended up going out to the club,
which I probably shouldn't have done in hindsight because I was shaking by the time we got back
in my car.
I was so sick.
But I ended up, he played some excellent stuff, like all the old classics, he was playing
The Cure, he was playing Depeche, but he played Kiss at like a golf club.
Not Kiss, why am I saying that?
I meant The Purple One.
Prince?
Because I was singing Kiss, but he played another song.
Purple Way?
Or did he play When Doves Cry, because I think that's my favorite Prince song.
no he played something else. Or Kiss. I like Kiss too.
But don't have to be beautiful.
Anyway, and the rest of my week has been
recovering from the plague.
And you are on the other side of the plague now? Hopefully, but
I don't know. I actually took my double dose of Vicodin last night
so that I would sleep through the night and I couldn't get to sleep
with like two shots of my Vicodin syrup in me so I stayed up and finally I'm just like
shit it's been three hours that I took it so I took another dose and then went and laid down
at 4 30 and woke up at three so yeah I slept most of the day. Let's see my week and my day my week
has been very very busy I've just been kind of going out and doing a lot of things I went to
the movies I went with Xtifer and and some friends to go see Sarah Silverman Jesus is Magic which is
playing at our local art house movie and of course Sarah Silverman's the, you know,
comic that likes to say fuck a lot. It was pretty funny. I'll let X differ talk
about it more a little later in the show. And went out to eat a lot because I
don't like cooking so I like to go out and eat things. Of course, as I was saying
a little bit earlier in the program, I have not been playing a lot of Animal
Crossing because it got kicked aside for Final Fantasy IV Advance, which I
picked up earlier in the week, and have not put down everything that I remember
about that game from 14 years ago when I first played it is coming back to me and
it's just that's all I care about right now so my village is gonna be filled
with weeds because it's gonna have to wait until I beat Final Fantasy 4
Advance and I'm making pretty good progress I'd say I'm about I don't know
how far I'm into the game about five hours and how long was I game about 30
hours I'm about five hours into the game so as soon as I beat Final Fantasy 4
Advance I'll be back into Animal Crossing again and then I'll join you
guys know how our town. Your town's gonna be full of weed. I know it's gonna be hella
full of weeds. Make sure you buy insurance. I have insurance, thankfully. I bought
insurance from the dude when he came. But I have yet to have a single KK song.
I've only paid off one loan on my house, so nothing there. Um, as far as the rest of my
week goes, really not a whole lot noteworthy. Just um, I was gonna go to San
Francisco yesterday, but the weather here has been kind of crappy here in
California when starts when it starts raining in California people like
forget how to drive and they're not sure what to do especially when it starts
raining hard and they start doing the flood watches like people go crazy like
that's what's happening today and so crazy in fact that we you know we might
get we might we might go down mid show tonight because the hysteria you if the
show disappears at eight o'clock you know that there was rioting going on in
the state capitol. So that's pretty much it for my week and my day. Not a whole
lot else special. Anyway, so now, Loki, I want to talk about this before you go to
a break and come back and start doing a little bit of, you know, bimani news. I
want to talk about what happened with Xbox 360. What exactly happened that
you were kind of laughing about before the show started tonight? Basically, it was like
launch number two. The numbers for Best Buy leaked out to what they were gonna
yet, and they were doing a Sunday sale that was advertised, and basically they were going
to have like the same allocations as they had when the thing launched.
So people were camping out, and basically the source were said, do not pre-sell any
of these, these are to be sold, do not open early, you know, these are for the advertisement.
Well, no, the Best Buy of course, they didn't listen to that, they pre-sold them some of
the nights before, and people camped out in the rain again for them, and a lot of people
were disappointed because, oh, guess what, they sold them the night before and you waited
for nothing. But here, here's a nice compact laptop computer for cheap. You want this instead?
You know, it's like, so basically a nice bait and switch for a lot of the stores.
So, so I, now I heard that they just plain didn't get them because we were at a Best
Buy here locally and I overheard a conversation about, yeah, all these people were camping
out last night and, and I was like, oh, ha ha, they didn't get there. That's the moment
and I knew, oh haha, those Xbox 360s didn't show up. Some kid on the internet played a
practical joke on everybody, you know. But, so they really did get more 360s, but they
just did pre-sold them?
They did, they did, they got a shipment in on Friday and they were supposed to hold them
until the 18th. Now the thing that was also funny though, and because this sold out so
quick, and they did get them. There was rumors that they did get them and people waiting
in line and stuff, but this whole thing that they had pre-sold them, either the night before
or just, you know, bad situation all over again.
However, if you didn't get them on this day,
never fear, they're getting another shipment on the 22nd.
Oh, enough talk. Just before Christmas.
Yes. You hope. Now, is this coming from the same source?
This is from the same source. And the source for this Best Buy stuff was an inside source.
And he's been
the one that's like providing, I think he's the guy that provides Kotaku with all their
information of Best Buy stuff. It's all inside stuff. So pretty much, yeah, the next shipment's
20 seconds, supposedly. I said some stores are getting them, but I noticed a lot of other
stores, GameStop, are not getting their shipments in on time.
Just in time for Christmas, the third shipment to Best Buy.
I know it's not their fault, but it's just because, you know.
And Microsoft's playing favorites. Yeah, they're playing favorites with Best
Buy, so. Must be nice.
Must be nice to be sucking the cock of Microsoft.
All I got to say...
Did you know Bill Gates and Melinda Gates, and Bono from YouTube, Persons of the Year
for Time Magazine.
Nice.
Bill Gates.
Big fat mug right there on the cover of Time Magazine, and nothing against Bill Gates.
I know he didn't single handedly put out this Xbox 360 and cause a disaster, but he sure
makes a good target.
Yeah.
Yeah, but he is living proof that geeks can succeed.
And let me put it this way though, they really fucked up the whole launch of this system.
I mean, it's all messed up.
Well, what would you say to people, though, that say every launch is fucked up?
There are some pretty fucked up launches out there, but I say the way they've been treating
this one, it's been kind of, it's been really bad.
Really bad.
I mean...
At least the 360s work, right?
They do.
They do work.
So, I mean, the whole thing of, you know, they're all defective and stuff.
Mine's, I've had mine crash once, and it wasn't heat-related.
It's just a glitch in the game because of the crash.
Because games were rushed?
No, not necessarily. Games will crash every now and then when you try to do weird things with them.
It just crashed for whatever reason.
I haven't had it crash since then, and I've been satisfied with mine.
It looks good on normal TVs and stuff, and don't really need a high-def TV.
I mean, you can. I mean, definitely you'll get the best picture out of it,
it's not going to suffer from having a, you know, a normal TV, playing even four-player
death matches and stuff.
Because it is higher-res, it's really nice.
When the screen split four ways, you can still see very well.
It's not like, you know, feeling all squashed and stuff.
So I definitely, you know, think it's good that they're doing it, but I don't know.
The way they did this whole launch is really fucked up.
And hopefully, you know, Sony will learn what the PlayStation 3, you know, they won't mess
that one up, but the way it looks right now, who knows when that thing's even going to
launch, so. And that's going to be probably even more rushed to the market, if anything,
so. It'll be interesting.
Well, kids, we are going to take a quick break. Since we already did our winter-themed break
there at the start of the show, we're going to just do some random stuff here. And when
we come back from this break, we'll get a check on what's going on in OLR town. I believe
that uh... dark soccer is on her way to reunite reunite mom and baby
you're selling the baby? what are you doing?
tom nook has offered six hundred bells for the baby so we will see what happens
because tom nook would buy anything no no no it's crazy red
because remember we sell children on the black market no that's right
crazy man
alright so we'll be back we're going to get a check on what's going on in noel art town
We'll talk about some stuff going on in the music game world and plenty more when we come
If you can't say goodbye, baby tell me why
You say that love is not a possession You say that love leads back to sea
You say we must give this devotion But you don't say that you love me
Sometimes I wonder what I'm doing
Sometimes I'm cold and serious
But when you touch my body and close your eyes
My little baby, I don't realize
If you can say goodbye, baby, tell me why
You don't wanna love me just like I do
If you can say goodbye, tell me what I've got to do
If you can say goodbye, baby tell me why
You don't wanna love me, just like I do
You can't say goodbye
Tell me what I've got to do
In the far real you gotta learn how to survive
Cause you never know when it's your turn to take a dive
So you go through each day with your eyes in the back of your head
You'll never know, maybe you will be alive or beaten
That is why, always have it
You'll tell your midnight special
Never leave, but without it
Always better when the midnight special
In the dark, always free
Never know, who you're gonna be
You're my friend, you got me next to you
Hey! Hey! Hey!
It is a call I call, and you're my all-out. I'll take you to the, call I call.
It is a call I call, you better shake your bones, and come on down the, call I call.
so uncensored
that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, Mooch, uh,
Moo-Kaw-Kee. Orange Lounge Radio.
Tag, son.
Welcome back, boys and girls, to Orange Lounge.
In that break, you heard the Twilight Zone
Midnight Special.
If you can say goodbye.
And the Rizlim remix, which people, for no good reason, were chatting about in our
chat room.
So I thought I'd throw that in there. Yeah, the Rizlim remix kind of sucks. I don't know why people are
talking about it but they were the original rhythm is so so much better I
mean it's not that the rhythm remixes is awful but it is anyway of course you can
join our chat room and get in on the fun www.orangeonstrader.com click on chat
anything new going on in our town no nobody you know what everybody fucking
wanted to say or was saying to us oh you got to do the Animal Crossing thing and
open up your town a while visit. Here we are, Ghost Town. I think Tumbleweed is rolling
by in OLR Town as we speak. However, Wonder Dog Harold did leave me quite a bit of fruit
at my feet. Well that's good. Food is good. Lots of peaches and pears, so I'm very thankful
for that. Good deal. But yeah, I've got like, a few people added, but no one's visiting.
Well, we'll just see if this segment continues after this week. Bastard people. Have we read
I guess Skype 2.0 adds webcam to it, or something?
Of course, we threw away our webcam because it sucked.
Hopefully we'll have a new one eventually, but for now we're not going to have that on Skype.
But the new one still works with this old one that we have, right?
We'll see. Hopefully it does, or else we're screwed.
We're not going to be able to do Skypline.
I remember last time we couldn't do Skypline, oh boy.
That was bad.
All right, so we are going to open up Skypline a little bit,
But I do want to talk a little bit about some of the money news, some things going on out
there in the world of the DDR.
First things first, there is going to be a soundtrack coming out for DDR Festival and
DDR Strike.
It's kind of like a combined soundtrack, V-ware, I don't really know what the hell they're
calling it.
But it's going to have a lot of the tracks from Festival and Strike that weren't really
in any other DDR game that came out in Japan.
So you get some things that we got here in the US, such as Kids in America, Believe in
bizarre love triangle. Then you get some things that only came out in other countries. Superstar.
I guess just Superstar until you get into, of course, the DDR Strike music and a lot
of the new stuff that's going to be there. Heaven is a Place on Earth, Let's Dance, You
Sexy Thing, and some of the other stuff there. So I think it's kind of interesting. I don't
think this song list is complete, though. I have a feeling there's going to be more
to it. I don't think this is it. Something tells me, unless these are full versions,
Which I doubt, because 21 full versions is an awful lot.
So, I don't know.
Very strange.
Oh, you know what? And I would have to put your MAC address on here for you to
access the Wi-Fi.
So, and I can't do that because that'll boot all our listeners.
Don't cry. That's alright, we can close the thing since no one's visiting.
Close the damn gates, do your Wi-Fi thing, reunite mom and baby.
happy happy
all right
so there's that i don't know it
that sound actually not going to be worth the money to import
unless you are a hardcore ddr collector type person
if you
if you're a hardcore
ddr collector type person then uh...
you want the soundtrack otherwise it really doesn't do you a lot of good
because you can get the mp3s all over the internet
illegally
I think this is kind of funny because have you visited the music in every direction dot
com website?
They have a brand new flash game that you can play on the music in every direction website.
And basically you go around and you collect these little icons but you try to avoid the
bad guy who's throwing like, I don't know, little like purple waves at you.
And if you, I guess you store up these icons that you collect and then you unleash the
moves or if you're in the Beatmania stage you unleash your DJ power.
And it slowly converts the background from something boring into like a nightclub or
a dance club or a karaoke bar or something kind of cool like that.
It's a little bit of a silly game, but what they're doing is that they're actually giving
away prizes.
If you get a high score, you can submit your score to the scoreboard, and they're giving
away prizes.
Not to the top scorer, but just people who submit their scores to the scoreboard.
So it's a, you know, it's a random contest, which I think is kind of cool.
But some of the people on there, oh my God, some of the scores are really high.
Some of the people were playing this game into like level 35 and stuff.
I got bored of this game after...
I'm visiting the website right now, so here's some stuff in the background.
I got kind of bored of it after like level 3, but I wanted to be able to show the folks
in the studio what this is like.
If you want to check out this game for yourself, it's called The Ultimate Club Promoter Online
Game is what it's called.
It's located at www.musicineverydirection.com.
If you want to go directly to the game, go to musicineverydirection.com slash morphed.
M O R P H E D. Why they're calling it morphed, I have no idea, maybe that's the company that
wrote this, who knows. But the game is available for you to play.
And here's our copy, downloaded here, because I've got to show this to you guys in studio
because you'll think this is kind of funny here.
So here you go, you're going to go get icons, and then you're going to unleash your dance
move, and then you're gonna morph the club. So here I go, woo! I'm going around, and oop!
I gotta dodge the bad guy there, and, what the hell is that? There's some arrows. There's
a little bit of funky boogie playing in the background there. And watch, I'm gonna unleash
and
and
i want to know what the suckers they got to be the captures for this
anyway, you get the idea there
it's a little silly
enough funk boogie, shut up
let's see what they're giving away here on this side, you have until january 30th 2006
If you get first place, you get a copy of either Ultramix 3 or Xtreme 2, a copy of Karaoke
Revolution Party, a t-shirt and CDs, which most of us already own, except for the t-shirt.
And yeah, some of us even have the t-shirt, my t-shirt is BeatMania though, which I don't
think is one of the prizes here, so that's kind of special.
Second place, you get a copy of the game, you just don't get, what don't you get in
the second place?
you only get karaoke revolution party and in third place you just get the
t-shirt and a CD nobody wins a date with now key no nobody wins a date with now
okay I'm sorry to say check that out music in every direction calm and I'm
being really nice you know I could have not told you about that I could have not
told you about that and had more of a chance to win myself but we're nice here
at orange lunch radio and we want to share with you guys what's going on
also in the news hmm one other little thing here I wanted to say oh yes song
pack 14 and song pack 26 are out on xbox live ultramix 3 ddr ultramix 3 song pack
26 rumored to only be out there for a limited time it's going to disappear by
the new year so song pack 26 is kind of like a Christmas present it's free it's
one song it's a remix of love me do and it sucks it really sucks the steps are
kind of fun though so it's definitely worth a download and hey it's free so
you can't complain too much free song so anyway if you hit an animal crossing if
you hit start you can do end the party or whatever and that'll that'll boot
everybody from the village anyway song pack 14 song pack 14 is out as well and
I'm doing this off the top of my head but it has a new never aka song in it it
has I think it's called evolution it has goblin the couple but I thought it's
funny because they don't credit goblin the couple to Tomosuke they credit it to
DJ mojo or something like that I don't know they give it a different credit
which I thought was weird also in there was a remix of ghost
revival I want to say and some other crappy remix I think was in there too
really nothing to scream about I haven't been too excited over these song packs
but judging from the general reaction on DDR freak it seems to be getting an okay
reception especially when it comes to the steps because I will give it that
the steps are something kind of new and especially in one song that I played I
want to say it was the ghost revival remix there's something about Brazilian
the anthem. I don't know if that was a previous Pamani song or if that's just coming from
nowhere. They all have some kind of interesting steps, like patterns you don't usually see
in DDR, which is kind of phenomenal when you consider they've done hundreds and hundreds
of DDR songs at this point, and, you know, there's only the four arrows. There's only
so many different types of patterns you can do. You kind of see some different stuff happening
in these songs, so you have that to look forward to to download. So check that out over on
Xbox Live all right now I know you guys haven't had a chance to check out these
song packs so I wouldn't expect that you already have this up or whatever so
anyway we are going to open up our skype line that's over at www.orangehonestradio.com
click on interact with us and you can call us on the skype line
also we have a phone number I don't give out the phone number enough you don't
even have to have the internet if you just want to call us you can actually do
that the phone numbers area code 9 1 6 2 2 6 90 67 but kids please get your
parents permission before calling otherwise when the phone bill comes in
you might be in big trouble so the Skype line is open there is a new version of
Skype out however we don't know if it's widely out there yet a lot of you guys
probably don't have it we don't have it we're getting a call so let's go to it
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Hey, Sky, Ziggy here.
Hey, how you doing? What's on your mind?
Well, I just want to say, you know, Christmas is already coming in a week,
and, you know, for Christians over there, Merry Christmas to everyone.
And happy holidays to you too, my friend. Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, Festivus,
whatever the case may be for you folks out there.
A politically correct winner to you.
Have you ever watched the video of Love is Dreaminess from BeatMania US where L.E.D. is playing?
What song again? Love is Feelin'?
Love is Dreaminess.
Oh, Love is Dreaminess. No, what is this about?
Love is Dreaminess is confirmed for BeatMania US.
okay right on um and um so what's this there's a video of him out there
actually playing it on the internet or what's going on um yeah he did play a
love is dream in this it's uh the player choose he plays on a player two side and
he got an a for playing it even though it's 134k on his a score where did this
video come from was a him playing on an arcade machine or is it him playing on
BeatMania USA? Where was it taken? What is this going on here?
I think somebody linked it on the Bemani style or VG Army where LED is playing BeatMania
US with a 2DX controller. With one of the official ones?
Yeah, the KOC one. Oh, that's pretty cool.
And they haven't altered it or anything? I mean it's exactly as the Japanese one?
like video and everything?
The video itself is exactly from the chapter
I think you just cut out a little bit
We were losing you a little bit there. I think you're back here. You're here for a
minute there. Yeah, I can hear you. Okay, that's weird.
Okay, so it has the same video and everything, so not a lot has changed there.
Nothing's changed.
Okay.
So,
the only thing that made me disappointed was, you know, the scoring, so I think they better
tune that up
to the standard
Did it have the art at the end?
Oh, the score result? No.
Is it an early build of the game, or are they thinking it's the final build, or what?
Some are semi-final build.
Okay, interesting.
It's a lot of purple interface.
How are you feeling about BeatMania USA at this point?
If they don't put any goalie background result videos, I mean the background
of GoldieArts, I don't think I'll, you know, I'll think about it buying it or not.
But what about those new controllers? You know, the rumor of the new controllers?
Well, you probably have an arcade style, so what do you care, right?
Well, KOC, not arcade style controller.
But the rumor is that the Konami controller they're going to release here stateside is better than the one in Japan.
I heard from Floatwalk that it's going to be spring-loaded.
interesting you know it and of course all this kind of stuff is a matter of
preference as well there's nothing to say that you know one is better than the
other because that all kind of stuff is relative but I you know I I don't know I
mean if it doesn't stick as much and they do a different kind of thing with
the keys so the buttons don't stick you know they'll do that whole thing then or
has a different slightly different look maybe to it or whatever it could be a
more widely popular controller we'll see speaking of sticking uh-huh I just
noticed on my controller like I don't exactly press the center of the key but
I mostly on the white keys I press the top and then the black keys I press in
the bottom and then there are like scratches that causes the you know
discusses the stickiness you should do what I did with mine drop it off the top
of the van, it's never broken. I can't imagine how that worked. That would kill me. It happened
at Anime Expo 2001, I think, which is when I first got my controller, and I was unloading
it from the van, it was stuck up at the very top, and it fell face down. But my controller
has never stuck, except like one key, and I cleaned it and it worked. It's like my controller
controller is the super controller of all 2DX controllers.
I'm thinking the Virgin Mary lives in your controller or something because that's a miracle.
I know, I should probably, you know, take a picture of the circuit board and say, look
it's Jesus.
Yeah, you really should.
Have you ever tried the Vaseline mod, Darkspockada?
To do what?
The Vaseline mod?
No, I haven't.
All I've done is just clean the contacts.
I've been doing it every, you know, every two weeks whenever I play 2DX.
It works fine.
I actually never had any problem with my, it was only one of them that stuck and that
was the one that I would always slam on with my thumb.
And I just, you know, rotated the keys, cleaned them out, worked just fine.
Now what bothers me is playing on the shaved ones.
I don't like shaved keys.
That's irritating.
And I don't actually like the ones where they put the little bit of rubber or foam under
the key to press the contact up.
It just doesn't, that's not comfortable.
Sorry, it's just really funny because you guys are talking about putting Vaseline on your keys and shaving it, and all this other stuff.
You are a pervert, Mr. Rob!
My mind is going right to third grade. Can you actually use KY for the mod as well?
I'm sure KY would work just as well as Vaseline.
Sicko.
I'm going to shave my controller and put KY all over it.
Where's the ferret? I need to hit Rob with something.
I was having a sit-in for you earlier.
I had it.
Anyway.
Alright, so you know what?
Apparently several people in our chat room went ass.
Lube up those controllers, kids, and go to town.
Yeah, you do have a lot of apples.
Alright.
Ziggy, I'm going to go ahead and let you go.
Any final thoughts, my friend?
Well, nothing much else to say, but hopefully next year you get a Skype 2.0
so you can see what I really look like.
I fear some of our listeners, I mean not you so much my friend, but some of our listeners might be listening to us in the nude, or God knows what. I don't know if I want that webcam on everybody. So we'll see.
Alright my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can get to another call, okay?
Yeah, and happy new year to Orange Lounge Radio in case we don't see each other.
We're going to do something next week, but it's not going to be a live show, but we should be here in two weeks.
I don't know. I have to talk to the crew about that when we're on a break or something.
But happy new year to you as well. Have a good holiday season.
Alright? Later. Take care. Bye.
Alright, we're going to do one more call here, and then we're going to take a break and try to get some freaking air in here.
I actually turned on the air conditioner, so the people out front are going to kill me because it's cold out front.
But, oh well, they can deal.
Let's go to another break here.
What's those blankets and jackets for?
Not a break.
A call.
Hi.
You're on Horns Lawn's radio.
Hello.
Hi.
Who's this?
Xander from Florida.
Hello, Xander from Florida.
What's on your mind?
Not a whole lot.
I have an interesting anecdote, if you're willing to hear it.
An anecdote.
We haven't heard.
Okay, sure.
Why not?
It's a short one, so don't worry.
All right.
What's on your mind?
Okay. I'll admit, I'm a bit of a fanboy. Up to...
A fanboy of Warner Bros. Radio? That's really sweet. Oh, I'm sorry. Fanboy for what?
Sort of, but... I'm a bit of a Sony and Nintendo fanboy, and for a while I was kind of down on the PSP, but I had never played it. Right?
Okay.
Just reading stuff on the internet, it's like, oh yeah, I don't, you know, I don't like any games on it, PSP, scrap, blah, blah, blah.
But, since I don't really have any kiosks, I never really got a chance to play it or anything.
Okay.
I mean, I'd seen it, but I never really got a chance to play it.
So, let's see, two days ago, I was at this Christmas party with my friend, and he, he's a Nintendo fanboy, and he had a DS for a long time.
And it broke for a second time somehow. He must be abusing that thing if it's breaking. I don't know how he's breaking it.
He's shaving it and using KY apparently on it. Which you shouldn't do with a DS. You can do that with a 2DX controller.
But please kids, do not shave and lube your DS. It does not like it.
Anyways.
If the animals in Animal Crossing are asking you to shave your DS, just seriously, it's time to go outdoors.
It is time to go out in the real outdoors. I'm sorry, go ahead.
that. It broke for the second time. Anyways, so he gets it and he brings it. He buys Tokobots
and a few UMDs and stuff. So he brings it and I start playing it and I'm like, hey this
is actually pretty fun. I mean, it doesn't necessarily have, it doesn't have all the
games that are my taste but you know I don't expect that but I actually had some fun with
it you know so I mean I guess really you shouldn't diss a system even if you look at the games
and you look at the reviews and they all suck don't diss it until you play it seriously
yeah unless it's an end gauge we need to add that however you draw some interesting parallels
here because you could say the same thing about an Xbox 360, no?
Well, I'm anti-Xbox. I know, I know, because you've said you've
played Xbox, though, and I think that's the difference.
What's interesting, what's interesting about this is, and I'm kind of just thinking out
loud here, this is all kind of coming together as I'm sitting here talking, which is not
a normal for me to just talk out my ass, but you got the PSP thing going on, right, and
And the PSP, if you put the PSP and the DS side by side, and you want a system that is
strictly the better gaming system, I honestly think it's the DS, is the better gaming system.
But of course, it also depends on the kind of games you like.
I mean, the DS has a different type of game, so you got that.
But the PSP, where the PSP excels, is that, well yeah, the PSP is a sexy-ass system for
one, but the PSP allows you to do so much else on it, especially when you consider this
2.6 firmware upgrade.
Okay, you either can upgrade your firmware or you don't upgrade your firmware.
You can upgrade your firmware and get podcasts, and get pictures, and get the internet wirelessly,
and get movies downloaded from the internet, and get MP3s so it's practically like having
an iPod.
Or you can not upgrade your firmware and get all the homebrew applications including homemade
shooters and emulators, although if all you want to buy a portable system for is to play
NES games, that's a whole other issue. So that's where the PSP really excels, is it
being a multimedia system. Okay, so now flash forward to the current competition we've got
going on here. Xbox 360, not a lot of great games for the Xbox 360 right now. Hopefully
some good ones on the way. Hopefully some good ones on the way. But the Xbox 360 trying
to sell itself as more as the multimedia thing, the little white box that Microsoft wants
in every living room, which is very interesting because that is how I see Sony positioning
itself as well. Sony wants to be that little box in everybody's living room as well. Nintendo
says, no, we're still about the games. Nintendo says, fuck all that other shit. Fuck turning
your console into an iPod. Fuck all that other crap. We want to do something new with games
and we're going to take the games thing and go in a whole new direction and do these 3D
crazy controllers and all this other stuff. So it's very interesting to see that Nintendo
kind of continues to be about the game strictly, but about changing the game, as they're doing
with DS and the touch innovation and as they're supposedly doing with Revolution. I don't
know, it's kind of interesting. I think Iwata is a fucking genius. I think
I think he's taken the company in a brilliant direction, in my opinion.
Yes, but it is a big gamble as well.
It is.
But I think they don't really have anywhere else to go if they just keep trying to battle
Sony and Microsoft on their grounds, they're going to lose.
The revolution could crash and burn.
It could be another end gauge and it wouldn't matter because they've still sold 50 gabillion Game Boys.
I think gabillion is an actual number now because Nintendo has sold that many Game Boys in different forms.
If you sell more Game Boys than PS2s, I think, something like that.
Oh, I'm sure. I'm sure of it. Because just the fact that, you know, think about it, how
many Game Boys have you bought? I bought the first Game Boy, then I bought
a Game Boy Color, and then I bought a Game Boy Advance, and then I bought a Game Boy
DS. So, I don't know. It's just interesting. I mean, Nintendo has dominated the handheld
market, and I really don't see anybody posing a real threat to that anytime soon, not even
the PSP the PSP is bringing in a new market in my opinion I don't think the
PSP is getting the same people that the Game Boy and DS is getting because it's
not a gaming system at heart right it's it's a system it's an entertainment on
the go system right and I'm getting yelled at in the chat room for calling
the DS a Game Boy okay it's not really a Game Boy technically the DS is not a
Game Boy but give me this it does have a Game Boy advanced slot right so that's
what a lot of people are considering when they buy a DS is, oh, this will play all my
Game Boy Advance games. So while it might not be a Game Boy, per se, and it doesn't
carry the Game Boy brand, it is the evolved form of the Game Boy.
But it still can't play Tetris. But it still can't play Tetris. Well, now,
but it could play if they re-release Tetris or whatever, and since they re-released Dr.
Mario and Puzzle League recently on one cartridge, did you notice they're not calling it Pokemon
Puzzle League? They're just calling it Puzzle League. I thought that was very interesting.
Let's just say we release that on one cartridge.
Has that come out over here?
I'm seeing ad banners for it on the internet, so I think it's out.
It's not a game I'm interested in because I actually have both games on other consoles.
It came out back in November.
Did it? But it's nothing that I really care about.
Yeah, I didn't notice either because I already have both those games.
But I'm sure it's a great Christmas title.
So, alright, anyway, Zander, appreciate the call.
I'm glad to hear that the PSP was, you know, you had a good experience with it because
that sucks to be a fanboy of something and then get really let down.
You know, you know what I mean?
And it's a bad thing to be a fanboy because, you know, if you just stick to one thing,
you'll never broaden your horizons.
Exactly, don't, don't, be careful when you get narrow-minded and especially in the case
of Microsoft.
When the Xbox first came out, I hated it.
I thought it was a crap system because, remember the golden rule of gaming, the system is only
as good as the games that are on it, right?
And the Xbox had nothing going for it until they started getting DDR, they started getting
Fable, they started getting Halo, and I like Halo, I know a lot of people don't, but they
started getting some more games that, I know, but they started reaching out into other areas
that weren't just sports and shooters, you know?
But that's just me.
They had a Buffy game?
And they did have a Buffy game.
Which is worth something.
All right, Xander, we gotta let you go so we can go to break, but thanks for calling
as always, okay?
Any other thoughts for listeners?
Uh, your taste in music still sucks.
I know.
But, uh, it's, I have a microphone and you don't, so that's, that's what it boils down
to.
All right, take care, buddy.
Okay.
Later.
Just for that, Xander's gonna start his own radio station.
It's gonna be Skye, Skye sucks.
A lot.
Hi, Extifer.
How are you?
Hi.
Hit him with the trout.
Do we have a microphone?
Hello?
I am fine, my friend.
We're going to Chipotle.
That's what I had for dinner.
It's fine, I like the coldness.
Yeah.
can leave the door open that's good did you want to do a movie review real quick
before you go are they waiting for you or what I could do a diet coke okay
anybody else want anything from Chipotle I want some hot beans no I don't know
you you want to do a movie review you wanna wait take you back or what um sure
I'll do a movie review okay let's do a movie review because what you know live
365 might pull the plug on us tonight and in which case you know we want to
make sure that we got your movie review in why would they pull the plug on you
um because we're letting you on the show because we eat through a feeding tube
okay that took me a minute but it was actually really funny it isn't anyway
there's a special place in how reserve just for Loki all right extra fur what
What did you see this week?
I saw Sarah Silverman's, um, something or other.
The Pussy? What did you see?
Yeah, what's it called? Jesus is Magic.
And she is officially now my favorite comedian.
Um, because she made jokes about waxed assholes.
And that was just like, so on my, you know, my level of humor.
Like I was just like, that is like me or whatever.
I'm like, she's just like so politically incorrect.
It's so great.
I love it.
Like how she makes fun of her, her heritage, you know,
and everything she talks about how like her,
her niece calls her up and she says,
I had to do a report on the Holocaust.
And she's like, she's like, you know,
60 million people died in that.
And Sarah Silverman's like, no,
there was 6 million people that died in that.
she's like and her niece is like no well what's the difference like that and she
goes well 60 million is forget is unforgivable if you're easily offended
do not see this movie yeah she's so funny is there ever everything is
nothing is off-limits she got she talks about black people Asians Jews women
9-11, Holocaust, AIDS, AIDS, American Airlines have a slogan.
Don't ruin all the jokes.
That one's the best because it'll make you like...
That offended people in the audience. I don't need you alienating our listeners.
You want to hear the parts of that joke?
I really don't care. Your listeners like me enough to know that I really don't care.
So it was a good movie. I really liked it.
The musical numbers were kind of weird, and then there was a weird masturbating scene in it, which was kind of weird, too.
It was really hot.
Otherwise, it was a good movie. Go see it.
You may want to wait for it to come out on video.
Two thumbs up.
Two cocks up and a flaccid... two cocks and a flaccid cock.
Wait, that's two cocks and a half.
Get out. Get out.
Two cocks and a puss...
Liz, this segment's over. Get out.
Alright.
What kind of ranking scale is that?
I give it two cocks and a pussy. It's a three-way.
It's a...
It's a three...
You're so weird.
Alright.
We're gonna go to a break, kids, and try to get some air, because we're dying in the hotbox.
And hopefully we'll be back and either the plug will get pulled on us...
Hotbox.
Shut up.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Hopefully we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
And if you don't change you be crying boy cause something aint right
Who that is?
My baby mama
Now you got to think you said you was with your boys
But I saw you and Jenna so holin' to us
You know the girl that I'm talkin' about
That's right I'm calling you sorry but I
Not thinking about time that I put you in check
About who I'm taking at the local spa
So all you fellas this is just a game
Mackin' to the ladies tryna build the name
Wanna be a blud, tryna get a piece
I'll break your neck if I catch a disease
Round town soybeans like a farmer
You better beware your baby mama
Who that is?
My baby mama
No, who that is?
My baby mama
Now who that is?
My baby mama
No, who that is?
Who that is?
Oh
On a day like today, the whole world could change
The sun's gonna shine, shine through the rain
On a day like today
You never want to see the sun go down
Dreams always gotta be dreams, dreams, no one else could be
But you never know what might be coming for you and me
Yeah, it's gonna be
On a day like today
A whole world could change
You're gonna shine
Through the red
On a day like today
No, I won't complain
Great to see you
Great to see you
On a day like today
You never wanna see us
Jungle down
I want you now, my heart's on fire
And you know it, go, go, go
Into the dark of night
I'm for your love, I'm wanting your love
I know that you'll be there
I'm feeling good, I'm feeling fine
I want you now, I want you now
Don't believe, I don't do wrong Don't let me go, don't let me go
Baby, yeah, you love me so right Baby, yeah, you're holding my mind
I want you just to hold me And I'll bless you, love me always
I want you just to touch me I want to feel you near me
I want you, just to hold me, I know that you love me always
I want you, just to watch me, I love to feel inside your heart
And that break you heard inside your heart, by the way.
Akira Yamaka, before that a day like today from In the Groove, DJ Simon with
Air, you get it, joke, because we said we're breaking for Air, and my baby mama
from DDR Solo, starting that set off. Hope you enjoyed that, make some music. Here we
are back on the show and we may or may not get the plug pulled, we'll see pretty
soon here if we're gonna get the plug pulled on us for maintenance, so again if
we go down, we are going to be down all night, so we apologize, but we thank you
of course for sticking with us and listening, especially after last week
because last week was kind of sucky because we had the plague, all of us.
We had the... and it's so weird now because I don't feel, you know, sick at all, you know,
no remnants or anything, and I thank Airborne for helping me get over my cold or mini plague
or whatever it was I had very quickly.
I was very happy about that.
So I wasn't very happy about... very happy about getting over that cold quick, but, you
know, it sucks that we didn't have a show, but at least you got the podcast, right?
Which was interesting because it was our 50th podcast and we were all sick as hell.
I still have the plague.
I know you still have the plague, but the mini-plague is gone.
But I'm going to take that Airborne stuff more often now.
That's some good stuff. I'm going to take one of those every day, see what happens.
See if it makes me a strong boy.
Can't you just take a multivitamin?
I've thought about that too, but the thing I like about Airborne is that it actually makes a drink.
Kind of. And the drink's not bad.
I've had worse things in my life, so we'll see.
It's one of those acquired tastes kind of things. We'll see.
Anyway, I'm curious here, because we're getting into the Christmas season, first I want to
know what's on your Christmas list.
I want to know what's on our host Christmas list, what's on your Christmas list, maybe
gaming-wise or maybe just anything-wise, and what your plans are for this lovely Christmas
break coming up.
Or Hanukkah, so you know what I mean, when I say Christmas I mean all that, okay?
We are not going to be politically correct on this program, we're putting it all under
the label of Christmas, which is probably not extremely politically correct, but you
know how it goes.
So, Loki, I'll start with you, my friend.
What's on your Christmas list, and what are you going to do for the holidays?
I don't really have anything on my Christmas list since I've already bought my 360.
I just... probably an HDTV, I guess.
If I were to ever get one, that would be almost impossible because they're expensive.
But other than that, I don't know.
There's not really any games I want.
I have to wait, I guess. Dead or Alive, I guess I could try to go get that since, um...
that's supposed to come out this week.
Assuming it doesn't get pushed back again.
Just in time for the holiday. They're airing the commercials on TV and everything, you just think that could be out?
Actually, no, I take that back. It's not coming out this week. It's coming out next week.
The 29th.
Just in time for the gift certificates and the holiday returns. Yes, exactly.
Um, so maybe I'll get that. I'm not a huge fighting game fan, but it looked good, so...
I'll check it out.
Ummm...
I don't know, there's really not too much I want.
Just, I don't know, HDTV I guess I could need one of those. I need to finish my cabinet.
I need time to finish my cabinet.
It's been a while. I need to finish it.
Get the other controllers done.
But, I'm kind of holding back because I don't have any place to store them if I were to finish them.
Storage is a big issue.
Um, but as far as Christmas plans go, uh...
Playing a lot of Xbox Live, hopefully, because I did pay for a year of it, and I want to
kind of get some use out of it.
Um...
And also, I'm supposed to go to my sister's house for Christmas,
but she's local, so...
Um...
That's pretty much it, though. It's just going to be pretty low-key.
Low-key. Low-key.
For Christmas, I want world peace.
I want a lot of booty, too. I want some booty calls. No, just kidding.
Or am I? I like my Netflix a lot, so I want free Netflix, so I don't have to pay for it anymore,
because I'm loving that thing ever since I got that. Now I don't have to buy DVDs anymore.
more. But if people do want to buy me DVDs, I'm always a sucker for, you know, gift certificates
and stuff. Let's see, what else do I want? I kind of want an Xbox 360 and I kind of don't.
Like, you can wait. But if somebody wanted to give me one for Christmas, hey, I wouldn't
mind. I'd get that other Xbox out of there and get the other Xbox in there, the 360.
Because it definitely is pretty, and I do happen to have an HDTV, so it looks very,
very pretty. I already kind of bought myself an early Christmas present. I bought myself
a new phone, because my old phone, this is what I did last weekend since we kind of ended
up not doing a show. I have a new phone here and it actually takes a video which
is an incredibly useless feature until we like go to E3 or something where you
know video is going to be something we're very glad we have so I'm happy to
have a phone that does video. I'll have my camcorder. It's kind of need to be
able to upload video and it does it does make a pixel pictures so I'm kind of
impressed so that was the Christmas present I bought myself. I don't actually
have a lot planned for Christmas because I have a very small family it's just me
my mom my dad that are gonna get together this year that's it so um my
mom wants to see memoirs of a go show so I suppose I'll endows that let it go see
she actually she wants to see Brokeback Mountain too which I really want to see
of course too but I don't think that's going to be out here on Christmas it's
in that limited release thing you know I think they're afraid of releasing it in
the red states so to speak because you know I guess people in red states quote
quote unquote, can't appreciate a good gay cowboy movie, but I've read the book and there's
more to it than the gay cowboy thing. The media is really putting the spin on it.
It's just like, oh my God, it's Gay Cowboys Fucking. No, it's not Gay Cowboys Fucking
is not what the movie's about. It's a tale of forbidden love. Romeo and Juliet was a
tale about forbidden love, okay? That is what the movie is really about. It's not about
Jake Gyllenhaal doing Heath Ledger in the Booty Hole, although that might be a plus.
DarkSakura, what are your Christmas wishes, and what do you have planned for this Christmas?
I want a memory foam contour pillow, or a Soba Kawa pillow, very, very much.
And I don't really want any video game systems because I already own them all.
I do want a copy of Emerald Dragon for PC Engine.
I've wanted that game for a while.
Um, and of course, uh,
panorama cotton for the master system. Good luck.
Someone must have tossed down six hundred dollars on me. I am not opposed to that.
Um, I also want a tapeworm.
Like one that won't kill me, but that will eat all my extra food.
I'd actually like my appetite back.
And I'd like to be over the plague.
And I want a hippopotamus for Christmas.
I want to get the pot of this.
Wasn't that in your little pre-show tonight?
Yep.
I want a penguin for Christmas.
I want a compound.
So that we can hole up in it and drink red Kool-Aid.
Sounds like fun.
Lots of fun.
And I need season 8 of Stargate.
Fox set.
Very much so.
And the Sony Ericsson Vodafone new one.
I need that too.
You know what movie, because you brought up a good point about like hippopotamuses and
the animals we went for Christmas, do you know what movie I finally saw because nobody
would go see it with me in the theater?
Madagascar?
No.
March of the Penguins.
Oh.
I finally saw on DVD.
I would see that.
You know what the big surprise was about March of the Penguins?
Boring.
Fucking boring.
I love penguins, love penguins, but the movie was very boring and dry and there were dead
baby penguins, which for a penguin fan, no, no, no, you do not show me dead baby penguins
because that was sad. I couldn't take that. No club seals? No club, dead frozen baby penguins.
Who wants to see that? Honestly. And this is a G-rated movie, boys and girls. I was
very sad about that. So, anything else on your Christmas wish list and Christmas plans,
Um, I want a coffee pot. Like a nice one. That does lattes.
Ooh, like a Frappuccino maker or whatever they call it.
Sort of like the big machines they have at Starbucks.
Espresso machine.
And I want the Foamy the Squirrel DVDs, even though Foamy's voice gives me a headache.
Because it's all about the guy that works at Starbucks.
I didn't know they actually released that on DVD now.
Yeah, they're probably the squirrels DVDs and actually I want the the squirrely raft t-shirt, too
You know, we need to release the DVD. We should do
Hey, maybe that'll be an upcoming event for 2006. We'll see we have our own best of DVD release
We'll see. We'll see we can do we've got a lot of stuff in store for 2006 here at orange launch radio
Yeah, I think we do including me moving to Antarctica. You know, the t-shirt thing is gonna happen
I got to talk to you guys about that after the show
But with the t-shirts are happening kids there will be shirts like very very soon like January soon
We're hoping if we get our logo done and everything we're gonna have shirts
It's very exciting because you guys been begging us for shirts for a long time, so we're gonna make that happen very soon
That's kind of our Christmas present to you
Because we live our fans in it in addition to doing this show all the time
All right anyway
Well, it looks like we got past eight o'clock and we're still going, so I'm thinking that
means unless Live 365 is being slow, we are safe from getting dropped tonight, so that's
good.
Let's move on into the cage match, boys and girls.
Let's do an orange lounge, good old-fashioned beat-down cage match type thing.
All right, the way the cage match works is we're going to play three songs for you guys,
And you guys are going to pick your favorite, and the winning song goes into rotation all
week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Babani music and video game music program.
Okay, so you guys are just going to vote for your favorite.
Let's see, two weeks ago, since we didn't do a show last week, we had this song win,
and it's actually a DDR artist who actually won the cage match.
The artist's name is Tess.
It's Tess, and the song is called The Second You Sleep, I Stay To Watch You Fade Away,
and we're going to go ahead and play this song for you guys.
But you only get a clip because it actually already won a couple weeks ago, so you only get a clip of it.
And it's going for a third week, second win, tonight in the Cage Match.
So enjoy or don't, it's your decision.
But it is last week's winner here. It is song number one test the second you sleep enjoy
I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
I wish my God would stay
I'll stay awake
I'll stay awake and watch you breathe
I'll stay awake and watch it flow
Away into the night
Escape into a dream
I'll stay awake and watch it fade away
I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone
It gives me time to say, to watch you fade away
I dream of you for life, tomorrow you'll be gone
I wish by God you'd stay
Hey
I say to watch you fade away I dream of you tonight
Tomorrow you'll be gone Excuse me, it's time to say
To watch you fade away I dream of you tonight
tomorrow you're all regone
I wish my god could stay
to watch you fade away
as we re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
re-
test of the battle of two other songs. Two other songs here tonight. Song number 2 is
Dark Soccer's pick. Dark Soccer, what did you pick for our listeners tonight?
It's a song I've been meaning to put in the cage for a while because we really, really
need Drum and Bass represented. It's one of my favorite DJs and one of my favorite singers
and it's actually one of my all-time favorite songs ever. It's DJ Crush and Espero with
final home right I played it on my show a couple times so our listeners might
find it familiar all right sounds good DJ crush with a thorough final home is
This is song number two. Enjoy!
I traveled far to find you Who knew being so far away, I would stay
This weary heart, the only gift I bring
This love I give to you, this lonely strain
I will give you the most delicious
I will give you the most delicious
You see I need you to be, addicted to me I am calm, in the corners of your mouth
I am still numb Will I live without?
I am pure love
The space inside my final
Oh
I will give you the most delicious kisses on your face
You see I need you to be addicted to me
I am calling in the corners of your mouth
I am still alive I will not live without
I am pure now Safe inside my final home
My only time
My only time
My only time
My only time
Baby, that my final day
My only hope is that
We will be together
We will be together
The song on the tune of tonight's cage match was DJ Crush featuring Estero with Final
Home.
Let's go around and see if that was judged as being a good song or a poopy song by our
kostjamrh That song is sexy, it gets a 10.
kostjamrh It's not that sexy, it gets an 8.
kostjamrh A not as sexy 8 from Loki?
kostjamrh I don't know if I would call that drum and bass, that's trip-hop before I would call it drum and bass.
kostjamrh But DJ Crush has almost called drum and bass.
kostjamrh It's a song I could imagine myself having sex to, which is always a good thing, so I give it a 9. Very nice.
kostjamrh Alright, let's get into song number 3 tonight. Loki, you picked song number 3. Loki, what did you pick for us?
I picked something completely last minute. I have not even listened to this yet.
So this is a suicide pick from Loki, basically.
Well, originally this week I had wanted to pick, like, a remix of the Contra theme, for some reason.
And I don't know why. I did download something, but it was too long.
It was, like, seven minutes long because it was kind of a medley.
But this is another remix. This is actually from Contra Shattered Soldier,
and the remix is called Spread Your Fire Against Me.
At first I thought this song was called Spread Your Legs, because I just saw the Spread Your.
Oh yeah, Spread Your Fire Against Me. It's by Brain Cells and Dennis.
It's song number three, and Loki better hope it's good or else it can't look like an ass.
Alright, here it is. Enjoy.
There's no sign of prophecy, I can't grab your hand
No way, by the time you call your mind, you can't put it in your hand
The day is hit, you nail your death, the night is by the door
And what are you, a moving star, having had it in you before?
I won't let you live and have no use to me
And I know you're driving me so high up against me
I will find you out of bed
And after all the road is raked on fire, all can see
Echos in the darkness, burning in the night
Fire in the darkness, all reaching destruction to survive
I am proud to be a star, to be fine, dying for the eyes
Careful, you are gone now, we see the fresh eyes
They won't learn from their different souls to defend tonight
The world is a hell of a new town
The world is a city
The world is a city
The spirit of time
I was left in prison
Asking every prayer to their kind
DIE!
I'm a bad ass total fighter
Where the fuck is you and stop it?
I look in the mirror and I'm still moving
Don't leave or I'll blow
Before you know it, you're dead
Speak to me, you're one
I'm fucking one
I will lose someone, get back to me
There is great time to be lost yet
I will just be a stranger
Still, I'm not your inspiration
I'm not
Song number three, God I love our challenge
Song number three, Brain Cells and Dennis with, uh, Spread Your Fire Against Me
Which apparently is a remix from Conquer Shattered Soldier, who knew?
Uh, let's see, does that make you want to spread your fire or spread your hate? I don't know, uh, DarkSucker, what'd you think?
It makes me feel like I should worship Satan or something. So it gets a minus 666.
Loki.
It gets a positive 666 to counteract the minus 666.
So it effectively has a zero?
Yes! Good thinking, Loki. Good thinking.
Um, that song does make me want to smoke crack and worship Satan.
Um, but, um, you know, actually it kind of reminded me of GWAR a little bit, and I started thinking about
GWAR is a lot cooler!
I know GWAR is a lot cooler, but didn't I just, like, imagine, like, these giant outfits?
Because the thing I love about GWAR, I like, I- fuck the music with GWAR, but, uh, just them getting up in those giant costumes and thrashing about
where they all look like Shao Kahn from Mortal Kombat, and they're on stage thrashing about, is really badass.
And so I kind of thought about that, and that made me giggle a lot.
So that song gets like a five to the number of times I laugh.
Alright, but it's not up to us. We are not the final judges.
You are. You kids that listen to this program out there and are in our chat room right now, you are the final say.
So let's see the three songs you get to vote for tonight.
Song number one as a reminder is Tess with The Second You Sleep, I Stay to Watch You Fade Away.
Anyway.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is DJ Crush and Astero with a song called
Final Home.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Brain Cells and Dennis with Spread Your
fire against me.
I've got a couple of DJ Crash CDs with different mixes of it on there.
It's a good time. I like it. I hope it does well, but we'll see. It's up to the chat room.
So send in your votes now. Well, it looks like we didn't get the plug pulled on us, so we get to continue to do a show here.
How's OLR Town going? Did you finally just close the gate and say fuck you all and now you and Jamie are playing?
No, but Harold's been the only one that's joined. So I am taking this time to write OLR
um, message in a bottle spam. Oh, propaganda.
Good, good thinking.
That was my idea.
What is this?
You guys are going to spam Orange Lounge Radio across Animal Crossing World by what, using
the bottle?
How does this work?
The message in the bottle, you basically write whatever you want, put it in the bottle and
drop it in the ocean.
Message in a bottle, message.
Pencilled.
Shush.
No.
Penfold.
Shush.
No, um, it's like supposed to go to somebody else's random village, so they'll get, you
should listen to Orange on radio because we said so.
Very cool.
We'll see if it works.
Alright, um, Loki, after the cage match is usually where I go over to you and I say,
hey, Loki, what's going on in the Sim scene?
And you usually will say nothing, but I thought I would humor this tonight and see what's
going on.
Are they encouraging people to use commercial MP3s for this?
No, they're encouraging people to use royalty-free MP3s or MP3s that have the permission of the artist to use.
So in other words, they'll be forced to come up with something original?
Something original.
I like this.
And then, um, so there's a contest going on there, and then I think, um, OSC4 was just finishing up.
And that's about it.
Oh, and, um,
Siberia Style 3 has been released, um, the StepMania theme.
Sexy. That's all I gotta say about that.
It's awesome looking.
Japanese, of course, because, you know, they kick ass when it comes to anything that has to do with DDR, SIMS, or whatever.
A lot more effort being put in there.
That's it. That's all that's going on in the world.
Well, tell me about something going on in the hack-and-crack world,
because we gotta fill time here while we get cage match votes, Tali.
Well, um, apparently...
Last call for cage match votes, Tali.
Homebrew, um, stuff, they've gotten it to run now through version 2.5 and 2.6,
using the same workaround that they've used to create that trainer for, um, Grand Theft Auto.
And so they're actually using that to port homebrew to the PSP on firmwares, you know,
2.5 and 2.6.
So what that means is probably there'll be another firmware coming out for the PSP to
break all that stuff.
And then what'll happen is they'll come out with something else to break that, and the
cycle keeps going on and on.
And other things, there's actually been some pretty cool stuff for like the 360 being put
on Xbox Live.
One of them being more downloadable cars for Ridge Racer 6, which makes me happy.
And those are free.
They've also added some music from the other games.
I saw some stuff, Warp Rider and stuff from, I think Ridge Racer for the PSP.
I'm sure that was in other ones as well.
But there's a lot of music in Ridge Racer.
There's like four virtual CDs worth of music on there, just really good stuff.
You know why I want an Xbox 360 is for that amazing seizure-inducing game that you showed
to me?
Geometry Wars?
Yeah, I want that, which is sad because you could do Geometry Wars on like a Nintendo
64.
That makes me motion sick.
Yeah, but I love those seizure-inducing games.
I mean, it's the amazing seizure geometry game.
I love it.
It's great.
It is pretty cool.
I don't know. Cameo's pretty fun. I've been playing that a little bit. Yeah? Yeah, it's
pretty cool. I am kind of digging it a bit. It's a little easy though, that's what I found.
But I'm sure it gets a lot harder throughout the game. It's still pretty. And then Ridge
Racer's really fun. I like that game a lot. And Call of Duty 2, the multiplayer, is really
fun in that. Just, I like the multiplayer a lot in that game. And, well, I don't know.
Just, overall pretty fun. I'm thinking about maybe picking up another game here. Not sure
what I want to pick up though. Maybe Need for Speed. Definitely going to get Dead or
live for when that comes out. Been actually pretty excited, um, they've been showing some
pictures for, um, full auto, and the demo's supposed to be up pretty soon for that, and
that one, oh, I can't wait for that one. Gettin' the blow up everything in the entire game.
Blow up everything, uh. But they have, seriously, they should just release a game for the PSP
called BLOW UP EVERYTHING or any system really, Xbox 360, I don't care. BLOW UP EVERYTHING.
I would totally buy it. And that's what the commercial should be for.
They sort of had a commercial like that for mercenaries. Mercenaries, when it came out
on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox, you know, that was the commercial. Blow up buildings. Blow
them up again. You know, blow up tanks. Fire rockets. You know, it was just the whole commercial
dedicated to that, and it was great.
It's a great idea.
It's like carpet you can munch outside.
Well, they have, like, they're talking about the PSP and being able to play it outside.
Have you ever tried to play PSP outside? You can't see shit on the screen outside.
Well, to be fair, it goes for most systems. You can't really see the DS outside.
Exactly, but why are they trying to push it that you can play it outside?
Which is why I never fucking understood.
Holy at night.
What was that fucking game on Game Boy Advance that was the sun? It was Konami and you had to do the sun.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Fuck that game. I mean, seriously, fuck it in its ear.
That was so stupid, that sun thing encouraging me to go outside.
I can't see my game when I go outside.
Well, actually that's the way he had to play it for those old systems that didn't have backlights, though.
The ones that do, though, you can't see them now.
Well, we're going to go to the break, kids, and when we come back I'm going to talk to you about who won the cage match.
And also, when we come back, we'll probably get into the FUs of the week.
Don't send them in just yet, but I know we have a little bit of angst.
We need to get out of our system, so we're going to do that.
And more random crap here on Orange Honors Radio when we come back.
In this break, the chat room requested some more happy.
So we have nothing but nauseously happy songs this break.
And for some reason, I don't have Jenny Ramen here, though.
I may have to fix that.
We'll see.
But I thought of something better than Jenny Ramen.
And we're going to start it off with that really annoyingly happy song
from In the Groove.
So we're going to start with that, and we'll be back with more Orange on Trio after this.
I am dripping with it, I love it I am dripping with it, oh I love it
I just need hot water and soap
Blushing on my body
Blow me a bubble and I'll give you a smack
Somewhere on your body
Oh cookie okey, oh yeah yeah
I'm a bubble dancer
Oh cookie okey, oh yeah yeah
Bubble Waffle Dancer
Oh, yeah, yeah
Bubble Waffle Dancer
I
Music
Now it's time to go!
Now it's time to go!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Oh
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of
the orange lounge big money music in Moore's show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
Unearthly. It's like being in a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
Hi, we're back here on Orange Launch Radio, and on that break you heard happy, happy, happy music.
Shusha, Cheer Train, and Bubble Dancer are on the break.
My name is Shusha. Remember Shusha? Anyway.
She gives everybody her kiss.
Yes, that's right. You know what I actually watched on TV?
I watched a little bit of Sabado Higante the other night.
If you watch this, it's on Univision, the local Univision station, which is the Spanish
language network.
Oh, I don't watch TV.
You have to make an exception for Spanish TV though, because there's some great shit
on Spanish TV.
Uche libre on Telemundo!
Telemundo, Telemundo, Telemundo!
I love that stuff, and they have the best talk shows.
Sure, I can't understand half the shit they're saying, but I can pick up enough words, I
kind of know what's going on, so it's just...
I do love Mexican wrestling.
Anyway, we decided that since we did do a happy, happy bouncy break, that we will actually
do a very dark, depressing break next, so that would be fun.
We're going to do our emo break next, so that would be fun.
We can kind of offset that a little bit there.
Anyway, and now they're having a discussion here in the chat room, talking about Sirius
versus XM, which are the dueling satellite radios here.
Now have you guys ever looked into getting satellite radio?
My new stereo is XM compatible, but I haven't.
You know, that's funny because mine is Sirius compatible, and I'm in the same boat where
I haven't really decided to get that.
I'm tempted though with the Stern thing.
Not that I'm a huge Howard Stern fan, but I think he's interesting, and I'd be interested
to hear what he has to say on the new show, but I'm sure they'll be all over the Internet
and stuff.
So, I've been tempted to get serious, but Dark Sakura says that we should get on satellite
radio, and I tend to agree, we should be on satellite radio, but you know, Adam Curry
has a show on, I think it's Sirius, and he does a show about podcasting, and I think
he plays clips from different podcasts and I've actually submitted our show months ago
I submitted that little promo we did to the show and never heard back so you know the
best way that you could hear us on one of these stations would be to email the fuck
out of these people and say hey have you heard of Orange Lawn's Radio you should include
them syndicate syndicate and it's tough too because when we first started our podcast
there was very few other gaming podcasts out there only a few people jumped on the bandwagon
And very, very few of them are still around.
I can only think of like, I think maybe two other podcasts I can think of that have been
around just as long, if not longer, than we are that are still going regularly.
A lot of them kind of tapered off.
But now there are literally like at least a hundred video game podcasts out there on
the internet right now.
So it's tough for us to stand out from the rest.
You know, it's getting pretty competitive out there.
But we shine.
Yeah, we try.
We try our best.
Our three shining personalities, hopefully, put us a little bit ahead of the others, but
it's tough.
So we really do rely on the word of mouth, and you know the voting on Podcast Alley and
Yahoo and all that other crap.
You know iTunes does voting now, too.
So those of you kids that use iTunes, go say some nice things about us on our iTunes listing.
And the link is right there on OrangeLunchRadio.com.
And that shit helps.
It really does, because it gets our little things bumped up a little bit, and then people
notice us, and it will help.
Not that we're all about being number one, because we're not.
We're not going to be number one, because we don't have the corporate backing and those
folks that have the corporate backing are always going to be number one.
We got the people's choice.
We did, we won that little thing, and that was nice, and that was strictly because of
our fans.
But we just want to have fun with this.
And we want to bring more people, because we're a very interactive show.
We like to think that's one thing that maybe sets ourselves also apart from the others,
is that we're a very interactive show. So, anyway, something to think about.
Shall we hear who won tonight's cage match, boys and girls?
Yes, let's!
All right, the winner of tonight's cage match was...
Tess, once again!
Because everybody loves some generic trance in their life.
Enjoy that, Tess. Actually, I like that song an awful lot. Can't say a lot negative.
although i was very disappointed at the voting turnout very few votes is the
lowest voting turnout i've seen
election day
okay so
more voting people's in change and get to get the word out there
uh...
uh...
c
but that that that uh... i'm trying to go to our chat room there that would be
that was on the dot com the fact about uh...
in the chair of the
they're talking
they're talking about uh...
Why are they talking about Don and Drew?
That podcast.
That's a very...
Or maybe they're trying to talk about podcasts that have been around.
I'm talking about strictly video game podcasts.
I know Don and Drew have been around since podcasting started.
That they were the first big name couple that got on the iPod thing and started talking
about their sex life or whatever it is they do.
I've only listened to a little bit of the show.
I'm going to be honest, kids.
I don't listen to a lot of podcasts.
I totally support podcasting.
I think podcasting is truly the wave of the future, and I support it, but as somebody
who's trying to put together an original podcast, I don't really listen to a lot of others.
Which is a little bit of a controversial standpoint, because you think I could stand to learn things
by listening to the podcast, but at the same time, I want to make sure our show is purely
original.
Well, Yanni doesn't listen to anybody else, so that all of his music is original.
But Yanni sucks.
Not really.
I like some of Yanni's music.
You know, I know. If you're into, you know, um, screaming, um, opera pigs, then, no, I'm
kidding. Yanni's good if you like that kind of music, but, um, I don't, so what are you
saying? We're the Yanni of podcasting? Only cooler.
Alright, uh, anyway, I'm feeling a little angsty, so I think it's time to get into the
FUs of the Week. What do you kids think? You want to do some angst? Anxed up, yo.
Alright, let's do some angst here. Dark Soccer, of course, you know I'm always
going to go over and start with you. Oh, by the way guys, you can submit your FUs of
the Week right now. Go to www.orangelandtrader.com and click on
chat and send a private message to Sky with your FU of the Week, if you have an
FU of the Week. But you know we got to get ours out first, because we are some
angsty motherfuckers. So, Dark Soccer, why is it we do the FUs of the Week every
every single week. Grr. Argh.
F you to the abundant amounts of rain, um, because, uh, you know, it just makes it really
hard to drive when everybody else on the road is being a big dipshit. Which is the case,
I've passed something like three accidents on the way here today.
Another F.U. goes, of course, to the plague for not releasing me from its evil grip lately.
Another one goes toward my utter lack of appetite for being sick because I've dropped fifteen
pounds in the month and a half, so like none of my clothes fit me anymore, and I can't
really afford to go buy new ones right now.
Um, F.U. to the rock that flew off of the road and landed in my windshield and then
cracked two days later so that now I have a big split across the lower half
of my windshield from one end to the other and have to pay to have my
windshield replaced. So uh that really uh sort of hacks me off and uh a nephew goes to the
general stupidity on the internet but that's what he expected. Okay I'm done. Oh yeah one
I'd like to second the stupid driver FU. I keep seeing torrential rain coming down and
people driving with their headlights off still or in the fog and they're driving extremely
fast in the fog without their headlights on and then they wonder why they get in the car
accents, the stupid people out there. Also, I want to say if fuck you to the whole launch
lineup for the 360, because there's not that much that's out there that I want to get,
and I'm kind of dying to get another game. And then, finally, fuck Best Buy for just
overall sucking and
you know unfortunately i do have a hundred dollars
gift card to best buys and i actually go there but
i just don't like them
they're starting to get very corporate i really don't like that where they're
starting to push you know their stupid premium uh...
like their replacement plans and all that crap and the whole you know geek squad
it's just a very bad vibe
best buy used to be cool i don't know what happened
that's it
the man happened seriously
uh... i would say in my F.U. I'm going to third the F.U. because it seems like to
driving because when it seems like it starts raining in the state
uh... people forget how to drive
uh... so F.U. to that. F.U. to the fact that i've got like a million and one
things i need to do this next week and not enough time to do it
F you to just angst in general and not feeling happy with certain things and where you're at and just
God, haven't all this bullshit happened to me around Christmas?
What is it about the fucking holidays? What is it about winter time that just makes the shit hit the fan? I hate it.
So 2005 can go on and get the fuck out of here because we need a new year.
I need a clean slate and I need time to get all my errands done so I don't have to work all freaking day. It's getting old.
Alright. Anyway. That's that.
Let's go to the chat room, shall we? Let's see what our chat room angst is tonight.
Ron Chen would like to say F you to my job for keeping me late tonight for work and an F you to me
for not taking my TV to the shop sooner since now I have no TV here.
NintendoManiac64 says F you to more Mario Kart DS disconnectors.
F you to a deer hitting our van and taking out half of its grilling, killing the left light.
If you to Sony die already like your products do
Dark Tatsuya says f you to ultra mix 3 again first rainbow flyer now gamland a couple when will PlayStation 2 fans finally get the love
Soccerina says f you to requesting Sabrina from pop
We could never get to play. I don't know if I have it good
Maybe somewhere and f you to being nervous and not approaching girls final f you or fuck you almighty snow god
yet snow while Oregon does what the fuck you make me want to listen to
Rizlin remix you pitiful being Popeanda21 says F you to crappy heavy
metal crap and to panda burritos not polluting the world with their goodness
what and F you to my rainbow queen of the cosmos strap-on for being broken
Xander C says F you to well nothing I'm happy tonight very happy oh I know F you
an F.U. to my dependence on sleep. And some F.U. is coming from Sharks Girl. F.U. to miles
12 to 22 of the marathon because hot damn, not only was it hard, but they friggin' ran
out of ice in Hawaii. 80 degrees and 10 miles is bad with no ice, but dammit, I did it.
And that was our last F.U. tonight. And congratulations to Sharks Girl, by the way, for running that
a marathon there. That's some good stuff. That's a long way to, I mean, God, I've done
the six mile marathon and I thought that was bad, but 22, that's, oh, shit, that's a lot.
All right, NintendoMateX64 also wants to add FU to Rainbow, I'm thinking Rainbow Road,
in Mario Kart DS. Seriously, the first ten seconds to side the entire race. That's it,
no more FUs. None. You're done. You're cut off. All of you. I want nothing but happiness
from here on out. Except for the break. Yeah, except for the break, which will be emo. Which
I'm very excited about. So we're getting down to the wire here. It's almost the end of the
year. You know, the next time we do a live show is going to be 2006, I think, because
we're not going to be here next week live. I think we're going to have a tape thingamabobber
going on. What is, Dark Soccer's F'd Up Christmas, or what are we going to do next week? I don't
remember. We're going to pre-tape some fucking stuff.
Yeah, we need to do, uh...
I think we should do the most fucked up Christmas songs we can find
and, like, Christmas Speed.
Oh, fuck Christmas Speed, seriously, I fucking hate that CD. Good, we should play it.
Alright, so we'll do the Orange Laundry O Merry Fucking Christmas
special. Yeah. Ugh, I don't have that to look forward to.
Uh, and then now what? New Year's? We're gonna be here on New Year's Day, right? We'll be back on New Year's Day.
Because nobody does anything on, like, New Year's Day. Unless, um,
like still drunk. Let's see, here's the thing is that
New Year's Day, guess what? Loki has that Monday off work.
I have that Monday off work. You know what this means. We're going to kick off 2006
and what could, would that be 169 or that would be 168?
Well you know what we could do? Well I don't know that I should be making this
suggestion on the air. Try me. Who cares? Who cares?
Well I'm sure you both are invited to Julie's thing at her condo.
But I was thinking I could bring my laptop, I might be able to record a little something something when the new year comes up.
Because I'm making apple pie.
Now I want to try some of that apple pie, that sounds good.
You know I heard if you drink a whole thing of cough syrup that you'll hallucinate.
We should try that live on here.
Except I don't like cough syrup.
You go first.
My cough syrup will make you hallucinate, it's got Vicodin in it.
Kids, don't follow our example please.
We'll do something fun for the New Year's Day show.
That'll be fun.
More drinking.
You know, DDR Freak is not doing their top DDR songs of the year or whatever, so maybe
we'll have to pick up the slack.
I need to talk to Iggy and see if we can steal that from DDR Freak, since they're apparently
not doing one this year, because they would have done it by now, right?
Because that poll ran, like, what, all of December?
I'm going to have to talk.
She's still doing the radio station.
That's public news now.
They posted that.
forms, but she's still doing her radio, right? We'll talk to Iggy. We'll invite Iggy to get
drunk with us, why not? That would be fun, I'll get drunk. Be good times.
Uhm... let's see... episode 200 of orange launch radio shows up next year... op, that's
gonna be crazy. Man, we've been doing this for a while.
What's interesting is, you know what else this kind of marks 3 years, actually it'll
be one more week but in this next week what Christmas Eve is this next week
right this marks three years three years since DDR extreme came out in arcades
that mix is officially three years old now and they say three years since DDR
essentially died in the arcades so sad I mean they've had a good life at home but
in the groove is out and whether you love it or hate it it's trying to pick
up the slack that you know DDR kind of left behind in the arcades and then the
home mix is a whole nother story we'll see I mean that maybe this will be the
year but of course we said that last year yeah and what happened no nah nada
although they did awesome did they have some good home mixes this year I mean
they've been giving us the love with the home mix extreme 2 was good
ultramix 3 was a little could have been better some of us were more arcade
players than we were the problem with what's going on is that you know and
To end the group's credit, whether you love it or hate it, what it's trying to do is it's
trying to keep that arcade scene going, and that is how, let's face it, that is how we
all met, the three of us here that do the show.
We met around a DDR machine, because it used to be the kind of thing that would attract
people to come together and play and have a good time together, and we'd all meet at
the arcade at a certain night, we'd have a, what do we call it, Bomani Night or DDR Night,
I don't remember what we called it.
to do Wednesday's over Roseville Golf Land, and you know doing the arcade thing
and that's kind of how we all met but now that's kind of gone. Although some
arcades have enough of an in the groove community where that is kind of picked
up to slack and I don't know I never really got into in the groove but maybe
that's because maybe that's not necessarily in the grooves fault. This is
something I was thinking about maybe it's not necessarily in the grooves
fault, that I'm not into it, maybe it's the arcades in this town's fault because
honestly the only arcade that has in the groove in this town kind of sucks for
gatherings because I'm afraid I'm gonna get shot every time I go there so you
know I think that's part of the bigger problem why we don't have that community
at least in this town but I hear it's good doing well in other towns so who
knows this is a good point for us to do the emo break now that I'm getting all
emotional only go with the emo break remember kids down the road not across
the street that's right all right so we're gonna do some emo and we'll be
back with more Orange Lounge radio and what will you do you want to do some
Ask Orange Lounge when we come back? Why not? I want to do some best ofs, although we have to save some of that for the podcast too, we'll do some best ofs as
well in this break let's start it off with I think this song is pretty fucking
depressing so we're gonna start off with a little bit of silhouette of my mind
this is definitely an emo song so we'll be back with more as this is we did a
happy break we're gonna do the depressing as fuck break and then we'll
So enjoy this, and we'll be back with more Orange Launch Radio.
I need you, I need you
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight...
Thanks for watching!
I'm just so crazy, I'm considered a tree The thoughts they start to come to me
All my pain, all my shame They actually make my way
Just to go straight to the center of my heart
I am frozen from the sound
I am the best, I am real
I am scary, I'm insane
I'm a loner, I am cold
I feel fresh when people come home
I am nothing, I am dead
I am scary, I'm in pain
I'm in order, I am home
I feel infected when people don't know
And when I say I'm already gone Will I forget everything I've got so far?
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
No!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani radio.
Welcome back, boys and girls.
I hope you enjoyed that break of sadness and tragicness.
Deutz de Fatima.
Ghosts, I am gothic and silhouette of my mind.
That was a pretty emotional break, I think I had a movement in my bowels during that
break.
We're going to do a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge, but first actually we're going to
go to our Skype line and open it up one more time there.
It's www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on interact with us if you wish to call the show.
And oh look, we're already getting a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, hey, hey, it's Ron Shawn.
Hello Ron-Chan, how are you my friend?
I'm good, how are you guys?
Good, what's on your mind?
I have a couple of things I want to talk about real quick.
First, I played Flow, the urban dance groove.
Can you get yourself a little closer to your mic by the way, we're having a hard time hearing you.
But you got to play Flow?
Yeah, the urban dance groove. Much better, okay, how was that?
It's Def Jam meets Dance Dance Revolution.
Is this a good thing or a bad thing?
I don't know. At first I felt kind of offended it was so bad, but yet it was just so funny.
What kind of songs are in this game?
There's a lot of old-school stuff like this, and there's a lot of new-school stuff I've never heard of.
That's cool. How is the interface? How is the design of the game? Does it flow?
Pretty much it does. The dance steps are a little bit too easy, though.
Really? No really hard mode or anything?
I think the levels are like DDR Mario Mix.
Ooh, that's no good. Well, okay, but I guess if you're new to
dance games, which maybe they're thinking the target audience for Flow is
or is not the same group that plays DDR or whatever, I don't know,
maybe that's just a warm-up. I don't know.
I don't even know what UbiSoft is thinking
because I remember one day I'm coming home and I see fliers for 187 ride or
die and that game was really horrible. I think they're trying to get
black people to play video games more or something like that. Do black people
already play video games? I don't know. Yeah. But this is the French, what do they
know but but what this is the French what do they know Wow okay a lot of
people a lot of black people play video games I don't at least when I watch the
video game video game Awards on Spike TV I would have thought only black people
play games for the parts I watched I don't know if it was just me I tell you
When I play DDR, I know I don't feel alone when I play.
Anyway, okay, raised stuff aside, how does Flow stack up?
Is it a worthy purchase for the music game fan, or is it a piece of crap?
Wait till it drops to 19.
Wait till it drops to 19, is that with...
Oh no, because it's for PlayStation, right?
Yeah.
Okay, so that you can get the pads set away, okay.
Wait for it to drop to 19.
has a question can you crunk in the game only when you buy a 40 ounce to go with
it nice all right anything else going on in the world around him a couple of
things to answer Loki's question I've actually seen people drink a full bottle
of pork syrup and get crazy at the raves did you hear that Loki you've seen
people drink the bottle of cough syrup and get crazy at the raves just you know
So listen to Rebel Testament, MC Chris.
And this one is for you, Jamie.
I was coming home off of work tonight and this kid was asking his mom about getting
GTA.
And she's like, no, you can't get it because you're too young for it, end of story.
So he starts getting all mad and she's like, I'm going to ask my father to get it.
She's like, well, you do that, you're still not going to get it, don't tell him not to.
And then he goes, you know what, fuck you, I'm gonna get it anyway.
The next part was priceless.
She grabbed him by his baggy pants, like, you wanna say fuck you, you wanna say fuck
you?
She proceeded to beat his ass.
That is beautiful.
Good.
That is a mama doing her job.
Nothing good like a good old public humiliation to put a kid in his place.
That is our mom of the week, we don't know a name for the mom?
No, because I was just walking up and down the platform waiting for my train and I just
started listening into the conversation.
What does mom look like?
Big mama, that's all you need to know.
Big mama is our mom of the week, congratulations.
Orange Andrey does mom of the week.
You know, we should solicit these parent stories for like parents of the week.
I think that would be a good feature maybe a little later on, like our parents of the
week.
We should do the yo mama of the week.
Yo mama of the week, I like that.
Awesome.
what oh she's playing Animal Crossing here lets see she has she has donated a
crucial cut to blacker's and bladder says when I hear crucial carp I think to
myself taco indeed fish taco lot wat that just cracks me up
go you can see where the show is is gone as a half our shows being done in
animal crossing tonight actually now you got me thinking of ytmnd you know we
should take a picture of that or something and get it on get it on the ytmnd
I hate those things what is there some good stuff on ytmnd this week because I don't
follow ytmnd but I know you do what's some good stuff on the good man now dog
the foreign DuckTales translations foreign DuckTales translations yeah
kostjamrh And there's one where it sounds like they are saying TACO NAZI
gengiscon gengiscon gengiscon
that i will have a good one my friend, thank you for calling in
bye
alright
that was fun
we're going to get into Ask Orange Lounge in a little bit
but first i'm going to log in the live channel so I can get that link here that
DarkSakura posted there in her blog
now what
i gotta bring it up here though so that i can
get the audio out now tell us again what this thing is all about here that we're going to watch
the proper way to uh... eat sushi um... even directions as to how you enter the
place
to how you pour your beer for people
and really a lot of that is just
polite custom but it's really over blowing it
it's really funny it totally makes fun of a lot of things that people do at sushi
restaurants
now it's not
super long is it
uh...
We'll let it kind of start here, and if it's too long, then we'll just kind of...
Might have to translate.
The snack most commonly associated with Japan.
A shop that sells sushi is called a sushi-a.
Most Japanese eat at one every day.
This is the entrance to a sushi-a.
To pass through the short curtain called Noren, from the lower left corner of the third partition,
find the spot 3.2 inches up at an angle of 48 degrees, place your hand like this and
peel open.
If you arrive less than 30 minutes before closing, ask, are you still open?
On entering the premises, inside, two people, this is the number in your group, in a group
of three, say, three people, in a group of four, say, okay, this is getting boring, when
does this get good?
It's just the whole thing is silly, you should always show a little guilt in your eyes if
you're alone.
Why would you be guilty if you're alone, what if you're on business or something?
You know, we actually, we used to have a place here locally called Sushiya, so I think that's
kind of funny though.
I know, I'm sad that Sushiya is closed.
You have to ask people to save my day.
These two men look like they're going to get it on.
No.
They were hella flirting.
Did you see that?
Is this seat taken?
I was supposed to do this in the chat room.
Yeah, post the link in the chat room.
It's hilarious.
All right.
That would be fun.
I had Blanca that came in my town.
I think someone sent them to Crevin and Rebelton.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question, where will we find out this week on Orange
Lounge Radio?
Will we find out the best of 2005 or is the best yet to come in the next two weeks?
nintendo maniac 64 says hey loki what do you think about gay sex
now that's one of the best jokes of 2005 right there one of the best orange
lounge radio jokes of 2005
you don't have a response to that loki?
uh... gay sex that's sex and gay
hey loki what do you think about gay sex?
it's so much fun
there you have it
uh... sky what do you think about big dick
what the fuck kind of question is that
its size is relative
it's not the size it's how you use it
uh... when you hear my name
well username nintendo maniac sixty four what about me do you think of
the fact that you like nintendo i mean i don't know
I think about all that fucking snaking that you do in Mario Kart DS.
What language is the best other than English?
I like this question.
What language is the best other than English?
Swahili.
Loki?
What's the best language?
Other than English.
Finnish.
Other than English?
Swedish.
I would say Pig Latin.
I am going to say something on record.
I am taking flash next semester.
She's going to make her own YTMNDs, I'm very excited about that.
No I'm not, I'm going to make something special.
Rini would like to know, is Akira Yamaoka gay?
I hope not, because he's going to be my next husband.
I saw this on some web forum, they were seriously debating if he was gay or not.
I could swear that there's some interview out there, and Rice Princess pointed this
out to me where he said that the first song he wrote or one of the songs he wrote on piano
was about some girl. So I don't think he's gay and when I, you know, I am gay so I have
gaydar. When I met him, cause I actually met him at E3 a couple years ago, he didn't strike
me as gay. So, does it really matter though? He struck me as hot. Does it really matter
if he's gay? Although the shirt he wore was kinda gay. I mean that was gay. But, but that's
okay. I don't really care if he's gay or not. He just, he can make good music. But I know
I know that's a big controversial thing on the internet right now. Who cares?
What is the...oh, maybe that's why we got rid of this microphone. This is the buzzing
microphone. We'll see. And what is the ultimate Bahmani song when listened to in moderation?
Ooh, the ultimate Bahmani song. What do you think? The ultimate Bahmani song. Dark Sakura.
My butt, the ass mix. Stop.
i don't know
still like uh...
was that uh... moving on
i have a real fun place for drifting away
but also love love love and i'd just as you have to be in moderation i could
just listen to some repeat all day long skulk
from Ultimix 2. I just, I absolutely love that song. Love it!
Sockarena wants to know, how does one know if he or she has an STD? More
precisely, how do you get it checked?
How does one know if he or she has an STD?
Well, there are signs.
There's lots and lots of different types of STDs, so the best way to find out
really is to get tested.
Get tested for STDs, and that's how you're going to know, because the doctor can shove
something in your peehole
and find out that way. Or, you know, there's tests. You can do blood tests and things.
It just depends what STD you're looking for. I mean, crabs. Well, if your pubes itch a
lot and there's little things bouncing. No, not really. You can't always see it. You probably
have crabs. If something's wrong, go to the doctor. If you're itchy, use a cream. You
can look up symptoms on a site like WebMD, or I can tell you from my background, I work
for an insurance company. A lot of insurance companies have, well, oh wait, you're Canadian
So I don't know what to tell you. Never mind. I forgot he's Canadian.
So it's an entirely different ball game.
I don't know if they have advice, nurses, some things like that in Canada,
but if they have something like that, check it out.
They can call on the phone, because they have that here.
Insurance companies have that.
Anything else you want to add, Loki?
I just want to add that I drew a penis on Blanca's face,
and this will be going to some random user's DS out there,
I'm glad that a little kid's gonna see a penis on Blanca's face, and it's gonna have my credit
to it.
Good job.
Xander C. wants to know, why aren't more people happy?
I'm happy, so should everyone else be to happy.
But if they think about geometry, they should want to kill people, like me, because I am
the cool, right?
Dude, what drugs are you on, seriously?
No, I don't know.
What kind of things make you happy?
That's what I want to know.
I'm changing this question a little bit. What makes you happy?
Loki, what makes you happy?
Um...
Pleasure makes me happy.
Like world pleasure makes you happy?
Any pleasure makes me happy.
Okay. Dark Sakura, what makes you happy?
Um...
A day off of work.
I'm surprised you didn't say fire.
Well, I like fire, but I can get that anytime I want it.
You know, it's like sex.
So, but I can't always get a day off of work when I want it.
So, a day off of work just to do whatever I want to.
You know what makes me happy?
ABBA.
ABBA makes me happy.
ABBA makes everybody happy.
You cannot help but be happy listening to ABBA.
You didn't send this song to me, by the way. You didn't.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Moving on.
Actually-
What?
I know it makes me happy.
Oh.
Dare.
By the Gorillaz?
Yeah.
Or like Truth or Dare.
Truth or Dare can make me happy when, you know, things go my way.
I play Truth or Dare.
Never mind.
Because now with my new stereo, that song sounds completely fabulous in my car, and
I get really hyper and drive fast.
My car makes me happy, too.
All right.
Neodude Zero.
Hey, did you hear about all the new games in development for the DS?
One will raise your IQ as you play it, and the other teaches little girls how to orgasm.
That one's not coming out, it's a conceptual game.
I'm sorry not not vagina. It's not a statement. It's vagina
Tasty
What I don't know what you want me to say
Thank you for bringing us to crashing the hall good job you broke our show good job
So, since you broke our show, here's some more ABBA to make us happy again.
This show is just getting weird.
More ABBA.
No, we need more cowbell.
Please don't hear the reverb.
So, please don't fear the reaper.
You can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life.
Okay, this show's gotten too gay. Sorry. Too gay.
NintendoManiac64 says, can I erase someone in Mario Kart DS?
I won't even snake, but I will powerslide insanely on turns, so fear.
Unfortunately, they bring my Mario Kart DS.
Yeah, I have a copy of Mario Kart DS in the other room, but I'm too busy playing Final
Fantasy Advance 4.
If I'm going to turn that fucking thing on, I'm beating Final Fantasy Advance 4, because
I haven't beaten a video game in forever.
I love Final Fantasy 4, too.
It's so great.
So great.
Alright, but ask our chat room.
Because maybe you'll find some people in there that would want to play you.
Trade your friend code. We have a post in the forum now, right?
We have a forum post over there on orange-trader.com where you can trade your friend codes, right?
I actually did one specifically just for friend codes in all of the available games.
Because we had one for Mario Kart DS, but since more and more games are going to come out that have friend code adding ability,
I thought I'd just put it up there.
Good deal.
But be sure in that thread you say who you're adding, because in a lot of these games you
have to have both people on the list, so make sure you say who you're adding.
Alright.
Oh yeah, there's those other websites too, DSmeet, and I want to say, one of our listeners,
Big Red Pimp, had another one that's a popular DS meeting site, but you know, stick to the
Orange Lounge Cult.
Let's stick to our forums.
Lucien had another question and the question was, Waterloo?
I could do this all night you guys, I could do it all night long.
ACM Buddy Paul wants to know, Sky are you the dancing queen?
Actually I'm a terrible dancer actually.
No, no, no, this is great because Rob Haddad does the choo-choo dance, that's the only
way I can describe it.
Actually, I think it was Eddie or somebody used to label me as, I would roll down the
window when I dance.
When I play DDR, I'm always rolling down the window, the choo-choo dance.
I had never really seen you do the choo-choo dance until we went to asylum.
And now keep in mind, this is the goth night at one of our local clubs, and they played
Girls and Boys.
I had to go back in there because it was a blur.
And Rob gets out there and does a choo-choo dance, and I'm sitting there just watching
and I'm drunk off my ass. Singing along while Rob's doing the choo-choo dance is funny.
It's not so much the choo-choo dance as it is the white people dance. You know, somebody
needs to teach me how to dance. See, I needed to be, I need to befriend, is this a movie
somewhere maybe? I needed to befriend a black person with rhythm to teach me how to dance
and like I enter a competition and win a lot of money. Is that White Men Can't Jump?
I don't know no the only thing I remember about that movie is what's her
name who decided that she was gonna be on Jeopardy that's the only thing about
that movie I remember I don't know I don't remember any of that I actually
ever saw that movie something I should probably share there I never even saw
that movie some folks in the chat room are getting a little angsty because
are playing so much ABBA, and they want to hear some disco prints from WeHawk Heart Katamari,
I don't know, maybe like as alternate disco, so.
That's all you get.
That reminds me, me and Mike Katamari comes out to BSP this week for the Japanese.
Which means I'll have it.
Really?
This week?
Yeah, the 22nd.
Sweet!
That's awesome.
No more ABBA requests. Stop ABBA- God damn, now I have all these requests for ABBA.
The secret of me and my Katamari is that all the music is going to be done by me and my...
They didn't do... Yeah, they did, didn't they?
Yes, they did.
I have a really cool song that they did, though, that wasn't in DDR. Maybe I'll put it in the cage match one day.
If I haven't already.
Was that, uh... Were they the ones that did LionEddie? No, no, that's SmileDK.
No, they did, um, uh, Takeiro.
Oh, yeah, I like that song.
Sounds pretty.
Good times.
Good times.
All right, well, we're going to close up the old Ask Orange Lounge, and you know what?
We're getting towards the end of show.
I know we still got about a few more minutes, but honestly, I feel that we're running out
of steam here, and we have a phone call we have to make before we get into the podcast
too.
So we got to call it a show, guys.
Thank you so much for tuning in and listening tonight, and I'm glad we didn't get the plug
pulled on us.
That's good.
That's always good news to not get the plug pulled on us.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is, I just found the money rock.
Good job.
My final thought is, um, time.
Need more.
Darkstalker, your final thought?
Um, reject false icons and someone give me a cure for the plague.
Alright.
That's gonna do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio, the final word of the show, one word to sum it all up.
Next week we will not be live but we will be doing something taped so if you're around
tune in anyway.
And of course stay tuned to the podcast we will have a new podcast one way or the other
we have to figure out how we're going to tape that but we'll do that one way or the other
and that's that.
Then we'll see you back here on New Year's Day for the first orange laundry deal of 2006
live and maybe some drinking going on we'll see what happens if you're good.
And then episode 166 now we have a fun month ahead of us.
We sure do.
Alright the final word of the show one word to sum it all up.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Holy night, holy night.
Holy sky, holy sprite.
Once your frozen mother was shot
Holy infant so tender and white
Sleep in heavenly peace
Sleep in heavenly peace
Heav'nly, all singing, Hallelujah
Christ the Son, send away all
Christ the Savior with all
Silent night, holy night, holy sky, holy sky.
Roaring, rushing, mother and child.
Holding in her soul, in the well of mine.
Sleep in heavenly peace.
Thank you very much for listening,
and we'll see you next week.
