Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition week of December 19th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
Your podcast host for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello, everybody. Once again, welcome to Orange Lounge Radio To Go,
that podcast dedicated to video games and gaming.
We especially like to talk about games that don't suck but you know once in a
while we got to bring up games that do suck because we have to tell you to
avoid them like the plague and I'm happy to report that I have escaped the plague
I'm not sick anymore I'm feeling a lot better than I was last week for our
50th episode but over there Dark Sakura how you doing you still a little plaguey
Dark Sakura? I'm still the carrier of the evil plague. Are you are you infected? I'm
infected but I don't think that I have the t-virus anymore because I haven't
started trying you know to eat my husband for dinner oh good that's good
you know I haven't been sniffing his spicy brains yeah you've gone seven
weeks without doing that huh yeah I've actually gone seven weeks without eating
much of anything but hey leaves me more money to spend on games there you go
Loki won't get to your games in a minute Loki um how you doing I'm still a bit
congested, yes. But mostly plague-free, like 99.7% plague-free. Yes, 99.9% plague-free,
but I did think I had the t-virus because I did eat my fiancé, so. You need to not
bring that on the show. My name is Rob Roberts, also known as Skye, and I will be going back
to a cleaner subject, such as, how was your gaming week? Dark soccer. And that's a clean
subject huh yes dark Sakura lots of lots of animal cross oh I'm sorry I don't
want to talk too much about Animal Crossing I know guess what I played
Animal Crossing anything else not really because last week was finals mm-hmm
however I did do something game related mm-hmm and I can post link to this on
our forums which people should be visiting of course at Orange Jones
radio.com but I did a game a slipcover and back cover for Silent Hill the movie
the game the irony is that I was doing a game based off a movie based off the
game is that like Street Fighter 2 the movie the game except it doesn't suck
ass but this is not a real game let's just get that clear but our
illustrator project was to either do a CD like music CD or game CD so I picked
Silent Hill the movie the game. I'm telling you you need to do that poster project. You should take that
Concept and make it like a poster or you know what hell with it. Just send that in as your poster
See what happens. You never know what might happen. I'd have to do a whole lot more to it
However, it did give me some ideas for the poster
So perhaps I'll make a project of that get that done though, cuz you know, you know the deadlines fast approaching
I know anything else you've been playing this one
No Silent Hill 3 no sexy beam, you know
I because all I did was work on my final projects for the first half of the week. Mm-hmm
I honestly have not had time but however now that schools let out I do have more time to play games and actually
Hunting down myself and health three strategy guide right now because I need the map for the level of in
I'm in still in the hospital. I do have to ask an Animal Crossing question
I don't want to go into Animal Crossing ad nauseam again this week
But didn't you say there was a baby lost in your village and you you didn't you sell the baby to Tom Nook or something?
I was trying to sell, I wanted to sell the baby to Crazy Red to sell on the black market,
but he wasn't there, and so Loki rescued him and brought him back to his mommy.
Aww, that's very nice. Good to hear.
Yeah, but I did sell some furniture.
Alright. Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was diverse. I played some Animal Crossing as well.
Actually, my fiancé's been taking that and playing it at work during her downtime.
But, um, I've been playing the usual games, like Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories,
and we've actually been, we've got another person in now, so we have five-player death
matches every, um, twice a day.
And that's really fun.
I thought four was the most you could have.
Six.
Oh, nice.
Six is the most.
And we are, we're lining up our sixth person, so it's gonna be awesome.
Um, so that's pretty cool.
Um, and then during lunches I've been playing Call of Duty 2 death matches, so it's a whole
day filled with death matches at my work.
And that game's actually really cool. I'm very pleased with it. I haven't played much
of Perfect Dark. Did play a little bit of Cameo. That was really cool. Still pretty
easy. But overall, decent game for a launch, I guess.
What does Cameo really like?
It's a platform game. Definitely.
What does that mean? Does it mean like a Crash Bandicoot type of game or what? Spyro type?
That's kind of a question.
Platforming basically a lot of jumping, figuring out puzzles, killing things, and not really
much in the collecting stuff, but it's just kind of your normal, you know, like Mario
64 minus all the, you know...
Okay, I gotcha.
Yeah.
I gotcha.
Actually, I did have one thing to add that's related to Loki's Week.
What's that?
It gave me Papa Locross.
Ah, for the PSP.
And I'm going to be playing the hell out of it.
Alright, well then I expect a full review next week, young lady.
Absolutely. Oh, ow. I sucked my thumb out and I popped my elbow.
Oh, if only we were TV sometimes. Anyway, anything else, Loki?
Um, other than that, no. I haven't played anything else.
Um, I will not be talking about Animal Crossing this week in my gaming week because
Animal Crossing got the boot for my DS. Actually, it didn't. It's still sitting there in the top
slot, but it's sitting there completely unloved
because a new game went into the bottom slot on my DS and that was
Final Fantasy IV Advance I picked up earlier this week.
I have not stopped playing it since I got it, and I
I was amazed because here I am thinking
how am I gonna get a lot of play out of this game that's 14 years old? I mean
literally this game is like
probably older than that, but in the US it's about 14 years old, so the last time I
played through the game I would have been what, 13?
Show my age there a little bit. I was 13 the first time I played through this game, and I really
haven't played through it since. I touched on it a little bit when I was on
PlayStation in the
Final Fantasy Chronicles pack that came out, but I never really got super into it because
I couldn't stay on the loading times before the battle, even though it wasn't that bad.
It was bad enough.
But now, since there are no loading times on this, it's so awesome.
I'm rediscovering this classic, classic game, and Final Fantasy IV is a classic title.
If you are into roleplaying games in any form, you must respect what this game did for future
roleplaying games.
must play a game if you did not play through it before. Now, I'm sure a lot of folks are
thinking, well, what the hell makes this worth buying again if I already had this before?
And the answer is that the script, which right there ought to sell this, because if you played
Final Fantasy II on Super Nintendo with the original translation, the nice thing is they
kept that line intact as a throwback to the fans. It's still You Spoonie Bard, because
I've gotten through that part again. I've put in like five or six hours on that game.
Diesel's already a paladin, I've played that game a lot, that's been my week pretty much.
But they changed the script to put all the emotion and words and story really back into
the game.
It's kind of like before, you just had from point A to point B. You had the words that
got you from point A to point B, but now it's really fleshed out and the story carries more
emotion.
And it's amazing when you consider this 2D game is emotional, but it's great.
I can't say enough things about it.
They put all the original moves back into it,
so a lot of folks, like, you know when you go
and you become a paladin for the first time,
you have to fight yourself as a dark knight,
but when you first played it on the Super Nintendo,
the dark knight did a move,
like you did this wavy beam move,
and you're like, what the hell?
How come I couldn't do that before?
Well now, you can.
They put that move back in,
because that was in the original Japanese game,
you can do that again.
So it's great, because they put all these old moves back in,
And the game is 14 years old.
You probably haven't touched this game in a long time.
Maybe you have through the use of emulators,
but I'm betting 95% of the people that listen to this show
and play Final Fantasy II
haven't touched it in the 14 years since.
Now's the time to go back and rediscover it.
And I know a lot of people are saying,
why the hell didn't they do this sooner?
Why didn't they put this on the Game Boy Advance
when the advance was first out?
I don't know, they probably should have.
But when you think about it,
the fact that it's been 14 years
since the original Final Fantasy IV,
it was called Final Fantasy II here,
This really is the chance for a whole new generation to discover Final Fantasy IV and
the awesome game that it is.
And now is the chance.
And I say seize that opportunity.
I give this game my highest recommendation.
It is a must-play game if you are into role-playing games in any capacity.
Even if you aren't, you need to give this one a try.
Besides, even if you're thinking about it, what else is there to buy that's coming out
this month?
Gauntlet?
I played Gauntlet at E3, it looks okay,
but you know what? I don't care about anything else until I beat Final Fantasy 4.
And you know what? For the next two weeks, you're probably gonna hear me saying this.
All I played was Final Fantasy 4.
Sorry, I have to do this. This is my childhood coming back.
To ask you, do you know if it's a port
of the WonderSwan version? I don't know,
because I don't know enough about the WonderSwan version. I can tell you that it is not
Easy Type. It is the original Japanese because
You can... I'm sorry, you don't have a heal potion, you have like the gold needle, the
Maiden's Kiss.
Everything is split up like that. Palimporum, you will be able to bring back.
That's the other big catch about this game is that
you can switch your characters now. Later in the game, any character that
disappeared you couldn't use in the final zero miss battle,
Edward, Palimporum, Yang, you get to bring them all back. They'll be in Mesidia, waiting
for you to switch out.
And apparently there's two new dungeons as well. I haven't even gotten to that point yet,
so I'm just, I'm giddy
about getting to that point. That's pretty cool. Well, um, is, I remember, um,
because you remember when I was back in my, my WonderSwan everything phase? Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. WonderSwan was, I, I don't know why they never tried that here, but, well,
maybe because Nintendo's so dominating, I don't know.
Well, I, I picked up the Final Fantasy, the first one, the WonderSwan package.
Let's back up a minute, because I'm betting that probably a good portion of our
listeners don't even know what the hell a WonderSwan is. What is a WonderSwan?
It was, um, Bondai's handheld system.
In fact, just to point out something, if anyone's ever seen the Street Fighter OAV anime, the one with Sakura and everything, at the end of it, she's playing Street Fighter on a regular Wonderswan.
So, there's a point of reference.
But it was not released here, in the US. It was only in Japan.
Right, and when Dan and I found out that we were releasing the first Final Fantasy with a special limited edition Wonderswan, we was like, okay, that's ours.
I thought the Wonderswan one came out over here, like, very limited.
No, that was Neo Geo Pocket Color that we got.
that we got.
No, there was something else. Maybe it was Tiger Electronics thing. They had like a
portable system, I thought.
Regardless, even if it did come out in some limited capacity, I'm betting half our listeners
don't even know of its existence.
Like, the good Digimon games were on WonderSwan. There was, uh,
actually, uh, Rockman and Bass were on, uh,
the old WonderSwan. And there's a WonderSwan crystal out now.
So, in fact, Final Fantasy I and II on Game Boy Advance
are pretty much just the WonderSwan versions with some minor tweaks.
2 and 4 came out on Wonders 1. They did not bring up 3, which pissed me off so much, because
that was the one I wanted. It was the first one with the job change system, which is what
I love about 5. That's the one that they're going back and tweaking really bad for the
DS. And rumor is that if Final Fantasy 4 Advance sells well, which I think it will, 5 and 6
are pretty much a given. In fact, I thought I read somewhere they're already working on
6, so we'll see. We went back and played 5 on PS2, although I had already been playing
emulated version and I had actually been playing it in Japanese for a little while too, but
the good thing about
The first one on WonderSwan is that because most of it was in Hiragana
I could sort of read what was going on. I could at least read the spells and I could read the materials
Which was easy enough
But it was so pretty and the music was so good
They had completely redone it that I'm and I know that 4 was given the same treatment. I'm wondering
They went back and did some of the graphics, some of the sprites are cleaned up a little bit, but the music, I don't notice that much of a change.
It is different, but only slight in some of the instrumentation. To me, I don't notice the difference, but somebody very picky will notice it.
Well, also there's the difference between the MIDI synthesizers on the NES and what we got that have to have done it closer to the original.
Well, when you're talking about NES vs. Advance, yes, but Super Nintendo vs.
I'm talking about the Famicon vs. NES.
Oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
The instrumentation could have very likely been different on the Japanese one.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Ooh, that's a lot of Final Fantasy geekery.
We better move on to other topics.
Yeah.
That's alright. Anyway, that was fun though.
We haven't talked about the Wonder Swan yet in like 50 episodes of Orange Lounge, so.
I'll bring it one day.
Alright, sounds, ooh, we should.
Sometimes I wish we were a TV show.
We gotta look into doing that someday, anyway.
Let's get into some news and dark soccer you had a whole crap load of news tonight. So, um, let's start it off
I'm gonna let you talk about this
Why don't you talk about some news about Sega Sega's gonna be doing some because we've been talking about handhelds
He says Sega's got some stuff in store for handheld. I love Sega. I know you do
Sega is actually coming out with two games for the handheld systems
There's a one on PSP one on the GBA and the PSP title doesn't have a name yet
But it's being done by totally games. That's the studio that did a x-wing vs. Tie fighter secret weapons over Normandy
yay, um
There's also
They're saying though that it's a classic
Game that they're trying to bring back. I'm wondering
Exactly, which one that's gonna be but there's been nothing really official listed as the title
To the Sega gods if you happen to be listening echo the dolphin, please
I don't know. I don't know why that comes to my mind
I just I would like to see that the last time we got was on Dreamcast and it was kind of it was kind of
Poop, not really poop. I actually didn't get to play much of it, but it was I never really saw it
I I heard that it got sort of a results. How about toe jam and Earl? That'd be kind of cool, too
Please oh come on
Did they did a toe jam in Earl too, but it was it was poopy wasn't it?
But the first one man, we need to vector man back. All right. Anyway, no the other one
Oh, actually there is a little bit more on this the game was described as a run-and-gun blast-a-thon quote
It actually makes references to Robotron and Smash TV
More money more prizes. I love it
The next one is the tower SP Game Boy exclusive from the Vavarium
It's going to be quoted as an in-depth sim experience has you design
manage, build everyday running of a skyscraper.
You can build a basement, or a luxury, or however what type you want it, but you run
the place and have your tenants and everything.
I just randomly thought of ActRaiser.
I don't know why, but I just randomly thought of ActRaiser, when she was talking about,
you know, you build the town and watch everything.
I thought about ActRaiser and I thought, God damn, there's a game I miss.
You know, they...
Tonight is an episode for just reminiscing about...
really needs a remake like Smash TV as like a first-person shooter what about
Xbox 360 hello co-op online smash yeah I'm talking about something like unreal
tournament or something like that where it's actually kind of the whole game is
redone from the ground up that would be cool because Smash TV really a lot of
play really awesome it's something in the air tonight or we're just like
reminiscing about old shit all night maybe it's the end of the year thing
we did get a lot of play in my house like lately like in the last week
The Xbox 360 one?
Yeah.
Isn't that weird?
Some of the most talked about Xbox 360 things right now
is old shit, like Smash TV, and not so much that Geometry Wars is old shit, but it's
pretty shit
that you could do on old style consoles probably, but yet it's so cool and pretty.
I don't know.
It's like updated asteroids.
I don't know how to explain it.
But back to Sega.
Sorry.
The PSP title, there's not any release date yet, however, the Tower SP is slated for March
2006 release.
Awesome.
We'll be looking for that.
All right.
Let's go to some law.
What's going on in the law, the law, the law, the law?
Follow up to a story a few weeks ago.
You know that Senator Clinton and Senator Lieberman were doing this bill, the Family
Entertainment Protection Act.
Just a follow-up, it is now officially before Congress, granted it'll probably be one of
the first things they pick up when Congress goes back into session.
So you'll see some fun debates about this.
If you have a very strong position one way or the other on this, I urge you to write
your senator because this is going to be what they talk about when they come back.
So you know, write your representatives and tell them how you feel, but just be professional.
Don't write them emails that go, you know, you fucking fuck, you know, don't do that
because that's just gonna make you look like an ass. Be professional. Have a
friend proofread it if you're not sure. In other law news, an Alabama judge has
said this is denied. It was a lawsuit filed against Take-Two by families of
police officers. It was a Grand Theft Auto inspired basically saying that
Grand Theft Auto inspired my kids to, or inspired these kids, not my kids,
Inspired these kids to kill the cops in the family suit take two it got thrown out
Kind of interesting Alabama is kind of the home of all this stuff lately because wasn't that also where a
Jack Thompson's
Right right to practice law kind of got like yeah, put it booted out something guess what this was the same judge
Same judge judge James Moore. He must be the only judge in Alabama. I don't know bless my home state
You know what's funny? Hearing Judge James Moore makes me think of Jay Moore. That's a funny thought.
Give this guy a TV show. This is the judge I want to see on TV.
He absolutely gets major kudos from me. It makes me proud to be an Alabamian. Yep, makes my heart hurt.
Alright, let's move on. Loki, what do you got for us tonight? Talk to me a little bit about 360. Tell us about 360.
Well first off, I know this wasn't on your list, but what happened with the Best Buy
thing?
Like, there was the list on the internet that said that all these Best Buyers are going
to have the game.
What happened?
Well, the whole drama behind the Best Buy thing is this basically was like a second
launch.
There was supposed to be about 300,000 units being sent throughout the entire United States.
So same kind of allocations they were getting before.
Now here are the rules for this.
receiving their shipments on Friday. They were supposed to hold them for Sunday for
their sale that was going to be advertised. They were not to pre-sell them. They were
not to open early. Did they follow that? No. They sold them early. They opened early. People
were disappointed. When you say they, select stores, because we can't pinpoint who. Select
stores opened early and sold early. And so people were camping in line. And from what
I hear too, some stores didn't even get them. And so people were camping in line and they
get up there, oh by the way, they're sold out. Would you like a compact laptop instead?
So it was basically a lot of crap that hit the fan. It wasn't pretty. And a lot of people
waited in line and some of them did get them, a lot of people did not. People still pissed
at Microsoft. But this is going to happen all over again because apparently another
shipments coming in on the 22nd so yeah it's pretty bad but you know it's only
you know right now it's really hard to find. What can you do? People are desperate they want
that system for their little screaming brat. Who will probably not even know how
to use the damn thing. Exactly. We'll see. And what's funny even better is they
have the Japanese launch, what, last week or so?
40% of the units sold, 60% sit on shelves.
Import your consoles! Though I don't think that'll work because they're region-coded, right?
Not all the games. Some of them are, some of them aren't.
Interesting. I don't think it's worth it, because if you want to try and take it online, it's not worth it.
It's not, but the only reason why they didn't sell is because all the Japanese launch games got pushed back.
Dead or Alive being the closest one to launch that people were really looking forward to.
Ridge Racer was the top game for the Japanese market, and then of course, you know, their
RPGs like 99 Nights, well, sort of a Dynasty Warriors type game, and then Enchanted Arm,
you know, the really big RPGs, they aren't coming out until next year. So it sucks.
What else is going on in 360 News?
Other than that, they do have some really cool stuff that they've added to the Xbox
live marketplace which is really good and some new content, new cars to download, forage
racer 6, those are all free.
They're gonna actually be adding a demo for full auto coming pretty soon, I think in this
week or so, and I'm really looking forward to that, which is gonna be awesome.
Now I read about this and I thought this sounded pretty cool, that the Xbox 360 is actually
having a high definition trailer for Mission Impossible 3 is available on the Xbox Live
marketplace and you can download this as some type of like um... exclusive
trailer thing you can download very interesting kinda
buys into that whole
the 360 and the next-gen systems maybe more than a gaming system
they're trying
they do that, they did that with Narnia, they had a trailer for Narnia in there and stuff
uh... I've seen the Mission Impossible 3 trailer, it's just a teaser
and it's like eh
but think about that, if you can download the trailer on the marketplace what's to stop them
later on from offering movies for download in the marketplace.
True, they could.
I see that as a logical next step for what the system is going to do.
And Sony, same thing.
I wouldn't doubt it.
It makes sense.
And I really do like the way they have the games online for free download.
That's really good.
They try out the demos and stuff.
I think it's great.
And they'll really help them sell their games.
It's a really good tool that they have on there.
And plus the extra content is really awesome.
I do like the fact that they have downloadable stuff, plus you can pay for other things like
they have some extra sound music tracks you can get for Ridge Racer, which is really cool
as well.
Now you were talking about something like somebody really wanted to get retro with their
360.
They had to get painfully retro with the 360.
What the hell's going on with this here?
There's been a few case mods that have come out since the 360's launch.
One of them recently this week, actually there's two.
The first one was this one entitled the Extreme Edition, and basically they've done a red
paint job on it, added a nice little window to it, and changed all the LEDs to red, which
looks pretty cool.
And that's actually being sold on eBay for thousands of dollars.
Then the other one, which is less practical and less cool, would be a 360 being put inside
of an Atari 2600.
Hey, I think that's pretty cool.
well you have to see it to understand how it looks ugly as hell
it is pretty damn ugly but
you know hey give people time to put it in anything
I don't praise the modding community enough but
damn they can be creative sometimes seriously not just
just the modding and cracking and hacking scene in general like
damn there's some creative things people come up with it's like
why the hell would you do that because I can
Why would you put a 360 in the 2600?
Because I can, bitch.
I don't know, but that's one of the things that they've done.
Something else that we should note about the Xbox 360, Microsoft is saying that these rumors
about HD DVDs, the fact that we're going to bring out another 360 that does HD DVDs, no.
Not happening next year.
These rumors are crap.
in both america and japan has not announced anything regarding the
possibility of a next generation dvd drive being placed in the xbox three
sixty this coming from a microsoft spokesperson
there are currently no plans to release an xbox three sixty equipped with the
next generation dvd player
yes sense because i added the yet myself but yet makes sense because hdvd we
don't know if that's the format they're going to be going to
completely random subject here but i don't care it's one of those shows
tonight uh...
I helped my friend go shopping for Christmas present my friend was buying a
DVD recorder for a friend and there's all these recording formats I don't know
much about it
but there's like the R's, the RW, the R pluses or whatever they are
all these things and they're like all these different formats and no
standardization and these recorders are
huge Christmas things. This is kinda dangerous because it's like
VHS and Beta all over again. We need to find a standard.
The actual standalone recorders there's
They have the plus and the minus, and then the R, plus or minus R is what it is.
See, I couldn't make sense of all of it because they all sound too similar for me.
Well, they are. They are very similar. Plus and minus R are very similar, and then RW is just a rewritable one.
Not similar enough, because one won't play on the other, depending on the machine.
Some will play both. Mine will actually play both, like on the burner on my laptop, but I think it only records on plus Rs.
I think PlusR has been the format that's actually what's being used now. Like, I know my DVD burner and my computer will do both, but it burns basically one format now.
I'm behind the times. I have no DVD burner, recordery, that stuff, I'm...
You're not missing much.
Actually, you know, it's helped me out so much because I have a 250GB hard drive on my PC that's almost full.
Mine's not even near full yet, so...
But I can just go onto my network, burn off my stuff off of my laptop, save myself some space.
Alright. Well, that's okay. Enough 360 talk. DarkSucker, you have a story about another next-gen console. What's going on?
Finally, some more stuff about the revolution.
Woohoo!
Okay, apparently the system has been, some dev kits have been released to some third parties, so there's been some feedback received.
So far, it's looking like just the information that's been given back.
It's going to be powered by IBM CPU codenamed Broadway, very similar to the Gecko CPU in the GameCube.
It should run about twice the clock speed, actually up to three times the overall performance of the GameCube processor.
And they have an ATI graphics chip codenamed Hollywood, which I find so ridiculous.
interesting
uh...
just to look at this yet though they're saying that the uh... it's uh... going to be
about two and a half times more powerful than the gamecube which is
the gamecube wasn't
too bad at all
uh... there's also a note on here that it's gonna pretty much use standard
dvds but as a slot loader
it would actually be able to take in the old gamecube
oh ok cool
I think that that's actually pretty cool because the small disk, there hasn't been anything slot loading that would take those without some type of special trade to go with it.
The thing is that developers don't really know how to treat it.
They're talking about it being easy to program for, though, on a PC, and you actually do more enhancements to it when you're porting it over.
But right now they've just been treating it like they're programming a GameCube game because the library is very similar
Now this all news this whole news about the more powerful stuff. It's all fine and good, but I'm not big on specs
I really and I know a lot of our listeners are really big on specs
and they want to know exactly what the systems will do but guys remember the golden rule of gaming everybody say it with me a
System is only as good as the games that are on it
So this thing could have rocket fuel projection lightning laser or whatever if the games suck ain't gonna matter
There is actually one other note that I'd like to mention
There's speculation that it could possibly enter the market for about 150
Now that I've heard before yeah, at least 99 now. It's 150, but that that's
More than that that would be I think the smartest thing Nintendo could do if they're gonna come in the market last come in cheapest
But what make everybody else price slash what surprises me though is the fact that they'd go with the standard format DVD cuz Nintendo
Has been all about their you know having their own
storage
You know they made their money on the on the 64 with those humongous cartridges
They had see I think part of the reason they lost with the GameCube or at least came in last place in America with
The GameCube is because it didn't support DVDs and honestly that's what the square away. I've said this before I think the reason why
PlayStation 2 dominated the way it did is because people were buying them as
DVD players. Even though, you know, and that you know you the first gen they say
you weren't supposed to whatever it doesn't matter if you were supposed to
or not I know people were buying because this is right when DVD players are
getting big people were buying these PlayStation 2 saying you know what I
would be a DVD player and a PlayStation it's great it plays my own games it's
awesome I seriously think that is a huge part of the reason that and the golden
rule is that PlayStation you know had a lot a lot a lot of games on it but I
I think that's a huge reason why PlayStation 2 did so successfully was
because it supported DVDs.
The backwards compatibility was a big thing, however, I did find it very
hilarious and I think that it's the Japanese one that had more issues with
this than the US one,
is that if you had on your texture smoothing,
it would do very interesting things to some of the older games.
Like, I remember playing Bust-N-Move 2 with texture smoothing on,
and Comet's head disappeared.
In one of her legs.
She can't really bust a move with only one leg now can she? No. Or without a head.
It was pretty funny.
You know random
random not related to anything comments because we're talking about losing heads
and stuff. Somebody actually put a photoshop in the MySpace, because you don't have people on MySpace,
they leave these comments that are just completely random.
One of my buddies actually put a comment on my MySpace that says
France France Revolution and it just shows the DDR cover with no head, the
heads on the ground. Get it? Because in France they beheaded people.
Oh what is that?
Something in the air tonight. I think it was those brownies you brought earlier. Are you sure those are Starbucks brownies?
They were Starbucks brownies. They have caffeine in them and Starbucks makes you stupid.
We are never getting sponsorship from Starbucks.
Good job. Good job on that.
I think now is a good time in the show to talk about the real world and life out there.
Because, you know, if we played games all day long, we would have no time to bake brownies.
So, um, that's why DarkSakura is here, is to remind us there's a whole world outside
your Xbox 360 or your GameCube or Playstation, whatever, and she's here to bring you her
advice column for some real-life, down-to-earth advice.
DarkSakura, help the children of America this Christmas week, and the adults that listen
to this show, too.
Help them with some advice.
What are you talking about tonight?
How to survive a high-rise hotel fire.
This could be a lot of folks going on vacation for the holidays, might be staying in a high
High rise?
Good to know.
What's up?
1.
Feel the hotel doorknob with the back of your hand.
If the knob is cool, open the door and escape via the nearest stairwell, keeping low if
the hallway is smoke-filled.
Duh.
2.
If the doorknob is hot, wedge wet towels under the door to keep smoke out.
Cover your head with wet towels and sheets to protect yourself from smoke inhalation.
You can also use the towel to signal rescue personnel at the windows.
3.
If the air is getting worse, try to kick through the closet wall into the adjacent room.
Knock on the wall until you hear a hollow sound, which indicates the absence of wall
studs, and then use both feet to kick through the drywall.
But my final piece of advice on this one?
Yes.
If you see a little sign outside the hotel that says, Now Filming the Towering Inferno
Part 2, stay somewhere else.
Good thoughts, good thoughts.
Or how about don't play with fire indoors.
Or unplug your Christmas tree.
staying a hotel on the first floor stay at Motel 6 we'll leave the light on for
you so many e3 Motel 6 stories I could tell on this show but I didn't stay at
the Motel 6 I but we did a Motel 6 on Hollywood Boulevard but that's for
another show that's for another show huh you saw the place we had to stay at
though I know I know but we had crack whores dark sock rack crack whores we
had tiny rooms. Anyway, Loki, give us a story, I don't care what, take us away from this.
On the topic of crack whores, we have, it was actually brought to everyone's attention
again, this old mod that was out for the original Zelda, a ROM that's been floating around on
the internet called Zelda Challenge the Outlands, and it's been kind of put out there, it's
basically a completely redone version of Zelda. Somebody put this on Dig this week, huh? Yeah.
Because I saw this on Dig and I thought, this shit's old. I saw this like two years ago.
Yes, it's old. But it just, you know, it brings to attention if you do have like a PSP. That's
kind of my thought. It's like, okay, well now people are emulating on a PSP and stuff.
And there's also a lot of things we don't talk about are ROM hacks. And there's a lot
of good ROM hacks out there, a lot of really bad ones, but this one apparently is one of
the good ones.
Super Penis Brothers, where all they do is they turn Mario and Luigi into, like, they
use the, or no, I'll tell you the best worst mod I ever saw was an old Japanese game, it's
called Nuts and Milk, and they never released it here for obvious reasons, because, Teehee
Nuts, right?
Well somebody actually went in and Teehee Nuts, they turned all the characters into,
you know, nuts, and the milk was, you know, that gross.
I downloaded Links of Awakening, the old, you know, Game Boy one, and I didn't find
out until after I started playing it that it had been hacked, and his sword was like
a dildo, and all the text had been changed.
That's so classy.
Anyways, this one has more dungeons, in fact, new weapons and whatnot.
Pretty cool, so you should go definitely check it out, and you can probably find it on any
of your ROM sites out there.
Zelda Challenge Outworld.
Check that out.
DarkStalker, do you have some news about Quake 4?
Yep, I sure do.
Little tiny piece of news.
Aspire has taken pity on Mac users.
Quake 4 will be coming out for the Mac.
Next year, sometime.
going to be available for both PowerPC and Intel Macs.
Good to hear. Glad to see the Mac users getting some love over there.
You know, Mac users kind of get on the butt end of a lot of gaming jokes and, you know,
Macs aren't bad, they're good systems. They've got World of Warcraft.
That's true, that's true. Well, good to hear they're getting some of the new games.
Now, you had an interesting story, Dark Sakura, about, like,
myths about games. What was this about, some story you found?
give me a second sure or two okay and actually uh one of our listeners linked to this to us
oh super our uh fabulous uh rubway oh of course yes um and it really goes into detail on these
but i'll just try to i guess summarize as best as i can that you have a link to this is this
a quick link that you can read out yeah i can read it out it's pbs.org slash kcts
slash video game revolution slash impact slash myths dot HTML okay you might have
to post on the forums too but that's into PBS like like public broadcasting
system I guess oh interesting okay um but the first one is that the
availability of video games has led to an epidemic of youth violence and
basically it's like I we talked about before that's totally not the case hmm
in fact the overwhelming majority just a quote here the overwhelming majority of
kids who do not commit antisocial acts they're talking about that uh that
basically it's all those reports that came back with our some of our national
facilities have proven that no that's really not true hmm it's just video
games can be a very social thing sometimes I mean seriously get a get a
full game of Mario Party going you'll see more social it forget it well number
scientific evidence links video games play with youth with youth aggression
but this the studies that they've done have been really inconclusive their
methodology has been criticized they're not thorough research you know there's
also they're not accounting for it's mentioned on here they're the risk
factor coupled with more immediate real-world influences I mean pretty much
you learn you violence is I'd say it's actually a more instinctive human trait
if somebody is going to be more prone to violent behavior it's going to be a
combination of home influence and biological predisposition because they've
even proved that Wow although the article doesn't go into that that's
something I know. Three, children are the primary market for video games. We've talked
about that too. It's the average buyer is 37 years old.
Right. Well, no, wait a minute though. Some video games children are the target market.
For instance, I don't know any adult, well, okay, I know some, but I don't know many adults
that would buy, you know, SpongeBob goes under Bikini Bottom, whatever. You know those titles
that are definitely targeted at kids. Most of the games marketed though are for the older
true for almost no girls play video games I'm high bullshit well said five
because games are used to train soldiers to kill they have the same impact on
kids who play them and this one I would like to point out I'm just gonna read a
little bit of this former military psychologist and moral reformer David
Grossman argues that because the military uses games and training
including he claims training soldiers to shoot and kill the generation of young
people who play such games are primarily being brutalized and conditioned to be
aggressive if they're in their everyday social interactions now this says his
model only works if we remove training and education from a meaning meaningful
cultural context we assume leaders have no conscious goals and that they show no
resistance to what they are being taught I'm sorry learners we assume they and
will unwittingly apply what they've learned in a fantasy environment to
real-world aspects. Um, no. You know, and I agree with the rest of this is
basically pointing out that the games are for training military are
specifically geared toward training and they know that it is geared toward their
training. For a child playing a game, in their head, it's a game. They don't have
to go out and kill somebody the next day. Let me throw this out there, just kind of
discussion item America's Army I think that that's more of a enlistment tool I
know a lot of people that play this just for the game though and nothing to do
with the enlistment aspect of it it's actually a really popular game it kind
of has a very cult cult like following to it but I've got my copies I just
thought I'd throw that out there because it's kind of a fusion of what you're
talking about and those bullet points you wanna bring up no um yeah actually
video games are not a meaningful form of expression
what about mario paint? I expressed a lot in that game
well the thing is that not all games are are violent
we have like you're talking about final fantasy 4 having a beautiful story
you know that's just a really narrow-minded
and you know as far as like say for example when you play the Sims
You know, that's actually very expressive. You control the people's lives in there, you can have them interact.
What about your online games? There's plenty of room for expression.
Oh hell, MMOs are all about expression half the time.
7. Video game play is socially isolating. Hi MMOs again.
We have friends over at our house.
Well, but that can go either way, because some people can sit on an MMO all day long.
Of course, we've heard those horrible stories coming out of, you know, many different places
about that folks die from forgetting to eat and drink from playing their MMOs all day,
so that can kind of go either way, but, you know, games don't socially isolate you.
Well there's a comment on here that, in fact, I'll just read a little bit of it.
Much video game play is social, almost 60% of frequent gamers play with friends, 33%
with siblings and 25% play with spouses and parents.
Even games designed for single players are being played socially, with one person giving
advice to another holding a joystick.
You're doing it all wrong!
Well, you know, we have people over at our house playing all the time when Need for Speed
Underground is a single player game, but Dan and his friend Will pass the controller back
all the time.
You know, they each have their own cars. There's the stealth either stealth Evo many of us know this
Brothers, I know anyway, actually what my husband is doing right now, but
Anything else cuz I'm last one. Okay, and video gameplay is
desensitizing
Classic study of play behavior among primates just that apes make basic distinction between play fighting and actual combat
um we're not I'm sorry we're not monkeys but still you know this is I think that
having the game here and this actually mentions a little bit of this that it's
an outlet it can be good it can be used to let out this aggression that's within
people so that you're better able to cope with the real world they're
they're wanting to prove that you know playing a violent game makes you more
violent outside was this a TV show because it's on pbs.org it was this a TV
special I know it should be I think it should be I think that it should be an
episode every freaking channel this should be an episode of Penn & Teller's
bullshit right here 60 minutes that's a good point anyway but at any rate you
know their whole argument with this one is that you would basically lose empathy
empathy for real world situations by experiencing them in a virtual environment.
Not the case.
In fact, by giving yourself an outlet in one forum, I think that it would make a person
better able to cope in a real forum.
Interesting stuff and interesting discussions that that article kind of invokes there.
So thank you for sharing with us.
That was a very good one.
Actually, we need to thank our buddy Rob.
All right.
Thank you, buddy Rob.
Okay, let's talk about a good ol' war game.
Tell us about Gears of War.
Gears of War is sexy, that's all you need to know.
Now actually they released some footage from, I believe it was Zero Hour, where they were
showing off the game, and it's sexy.
This right here is the killer app for the 360, definitely.
What they did show is just the amazing graphics in it as well as kind of different things
that they're doing with the storyline stuff.
It's really cool.
But that's one you're definitely going to be wanting to check out when it comes out
I believe in April or March.
All right, sounds good.
Let's go ahead and open up the old mailbag and see what our listeners have to say.
Remember guys, if you want to send us an email, all you got to do, write us togo, T-O-G-O
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and DarkSakura will flame you if she finds it necessary, no just
kidding, she very rarely, she very rarely flames our, well she sends me flame mails
all the time, but that's behind the scenes stuff, to the listener, to the listener she's
very cordial, so what are some letters that are begging to be read tonight?
Well, um, actually, uh, a couple people won our friend codes in Animal Crossing.
Do we have something on forums for that now?
That's why I made that, uh, red.
Oh, good segue, good segue.
Sorry to keep you.
If you go onto our, uh, forums at orangeloungeradio.com, there is a link under console gaming, there
where we, I've posted my friend code for Animal Crossing, um, I haven't checked it lately,
but, you know, we need to get more people on there.
When I go back to Animal Crossing, I'll post my friend code, but for right now, it's not
fancy for it.
visit me in Danville. Not Danville, Hades. Danville is Danville. I'll post my husband's
too. And Loki has OLR town, right? Yes. You guys are doing like Animal Crossing spam or
something? Yes, we're doing Animal Crossing spam. Oh, that's great. In fact, I actually,
I'm gonna open up a contest. A little, tidy contest. If you get a bottle from the ocean,
a message in a bottle that has an orange little trade note written by me or Loki or Rob, then
we'll send you a box of cookies. Okay, you're buying those cookies and shipping them. I'll
buy the cookies and shipping them. Alright, good. They may be moldy by the time you get
them, but I'll do it. Alright. Anything else in the mailbox? If you live in another country,
I'll send you cookies that you can only get here. Girl Scout cookies. Delicious. Girl
scale cookies all right moving on let's yeah you know we got a couple more
listeners right in about the whole parental debate we actually got one
person who didn't like our last episode oh because we talked about Animal
Crossing too much oh well you know well what's the game of the week what are you
supposed to do yeah sorry you're welcome to your bit we talk about other games
to try to it just so happens to all three of us enjoy Animal Crossing so
it's gonna come up all right whatever and you know we got a few thank yous
from some of the parents for our reading the articles actually awesome the one
that I was very impressed with Sloan that wrote us mm-hmm that was a very
very good letter and he wrote back just to say that that you know he actually
you know felt he was good to hear you know us read the letter and they also
I also recognized that we weren't feeling very well.
You know what, when we read your letter on the air,
you should take this as a pat on the back,
and what you should do, burn the episode to a CD
and then pin it on the fridge.
Just like when you did good art when you were in school,
you pinned it on the fridge, you've done good.
So you can pin a CD on the fridge,
unless we flame you on air,
then don't pin that on the fridge.
But he gave us the okay to post that letter on the site.
Great.
So I will be doing that shortly within the week.
Great.
I've just been busy with finals.
that's fun yeah um and someone actually sent us an email as a Mac man said in
response to playing copyrighted music on a podcast as gun says there isn't a
crime if there isn't a law it's kind of one of those things where you know just
I don't know it's not let's not go there unless we have to if the show's
direction makes us go there, then we'll do the copyrighted music thing, but no need for
us right now.
Who knows that there could be changes to the show in the future where we would want to
go there?
Who knows?
Hint, hint.
The last one is an article sent to us by our friend Sasuke about, in fact, I actually mentioned
him in that other article I read, the ex-army ranger and West Point psychology professor
Grossman, Lieutenant Colonel Dave Grossman. Apparently he's been all in demand by law
enforcement agencies talking about video game violence when, you know, there's proof that
we don't have the situation.
Is this this other article you were going to talk about here? You want to? Okay, cool.
Just making sure.
I was trying to be all smooth and ninja-like with my recording skills.
I'm scatterbrained tonight. I can't get my mind off Actraiser and how beautiful it is.
We need a new Actraiser. I just, I said that!
Anyway, see? Bad transition. Anyway. And anyway, he says that first-person shooters
are murder simulators.
You know what? Didn't Jack Thompson say that?
I know. I don't know. These people are all in the same bed.
they're all screwing each other. Anyway, anyway
it's just and really it's more of the same bullshit we've had
spewed out of many many people's mouths and
my thought on all of this is please shut up. Y'all don't know what you're talking about
it makes you sound like a big stupid butt head. All this hot coffee, seriously,
if hot coffee really bothered you in 2005
it's time to switch to decaf in 2006 iced latte
no decaf just or do you know tea go to tea
go to tea do some chai tea Loki oh I'm sorry anything else in the mail bag
um nah alright well lots of links from Rob
to go at orange lawns radio to orange lawns radio dot com
and email us and love us uh Loki couple things
yes um first being that we're getting into a new year
what is one of the things you must do get a new calendar
Well, PSPmagazines.com has you covered.
But I don't want a new calendar!
Well, you can have a sexy new calendar!
Okay, nevermind.
From Furham Magazine or other sites.
They also have a calendar from Furham Magazine, the 2006 PSP calendar, featuring sexy babes.
A PSP calendar.
And the Maxim 2006 calendar.
These are actually for your backdrops.
You can add them into your themes and stuff.
It's great.
Anything for the folks who would prefer to have a dude in the background?
Well, this actually, this website does have a lot of other backgrounds and stuff, but
I'm sure there's dude stuff out there.
I'm just not looking for that.
Anyway.
I know, but we need to be, you know, equal opportunity.
I know.
DarkSopha's sitting over here going, I don't care about an ITHM booty.
Now something a little bit more time sensitive here.
On Monday the 19th, Nintendo of America's Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing,
Reggie Philz, at 4 o'clock to 5.30 Pacific Time, you can actually get a chance to play
him at Mario Kart DS.
If you get lucky and at 4pm pacific time start hammering the worldwide mode on your wifi
and you might get lucky to go against NOA reggie.
How many fake NOA reggies are going to be logged in though I wonder?
Probably because they don't let you, I don't know.
Although if you happen to live near Bellevue Washington, he will be at the Bellevue Square
McDonald's at that time you can actually meet them there and get some Nintendo swag as well.
Which just goes to show executives dine on McDonald's once in a while too.
They have to get down and dirty with the rest of us and get their 99 cent menus and stuff.
Exactly.
So I think that's pretty cool that they're, you know, doing that kind of stuff.
So good luck people.
I know a lot of the snakers out there would like to go up against him.
Yeah.
Expose all the bugs in the game please.
this guy is really good at Mario Kart, so it should be interesting.
We'll see. I know you had one other quick thing. I want you to make sure you get all
of your stories out. The thing about the Game Boy, the old-ass Game Boy...
That's all speculation and rumors, so I'm not going to really go into it. Basically,
the whole story was about the system that they're saying is going to be called Game
Boy Evolution, and how it's supposed to come out later, and it's supposed to rival the
PSP, yada yada yada. This is stuff that's been in development since 2004, and since
there's no actual information on it, it's all speculation, I'm not even going to cover
it.
Interesting.
I have a story here that talks about the biggest blockbusters of 2005 and it kind of coordinates
with another story that you've probably seen around the internet talking about video game
sales have fallen 18% this year and of course they're blaming that on no big blockbuster
titles this year, we did not have a Halo 2 this year, we did not have a Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas this year so saying that because of this you know even with the
Xbox 360 well heck
you know not everybody who wanted to buy an Xbox 360 could get one so
video game sales on the whole have fallen a little bit this kinda doesn't
surprise me though honestly because we're sitting on the cusp of the next
gaming generation
this should be natural for the game sales to fall right? I don't know why this is such a
shock
but what's interesting I thought what the interesting
the top
excuse me the top ten selling games of 2005 through November
Only three of them actually released in 2005.
Madden, Madden Football, Gran Turismo 4, Pokemon Emerald
were the only games released in 2005
to make the top 10 list, and hell,
even Halo released in 2001 on the original Xbox
thanks to price cuts and things, number nine on the list.
Crazy, huh?
They're saying also part of the reason
this is, you know, the sales figures
are not what they should be,
most of the hugely anticipated games for 2005
bumped to 2006. Kingdom Hearts 2, Final Fantasy 12, Zelda Twilight Princess, you know, everything
got bumped, so what's left?
Exactly, and the other thing that's interesting to note is on the Xbox 360 they're live, number
one game on their Halo 2.
Interesting. Alright, now we're going to end tonight's show, but we're going to talk about
some sexy things to end tonight's show, some sexy things for your Christmas season. Dark
soccer, you got a sexy MMO? There's a porn company called Naughty America
that's going to be releasing an MMO. Is this actually an American company or is
this like a... I have no idea. Okay. Sorry, it's called Naughty America. How naughty?
It's going to be basically online chat, real-world communication. Webcams? Yes,
Actually, you choose your fantasy persona to select your body type skin bla bla bla. Yahoo messengers got some competition
You can also though change your appearance by going to
clothing stores hair salon tattoo parlor plastic surgeon
Didn't Yahoo messenger just roll out the avatar thing where you can do the hair salon and everything. There's some interesting correlations here
But you've got to get it different areas. You have like downtown with your sex shops and video
Does yahoo messenger have the sex shops? No it doesn't. Uptown you've got outdoor
cafes, casino, beach has boardwalks, swimming, poolside bars, cruise trips.
Wasn't this just what Sims Online turned into? I have no idea. I heard some story a
while back that Sims Online, because remember the Sims Online was supposed to be this
huge thing, well just like the real world the Sims Online got corrupted by porn
and casino and all that stuff and now it's just like... But this one actually has
sex mode where you can invite another player on a date and engage in
interpersonal activity. Some hot coffee. Wasn't there a game that we saw over by the folks that did
Extango? Yeah, Feel 3. Thank you, that's a game. Where you actually broke the demo and had them...
Yeah, you actually got...Loki did so good on the demo somebody actually had a
come by and put their hand up on the monitor because this person was starting
to show too much I think I got a picture that it should be up on our e3 I know
it's somewhere in the gallery I think it was the last day I remember that I
should have taken that as my cue to start clicking like hell that was
hilarious didn't one of us ask him if there would be dude on dude action yeah
I think you or me asked about that one man woman
We asked about that like could the game go there and they told us no one or they didn't understand. I don't think we were
Can you be gay in this game?
Cowboys, can you both?
He said boy play woman
Singles. I remember that now, that's right.
Because we did ask him to play a woman.
That was the funny thing. We killed Rob.
Sorry, just good times, good memories. Anything else you want to share about the naughty
America? I will play it. No, I will not play. You will too, if it's free, you're going to check it out.
It's your assignment for the show, is you must check out Naughty America.
I delegate my assignment to Loki.
The only thing that this does not have, that Feel 3 does, is USB accessories to go with it.
Yeah, Feel 3 had attachments.
Like the rez vibrator? The trance vibrator?
Yeah, but this thing wasn't a trance.
I'm still looking for one of those, by the way.
I finally found a copy of rez.
Okay, TMI, honey.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Just to see if it's really as awful as they say it is, and I'm not going to use it for that, you perv.
I have I have a sexy story. I don't actually I don't know if this is sexy or not, but
Craigslist
Which should say it all right there if you want to see some real nasty stuff
Craigslist is the place for you to be just check out some of the personals on there not that I know firsthand or anything however
There were some posts on Craigslist in the Boston area. There was a young woman there that was willing to trade sex
Sex for an Xbox 360. She also was describing a female talking about a little menage a twa action
If you don't know what I mean by that
No, don't
It has to be a premium bundle these guys only want premium bundles
For their sexual encounter
However, the post was removed just to see you guys know the post was removed from Craigslist
But not before millions of nerds on the internet had a good laugh at it. So the post was removed because she was a sea donkey
And apparently some some journalists actually some gaming journalists actually tried to write the person an email to see if this person was serious
And maybe that's why I got removed. I have no idea. But anyway
Some people are willing to go to great lengths to get that Xbox 360 before Christmas dark soccer
You're pointing at something and going. Oh my god. Oh my god
I as I typically do check VG cats, which is one of my favorite web comics
It's all Animal Crossing and everybody needs to look at today's
You talk about Animal Crossing too much on this show Dark Sakura. Oh, no, I'm taking that game away from you. All right
We've got a wrap up. We got a wrap up
We got to go around and get everybody's final thought so we can call it a night Loki your final thought
I'm tired
Dark soccer your final thought reject false icons and get rid of the plague for me. My final thought is boy play woman
We'll see you next week. Yes, we are gonna do a show next week, even though it's Christmas
We're gonna find some time to pre record a show
Maybe talk about some of the years at least our favorite for the year and all sorts of other year-end things you would come to
Expect thank you as always for giving a crap and listening to our show
We really appreciate it, especially when you know, we're indie and all that stuff. We really appreciate it
I want to give a shout out real quick to our buddies over at game politics.com
because we kind of dropped the ball on something we said we were gonna do for
and we kind of weren't able to do it because of the plague so we want to say
hi and sorry and go visit game politics because they're a great site. Happy
holidays and we hope that your next year is drama free. That's right. All right
have a good one and we'll see you next week okay bye-bye.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio to-go edition. This podcast is a
a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update.
