Orange lounge radio to go edition a week of December 26th 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast
Hold for all the latest video game news and gamer chat now. Here are your hosts dark. Sakura sky and low
Ho ho ho everybody
Welcome to orange lounge radio to go
Hope you had a great holiday
We are that podcast dedicated to video games and video gaming and all the news about games that don't suck
But you know sometimes we have to talk about games that do suck just to tell you to avoid them
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky and I hope you got all the games
You were hoping for this holiday season
I know I got a couple so that makes me kind of happy and joining me as always is dark Sakura
How you doing choke choke gasp? What did you did you get coal in your stocking this year again?
Actually, I did get coal in my stocking.
Awesome. That was from me.
No, actually it was from Dan.
It was in a little tin box that said lump of coal and it did have a lump of coal in it.
Is that all he got you?
No, I got the most romantic gift of Dawn of the Dead.
Cool.
And Serenity, of course, and a $500 car stereo and speakers.
Nice.
Nice. What did Dan get me for Christmas?
A kick in the butt.
Over there in the corner is the one and only Loki.
Hello. How you doing? I'm okay. Alright.
What did you do for the Christmas day or holiday or whatever you did?
I hung out with family. That's pretty much it, yeah. Did you get anything? Get some loot?
I got salami.
What an awesome present! I don't think that's a game. I haven't heard of salami.
I got three different types of salami. Peppered salami, which
That stuff is really peppery. I mean, there's a ton of pepper on the outside of that thing.
It gives you some serious heartburn if you eat too much of it.
There was some Italian dry salami in there, and then some other stuff.
It's the Swiss colony, the game!
Help the Swiss miss! Save our supply of bee sticks! No one gets me games for Christmas
because they know
that I, you know, for one, I do
work at a company that sells games, and I get tons of games anyways, and then I buy
whatever I want.
Good point.
You know, makes it tough.
Good point, good point.
Alright, well of course happy holidays from us here at Orange Launch Radio to you
guys and we are a day late this week because of the holidays. You know, give us
a break.
We're entitled to a vacation every once in a while,
but we're here doing the show for you guys tonight. I was actually playing a game.
Well, what a good segue into how was your gaming week? Dark Sakura, what did you
play? Trivial Pursuits. I don't think...
Was that on a console? No, we did Couples Trivial Pursuits.
Me and Dan and his cousins and significant others and wives and things.
This is not a board game podcast. There are some board game podcasts.
Oh my god. Of which we are not one. So what kind of console or computer games are you playing?
I started Papa Lacrosse, then Dan took the PSP away from me,
which I was very upset with. Yeah, I found my game sitting on my computer
desk and the PSP was gone.
I was like, well great. So I've been playing a lot of Animal Crossing
very cool
And I finally got to see Need for Speed Underground on
The 360 and actually I don't know why the hell Dan was talking about it looking slower because it really didn't it was gorgeous
It makes the the Xbox 360 look like a PlayStation game
grainy and pixely and the 360 version is pretty
wait a minute you said it made the Xbox 360 version look like a PlayStation game
you mean the Xbox version?
the Xbox version looked like it
I was confused for a minute
most wanted yeah
got it
yeah most wanted sorry
but it was a minute yeah it was really really sweet
nice
just the cop chases were awesome on it
that's it?
for now
For now.
Alright.
Oh.
Well, meow, miss thing.
Alright.
Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the sleigh.
What's going on?
Maybe under the sleigh.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I just played a lot of multiplayer games, you know, typical work stuff.
Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, we actually have our six-man teams now, so it's
really dense.
There's tons of people running around in that game which is fun and it makes it really challenging.
But I don't know, other people are getting better now so it's given me more of a challenge
which is good.
And then Call of Duty 2 we've been playing multiplayer during lunch which is really cool
and I actually need to play the single player version of the game because it would be really
nice.
And then of course Animal Crossing Wild World we've been playing almost every day now.
I don't know, it's a real easy game to pick up, play for like 10 minutes and put down.
So that's why I kind of like it.
And I don't have to play it every day like friggin' Nintendogs, which I might add I haven't
played in a long time thinking about selling my last copy too.
Oh wow.
My puppies are probably flea-ridden and rabid by now.
You know, I was worried that Animal Crossing was going to turn out the same way as Nintendogs.
Now that the game's been out for a little while, what do you think?
this something you're gonna still be playing six months from now or I'm sure
I'll get tired of it after a while because six months there's a lot of good
games they're gonna come out between them but it is gonna be a game they'll
be playing for at least another couple months for sure I know I played the Game
Cube one like all year just to get all the stuff like so they don't know that
holidays are in this one because the Japanese version didn't have holidays
um there's different holidays there's politically correct holidays so
retarded. I love the festive candle that was in there which is the menorah and the
festive tree with you know Christmas tree like but you know it it was never
mind for me the squirrel said it all for me so I'll just let direct people to the
recent for me the squirrel Christmas thing yeah that's how I feel about it
all right check it out is that it anything else you want to add? That's pretty much it yeah.
Um, my gaming week was um, you know pretty uneventful honestly because I didn't really get a whole lot of new stuff
So I've been basically as promised last week Final Fantasy for Advance has been taking up a lot of my time
and I
Also was playing Animal Crossing for a little bit and checking out some other stuff
So I decided I wanted to get into something new but there wasn't a whole lot of new games that were out that I wanted
So I've been seeing
commercials on TV and looking around the internet lately and I've heard a lot about this service game tap
I don't know if you guys out there have heard of this game taps this thing where you can like
Play I think something like 300 games is what they boast in their category 300 games on demand
It's like an on-demand gaming service
It's a very interesting business model because it's set up basically so that you pay a monthly service fee
Which is right now. I think they're running a special where it's
It's a two-week free trial and a $9.95 a month for 12 months, but I think normally it's about
$14.95 a month is what they charge, so I'm not sure how long their special is running
for.
But what I think is interesting is that they say, hey, this is how much you'd pay for WOW
or other comparable MMOs, so I thought that was kind of an interesting way to plug it.
But of course the games that are accessible in the library are older games, but if you've
been listening to the show for a while, you know that I'm really into these retro collections.
I mean this year alone. I've talked about what one of the Midway arcade treasures that came out
We got the Taito legends and the Tecmo collection all that stuff
I bought the Namco collection, which was a horrible collection. But anyway
Namco games are actually in the game tap game tap has you know contracts with or some type of agreement with many game publishing companies
Such as I noticed Sega Activision Sierra
and Namco, not that all the games from these companies are in the library, but a few other
notable ones, like Pac-Man is in the library, Dig-Dugs, those type of things, but what's
interesting also, not every game, you know, Nintendo, you're not going to see anything
by Nintendo in here, but the GameTap library has all these different areas, you can either
sort it by genre, you can sort it by the system, which I thought was very interesting, I did
not realize when I first downloaded it that they actually had Dreamcast games in there,
There's not very many.
There's only three Dreamcast games available.
I remember Hydro Thunder and Mr. Driller are both in there, but I thought it was very interesting
that Dreamcast isn't that old, all things considered, so it was kind of neat to see
that in there.
They also have some relatively recent PC games in there, some of the Tomb Raider games, Tom
Clancy games are in there, some of the Worms games, and just an interesting variety of
stuff inside game tap so if you're a retro gaming fan or you're just the type
that you know likes to check out old games you like to buy things that are in
the bargain bin I think this is worth checking out I'll tell you what it's got
a really slick interface to it I would actually say the game tap is sort of
becoming like the iTunes of classic gaming and in a way like okay think
about iTunes what is the light is you allows you to download music legally
right but a lot of people just download their music from what what are the
services out there now with a closed winmx they got what what's the
underground stuff out there bit torrent or you know you could download songs off
of there but yet you run the risk that you're gonna get songs that aren't a
good quality get fakes you get things that are you know bogus and you know
just the general fact that you know you're stealing shit so um what's
What's interesting about GameTap is it's almost like that, but now we're talking about like
abandonware and emulation.
And I think this is the first time, and I would say it's kind of taken the industry
long enough, with the exception of these retro packs and things, this is really the first
time that I can recall seeing like a PC kind of trying to legalize the abandonware and
emulation scene, which could be bad news for those people, because as this gets more and
more prevalent, you know, I think they're going to go after those types of sites, the
ones that they haven't already.
But you know, $9.95 a month, not too shabby, it's a pretty reasonable price when you consider
that you're usually paying that much for one MMO.
So Interface is very sleek, games download pretty quickly unless you're playing a newer
game that was originally on CD, like I played Mr. Driller on Dreamcast, it took 11 minutes
to download, but you can play other games in the background, like while that's downloading
I can play something on Atari 2600, and what I also thought was very interesting
about GameTap and this is something I don't think a lot of people are mentioning is that
GameTap is owned by Turner Broadcasting, which you know, owns a lot of television stations,
and so they produce their own programming for this GameTap service.
One of the things they push is this MediaPlex that has their own little channels, like they
have like a reality show to pick the next GJ as they're calling it, like a game jockey
or whatever, you know, cheesy but okay, whatever.
And then they also have these little commercials that, you know, play while you're waiting
to download the games, and they kind of show like, you know, like a Dig Dug short funny
thing or Pac-Man or whatever, what was it, like Galaxian or there's other stuff in there.
So what I thought was kind of neat about that is that a lot of the stuff I was seeing on
GameTap is probably better than anything I've seen on G4TV the past year.
So that kind of makes me go, hmm, very interesting.
And you know, if there's anybody from GameTap out there listening, by chance, seriously,
I'm pretty impressed with what you guys are doing programming-wise.
And I'm like, why don't you guys start a station?
Because I don't know if you guys are aware right now, but gamers are pretty much being
robbed very slowly of the only representation we pretty much had on TV, which was G4, which,
you know, bought tech TV and then now is, you know, replacing their shows like Filter
G4TV.com with repeats of the man show and repeats of Fastlane.
Okay people, no one watched Fastlane the first time for a reason.
Okay? I want to know why they're showing Star Trek The Next Generation.
Yeah, and now that too, it's like, WTF people.
Star Trek The Next Generation, they've become Spike now?
They're Spike for kids is what they're turning into. Anyway, this is about GameTap.
I'm pretty impressed because it seems like, you know what, the people at GameTap
seem to know what they're doing, unlike the folks at G4.
So, if this is promising that they might
try to do a station at, I think it will be really neat to see.
So, as a gamer who feels underrepresented on the cable box right
now, I think that's very interesting.
And GameTap, you know, that would be a good name for a station anyway.
Things to consider. Anyway, so the services, so that's cool, I like the media,
that's a big plus.
The service itself, you know, it does have some issues now, I had some graphical
glitches,
I have had the system lock up completely when some of the video tries to download.
I don't know if that's my system specifically or if that's, you know, maybe more people are going to have problems with that.
I don't know.
But anyway, I do recommend GameTap, especially if you're a fan of, like, retro gaming things.
You know, it's a two-week free trial. Check it out. Why not? You know, it's pretty cool.
I think it's one of those things that's going to get better with time, because it's still in the early stages,
and I know they recently signed deals with Capcom and some other publishers as well,
And I think I read some of they want to grow to like a thousand games by this time in a year
So I think it's gonna be very interesting to see where the service is at a year from now to see if it really does
Get the support from the gaming community. I think you know what you could pay $19.95 for one of these retro collections
Or you go for this. I think this is worth checking out and so I recommend game tap
I you guys got to see it very briefly. I showed it to you guys real quick. What do you think?
What do you think of this idea it has potential? Mm-hmm definitely has potential
That's about all I can and so I get to play it and see what the gameplay is like. Mm-hmm
Loki it looked good. I like it. I mean even something really cool if it was like on a
Set top, you know console thing like if they could come out with some sort of really bare-bones
Wireless controller thing kind of like the Phantom, you know, they were talking about doing you know all streaming
That model could works if the fan sucks, but I don't know it looks good though
I mean, it's definitely something worth checking out especially if you've got definitely wanted some controllers or something for your PC
You know why going? Yeah, that's my other complaint, but that's not game taps fault is that my controller sucks
So it's not I mean it is neat the game tab
You know picked it right up and it knew what kind of controller I had but it sucks
I need to get something better if I want to use controller, but still though
I mean it looks good and I like the way the interface was that was really cool
Actually now as somebody who often reports on this program about what's going on underground
ground
which you see would you actually papers on the like a tap
uh... no because i don't have enough time to actually sit there and go play a
lot of games online
let alone pay ninety and no nine ninety five a month for something
mean look i have
i some still subscribe to file fancy eleven god knows why haven't played the
game like six months
but uh...
sure i don't know i guess you know i think that's going to be most people
sticking point we came to have is that there's not a lot of new stuff on there
So if you want to play the new, cutting-edge stuff, GameTap's probably not for you.
Okay, GameTap's more of like a library, but, you know, it shows potential, and maybe, you
know what, who knows, companies might pick up on this model.
The other thing I wanted to say, before we get into the news, I'm sorry to spend so much
time on this, but it, because this really made me think about this, the whole GameTap
thing is, it really made me think about, I bet you anything, this is how Nintendo Revolution's
going to be set up.
I bet you Nintendo Revolution, with its old Nintendo Classics, because when I started
not seeing the Nintendo games in GameTap, I thought, you know what, Nintendo Revolution,
I bet you this is going to be the same model. Choose your console, choose 9.95 a month, 14.95 a month, whatever they're going to charge,
and then the unlimited play of the old Nintendo games. I bet you anything, Revolution is going to have the same business model.
Or they could just do something very similar to Xbox Live, where you have the silver, which doesn't allow you to play the old games or whatever,
and then you can pay the gold, which is 9.95, you get all the old games from all the systems,
plus whatever other crap that they throw on there as well for download.
It would be interesting to see what happens.
Anyway, let's get into some news for tonight.
I'm going to start it off and talk about, why not, let's talk about the Xbox 360.
Kind of been the talk of the last two months.
Microsoft of course has been shipping out a little more and more now and they're saying
that they're going to start doing these weekly shipments, but you know, a lot of people still
say, you know, don't hold your breath.
If you didn't pre-order, you're still not getting one of these until March if you're
an EB Games or GameStop shopper.
magazine newspaper, San Jose Mercury News, actually said Microsoft is disappointed that
it can't get more units of the Xbox 360 into the market.
So Microsoft has that regret there.
So I don't know what that's about because you think they'd do something about it.
But anyway, what's interesting is that the reporter from the San Jose Mercury News, Dean
Takahashi, also said in his personal blog, various folks tell me that the shortage isn't
a problem with chip yields.
I think it's more of a systems issue when the boxes come together.
working on getting more units out so this guy saying that maybe it's not the
chip shortage the fact they just can't package them fast enough which is a
little disappointing if that's really it because you think they would have gotten
the resources. I think they might be afraid that they're running into these
glitches that people are running into now with the overheating stuff they're
trying to get more working units that don't have these same problems that
could be it and so you know comes down a quality control problem or something
I don't know who cares either way they're not getting them to source
fact I did see it looks like the local GameStop they got some more in because I
saw
someone very quietly moving one of the premium consoles from the back room into
you know under the counter I was like ahhh interesting okay
well now now that's just one particular story I got from the internet now
Dark Soccer you have another story about the shipment of Xbox 360s
Well, there's a bit of word out because they were checking about Microsoft UK as far as
if they were going to get their shipments out and they said that they're actually on
track to meet their 90-day forecast that they had out of 2.75 to 3 million units to go out.
As far as the US shipment is concerned, there's a quote that I found that says they're working
around the clock to deliver as many Xbox 360 consoles as humanly possible.
There is, though, a pretty rampant disappointment throughout Microsoft US about how low the
shipments have been.
I still think it's purposeful, but...
We'll see, we'll see.
Now, Loki, you have a story also...
Actually, there's one more thing about that.
Actually it was asked about that and said that they, that there was any, Microsoft's
competitors are actually even thinking that they're legitimate, that the shortage is legitimate.
The quote from Sony's Phil Harrison says that, I don't believe that for a second.
I think that it's clear that they're making every unit that they can, whether that is
enough for demand or that they can't make enough is a question you'll have to put to
Microsoft.
But it's definitely not done on purpose.
That's an interesting little support from the competition there.
Yeah.
Loki, you have some news about relating to the Xbox Live Diamond Account now?
There's silver, gold, and diamond now?
What the hell is this?
Well, it's a diamond card.
It's not necessarily anything that you have to pay for.
If you have an Xbox Live Gold membership, you can actually subscribe using your gamertag
to this diamond card.
It's basically this little card that you get that has this cool little graphics on there
plus your gamertag, and they have a bunch of affiliates with Microsoft that are offering
discounts for it.
It's kind of like one of those discount cards that you get.
So basically if you go to Xbox, I believe it's xboxlivediamondcard.com, let me see here
real quick, it's xboxlivediamond.com, that's what it was.
You go there, you put your gamer tag in, and you sign up and they'll basically ship it
to your address that you have signed up with.
What if you have an Xbox regular live account?
No dice?
it nope ah sucks give it the times folks anyways no but um some of the um actual affiliates that
they have right now they're talking about like mcdonald's um i saw what was it like carls jr
burger king type stuff on there um i know as well just what a gamer needs fast food yeah
yeah that's exactly how about how about getting some fresh choice discounts in there hey yo hey
No, no, no. They've got like, for example, and this is actually on the website, they
have a Hollywood video where you rent a movie or a video game and get the second rental
free. Sam Goody, 10% off DVDs and CDs. Quiznos, you know, buy a sandwich, get the second one
free. 50% off of Cambridge Soundworks speakers. 20% off of Etnies shoes. This is a big, you
know, list of stuff.
I'm going over to Dark Soccer because maybe she'll back me up on this.
Is it just me or could Xbox be the moralist here and offer discounts to like 24 Hour Fitness?
I wish they would but you know they're going to cater to, sorry the typical gamer, I hate
to say it but I don't know many average gamers who are into fitness and health.
I mean, I know lots who are, yeah, but, you know, if you think about your average,
say your college, the stereotype, like the college frat boy, no.
And on top of that, honestly, promoting a lazy lifestyle helps their business.
which has Wi-Fi for the DS. McDonald's or Fresh Choice? I make my point.
Fresh Choice is only in California.
Oops, sorry, I made a regional joke. Jamba Juice? Is that nationwide? That's borderline healthy.
They don't have Jamba Juice in my part of Alabama.
Ah, forget it then.
So you know what they need to have?
What?
It's like they have the live fitness bikes that you can watch TV or listen to your CD
player on.
They need to have one with like an Xbox 360 hooked up to it, so it will shut down if you
stop pedaling.
There you go.
Or if you pedal too fast and it gets too hot.
Lame.
All right, Loki, speaking of Xbox 360, what the hell is going on with Dead or Alive 4?
It's actually been delayed again, but this time only a couple more days.
It's actually, the people that have been reviewing the final copy, which is supposedly going
gold here pretty soon, actually gave it 100%, just a really good game.
They're basically working on the online, make sure it's very balanced, and they just wanna
make sure the game's good before it goes out.
And supposedly now the new date is January 2nd, it's gonna be the new ship date on it.
So expect it in stores around the 3rd, hopefully it won't get pushed back again but I haven't
heard anything yet on it and they would have probably already given us news already if
that were the case. So some gamers out there want to hold on to those gift cards? Absolutely.
Yeah definitely. And to be honest, there is nothing coming out in the next two weeks other
than Dead or Alive. Okay, I mean let's put it this way. Last week for games, there was
two games that came out. There was King Kong on the PSP and Pocket Dogs on the Game Boy
Advance. That is it. Oh god, we covered that in a previous show. That is it. Nothing, nada.
And now we're just talking about Dead or Alive 4 for this next week.
Only game coming out on the consoles, and then the next week there's a couple games,
and then that's it.
Then your next big game is going to be 25 to Life.
And then, Jamie, you were saying that UK's lineup looks pretty similar.
It's pretty much a ghost town for a little while.
Yeah.
The softer, the next big, you know, sell period comes up.
Yeah.
All right.
Interesting.
All right, let's do some console balance here.
We've talked enough about Xbox 360.
Let's talk a little bit about PS3.
I know Dark Sakura has a story about
Finally, we know like a game that might be coming to ps3
Actually unreal tournament 2007 is coming out for the PlayStation 3 and it's set in spring 2006 I
Think the date is almost more interesting than the announcement of the game itself. That's great. Yeah, it's actually pretty cool
I mean, I don't think it's too surprising that it's gonna be on PlayStation 3. Mm-hmm, but just the I
I mean honestly, to be out so quickly?
That's surprising to me, but actually I'm not so surprised
or I mean I am a little bit surprised by the fact that it's coming on PS3 because
when I think about Unreal Tournament previous games, I think of Xbox
but maybe that's just because that's where I owned Unreal before I sold it back
finally because I was bored of it
but, you know, I kind of always thought of it as an Xbox title, but yeah
Well, I have a feeling that we're gonna see it on Xbox 360
Mmm, but just that it's gonna be a I'm just sort of the whole announcement together. Right? It's sort of like the whoa
They could do a grand theft auto San Andreas where they put it out on one console exclusively for
You know XML months nine months or whatever and then they bring it out in the other systems later
Now I have a story about Nintendo revolution and that actually has to do a Zelda Twilight Princess is that
in
In a Nintendo magazine released in Europe, it's actually NGC and their January 2006 issue,
they're saying that Twilight Princess is going to be using the Revolution controller.
There's a quote here, our development team has decided to take extra time to add some
incredible elements.
There were elements that Miyamoto said were simply far too good to leave out.
We kind of heard about the delays the first time being the fact that they're going to
add something revolution special here so it looks like the controller is a big
part of that so kind of
pieces together with what we heard about the delay the first time so that whole
innovative controller thing will somehow come into play with
the revolution. Interesting. Yeah.
That's really all I got on the revolution. There's not a whole lot of other news. You got something?
I got something real quick on the PlayStation 3 which I thought was very interesting.
Everyone's wondering if the Blu-ray thing they were talking about region coding
whether they're actually just going to get rid of it
or what's going on. Well at least for the U.S. and
Japanese there's not going to be a real big issue because the
region coding for the blu-ray has been announced and Japan and U.S.
are in the same region code which should be very interesting.
Unfortunately Europe, they're gonna be
getting the bone again as they put in this article here because they're in a
different region.
Well that's not a surprise because their TVs are a different format.
With the high def TVs, I would have figured they're all the same format now.
Yeah, but how many people really have high def?
Alright, anyway, Loki, you had a story now about two of the systems here,
PlayStation 3 versus
Xbox 360 and what Microsoft's kinda...
The whole thing with the 360, it's always been from
the get-go that whenever the PlayStation 3 was gonna come out, they were gonna
launch Halo. So it's only fitting
that when they're gonna announce the PlayStation 3 launch, that they're gonna
announce the Halo 3 launch which is supposedly going to happen at the
Consumer Electronics Show 2006 which is happening actually in January here so
few more weeks and we'll know a little bit more about Halo 3 hopefully at least
that's what's going to be rumored to go down Microsoft's little trump card is
that we got Halo 3 you know what though I'm sorry to say but I mean Halo is a
pretty good game but a lot of the other games are coming out like Gears of War
right now they're really good and this game better be damn amazing like you'll
break through good in order for you know for two because pretty soon people are
gonna get to the point where hey Larry hey will threes come out oh well good
for you you know I don't know I think there's just there's a hardcore enough
fan base for halo that it won't matter halo 3 could blow goats and it wouldn't
matter it's halo you know I don't think it will though I do think it'll raise
the bar because you know III have high expectations and I don't think I'll be
disappointed but we'll see time will tell anyway let's move on and dark
soccer you know she's got to keep us in check sometimes especially during this
holiday season because you know you guys might be sitting there and you're
playing these games all day long but you remember to go outside once in a while
play in the snow unless you're in California then play in the rain play in
the mud play in the mud and if we you know sat around and played video games
all day long we'd have no time to go out and get drunk off eggnog so anyway dark
DarkSakura is here to give us her advice column.
DarkSakura, what are you going to tell the kids about this week?
Today's piece of advice is how to stop a runaway one horse open sleigh.
Now, things that could have been brought to my attention last week, DarkSakura.
Sorry, I didn't know that you were going and riding in a one horse open sleigh.
That's alright.
Tell me anyway.
Number one.
Stay in the sleigh.
Grip the cedar railing with one hand and the reins with the other.
2. Grab the reins. If you cannot reach the reins, or they are loose and dragging on the ground, do not attempt to reach them. Hold on to the sleigh and wait for the horses to tire.
3. Tug and release the reins with a medium pressure. Repeat until the horse begins to slow down.
4. When the horse slows down to a slow lope or a chop, pull one rein to the side.
With steady pressure, move the horse's head all the way around toward you.
This will cause the horse to begin going in a circle.
The horse will quickly tire of circling and slow to a walk.
5. Pull back with steady pressure on both reins until the horse stops.
But my final, final piece of advice...
Yes, ma'am?
take a taxi big political news going on I'm loving this game politics comm site
it's the place for me to catch up on all the drama that's going on with various
you know legislations and stuff they ran a couple stories this week about of
course the California video game law being blocked by a federal judge I don't
know if you heard about this we were hopefully if you listen to the show
you've heard about it, because we talked about it a lot when it first came out.
Well, a federal judge, that would be Judge Ronald White, actually blocked it, and somebody
I guess filled game politics in on the fact that the games were protected by the First
Amendment, said Judge White, children have First Amendment rights, and the concept of
strict scrutiny applies.
So very interesting, basically it's a First Amendment violation, as a lot of critics said
it was going to be.
So very interesting.
Now, of course, rebuttal, coming from Yee, Assemblyman Yee, who was the one who originally
wrote this bill, basically a type of, you know, the injunction is a temporary phase,
blah, blah, blah, we're confident that common sense will prevail, blah, blah, blah.
I thought this part was interesting.
Judge White's 17-page opinion granting the injunction made clear that while a preliminary
injunction may be necessary in the short term, he also challenged some of the claims made
by the plaintiffs.
He indicated that despite the claims of the ESA and the VDA that the act is far too burdensome
to apply as a standard to video game products, that the act should be simple enough for an
ordinary person to apply the games submitted to the court.
But then I also thought that was kind of interesting.
Medical data clearly indicates that these ultra-violent video games have harmful effects
on kids, and thus we have a state interest to protect them, blah, blah, blah, you know
where that's going.
actually crap did you bring up something at the exact opposite on a previous show
well first of all the Department of Justice has proven that there has been
we're actually at an a 30-year all-time low in violence among youth first of all
secondly is that just because all the kids are killing each other so there's
less to commit crimes kidding it takes but it would have to take some sort of
really fucked up in the head child to just go out and say oh I play Unreal
tournament I'm gonna go kill everybody in my school stupid I feel like the
comment about common sense and I do think common sense did prevail oh snap
yeah I just I don't we've had this debate for the past six months so I'm
almost a little done with it but my biggest issue with the California law
was the fact that it didn't set a clear regulation seemed like the bill was open
to a lot of interpretation so I hope if it is going back to the drawing board I
hope that's what they work on is some type of clear set guideline some type of
third-party board reviews these games and gives them the rating whatever just
you know as I've said many times for they should be done just like movies
what's the big deal that's how they are done in Europe you know what I'm
disappointed about what Arnold Schwarzenegger really what is the
problem with him with the Terminator let a lot like this be appealed so simply
no the Terminator go out and kill the bastards that you know try to appeal to
this law.
Arnold Schwarzenegger should be just ruling California with an iron fist.
You better should quit and go back to movies again, because...
I just...
Can we switch topics, please?
Please, just because I think he's so pathetic that he's not going to get re-elected, but
still.
Oh, you can send those cards and letters to DarkSakura, care of Orange Lawns Radio?
Oh, togo at orangelawnsradio.com, actually.
Yeah.
Oh.
Send those flowers.
Oh, let's see.
Oh.
gonna like go buy an island when I'm rich and infamous and create a dark
sakura land where I'm you know goddess of the island. Where King Kong lives? No I don't like
big hairy apes and bad adaptations of movies. Moving on moving on this is the
week of course where everybody's got to whip out their best of the year list
right because you know we're in that time where it's almost the the first of
2006 so everybody I don't know we feel this need in our society to rank things
like we've got to have a frickin best game of the year so of course some of
the game sites are getting in on the fun game spy has released their list of the
top 10 games of the year here they are 10 Tom Clancy splinter cell chaos theory
on Xbox 9 Legend of Zelda diminished cap Game Boy Advance 8 Dragon Quest 8
journey the cursed King PlayStation 2 7 Half-Life 2 on the Xbox 6 Battlefield 2
on the PC, 5 Call of Duty 2 on the Xbox 360, 4 Mario Kart DS on the Nintendo DS, 3 God
of War on the Playstation 2, 2 Resident Evil 4 on the GameCube, and 1 Civ 4 on the PC.
It was their number one game of the year.
GameSpot also did their game of the year, but they do it a little differently.
They nominate, and then they name one as the game of the year, nominated, they nominated
Battlefield 2, Civilization 4, F.E.A.R., Forza Motorsport, God of War, Guild Wars, Guitar
hero, Mario Kart DS, Ninja Gaiden Black, and the winner was Resident Evil 4 on the GameCube.
So I thought we could get in on the fun, but you know what guys, I don't want to name the
best game of the year, because you know what, we're gamers, and you're going to disagree
with us no matter what we say, so we're going to say our favorite game of 2005, and try
to stay away from that whole controversial best of thing, because even though we like
to think we're important, we know we're not.
So what were our favorite games of 2005?
I just want to know a runner-up and a best of and why so Loki your runner-up for best game of 2000
My runner-up for best game of 2005 would be burnout
Legend or burnout revenge actually screw burnout legends burnout legends sucked
Burnout revenge. I played that game non-stop
for months it just
Really fun. The only thing it lacked was good single-player mode, but just really fun
and I'm really looking forward to Burnout Revenge when it comes out in the 360.
Of course, my top game for...
No, no, no, no, no, no, hold on, hold on, let's get it on, I want to do my own app too!
Alright, let's see, my runner-up for best game of the year, I would say probably the
runner-up I would call best game of the year would probably be...
This is a tough one for me, and when you put this next to my game of the year, I'm going
to get some interesting reaction, but I would say my runner-up for best game of the year
would be Meteos on Nintendo DS because I thought it was such a great puzzle, it really started
the wave of great games coming out for the DS and I thought it was a puzzle with a lot
of replayability value to it, but I got to admit, as far as DS goes, this is a very close
call for me with Mario Kart DS, but my problem with Mario Kart DS is that it did feel a little
bit rushed and I don't think the online was polished enough for me to really consider
it a game of the year title but I do acknowledge the Nintendo has made leaps
and bounds in that whole online world thing and I think Mario Kart said a
great precedent but I don't think I could call it my favorite game of the
year because medios got a lot more play for me so medios would be my runner-up
for game of the year dark soccer you're in or out for game of the year Animal
Crossing Animal Crossing T has why because I don't know it's just I played
it every day it's the first game that I have even when I was so busy with school
I've made time for it every day awesome so it's it get definitely gets it sounds
good Loki game of the year my game of the year is just from the fact that I
play it the most is gonna be Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories and only
reason why it's the game of the year for me because this game is pretty much the
exact same thing as Grand Theft Auto 3 is for the multiplayer and this is
something that they should have had ever since it came out on PlayStation 2.
There's no doubt about it that they shouldn't have at least brought it in by Vice City.
It really needed to be in there, and the multiplayer part is literally the best part of the game
for me, and I will be playing this game probably for months.
My favorite game of the year, it's very interesting because I haven't seen this get a lot of,
it got a lot of critical acclaim when it first came out, but it's noticeably absent from
on a lot of these top game of the year lists.
And honestly, this was a game that sold systems.
This was a system seller, this was an amazing game.
It revolutionized an entire genre of game.
And I realize this is gonna sound a little weird
when you put it next to my runner-up,
because the fact that they were both made
by the same company, but my runner-up is really the game
that I played a heck of a lot of,
but my game of the year is something I gotta recognize,
is being like it really pushed the bar.
Luminous for the PSP is absolutely my favorite game
that came out this year.
I think it's the reason to have a PSP for me, it really is, and I know I sound like
a total puzzle game addict when you put those two side by side, but they really did push
the bar in different ways for their systems.
This really was, considering we're looking at the year of the current gen systems going
out the door and the next gen systems coming in the door, I think this year really was
the year for handhelds to shine.
I think having a DS and PSP title seems very fitting, and those two really raised the bar
for me.
Bitch, all you want about me picking two puzzlers by the same company back to back, but they
raised the bar for me in a way no other game could, and they're my picks, damn you.
Dark Soccer, your game of the year.
The game that made Bimani fans everywhere forget that Guitar Freaks ever existed?
Guitar Hero?
Very good.
Very good pick.
Very good pick.
Because, I mean seriously, we were thinking about importing Guitar Freaks V when it comes
out.
like why we have guitar hero which is so much more innovative than guitar freaks
because all Konami's been doing is just recycle recycle recycle oh let's not do
MIDI this time but guitar freaks actually makes it feel like you're
playing a guitar I thought it was very very cool of you know red octane to come
out to my house and say here you can play guitar freaks in your living room
on TV and I thought that that was really cool they're trying to put that time and
effort into it you know to try to make it something that that people would want
to play not instead of just saying oh well we're doing something like guitar
freaks no no no no no they they innovated on it and I thought that was
pretty cool there you have it our picks for games of the year 2005 our picks
there you have it all right moving on let's talk about dark cycle you had an
There is an interesting kind of feature story about innovation in the scene, what is this
all about?
Yeah, speaking of innovation, there is an article up on GameSpot that I thought was
pretty interesting.
It was one that a friend of mine who is a game tester referred me to and I thought that
it was pretty interesting.
Basically it's, there's not so much of a lack of innovation as much as a lack of wanting
to use that innovation that's going out, you know.
There's actually a very good quote in here that says, innovation is dead, dying, every
once in a while somebody will slip something in that will shock us but for the most part
there's no money in innovation even if it's great.
The industry is really looking for what do people already like and can we make a sequel.
We are seeing such sequel-intensive titles now.
We see more Halos, more Metal Gear, more, you know, instead, you know, what was the
last really innovative game that we got?
I mean, for example, Luminous, I thought was a very good, but it's still a puzzle game.
Well...
Katamari Damacy now, that was innovation.
But yeah, we got a sequel this year that really, well, you know...
And it's more of the same.
It is and it isn't.
It did expand on it, but I couldn't name We Heart Katamari my game of the year because
you're right.
It wasn't as innovative as the first time you saw it, you know what I mean?
The other quote in here, and by the way, this is by Webush Morgan Securities analyst Michael
Pachter, I guess that's how his name is pronounced, says, �The best business for a publisher
is to give people what you know they want, and what you know they want is a sequel to
what they wanted last time, so we don't see a whole lot of innovation.�
You know what's interesting to us, Sakura?
I'm actually as you're saying this and talking about sequels and everything
I'm looking at GameSpy's top 10 just up top my head here out of these 10 games on the list
Only one of them is not a sequel or some type of story continuation type thing like, you know
Tom Clancy Splinter Cell Chaos Theory, you know what I mean?
Only one of these games God of War is a new title
There's another good quote from here from him in here and this actually makes a lot of sense because I was just discussing this with somebody
The other day I think with my well, it wasn't just with my husband
it was with a couple other people because, you know, Dan and I talk games all the time.
But it's another one from him that says, the problem I have with the whole sequel thing
is it's not just sequels, it's once we see that World War II combat shooters work, we've
got 50 of them, the funny thing is that the next year after we saw that, everyone thought
if World War II worked, Vietnam would work too, but all those games were a disaster,
now we've got how many more World War II games coming out.
So we see them trying to go on the same path, and then it goes, no, no, no, we like this.
So on top of that, it's not necessarily that there's not a willingness to innovate as much
as there's not a willingness of the consumer base to test an innovative product.
No, and I have to laugh just because you're mentioning about the World War II shooters
and the Vietnam ones not working.
Speaking of other genres of war not working, I saw a game that was actually being put out
by Vivida Universal and backed by the History Channel.
It was a civil war, first person to share.
Yeah, that's something that would work.
DarkSocko, what do you think, I got a question for you.
What do you think of Nintendo's sort of response to this whole thing?
It's kind of like Nintendo kind of sees, well, if the games aren't innovating, let's innovate
the system and and kind of see what happens you see they're taking a big
risk but that's why I say to is they're taking a big risk and Nintendo when you
are Nintendo you can do no wrong yeah but the thing is is that I think that
they're really resting on their laws quite a bit you know hey we're Nintendo
we can get away with this crap and you'll like it cuz we said so cuz we're
Nintendo do you think it's one of those things where it's like you know Nintendo
sort of like they're gonna try this out but if even if they fail miserably they
They could always turn the controller sideways, and it's just like any other console.
You know what they're gonna do?
I see them pulling an Xbox.
Oh, you don't like this controller?
Here's another one.
You know, when we got the controller S, and now it's almost the standard?
Interesting, yeah, true, true.
The controller S that we got over here was the same one released with the Japanese systems,
which I knew people freaking importing that controller
because it's so much more comfortable than the Humongoid controller.
I'm sorry. I got these little small fingers. I wouldn't touch our Xbox. So the whole thing is that now um, I
Think that's what's gonna happen with Nintendo's and people are gonna go. Oh, this controller is kind of stupid
We want a real one. It's I don't know again more money in the Nintendo pocket, but but
If they put out the Zelda games and the Mario games and the which you know
You could question is that really innovative? But if they put that kind of stuff out with the controller and it does well
Well, I think that there's a very good example in here, though, of innovative projects that
they've proven have worked, Psychonauts, where it was officially going to be an Xbox exclusive
and Microsoft dropped it.
They went to all over the place and Majesco, of course, picked it up.
Again, it was on Xbox, PC, PS2.
I think one of the ones that's listed in here that they went to was Vivendi, and they said
they were interested in it, but said it was too risky.
But it's been one of the...
I haven't played enough of that game to really know, so...
I haven't honestly played much.
I've been considering it just because I've heard how, you know, neat it is, but still,
I mean, you know, it's also, though, why we don't get a lot of the really awesome Japanese
games, I think.
You know, we never got, what, we never got, what, Psychic Force over here?
Oh, we damn near didn't get Katamari Damacy. We didn't get Oz over here.
No.
So...
You know, and on top of that, I think that's why it's taken so long for us to get DDR.
Well, it's taken us so long. Like, we're just now getting BeatMania, and how long has it been out in Japan?
Ninety...well...
Ninety-three.
Yeah, a long time. No, not that long.
Yes.
Really?
Yeah.
Ninety-three.
It's been a while.
Jeez. No, because the PlayStation...the first mix was on PlayStation. PlayStation was...well, shit, maybe.
Oh, anyway.
Ninety-three.
Alright, whatever. So a long time.
Well, keep in mind that the PlayStation was released in Japan in 1993.
Yeah.
Because we had mine in my dorm room in 1994, and it was new.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
But it's just been...
It takes forever for us to get anything,
and their market, I think, is always looking for something new and fresh
and something different because there's so much that's homogenous in their society.
Do we have a skewed perspective, though, because we happen to be fans of those types of games,
but maybe those games aren't really the ones that sell here?
Because when you look at the American market,
You know, despite our distaste towards these games, it is all about Madden, NBA Live, and
all that stuff.
You know?
Is that why we...
I honestly think that the average American has too narrow a scope to look for anything
new and different beyond what they already know.
Again, those cards and letters can go to...
I said average.
I know.
And if you listen to this show, you've already demonstrated you have impeccable taste.
Anyway, we've got to move on to another story, but that was a very, where was this again?
I think this might be a good read.
It was on, just the, I'll go ahead and give out the URL, it's at gamespot.com slash news
slash 6141519.html.
Very good article, I suggest everyone give it a thorough reading.
Well, now let's counterbalance, Dark Soccer has given us something very thoughtful and
a very good brain stimulant, let's go to the complete opposite end of the spectrum and
Talk about Jack Thompson.
Jack Thompson has bought stock in Take-Two Interactive, who publishes rock star games
like The Warriors and Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
Why the hell would he do this when this is his main enemy, Dark Sakura?
We brought up something on the live show about people complaining about Konami.
As a stockholder, he has the right to challenge any business decision of the company.
That's exactly what he's doing.
He wants to be able to go to stockholder meetings.
I have to say, as much as I loathe the man, that's frickin' brilliant.
You know what's also brilliant?
The fact that he hasn't re-registered his site, StopKill.com, which, by the way, domain
is up for auction right now.
So if you've got $60, you can actually go bid on it.
Hey.
Think about it.
Think about it.
That would be a great way to promote the show.
All right.
Of course, we'd get sued, but hey.
No, we wouldn't.
No, we would own it.
Anyway, I don't know.
We'll see.
Weíll make ourselves one hell of an enemy.
Do you all want to chip in 20 bucks?
Iím in.
Iím in.
Letís do it.
Letís do it.
We are buying it.
Loki, give me the URL.
Weíll go bid on it.
Iíll give you $20 right now.
All right.
Weíll go bid on it.
Anyway, weíll see.
This is the sound of my wallet unzipping.
Weíll see what happens.
More to come on that.
Anyway, weíll talk offline about that.
Also what I thought was interesting, there was a little dig here at Microsoft CEO Bill
Gates.
Whatís next?
The game in which players can practice flying commercial jetliners into the World Trade Towers?
Oh, I forgot. Microsoft already did that.
Thank Time's Man of the Year, Bill Gates.
Which I think is kind of a low blow. I mean...
Come on.
Sure, you can fly planes in two buildings, but...
You crash.
This is not exactly the point of the game, you dumbass.
This is my open letter to Jack Thompson.
Give up. Please just give up.
People are laughing at you.
Dog, I'm gonna laugh at you.
We had a story about In the Groove, because we were talking about the guitar hero earlier.
Let's talk about Red Octane's other music game that wasn't quite as critically acclaimed,
but what's going on with In the Groove?
In the Groove is coming to the PC, which is odd, because I thought it was already out
on the PC when it was called StepMania.
But yeah, apparently it's coming to the PC and Mac OS X.
The features are going to be including a full editor for creating step edits like StepMania
and the ability to save those edits to your USB memory card for use with In the Groove
1 or 2 at the arcades.
More info coming soon at inthegroove.com.
Now for those people actually still playing StepMania, or as I like to call it, In the
Groove 3, you can actually download a brand new build of StepMania 4.0 which isn't finalized
yet.
Anyways, this one has Para Para support, which you can actually use the Japanese controller
with, the USB one, and they've got some test songs on there as well, so definitely worth
checking out.
You can find all that at stepmania.com.
Pada Pada Pada Dice, because you don't look fruity enough playing DDR.
Exactly.
Hey, we've seen fruity on that game.
I know, I know.
Drunken parties where people are throwing their girlfriends' clothing.
If you want to send fan letters or hate letters or letters that encourage stimulating conversation
or news tips. We get an awful lot of news tips from like our buddy Rob, and I...
Let me guess, do we have a Rob mail this week?
We actually did get a Rob mail, but I've already covered it, because I had
pulled that up from one of the sites that I review already.
About, um...
Actually, no, I haven't done it yet. It's an article I'd already pulled up. Sorry.
Oh, but you were gonna cover it.
I was gonna cover it.
Oh, shit. Go for it. Why not?
About Ubisoft, um, working with, uh, Taito to release, uh, Exit for the, uh,
for the PSP.
And it's a puzzle action game, looks like Oddworld 2, but I got my news from a different
source than what he linked to me.
Just to give a little background for this story, players control an escapologist called
Mr. ESC, like your escape button, and must guide him around obstacles while rescuing
people.
You know, you have fires, earthquakes, stuff like that.
A hundred different scenarios, downloadable content also made available.
EXIT's also going along just for our European listeners.
It's going to be, they're saying that it's going to fit in very well with some
of the games being released like Frantics and Grip Shift, which is a puzzle driving game.
Cool. Just a couple other of the emails received as soon as I pulled them up.
one of our new listeners, Mason, who I think has just the most awesome email ever, I'm
not going to give it out, but yeah, I like donuts too, um, so he, um, uh, imported Guitar
Freaks controller and a copy of Guitar Freaks 4th Mix Good Game, his controller broke, honestly,
third party controllers, never buy them, hello, get the Konami controller, sorry.
You know what's really interesting, you know, if you want to go into history, is that who
is making most of the third party controllers for Guitar Freaks? Red Octane, what's their
bread and butter now. Guitar Hero, you think they're still making those third party controllers?
Oh hell no. Don't think so. But instead on here, when I heard about Guitar Hero I was
kind of hesitant. I wasn't sure if I should get it, will the controller break just as
easily as my third party Guitar Freaks controller? Nope. No, that thing is freaking sturdy. I
could probably bang it on a speaker, you know, I'll go rock out or something and it not tear
up. Not that I would seriously want to do that. Here's the determining factor, do you
want Guitar Hero or do you want Guitar Freaks? Do you want American rock or do you want the,
you know, otaku, j-pop, co-op, you know, all that stuff.
It's midi versus real guitar.
Well, that too, but you know, do you want j-pop, do you want American rock?
Because the song lists are vastly different between the two.
Guitar Hero is worth the money that you'll spend on it.
On top of that, if you're going to play Guitar Freaks,
I know of sites I will tell you, you know, via email where I do my ordering from
because I don't want to, unless they want to pay us.
But I ordered both of my controllers for very reasonable, although they're a lot harder
to get now.
And Guitar Hero has freeze pop!
Freeze pop!
Yes, they have freeze pop!
And also, it's kind of funny if you can go back and watch them making of movies, they're
really fun.
Any other emails?
Uh, yes.
yes Rodney says Roddycat has sent us an email saying about how Sega
mentioning that to our Sega making a classic game story and he's thinking
it's Alex Kidd. I was like well it's not quite run and gun. It's a
franchise that I think should be revived yeah I actually my favorite ever game
for the master system next to of course fantasy zone because I'm a big fantasy
zone whore space here well yeah space Harrier but I mean like for that we're
just me I really love Alex Kidd and shinobi world that's just fun for me
this was more a Genesis thing but it's got to be altered beast rise from your
grave anyway yeah and also we got a kudos from our Mac man for reading his
last letter on here and so I'm going to say hi again Mac man so if you want to
get said hi to on the air it's to go at orange launch radio comm is our email
address he cracked me up he said Mac man equals I who have superb taste in
computers all right huh forget it it's the Mac man our Mac look he's looking at
porn on the other computer now for minutes on end I'm looking at info okay
about about porn about porn about porn however though there is a game coming up
that I really do want to check out this is coming out for our European audience
experience, which was actually already released before as a simple 2000 series, volume 50,
the Dibogyn, which is going to be re-released as Demolition Girl. It's a game where you
fly around in a helicopter and you attack 50-foot women. I don't know, it just appeals
to me in some way.
Loki, Loki, mailbag, mailbag time. Your time later, mailbag time.
Actually I'm done.
Oh, okay, never mind. Anything else then about the Demolition Girl? Does it have Daryl Hannah
in it. It does not have Daryl Hannah in it, but it's actually being released in Europe
as a budget title, which is very interesting. Definitely need to check it out, among other
games, like Kingdom Hearts 2, which I'll be playing probably this week.
Oh, Kingdom Hearts 2! I watched the ending because I'm bad. I am so awful. And the ending
leaves me with many more questions than anything else I've seen on the internet.
So in other words, it's inevitable there's going to be a Kingdom Hearts 3?
I don't know, actually, but Jamie needs this game now.
I'm freaking tempted to import it, except I can't read Japanese very well.
This is a good plug for our live station, which runs music from games 24 hours a day,
7 days a week, at OrangeHonserator.com, because we just put in Rotation this week, the theme
from Kingdom Hearts II.
It's Utada Hikaru with Passion.
Of course, I picked like the worst clip from- let's try another clip, here we go.
Anyway, check that out over at orangeletcherd.com, that's in rotation now, so.
I need that for one particular level, actually.
Freakin' Tron.
Freakin' Tron, I know, that'd be awesome.
What?
They put a Chicken Little level in there.
No, Chicken Little is not in there, he's a summon.
I saw that Zach Braff was doing the voice in the American version because they released the voice.
That list is the one off of IMDB and it is not correct.
Really? Oh.
Do not trust anything that IMDB puts out as far as voice acting goes until the official list comes out.
That's because IMDB is user-powered, right?
Exactly.
All they did was port over the actors who played them.
However, I do have a strong feeling that they are going to get Johnny Depp.
Well, we'll see.
And, and, and, and, there's also Steamboat Willy Lovell and it's so cute!
Alright, let's go over to Loki who has a couple more stories for us about, well just clear
us out whatever stories you got over there, Loki.
Okay, real quick, there was actually some really nice Christmas gifts that a few Game
of Publishers have been putting out, these being in the form of new downloads for some
games actually out there right now. The first one starting off with the
Xbox is they've actually got some map packs coming out
for Star Wars Battlefront 2 and you can get those
actually available on Xbox Live and they're available
they're going to be having another January pack coming out
about five bucks featuring some more maps in there as well which is pretty
cool.
The other map pack that's coming out is actually for the PC
and it's going to be for Quake 4 and you've got three free maps that you can actually
download on the official website idsoftware.com so definitely check those out if you play
some Quake 4.
And then finally there was actually some for, oh no wait actually that was it.
My mistake I had two of the same story on there.
Well I thought you had a story about Wal-Mart and stockpiling 360's or something.
Yes, Wal-Mart is pulling a Best Buy basically and they're going to be doing a sale for New
years and they're stock probably in 360s supposedly. So definitely if you haven't got a 360 yet
still interested in getting one, go check out your Walmart on New Year's Day.
I've been hearing rumors that, and I can't say what my source is or where I got it from,
but some of the game vendors are hoping to have their pre-orders filled by actually mid
to end January.
That's good news for a lot of people. Let's hope it's true. Anything else, Loki?
I was just going to mention kind of in the homebrew since, um, senile team, um, the people
behind this kind of a, what was it, a Streets of Rage PC game called Beats of Rage that
you might have also covered it before when it was on the PSP, they did a port of it.
Uh, they have a new game coming out called Age of Beasts, um, which looks like an updated
version of, um, Streets of Rage but, um, they've done it in more of kind of the Altered Beast
type thing.
Should be really cool. I'm actually kind of looking forward to play around with it some more because you can do some shooter type stuff
And I'm a pretty good game. Definitely check them out at senileteam.segaforums.com
All right, and finally tonight boys and girls. I hope this didn't happen to you, but
World of Warcraft call or pulled what I would call a Ragnarok online this week when they said we ban you
We ban you to
18,000 accounts
Cancelled! Why were they cancelled?
Third party programs to farm gold and items.
Stop effing up the economy, you're banned.
I actually got my account cancelled.
You weren't one of these 18,000, were you?
No, they rejected my ATM card because I got a new one.
That's not nearly as interesting.
I don't care if it's about you, that's not interesting. Alright.
Of course if it's about me it's interesting. I'm a show diva.
We're going to go around now and give everybody's final thought because we're about to wrap
it up.
We do have one more note for you guys, but first the final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I've got to get to planes of these games that I have on cue to basically
play Kingdom Hearts 2, of course, because I have a walkthrough because I can't read
Japanese.
Alright.
My final thought would be January 1st on our live show, we're making a huge announcement
about the future of Orange Lounge Radio.
It will change everything.
It's going to be good.
Check it out.
Of course, if you miss that, we will say it on the podcast as well.
And we're getting drunk?
Well, yeah, that'll be interesting nonetheless.
And of course, that will air at 2 a.m. London time the next day.
Big announcement January 1st.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Reject false icons and number two,
remember, don't shoot the food.
Now, of course, we have one other little footnote
because, you know, it is the holiday season
and it's, you know, we're still spreading the cheer.
Even if Christmas is over, there's still,
you know, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, a bunch of holidays.
My brother told me happy Kwanzaa today.
Because you're so, you know, Kwanzaa's celebrating.
Anyway.
Anyway, we thought this was really cool, actually another podcast did this and they sent us
an email saying happy holidays and we thought you'd want to share this with your listeners
and I thought, you know what, this was so well produced and this was cute.
I know that's probably a really bad word to describe something that a bunch of guys put
together is that it's cute.
That's adorable.
But it's a neat song, it's cool.
These guys over at DreamStationCC is their website, dreamstation.cc.
The folks on the DreamStation video game show actually put this little happy holiday song
together and it's kind of funny because they talk about noobs getting pwned in it, which
is, you know, if you speak elite, that's pretty funny.
So we thought we'd play it for you guys here, so if you want to hear more crazy antics from
these guys, head on over to www.dreamstation.cc and remember kids, support independent podcasts.
we're closing with this so have a great week we'll see you next time
to click your heels
Riding this road as you hear it squeal
The town seems full of lardies
and lights you'll never know
It's Christmas at DreamStation
where all the news gets honed
The Net Cafe is where I play
A ticket to gaming, I spend my day
It's Christmas in Korea
I haven't had food for days
XBox knows it's only slow
For Nintendo has nothing to show
The PC's slowly dying
except for the MMO.
The ducks are playing Madden, the chicks are playing WoW,
the PC dudes are fragging noobs, the noobs are wondering how.
Carve the ham and damn the man, alienate every one of our fans
from Canada to Africa in places we've never owned.
It's Christmas at the station where all the noobs get owned.
And just one final footnote, don't
expect us to sing ever, ever.
Hey, I think that we should end this show on a high note.
What?
Except I can't sing that.
We already know how the whole singing thing
went down.
No, I forgot, put a copy of Karaoke Revolution over it. No, no, no, we should probably...
I think when we do our little outtakes DVD,
we need to put I'm Stayin' In on it.
Alright.
Longest show ever, good job guys. Happy holidays, this is our gift.
See you next time!
