Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of December 12th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Lowkey.
Hello, everybody. Once again, and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio To Go,
your home for discussion on video games, video game news,
Video game discussion about games that don't suck but sometimes we do have to talk about games that do suck just to tell you to
Avoid them tonight is episode 50 of our podcast. Yay. Yeah means 50 weeks in a row. We've been here
Podcasting is that new it's only been around like a little bit in a year, you know, so it's kind of cool
So we're just a couple weeks from a one-year anniversary. Of course that means
With me, as always, is the one and only Dark Sakura.
Hi.
How you doing?
My voice keeps coming and going.
I still have the plague.
I do still have the plague.
It sucks because I've learned that lung cookies really are not a delicacy.
I see.
Also with us, say hello to the one and only Loki.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm quite stuffed up.
And I'm also sick so you know what that means all three of us are sick
We all have I don't think we all have the plague, but we all have something bad
I know it's it's horrible
We had to cancel our live show this week cuz we both have the micro plague maybe mini plague mini place
I shall call it mini plague. I don't know but it's sucks, but
We weren't gonna call in sick for episode 50 this would happen to us on like a landmark
style show to us so
So, anyway, let's get into it, same shtick as always, what kind of stuff you been playing
this week?
Dark Sakura.
Um, Animal Crossing.
I've been playing with my villagers and hitting you in the head with a net, and hitting people
I don't know in your village with a net, and I stubbed you in the toe with my shovel.
And you also planted a pitfall that I fell into, thank you.
I planted one for myself so that I could fall into it right in front of you to make you
feel better.
But you got out of it before I was able to get my bug net out and start whacking you
while you were in the hole.
So, it made me sad.
It's alright.
This is me giving you a flat look that our listeners can't hear.
Great radio.
I also have been watching Dan play a lot of that game that I'm getting really bored of
watching, the Project Gotham Racing 3, because it looks like the cars are still floating
Okay, I've been playing Animal Crossing, which is fun, and I've been playing a little bit
Need for Speed, or not Need for Speed, Ridge Racer 6, because that's cool. I've been playing
also very, very little of Project Gotham, because I kind of suck at that game, and Amp
3. Amp 3 is really fun. Yes, and I finally got my 360 because I had to go buy it from
somebody who is charging an exorbitant amount of money for it, but you know what, I'm satisfied.
Shame! You know what? It's all Microsoft's fault.
Our listeners can't see me pointing and laughing.
I don't know. You let me down, Loki. No, it's...
You know, you gotta do what makes you happy, and if that's really what makes you happy,
is one of those big white paperweights, then...
Let me put it this way, okay? I checked back with my GameStop to see what they've got, dude.
see okay maybe mine will come okay I was about 48 on the list or something like
that that's after you know I pre-ordered that back in August so anyways they have
gotten in in the I know three weeks or so since the launch to that is it to at
at that rate my 360 would arrive in february
so now didn't you get a tip that a bunch of Best Buy's are getting a bunch more
360's on a particular day
yeah I don't want to wait in line, I don't want to wait early in the morning in line for this stuff
well what about our listeners who might want to know the tip
well there's going to be a lot of 360's arriving at Best Buy for their
their December 18th sale they're gonna have
at least 20 per store some a lot more than that
and you can actually find, there's a whole list I posted in my live journal.
Where did you figure this out? Because the list you got looked really official.
It's on GameFAQs. Someone had posted a list that
I guess is off of a printout or something. But anyways,
basically most of the stores, like in our area, were getting 24 per store. One of them was
getting 30
or 40 I think, but that's about it, yeah.
So if you want one, you better be waiting in line again.
like the launch all over again which I find funny because
Best Buy is getting, what, like, tons of these 360s
and GameStop is getting two. What the hell?
Well that's because for every Best Buy there's like 20 GameStops at least in this area.
It's ridiculous. But anyways, the whole thing
is just, it's a big ripoff. Before you go buy your 360
take a good look at what accessories you need and how much those are gonna cost.
Let me tell you this much I
Ended up using my entire pre-order amount of money on the 360 that I had on there
$430 on accessories that is how much their fucking accessories cost
Okay, those controllers $50 each for the wireless ones those you know component cables try $40 for stupid cables
I mean, it's ridiculous. And if you get a core system, good luck. I
I do understand that someone went into, I think it was at my husband's store
and dropped three grand on his platinum
360 with controllers and games. Wow.
I don't feel sorry for them one bit. For them
losing, oh poor things losing $140
per system they sell, oh don't fucking care
okay. I mean even, I had
they get a core system is the one I got and it has composite cables with it
composite cables do have S-video on them, you have to buy separate cables which are
thirty dollars
way more than any other cables I've seen but
for S-video it's pretty ridiculous
but I might add though composite does still look really good for the system
that's pretty good for if you have really shitty TV I don't think you need
anything better than composite unless you're running an HDTV or like a
computer monitor or something.
The only thing that you will run into is the text is hard to read if you don't have S-video or something like that.
That's it.
So what are your impressions of Xbox 360?
I like it.
Is it worth all the money you poured into it?
Well, yeah, because I'm going to use it a lot in my, you know, here and with my job at work and stuff, so it is worth it in that sense.
And I was going to pick it up at some point, and I mean, other people have done the same, you know, they spent money on it.
And I just, I don't see, I had like six games waiting for the system, I just didn't want
to wait another two months to be able to not play these games or whatever.
But so far, you know, I like it, it's pretty fun, it's definitely a pretty good game system.
Project Gotham, though, is more to like Gran Turismo than me, and I don't really like
Gran Turismo, but it is still pretty, you know, it's a nice game.
But I don't know.
I'm hoping that most of these games that come out, because I haven't played a lot of the
games yet, um, aren't just all pretty graphics and horrible gameplay.
Did you get a chance to play Perfect Dark Zero yet?
Not yet.
It actually is pretty worthwhile.
Yeah, I don't know, you know, um, assuming you're done with your, should be all in your
week and kind of moving into my game of the week, because you brought over the 360 tonight
and you were checking it out a little bit, um, I don't know if I saw anything that made
me go, wow, I gotta have this system, like, right now.
You know, granted the games I saw, well, Project Gotham looked probably the best out of the
you showed me, I think Project Gotham looked the best, but I don't know, it just seemed
like all it was was stuff that the Xbox could do, but now supporting HDTV, and I'm thinking,
you know, I'm lucky to have a 30 something inch HDTV, if I didn't have that, I don't
think the game would look that much better than the regular Xbox, or a computer monitor
or something else to hook it up to that can support the higher end textures, so I don't
know, I'm not sure I kind of get it yet, but maybe when some other games come out, because
Because I'm definitely looking forward to some of the upcoming games.
I think there are some definitely better games coming out, like for example Ghost Recon and
Advanced Warfighter.
That game looks amazing.
Just graphically it's amazing the detail that's in the game, just like with the systems and
the weapons you use.
It's really good.
I kind of think at this point they should have just waited.
I don't...
They should have.
I understand why they, you know, were trying to rush for Christmas.
They have become the talked about item for Christmas, which is what they wanted, but
at what price?
At what price?
I think they've really fucked up this whole launch and a lot of people are definitely
pissed off at them.
I mean, granted, some people aren't gonna care and they're still gonna get their 360,
but some of them are saying, you know, fuck this, I'm gonna wait for the PS3.
And I mean, even if that is a small percentage, that's still your core customers you're losing
because you chose to do this.
I don't know, don't you think though that with the right game those people would come
back to play Devil's Advocate a little bit?
Don't you think with the right game coming out in the future, you know, especially, you
what is it the Xbox 360 lacks right now? Role-playing games, right? Let's say that, you know, with
all these developments that some of the folks that were working for Square are going over
to make games for the 360, starting their own company, when some of these games come
out, that's going to make the 360 a hell of a lot more desirable, no matter how bad their
launch was.
With all the pencils coming out for the PS3, and all that stuff too, I mean, it's...
Microsoft did, you know, get support from Sega, Tetsuya Mizuguchi, Sakaguchi, Okamoto,
all the big, some of the big guys that were with Square, Capcom.
Yeah, so it's interesting to see what's going to be coming up in the future.
I don't know.
I just think, although this launch might be screwy, I think people, and people are talking
shit now, I think people are going to overlook it in a year.
But you're right, it really depends on the strength of the PS3, but hopefully Sony's
taking notes and they'll have enough chips when they're ready to go.
Well hopefully it comes down to let's not all launch, worldwide launch was dumb.
It was really dumb.
And they didn't truly launch worldwide, they launched in three major markets, the three
biggest ones.
You split up your systems and you have shortages in three countries, I don't call that worldwide
launch.
I call that, oh I shipped some of my units to someplace else.
Yeah, good point.
Alright, anyway, as far as other games I played this week, of course Animal Crossing is big
news and I've checked out Animal Crossing you know it's very similar to
the GameCube version it I kind of call it Animal Crossing Plus because it's
very very similar to the GameCube version but with like new items and new
stuff and new things to do. That's ironic. Why is that? Cuz double to nomori on
GameCube was double to nomori plus. Yeah yeah. The first one was on Nintendo 64.
Animal Forest Plus basically. It still looks like a Nintendo 64 game. It does but
that's okay because... It's a scrolly land. Yeah, you know, the land is different but it makes it
nice, makes it that seamless, you know, feeling to it. It sounds like the
objectives take longer and of course the Wi-Fi is is pretty cool. The first couple
days were rough. I was getting a lot of communication errors those first two
days but it's calmed down a lot. I've had a lot of people in and out of my village.
What can I say? I'm an Animal Crossing whore. And it's been good. Overall, the
experience has been pretty good. Sometimes it can be really slow with that
Wi-Fi stuff, not that you get lag, but that when somebody comes into your village,
save, wait, here they come, save, you know,
it's a pretty slow process, but overall, you know, can't complain.
It certainly adds so much more to the game when you don't have to be taking a
physical memory card over to somebody else's house.
If you enjoyed Animal Crossing on the GameCube, you will
enjoy this on the DS. I think you'll kind of find that you're kind of rediscovering
what you liked about Animal Crossing 1 all over again. My
fear about this game is that it's gonna be another Nintendogs that in in two
weeks none of us will be playing it anymore after we all pay off our houses
that was a problem with Animal Crossing 1 after everybody paid off their house
bye game and I don't know I it's difficult to say at this point but it's
also you know not trying to collect all the retro Nintendo games anymore yeah
you don't have that anymore people who still tend to their GameCube houses I
know and there's always gonna be babysitting my village there's gonna be
the hardcore, you know, people, but for the average gamer, I think they're going to move
on after a couple weeks. I just have this bad feeling it's going to be another Nintendogs.
I don't know, I think it'll last longer than Nintendogs, because I think there's more to
do, but I just, I don't know, I don't see this thrill lasting, especially with, you
know, games that are going to be coming out in January, February. I think this was a good
time for the game to come out, but I don't know, I just don't see the honeymoon lasting
forever with Animal Crossing.
I think it's going to stick around for a little while.
We'll see.
See, ever since I got Animal Crossing, I haven't touched Mario Kart.
I'll probably go back to that, though.
Anyway, let's talk about some gaming news, what's going on in the gaming world, and since
we've been talking Xbox 360, let's talk about the launch in Japan, which happened.
Yes, they launched the Xbox 360 in Japan this past week, and of course it's the last of
the three major companies they're launching this in.
What's interesting though, not quite the same lines that you saw here in America.
Over 250 people waiting in line at Sutaya, which is where this big countdown event was,
but when you went to other stores around, Yodobashi Akiba, which is a big superstore
in Tokyo, only 21 people lined up before 7 a.m., which is nothing compared to the lines
they had here.
But of course, Microsoft is not calling this a failure yet in Japan, and I think a lot
of, you know, you can really tell who the MS fanboys and the anti-MS fanboys are because,
you know, I'm sure the anti-Microsoft people are quick to jump on this and say, oops, my
mic went out again.
The anti-Microsoft people are quick to jump on this and say, oh, they failed, the Xbox
360 failed in Japan.
I don't know.
I've been pretty critical of Microsoft in the past, stupid mic, I've been pretty critical
of Microsoft in the past, but I don't say just because they had a slower launch, don't
count them out.
Again, we were just talking about, you know, the big games are going to be coming out later
next year, and what are the games that Japanese gamers really want that aren't out on the
Xbox 360 at all right now?
Enchanted Arm.
RPGs in general.
And I'm sorry, Cameo does not count.
It's a platformer.
Yeah.
So, don't count it out in Japan yet.
Wait and see what happens when the dudes from Final Fantasy put out their game on the Xbox
360 or whatever it is they're planning.
Wait and see how that does or doesn't do.
That's the true indication of how the system's going to do, I think.
Jamie, you have kind of a follow-up on that?
Well, yeah, just a lot of the market analysts in Japan are really, really down on it, saying
that...
In fact, there's a quote on here saying that they previously thought the Xbox 360 would
gain a major share of Japanese market by taking some of the share from Sony, but now that
prospect might not be realized given the limited attractiveness of its titles and lukewarm
functions.
That last part's a direct quote.
However, they were saying, actually according of a survey at the CESA that, I'm sorry I'm
getting tongue tied.
That's why we're all feeling it tonight. Yeah CSA survey at the Tokyo game show was saying that
23% of the consumers won an Xbox 360 compared to under 21% interested in the revolution
But see the thing that gets me is that all these analysts are talking about Oh
PlayStation 3 PlayStation 3 they're comparing
They're basically comparing what exists to what might exist. I mean
we've seen the demo the tech I'm sure all of us will saw a lot of the demo
stuff you know those out on the internet now for the PlayStation 3 and I went
into that pretty little show they had at e3 but honestly don't count your
chickens for their hatched same with Nintendo because Nintendo is you know
they're taking what's always been oranges and making apples now at least
it's what they say you know the revolution and everything gonna be not
literally making apples we don't know that they've teamed up yet but um you
know it's certainly interesting because Nintendo it almost sounds like wants to
go off in this entire other direction they're like you know screw specs we've
got something better I don't know I glanced over an article a few days ago
where MTV got their hands on a revolution to try it out I don't
remember the name overly I'm sure they gave the revolution the plague Loki you
have some more information about some interesting developments on the
Revolution some type of patent or something going on there yeah the
revolution they've got basically these pens for its two patents for displacement
mapping it's basically a technique used to kind of ease rendering 3d and 2d and
what they've done is the first patent is actually about the you know displacement
mapping itself the actual rendering and the second is on a technique that uses
basically less of the CPU to render this stuff, to make
basically their less powerful system just as powerful
is basically what it is. So my big question is does this support your theory that
the revolution, your ongoing theory throughout our past few episodes, that the
revolution is 3D?
I can't even think of the term now. Stereoscopic 3D? Yes, thank you, stereostereoscopic 3D, I hate being sick.
It doesn't really add to anything, it's basically saying that it can render stuff a lot faster.
I have some news over on PlayStation 3.
People are saying that there's no way in hell PlayStation 3 is going to launch in spring,
and Sony reassured this week, yes, they will.
They will be releasing in the spring.
Maybe not in the U.S. though, but they will release in the spring, at least in Japan.
Very interesting.
It seems like there's this huge, still kind of question mark with the PlayStation 3.
There's still a lot about it we don't know.
spring is not that far away so it'll be interesting if this machine really does
launch in the spring but you know I'd like to see it be interesting you know
it's gonna be sort of like I think the ps2 was be released be buggy as hell be
released you know I although amazingly enough I actually have a very first
model Japanese ps2 with has never had a problem you would think too that they
learn from their previous mistakes. You'd hope. And that they're looking at what's
going on with Microsoft and maybe saying, how can we prevent this? At least I hope.
I hope everybody's looking at this. Unless they put more work into it than they've
been vocal about. We'll see. Speaking of 360, Loki, you had a story about
basically Microsoft has come out and admitted why. Well, the 360 supposedly is
short, according to Microsoft, is because of a shortage of chips or a certain chip
that was actually needed for the 360, and because the production of this chip is not
quite at what they want, the 360s haven't been able to be made.
Basically the yields are too low and they're outrunning the supply of the systems.
And what they've said, though, is they're not going to be able to get back up to where
they need to be until, like, February, which is another reason why I bought my system when
I could.
So basically, if you don't have a pre-order, don't count on it until February, unless you're
going to be camping out or something.
It's going to be very hard to get lunch.
Speaking of the 360, their backwards compatibility has been upgraded a little bit.
They actually added support for a bunch of new games.
They said they all fall in the same family.
If you own any Tom Clancy game from the Xbox, pretty much, whether it be Ghost Recon, 2,
Summit Strike, Rainbow Six, Splinter Cell, it all now will work on your Xbox 360.
Thanks, dude.
Backward compatibility.
Yeah, it's funny, it was when they initially released this, it broke Halo 2.
Then they had to recall the patch and then they fixed it.
Oh, I didn't know about that.
Yeah, it was funny.
We were playing Halo on our 360 while I was actually watching Dan play it.
Does it really look better?
Not noticeably.
Hmm.
We played it on the Xbox plenty of times that I'm pretty familiar with what it looks like on my TV, and it did look a little more smooth, but it really wasn't a perceptible notice unless you were really looking for it.
Let's go ahead and move on now and talk a little bit about real life, because there is a big world out there outside of video games.
And you know, if we stayed indoors and played video games all day long, we would have no time to go outside and whack people over the head with bug nets for real.
So, DarkSakura is here to remind you that there is a big world out there, and she brings you her advice column.
DarkSakura, what are you going to be telling the kids about this week?
Today's bit of advice is how to survive if you're trapped in a walk-in freezer.
Wait, wasn't that an episode of Clerks, the cartoon?
Yes, it was.
Oh, awesome.
Where it had Dante wearing the diapers saying,
I'm the biggest dumbass in the world.
Anyway, number one, tap several times on the door to get someone's attention.
Two, check the door and lock area.
By law, all walk-in freezers must have an emergency release switch on the interior.
3. Locate a power switch. Some units may have an accessible on-off switch.
Turn off the cooling element.
That would be gross.
What if you're in there with meat?
They turn it on every now and then to keep it nice and cool, but not too cold.
You'd come out smelling like meat.
Like rancid.
4. Locate boxes. Tear cardboard boxes apart and spread them on the floor.
5. Look for-
See insolation? Oh, that's smart.
See, I'd die. I'd die. I'd see the picture. I'd die in the damn freezer.
I heard people sleep in boxes. Oh, okay. That makes sense. Thanks.
4. Look for insulating materials. Lie down on the cardboard and cover yourself with
paper, foam, or straw to preserve vinyl. Or salami.
And beer bottles.
6. Tap on the door every 15 minutes until help arrives. And actually in the little picture, it shows
somebody sitting there with an open container of ice cream and a spoon.
But my final piece of advice is, you know, just leave the door open.
When you're cleaning out your freezer at the 7-11, just leave the door open.
And if you're in the freezer at the 7-11, you could probably get out through where they have, like, the drinks or something.
Do us one, dive through the eggs.
Wow, okay. Moving on, we have a nice follow-up story.
You remember a couple weeks ago on the show here, we had Matt from the Save Kings Quest 9 campaign
was on the show to talk about, you know how Kings Quest 9 had a stop put to it by the man, basically, at Vivendi,
and they were doing this huge letter-writing campaign to get it going again?
Well, guess what? They kinda succeeded. It worked.
Really?
Vivendi has granted a license, it's what they're calling a fan license, to allow
King's Quest IX, every cloak has a silver lining to come out. However, one small
change, they will have to alter the title to take King's Quest out of the title,
they will be releasing the game simply as a silver lining. However, all the
King's Quest characters get to stay intact. Presumably the reason why Vivendi
would be asking them to drop the name would be in case, you know, they see that
this thing does really well, maybe they want to go, maybe we really should put
out of King's Quest. Maybe we made a bad decision. Yeah, you did. But, kind of cool. I mean,
you kind of have to applaud Vivendi here. They were, you know, looked at as the big
evil man and here they are doing the right thing here in this case, I think. You know,
why sit on this copyright if you're not going to do anything with it. Let some people who
just want to have some fun and pay homage and keep your name out there do their thing.
Think if they really wanted to do the big thing, then hire them to make it.
think so I maybe it depends on how well this does because it's supposedly gonna
be part of a trilogy the silver lining thing is all part of a trilogy they
wanted to they're going all nine yards with this thing no pun intended we shall
see be fun I'll download it I'll check it out I hope Rosella's in it instead of
calling it King's Quest it could be like Kings look around well they're just
dropping the Kings question it's gonna have the characters but it won't it
won't reference that name I know I know well I thought was Queen's journey we
decided on a previous... anyway forget it. Monarch Trek. Let's talk about video game
movie news. Oh, we all love video game movie news, don't we? First off, Silent
Hill. Website opened up. They're doing this poster competition, design a
poster, win an advanced screening thing. Dark Soccer, you better be entering this
thing, because I want to go. You know, I have finals. There's a little teaser trailer
thing posted on the site. It's very sexy, I gotta say. It's just like trailers for
the game. And Pyramid Head you can see for like.5 seconds. And nurse's feet. You can
see the nurse's feet. So it's very cool because they're advertising the movie like it's a
game. They said it's not, it's not, I gotta put this out there, it's not a real trailer.
It's the flash animation from the site. Yeah. But presumably, you know, if the real trailer
looks like that, it's gonna be sexy. We have high hopes for this game. Do not disappoint
us. However, one minor disappointment this week, I think this is a disappointment, um,
it was reported that Akira Yamauka will not actually be doing the music for the Silent
He did the music for the games, he will not be doing the music for the movie.
That honor will go to Jeff Danna, who did the music for Resident Evil Apocalypse.
However, he has said, I know Jamie wants to get something in there because she's mad,
but, however, I do want to say that he's, the executive producer Andrew Mason said
that Jeff Danna will be incorporating elements from the original game's score
into the movie's score, so at least you get that.
That's what I was going to say.
Oh, okay.
I've been like every day looking at Silent Hill stuff
I would still at least like to see Akira get to do like a vocal song or something, you know
Cuz he did such great songs for the games that could have been I don't think they would have ever been a runaway MTV hit
But I think they could have really appealed to the audience that would go see Silent Hill
You know the songs like you're not here from three and you know
Stuff from four like really in vain this breaks the pattern of movie game, you know
I hope so, too. It looks pretty dead on so far. If that flash trailer is anything that was that was
Exactly how it should be exactly. Well, apparently I'd play it for you guys, but we're a radio show
Just just go to the site and check it out. Well, I didn't I
Actually don't have the link on me because it's on my home computer
But I had seen a site that had a bit more
information they've as far as the characters and it there there is are at
least mentions to characters that are in the other Silent Hill games and they are
bringing in Dalia and Alessa from the first game mm-hmm and somebody else who
I think was referred to in the third game and give me a second well that
makes sense though because the third game was kind of a continuation of the
first story so but it is actually from what I understand officially part of the
whole Silent Hill story just because if this if this movie does well I want to
see a sequel all right other movie news remember how we talked about last week
that there's that guy who did hellboy who they're trying to get to do halo he
may not really do halo because he really wants to do hellboy 2 they say he's torn
so we'll see I can't even remember the guy's name del toro del toro I don't
know there okay it's the director let's wait till we see some shots from the set
and then we'll get excited. One other video game news thing though, even when
you consider that Doom did not do too hot at the box office, it made 49 million
worldwide on a 60 million budget, they are going to do a return to Castle
Wolfenstein movie, at least that's what ID software wants to do, nobody is, I
don't think bought this yet, but they want a movie for return to Castle
Wolfenstein which you might know is you know in some ways the predecessor to Doom
if you go as far back as Wolfenstein 3d so do the first-person crap they better
not I actually did find that information by the way yes just actually I found it
on a Wikipedia that's where I had seen it there's a character in the movie
called Christabella who if I remember correctly was also a character in the
comic series and several of the people the main character rose her last name is
Mason which was Heather was Cheryl Mason and Harry Mason and there's also a
Sharon Mason in this and also other I think another character in here relates
to another character that had been in Silent Hill 3 it sounds like they're
staying pretty faithful don't let me down yeah all right moving on now let's
Let's talk about, let's see, well here's a game we were talking about a heck of a lot
earlier in the show, Animal Crossing DS.
And this was a story I ended up finding on dig.com, which I thought was interesting because
they labeled this, the headline, Animal Crossing Speaks Out Against the RIAA, and I was kinda
like, WTF?
Yeah, I saw that last night.
I went to the, I did not do the KK Slider thing, because I, he comes to your town, what,
Saturday night?
I was seven seven thirty to eight is his warm-up eight to midnight is the show. I I
Usually go out clubbing
Saturday nights, but not last I was coughing
But anyway, no, this is interesting and part of what KK slider says is a little introduction
Those industry fat cats try to put a price on my music, but it wants to be free
I think somebody might be taking that a little too far
I don't know if I'd see that as a slam against the RIAA, but that was the first impression
I got he said a little bit more than that. I I don't know
I just kind of got the sense it fits into his character cuz you know, he's he's supposed to be this wandering nomad guy
Well, he gives you like copies of his
I don't know. I think people might be taking that a little far
I don't know if I think it would not be in Nintendo's best interest to speak out against the RIAA, but
The bit of Nintendo was actually really worried about putting that impression. They would have phrased that line a little differently
I guess you got a point true
Now, I've got to ask about this because we've been talking about a lot of new consoles here
tonight, but I want to hear about an old console, and Loki, you have some pretty exciting news
regarding an old console.
Yeah, Sega is apparently, well, it's a rumor of course, but some German gaming site, Gamefront.de,
is claiming that they're going to be re-releasing the Dreamcast, basically.
It's bundled with some limited edition phone card or something, but it's supposed to probably
only be released in Japan and distributed through Sega Direct for about $83 US or 10,000
yen.
Or you could just go to GameStop and get a used one for like 30 bucks, however much they're
running.
I know, it's still a neat idea.
I still play my Dreamcast.
I would be doing homebrew on that Dreamcast.
I watched a show that just happened to be on TV when we were done watching whatever
it was we were watching.
It had one of the Wayne brothers in it, but the little kid in that was playing a Dreamcast.
I thought it was funny.
That's cool.
All right, speaking about releases, let's talk about upcoming release dates for different
games.
Loki, any word on what's going on in the US?
Dead or Alive 4 slowly creeping its way to 2006.
It's right now actually lingering on December 27th.
Why don't they just say, we'll put it out when it's done?
Why don't they just say that, we'll put it out when it's done?
27th. Yeah, two days after Christmas is a great day to put out a video game.
That's what I say. I don't know. I guess people could use gift cards and stuff, but still.
I'll pick it up. I mean, it looks cool. So, I don't play fighting games, but...
It was one of the games that made me want to get a 360. It looks cool. Back when I thought
I'd be able to walk in a store and get one.
Alright. So. What's going on? Oh, anything else?
Um, as far as big releases coming up, um, beyond that,
not too much in 360s stuff. Um, you've got College Hoops 2K6 coming out
in January, as well as Top Spin 2, which we actually got to play at E3 a little bit.
And other than that, the normal consoles, we have 25 The Life, which is coming out,
Ape Escape 3, and then Final Fantasy IV Advance on the 13th, I found that one out, the hard
way.
Final Fantasy IV on the 13th of January?
No, of December, this week.
Yes, yes, that's this week.
And then, of course, Trueswink Golf, you're a golf fan for the DS, that's pretty good.
It's basically a pretty weak month, February it's going to start picking up again though.
Sounds good.
And what's going on with our friends over at The Big Pond?
I've only got like three real dates, and the others are like fourth quarter.
That's alright.
16th Sims 2, 17th King Kong for the GBA, 23rd Madden NFL 2006 for the PSP, and some of
The others mentioned without Daze, SoCom 3, Shaman King, Snowboard Kids DS, America's
Army, Bioshock, Call of Cthulhu, Dead to Rights, a few titles along those lines.
Now, just out of this morbid curiosity, do they have to alter Madden NFL when they release
it in Britain because football is not football there?
It's different.
As far as I was aware, it's just called American football.
Oh, well, I don't know if that means they gotta recode stuff in the game or whatever.
No, it's just called NFL, so I'll be in the National Football League.
Just curious, just want my curiosity thing.
I was going to mention one thing since we're talking about the UK.
The official Xbox 360 magazine is going to be, the January issue is going to have a disc to be able to play the Final Fantasy XI beta on the 360.
Here, or in the UK?
I think in the UK I'm not sure about here, but maybe.
So check that out.
Well lucky you guys, if you guys get that in America doesn't.
Another interesting game one here is Shin Megami Tensei, which we actually got over
here.
Yeah, a digital double saga.
Alright, well, speaking of UK, I understand that in our mailbag this week we heard from
quite a few people over in the UK, so of course we encourage you guys to email us whenever
you have something to say, togo at orangelaungeradio.com, that's the place to be, and of course you
can always visit our website too at www.orangelaungeradio.com and post in the forums and what have you.
Let's go over and open up the old mailbag, Dark Sakura.
Oh, actually, we, uh, didn't get a number of, uh, emails, um, and most everybody, there
was a pretty big consensus on how it is the job of the parent, you know, to...
Oh, last week's follow-up, and we had the, you know...
That's what a lot, that's what a lot of it was, um, there was one in particular, though.
Um, okay, here we go, it's one from, uh, one of our listeners from outside London.
Is this the one you read me before the show?
Listen up.
This is great.
Listen to this.
By Gareth.
Hey guys, was listening to your show on the way to work today.
I live just outside London, UK by the way.
I have a 2.75 year old daughter which piqued my interest in your chat about parents' responsibility
with their kids.
So my daughter and I play games together, mostly things like Trackmania Sunrise, she
likes painting the cars, to Incredibles to Super Mario Sunshine.
She also has some kids games like Dora the Explorer along with some web games on the
BBC.
So my point, I was surprised at two things.
One, it is hard to get games that don't feature some sort of violence.
We are by nature a society that violence has a part of it.
Two, she was very quick to pick up on the violent parts of games and knows when she
is hitting someone or something.
She even vocalizes it by saying hit or shoot when she does this.
After being a bit worried about this, I thought this is not a problem.
She has parents who monitor and guide her behavior and we have not seen her try to replicate
the violence she has seen on the game so far.
I know from my experience as a long time gamer and now a parent, that is my parent's guidance
and active parenting that made the biggest difference to me being well adjusted while
some think so.
You won't be able to change your kids' environments and their exposure to violence that easily,
But you definitely can be a big influence and how they react and live with it
And I thought that last year if we put there was the best way anyone could ever say it you have major kudos from me
beautifully put
That's right. Can you get it through one more email? I can get through a couple. All right, cool. Um
Also, um got an email from
Deep in one of our Australian list. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm
talking about the
50 cent game 50 cent. Oh god. Oh my god. I watched like five minutes of the
This bike TV video game awards and I saw like a little bit of that 50 cent game and I was just like this is
Well, I don't this is so not the type of game that appeals to me in any way shape or form
Well, you said the the 50 cent game been banned in Australia for drug use and excessive violence and for sucking really bad
I don't think you can ban a game for sucking, if that were the case, there would be a lot of games that wouldn't be on the market now.
Actually, there's something worse, and unfortunately Konami's, um, stent into the beat-em-up game genre, uh, crime life gang wars. Horrible reviews. Horrible reviews.
Really? That's too bad.
As I was reading sorry to quote down here if a game gets an R rating it literally can't be sold in stores other titles
Include the original GTA 3 game where you could pick up hookers and screw them to get back life
Which was edited out and re-released and manhunt in cases like this
You guys are lucky that your stuff only get censored as much as they do and not completely banned from stores like our stuff. Oh
And he also mentioned that a claim is bankrupt and now selling off rights to game so we could get the rights to bust
to move if we wanted it oh yeah that's right I did a story on my my live show
on the station this week about that that's kind of interesting and and I
thought it was interesting because only one of the Mary Kate Ashley Wilson games
sought after out of the like we're global there was another another point
made by one of our listeners in Scotland I've been getting a lot of overseas
writing these days I think it's pretty cool yeah it's neat um from Sloane said
who's got three kids, 33, and um, I just completely lost where I was reading, said, um, part of
the course is to discover your market when designing a game. You come up with an overall
concept and test the market to see who your primary persona is. They mentioned a site
that's uh, d-e-s-a dot com, Entertainment Software Association, that has a report called
essential facts about the computer and video game industry, um, so that has, um, some interesting
statistics. For example, the average age of a game buyer is 37, so it's really the parents
that are buying the games, the older sibling buying the games. And most of the time, it's
the kid saying, hey, I want this game, or their parents saying, hey kid, do you want
this game and the kid going sure I'd like the suffering and yes I've actually
seen this happen just recently at one of our local video game stores so I know
very well but to quote I'm gonna read this one's paragraph here I think is
very important parents need to be educated you wouldn't take your kid to
an 18 certificate movie or would you my son the 11 year old has a friend whose
parents regularly let him watch horror movies and play video games such as GTA
and Doom 3. There's a lack of parental instruction here. I bet what my children
see when they are in my sight but what are the parents
I'm sorry but what are the other parents exposing my child to when they visit
their friends friends and he also goes on for this says by age means this kid
is mature enough when you're 11 you laugh at dick and fart jokes and naked
women but that's not particularly mature. I'm still doing that at 27. We still tell
them but you know I thought this was pretty pretty smart make the law similar
to DVD video and liquor sales if you supply to underage person you can be
prosecuted parents know your ratings they are not difficult and I agree with
Rob that ratings should be the same as movies GTA series are rated by the by
the BBFC as an 18 same as violent movie I hear over here in the UK he also
mentions to Matt you two are quite correct parents should do their own
homework who's responsible for a kid when they're out in the street playing
it's no longer acceptable to say it's okay he's upstairs playing on his
computer look what happened to Matthew Broderick that's a good reference I'm
just playing a game I'm thrilled that someone agrees with me that makes 50
episodes of doing this crap so worth it that somebody agrees with me my last
thing on this my last thing yes it said I leave you with the quote from a
congressional hearing chaired by Joe Lieberman. This was a few years ago.
This was nice to see he still hates video games. This quote is from Marilyn
Dross, the VP of National Coalition of Television Violence. This is what she had
to say. If the Pentagon was to ever have suggested years ago that we put video
games that teach children how to aim guns and train them at the age of eight
to be soldiers and ever invented a game to put in the homes of young boys to
train them to be in the military, I can't begin to tell you...you know
What kind of upward there would be in this country if our government was to start training early killers?
Is it mentioned on there Americans are America's are mostly in that what America's Army does she was talking about the Nintendo Super Scope I
Thought that was such a wonderful point and this whole the Nintendo Super Scope was nothing
I know I was playing blastress. I don't blot in the mole game. Come on. This bowl game was stupid, but hey
But I would honestly I would really for those last two letters
I would really love to have our writers a permission to post those on our site
Really because those are the most well thought-out things I have read in the past couple weeks
Awesome. Well if you guys want to send us an email to go to go at orange launch radio.com any last little bits
you want to read anything um it's really I've gotten several emails along the
same lines uh one of our friends uh our listeners John wrote in you know
basically saying more of the same you know I especially like the point the
point saying is that you know no matter if you're into the violent games listen
you know emo music or or you know like horror movies you know you can still be
a peaceful person you know I really liked that one point you're saying emo
reminds me of this simple fact do you know what is ten times worse than video
games emo no myspace I swear to God myspace is worse than any video game I've
ever seen I mean really and every kid has a profile on myspace it's sad well I
I thought it was funny that he did actually mirror something that you said, um, I'll just quote this last and that's then to the mailbox.
Alrighty.
Cause we got a lot of mail this time around.
I know.
This law is not a ban, it's simply a way to prevent kids from buying games that their parents might not approve of.
Honest, caring, and hardworking parents work until 5 or 6 p.m.
With their child at home, they can't prevent them from going to the store and buying a GTA-type game.
True. True.
And in that respect, I do support that aspect of it, and I think I said as much last week.
it's just that I still think that it is really difficult I think on parents to
have that kind of active stance in their children's lives but I still think that
you know if they weren't ready for the responsibility they shouldn't have had
the children to begin with all right well we look forward to getting your
more emails to go and orange not sure that I'll come let's get back into some
news now Loki I brought up the video game awards on Spike TV there a little
bit I know you you caught a little glimpse of it or did you watch a whole
damn thing or what happened? I watched the after show, and the first part
of the show, and that's when Nellie started waking up and she's like, what the hell's
on TV? And I was like, uhhh, video game show. Anyways,
so at the after show they were showing a bunch of trailers for games that were coming out
including Splinter Cell 4, which I'm now calling 24 the Game 2, because it looks very similar
to it. Anyways, but lots of cool games coming out,
excited about that stuff, but the best part though, is I think this is the way video game
war shows should be. I mean, this is really good actually. It was a very good show, definitely
a whole lot better than G4ia. What they started off with is Samuel L. Jackson because he was
hosting the whole thing, I mean that's good just from the start. He was playing the part
of, and I haven't played this far into the Warriors or I haven't seen the movie yet,
the main character in the Warriors, you know the guy in the beginning, the CAN YOU DIG
But they had all the video game characters in the audience and the crowd, and the best part about the whole thing is you see Katamari rolling around.
It's picking up people as it's going along and stuff, and that was the greatest thing ever.
And then Tack from Tack 3 or whatever, he's all,
He's all,
Why yes! Come out and play!
And he shoots Samuel L. Jackson, and I thought that was great, it was really funny.
And they put a whole MTV Music Awards spin on it, and I really liked the way they did
that.
I watched about five minutes, I thought it was stupid.
Sorry.
The music part was stupid, but I did like the fact that they were doing this kind of
fun little twist on it and stuff.
However though, there's only really two awards shows out there, they are still highly superior
to G4U.
We'll see.
Jamie, I'm curious if you've heard about this, because I'm sure you've got to have an opinion
on this.
the wrong way to hold a protest did you hear about this kid I was like some 16
year old kid got basically arrested or charged anyway by threatening the one
and only Jack Thompson with torture and death he basically I don't know sent this
thing to say all these nasty things he was going to do to Jack Thompson it's
kind of one of those like yeah you remember on the old Animaniacs good idea
bad idea this would be bad idea how old was he 16 I think so about he's gonna be
out soon but I'm kind of paraphrasing from what I read earlier this week yeah
stupid stupid stupid thing to do very stupid you know what I think is
interesting though is who put out the press release on this Jack Thompson do
anything yeah I know and I feel bad because now I'm contributing to this but
I'm only reporting what's out there on the internet because half the gaming
sites out there also reported this it's kind of like I thought I thought we were
bad attention whores he needs to get death threats just realize that nobody
cares and I'm tired of talking about him well no now to say that I think this kid
went a little far but I you know what he was fight amongst yourselves fight
amongst yourselves that's all I wanted to say on that I don't want to go I say
for the rest of the month unless he gets cancer of the liver.
No more jack talk.
You're going to get sued for that.
I am not saying that I am going to inject him with cancerous cells so that he dies of
liver cancer, but if he does, I'd like to report it.
Swiftly changing the subject over to Castlevania, let's talk about Castlevania.
I think this is kind of interesting.
for no real reason is going to be packaging Aria of Sorrow and Harmony of
Dissonance together into one game and that will be coming out the first quarter
of 2006 and there's no real reason why they're doing it they're not really
adding anything to these games I think they're doing this because cap DS is
selling so freaking huge and so they want to kind of capitalize on a little
step all the time those two would still sell separately on their own except I
don't think they make either one anymore I didn't already have them I know it's
That's kinda how I feel.
Alright.
Um.
Jamie, you have a story about another racing game, we've been talking about Project Gotham
and all this other stuff, but you have a racing game that sounds pretty hot.
No, no, no.
Best racing game series ever.
Outrun.
Woohoo.
Cause, you know, at my house, and you've seen at my house, classic Sega horror house.
That didn't sound too right.
Anyway.
I digress.
Sega has announced Outrun 2006, and we all cheer, yay!
Um, Outrun...
Yay!
Um, basically, um, Sega's confirmed Outrun 2006 Coast to Coast will be released March
2006 on the PS2, PSP, and PC, but guess what, not on...
Arcade!
Xbox!
Hm.
And no arcade.
I didn't see...
It's going to be 30 stages, the best of both Outrun 2 and Outrun 2 SP, mission structure,
license mode, 6 player online, total of 12 licensed Ferraris, including the F430 and
Super America.
Well, you said something about Outrun 2 and previous Outruns, they're not just repackaging
the same crap, right?
They're going to give it a facelift and everything, bring it to the next gen, right?
That's what it sounds like.
They have to think better.
Also, it says PSP owners who also have the PS2 version will be able to access exclusive content by hooking them up with a USB cable. Finally a use!
They actually do that with a lot of games.
Really?
Well, at any rate, it's being put out in development by Sumo Digital. They actually were the ones who ported Outrun 2 to Xbox.
Like WWE, Smackdown vs. Raw 6, SoCalm, Fireteam Bravo, and SoCalm 3, uh, Madden.
Alright, Loki I'm about out of stuff, what else you got for us tonight?
I know you had something on like Metal Gear or something in a pretty cool hack.
Metal Gear?
Didn't you say you had something about Metal Gear Acid 2 or something?
Oh no, yeah Metal Gear Acid 2.
It's actually quite funny, is they found out one of the things that's actually featured in the game, because someone of course dumped the ROM for it, and they discovered videos of...
Wait, is the game out?
Yeah, in Japan.
Oh, okay.
Of scantily clad women for use with that special viewing device that they have, the solid eye.
So you get 3D video of scantily clad women, as well as a trailer for Rebel Roses X-X, which is kinda cool.
Hot.
In other news, this is called, it's bound to happen sooner or later, the first 360 game
has been dumped to a hard drive, a group going by the name of Pi has released a 360 dump
extract tool, they were able to rip apart the games to extract them to their PC's hard
drive.
Gideon the Royal on the other hand, that's another story, but still
One small step for hackers. Yeah
One giant forget it. I don't know anyways
So that was interesting speaking more hacking stuff this guy actually
going by the name of
Parasite has
Shown that you can hack levels into your online Wi-Fi
for Mario Kart DS, and he's been able to play such levels as the TikTok Clock and other stuff.
I don't think they've released how they've done this yet, but it has been shown that people have been doing it online.
Kind of interesting, some of the levels kind of glitch out a little bit, but, you know, interesting.
Interesting. Now, Jamie, what were you talking about a little bit before the show?
Somebody had sent us an email about another Mario hack that was done.
Yeah this was actually the other email I meant to read.
Oh that's alright.
Before I get to that there's actually a question for Logie.
Oh sure.
Okay.
One of our writers, Sisbon, I say writers, our listeners, he said he's finished a bunch of missions in GTA, LCS for PSP and the only one left available is the booby prize bike race. Any tips for winning?
I don't know. I didn't actually finish the game or play many of the missions. I just put a 100% code in to get all the characters for-
Cheater!
Well, here's what. I only play it for multiplayer. That's all I play the game for now, so I don't actually play three of the missions and stuff.
So I just wanted to have all the characters unlocked and everything.
I can't point fingers because I'm cheating at Silent Hill 3.
You're going to have to go to game FAQs, my friend. Sorry.
Yeah, Game Facts would be a good place to check.
But I did send a very interesting link at themushroomkingdom.net
It's the Super Mario Bros. 3 their lost levels
I'll just read the first paragraph from that page
Deep within Super Mario Bros. 3 lie hidden unused levels. Some of them seem polished
with working goals and plenty of enemies, while others are devoid of enemies, lacking exits
or too short to be full levels. There's actually a couple of pictures
of them. One of them uses the boot. I love the boot.
level in the actual game used the boot and it was so short and the boot was cool but
it's pretty cool because the level maps are up on the page I'd say people should
check it out if you're an old-school Super Mario Brothers player but you know
that actually goes back into what we were saying there's always unused code
in games yeah I mean this could have easily been Mario hot coffee where Mario
the princess get it on another castle another castle another castle like some
of these just a little short nothing special little blips of it but you just
need to unlock something like that of a game that's been out right like God how
long is a game now like 15 years or so it's not more 17 oh my god anyone think
about it. That dates me. Anyway, um, anything else DarkSakura? No, I'm not. No. Loki, anything
else? I just have one more, and that's, uh, this product has been released, uh, basically
it's on this website, gameback-web.com, it's in their web store, it's called the PSP Bank,
It's basically a 40GB hard drive for the PSP.
What it looks actually to be is a hard drive that has a USB on the go, so you can actually
transfer stuff between the hard drive and the PSP.
However, you can't actually just access the entire hard drive using the PSP.
So not quite cool, but a step in the right direction I guess.
And also, there was another development here which is quite interesting.
The guy that's basically behind, whoa what was it here, who's behind the cheat device
for Grand Theft Auto, or they think it's actually done the same way, basically working on running
firmware on 2.01 and 2.5 firmwares, maybe 2.6, running the homebrew stuff.
So it's being worked on and probably be cracked soon, no surprise.
One more story I got for you guys and that has to do, I knew Jamie would get a kick out
of this one.
I went to Slashdot earlier this week and I saw this and I totally thought of you, Jamie.
The headline is, Gamers Better at Driving with Cell Phones?
Okay, you know what?
Hold on, I haven't read it yet.
Let's see, the psychologists who are studying multitasking have argued for years about these
information bottlenecks and they want to know why this occurs.
Is it because people are lazy, because they have an inability to switch from one task
to another?
Who knows?
But this Mei-Cheng Lin, who is an assistant professor of psychology at Oregon State University
said, even with a seemingly simple task, structural cognitive limitations can prevent you from
efficiently switching to a new task.
I have to say that the best ones are those who play a lot of video games, she pointed
out.
Those are lab studies, however, not driving tests.
So because you play video games, you're good at multitasking, so therefore gamers, get
out on the road and start throwing those headsets away because you can multitask.
I've said it once, I've said it a bajillion times, and somebody in this room is included
in that, if you drive and talk on your cell phone, you are being a big dumb butt!
You're endangering your life and those of other people.
I'm multitasking, what can I say?
Actually it's impossible to multitask.
I can multitask, I'm a good driver.
thoughts low key your final thought I want to get better my final thought is
I hate being sick dark soccer um I'm tired of having the plague I've been sick
since November 4th I don't think I'm ever gonna get better well that's a
happy note to end episode 50 on so congratulations we made it through 50
episodes yeah here we come to 51 next week we'll see you then actually you
know who we haven't heard from all episode mm-hmm Oh God one of our very
special hosts yes the ferret thanks for that oh by the way episode 51 we will be
burning the ferret live on air I'll be able not see you next time tell a friend
about orange lounge radio to go and you know make our ratings go through the
roof because we like attention bye that's the end of another orange lounge
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
