Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of December 5th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello, everybody out there in podcasting land.
Or whatever your hometown happens to be.
Do you think there's actually a town out there named Podcasting Land? Probably not.
Well, there's Dish, Texas, so why not?
Why not? I'd move to podcasting, Len.
Um, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I still have the plague.
You? But you sound better. Have you had lots of liquid Vicodin and codeine and all that good stuff?
Um, I drank codeine before the three hour show.
Awesome.
And, uh, I get to go home to sleep with Prince Vicodin.
Sounds good.
Yep.
Loki is over there in the other corner. How you doing? Good. All right, the three of us joined together every week
Well when dark soccer doesn't have the plague or you know, Loki Loki's
Fiance is making him stay home to do the dishes or I'm out on a business trip or something
We are here every week assembled to talk about games that do not suck
But sometimes we do have to talk about a couple games that do suck or is has been the trend lately movies based on games
that kind of suck such as blood rain seen the trailer for blood rain I'm
actually gonna see it why why that's like $10 wasted because there's pretty
men in it and there's also pretty prostitutes that are naked you know
handy you are both vapid eyes oh listen I have to watch alone the dark and I
also have to watch house of the dead before I see blood rain because I have
to understand what I'm getting myself you have to complete the poop trilogy is
What you have the dead was funny and awful and was in the name of the king a dungeon siege movie blows
Ass is what the trailer sucked. Burt Reynolds looks really bored
Well, anyway, probably weren't paying him enough before we got into that topic
We're supposed to talk about what kind of games we've been playing this week because that's how we start off the show a little bit
of a personal touch because damn we're important or at least we'd like to think
we are dark Sakura who is most important what have you been playing this week you
know good thing our listeners can't see this now now your husband would
appreciate you flashing your titties at me I'm just kidding
jokes jokes people it was your finger I'm not gonna say it all right well it's
going through my mind I'm not gonna say don't let's not go back to the three
hour show tonight please what kind of games you've been playing this week
besides piss Rob off well like that's hard I've been really not playing much
of anything because I've gone you know I've had the plague again all week which
is fun but in a not really sort of way however for my husband's birthday which
was Tuesday got him an Xbox 360 all right on and we've had days filled with
Perfect Dark Zero, which is gorgeous. The new Ridge Racer is really, really nice.
He's also been really into Project Gotham. Although for some reason he was playing
Liberty City Grand Theft Auto on the PSP today. Also, I got to see, actually, the new Madden game, which was nice, if you like
I'm not a big sports game fan, but the game looked pretty, but you know what?
If I want to play football, give me some Tecmo Bowl.
The NBA 2006, that actually looks kind of fun.
You know, the most sports games I've enjoyed have been basketball.
I mean, there's NBA Jam, loved NBA Jam back in the day, Double Dribble, you know, of course
these are all like 15 year old games, but hey.
Yeah, NBA Jam was a good game.
to EA you can never have another NBA Jam well they can go ahead all right yeah
but um I do have to say that Mike Bibby did not look like himself in that game
that was a very bad version of him however Arco Arena looked very nice
because of course the first game Dan did was Lakers versus Kings of course as
most people in this area would do I did play some more katamari just cuz and of
course it made me uber motion sick because I've been sick anyway um I
turned on World of Warcraft again and then promptly left the room why is that
just I forgot about it I had to do something and it came back Oh World of
Warcraft there's something shiny that's my shiny thing and I just haven't had
you know I've also had to go back to school and work and well Animal Crossing
this week you know make some time for it I know you're oh yeah my breaks are no
longer going to be spent on my book so they're going to be spent on playing
Animal Crossing. Me you buy cracks three o'clock bring your bug net
that's all I have to say. Oh hell yeah. It's on. Just wait till I put some signs
in your village. Alright Loki what's on your mind? As far as games goes I don't
care about what else is on your mind I just want to know games. Well I've been
playing Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories the usual by workday game that
we play, and I've been kicking the crap out of everybody because I fucking rock. And then
also I've been playing Matrix Path of Neo, and that was pretty cool. It's actually kind
of a lot deeper than the first game, and it covers, you know, the events in the movie,
but it goes way further into them, and you get to do alternate things like what would
have happened if, you know, Neo had actually gotten out of the office building instead
of being captured and that type of stuff, which is kind of cool and they throw stuff
from the movie in there as well, which is a pretty well done game.
And I like how you can select your difficulty in the beginning, how it just gets progressively
harder and then you select it off of that.
I don't like the fact that the cameras are really slow.
Like you changing the camera around, it moves too slow, and I can't get it to go faster
and so I get a lot of awkward camera shots with that.
I don't know, it's pretty good and then it gets really hard, really hard really fast.
Like, there was this guy who was pointing a gun at me and said freeze, so I ran away
and he shot me.
So, you know, I probably should listen to him, but, you know, so be it.
Then, what else have I been playing, let's see here, Cloud, I've been playing this free
game online called Cloud, and it's-
I think I saw a story over on Dig or something about that game, what's this all about?
a free game that's put out. You can go to the website, www.cloudthegame.com, and it's
supposedly a game that's supposed to make you cry, I guess.
Wait, this game's gonna make me cry?
Supposedly.
Why?
I guess because the content, I think it talks about, um, some kids-
Is it gonna chop onions live in front of me, or what- is it gonna show me hideous images
from the things in our history and stuff that-
Going to play Politary on repeat.
Um, let's see here, and actually maybe it isn't cloudthegame.com, but I have the link
right here.
Um, it's just a pretty fun game, um, definitely worth checking it out, especially since it's
a free download, you can't really go wrong with that.
Um, but, yeah, it's um, actually thatcloudgame.com was the...
Thatcloudgame.
Not to be confused with Final Fantasy VII Cloud.
It's created by the Game Innovation students from Game Innovation who created it and it's
a division of Interactive Media at University of Southern California School of Cinema and
Television and it's actually pretty awesome.
They've got a little FAQ here about it and it's just a really well done game.
It's kind of fun.
It's kind of like Katamari and it's more of a puzzle game but it's free and it's free.
What else do you know?
relaxing. There's not really any time limits or anything. It's just kind of you build clouds,
you start off, you gather clouds and you can kind of suck them up and then you can kind
of spit them back out again and create like taller clouds to pick up even bigger clouds
and then you can make stuff rain and stuff like that.
Okay, I'm still not driven to tears here.
Well, I don't know what it is, but it's a cool game. So thatcloudgame.com, go check
it out.
playing cloud the game I seriously want to hear from you to go at orange
calm I don't know if you're so freaking sad about this game I don't know it's
it's kind of got the sad music into it and it's gotten like the very being
talking about this kid who stopped taking his meds and so you kind of get
the I get the feeling maybe he's dead or something like that okay that's kind of
sad Oh most gamers have cold black hearts after playing doom 3 for hours on
end you know so what I don't know but it's it's well done the arts really good
And it runs on almost you know most PC's nowadays. It doesn't require like a huge graphics card or anything so I
Would definitely check it out
My gaming week, I'm gonna be honest guys. I haven't really played a whole lot of new stuff this week
There's really not have been a whole lot out there new that I've wanted to check out plus. You know because we are
Gamers who oftentimes except in Loki's case because he gets hooked up through work
We have to pay for our own games ourselves
So I've just been trying to save all the money this week because you know, I am gonna get the Xbox 360
Sometime probably after Christmas. So I'm kind of saving my money's there. Yeah
Yeah, I don't I know I'm not gonna whenever you find them. That's fine. I'm told I can't afford one before Christmas anyway
But there are some of the games I want to check out that are coming out including Animal Crossing this week
Final Fantasy Advance 4 or Final Fantasy 4 advanced which I believe was is this week or was last week
I guess this week. Yeah, it's very very soon. I know that and
That's pretty much all I all I'm that's on my must playlist between now and Christmas
Otherwise, I'll just kind of check things out as I play them or come across them. They look cool
Otherwise for me, honestly, it's been a lot of Dragon Quest 8 which I talked about last week already
Great game. I'm loving it. It's an old style RPG and it's just it's it's what I remember from the great Super Nintendo
It kind of is a throwback to the Super Nintendo RPGs. It's holding my attention
attention and that's pretty much it I've just a lot of stuff going on in my
personal life so can't do a lot of games this week but next week for sure Animal
Crossing and probably Final Fantasy I will definitely be all up on that let's
get into some gaming news shall we let's talk about you know speaking of things
that are like 15 years old I know this is an odd thing to lead off as the top
story but damn this was so weird look you've got to tell me about what you saw
in this message forum about a chip that's very old what is going on with
Well, at benhecht.com, because you've got to love that stuff, they were talking about how they've overclocked the Super FX chip.
And for those who might not remember, that's the chip that was in those wonderful 3D games back in Star Fox and Stunt Race FX.
Off-Road? Yeah. Oh, no. There was an Off-Road game that had it, too. I think there was another driving game.
I don't remember.
Whatever, who cares.
Yeah, Stunt Race FX was that stupid, stupid, stupid game.
Maybe I'm getting it confused.
Anyways, I had a bunch of other stuff, and what they've done is there's a timing chip
that's on this actual, if you rip the card apart and actually look at the circuit board,
and what they've done is replace that with a different chip.
And what that has done is actually now things are moving faster, it's less lag, so when
they get to a scene with lots of enemies in the background it does not slow down, just
frame rate and stuff which is kind of neat because you gotta love everybody
hacking stuff I don't know this is weird that this is so old yet people are still
messing with this stuff it's just kind of kind of neat diehard fan stuff it's
cool yeah I would if I wasn't afraid I would screw up my super honestly I don't
even have a working Super Nintendo anymore if I wasn't afraid I would screw
up a valuable Star Fox cartridge by doing this it almost sounds like fun
well except that you can find them for $2 at the thrift store I thought they
were worth more than that well cray are but if you look at the thrift store
they'll sell really well you know I see copies of what was it Casey munchkin
uh-huh on some of those auctions selling for a little bit more yeah I bought my
copies several of them for 99 cents at the store because they don't know the
real value of that exactly yeah and people who just donate bags and bags
interesting all right let's talk about some news going on with Final Fantasy 12
Dark Sakura what do you know about what's going on with a release in Japan
well I know they're planning on charging a bit more for it typically ps2 games
retail for about a 7,410 yen however they're saying that the launch price is
gonna be eight thousand nine ninety ouch which is about yeah 85 86 bucks Wow but
games are typically more expensive in Japan anyway right that's not a big but
if you're gonna report this you're you're gonna be paying that they're
they're popping the price up on that one just for conversions sake that's about
43 pounds amazing now what do you think that's gonna have an effect on the
release here do you think that we're gonna be end up paying a real high-end
end price such as $59.99 for this? Well Squenix hasn't commented on anything
but I'm thinking it's probably gonna be a likelihood. At least bank on $49.99 if
nothing else. Well also though they're doing a pre-release with a CD single of
the whatever their image song is gonna be called a Kibo which is a hope. Oh. And
it's going to come with the DVD featuring footage of the game and
interviews with Hakase and the price on that one's going to be 1,680 yen hmm
now did you hear about this when they release this in Japan on March 16th
actually Squeenix teamed up with somebody called Suntory who makes these
drinks these basically herbal drinks they're gonna release Final Fantasy 12
potion there are these blue crystal drink looking things that are basically
like like you know the power drinks we have here in America the buku and the
rock star and Red Bull being the pride the most popular of them all it's
basically something like that except they say this will be a mysterious
flavor the potion and will be made from various herbs and of course they're
gonna do all these lame tie-ins about you know it'll regenerate your HP with
all the herbal goodness wah wah wah stuff like that I don't know you think
that's something that could work over here final fantasy potion well looking
at the ingredients in it though hyssop and lemon balm they are okay I worked at
GNC for a very long time and an herb shop sure yeah those are fairly sedative
herbs I'd have to see the ingredient list the full list but I would buy it
you know instead of having an energy drink why not have a drink that relaxes
you I think it's a good idea okay okay although I don't think I need my HP to
go up anymore I you know even I have the plague this will be the rage at anime
conventions seriously that the kid who imports a case of this if they don't end
up releasing it here a kid who imports the case of this will be the the most
loved at the anime conventions oh I got my push it had the thing about the
premium box bundle right yeah with the specially designed bottle and the final
fantasy 12 art museum card.
Very cool.
Lucky, what do you think?
Potion?
Good thing?
I'm not buying it.
I don't buy those energy drinks anyway, so.
It's not an energy drink.
It's a calming drink.
Well, whatever.
I still buy that stuff.
If it's got herbs in it, forget it.
When they release a drink called Ether, wake me up.
Moving on to other stories.
What's going on with WoW?
We were talking about hacking the Super FX.
what's what's being hacked a World of Warcraft Jamie well we have super hot
triple X new to orcs yeah someone basically hacked it to have all the
female characters orcs humans gnomes night elves dwarves trolls undead
whatever get naked but blizzards probably gonna be of course cracking
down on that one so the only way you can get it would probably be on a private
server. You knew this shit would happen eventually. It's because people are perverts. Release
a video game for the computer with a woman in it and somebody will get her naked. Troll
boobies! There's nothing they can do. There's nothing they can do. Especially when WoW is
so patch friendly anyway. I mean mine is bogged down with all these patches like the auctioneer
and the ones that show you how long estimated to get to your next level and just all this
crap on there that makes the game take forever to load. But since Blizzard is so friendly
it's supporting this stuff, whereas other games, Final Fantasy XI, do not support these
things, it kind of makes it easier for these types of patches to go into effect.
People have been modding Final Fantasy XI to do this already, I mean...
It's not a surprise, I'm just saying, Blizzard kind of embracing it makes it easier to be
a more prevalent thing, if that makes any sense.
They're just re-skinning the characters, that's all.
I know.
That's what makes it so easy, almost anyone could get a woman or a man naked in a video
game or an alien whatever whatever tickles your fancy speaking of Nintendo
which we're talking about a little bit ago Smash Brothers the creator of the
Smash Brothers series has said in the latest issue of the Japanese game Bible
Famitsu what's going to happen is that a mashahiro Sakurai is actually coming
back to Nintendo after being gone for two years saying that he will be doing a
New Super Smash Brothers game for the revolution to which many Nintendo fanboys are cheering
I think this was kind of a given that there were definitely have to be some type of Smash Brothers on revolution one word
Hit from actually no this forwards pit from kid Icarus. Okay. Thanks. We need pit
Absolutely or eggplant wizard. Yeah, I was gonna say we need a put was her
We know who we need actually so we need we need us a mega man
But that's not Nintendo. That's Capcom. Well then we need somebody to make friends at Capcom.
I don't know why, well I was just, I had it in my head though thinking, it was another character
I'm trying to think of that was, I don't know, what if we have Nintendogs? They come out as
helpers. The Dalmatians start ripping Mario flesh, oh god, alright. Oh no, ammonia burn!
Or Animal Crossing, KK Slider comes and whacks you with his guitar.
Uh, we need Rob the Robot.
Maybe? He got some love in Mario Kart, why not?
I think Waluigi is a given.
I just think it was awesome that we had Mr. Saturn in the last one.
That was pretty cool.
From Earthbound.
I thought the Game and Watch thing was a clever little addition.
I need Fred Savage from the Wizard.
Alright, you guys are lame.
All right, one of the accessories weapons you get is a power glove
Lame lame lame. No way
Let's talk about some games that are coming out like within this
Oh, actually no before we get to that Nintendo in the UK is doing something kind of interesting
Well, there are downloadable ringtones available that is if you are a member of their little club thing
They have the Nintendo VIP
24-7 club you'll be able to after tomorrow after December 5th
You will be able to turn in your stars that you've collected to buy ringtones from the Nintendo of Europe website
They said they've got 20 to choose from there's the Legend of Zelda Metroid Prime
Super Mario Brothers
They say there are 350 stars each
but there's also mobile wallpapers too at 150 stars apiece they're saying though
that you have to update your user profile by entering in your mobile
number your phone's make a model you basically follow the instructions it's
kind of similar to what they do on the US side because I actually finally
signed up for the US Nintendo thing because you know well with the new
console coming out in the DS Wi-Fi I kind of wanted to get on board with
with whatever promotional things they might be doing, so I went and I pulled all my DS
games and I registered them all with Nintendo's site, so hopefully I'll get some free crap.
I don't know, we'll see.
Yeah, I remember when I did that, you know, back in the day when they were giving away
that Zelda, you know, where it's the Zelda 1 and 2 and then, um...
You didn't get shit, did you?
No, I didn't get shit.
And I qualified for it and they said they were gonna send it and they didn't send it,
so...
Aw, maybe somebody stole it.
Maybe I stole it, because you were living with me at the time.
No.
Alright.
So they've just launched a new WAP portal for your mobile.
You go to wap.nintendo.co.uk.
Very cool.
All right.
Let's move on and let's talk about, I've got a quick story here about Children of Mana.
This is also a second Densetsu DS, it's going to be coming out February 23rd in Japan, don't
know about here yet, estimated $42 when you convert the dollars over there.
No stateside release announced yet, but honestly guys, I think it's pretty much a given that
this game will be making its way over here.
I would guess maybe next summer, next Christmas, I think is a fair guess.
Who knows?
It's all up to Squeenix and whatever they want to do.
But for those of you guys who like to import, you can do that on February 23rd, this latest
entry from Japan.
Loki, you have something that a lot of gamers might want on their wishlist this Christmas
if you got about, what, $800, $1,000 to spare to get arcade games in your home, what's this
about?
That's less than that.
Oh, wow.
Oh, good.
Yeah, first off, there's a couple places you can get arcade games.
One of them being at Costco, and they're selling kind of a better package, but it's for about
I think $2,000, you can get a full-size, I'm sorry, $2,299, you get a 2006 Ultimate Arcade
stand-up unit. Now I'm not going to be confused with the Ultimate Arcade cabinet, which is
something I built for mine. But anyways, it comes with 81 games, all from Atari and others
including Golden Tee and stuff. It's covered in different logos like Capcom and stuff which
is kind of odd seeing as there's all Atari games in there. Huge list of stuff. Actually,
It does include, looks like other games, they have Ghouls and Ghosts, Golden Teeth, those
people who like golf stuff, Mega Man, Street Fighter.
So basically you're going to pay for MAME, basically.
So that's interesting.
Now if you're not looking to spend $2,300 on something, Target has something more of
your price.
Their cabinet, which sports a whopping 12 games, all from Midway, is $397, which is
not bad for a game.
Yeah, considering that you could probably gut that thing and do something else with
it, not a bad price.
Yeah, that's not a bad price if you want to gut it.
Now, granted, it is a little bit tiny, but it includes such wonderful things as Joust,
Defender, 1-2, Robotron, Rampage, Splat, Satan's Hollow, Root Beer Tapper, Bubbles, Wizard
of War, Timber, and Cinestar.
You know, hats off to Midway, they know how to milk their old shit.
They really do.
Sinistar is awesome.
They know how to get the most out of their old stuff.
So that's not bad.
Of course you can just do what we did and gut a pole position machine and put a computer
in it and buy an arcade monitor.
Awesome.
Alright.
DarkSakura, tell us what's in our mailbag.
Let's go open up the old mailbag and see what's going on with the listeners.
Of course you guys can always send us an email if you want.
ToGo at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send those emails, and we'll read them
and respond to them when we feel like it.
No, just kidding.
Dark Soccer always is very good about writing people back.
Got a flood of email from Rob.
One email?
One email?
A flood of them.
Oh my gosh.
From Rob.
With two B's.
Not this Rob.
No.
No.
Rob him.
Well, he's our buddy.
He keeps us in the know.
I appreciate him.
couple of these
there's a little bit about a a bonus for the Xbox 360 a
USB
Adapter oh
The wireless thing right I heard about this I kind of taken a good idea from the Nintendo DS. Honestly, but hey hey
works and
Apparently what you can do with this, you can hook up a USB hard drive to your 360.
Oh, interesting, okay.
It says on the actually linked website, all you need is the following hard drive of your choice.
It says the drive is not important as long as you can get a USB 2.0 adapter for that type of drive.
And then a USB 2.0 to ATA adapter for the type of drive you will be using.
It's, uh, pretty neat stuff.
Interesting.
Um, also, uh, in other e-mail here, as soon as I get back to, uh, reach my hand back in
the bag, um, a little bit about the, uh,
That's not the mailbag.
Dot, dot, dot.
Go ahead.
ESRB is up to their, uh, old crap again.
Yay.
Um,
Well, that's a good thing, though, because they've got to fend off all this other stuff
going on, right?
In a way kind of maybe that will they posted an article here
Just
Let me see if I can get that back up again, I accidentally closed the link. Oh, that's right
And it's taking forever to load, okay
Yeah, just to read back the title of this ESRB game retailers decried bad report card. Oh
Oh, yeah, I heard about this they got they got a report card from one of those watchdog
Association thing. Yeah, I was reading a little bit on this. Well, this is how they were
rated
ratings education c-plus
retailers policies be
retailers enforcement d-minus
ratings accuracy F
Arcade survey b-minus and
and
The only reason they got that F in ratings accuracy is because that Grand Theft Auto things slipped through and I still say to this day
Rockstar did not intend for that to get out. It was a lazy programming thing. It was a lazy programming thing
It's a they never thought they would have to do huh, but there was just you know
I love this comment here parents exercising responsibility by not buying games intended for 17 year olds for their 10 year old
F
Definitely need to be on there.
You know, I'm gonna go ahead
this article is actually on the Ars Technica website.
It really needs to be given a read by many of our listeners just because
it goes into a lot of, it's a pretty lengthy article, it goes into a lot of details
but I do think that it makes a pretty good point with the
the points going back and forth between the different facilities that are
arguing about
you know for the ratings or against the ratings or how effective they are
you know I honestly think that the ratings themselves
are pretty accurate
I would say. It's just the fact that parents just don't
look. They don't care. Interesting. You know this is going to tie into a story I have coming
up as soon as you're done with mail so. Okay. Is that it? Was that it for mail?
uh no no okay oh no okay um there's also another one he linked about um
about 400,000 xbox 360s being sold um what how what
they are really in those numbers is that how many they really put out on shells is that maybe 400,000
worldwide? No, they're estimating 400,000 launched in the U.S., 300,000 in the UK. Wow.
I don't know, it just seems like nobody I know has one. So, maybe a couple people online
I know, but nobody I know has one, whereas like everybody I know has PS2s, well whatever,
who cares. It's just a launch. And you know, this crap about them not having the systems,
I'm sorry that's so much utter crap. How so?
Just because I don't know
how fast they're manufacturing or maybe it's because they're trying to
manufacture them so quick is why they're
such you know kinda bad quality
you know why so many of them are having issues even you know my Xbox has issues
it froze like three times while we were playing
Ridge Racer 6. This is why I'm glad I decided to wait a little bit maybe they'll work some of this
stuff out in 2006 I don't know
probably gonna end up I don't know trading ours in you know after there's I
suppose a more plentiful supply available right but I honestly do you
think that they've been sitting on more than they say they've got hmm I mean
maybe they're referring to pre-sales maybe they're referring to oh that now
that could be it if you count in like pre-sales and stuff maybe there's still
people waiting for it I don't know it's actually how many little launched with
400,000 and this is it hitting I just I don't think it's either all estimates
all right yeah I want to wait for actual numbers I don't buy this we'll see
estimate thing all right anything else there were a few others but we'll go
ahead to whatever you had okay well I want to do a quick follow because this
is kind of a big story that's been going around speaking about you know ESRB and
the video game violence all that stuff has been like the hot-button issue of
2005 here. Hillary Rodham Clinton and Joseph Lieberman have kind of come
together to talk about this bill that they are going to propose when Congress
reconvenes in two weeks. It's the Family Entertainment Protection Act and it will
pretty much be suggesting that we govern a few things. Step one, basically that
it's going to be trying to get businesses to not sell a mature adults
only or ratings pending game to a person who's younger than 17. First thing I
should note is that this bill, contrary to the California bill that was passed
on to bills, actually embraces the ESRB rating system and sort of uses that as
the guide as to, you know, what they consider mature and what's not. And for
that I kind of say I applaud this bill where other bills I think have kind of
failed is that the other bills made it, at least the California one that I was
pretty familiar with, made it way too vague what exactly a mature game is.
This makes the board do it, which I think is kind of interesting.
Step two, calls for mandated yearly review, okay?
Step three, the FTC, Federal Trade Commission, can conduct an investigation when a misconsistencies
happen, as they will do with Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas, to see if it was done purposefully,
which I do truly believe they will find it was not.
Step four, consumers can file complaints
with the Federal Trade Commission when they disagree,
and then the FTC would also be audited regularly
to make sure that the ESRB's doing their job and everything.
I actually, although I do believe the bottom line is that
parents should ultimately be responsible
for what the F they're buying for their kids,
I do think this bill is better
and a step in the right direction
from things that we've seen in the past
because what this does is it sets up a board,
well the board, it uses a preexisting board
that already rates the games and it audits that board.
And I don't see there's any problem with the auditing
as long as everything's fair.
It's a system of balancing and checking everything,
make sure everything is running as it should be.
And I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing.
So I'm not so much on the doom and gloom page
as everybody else is on with this.
Although I do understand the argument that you know what, why don't parents just freakin'
read the labels?
I find it disgusting that we've had to come to this, that first of all there's not as
much honesty I think in the marketing of some of these games.
You know, I don't think that they're particularly hiding their content, you know, but I also
don't think that they are 100% accurate about the level of some of the things that are in
some of the games and are hiding behind the rating system to see what they can eek past.
How movies do.
Well, true.
True.
You know, but...
I think there should be consistency between games and movies, though, and I've said that
a long time ago.
I think they should be using the same rating system.
But I think that if a child, if it is proven that the actions of a child are based directly
off of an event in a video game, their parents need to be held liable for neglect, for being
negligent in what their children are doing.
It is not the job of the government, nor is it the job of video game companies to decide
what children play.
It is the job of the parent to censor what their children look at.
And where me myself, you know, I know when I have kids I'm going to, you know, I basically
got to look at whatever I wanted to when I was younger.
And I grew up fine and responsible because I grew up prepared for it.
That's how I feel.
I know that that's how I'm going to be with my children.
If they do something bad as a result of a game, they don't get to play the game anymore.
You know, I'm going to punish them when they do something wrong.
I think, you know, in general, you know, because again, I'm preparing, I'm going to have a
a kidlet in a year or so. Scary thought, huh?
But, um, but I... Demon spawn!
Just kidding. No gamer in training. But, um,
I think that I feel very strongly that it's the job
of the parent to ultimately decide if their child's gonna be allowed to have something and I
think that if their child seems to be going behind their back
and getting these games or trading with their friends, and parents need to say
no you're gonna give me that we're taking it back they need to you know and
I know kids are gonna hide stuff and try to get away with stuff you know I was
that way when I was a kid I don't know what child didn't try to get something
past their parents at some point another and parents please do not lie to me and
say that your children are perfect angels because we know what kids are
like we were all there you know no no child is going to be perfectly
well-behaved and even if it looks like they're perfectly well-behaved you know
Damn, well, they're trying something behind your back
It's the nature of being a kid you have to go through your rebellious phase and then you grow out of it
part of growing up
but still I digress I
really do think that it
you know and I know that all not not all parents are like this not all of them are
Really irresponsible, but I have met plenty who are I
I have all the ones that you see on television
who are like, my child...
it's their fault. Go, seriously, go observe
at a GameStop or an EB Games sometimes, just kinda lurk in the corner
and kinda listen to some of the counter conversations between parents and kids
it is amazing, it is amazing some of the stuff you would hear
I mean is, oh my gosh, wow. I don't think
enough parents take
enough of an active role in their children's upbringing because they're
And I understand being busy you're busy with I know right now
I would not be in a position to have a child as long as I'm working full-time and going to school
I am damn not having a child and I think there are too many, you know parents out there who are you know?
Not dedicating the time they need to make sure that they're you know, children are
Doing what they should be, you know playing game playing the right kind of game
they're letting the game to babysit their children well I'm sure we're
gonna get some emails on that so to go welcome them I really want to discuss it
to go at orange lounge radio.com is the email Loki though what's your thought
I'm gonna let my kids just they're only gonna be able to play Grand Theft Auto
that is it you're doing like an experiment there's no experiment why do
we need to do this anyways this is all Hillary Clinton's fault and you know why
yes it is you know why because she wants some sort of platform so she can
campaign for fucking president that's what it is and I can tell you this much
we don't need that because why for one we don't have any sort of laws saying
that I you know a child under 17 can't go see our rated movie it is these
theaters policy there are no laws against that so why there have to be
lost against the game I agree that if this is going to be against law then it
should be against the law, the theater should be held responsible when a kid sneaks into
an R-rated film, which is something we all did when we were kids.
And besides, it's...
Who snuck?
I just went.
It's gonna be just, you know, it's still gonna be the same problem.
So what, you make it against the law for a kid to buy the game, okay, big deal.
The parents are buying the games for the kids anyway, so what's the matter?
I mean, you've solved nothing.
Okay.
Nothing?
I honestly, though, have to say that I'm highly embarrassed to have Hillary Clinton as a representative
of my gender well that's I don't I I don't think it's as bad as people are
making it out to be I I think that I I kind of agree what you're saying it's
kind of sad that it's come to this but I think that this bill is much better than
bills in the past I think this I think there's if they have one then this one
is more well thought out I think mm-hmm and so I can't say the Hillary Clinton
because you know I think it's I think you I give her credit for saying okay we
have this ESRB but the problem with it is it's regulated by the industry so
let's have the government regulate it and then we could use this right I think
it's it's the best idea but you know I'm sure I'll get an email or two on it
whatever I'm sure and and have they have they solved the problems with you know
pirates out there because no yeah oh that's right that's right they should
just focus on that and not all right Jack Jack Sparrow's coming back haven't
you seen the trailer yeah yeah I know I'm hilarious but seriously folks I would
like I would like to receive the email I would love to hear from other parents
especially just on a personal note since again like I said I'm planning on
spawning soon well the last time this topic got brought up we did get some
parents so and I welcome them because trust me I believe I love hearing the
other side and I agreed with many of the emails that I received I do think that
yes there's a there is a very high degree of responsibility with the
companies for what they market but I do I strongly believe still that the
ultimate power is in the hands of the parents and I I assure you this I will
be emailing Senator Clinton and Senator Minn Lieberman's office trying to get an
interview and it probably won't happen but I will email and try and allow them
to present their perspective on the show if they so choose and I'd like to voice
my opinion to the industry, we need more games with TNA, because there's a lot more violent
games out there, not enough nudie.
Alright.
Well, you know, maybe having a bunch of, like, you know, nudie games will be like stress
relief instead of incite violence.
Alright, well, here's something, here's an interesting footnote now to all of this we've
been talking about.
Illinois passed one of these gaming laws not that long ago, overturned.
It was supposed to go into effect January 1st of 2006, however, a district judge ruled
that it would violate First Amendment.
And so the bill was stricken.
Interesting.
Wait.
Amendment.
Amendment.
Yeah, those are those things that our government continuously ignores.
Oh, that's right.
Constitution.
I remember the Constitution.
We used to study that in elementary school, but now they just teach it because they're
forced to.
I thought this was interesting.
I have to say this.
You have to hear this, okay?
This was a 53-page ruling by Judge Kennelly.
He specifically talks about God of War and mentions a mini-game where the character Kratos
has sexual relations with two women.
Quote, Because of this one scene, a game such as God of War, which essentially parallels
a classic book like The Odyssey, likely would be prohibited for minors under the SEVGL because
the statute allows a game to be regulated based on one scene without regard to the value
of the game as a whole.
Such a sweeping regulation on speech, even sexually explicit speech, is unconstitutional
even if aimed at protecting minors I love this man
the game does not show him having sex
very interesting at all you know what
you know what you know what happens when when children grow up sheltered
they are so unprepared for real life once they decide to
live out there and so they live with mommy and daddy until they're 30 I have
witnessed this
it's scary do you want your children living with you until they're 30
We're gonna get some e-mails, we're gonna get some e-mails, alright, cause whenever
we bring up politics it's like whoosh, angry e-mails, not just any e-mails but angry e-mails.
Honestly the people that I know personally who grew up very sheltered still live with
their parents.
Alright, let's get back into some other gaming news and let's talk about those violent video
games as well as the G-rated ones coming out very soon.
Loki, what kind of games can we expect coming out in the US?
I know we're getting towards the end of the year, so not a lot, but what's coming out
in the US?
Not much, but it's really the only big things we've got coming out, especially this week,
Animal Crossing and Final Fantasy.
Now if you're more of a fan of the portable stuff, you've got a lot of stuff for the PSP.
For example, Smackdown vs. Raw 06 is coming out finally for the PSP, which is good.
Other than that, December is a very dead month for games.
The biggest game probably coming out this month is going to be Gauntlet Seven Sorrows
for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
But a lot of everything else has moved away.
Of course Dead Alive 4 coming out for the 360 on the 15th.
I heard that got pushed back again though.
No that's got...
Or is that the 15th?
It was pushed to the 6th and then it got pushed back to the 15th.
So the 15th hopefully.
But January there's going to be a little bit more coming hopefully.
We've got, what was it, 25 The Life being the big one, the next cop killer game that'll
be coming out, that'll be getting the press I'm sure.
Then we have Painkiller Hell Wars coming out on the Xbox, which is going to be a pretty
cool game.
True Swing Golf for the Nintendo DS, which should be a pretty solid game from what I
hear.
And of course, Ape Escape 3, and Ape Escape Academy for the PSP.
Useless. Useless. Yeah.
Alright, Jamie, Jamie, how about UK?
Coming out all on the 9th, Battalion Wars
for the GameCube, Burnout Legends for the DS.
On the PSP we have Championship Manager PSP, Madden NFL 2006, Namco Museum
Battle Collection, DS and PSP. We also have King Kong.
On the Xbox and GameCube, Chronicles of Narnia.
We have WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 2006 for the PSP and The Sims 2
and King Kong on the Game Boy Advance.
Actually, and I do apologize because The Sims 2 and King Kong are coming out on the 16th and 17th.
But I find it incredibly hilarious that the UK is getting a release of America's Army Rise of the Soldier.
You know, it's a very popular game over here.
It's kind of got that little underground following that we don't talk about much,
but I've run into a lot of people that are really into this game.
Well, it is supposed to be a fairly accurate representation, but I just, I don't know why
I find it funny that it's being released overseas.
Um, Loki, you got a story about something going on with the Madden series, or Madden
in general?
What's up?
Well Madden's EA is getting sued over Madden NFL 2006, um, because of this feature that
they have this superstar mode basically you start off by picking your parents
kind of your lineage and based on that it will calculate what kind of a player
you would have become and then you start off you know basically from that however
this is kind of funny because there was a game called was it a see here heart of
a champion and it's actually a game that this guy opposed to EA about where players would
take a high school athlete and go from you know through college and stuff and into the
pros and basically play all the way through from you know high school all the way to professional
and
isn't there something exactly like this in the basketball one too
yeah something like that but see and this was an idea he posed to them and basically
they ripped it off so three years later you also do the same thing in Derby
Owners Club with horses well kind of but a little different yeah breed your own
human all right interesting well we'll see what happens with that that'll be a
fun court battle or more likely out of court settlement we'll see what happens
that Dark Sakura is here to remind us that there is a big world out there
outside of gaming you know because if all you did all day long was stay inside
and play video games you would have no time to go out and corrupt the youth of
America so dark soccer she's gave me a face I got a face no that's a knowing
smile all right dark soccer is here to give us her advice column because
there's a whole world outside go live in it dark soccer what are you gonna tell
the kids about today today's bit of advice is how to evade a stampede of
Shoppers know that this is good. This is very timely. I like this. Yeah
number one
React immediately stay focused and visualize your goal reacting early and decisively in crowds affords you your best shot at survival
To do not join the herd if you cannot shop. No, you cannot shop if you cannot see the merchandise
3. Do not move toward the herd. You risk being trampled if you try to thread your way through
a stampede. If you are unable to get out of the way, bring your arms in tightly around
any packages you are carrying, turn your body in the direction of the crowd, and let yourself
be carried along as you work your way to the outside.
4. Maximize your movement options. If you need to negotiate your way through a crowd,
on the edge. Most shoppers will leave at least a few feet between themselves and surrounding
walls so you will have room to maneuver. But my final bit of advice, just avoid the mall.
You don't need to tickle me on the wall or whatever it is this year. Seriously, I went
to the mall today. You went to the mall. I know, I went to the mall. I spent half my
time looking for a parking space. That's it. Interesting. Amazingly enough, last year I
actually had a pretty easy time parking because I have mad parking lots oh no no
I I even did the trick at the local mall what you do is you drive up the parking
structure to the very very top because there's a secret entrance to the mall
that I thought nobody knew about but oh my god completely full the parking lot
at the top completely full I follow people who leave you know what you
supposed to do in the city and stuff I stalk whatever all right anyway a couple
quick quick last few items for you guys sorry guys I'm having mic problems again
a couple quick stories for you guys and we'll go over to Loki um I think this is
interesting there's the Star Trek MMO that's coming out very soon well there
was a study done which was quizzing 600 gamers who are interested in both Star
Trek and MMORPGs divided them into three subgroups based on their interest blah
blah blah blah blah the result 69% of MMO players were interested in Star Trek
Online and 59% of Star Trek enthusiasts wanted to play the game however only 31%
of regular PC gamers were eager to jump on to Star Trek Online I gotta say I'm
curious I think there's a lot of interesting ideas they could do with a
Star Trek game I wouldn't call myself a Trekkie but I think it could make a
decent game I want to play a cue
interesting I that was done by the way I Nielsen research and perpetual
entertainment who are developing the upcoming PC MMO one of the quick story
for you guys Halo the movie has a rumored director attached rumored
rumored and I'm gonna pronounce this name name hit easily wrong I'm sorry
Guillermo Guillermo I don't know Guillermo del Toro who directed Hellboy
is rumored to be the person that they are courting to get to do the Halo movie
movie. I think most people would just rather see Peter Jackson do it himself, but who knows
after you guys see King Kong you might feel differently, I don't know. We'll see. Uh,
Loki what else do you got there? Didn't Peter Jackson also do Dead Alive? He also did Meet
the Feebles, let's not forget. Any last stories you got Loki? Some real quick stuff. The new
Grand Theft Auto mod has just hit the internet. It's actually, it's kind of a trainer for
Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories. It's a save game where you load it up and you can
actually do different cheats in there including now they've added super jump, the ability
to walk through walls and among other things.
Really fun, I've actually played with this.
It's kind of cool to be able to load it up and play around with that stuff.
So that's really neat.
Also coming to the arcade if you're a fan of first person shooters on the PC this should
get you going.
It's Half Life 2 Survivor.
It's actually a first person shooter for the arcade.
It's going to have a card system to be able to save your progress.
the controls kind of look like a driving cabinet. You have two controllers, one for looking,
one for aiming, and then foot pedals for jumping and crouching.
So the grid, but way better. Yeah, way better. So that's kind of a really
cool game. I thought the grid was your favorite game.
No. There's been also another kind of marketing
campaign going on for the PSP, one featuring dust bunnies and a squirrel. And it's really
strange they describe the PSP as like a nut you can play with outside.
What's very interesting though, and this is actually, they've got these weird squirrely
things in the eyes that kind of look stoned which also matches this new campaign that's
going on, kind of a graffiti campaign, which you see kids basically hypnotized by the PSP.
Now most people aren't liking this and they're actually tagging over it and writing very
colorful things like, I'll ride a Brompton bicycle or I'll teabag a mime before I give
Sony Corp another fucking dime.
That was poetic, that's nice.
Yes, and a lot of people...
I like the part about the mime, because there's not enough mime violence in the world.
Not enough mime violence, but it's basically popping up everywhere, they've actually caught
some of the artists responsible for it, you know, pictures of them.
So another campaign that's not really welcome.
And finally in news of people paying way too much for a 360, someone's actually modded
a 360.
This was on llama.com and it's pretty cool.
It's got a window on the side of it plus, you know, the wonderful cold cathode lights
and glows blue and stuff.
Right now with five days left to go, actually almost six days, it's going for $6,200 with
71 bids.
I hope you enjoy that 360 for what you paid for.
They have so voided that warranty.
Yes, and that is it.
Alright, I have one last story for you guys.
This is kind of one of those odd damn things.
Maybe you heard about this game, it was up and running a while back, it was available
at a shot of orange juice calm it was risk but using Google Maps to do it is
playing risk on Google Maps well if you wanted to check out this game sorry too
bad it's done it got cease and desisted by Hasbro who owns the right to risk and
did you know put out their own versions of risk in 96 and 2000 I believe the
goodbye message said nevertheless Hasbro none too happy that somebody is
infringing on their trademark my suggestion to the author's rename it
world conquest and make it similar but not the same yeah whatever make it
nobody can take Russia or you know do your Google Maps let you go anywhere so
you could do like you know Canadian conquest just choose Canada or you could
do LA conquest just zoom in on LA forget it I know a conquest what Iowa
calm Iowa Delaware conquest yeah we definitely have to end this show now so
Loki what is your final thought my final thought is I'm gonna play more games
this week and my final thought would be so am I
dark Sakura your final thought reject false icons and I would like to be over
the plague any minute now all right until next time kids which by the way
did you know next week is episode number 50 good times Wow we'll see you then
that's the end of another orange lounge radio to-go edition this podcast is a
a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
