Tonight, July 5th, 2009.
What happened to some games that disappeared from Xbox Live?
Details emerge on Last.fm connectivity with the Xbox.
Could PS2 emulation be coming back to the PlayStation 3?
Hello, everybody.
DarkSakura, the happiest bunny on the farm
and I'm sure they're having fun being big giggling girls and no, I always tease them about that but I know they're having a good time nerding it up, I'm sure.
If there was a Star Trek experience, I'm sure they'd be there right now but sadly it's closed.
I thought they reopened it.
I think they're going to reopen it soon but it's not open yet.
Especially, you know, the worst time to close it right before the movie comes out and it's like, ah, missed potential.
Bummer, whoops.
Well, we still have you guys in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
I wonder if DarkSakura might be listening.
I think her and Tiara are just kind of hanging out tonight.
They're just kind of away.
So if so, I expect angry text messages.
They shouldn't be listening.
They should be gambling and seeing shows.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I didn't buy fireworks because in California the fireworks all suck here.
They're getting more safe and sane as the time goes on.
So you buy $100 worth of fireworks and they last you like five minutes because...
and so being smart and just plain lazy and broke this year decided, you know, I'm just not going to buy fireworks so we decided to go down to our local mall that was doing a fireworks show and so we went and kind of sat on my sister's apartment lawn and watched them from there.
So that was alright, you know, it's like, whatever.
Which is funny, because Loki and I were at the same show last night, except I was in the actual mall parking lot.
Which is funny.
This is the unplanned, we were at the same place.
Yeah, so... Took us an hour to get out of that goddamn lot.
Three minutes, for us.
You suck.
Well, we were far enough away.
Um, so... Yeah, that's what we basically did, and it was okay, I mean, it's just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And actually this year, the night before, because they do the rodeo for three days or so.
So they do the Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Or maybe this year is Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Anyways, so they had fireworks each night.
And unfortunately the second night, apparently there was an accident.
And one of the mortars shot off into the crowd, burning people.
So, sad I missed that.
So, oh well.
But, um...
I hope it isn't like Final Destination where you had a premonition to not go.
No, by premonition meaning that the rodeo sucked every year, then yeah, I guess... Well, we normally don't actually go into the rodeo, we just watch it from outside, but...
They started figuring out that people are doing that, so they keep shooting the fireworks even lower.
I mean, that's dangerous enough, but because they go, Hey, you've got to come in the rodeo to see the fireworks.
We're going to shoot them 10 feet above everybody.
It's like, come on.
But, oh well.
reading our chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com looking at some of the commentary, Tiger Claw suggesting we need someone to make OLR fireworks fireworks that explode into the OLR logo hey, I'd be down for that, except they're probably very expensive I love it, DarkTentCia says why can't they play America, fuck yeah, during a show I said the exact same thing so did I I said the exact same thing last night were you listening to the whole simulcast they did on One Direction?
yes, that was crap and they're playing, you know, God bless the USA and all the patriotic stuff I was like, they need to just bust out with America, fuck yeah
America, fuck yeah, pop pop
and just the biggest fire you could possibly imagine.
Well, since I like fire a lot, not only did I see the fireworks... By the way, a happy 4th of July to all the other American folks that listen to our program.
If you're not American, well, I hope you had a good weekend, nonetheless.
Happy Canada Day to those of our friends in Canada, because that was just this past week as well, three days before ours.
Exactly, and you know what?
It's not really... I mean, a lot of people, I guess, celebrate independence.
I just celebrate the fact they get the light stuff on fire.
Exactly.
That's all I really celebrate.
And I think that's something that the whole world can celebrate.
Okay, some of those safe and sane fireworks, though, are a little crazy, okay?
Because, like, okay, we really like fire.
So not only did we go to the public fireworks show, but then we came back and lit off some of our private stash.
And you know Victoria.
Victoria was there, and she had brought her 11-year-old brother, like stepbrother or something, came...
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It's Super Scope 6 of fireworks.
You have to literally put it on your shoulder.
I thought it was going to be a pathetic little display like a sparkler or something.
No, this thing was a... It didn't last very long.
It was only about 30 seconds.
But it shot off monsters of color and sparks so much that the kid got afraid and started backing up a little bit.
And we were all actually kind of like, this can't be good.
But he was scared to hold it and all this stuff.
And Victoria was just like...
You fucking bought it!
You fucking hold it!
This is great.
So, you know, teaching them young.
So, yeah, and it was cool.
We set it off, and it was very amusing, at least for those 30 seconds.
The other thing we did during Fourth of July is we were watching Comedy Central all day, where they had a marathon of, like, stand-up comedy, which is awesome.
So there's a bunch of comedians in there.
I'm like, oh, yeah, that's that guy that I wanted to see.
So that was pretty much it.
Yeah.
We don't have any, unfortunately at Tiger Cloud we don't have cool things like roaming candles here.
Yeah, he's asking if I'm talking about roaming candles.
No, you don't point, this wasn't something you point upwards.
You hold it like a bazooka or a Super Scope 6 and it shoots sideways.
But what's shooting out looks like the type of thing you would see in a normal safe and sane firework.
I don't know how to describe this for people not in California, but like, you know, just the little sparks that go...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I've seen my friend's dad is a firefighter, or fire chief actually, and he confiscates all the fireworks.
Confiscates, quote unquote.
Stashes them for his own fireworks display.
Yeah, my brother was a firefighter.
I know all about confiscating.
They had little boxes that are mortars and stuff.
Just stuff that...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks for watching!
No, I don't think so.
Really?
We didn't have any this year.
No, they're around.
Are they?
Okay.
So they have those, and their thing was as a big group or a party and stuff, they tried to light off more and more each year.
I think the year we went, they were doing like 250.
I mean, it's been getting more and more.
This was many years ago.
But it was the most hilarious thing I've ever seen.
It literally was a pile that they meticulously, you know,
Thanks for watching!
It's breathtaking.
You just can't stop.
You just have to bust out laughing because it's the most ridiculous thing you've ever seen.
You just wanted to cry.
It was so amazing.
It was crazy.
I wish we had video of it.
That sounds like you'll spend all day setting up dominoes for just that one minute thrill when you knock them all over.
That's basically it.
That's exactly what it sounds like to me.
Setting up 400 ground flowers.
It's gotten so big now that they literally have four or five piles of this stuff.
and it, like, by the time it's done, it's just like, there's like a block radius of just this ground flower just left.
The whole ground flower bomb went off.
Pretty much.
It's awesome.
Nice.
That's amazing.
This was a lot of fun.
Alright, well, hey, we've talked a lot about fire and fireworks, and I'm sure the kids love that, but let's talk about video games a little bit with How Was Your Gaming Week.
Loki, How Was Your Gaming Week?
I didn't play much.
I played, of course, the usual hacked Grand Theft Auto 4, and yes, I have people requesting that I play with them and stuff online.
I can't play with you guys online because our systems are modded, so we have a special version of it, and it just wouldn't work.
I mean...
We have items that I've created, and who knows if it'd crash the game if I tried playing with you guys.
Most likely, you'd be seeing us firing off all these crazy weapons, and you wouldn't be able to do that.
Because it's just the way it works.
And also, the other thing, our work games, we don't invite other people in.
It's just the four of us, or three of us, or whoever's playing.
That's just the way it is.
So don't get that hurt.
Not that I'm trying to ignore anybody, I'm just saying that people have been asking me to invite them.
It's just like...
I can't do that.
Sorry.
Anyways, so beyond that stuff, it's just getting crazy.
You just stuck up.
Just admit it.
You just stuck up.
I'm not stuck up.
I play with other people.
But, um...
Let's see here.
Then, also, I've been playing, I tried Angry Barry.
I finally got it to work.
I found out that it actually wasn't the game Broken.
It was actually, our internet at work is kind of, it's got a weird firewall on it.
They have this, what is it, 86-3000 or something like that.
It's some weird web filter that they have.
Well, they've only, like, unblocked certain ports or something.
So, for whatever reason, like, we can play live.
but like the community game stuff doesn't work because community games whether you guys know it or not you actually have to be connected to live to use any of the community games even if you bought them and they're on your system you have to connect to live in order for it to work that's kind of like what happens with an xbox live arcade game if you're not on your own console that you bought it on but you're under your account it'll kind of check live first exactly sounds like that
But, you know, these are the consoles I bought, or it's the games I bought on this console, so it's kind of annoying.
So, you know, I didn't realize this, but at work I was getting this weird error message.
And it's weird, too, because other community games I've gotten have worked just fine.
But maybe I wasn't, like, maybe they changed something or whatever, because I played Carnivale, and that was kind of fun.
But anyways, so Angry Barry, for whatever reason, didn't work at work.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's got all sorts of crazy enemies and stuff, and all sorts of political references.
So it's great.
So definitely worth checking out.
I think it's only like 400 Microsoft points, so I think it's worth that.
I would like to see a game like this, but with Sarah Palin.
I think it would be very funny, especially now that she's not going to be the governor of Alaska anymore, if you've been watching the news at all this week.
What else is she going to do in her spare time but save the world from crime?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But the game is fun, and now that I've figured out how to cheat and teleport to different spots on the map to get different vista points and stuff, it makes it nice and easy.
But it was funny, though, because the first section of the game, the first little region that you're in, I didn't realize that I've only done one page of the challenges.
I'm like, what the hell?
Why does this challenge say I'm not done?
I'm like, I've done all six of them.
I'm like, oh, there's a page over.
Whoops!
By the way, that happens with races too.
In the second area, in Tsunami Zone or whatever it's called, there's six races, not three.
So just watch out for that.
Okay.
Why can't they put more on my page?
Why don't you get fooled?
I don't know why they did it that way.
But it's important in the Tsunami Reef or whatever.
I think it's what's called Tsunami Reef.
Because those races not only will unlock, you get your Challenge Doppler, the Livery Doppler, but you also get three cars that are new cars.
And when you run into them, you unlock a vehicle.
So it's important to play all those races if you want to get all the vehicles.
Yeah, I do.
Because I'm actually tired of driving as the one side.
I did all those unlock codes for different vehicles.
Nice.
They're kind of eh, but I like the clothing, so I kept the clothing.
But yeah, it's still fun.
And actually, I really wish I had more time to play it because I would be playing it a lot more.
But I've been busy with that and other things.
Yeah, and still haven't got a chance to play Wii Sports Resort.
Let me get to this question from J-Rod in chat because you were talking about Angry Barry and it kind of brought up community games.
J-Rod wants to know, are those community games free to download?
They're free to demo, yes, but they do cost money if you want to actually buy the registered version.
It's just like Xbox Live Arcade.
Except the community games tend to be a lot cheaper.
And I mean, the lowest price on the community games, 200 Microsoft points.
And another thing too, I haven't really gotten a chance to play around with it yet.
The new kind of game making program, Kodu, is actually out now.
And 400 Microsoft points.
Five bucks for a game that you can make games in and send them to your friends and share stuff like that.
Excellent deal.
So definitely check that out.
Very cool.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Thanks for watching!
I don't know.
I do.
I need to go play something else like that.
But keep in mind also I have a roommate so I can't have the TV whenever I want.
Period.
So keep in mind that's a big reason why I don't always play Xbox games and stuff.
You need to get a VGA cable.
For my monitor?
Yeah.
Maybe I do.
Maybe that is something I need to invest in.
I play on my computer all the time.
That's all I really play on my 360 on.
Well, here's something else.
I don't want to get teased too much.
I didn't play all those Facebook games all week, although I did play some more legitimate things like Bejeweled and Text Twist, and they have Uno on Facebook now.
I don't know if you're aware, but they have Uno on Facebook that is similar to the Xbox Live one, except instead of seeing webcams, you're seeing people's little Facebook icons, and you're in a little chat room, so you can actually play Uno.
I was checking a lot of that out this week.
But I also got a new laptop this week.
Fry's is having a really good deal on laptops this weekend because it's 4th of July and all that stuff.
So I actually went and got a new laptop.
It's a Toshiba, so it's not a bad brand.
2 gigahertz machine, 3 gigs of RAM, separate video card inside.
It's not like an onboard video.
It's got a separated video card.
399.99 for this laptop.
I know, it was a sweet deal.
But what's also sweet about it, here's where the rest of my gaming week comes into play.
Because now it's back to a 32-bit operating system, since I don't have so much RAM or what have you, I can play GameTap games again.
So I actually spent some time playing Civilization 4 because I missed it.
And that was one of the big games I would play through GameTap.
So I know I let out a lot of GameTap hate on a previous show because it would not work with my Windows Vista 64-bit.
But now I'm running Windows 7.
and yeah I installed the release candidate that we all got at E3 I decided you know what since I have a new laptop kind of like a fresh start when better time to upgrade my OS so I upgraded to Windows 7 I haven't played enough games on it yet I'm not familiar enough with the operating system yet
I do like it seems to be a faster version of Vista but without all the stuff that made Vista so annoying like it's not asking me like 50 times I'm saying there are you sure you want to install this so and so wants to access your computer it's only done that when I've installed stuff otherwise it leaves me alone and it's it's so much easier to turn off the warning messages and stuff so that was one big improvement I noticed right off the bat I do think Windows 7 will be better than Vista that's for sure
Better than XP?
I don't know.
Still too early to tell.
I do like though, here's the one huge thing I noticed, if I can talk operating systems for a minute.
Instead of having all your windows at the bottom, like you know how right now you can see, okay, I have Firefox open, IRC, Adobe Audition, the mixer, and all this stuff that you see there.
Okay, instead of it that, imagine that what would happen is that you'd see the little icon in the quick launch bar that you had on XP, and it's just like it's a different color.
Like the button looks raised because you have windows open.
And then when you hover over the raise button, you see little previews of all the windows.
That's another huge change in Windows 7.
So you save so much real estate on the bottom of the screen with all your windows open at once.
That was pretty cool.
I'm noticing little things here and there, but being able to play all the old computer games I was missing from not having GameTap work on a newer OS was kind of nice.
That's cool.
I'm happy about that.
Ranma in our chatroom says, Windows 7 release candidate will expire after a year.
Yes, I'm aware that the two-hour shutdowns begin in March 2010, but look, that's March 2010.
That's still a heck of a long ways away, and apparently...
My laptop comes with some type of free upgrade to Windows 7 anyway because I have like Vista Premium came with it.
I don't know.
They were telling me this at Fry's.
There is a thing that you can – it's going to either be free or a small fee.
I wouldn't even mind paying a small fee, honestly.
But if I contact the manufacturer, it's held onto my receipt so I can get the 7 free because I'm sure I will prefer 7 to Vista.
I can already tell I prefer 7 to Vista.
I feel weird if I bought an operating system, so I'm going to hold out for the pirated version.
But if your laptop comes with it for free, I mean, you know, so I'm entitled to it, right?
It's not a piracy thing.
It came with my laptop.
No, I'm talking about my computer.
Well, that's you.
So there you go.
It's not that I don't want to pay for it.
It's just I don't want to pay for it.
Yeah, Ranma in chat says, don't worry, you get a free upgrade.
And let's see, TigerClaw says, the deals you see about home being $49 and professional being $99 is for those that bought PCs with a Vista.
That's interesting because that means that that means it's kind of like an apology for Windows Vista.
Ranma in chat goes on, as of last Friday, when you buy any computer, you get a low cost or free upgrade for $7.
That's awesome.
I picked a great time to upgrade, didn't I?
Woohoo!
Nice.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and only $150 more than the cost of a PSP Go.
I was listening to an old episode of ORLR.
When I say old, I mean just a couple weeks old.
We were kind of in that debate about the PSP Go and how Sony is absolutely being idiotic with their price points.
It's what's killing this generation.
Dude, $249 can buy you a freaking laptop.
And we talk about how PSPs are cool because they can do music and games and all the things that a laptop can do.
Well, guess what, Sony?
A laptop costs as much as you're charging for your PSP Go.
Whoever, that was, oh, it's so frustrating.
Because it's not that they're bad systems, it's just that Sony's getting... It's just like when, remember the PlayStation 3?
Everybody was like, you know, they're showing the system and everything, and it was like, yeah, this looks awesome, this is gonna be sweet, you know?
And then they're like, oh, and it's gonna be... $5.99.
$5.99, and you're like...
Duh, you stupid!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
My Significant Other has a PlayStation 2.
It doesn't play any video games on it.
It uses it as a DVD player.
There are a lot of people out there like that that will buy it as a player, but kind of knowing that, oh, well, if I wanted to play games on it or had somebody to entertain, I could.
It's good, but see, that's the thing, though, is that's good to increase your install base, but when you look at something like that, then think about all the people that did buy it for mainly a Blu-ray player
Their numbers already for being in third place aren't that great.
And if you take off X amount of percentage of that, saying that these people are only going to be using it for mainly a Blu-ray player, that's really not good.
And they were kind of hoping that they would get a little bit of a bump from people buying it as a cheap Blu-ray player, but it's not working out for them anymore.
Marissa Congusto in chat makes an interesting comment, chat.orangelandredo.com if you want to join us live on this Sunday evening as we tape at allgames.com.
Marissa says, I was talking about the economy with new game prices the other day with a friend.
The prices have gone down over the years, recollecting that if a new game was $60 in 1993 for me, but I still wonder if the new titles can command the same opening price with the unemployment rate skyrocketing.
Well, and somebody followed up in chat, well, Sony sure hopes so.
To some extent, they do say that even in a recession, people will not neglect their entertainment.
I mean, look at movies.
Transformers did extraordinarily well at the box office, even with the fact that tickets cost like $10.25 a pop now.
I mean, movies are freaking expensive.
But Transformers had, what, the second best weekend only to The Dark Knight?
I mean, that's still huge business.
You know, that's a lot of freaking money.
A lot of people are going to see a movie.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They can still afford to go to the movies.
It's just, you know what?
You've got to be smarter about it.
If you really want to go see a movie, don't buy the popcorn and soda there.
Go see a matinee.
There you go.
You save yourself a ton of money.
It's just that the concession prices are so expensive and the movie prices are pretty expensive.
Or go to the drive-in.
Damn.
You know how much you can save at the drive-in with the double features and bringing in your own crap in the backseat and everything?
Hell yeah.
I'm surprised the drive-ins do not thrive in an economy like this one.
Well, you notice, remember they were talking about closing the drive-in that we have in Sacramento here for a while now.
They always do.
Every year they're talking about closing it.
They're talking about, let's put in a 25-screen theater.
Well...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura,
What does Sony have to justify that PSP go with?
Not a lot.
And I'm sorry, fanboys.
I know you got your games.
I know you got your multi stuff that you can do in there.
I'm sorry.
It does not justify the price.
Now, they did say, and then, you know, I know this doesn't justify anything.
They did say that the processor is going to be four times, you know, it's going to be a little bit faster.
So...
The average gamer does not give two shits.
I didn't say they're not going to sell any of those things.
There's plenty of Sony fanboys that'll be forking over the money, but it's going to be an embarrassment.
They're going to have to cut the price.
There will be damage control.
When's this thing supposed to be out?
August?
October?
October.
Well, then they won't be able to fix it in time for this year's holidays, but next year, you betcha.
It's going to tank for the holidays.
It's going to be, well, especially, you know, they've got the PSP 3000 still out there now.
If you really want a PSP, you know, if you think about it, huh, let's see here.
I can buy this PSP system that's $100 cheaper and, you know, get 16 gigabytes of storage or whatever for that for probably a lot less than $100.
So there you go.
You save money right there.
AmazeSatsuma in chat asks, Sky, tank worse than the GBA Micro?
Actually, that's not a bad comparison because that was a dumb idea too.
I think it was one of those things like, oh, how cute, little tiny Game Boy.
But in practicalness, come on.
Those GBA Micros were a little silly.
I think this is actually worse because the reason why is you're basically saying to your retailers, okay, you need to sell these.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, this is just going to be an embarrassment.
It's going to set digital distribution for games back a couple years single-handedly.
Because then Sony's going to blame it on that, that people aren't ready for digital distribution.
No, blame it on your price.
And the fact that a system without a UMD drive should be cheaper.
And then they see what happened with the price before with the PlayStation 3.
Hello, come on.
I mean, did you not learn from that at all?
I don't want to spend this whole show bitching about Sony's price point because we've done it before but it's just frustrating as somebody who wants to see the good in Sony and wants to see a lot of the good stuff they have on the horizon to just watch them literally literally take out a gun point it at their foot and pull the trigger to watch them literally do this in front of our eyes is frustrating as a gamer I'm sorry as someone who tries very hard to see the good in Sony yeah
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news.
I don't really have a lot for housekeeping tonight.
Visit us on Twitter at OLR.
Send us emails at Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com, etc., etc.
Loki, go ahead.
Yes, so actually I was going to say, you know, we can talk a little bit about those bundles that they had.
There's actually two different bundles that are available now for the 8GB system, which is kind of funny because they're like kind of clearing them out, you know, because everybody thinks, oh, they're going to come out with some new 160GB systems or something like that.
That kind of goes back into what the Ars Technica mole said that the...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and according to UDN.com, half the orders have gone to Taiwanese group Foxconn and the other half have gone to Pegatron.
Wasn't it a Taiwanese lawyer that tried to cease and desist the early images of the PS3 Slimbox 2?
Yes, it was.
and apparently these were the manufacturers that have I think manufactured the original PS3 so it makes sense and they also said that the timing makes sense the rumor that it's going to be released in August because in Japan they actually have more console sales during the summer as opposed to the holiday season for us in the United States and Canada
So, you know, it makes sense maybe that they're trying to sell off all these PS3 80 gig systems to kind of clean out their inventory.
And they're doing these kind of bundles to, you know, push out some more systems to kind of make space for this new system.
Which, who knows, maybe going into our next story, you know, with the whole emulation thing.
Tell us a little more about the emulation thing then.
If you're going to open that can of worms, let's talk about it.
Definitely.
If you think about it, why would I need a PS3 Slim system when I have a PS3?
Well, there's rumors now that they may be bringing back the emulation.
This is coming from the fact that there has been a new patent issued
I guess back in December, talking about full emulation of the Emotion Engine.
And the Emotion Engine was the chipset that they had in the PlayStation 2.
It's basically what you had in the launch PS3 systems that allowed you to play the PlayStation 2 games.
And then, of course, they took out one of those two chips for the 80-gig system that was with Metal Gear Solid 4, and they were doing some of that with software emulation, and then later on they took out all of the chips.
and so now you have no emulation but like they did with the Playstation 1 the Playstation 1 is completely software emulated and you can play your discs and you can download Playstation 1 games
So you better believe it that they're probably going to have PlayStation 2 game downloads.
Here's my thing, though.
Are they really going to patch this in and allow everybody to play their PlayStation 2 games, or are they just going to really strictly leave this as software emulation for the titles that are downloaded so that you have to buy your games again?
Do they want to piss me off or not?
Is basically the question that's out on the table.
I would hope if the emulation is being built in there to play these old games and put them out there on the service, which makes a lot of sense as to why now, why this is happening, especially with digital distribution being so big.
Maybe the PSP Go will leave because if this thing has a faster processor, right?
You said the processor.
Maybe these PSP Go's are going to be armed to play the PlayStation 2 games.
It's not going to work because the patent's actually for the cell processor to interpret.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but just not PlayStation 2 which is noticeably missing from the newer models anyway which I think most people have.
I don't have a model that can play the old stuff.
That's the thing.
How greedy are they?
The real question that we need to be asking them because they want the PlayStation 2 to still sell well.
They dropped it down to $99 and they still care about that system because it's still selling pretty well.
Sometimes outselling the PlayStation 3.
But
Are they going to be greedy enough to where when this does come out, if they do happen to release this, are they going to do it as a patch where it will allow you to play any PlayStation 2 game?
I think that would be good.
That would probably get a lot of people that are pissed off at them off their backs, and it would look really good in a PR standpoint.
But if they are super greedy, they may also say, hey, we're just going to limit this to the games that you have to download, so you have to rebuy the games.
I think Sony has to kill the PlayStation 2 and get the PlayStation 2 owners to move on.
That also makes sense, because I think a lot of people are clinging to the PlayStation 2 and are upgrading it.
Well, sure, you put a $99 system next to a $399 system, and the average consumer, again, that's just looking for something to entertain their 9- and 10-year-old is going to go for the $99 system.
And also, a lot of people are upgrading because they're like, well, I have all these PlayStation 2 games.
I don't want to buy a new system and not be able to play them.
I never understood that argument in the first place.
If you're buying a new system, you still have your old system.
You can still play your old games.
It's not like all of a sudden your old system is just going to vanish.
It's not going to incinerate itself.
Speaking as someone who stopped playing PlayStation 2 games when the PlayStation 3 came out, a lot of times it's about space, wires, and just the convenience of it.
Convenience is huge.
And to me, owning a Wii, an Xbox 360, and a PlayStation 3...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura.com
As gamers who probably download this podcast, interested in the hardcore stuff, there's a lot of people out there who don't even know how to hook this shit up to their TV.
They have to call somebody over to explain.
Maybe you've been called before.
Think about it.
Haven't you ever been called to install something like this, like a VCR, a DVD player, a PlayStation, onto somebody's TV, or had to fix it because a wire came out and they didn't know what happened?
There's a lot of people that don't understand that stuff.
And the other thing too, though, it's kind of, I mean, presumptuous of them to assume that everybody that has a PlayStation 2 is going to upgrade to a PlayStation 3.
I think a lot of people have gotten tired of their shit and have already upgraded to a Wii or, well, it's not really an upgrade, but, you know, have gotten a Wii or have upgraded to like a 360 or something like that.
And, you know, I was one of those people.
I hated the Xbox.
Thanks for watching!
I'm not paying $600 for this.
Luckily, you know, I got it for free, so I didn't have to do that.
But, you know, if I didn't get it for free, I would not be buying it.
So, I mean, it's just, it's really, you know, and Microsoft's really changed the way I think about them.
Because, you know, with the Xbox, it's just like, oh my god, the system's huge.
It's just...
Learn from their mistakes.
Microsoft said, oh, okay, we didn't cater enough to the role-playing game fans.
We didn't cater enough to some of these audiences.
We're the casual gamer.
We're going to try and fix those things.
It didn't happen overnight, but you really see that stuff starting to come together with the 360.
Sony...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
fucking smoked weed and made the system that came to them in their dream.
I don't know what they did, but whatever they did worked.
Because Nintendo just, woo, the Wii was kind of in outer space.
Remember when we all first heard of that?
We were like, the fuck is this?
They redesigned the GameCube and made it with some wireless controllers.
It's basically more or less.
I don't know.
But yeah, I'll be interested to see what happens, but I have a feeling if there is going to be any sort of software emulation, we're going to see it probably by this fall.
Uh, J-Rod, interesting comments in the chat here.
J-Rod says, I used to be all about my 360, but with Microsoft's piss-poor hardware quality, I've moved on to a PlayStation 3.
Ranma says, Microsoft doesn't have piss-poor hardware quality, they jumped the gun to beat Sony.
And I kind of agree with both of those comments, that yeah, you definitely notice that Microsoft has the higher hardware issue, and honestly, that system as a piece of hardware...
Loud, obnoxious, not the most attractive thing in my living room.
But I deal with it because of all the things it provides.
Does that make sense?
Actually, for me, the audio and the sound portion of the system as far as how loud it is and stuff doesn't really bother me.
I have a computer that has countless amount of fans on it.
It's super loud and I really don't care.
I just don't even notice it anymore.
I just totally tune it out.
But yes, the PlayStation 3 is immensely quiet compared to the 360.
Definitely.
Metal Gear Solid 4 and Killzone 2 with it
All for $400, so that's not too bad considering you're getting two big games there for $400.
Also, apparently, I guess rumors are saying that there's going to be another bundle that could have LittleBigPlanet, I guess, with it as well.
Yeah, they do have it.
There's one, I think, they do have it with LittleBigPlanet and WALL-E.
The Blu-ray.
Interesting.
That's especially interesting considering WALL-E isn't a Sony movie.
It's a Disney movie.
That's a little weird to me.
You would think they would throw in a Sony movie.
Like Kung Fu Panda or something.
No, that's not Sony.
I understand the need.
Obviously, they're going for the family system.
But it's very interesting that it's a Disney movie.
That sounds more like something Costco would do.
You know how Costco bundles all this stuff together.
They don't need the manufacturer to do it.
Very interesting.
But yeah, those are some...
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
A Wii bundled with rubber duckies, or a Wii bundled with pirate tattoo arm sleeves.
Why?
I don't know, but... These are crappy little carnival gifts they're just throwing in with the Wii.
Is that really going to motivate someone to go get a Nintendo Wii?
Oh, I want to get the rubber ducky!
It's absolutely crap, because if you think about it, I mean, these are like dollar store toys, I mean...
Why would, it's like, oh, you know, I gotta get a free water gun.
I mean, it's a cheap-ass water gun.
And, you know, that's the kind of thing now with, like, GameStop, and, you know, in a lot of these places, you know, a lot of people are, like, my customers I deal with, you know, bitching about GameStop having the exclusives for, you know, different content and stuff, unlockables, you know, exclusive things.
Like, for example, in the Conduit, they had, you know, the all-seeing eye was blue in the game.
that's it it just happened to be blue who cares you know it's like big whoop and this is kind of more like that it's like okay where the hell did you get these free water pistols for and why would you you know even think about bundling them with the Wii I mean why even bother it's just crap but
I don't know.
I guess they're trying to give some added value to this, but I'm not so sure.
That's no value at all.
It's like, take a dump and put it in a bag and throw it in there.
It'd be worth more than that stuff.
Seriously, it's just...
What the hell are they thinking?
The only thing it did successfully do for them is getting people to talk about it on blogs and on this show because it's so asinine, but that's not a positive.
That's not going to make anybody go, hey, I want to go purchase that GameStop because they get crap with it.
Again, I'm going to go back to the Costco example.
Costco will bundle in useful things with these systems, like a free game or something.
But not always free.
Sometimes you're paying a little more money for the extra controller.
But you want to go bundles.
Costco's a good place to go.
There are some games out there that are absolute shit that, seriously, they could probably purchase for really, really cheap.
And they could throw that in there.
And that would at least be...
Thank you for watching!
I don't even care.
It could be like Rubber Ducky Hunter 2009.
I'll still do the voice acting because I think that would be awesome.
So, yeah, sounds like it could be an interesting bundle, I guess, for crap lovers.
Nice try there, but I think you're going to need to do something else, too.
Uh-oh, Shermie wants to get out.
Hello.
Hey, Shermie.
Uh-oh, Shermie the cat has been hiding, and I think Shermie wants to get out, but now Shermie's afraid.
Live on air radio, these things happen.
We have cat drama going on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't really have anything else I want to get into right this second.
You got some more stories?
Yeah, sure.
Since we're talking about the Wii, you might not even have to buy a Wii because apparently the emulators for the Wii have been doing a pretty good job themselves.
In fact, the Dolphin emulator, which also does the GameCube games as well, has now gotten some games playable and also coming out in 720 or 1080p.
so they're able to render the games a lot higher so that kind of gives you 16 times anti-aliasing and they also had some other filters that are thrown on top of there but it kind of gives you an impression of what the Wii would look like if they came out with a Wii HD and honestly that kind of has me kind of excited for a Wii HD if they were ever to do that because some of these games don't look bad actually rendered at a higher resolution and granted some of the textures are kind of
I don't know, low res, but Mad World looks sweet.
Super Mario Galaxy looks pretty awesome.
They had some other videos I saw of... Punch-Out looked pretty sweet.
But yeah, there's a whole bunch of these.
And actually, the emulator course is available now, and you can check it out.
Wait, wait, wait.
You can just put the Wii DVDs in your computer and play these games?
Um...
Out there now, yeah.
Nintendo's not worried about this at all?
You need a decent computer to run it.
Granted, your laptop would probably be able to run this pretty well.
But some of the ones that they're showing, I think they're like 4GB processors with 4GB RAM, pretty nice new graphics card and that kind of thing.
Still though, it leaves the door open because if you can emulate this stuff on a PC, why not?
What is Shermie doing?
Shermie's finding other places to hide.
I don't know.
Just go outside, kitty.
You want to say hi to the listeners, Shermie?
No.
No comment.
That's a resounding no.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But yeah, do some searches online for Wii emulators.
There's actually a guy who does reviews of the emulators and the games and how they play in there and stuff like that.
I want to say... Let's see here.
I think it's...
Rainy Barahona is the user on YouTube, R-E-N-E-B-A-R-A-H-O-N-A, and he has a bunch of different videos.
I actually watched the Metroid Prime 3 Corruption one earlier, but he has reviews.
I think he's the one that's doing the reviews on them.
Let me get some comments from chat real quick because GameGuru wants to clarify PCs can't read Nintendo optical discs.
So I was a little crazy there with that comment.
But also tells me that Nintendo could get 720p with a firmware update to use those four unused connections.
I don't know.
I mean, keep in mind, these emulators are running off computer hardware and a Wii is running off the hardware of two GameCubes.
Maybe it can't just simply run this with a firmware update or I would have hoped they would have done it a long time ago.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know either.
Do you think Nintendo should be worried about something like this?
I mean, the fact that their system is being emulated while it is still out there and, some might say, better than the actual system itself?
They should be worried if it's actually... Because there are some minor...
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, I guess.
I would actually like to play a lot more of these things on here and check them out to see what the games look like because Mad World looked really sweet.
It kind of makes me wish they'd ported to the 360 or something.
And all they're doing is they're just smoothing the textures, basically.
Yeah, it's 16 times anti-aliasing.
It's not like anyone's going back to reprogram these things or anything, or any more work went into them or anything like that.
No, not really.
And the reason this was actually... I mean, this is... The Dolphin emulator was for the GameCube, and they just modified it to work with the Wii when the Wii came out, because it's basically GameCube hardware and almost the same type of instruction set.
So...
I don't know.
I mean, it just goes to show you that the Wii is really very similar to a GameCube and kind of wish that they would do a Wii HD because at the same time, here's what they could do with their games.
They could upscale all the games that have come out and they could do some new higher def games or something like that.
Or you can spend the money and just get an upscaler for your home entertainment system and you can just do the same thing with the Wii.
So, I don't know.
Well, apparently there is a new Final Fantasy game on the way, and it looks like this game is being made for the DS.
It was actually teased around there on the internet, and then Famitsu... Actually, no, I'm sorry, it came from Jump Magazine, I believe is the magazine that finally spilled the details on this.
It's Final Fantasy Gaiden.
It's a new kind of Final Fantasy RPG for the DS.
It looks a lot like the Final Fantasy 3 and Final Fantasy 4 remakes that have happened recently, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's apparently, though, now action points.
When you see your status, you also have yellow dots that go with that, and the actions that you want to do also have dots next to it that indicate how much it's going to cost.
So it sounds to me like it's not magic points, but like fighting points.
A little different there.
It's going to be coming out in the fall in Japan.
That would mean probably next year in the U.S.
once they get it all translated.
Sounds right.
There you go.
Lots of fun Final Fantasy stuff.
I was bringing up here real quick.
I wanted to show you Mad World running on the emulator.
You should post this link in chat.
It's actually a pretty good example of how sharp the game looks.
Mad World is all black and white and the line art and stuff like that.
You can see how it looks a little foggy right there.
That's one of the problems with the emulator, at least in this game.
Look at how sharp everything looks.
Awesome.
That is pretty neat.
You should share that in chat if you haven't already.
Chat.OrangeLawnTrader.com That does look pretty nice.
Let's see.
Some other stuff we can talk about here.
We'll probably do one more story and then we'll get into the classic game of the week and part B of our show coming up a little later as well as your phone calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll open up the phones a little later on in the program.
Well, Nintendo might not be too worried about some games at least in this emulator.
Wii Sports Resort in Japan just came out, what, last week?
And already they've sold over 350,000 copies.
I'm actually selling, it's the third fastest selling Wii title ever, and it's moved 353,827 copies as of June 30th, so by now, who knows, but it's going to be selling, I think, pretty well in, who knows, when it hits the US, I know this thing's been selling like hotcakes already, so...
I actually don't think you'll see the impressive day one numbers that you're seeing over in Japan.
I don't think the US audience, especially those that are huge in the Wii, are that as tuned in to when games are coming out.
We're much more tuned in in our culture to when movies are coming out.
You probably know what movies are opening up this week and next week.
I don't think most...
Casual gamers and non-hardcore gamers are as tuned in with the release dates.
So I don't think you'll see this have the same type of day one sales here, but I think you'll see it grow quickly.
Yeah, definitely.
I think a lot of casual gamers obviously probably will be picking this up for Christmas or the holidays.
There's a long period of time.
And look at Mario Kart Wii.
It still sells really well.
Mario Party 8 that stuff sells really well a lot of these games are just evergreen and will sell for the life of the system so I could definitely see this lasting a long time and it probably will end up selling quite a bit and it could also be like Wii Play whereas people bought this they could be buying this for Wii Motion Plus save some money that way and they get a game with it so I could definitely see something like that happening
Yeah, I just don't think, you know, I think when it comes out here, you're going to see, I bet you that first week, oh, it didn't sell nearly as well in the U.S.
as it did in Japan.
Oh my gosh, it's a failure for Nintendo.
Give it a couple months.
Give it a couple months for the hardcore gamers who still love Nintendo to pick it up, and then their friends to see it, and then their friends to see it, and then CNN to do a news story on it, and then Oprah to have it on her show.
Give it some time.
Wrong, wrong.
It will not be Oprah having it on her show.
It'll be Ellen DeGeneres, because she likes it.
Hey, Ellen has a very high-rated show.
Don't hate on Ellen.
I'm not hating on Ellen.
I'm just saying, Oprah's not... She's more tech-retarded as...
I don't know if I should admit that I was watching Oprah, but I was changing the channels and landed on Oprah one day.
This was a couple months ago.
She had Facebook on her show.
Oprah, I guess, has this thing where she rips off The View now, where she actually has a panelist of people on some days of the week.
I don't know.
But she had the dude from Facebook there talking about the business.
And I guess that was the same day that Oprah was launching her own Facebook account or official Facebook or something.
DarkSakura.com
J-Rod says people scream failure if it doesn't sell a million in its first week.
Remember how LittleBigPlanet was a failure?
Yeah, I would actually agree with you that LittleBigPlanet, not only is it one of the best games on PlayStation 3 right now, period, if not the best in some circles, but I think that's still a game that sells fairly well.
I don't know PlayStation 3 figures that well, but that seems to be a consistent seller too.
I don't think it's really tapered off.
Horrifically or anything.
I don't think you can really compare Sony sales figures to Nintendo sales figures.
I think it's horribly underrated and underappreciated and it's going to be one of those games like Katamari was where it's horribly underrated and underappreciated.
and, you know, granted, we all as game fans might appreciate it and understand how awesome it is, but to the casual gamer, they don't understand it.
And, you know, it's sad because I think if you put it in the hands of, like, someone that's more of a casual gamer and they actually played it, they would probably think it's really cool.
But then again, there's some people that are just like, oh my god, controllers, oh, I can't do that.
Although, really, the only, you know, stuff in LittleBigPlanet is run, jump, and occasionally grab.
Yeah, but you have to understand, these are the same people that can't hook up their damn game systems.
It's all color-coded!
True, true.
Yellow the yellow!
I mean, it's matching!
Matching colors!
Can you not understand that?
I guess not.
But some people can't.
Some people can't.
Alright, should we get into the classic game of the week?
I think we shall.
Did you want to say one more thing real quick?
I have one more thing real quick.
Alright, sure.
It's really quick.
Go.
Electroplankton's coming to DSiWare in Japan only.
And, of course, it'll be sold for... Oh, that's a rip-off.
Anyways, it's being... They're breaking up Electroplankton because it was ten different little programs that you can make music with.
They're breaking them all up.
Individually, the 200 Nintendo points each, so $20 total.
Seems kind of a rip-off if you ask me, but I think that's what the game originally sold for.
Yeah, I was going to say, you had to originally buy it.
It was weird.
They didn't even market this game big time.
You had to buy it through Nintendo's site.
You couldn't even get it in stores, remember?
Yeah, and having played Electroplankton, I don't get what the point is.
I mean, it was neat for a second, and then I put it down and it never touches again, so...
I can't recommend buying this, but hey, if you're in Japan and you want to waste some points, there you go.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Classic Game of the Week has been a game that I've wasted countless hours on.
One of my favorite games that's been on every Nintendo system, it would be Mario Kart.
Ah, Super Mario Kart.
Super Mario Kart, yes.
Careful.
I like Mario Kart in general, but Super Mario Kart, the one that started it all on the Super Nintendo, came out in 1992.
Wow, that was a long time ago.
And did quite well.
Sold...
I think 8 million copies worldwide and was the, I think, number two title for the Super NES.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
That must be only behind what, Mario World?
Even though that was the pack-in game?
I think so.
Wow.
Let me see...
What's the number one game?
That's a good question.
Super Mario World.
Of course it was.
I take that back.
It was not number two, it was number three.
But hey, it's close enough.
Donkey Kong Country also had 8 million sales.
I want to point out, GameGuru in chat says Mario Kart wasn't on the NES or Game Boy.
True, but they still called it Super Mario Kart.
The name of this game is Super Mario Kart.
Super Mario Kart was one of those Mode 7 games, and you'd race around on kind of a flat track, but of course you had little blocks and stuff that made the course and everything.
They had a bunch of different theme levels, including...
The Booze Mansion, and... Well, they weren't really a mansion, it was kind of like docks, almost, like this dark place.
But Bowser's Castle, of course, they had the Mushroom Cup, Shell Cup, Flower Cup, Banana Cup, and you had to unlock, you know, each of the...
I didn't get to get gold in those in order to unlock the rest of the cup.
And of course, who could forget the special cup that they had in there with Rainbow Road, which is awesome.
Rainbow Road was sweet.
But the thing that I spent the most time on and...
Vs. Battle Mode
We've wasted so much time doing that, but you'd have different shells.
Of course, the green shell was kind of dumbfire shell that you'd shoot straight ahead.
You've got the red shell, which was kind of a homing missile almost.
Your bananas that you drop behind you to skid out the other player.
Also...
You know, your mushrooms for boosts.
And in the original game, actually, they had the feather that you could get that you could jump, and that would stand you for jumping walls or jumping the shortcuts and stuff like that.
Of course, later on, they had more sequels for the game on practically every Nintendo system.
Actually, on every Nintendo system.
And they even made its debut in the arcade with two arcade games, Mario Kart Arcade GP and GP2.
The first one, of course, I am famous for playing drunk during my bachelor party.
Which by far Orange Lounge Radio's most viewed YouTube clip.
And I don't remember much of it, but I actually did play it later on.
It was alright.
It's not the same.
It doesn't have the same charm.
No, it doesn't.
But, you know, of course, the original Super Mario Kart game had quite a few characters in there.
You know, they had some unlockable characters as well.
But the starting lineup, of course, you had Bowser, Luigi, Mario, Peach, Toad, and Yoshi.
And you could also unlock Donkey Kong Jr.
and Koopa Troopa.
And...
And of course the little trick is you can shrink those down as well and play as little miniature characters which we used to do very often.
And um... Yeah!
So um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Was it really?
It was really the first kart racing game?
Interesting.
I wonder where they got the idea for this.
I wonder if they actually fact-checked that stuff.
That seems awfully weird.
I don't doubt that it's true.
I mean, I can't think of another one that there was.
But it's just kind of interesting.
I mean, I wouldn't have thought of that before.
I don't know.
But yeah, I mean, lots of fun.
And, you know, of course, Mario Kart Wii came out last year.
Still pretty fun.
But, you know, it just doesn't have the charm, I think, of the original Mario Kart game, which is available for virtual console download, I believe, if I remember correctly.
Yeah.
Thanks for watching!
This was my college dorm years, by the way.
Do you know the epic battles we had on this game in my college dorm?
And this was probably about 96 or 97 or so.
I remember when the people upstairs got a Nintendo 64 and got Mario Kart 64.
Oh my god, Mario Kart 64 was just nuts.
I was not as big of a fan of 64 as I was this one, but it was still really fun to play.
And I think I just... This one is kind of one of those, like...
You know, sentimental-type games.
And for the love of God, Nintendo, when you put out a new Mario Kart game, and I know how you like doing classic tracks and stuff, is it gonna really kill you to not, you know, include all of, you know, the old battle courses or something like that?
They always seem to find the ones that, like, nobody played, and let's just, like, bring that one back.
It's...
Super Mario Kart 64
Damn it.
All right.
Well, hopefully soon.
Well, let's go ahead.
We're going to take a break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
When we come back, we've got more news to get into for Part B tonight, and then we're going to take your calls as well, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
So stay tuned, guys, because we will be right back with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, July the 5th of 2009.
Believe it or not, we are halfway through the year.
I can't even believe it.
We are still, of course, taping live as we always do every week at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
If you are listening live, come join us and chat, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
I don't know why we use a separate chat from All Games Radio, but we do.
We just always have, because remember Orange Lounge Radio was its own station.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Anyway, Part B, here we go.
We're going to get to your mailbag and the FUs of the week and release dates.
We've got all sorts of stuff we've still got to cover.
I'm sure, though, Loki has a few more news stories for us.
I have tons of new stories.
And let's talk about a music game, because that's what's awesome.
DJ Hero announced, of course, that they're going to be... I should say Activision announced that DJ Hero would contain Grandmaster Flash.
And not only will he be appearing in the game as himself and among the cast of other DJs that are in the game, but he'll also be contributing two songs, including...
I'm all about DJ Hero.
I think this game looks awesome.
Yes, yes, it looks really sweet.
I'm not surprised that they're including the old, you know, some of the old, some of the famous DJs, kind of like they do in Guitar Hero, right?
You have like Slash shows up and, you know, Buckethead and some of these people, so it's pretty cool.
Yeah, so very cool and, you know, just excited that we're gonna, we're hearing more songs coming out of it.
Um...
What else was I wanting to say about DJ Hero?
It's still going to be expensive, though, of course, is the only kind of downside, but what can you do?
But the thing is, though, it's the only game I'm buying this fall.
Really?
Out of all the stuff coming out this fall?
It's the only game I'm buying this fall.
Because you can't pirate the turntable.
I see how you are.
No, it really deserves my money, but yeah, it's just with kids coming, you know, really.
Honestly, I mean, piracy aside, you know, I'm probably not going to be playing a lot of games in the fall.
We'll be playing the Grand Theft Auto expansion, the new one, but that's for sure.
But really, with kids coming, it's just like...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't know.
I'm just joking.
I don't think she's in the game at all.
There's a long list of other DJs I'd rather see in the game than her.
Fine.
Fine.
I try to make a silly little joke.
I know.
That's what I do.
Have we heard a lot about download content with DJ Hero?
There will be some.
That's about all we know.
Because I know someone actually, for whatever reason today, I visited their website and actually looked at their Twitter and there was someone asking, hey, is there going to be download content?
And they're like, of course there's going to be download content.
But not necessarily regularly, like you see in Rock Band, because Guitar Hero's download content seems to be a bit more sporadic.
Yeah, I would be guessing that it's going to be a bit more sporadic.
Marissa Congusto in our chatroom, chat.org.com, says it could be a pixelated Lohan tweeting naked pics.
That would be true to life, wouldn't it?
A little too true to life.
Alright, what else do you have for us, Loki?
Also, of course, not really something I would utilize and not really something you'd utilize anymore, but Twitter has come to Warcraft.
Thanks to TweetCraft, an in-game client that you can get, you can now Twitter inside the confines of World of Warcraft.
This would actually be cool, believe it or not, if I was like a role player.
I think it would be kind of neat to have a character using a Twitter, like create a character and have them tweet about the things they're doing in World of Warcraft.
And I think that's probably what most people would use it for.
But I just hope it doesn't turn into this whole like...
Oh, I just turned in this quest.
Oh, I just dinged to level 77.
Oh, we're running this instance.
Anyone want to join?
Because we don't really need to fill Twitter up with that garbage.
I hope none of my personal friends are going to use this for that.
But if they're using it to keep all the crack in their vein, like they play World of Warcraft and have Twitter at the same time, I can also understand the need to have that crack all at once.
All they need now is Facebook as well in World of Warcraft if they don't already have it, and then everybody's crack should be set.
According to the screenshot here, it doesn't look like they're using it for roleplay.
In fact, one of the people says, Thank God CNN's finally segwaying from reporting on Michael Jackson still being dead to reporting on what happened to Bubbles the Chimp.
Information we need to know right away.
I'm reading this stuff in chat, which is great.
TigerClaw says, Great, now you can tweet when you're in a WoW raid.
SSJ100Matt says, At Rob, I just got a 4-strength 4-stam leather belt.
That's an All Games Inside joke, I'll have you know.
Frisbee says, Mom, bathroom!
Nice.
Let's just encourage people to not have any human interaction whatsoever by putting Twitter in World of Warcraft.
Exactly.
I'm not going to say I'm glad I left because I'm not vindictive about the reasons I left, but I am comfortable with my decision and that there's many other games to be playing right now.
Although, sorry, I will say this.
I am kind of sad that I feel like some people I don't talk to anymore because I don't play World of Warcraft, which is kind of sad.
I'm like, just call me, dude.
Let's hang out.
Let's do something besides raiding.
Hangout in World of Warcraft?
I know.
No.
And something you may need if you really are living the sedentary lifestyle.
Hopefully I will never need this.
But there is a new DS plug-in that you can use with your DS and DSi because it actually plugs into the DS slot and not the Game Boy Advance slot.
But it is a...
a device called Digit and it's for helping diabetic kids record their sugar levels so that they can see if they're okay.
It helps them test their sugar.
I don't know.
So really you can turn your DS into a diabetic monitor now?
Yeah, it's a sugar glucose reader.
I'm not sure if you can use this like
Well, I'll tell you right now, your insurance ain't going to cover it.
So you're going to be paying for that out of pocket.
But I guess what it is probably, it's like a diabetic monitor.
You know when you're diabetic, you have to track this.
My grandma was diabetic.
You have to track your glucose several times a day.
It depends on how...
There's different stages of diabetes.
It's a very common disease.
Halle Berry has diabetes.
A lot of very famous people have diabetes.
You have to track your sugar levels at several points throughout the day.
You might be what they call insulin dependent, where if your levels are really out of whack, you have to inject yourself with insulin.
This monitor, if they're encouraging kids to use this monitor with their DS, is probably a way to track those levels, but more so for their parents to look at it, I bet.
It's actually kind of a neat use of technology.
I actually think it's kind of a neat use of the DS.
This is a feel-good CNN good news story of the week type thing.
Hey, Nintendo didn't think of it first.
Screw you, Vitality Monitor.
Alpha Catanagram in chat says, Loki, yeah, this looks like Bayer's rebranding of the Glucoboy Independent.
They look the same, so I'm guessing Bayer bought the tech from the guy that made Glucoboy.
Probably.
Possibly.
Who knows?
Frisbee asks in chat, when can I have the Wii Fit glaucoma meter?
I do think it's a pretty neat idea.
Hey, look, you brought up World of Warcraft earlier, and I wanted to talk about this a little bit because I thought this story was very interesting.
Having been in a game that was ruined by gold farming, or in that particular game, gill farming...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know if you're aware, but not really.
That's not really what happened.
Here's what China really banned, was using virtual money for gambling and will be punished by public security authorities, and miners cannot buy virtual money.
Here's what it really comes down to.
Well, A, it's minors, too.
It's not adults.
But also the fact that the real problem, and Richard Heeks, who is a professor at the University of Manchester, kind of breaks it down.
What it really is is using these fake currencies.
One of the big ones is called QQ Coins.
Used to buy real... I know, funny, huh?
Used to... QQ, I don't have any real money.
Using these QQ Coins to pay for virtual game stuff.
Apparently some folks were using them to pay for real things.
and that's what the law is to prevent using virtual currency to buy real products that's what it comes down to and most people are when you do gold farming that's the other way around you're paying real money for virtual items that's still okay it's the other way around that is now illegal which isn't going to impact any of the gold farming industry I'm sorry to say and that makes everyone go QQ exactly because the QQ dollars are still out there that's all I got
That's funny.
Do you think they should ban the real thing?
I don't know if they can.
That's where I'm at.
I'm like, you know what?
Why bother at this point?
It's out there.
It's up to the game makers, I think, to some extent, to stop this shit if they want to.
Really.
If they really wanted to stop this crap, they could, but most don't.
And really, you know, as much as I see, you know, it's not a good thing to buy money...
Thanks for watching!
Plus, it also depends on the game's design.
Like, I don't think gold farming is that big of an epidemic in World of Warcraft.
I know it's out there.
I know it's being done.
But in World of Warcraft, it's not that hard to make money.
They have dailies.
They have ways to make money.
Gold farming is for lazy people.
If people are too lazy to make gold the hard way.
Now, here's the thing.
In Final Fantasy XI, you couldn't make gil that easily.
You could not make gil as easily as you can make money.
And some would argue with me.
You have to camp, like, on a really
and so on.
is that, you know, gill farming was an epidemic and it was killing the game because what would happen is, yeah, what was the only way to make gill?
You camp these notorious monsters that would drop items that would be worth millions of gill.
Well, guess what?
All the gold farmers are out there camping with you and they got good at it.
But WoW doesn't have that as an epidemic.
So...
you know finally years later they changed it in Final Fantasy where the items would bind a certain way you know it just took them too damn long to do it lessons again I hope they have learned moving into Final Fantasy XIV because Final Fantasy XIV has the potential to be amazing
Ramma S in our chatroom, chat.orangehauntry.com Now with Final Fantasy XIV, will they shut down Final Fantasy XI?
Hardly.
No.
Will they have to do server consolidations and things of this sort?
Probably.
Will they lose players?
Probably.
But they'll probably charge more for Final Fantasy XIV.
Not a lot more, but they'll probably charge like $14.95 or $15.95 a month.
Because they could probably get away with it.
I miss Eleven.
I had a lot of fun with it.
I don't have the time for an MMO anyway.
But I'm looking forward to Final Fantasy XIV.
I am definitely looking forward to Final Fantasy XIV.
I'm all over that shit.
I'm not looking forward to it because I won't be able to play it, probably.
Poor thing.
What you can do, come over to my house.
You can play.
Just, you know, tell the wife you're coming over to hang out with Rob.
We're going to watch movies.
I don't want to do that either because babies... Bring the kids.
Get them into it.
No, no, no.
You know...
I... Nellie doesn't want the kids playing video games.
I mean, basically she doesn't want them ignoring homework to play the video games.
Which is fine.
I understand that, because you know what?
I never did that.
I always did my homework, and then, well, I mostly did my homework, and I didn't really play video games.
It wasn't an issue like that, but...
They're gonna play video games
for two hours.
You want to watch cartoons, you want to play video games, whatever the F you want to do on the TV, I wouldn't say that, obviously, but whatever the F, and me explaining it to you, whatever the F you want to do for the TV with two hours, that's yours.
But either A, once your homework gets done first, or B, once your two hours is up, you better be doing your homework.
Or you're going to lose your TV time.
You know, something like that.
That's the kind of system I think you have to do.
Always homework first.
Yes.
Okay, let's talk a little bit about...
Wait, can I say, can I say, because this is obviously a sparked discussion in our chat room, I have to read this at chat.orangelunchradio.com.
First off, about Final Fantasy XI and Final Fantasy XIV, SJ100Matt says they still, they said they will continue to release expansion for Final Fantasy XI, and especially now that they're doing the download expansions now, like there's the MOG, the coup d'etat, or whatever they call it, the
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Also, some comments on the babies.
TigerClaw says, they're going to play video games while parents are asleep.
That's true.
If the TV is in the kids' room with the console, they're going to play the video games while you sleep.
TV's not going to be in the kids' room.
GS68 says, from kindergarten through third grade, my parents would only let me play video games on weekends.
And I'm thinking, you know, the kids can play not the new console games.
They've got to play the old stuff, because the old stuff is more family-friendly, you know, whereas the new stuff, you know, no playing Grand Theft Auto.
Although,
Although with Grand Theft Auto, I know enough about hacking it that I could probably take out the blood and stuff.
Marissa Congusto in chat says, My dad had a really good parenting strategy so I couldn't play too many video games.
He played them so I couldn't.
That's more like it.
You should suggest that to the wife.
I'm only playing video games so the kids can do their homework.
I'm doing you a favor.
Now cook dinner.
She doesn't cook.
I cook dinner.
Uh, tech thing that they, I guess, registered a patent for that's gonna utilize what looks like a giant square-shaped U thing, almost like a...
The U-Force, you know, kind of scary enough, but apparently you would use this device in your hands.
I guess to replace the Cosmic Ice Cream Cone thing, but you would use it, I guess, like a baseball bat or golf club or sword, whatever.
That thing's going to get broken.
That thing looks retarded, if you ask me.
Well, maybe it was just patented.
That doesn't necessarily mean they're going to use it.
I don't know.
I just...
Giant U of Death.
Alpha Catanagram is saying that's just a random object, not a controller.
That the U is supposed to represent some type of object the person has in their home.
And that's what I had thought I had read is something about that you can use this thing is supposed to be like so any object can be used in the game.
Which is kind of similar.
Isn't that similar to what Natal was saying too?
Yeah.
It's going to be able to scan like the kid's skateboard in a little preview.
Okay, well that, yeah.
So something similar here, right?
That'll work as well as they show.
But yeah.
That's neat.
I don't like the idea of swinging around something that even resembles a baseball bat in my house.
Unless it's a Nerf bat.
Even then.
Couldn't you just roll up a piece of paper and tell the game it's a bat?
It would work, right?
Roll up a newspaper?
Thunk.
Couldn't I hold up the cat and say it's a baseball bat?
Meow.
How long is it gonna take before someone tries to use their penis on this?
It's gonna happen.
That's the age-old question about new peripherals.
How long before a penis is used with it?
How long?
Try 30 seconds.
That's the length of time to unzip the pants and undo the belt buckle.
Scan this!
Oh my god.
Alright.
Hey, look.
We got some emails we gotta read.
So let's get to the mailbag.
How's that sound?
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com is where you send your emails every week and we read some of our favorites here on the show.
That's exactly what I'm gonna do right now.
Since DarkSakura's not here tonight, I will read them.
If you can scan objects to be used as guns, you can have your own laser cat.
Yes, whatever happened to laser cat the video game?
You think with community games we would have this now?
I'm surprised we don't.
Sorry, I had the music blurring that whole time.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com if you want to send us an email.
First email to us tonight comes from Rick.
And Rick sent us an email and the subject is Nintendo Divorce Notice.
Thank you for watching!
And then the Wii came along and life was good again.
We had such good times together with Zelda, Metroid, and Mario, but there was something wrong, something nagging in the back of my mind.
Could it be all the shovelware that was becoming more and more common?
Could it be all the ported games with Waggle attached for no fucking reason?
Could it be last year's E3?
Could it be all the party games?
What's next?
Motion Control?
Yaris?
you let me down yet again
Why should I stay?
What can you offer me as a reason to hang around?
Why shouldn't I just go and sell my Wii and put the money towards a PlayStation 3?
More Mario Galaxy?
You lazy bastards.
That's just fat you trimmed from Galaxy 1.
Mario multiplayer?
Ported from the DS.
Zelda?
A painting?
A frickin' poster?
And they said the Zelda game actually is not going to be very different than the first one, which means it's going to be written on the same engine.
I'm reading this poor man's pleas to the divorce court.
A statement about no sword?
That's it?
Get fucked!
Kid Ikea RS
Oh, it's there.
It's coming.
News flash.
We don't care anymore.
At the end of the day, I'm going to be a dad soon, and my time will be a precious commodity.
I need to know that you are taking things seriously.
If not, I'm walking to the nearest Sony store.
It's so sad.
You used to try so hard and produce such wonderful gaming experiences.
You were top of the pile.
Now you're more bothered about coming on to my grandmother and small children.
You disgust me, Nintendo.
Regards, Rick.
P.S.
I get custody of the Nintendog.
Well, we will see how that holds up in divorce court with Judge... Who is it in divorce court?
Judge Mabel?
I think it's Judge Mabel.
Of course, if he's in the UK, he's not even going to get that joke, so forget it.
Alright.
That was a well-written divorce letter, and I can't say I... It's tough.
It's tough being a hardcore gaming fan and watching what's going on with the Wii, but at the same time, I think he summed it up right at the end.
They're more interested in hitting on your grandmother and little children, and they're doing a good job of it.
You can't deny that.
But
We're just not the bread and butter for Nintendo anymore.
Maybe Nintendo felt they already lost us between the 64 and the GameCube.
I don't know.
Well, wait not to try.
But my thought is a lot of us were children or at least younger when those systems were out.
I mean, wouldn't you?
I don't know.
The problem is they're kind of catering to stupid people, but they think that people like
Oh my god, games are so hard, I can't play them.
Well, you give it to a kid, he's going to figure it out.
I mean, I was a kid, I figured out how to play video games.
I may not have been good at it at first, but it took time.
I had to practice, get better.
And nowadays, I think kids should do the same thing.
Because if they're just immediately great at it, then good.
It gives them a self-esteem boost, but they still suck.
It's just the game is really easy.
Now I'm looking in chat and some folks want the emailer to understand about Metroid Other M. They neglected in their whole little statement there.
But J-Rod offered up this interesting retort.
I can think of at least three games from both Sony and Microsoft from E3 that I want on day one.
Nintendo had one game during a two hour conference.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This is a very serious turtle.
We need to take this very seriously.
Guys, a couple months ago I discovered Podcast Alley and thus your show.
I forgot we were listed on Podcast Alley.
That's an old school podcasting list.
Exactly.
Oh my lucky stars.
I've been needing a show like this my whole life.
I don't have any friends who are hardcore gamers like me so when I heard your show it was fantastic to hear people like me who talked about the things I care about.
Thanks for all the time you invest in this show and tell Loki to stop yelling the turtle.
Sorry.
I have a problem.
Look, this serious turtle has a serious issue with you, Loki, and that is that you yell too damn much.
I gotta talk to you about something.
This is great.
Oh, no.
This is gonna totally go on a tangent, but it's funny.
Fine.
So, apparently earlier this week, Nelly was convinced that I had Asperger's Syndrome.
Isn't that kind of like... It's like autism.
Okay, so your wife thinks you're autistic, yes.
Yes, because apparently people stricken with Asperger's, they have the tendency to be very focused on certain things or whatever.
Basically, I piss her off a lot by like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
This show just isn't enough, Loki.
I do this at work.
You've spent at least seven years of your life getting the gaming knowledge out there.
In a way, this radio station is perfect for you.
I don't think it's as perfect.
Go to a doctor and...
No, no, there's no, there's nothing that has to do with that because it's actually, you're very socially, you know, unable to cope with everything, basically.
You can't, you can't function in society.
We're not medical professionals, we're not even going to try and get into it, but it's, you know.
It was funny because there's a lot of symptoms on there and they're like the different work fields that would be perfect for you.
Okay, but look, you go into WebMD, like, and you tell WebMD you have certain symptoms.
I've got this and this and this and this.
Every time it tells you, cancer.
Every time you go in there and you're like, oh, I've got a rash on my ass and it kind of, you know, it flames a little.
Oh, you have ass cancer.
You know, like.
Or like, or yeah.
You're all yes or no, it's not the tumor.
Anyway, sorry to get off on a tangent there.
I just thought it was funny.
Alright.
Next email.
Yes, please, next email.
Stop trying to talk about things you know nothing about.
Alright.
This comes to us from Deathwishing.
I feel like I have not been involved in your shows for a long time.
Have I missed a lot?
Yes.
Anyways, now to get on with some email material.
Have you guys ever heard of a game called Urban Terror?
Well, if you have not, then there is no reason to not try the game because, well, it's absolutely free.
It was originally a Quake 3 mod and then went into its own standalone game.
I cannot describe how it plays, but I guess it's a mix, I think a combination of Counter-Strike and Quake, hence it being a Quake 3 mod.
Well, let's hope I don't miss the cast again.
I've never heard of this.
Urban Terror?
The only thing I've heard of, there was a Urban Chaos or something like that game that was from Eidos or something that really sucked.
But that sounds kind of neat.
Email number four from Shook.
Hi everyone, I've been following this show for about three months and I can honestly say that this is the best video game related show I've ever listened to.
Why thank you.
I encourage you guys to keep doing this show and if you're reading this on the 7th anniversary, I wish to congratulate you on the feat.
Well, you're a week late, but that's probably my fault because the 7th anniversary show still hasn't hit the feat.
But thank you nonetheless, 7th anniversary or not.
We'll say that's a pre-grats for our 8th anniversary.
Yeah, there you go.
Last email tonight from the one and only Spazinator.
Hi everyone, I thought I'd write this email for tonight's show mainly to share a tidbit of info.
By the looks of things, Sony will be doing three things more or less in tandem this summer.
Rolling out the long rumored PS3 Slim, drop the price of the PS3 by an unknown amount, and release firmware 3.0 which by most accounts will be a fairly big overhaul.
So I'm reading this email because we've addressed some of this but we didn't really talk about new firmware.
Most sources agree that Firmware 3.0 has certain features on it similar to what Xbox Live has, reputation and griefing procedures, as well as finally being able to download game updates in the background.
Where there is still some debate as to whether or not Firmware 3.0 will also incorporate the recently uncovered patented PS2 emulator that will supposedly work on all PS3s.
My suspicions are that the emulator will indeed be coming, most likely in Firmware 3.0, or at least in the next major firmware update after that.
My reasoning is this.
There is no reason for any company, Sony or any other one, to patent anything unless they see a way to make money off of it, directly or indirectly.
Seeing as the PlayStation 3 sales have been lagging behind the Wii's and the 360's, hell, even the PS2's, these moves that I have mentioned should, in theory, bolster sales, which is ultimately what Sony and some third-party developers want.
Ultimately, this is all just hearsay, educated guessing on my part until we see here something official.
However, given my track record in as far as relaying info, it's subsequently being true.
See a prior story I relayed regarding Capcom releasing games on PSN.
Odds are this will be proven true as well.
Well, that's a bit of a...
and it also makes sense too because if you think about it it kind of eases them into digital distribution with PS3 games because you have the PS2 games coming out now and I'm assuming those are going to be at a higher price point than the PlayStation 1 games were you know for the most part I would assume that they're going to be maybe around you know
15 to... I would say even 15 to like $30.
Maybe $15.25-ish.
And if that does well, then of course that means, hey, let's release some PlayStation 3 games for more money as well and see if we can get away with selling those.
So...
I'm pretty sure we'll probably see this stuff later this year.
Well, thanks for taking this email.
It's appreciated, and keep up the excellent work.
This email was brought to you by Loki's tingle costume, which kindly asks him to wear it.
Lol.
Thus ends the email bag tonight.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
If you have an email you want to send us in a future week.
Sorry, no tingle costume.
I do believe that you are about 800,000 copies shy.
In other words, he hasn't even made the costume yet.
You're going to have to get to like 50,000 shorts.
It's never going to happen.
They've stopped making the game.
It's done.
It's not going to happen.
It's a done deal.
Now all of you should be focusing on a new bet.
You can get Loki to take it.
And no, I am not making any bets on the PSP Go.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what that's going to do because there are a lot of... To be honest, I have a problem with people buying the iPhone because I think it's retarded, but there are people out there that like to spend a lot of money on stuff that's kind of...
You guys are going to have to think really hard.
And also, Frisbee brings up a good point.
Sackboy costume was better anyway.
Let's not forget Loki did dress up as Sackboy, which was pretty cool.
Exactly.
I have the head now in my garage.
I know, it scared the hell out of me when I first saw it.
Alright, some more news, then we'll get into some release dates and the FUs of the week as well.
Let's see here.
So let's talk a little bit about Xbox 360.
Last time they've got some information on that and how it will be integrated into the new Xbox experience.
apparently Last.fm is going to be free for gold subscribers however if you are a silver member you do get to use 3 hours per month and if you're a I guess you'll have to shell out I guess another $36 a year if you're a silver member and just want to use Last.fm which you might as well buy a fucking gold subscription at that point yeah
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
My thought is, this isn't... Now, my hope was that I'd be able to use Last.fm as my in-game music, but that's not really what they're going for, is it?
This is just going to be like a cable channel or something.
I guess, yeah.
Kind of like the cable music channel.
Instant Party just added Last.fm or something.
I don't know.
Like, I have yet to really hear, what is this used for?
I don't know.
I hope you can use it as in-game music, because that would be pretty cool.
That would be pretty cool.
That's what I was hoping for.
I was actually trying out the custom soundtracks with Fuel the other day.
Oh, me too.
Funny.
And...
Fuel doesn't have the greatest soundtrack.
It really doesn't.
It's got what I like to call sight truck syndrome, where you add new music to it and it instantly makes the game better.
I don't know.
It's alright.
See, I've never used Last.fm on PC, so I don't really know if it's something that I'd be really excited about, to be honest.
I mean, I like listening to new music and discovering new artists and stuff, but I don't think they have as eclectic taste as I would have, you know.
I don't know.
I guess I'll check it out because I am a gold member.
It's too bad it's not Live 365 instead of Last.fm.
I know, right?
I'm saying something nice about Live 365.
But seriously, we might almost consider going back if they could have that on Xbox Marketplace.
Hey, how about we do Shoutcast?
I know.
There you go.
How about Shoutcast?
Exactly.
Then you can have all games radio on there, which would include us, of course, and all the other great stations that come with Shoutcast.
But I don't know.
Maybe... And IRC.
Let's add IRC in there, too.
You won't need a PC.
You can just do it through the 360.
Exactly.
That's why I would love to have this show.
You can already hear it on your PSP, which is cool, but that's like one system out of a lot.
I guess that's one nice thing I could say about the PSP.
By the way, we wouldn't really go back to Life 365 chat.
Don't panic.
We're not really going to do that.
Besides, you know what's funny?
Is that since the show has actually kind of grown a little bit in numbers since we kind of combined with Bobby and we have some of the holdovers from his show and I know he gets a boost from us, I don't think we could do the show on Life 365 anymore without being a professional station.
We have too many people.
Which is a nice compliment, certainly, to the listeners and the fact that the show has grown and we're very thankful for that.
We actually could not afford to do this show on Life 365 anymore.
So, don't worry.
That's not happening.
I was just making a bad joke.
Sheesh.
Um, so what's kind of surprising is, um, to go off completely off topic from that, uh, Blizzard apparently is not going to be including, um, land support, of course, with, um,
StarCraft 2 Land Parties Land Party Centers
Well, I mean, they still have play over their Battle.net stuff, but I mean, it's not the same.
So you can still have a LAN party, it's just that you're all going to have to have an internet connection.
Yeah.
Which, in this Wi-Fi day and age, shouldn't be that difficult, but still, it is kind of crappy still.
I mean, if you think about it, there is more lag, I think, involved with that, because you're not just playing off of a local network, but...
I don't know, that kind of sucks.
But basically, Blizzard's responding to the whole removal of it because everyone was pissed off.
We don't currently plan to support land play in StarCraft 2 as we are building Battle.net to be the ideal destination for multiplayer gaming with StarCraft 2 and future Blizzard Entertainment Games.
While this was a difficult decision for us, we felt that moving away from land play and directing players to our upgraded Battle.net service was the best option to ensure that
A quality multiplayer experience with StarCraft 2 and safeguard against piracy.
SG100Mad in chat says, Hell, I'm having a party next week and we intend on playing Mass StarCraft via LAN.
Here's the thing, though.
It's not like you can't still get everyone in a room together and play this game together.
You just have to do it on the internet, which I know kind of sucks because it's different.
And they want to do that so that it validates your copy.
Exactly.
It's piracy.
Yeah, they're trying to curb piracy.
And someone's going to create a client that's going to act like Battle.net that you'll connect to that and you'll be able to play LAN with.
And guess who will be doing that?
The pirates because they'll figure out a way around this.
I kind of agree.
Blizzard ought to know better than this.
They're going to take it out and someone's going to find a way to put it back in.
You know what I mean?
They might as well just put it in there and just encourage people to buy the game legitimately.
Have one computer on the land sneak onto the internet and see if the other copies are validated.
Certainly there's a way this could be done.
Certainly, like, if one computer, like, creeps onto the internet, Battle.net could somehow kind of tell.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just crazy.
And, of course, you know, everyone's pissed off, and what happens when people get pissed off?
They start a petition.
And so they have a petition created, um...
Thanks for watching!
because we did next question no they'll say blah blah blah well we think the marketplace is shifting and we just wanted to encourage folks to use Battle.net so that they could track their achievements and everything is statistic based and if we do the land then we can't have that you're going to get some talk around answer just wait yeah just wait
um let's talk a little bit about the Dreamcast yes Dreamcast is of course getting yet another game and much like the other you know new games for the Dreamcast that have been coming out recently is another shmup game uh the brand new 2D um shoot em up game named Dux D-U-X and it's actually um being sold I guess um right now for $27.90 um
I'm not sure if it's going to be a disc-based game or not.
I guess it could be, since, you know, Dreamcast can pretty much read any sort of burned disc.
And apparently, I guess, they have another game that's also coming out as well, the company Hucast, and it's... I guess the title is Last Hope Pink Bullets, which I guess was co-developed by The Shins.
Hmm.
Which...
I've not heard of any of these things apparently that's actually like the shins like the band the shins huh interesting incredibly but yeah I mean it's still nice to see I guess games coming out for the Dreamcast pretty cool alright well you know what guys I think it's time to get into the FUs of the week we wouldn't want to forget it this week so we gotta get into the FUs of the week and of course the story that inspires our angst this week
DarkSakura.com
So they stole this thing from the neighbor and then the parents, or the mom, I shouldn't say parents, the mom helped them sell it off at a local pawn shop.
It was being reported by WFTB in Orlando.
The Maxine Law will probably be charged with dealing in stolen property and contributing to the delinquency of minors.
You should know better, you stupid.
That makes me angry.
Loki, FU's the week.
I guess FU to not having enough time to play games and being broke, more or less.
I don't really have a lot of FUs this week.
I'm generally feeling pretty good, so I guess I would just also give an FU to not having enough hours in the day to play video games and FU to Facebook games for being so stupidly addicting.
All right.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
We got release dates to get to, too.
We'll get to those in a little bit after another couple stories.
Let's talk about some free games.
Yay, free!
Yes, free is good.
And these are actually some pretty good free games.
Both happen to be fighting games.
The first one is a game called Vanguard Princess.
And I guess it's a 2D freeware fighter game developed by...
Thanks for watching!
www.vector.co.jp
DarkPresence is a digitized fighting game very similar to the old Mortal Kombat games.
So like Street Fighter, the movie, the game, where they actually captured the faces of people?
They're making a new game like this?
Yes.
That is freaking awesome.
And actually, I take that back.
This is not a free game, but apparently...
It's a new arcade game, isn't it?
Crappy, if it's an arcade game, I don't know.
Well, I was reading something about it's got more animation, I guess, than any game like it has ever existed, so it's supposed to be a smoother looking game than the Mortal Kombat games were, which I would hope, being that it's been many years, the technology hopefully has gotten a little better.
To me, it looks like one of those cheesy games that you would see in a movie or something like that when they're trying to create a game in the movie that's supposed to represent a Mortal Kombat type-ish game, something really low budget.
But hey, whatever.
If it comes out and turns out to be cool, hey, Mortal Kombat at the time, I think it looks sort of cheesy on a certain level, so more power to him.
Alright.
Let's get into the release dates, shall we?
We're going to travel around the world now and talk about what is coming out around the world.
We're going to start tonight with Japan since those are the release dates I have up right now.
Coming out in Japan on July the 9th, Major League Baseball 2009 comes to the Xbox 360 as well as WWE Legends of WrestleMania also making its way to the 360 this coming week on July the 9th.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Siren gets a price drop into PlayStation 3's best series, as well as WWE Legends of WrestleMania also comes out on July the 9th.
Moving on to some other systems, we have on the Nintendo Wii, I believe, is next.
Nothing really coming out this week in Japan.
The next big release, Dragon Ball game coming out July 23rd, but it's a little quiet for Wii games right now, which is a little strange.
Usually they're still pretty busy.
Major League Baseball 2009 also makes its way to the PlayStation 2 this week.
Kind of not surprised, though, that a baseball release would be kind of the big thing in Japan this week.
You get some new peripherals for the DS, some Disney character headphones coming out.
But otherwise, there's really not a lot of new games coming out, but there is a price drop coming out on Hamster 2 Kuroso comes out.
I'm sorry, it doesn't come out.
It gets a price drop this week, which is this happy hamster-looking game.
This looks like Nintendogs, but it's hamsters.
They do look very cute, though.
Aww.
No sign of Richard Gere in the game, by the way.
And then let's see on the PSP.
Bleach gets a price reduction.
Heat the Soul 5.
Another port of Major League Baseball 2009 this week.
And, yeah, looks like this is a big week for baseball in Japan, but otherwise, nothing else to really note.
How about the US?
US, there isn't really a lot of stuff coming out this week.
Pretty much your big release is going to be the Bigs 2, which is coming out on PlayStation 2, PS3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, and I believe the PSP.
Also this week, we've got, looks like, oh, the, this is a crappy game here.
Huh.
Huh.
I didn't see that on there.
Uh, Birthday Party Bash on the Wii, which, you know, apparently it's a birthday party kit in a box.
I don't know if you're a mom, maybe that might be interesting for you.
Throw little birthday parties for your kids.
Um,
Also this week we've got a port of a game that came out in the UK, Sid the Dummy, which is a Crash Dummy game, something that would have probably been popular like 20 years ago.
Coming out on PSP, PS2, and the Wii.
A re-release of Bioshock and Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, kind of combined together in the bundle for PC and Xbox 360.
The packaged version of Arma 2 coming out on PC, which is supposed to be pretty sweet.
Memento Mori on PC and then coming out on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network this week Battlefield 1943 also on WiiWare this week and PC the first chapter of the new Tales of Monkey Island series Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 1 Launch of the Screaming Narwhal which sounds pretty cool and um
Also, I believe Trine is supposed to be coming out on PS3 as well.
Or on the PlayStation Network this week as well.
So not really a huge, huge week?
No, not really.
Next week... I mean, July is really slow for game releases.
I think next week we've got NCAA Football 2010.
So if you're into college football, that would be good for you.
But really not a lot of big stuff.
I think at the end of the month, of course, King of Fire is 12.
So that would be cool.
This time of year is usually a little slow, isn't it?
It's always slow this time of year
There you go.
A couple more stories, then we'll open up the Skype line for you guys at 1-877-GAME-OLR to take your calls tonight on anything you want to talk about.
Apparently, according to Sesame Street, video games are okay.
According to Sesame Street.
So as opposed to according to Joystick or Destructoid or Kotaku or one of the big game blogs this week, it's according to Sesame Street...
Yes, apparently.
I see.
Let's see.
Apparently, Game Changer, a report issued by Joan Gans Clooney Center from the Sesame Workshop, basically says that governments, the healthcare industry, and schools should be spending less time hating on video games and their negative efforts.
negative effects and said be conducting research on their positive effects on kids the report says that games not only can be educational but in this day and age active as well meaning they can be used everywhere from a history classroom to a PE class and of course you know they're also saying the Joan Ganz Clooney Center is to foster innovation and children's learning through digital media so that's their kind of did you hear that Jack Voldemort you listening
and yeah, that's kind of neat.
I hope we get a song about it that Elmo sings.
Video games are A-OK.
Just do your homework then you can play.
Hopefully Elmo will never have to explain to children what teabagging is in Halo.
There's some contest there in there that I want to do about who can write the best Sesame Street song for something obscene in gaming.
Nice.
Oh my gosh.
Gold Anthro in chat says, Another reason that Sesame Street is awesome.
First the death episode and now video games.
Kind of talking about something we talked about last week.
Hey, by the way, speaking of media, I don't know if you guys heard about this, but apparently they want to make a movie out of Asteroids.
Stop!
The old-ass fucking game from 1979 that many of you know from the Atari 2600, Asteroids.
Universal has somehow gotten the rights to make Asteroids.
Matthew Lopez is writing the script.
It's being produced by Lorenzo de Bonaventura, who I know produced some other stuff.
This is the weird thing.
Apparently...
Universal is making a lot of movies of some weird shit right now.
They have the rights to some Hasbro games like Battleship and Candyland are supposed to be coming movies as well.
Yeah, they picked up a lot of Hasbro stuff.
Oh, you know where I've heard Lorenzo de Bonaventura before?
He's producing that G.I.
Joe movie that's coming out next month.
That's a pretty big movie.
So it's not like these are no-name people behind this.
Well, it's a pretty big movie, but it's also going to be a pretty big flop.
You think so, huh?
But then again, Transformers has a lot of horrible things going for it, and it still did very well.
So who knows?
Hmm.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Where is the movie in the game?
I think it's not even going to have a damn thing to do with the game.
It's going to be a space movie called Asteroids.
Whoop-de-doo.
Oh my god, I shot the asteroid and it turned into two smaller asteroids.
Oh no.
Quick, shoot the UFO for bonus points.
It should be funnier for the space invaders.
TigerClaw on chat says there's already an Asteroids movie.
It's called Armageddon.
Armageddon is actually like 10 years old now, believe it or not.
It's kind of an old movie now.
It's time for an update.
Blow up the asteroid to make it multiple asteroids.
I guess that's true.
Please no dancing animal crackers in the Asteroids movie.
Please.
No Ben Affleck.
Thank you very much.
How many more stories do we have?
Maybe one more for the Skype line?
Two more?
I don't know.
Let's do one more.
Then we'll open up the Skype line if you want to fill time with other stories we can.
Okay, let's see.
Well, I'm not really sad about this, but apparently Neterozy is being shut down.
Sony is pulling the plug on the PlayStation 1 development community.
They're going to still keep all the libraries and stuff online, but I guess it's officially shut down.
But honestly...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio, who's this?
It's the guy on the east coast with the fastest trigger, Ranma Hi Ranma, how are you doing?
I'm pretty good, pretty good.
What cons did you go to this week?
As I said to Tiger Claw, I didn't go to any conventions this week.
I only do the ones that are on the East Coast.
I see.
And, of course, Anime Expo is the big deal on the West Coast this week.
Which, by the way, I should say something about this.
Our staffer, DJ Tyrant, Jimmy, who used to host a show on our old network with DMN.
It's Brest Lowell now.
They used to host a show together called STFU.
He writes for our website once in a while now.
AX is not a con, it's a trade show
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So it's not fan produced.
Pretty much.
That's why Fanime always kind of puts that big fan.
They really sell their thing on fan made, fan produced for the past so many years.
Yeah, most cons I've gone to, especially ones I've staffed, are mostly fan based.
Cool.
Well, that's cool.
Yeah.
Sorry, I would say all the good cons are fan based, but E3 is pretty awesome for a trade show.
So trade shows aren't all bad.
Anyway, sorry.
Oh, no.
Go ahead, what else did you want to call in about tonight?
But people bought it because the name IBM was on it.
But the only difference was, at the time, IBM made a good quality product.
Sony, not so much.
Sony is not Apple.
They need to realize that.
Apple can get away with that.
Sony can't.
I know because I don't know if you ever noticed if you ever pick up like the Best Buy flyers or when Circuit City was still around in their flyers they're always pushing the PS3s with the Sony televisions if you bought the Sony TV and the PS3 $200 instant savings or if you bought that with Rock Band or Guitar Hero World Tour you save $300 off the complete bundle it's gotten to the point where
Sony cannot sell the PS3 anymore.
In order for them to push them out, they gotta bundle it with something, you know?
I'm reading some interesting comments from chatroom chat.orangelaunchery.com Jrod in chat says I plan on buying a PSP Go on day one that thing looks pimp as hell don't get me wrong, I think the PSP Go looks pretty cool, but since I already have a PSP, there's just not enough in it for me, I don't know, I'm not feeling it for 200, I would be all over that fucking thing if it was like 150 even even 150, same price as the current PSP, I would be all over it but it's that 250 it's, ah, I can't do it, I'm sorry
Anyway.
I don't blame you.
Seriously, I don't.
Yeah, but you're a Sony hater.
No, I'm just kidding.
No, I just speak the truth.
You know that.
Alright, look.
Anything else before I let you go and get some more callers?
Two quick things.
Number one, if the Wii wasn't all about motion control, it would have a shit ton of shovelware games on it.
And as for StarCraft 2, you don't need... It does have a shit ton of shovelware games on it.
Where have you been?
And what was the other thing?
I'm all about StarCraft 2 not needing LAN support.
It doesn't cost that much to put in an internet connection, a router, and a 24-port switch to get everybody up and running together.
Do you think it's really going to have that same feeling, though?
Well, if they do it where you log in via the application, it shouldn't be that much of an issue.
Because you'll probably have the same lag time as if you're in the same room, you know?
It all depends on who's hosting and all that crap, you know?
I guess.
True, true.
Alright, well thanks for your thoughts, Ranma.
And good luck.
Later.
Jrod, I wanted to clarify what he was saying earlier.
He says, I don't own a PSP, so that's why it's probably so attractive to me.
Yeah, I'd probably be a little more about the PSP if I didn't already own one.
But still, $250?
I don't know.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello?
Hello?
Hi, who's this?
Hi, who is this?
Is this Marissa?
Hi, what's on your mind, Marissa?
Well, things are good.
I just had to say a belated congrats for last week.
I wasn't able to listen in, although I heard it was a good show.
It was a pretty good show.
It sadly hasn't hit the podcast feed because I'm a lazy son of a bitch, but it will be hitting it very soon, and you guys can hear it was a little bit of a throwback to the old days.
It was cool.
Yeah, you know, as far as my own gaming week, this Fourth of July weekend consisted of watching Chris play Call of Duty.
And how was that?
Is it fun to watch his play?
All the sounds of murder just make me tired.
So yeah, I've actually distracted myself with that old, you know, you're talking about people doing
Making games for Dreamcast and whatnot and old systems I distracted myself with that old adventure game engine And was playing that Alien Rape game Oh yeah, the one you linked me to That looked kind of freaky deaky But tell us a little bit about this game Yeah, actually I didn't get into it But I thought it was hilarious Like Alien Rape Escape or something Because you know me, I love all the old adventure games How do you feel about the new Monkey Island game coming out?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I'm still obsessing over the announcement that we made that a new feast is going to come out.
But I have this praying every night that Eidos doesn't fuck it up.
Isn't that how it always goes with old franchises, though?
When they announce that there's a new one coming out, you just pray that they're not going to fuck it up?
Yeah, well, I guess the thing is, when I first took over for Looking Glass, although I actually liked the platform game, the Xbox game, Deadly Shadows, most of the purists didn't like it.
And it started out kind of lame because they called it Thief with a 4 instead of the I or something.
It's sort of lame like that.
So it's like Thor for something now.
I don't know how to pronounce it, but I guess it's just a working title.
Indeed.
Well, Marissa, you need to come visit us soon and come be on the show again.
I'm hoping that'll happen.
And you have anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight before we get to some more calls?
Nothing that wouldn't be so blindly silly.
So have a good night, and hopefully I'll be seeing you soon, and you need to call so-and-so.
All right.
Will do, honey.
Hi, this is Spazinator Hi Spazinator, what's on your mind tonight?
Two things which are kind of interrelated to some degree.
Go ahead.
I was thinking about the comment you were making about someone's making an Asteroids movie.
Yes.
My question is, how the hell do you make a movie on Asteroids?
There's like no narrative there.
I mean, I can see a movie being made of like
Uncharted or Metal Gear Solid there's a narrative there but easy the same way the same way dude they're making movies out of Battleship and Candyland they are movies in name only or Pirates of the Caribbean there was really no plot to it you know in the ride but they managed to make three movies and they actually were pretty good now Asteroid could be something similar where they just make up characters and then now those characters are associated with that franchise so
and maybe that's what they want to do maybe it's a type of agreement where if they do a good movie then they can re-release the asteroid game with the characters in it just like they ended up going back and putting the characters in the ride or more importantly had huge amounts of merchandising with the Pirates of the Caribbean movies Jack Sparrow figures still sell like crazy and you see tons of them at Halloween he's a universally loved character I guess that's a good point I didn't even think about if they do write the movie well enough
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Sometimes, it's nice to have a very thin narrative, but I wouldn't, you know, my expectations for this movie are not going to be, I guess, that high because of the fact there's no narrative to base it off of, if that makes sense.
I don't know.
Well, it could very well be good, you know, for all I know.
Obviously, I haven't seen it, so I can't be sure, but, you know, I'm going to be a little skeptical, you know, to say the least.
Well, we should be skeptical.
It's $10.25 of our money we're going to be spending on the movies.
Anyway, what was the other thing you wanted to mention tonight?
Yeah, I forgot to mention it in my email because I can't really mention it or wrote it, but I happened to notice earlier this week that on the PlayStation Network store, they always have the video side, they got a reasonably new, or new for the store,
Enemy series that may be appealing to some of the listeners out there.
It's the Devil May Cry series.
And, well, I bought the first episode to try it out, and from what I'm seeing, it looks pretty good.
I don't know about the entire series as a whole, but just based on the first episode, it looks pretty good, so...
I don't know if any of the listeners want to check it out, or you guys, but at least the first ones are worth checking out.
Yeah, that's cool.
I think I mentioned in a previous email going back several weeks ago that I had recommended the Burst Angel anime series.
I happen to have all 24 episodes and at least that series is very good.
It's kind of hard to describe.
It's like a cross between certain elements of X-Files and
A little bit of Charlie's Angels mixed in.
Ah, Charlie's Angels.
Yeah, it's kind of odd, but in a good way.
Definitely worth checking out.
Is that available on Sony's Marketplace?
Yeah, it is.
It's put up, I think, I can't remember the name of the developer, but
It's not Funimation, that's for sure, but it's pretty good.
Alright, I will definitely have to check that out on the marketplace at some point.
But thank you so much for the call, Spazinator.
You have a good one.
We've got to get some more calls.
But you take care.
Yep, you too.
Later.
1-877-GAME-OLR or use name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to give us a call, take maybe one more call tonight.
I don't know if Loki has any other stories he wants to get out there before we take our last call.
Let's see here.
We got a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is X-Link.
Hi, X-Link.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, I have a quick question for you guys.
How can a developer bring out a PC version of a game that's really great and really good but yet have so many buggy and radical issues it's not even funny to even start to mention how many stuff there is wrong with the game?
Are you saying it's a PC game that came out?
Yeah, Ghostbusters, a video game.
The PC version is absolutely horrid.
It is not, I mean, there's so many complaints from so many people, they're not even issuing any patches, or they're not issuing any kind of, you know, saying, hey, look, we're sorry, we're trying to get on this.
Super duper easy answer for you.
The one kind of problem that I suppose that PC games have in general is that there is not the same quality control that you have on the PlayStation or the Microsoft system or even the Nintendo system.
These games go through no quality control.
Remember way back when they used to have the Nintendo seal of quality?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and so on and so forth.
You have to make sure everything is referred to by the proper name for it.
I mean, it's down to that kind of level of control.
On the PC, who's there to control those games?
What third-party entity has to look at those games and review them?
Nobody.
Nobody's really watching that.
I think it should be more reviewing done, because like I said before, I feel now I'm being kind of gypped out of my money for the game.
And I was literally looking actually forward to playing it on the PC, and it's like...
Now to go out and find a way of getting it for either the 360 now or the PS3 in full quality to play it until they come out with some kind of patch.
I mean, there's been more than one instance with more than one person saying, hey, look, there's these kind of problems.
I'm running it on a high-end system, and yet it's still running like it's on a 386 computer.
So it's like, what's going on here?
Interesting comment from Xenocore in the chat room.
I want to kind of run this by you.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
Good point is that, you know, when on the PlayStation, on the Xbox, at least you have the same hardware.
So there is something to kind of, but you don't know what components are going to go into those PC games.
So how can you really audit them?
I always thought that games for Windows was kind of one of those types of things, was a way to have the game's quality controlled.
But I guess he brings up a good point.
You can't really test every hardware combination out there.
Yeah, that's true.
That's very true.
And I just thought it was kind of weird because, like I said, I play Fallout 3 and everyone's perfect.
I have no problems or anything whatsoever.
I play this and it's like the whole thing is getting ready to crash at a given point.
I just thought it was kind of interesting.
I just...
Well, I'm sorry to hear the game runs like crap, X-Link.
I would still continue to pressure the developers professionally.
Write a letter, post on the forums, what have you.
Get the other people you know that have been having problems with the game to continue to hound them and say you're not going to support them in the future if they don't fix their crap.
Most definitely.
I hear you.
Excellent.
Good luck, buddy, and take care, okay?
Thank you.
No problem.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Greg DeStefano
And you can look at the pictures that they have there on www.GregDeStefano.com That's G-R-E-G-D-E-S-T-E-F-A-N-O.com And they've got some pretty interesting pictures.
Sadly enough, that Icarus guy looks like Shane.
That's kind of funny.
Wait, let me see.
Sort of.
I don't know.
Maybe if Shane took hardcore drugs...
I don't know.
How about Wario's John Goodman?
Eh?
Sort of?
Okay, that I see a little more, yes.
Okay.
There you go.
But yeah, it's interesting.
And then other things, there's some cool rumors going on, including...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
from Ghostbusters so it makes perfect sense that we'll probably be seeing some stuff pretty soon from that probably just costumes though the Hanabi Festival is coming back in Europe and there's actually a pretty good lineup of games coming with that including I saw they had Ogre Battle which is pretty cool Ogre Battle from the Super Nintendo Pulseman from the Sega Mega Drive Bomberman 94 on TurboGrafx-16
Detna Twinbee on also the TurboGrafx Kirby's Dream Land 3 on Super Nintendo Musha on Sega Mega Drive Smash Table Tennis on the NES and Zoda's Revenge Star Tropics 2 all these coming to Virtual Console during the month of July I guess that's kind of neat
StarTropics2
Konami, I guess, has also confirmed that they're going to be porting over Contra Rebirth for Europe in August and also Driftmania with two I's, also coming to WiiWare as well.
Drift!
Driftmania, I guess, that's how you pronounce that top-down racing game.
TMNT Smash-Up
Apparently, they're also going to be getting two Rabid characters.
One of them is rumored to be dressed up as Sam Fisher from, of course, the Splinter Cell series.
And then also Rabid dressed up as a cheerleader.
And those are supposed to be in the all-teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fighting game, which is kind of interesting.
Link's Awakening Link's Awakening Link's Awakening
I remember this coming out and it's like, oh my god, Link's Awakening, we can play it on the TI-83.
But really?
Those little graphing calculators can handle all the processing?
Can you show me the video?
They can hack them so that it's an assembly and stuff.
I guess it's awful sound quality, but the graphics are just, it's okay.
The graphics are kind of crap.
Well, I mean, it's a graphing calculator.
And it's slow, but yeah, it's a graphing calculator running the game.
That's crazy.
I think that a lot of the stuff they probably just programmed from scratch.
I don't think it's actually being emulated.
Yeah, I can't imagine this is any fun to actually play.
This is just more of an accomplishment than anything else.
I remember back in the day it used to be...
This is back when they first started porting assembly stuff to the TI-85 and you can hack the calculator to run faster than it normally could and you could do grayscale games and stuff like that.
Ah, the days.
This is why I quit my calculus class because I was too busy programming games.
Nice.
But, yeah.
And that's all I have right now.
All right.
Wow, we're made it.
We're to the end of the show.
I know it's a little earlier than last week, but we're kind of at the end of the show.
And that's okay, because I don't know about you guys, but after this holiday weekend, I still have some things I'm trying to take care of before I go back to work tomorrow.
After this whole three-day work weekend.
So yeah, we're going to go ahead and wrap things up and get on out of here for the night.
Thank you guys so much for listening tonight.
Sadly, DarkSakura's not here either.
She'll usually help banter with us for a little while and bring her stories to the table.
She's not here, so I think it's going to be the end of the show, believe it or not.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Actually, it's good because it gives me a chance to make sure I can get on the network and get the files that I need to upload the show later this week because I don't want the podcast people to have to wait any longer.
We're out of here, believe it or not.
That's it.
Have a great night, everybody.
Let's get around to everybody's final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I'm watching and someone actually took a DS Lite and they've managed to turn it into an arcade cabinet.
Or I should say put a DS in an arcade cabinet.
That's crazy.
Wow.
My final thought is, instead of spending $400 on a laptop, I should have just bought myself an arcade cabinet for my house.
That would have been fun.
The room would have loved that.
You know, in hindsight, like I said, I think before, I'd rather have bought... See, because we were in an apartment complex, in order to have the whole thing delivered, it comes on a pallet.
And I mean, you can't deliver a pallet of stuff to an apartment complex.
You're going to get people looking at you funny.
But man, that would have been the way I would have gone.
It costs like a sixth of what I paid for it and just looks so much nicer.
That's it, guys.
Thank you so much for tuning into our show tonight.
Thank you for listening to our show and supporting independent podcasting.
Remember, we would not be here without your support.
We really appreciate it.
It's kept us going for seven years and hopefully seven more.
From all of us here at Orange Lounge Radio Studios in Sacramento, California, I hope you all have a great week.
We will be back next week.
DarkSakura will be back.
I'll be here.
Loki will be here.
And we'll have some fun and talk about next week's worth of news.
Will you be here?
I hope so.
Tune in Sunday night live.
at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time right after the Bobby Blackwolf show on All Games Radio.
Or you can continue to support us through the podcast.
That's okay, too.
Either way you do it, thank you for your support.
Have a wonderful week.
Take care, guys.
See ya.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific Time.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
