Tonight, July 19th, 2009, Dragon Quest IX might get DLC as it sells oodles of copies.
Could your mall soon get a Microsoft Store next to the Apple Store?
And Capcom finally admits something we've always known about Street Fighter IV.
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that talk show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me every week are the awesome co-hosts that help make up OLR with me,
the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Greetings and salutations.
How are you, Miss Summers?
In pain. Lots of it.
Me too this week. I know you've got your hand thing going on, but oh my god.
But Vicodin makes it better.
Vicodin does make it better. I wish Vicodin made heat stroke better.
Vicodin, however, means I cannot drink the delicious bottle of wine that's sitting on my counter in the kitchen.
But I can! No, it'll make my heat thing worse. I'll explain that in a minute.
Well, you're welcome to as much lemonade as you like.
I appreciate that. Also joining us, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Fine.
Excellent. And how are you holding up in the heat?
Are you a healthy individual this week? Have you been sick at all? Have any surgeries we need to know about?
I got a little sunburned.
I was going to say, you look a little sunburned on your arm. Did you go out shooting guns again today?
No, I had to go. As part of my company crap, I was too lazy to say no,
so I had to go volunteer at this place called the Grace Foundation.
They rescue horses and stuff, and I had to go stay in a fence.
Wait, wait, wait. You volunteered for horses this week?
No, what it is, is I forgot to say no to volunteering, you know, painting fences in 100 degree weather by the way, you know.
That's awfully kind of you, though. You're a good person.
Dark Soccer's offering aloe vera.
Oh, I don't need that.
You know what? I have some aloe vera at home that's awesome because it's from Canada,
and they have different drugs up there that you can get at the drug store you can't get here because Canadians rock.
Love you, Canada.
But they have this aloe vera gel that comes with lidocaine in it, which is the same stuff that dentists will use to numb your teeth.
Cool.
It's like prescription strength over here.
You can also get it with benzocaine, though.
It's true.
It's my arm's red. That's it.
Alright. Anyhow, moving on to the show tonight. Yeah, it's 108 degrees here in Sacramento where we tape our show.
Now, Dark Soccer's little room that we tape the show in is pretty nice. I mean, it's not like it's 108 degrees in here.
But, man, you take one step outside, you feel like you're going to just die, just melt like the Wicked Witch of the West.
I've been going outside today because I've taken it upon myself to cleanse the throne of Shermie.
Not the one that's under the desk, by the way.
She has a very large cat box, and we keep it in a closet in the bathroom when the bottom of the door is sawed off so that Shermie has her own private area.
Well, four years of concentrated cat can create a bit of a stink.
So the box is getting sterilized. It's sitting outside with that green spray on it in the front yard on the porch.
And I got on my hands and knees and scrubbed out the bottom of the closet.
And Shermie's bathroom is freaking clean.
Well, congrats.
But I've had to go out and spray down her big old litter box today.
To answer some questions from chat, and of course we always have the fourth guest on our show, the chat room, chat.orangelaundryday.com.
Fear of the Claw starts off with, what's the Vicodin for? Why is Jamie on it? I missed a couple episodes.
She had hand surgery, right?
Yeah, I had trigger finger release surgery.
So if you want to, I'm not going to explain it again, if you guys want to know what it is, it's online on many, many websites.
And I think she explained it a couple episodes back.
I'll put something in the chat room.
The podcast is lagging an episode behind, which is totally my fault.
Like a dummy, I ran out of here last week and left the USB drive in the computer.
And I never had a chance to get back home, or come back over here and grab the USB drive.
Because Jamie lives a good 30 minutes from me, get the USB stick and upload the show.
So hopefully last week's show will finally hit the podcast feed tonight.
And I apologize, I know people miss it when we don't get the show up on time.
But I wasn't home. I have not slept in my own bed since Wednesday night.
That's how on the go I've been lately, which, you know, I can't complain.
Life is good, but just busy, busy, busy with all my different commitments.
So, anyhow, let's see, moving on, looking at chat comments, commenting on the temperature.
I'm also about to post the link for what trigger finger release surgery is.
There you go, if you want to educate yourself.
Alright, well let's get into our game of weeks.
Wow, I found a video of it.
Ew, don't, see here's the thing, I do not do well with blood squeamishness.
You know what's actually really funny?
Like, I don't mind Mortal Kombat type of games or Trauma Center or all the fake cartoon blood.
I have a very good mind that can distinguish, you know, as I'm sure a lot of you do,
that can distinguish fake blood from real blood.
Even horror movies, even though I've gone into a rant on this show before,
I don't want to get into it again, but you know I hate the Saw movies,
and a lot of that has to do with the violence.
It's not that the violence makes me ill,
but okay, that kind of violence is, you know, I can handle all that stuff fine.
It's real blood and the real cuts that I see in people's hands.
Like Jamie tried to show me the scar from her surgery, which you know is cool,
and I realize there's a lot of people that, you know,
are the types of people that will watch real trauma in the ER and Discovery Channel and all that.
They're like, cool, surgeries.
I want to barf when I see that kind of stuff.
Mine wasn't that bad.
But for me, like, I just get really grossed out by blood and cuts and everything.
I'm very proud of you then for looking at the one that I did myself.
Well, thank you, but still, I just wanted to barf.
You remember when that exhibit was coming through town?
I wanted to go to that.
The bodies revealed that they were advertising on the radio for like six months.
This is basically all these corpses that they've opened up so you can see everything.
No, it's actually really cool because what they've done,
they've actually set them in everyday poses like in office positions or in play positions
so that you could see the way that the muscles.
But they're people.
They donated themselves, however.
I don't think that they knew they were going to be donated for an exhibit.
I know.
I can't deal with it.
They're donated for scientific research, and I think, well, as a massage therapist,
I wanted to see it because for, now, I'll tell you the biggest thing that got me over my gross factor with bodies
is watching cadaver videos.
And once you see muscles moving on their own, it's sort of.
I'm going to barf.
I'm sorry.
Just not the type of stuff I'm into.
Puppies, kittens.
Yay, kittens.
I love kittens.
Yay.
Laying inside the corpses of the dead.
I hate you.
But yeah, I don't get.
Video games, Mortal Kombat, ripping heads off, hee hee, funny.
I love that shit.
It's the real stuff.
My brain can totally tell the difference.
Fake blood in movies I hate.
Other people's blood I hate.
My own, I have no freaking problem with it.
Oh, even my own.
He would not let me watch my surgery, but he did let me watch them do the anesthetic.
Hey, Jeremy.
It took me a lot to look at the pictures of what it looked like,
because they showed me a picture of my gallbladder before and after.
Like, they actually put the laparoscopic camera in there when I had my surgery last October.
They actually showed the pictures of what my inside looked like with and without it.
It took me like four days before I was ready to look at that picture.
And then when I finally did, I was like, I looked at it,
and then I kind of like cocked my head to the side like a kitten looking at the TV or something
and then looked at it for about ten more seconds and I was like,
oh my god, I'm going to barf.
Hey, Jeremy.
I never looked at it again.
It's gross.
Jeremy would not say anything for everybody, by the way.
She's a little Mike shy today.
She also needs a bath.
Anyhow, I don't want to talk anymore about internal body organs and stuff like that,
unless it's in a video games, which, by the way, it just blows my mind.
You know, when I hear this stuff about he who shall not be named,
you know, Jack Voldemort, the once lawyer from Florida who is, you know, a total attention whore.
The freaking loser.
Who, yeah, always talks about, you know, how video games lead to real violence.
I'm like, can't people tell the difference?
I really don't have a problem being able to distinguish the two.
I have a physical reaction to the real stuff as compared to the fake stuff.
Are you telling me a lot of people don't have that?
I didn't see that episode of bullshit.
I know. I heard about it.
It's up on YouTube apparently.
Oh my god.
I'm going to have to watch that because I love bullshit.
They actually did one debunking the video game violence myth.
Like, you know, we haven't already.
Am I crazy?
Is there anyone in chat like me, because I see a lot of people going,
oh, I went to that exhibit or, oh, cool, I think those exhibits are neat
or I couldn't believe that they were real people.
Is anyone like me or am I just a big pussy?
That's fine. I can admit it.
It's really nothing.
There's a lot of people who have that problem.
I mean, it's just the way you're wired.
I didn't know that exhibit was there, otherwise I probably would have gone.
I really wanted to go. I just couldn't afford it at the time.
Actually, no, I wouldn't have wanted to go because it's an art exhibit
and that's just, I don't know.
If they could bring the exhibit to me, then maybe.
Yay, I hear Golden Anthros has me, Sky.
Good, I'm not alone. Thank you.
By the way.
What?
My brother Phillip has now added me on Facebook.
My mother and my stepfather have added me on Facebook.
Why is my family suddenly becoming technologically with the times?
I need to figure out how to set up those filters on Facebook
because I'm getting more and more co-workers on Facebook,
which, you know, just my work life is very different from my personal life.
It's nothing personal, it's just.
Don't worry.
Facebook will eventually be phased out or replaced by something else that's grander.
I'm sure.
Soon enough, it'll happen and everybody won't realize it until, you know,
the news reports on it, like, retarded people.
Technically, he didn't add me. He actually came up as a suggestion.
But my mom, my uncle, and my stepfather have added me all on Facebook.
Wow.
So my mom actually now knows that I am just as potty-mouthed as she is.
You know I'm probably potty-mouthed.
Completely off topic here.
Oh, what else is new here on Orange Laundry?
No, well, it's on the show. It's about the show, but not necessarily on topic with corpses and...
That's fine. Let's move on.
As you can see, I found a hard drive lying around the other day.
And I decided to look on it.
I think it was the old hard drive out of my computer that was, you know, the arcade cabinet.
But it had some of the old shows on it from I don't know when.
I didn't even listen to any of them, but they're older shows.
Really?
Do you have, like, it might be the drive that we used to have that had, like,
Episode 1 and all the really old shows on it.
It might be that drive.
They weren't even numbered. They just had dates on them.
Those are the old shows. Dude, that's the drive that has Episode 1 on it.
Yeah, it was still good.
Holy crap! Hook that drive up. Can you get me a backup of what's on that drive?
Well, I already backed it all up to my computer.
Can you get me a... can you bring me a DVD of the files?
Because we've had the listeners, like, begging for Episode 1 for, like, years.
God, that's why I had to pick a bad migraine.
That was before... because we didn't think the show was going to last a year back then.
So we just labeled them all with the actual dates.
We didn't start numbering them until, like, Episode 40 or something.
Yeah, so that's why I have...
Holy crap!
I don't know if it's, you know, the first ones.
I just, you know, I... there's no year on it, so I was like, eh, I don't know when these are from.
It's... dude, it's the first year of the show.
Oh, okay.
Well, you need to put that stuff up in the archive that we have online.
I also found all my MAME ROMs on there. I was like, sweet!
Nice. Well, cool. Hook up that drive. Let's make sure... before we get the listeners too excited, let's...
It completely works, too. I don't know why it stopped working on yours.
That's awesome.
But it works... it is partitioned, like, six times, though. It's kind of weird.
Sweet.
Alright, well, we'll hook that up, guys. Everybody in chat's going, yay!
Alright.
I tell you, we need to do the big DVD.
I know. Now we can, with all the old stuff.
Anyway, let's move on to this week's news and what's happening now seven years later since those shows that Loki found.
What have we been playing, also?
That's right, our gaming week.
Yes.
Yes.
So, Dark Sakura, start us out. Loki's, like, excited to talk about something, I think.
No, I'm not. I haven't done any.
Okay, Dark Sakura, what have you been playing this week?
A lot of Sims 3, because that's really all I can play.
And the fortunate thing is that my mouse is one of the thumb track balls, so it keeps my hand in a neutral position, and it doesn't really hurt so much, so I've been playing a lot of that.
I tried playing some pinball, but, yeah, that didn't quite work.
Also, I downloaded Loom last week on Steam, and I was gonna play that, and I loaded it up, and then I was like, oh, wait, I have to do stuff, so I didn't play it, but I do have it now.
That's really about it. What did you do?
This week, I played Grand Theft Auto 4, the modified version that I'm still playing.
I finally got it down to the point where we tweaked a few more things, and we're at a point where we can kind of stop messing with it for a while, until I find something really cool to do with it.
But, yeah, it's been pretty fun. Very crazy. You're probably pissing a lot of people off because I keep winning.
But that's not on purpose. I mean, it's just, I've adapted to the new weapons pretty quick, and they forget that some of the weapons explode on contact with helicopters or flying cars.
And, you know, different strategies and whatnot.
But it's actually been pretty fun, and like I said, I think last week I'm planning on filming it, and I finally found all my video capture stuff, so I will actually try it.
The only thing I have to see is if my laptop will actually take that video capture stuff, because my laptop's relatively new, but not new enough for me.
It's not dual core or anything, so I have to see if it will actually be able to keep up with it.
Plus, I found some other device that will actually capture in HD, which is pretty cool, so maybe I'll have to pick that up later on.
But, yeah, that's really all I played. I have a bunch of stuff sitting around like I should have been playing, but I've been busy working on the house and working on other things.
But, yeah, it's basically Grand Theft Auto is the only thing I had time for.
Alright.
Oh, I watched Jim play RPG Maker 3, which is kind of funny.
Oh, yeah, that's right. I saw the RPG Maker 3 on PlayStation 2. That game seems very intricate for a PlayStation 2 game.
There's a lot that you can do with it.
You should have seen the old RPG Makers SNES ones.
I'm surprised they don't have a new one out on Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3.
They aren't that popular.
Sadly enough, they didn't sell well.
I remember selling RPG Maker 3, and I thought, oh my god, this is fucking awesome, but no one seemed to get it.
No one really likes to do anything they actually have to work at.
It's a very cult kind of game.
It is tough, and especially with, like, it's not...
I like to say, like, ZZT would be pretty awesome, but ZZT, the only difference between that and like this,
ZZT's game actually was pretty good, you know, the standalone game that came with it.
You know, it didn't really show you how to make levels and stuff like that, but it kind of, you could, you know, look at it and stuff.
But, you know, that also had a really powerful editor with it, whereas RPG Maker 3, they have a really crappy game that's with it.
It's not very polished. It's just kind of, hey, look, here's what you can do with the engine. Done.
Wouldn't you expect, though, that somebody's going to bring in RPG Maker, especially the PlayStation 3?
Because look at, you've got your little big planet.
You've got your motor. What's the kart racing game that's coming out on PlayStation 3?
Mod Nation.
Mod Nation. Thank you.
If you had these kind of games coming out that are about creating and sharing a community, wouldn't it seem logical that a role-playing game's going to come out at some point?
They should. It would be cool. But they probably won't.
Because it really, I mean, they've had a few of them come out in Japan and they just haven't really taken off.
And even the company that used to make them on PC, like, went out of business.
And now it's being kind of carried on with, like, people modding the, you know, actual files and doing, like, freeware updates and stuff like that.
All right. Well, is that it for your gaming week?
Yep.
Actually, funny enough, most of my gaming this week has been on the Wii.
I've played two new games on the Wii this week.
First off was a download title that I checked out on Monday called BitBoy was the name of the game.
What a cool concept BitBoy has is that you kind of play this game that traverses through an Atari 2600-style game through a Nintendo-style game to a Super Nintendo game.
Then it's, like, more of like a PlayStation or Saturn kind of game, which is weird because there was no Nintendo system right there.
And then a 64-bit game, like Nintendo 64, all the way to a 128-bit game, which is, I guess, their Nintendo Wii version.
And it's kind of like you play the 4-bit game until you, you know, beat it.
And then you get upgraded to the 8-bit game, which you play through.
Kind of a neat concept, and that's what sold me on the game, is I was like, oh, it's cool.
You can kind of move from one, you know, type of game to the other.
It sounds like a lot of fun.
It does, doesn't it? Here's the thing. The game sucks.
There's no nice way to say this. This game is horrible.
And I feel really bad saying that because I'm sure this was created by an independent developer studio and some of these people took a lot of time and put energy into this game.
But it's not worth your money because I think somewhere they got lost in the concept.
It's very clear that this game was very proud of its concept.
And it should be. It doesn't, like, we're all sitting here going, oh, it sounds like a cool game.
And that's what really sold me on buying the game.
And it's a good thing Nintendo Wii doesn't have demos or I probably would have figured that out a lot sooner.
Huh, got me.
But the game itself is this just bad Pac-Man rip-off where you, and I shouldn't say rip-off.
It's not a rip-off, but it's a Pac-Man-ish type of game where you move through a maze and you collect, you know,
I think they're supposed to be mini cubes or, you know, cube friends or something that are hidden throughout the maze and you avoid these monsters.
And then once you get past the Atari version of the game and the later versions of the game, you can press a button and it makes a little weapon so that it knocks out the monsters near you that you can use, like, five times throughout the course of the game.
Well, here's the thing. The game in the 4-bit version doesn't change by the time you get to the 128-bit version.
You're still playing the same damn game where you're moving throughout a maze trying to get the little cubes and avoid the monsters.
And it's just completely unimaginative when you get from the 4-bit to the Super Game.
I really think that they should do something where you're playing through different styles of games because the different genres evolve, you know, as...
Bingo. You hit the jackpot on that one because that's exactly what the problem with this game is.
Copyright Orange Zones Radio.
The genre didn't evolve at all in this game. I mean, and, you know, some might argue with me as I even tried, like, looking on the website, kind of seeing, like, who's in this game and stuff.
And the game definitely has its fans who are not responding well to the negative reviews out there on the internet saying,
Well, it's a game about competing for points and it's all this, you know, the game does evolve because in the Wii version you can flick the Wiimote to jump or something.
And no, I'm sorry. They're just dumb little frills to try and distinguish, you know, one genre to another. It doesn't work.
It didn't really innovate the game. It still is this really shoddy looking cube graphic moving around a shoddy looking cube maze that is the exact same type of maze that was in the 4-bit version just now presented in fancy 3D.
It's just not a good game. I'm sorry. If the 4-bit version had been the way it is, that's fine. But the problem is that as the game evolves, the game doesn't evolve.
And you can tell that they love the idea because they really show off, Oh, well, in the Super Nintendo version of this game you're going to have Mode 7 graphics.
I think you see Mode 7 graphics once and it's kind of like nothing of importance, like the zoom in and out.
The 32-bit version of the game has long load times, so you actually have to sit there between each level and wait for the game to load.
When you know damn well it's not loading anything. It's just a little, ha ha ha, isn't that funny? I remember loading times.
So it's novel, the game?
Basically, it's like, gee, weren't the 80s cool? Was that Goat Boy on Saturday Night Live? Weren't the 80s cool? It's like this.
No, we had bad hair and a flock of seagulls.
That's basically what it is.
So, unfortunately, Bit Boy, the game, not a fan. I'm sorry. And I know it was a little tiny studio that put the game together, but my advice, you guys, if some of them should actually hear the show or the fans hear the show, you've got to evolve the genre of the game with the game.
For me, the game didn't change between the 4-bit and the 128-bit. What really changed? The graphics? And now you can flick your Wiimote to jump or whatever. It's not enough.
And in the end, it's still about competing for a high score, which works for an Atari 2600-style game, but games weren't about just competing for high scores when you moved on into later generations. I think that's what they forgot.
You know, that speaks so true to life, because really, people never change. They just get older and then are able to flick their Wiimote.
Shut up.
So I don't recommend Bit Boy, sorry.
As far as other games I played this week on the Wii, a newer type of exercise game that came out from EA called EA Active. I got a gift card for my birthday I finally spent this week, and I decided I was going to take the plunge because I've gained quite a bit of weight.
Last year, I lost a lot of weight when I had my surgery. As I'm sure a lot of you guys know, I didn't have gastric bypass. I had gallbladder surgery, but with all the sickness I had last year...
If you had gastric bypass, you'd be losing weight.
Exactly. I lost a lot, a lot of weight in the last year. I went down from like 225 to like 185. I'm not even joking. I lost about 40 pounds, everything that happened last year.
I'm back up to about 200 and change, so I kind of want to exercise to get myself down to maintain a level of about 195.
And I thought, okay, I'm going to pick up this new game, this EA Active, because what I like about it from what I'm hearing on the box is that it has this customized training program, and that's what I need.
Because Wii Fit, what's Wii Fit? It's a clusterfuck of games and a way for you to measure your body fat once in a while.
But if I don't really know what I'm doing or what exercises I ought to be playing, that's one thing that Wii Fit really falls short in, is that it's just kind of all these exercises, and you kind of have to know what parts of the body you want to exercise.
But EA Active has a 30-day program. So I bought the game, decided to check it out, and okay, it's not bad.
It does support the Wii Balance Board, but it's not required to play. The game basically has two little add-ons that come with it that are extremely cheap, but you've got to consider the game costs $59.99.
One of the peripherals is basically a gigantic rubber band that you put these two straps on that's like a resistance band, which is actually...
Resistance bands are great.
Yeah, it's actually kind of a creative, cheap exercise tool. I've got to give them credit for that. It actually works for doing bicep curls and things of that nature.
The game also comes with a strap that you strap to your leg that you put the nunchuck in that would be ten times more awesome if it didn't keep falling off my leg while I'm exercising.
Because even as tight as I will make that thing, inevitably it slips off my leg and starts to fall.
It needed to have something where I can maybe clip it onto my shorts or something. It needed something else besides just the velcro around my hip. It needed something to secure it in place.
They do have a lot of third-party companies making peripherals. They even have one that has three different types of resistance bands, and they also have a different type of leg strap thing, so that might be the way to go.
I don't know, but it comes with this thing with the nunchuck, and it's kind of neat. It allows for all these different types of activities. And that's one thing I did notice about EA Active is that it is set up more like a, hey, this is an exercise program.
And we're going to show you all these videos that show you how to do the exercise, then you're going to do the exercise.
And I really felt like, granted, I don't have numbers to put side by side, but I did feel like EA Active has a higher variety of exercises in them.
As far as the fun factor, though, I don't think EA Active necessarily has the cutesy, fun look of Wii Fit, the really motivating type of cutesy, let's have a good time, Wii Party type of thing.
I didn't really see that in EA Active. It's a little more serious. And the graphics don't really even seem as good as Wii Fit.
But you have to consider, what is this game for? It's not there to be cute and amusing and entertaining. It's there to help you exercise.
And it does get that job done fairly well. My biggest bitch, some of the trying to watch your body do these motions, the game is not very good at picking up.
There's one in particular, the lunges you do on your feet, you basically lunge down, kind of like you crouch with one leg and bend your other leg at a 45 degree angle.
I am having the hardest time with the game picking this up. And I'm doing them the right way and everything, but there's no way to tell the game, okay, I'm doing it, just move on.
Like, if you are not doing the exercise correctly, you kind of have to twist and move your body until the game picks up.
And I was literally sitting there for like a minute, two minutes, trying to move around getting the game to detect me and it wouldn't do it.
So eventually I had to hit the button to skip the entire exercise. Well, I didn't get credit for doing the exercise.
So I wish there was a way you could just hit the two button or something and skip the step or something as opposed to skipping the entire exercise.
It really would go a long way. Otherwise, the detection was fairly good in most things. The only other place I'm going to be critical of the game is the soundtrack is really boring.
And it tries to say that, oh, it has all these genres, it has electronica and dancebeat and 80s, none of them are recognizable songs.
And when you consider a company like EA, usually license is pretty good music.
They have EA track?
Exactly. For a game like Burnout and so on, the fact that they couldn't do the same for a game like this is really disappointing.
And maybe they're waiting to see how a game like this is received so that they can do it in the sequel or something like that.
But I really just wanted to turn the damn thing off and put on my own music.
They're just having expansions.
Is that really the plan?
They've already announced them, yeah.
Oh, really? That could be interesting. I don't know. By the way, some of the activities use the balance board, which is okay.
Again, I don't think the balance board activities were nearly as fun as the ones on Wii Fit.
But again, what I like about the game, when I do the 30-day workout, which is about like a 30-minute workout every two days on, one day off for 30 days,
when you do this little 30-day workout, I really feel it the next day.
Like, it's a good workout, and I like the fact that it's like a rounded workout.
So if you're looking for a game that's going to put you on a workout plan, I think EA Active does a better job of that.
And it sounds like this could be the start of a much better franchise.
And it does seem exciting because when we get things like Project Natal to come out that will hopefully detect your body motion a lot better than the Wii Nunchuck and Wii Motor allowing,
I'm just excited for the possibilities that something like Project Natal can bring to exercise gaming.
That actually sounds like it'd be a lot of fun.
It's not a bad game by any means. There's just some little things I think can be done a little better.
But it sounds like, you know, if this is the start of a franchise, it's a decent start.
Or hello, support the goddamn SD memory card, put your own MP3s on there.
Right, right. And the other thing I should point out, you don't have to have the balance board to play this game.
I think it goes a long way in making some of the other activities a little more fun.
But technically, you don't have to have it.
So if you're willing to endure without the balance board, you can pick up this game for $59.99.
Not a bad deal.
And the EA's part, that's actually kind of smart because it puts out an exercise game that's cheaper than Wii Fit,
yet also enhances Wii Fit. I got to credit EA with that one.
So that was pretty much my gaming week, was those two games.
And I'm still feeling sore from just the two days of Wii workout I did earlier in the week.
I skipped yesterday. I have to do some when I go home tonight because I don't want to miss a day.
Because I have to be thin and beautiful before the Reno show in August.
All right. Anyhow, let's see.
I just got an idea, by the way.
What's that?
Well, I was showing off screen caps of the house that I made in The Sims.
Uh-huh.
I'm thinking about doing OLR exclusives.
Go for it.
Yeah, why not?
Why not?
So I will do, as soon as I can actually get to a point where I can save that property, I will do exclusive Sims.
I should make ones of you guys.
Go for it.
I've got one of me.
I'll be fine. I'd be fine with that.
I read you some comments from chat, chat.orensonsrated.com.
Xenocore says, Rob, screw this EA crap. Get you some P90X Interactive Online Extreme.
Work out until your insides come out.
I'm not aware of this game.
Maybe it's something I need to do more research on.
I'd be okay with looking that up.
Sounds interesting.
I like the idea of an online game where I can kind of get motivated with friends and in a community.
I think that's one big thing that the Wii workout programs are missing.
And I think, you know what, I really hope that when Project Natal comes out, a big, big exercise game is not far behind.
Because I think one place where Xbox Live is going to really blow these Wii games out of the water is the online component.
It's going to be very interesting to see what that brings to the table.
But I'm curious about the other game. I'll check it out, I guess.
I don't think it's necessarily a game.
It's just, it's an extreme home fitness training system, they call it.
Oh, God.
Sucker.
I'm a sucker.
What is it? Some type of...
It's just like working out, like hard.
Interesting. I'll check it out. I'll Google it.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on though with some housekeeping tonight quickly.
Xenocore says, please tell me he knows that's a joke.
No, I didn't know it's a joke. I've never heard of it before.
Thank you, Loki, for doing the research.
Alright, let's see, going on to some stuff within the community.
You can join our Twitter at twitter.com slash O-L-R or you can always join us as well on LiveJournal,
username OrangeLounge. We also have a Facebook group.
Just search for O-L-R-M-Y, O-L-R-M-Y.
Rob, I was also going to say, I believe they did a blog for EA Sports Active,
The 30 Day Challenge, and I think, I don't know if they're starting it again.
It's, I guess there's someone else that's taking the 30 Day Challenge.
Peter Moore basically said that you'll lose weight after 30 days or something like that,
but I was trying to find, they had one person that actually completed it,
and I wanted to see what the results were.
Unfortunately, I cannot, oh, here we go.
You know what's funny? I am using the Wii Fit channel to weigh myself in every day.
Jayrod in chat said, Richard Simmons presents, Sweeten to the 80s.
You know what? I would actually buy a game like that.
Say what you want about how odd Richard Simmons is, but you know what?
He's a highly motivating guy, and what bad thing has he ever done,
besides being a little bit weird, right?
Also, my mother loves him, so no joke.
I think he's fantastic.
I think he is too.
This person actually did it for 30 days.
They started off that their weight was 235, and some other habits he also brought on.
He drank half his body weight in fluid ounces of water, which you're supposed to,
so 120 ounces of water a day.
This is roughly 500 calories before resting.
150 grams of protein, 4 to 6 small meals, avoided carbs, and plenty of fiber.
Besides all that, and did the exercises, they lost 12.5 pounds in 30 days.
Hmm. Not bad. Not bad.
You notice, though, it's about changing other lifestyles, too,
which the game will tell you. It will kind of walk you through that,
but it's not like the game can tell what you ate yesterday.
Yeah, I mean, drinking water is good, eating lots of meals, smaller meals instead of big meals,
something I really needed to do, but I started myself until lunch.
That's not healthy.
I know it's not.
And then I go get the third pounder burger, which is really not healthy, but I don't care.
All right, let's get into some actual gaming.
If I may say one thing, though.
Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
The first and foremost thing is starting to create the healthy self-image before you do any of this.
If you're going to do it, do it for the right reasons.
Don't do it because, oh, I want to be skinny and pretty. Skinny is not pretty.
But I do want to be skinny and pretty.
You know what I mean.
Sorry, Rob, you can only pick one.
I just want to be back where I was before. That's my goal.
See, that's what, you remember when I had pneumonia and lost all that weight?
I'm actually trying to get back to that size because I had more energy when I was that size.
Or you could do a tapeworm diet.
Shut up.
I wouldn't mind a tapeworm.
Oh, you guys are disgusting.
But yeah, one thing that's important about these types of games, you're not going to get thin just buying the game and looking at the box.
At the same time, you're not going to get thin buying the game and playing it for five minutes a day.
At the same time, you're not going to get thin by buying the game, playing it for 30 minutes one day out of an entire week.
You have to make a commitment to exercise five times a week.
And I'm taking that walking class.
They say you need to get your heart rate up for 20 minutes a day or at least three times a week.
Get your heart rate up to at least 65% of your max heart rate and then hold it there for at least 20 minutes.
Alright.
And that's the way to do it.
Alright, so think carefully before you jump into one of these Wii exercise programs.
I think they can work because I think anything is better than your big butt sitting on the couch playing a game for 30 minutes.
I mean, if you're up and moving, that's certainly better than that.
So anyway, let's move on.
Let's get into some gaming stories tonight.
And Loki's going to start us off with some gaming discussion.
Yes. Dragon Quest IX came out just last week.
And of course, it's already sold millions of copies.
In fact, it sold 2.3 million copies in two days, which is pretty awesome.
Totally blowing away any other game that was coming out that week or actually even out at the time.
Just completely knocked everything out of the water as far as sales goes.
But of course, Dragon Quest is a huge series in Japan.
Not so much over here, but hey, we're working on it.
That's pretty cool.
And it's not a big surprise that it did well.
But hopefully it will do well when it comes over here.
It probably won't.
Well, it's not going to do that good.
I think definitely Dragon Quest has its fans that will justify Square translating the game and bringing it out over here.
Although I think they do lose a little bit in sales from not doing it a little faster.
Because I think you do get people that import the game and or steal the game while it's out in Japan.
So I think they need to get their turnaround times down a bit.
But I think the game will still sell decent enough.
But let's just face it, it's not Halo or Madden or the things we go crazy about in this country.
True.
Although Dragon Quest IX certainly has its fans.
Although people do go crazy for Final Fantasy.
I think Final Fantasy has a bit more name recognition.
And also keep in mind that Dragon Quest had a different name when we first got them over here, remember?
True, and they didn't really come back until 8 came out over here on the Playstation 2.
7 was out here, right?
No, they did. Keep in mind, 2 and 3 were out on the Nintendo.
It's the Super Nintendo generation they completely skipped, which I think hurt them in the long run.
Because we all got Final Fantasy 2 and 3.
I understand that, but they didn't really come back big time until 8.
True, true. I understand.
That was a big marketing push, too.
I think even though we had Dragon Quest VII was out on the Playstation 1, I don't remember ever hearing about it.
It was really Dragon Quest VIII where they really started pushing it.
But that was also the first game under the Square Enix banner, if I remember right.
Maybe Enix just didn't have the marketing push here in America that it did over in Japan.
I think that's a big part of it.
Now, I hear this game has been getting a lot of negative feedback on Amazon.com,
although I guess that ultimately doesn't matter now, does it?
It's the sales that drive it, not the ratings.
Although, it would be interesting to see what happens next week.
You know, if the sales numbers take a big dive or what happens.
Orlan in chat says, Final Fantasy is dead.
Really? I don't know. I think Final Fantasy XIII is going to do well.
I don't think that it's dead.
I think that it'll lull.
I don't think it's as popular as it was in the Playstation 1 era,
but I think the games will still sell like crazy.
I think XIII is going to be the biggest selling RPG on both platforms, both Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.
But it's still not going to sell Halo-sized numbers, that's for sure.
But it'll be a big game.
Maybe combined it will. I don't know.
See, and then Orlan goes on to say, X marked the end of good Final Fantasy games.
But see, there's tons of people that would debate that.
Because some would even say X wasn't a good Final Fantasy game.
A lot of people love XII.
Yeah, I thought XII was fine.
It's just XII came out at a really bad time.
And XII really should have just been made for the next-gen systems.
I think that was the biggest problem with Final Fantasy XII.
It really missed out.
Final Fantasy XI, you know, that's a whole other thing.
Maybe Final Fantasy XI should have just been Final Fantasy Online.
I think the whole fact that they did an online game with a number really turned some people off.
But guess what? It's going to happen again with Final Fantasy XIV.
I don't care, because I'm buying Final Fantasy XIV.
XI was fun for a while.
Granted, it had its rough spots in the beginning, but now a lot of that's just been patched out.
But I still enjoyed it, even with all the frustrations of it.
And I would still be playing it today if I had the time to play it, but I don't.
So I'm not.
But it was awesome. I mean, I wouldn't be going the while.
Fuck that shit.
ActDeft reminds us in chat, Famitsu gave it a perfect score.
That's right, Dragon Quest IX got a perfect score in Famitsu, which is the first-
Damn near impossible, too.
It's the first Dragon Quest game to do so, actually.
Which is kind of surprising.
So it's funny, because you have that, and then you have the Amazon.com reviews
where a lot of the users are slamming the game.
But I don't know, is that just angry internet wank?
Yeah, the internet is angry.
I don't know how to tell until I actually buy the game myself, but we'll see.
By the way, I guess more and more games.
Remember when that was a hella hard thing to get, was a perfect 40 in Famitsu magazine?
There was only like four games that had it for the longest time.
Now there's like 10 or 11 that have gotten a perfect 10.
Yeah, they're starting to move to the IGN scoring method there.
Apparently Nintendogs was one of the games that got a perfect 40 in the history.
Yeah, it was a perfect 40 for the first 40 minutes.
And then after that, it's just like, wait, why am I building this?
Exactly. Also, Final Fantasy XII was the first Final Fantasy game to get a perfect 40 for Famitsu magazine.
So some would argue that XII was not a good Final Fantasy game.
Yeah, Xenocore says, Rob, some said Famitsu has lost its bite.
They have given out four perfects in the last year. This is true.
You look at how much difference there is between now and the past, and it's definitely different.
Anyhow, that's all we've got on Dragon Quest IX for now.
I think we'll come back to it a little later in the show.
I want to talk about The Conduit, which is a game that came out here in the US.
It was supposed to be a really big title over here, but I don't think the game's been selling very well, has it?
Nope.
No, that's sad. What's wrong with The Conduit? Why is it not selling well?
It's because it's more of a mature type of game, and unfortunately there's not a lot of those people on the Wii.
Interesting. So now maybe Nintendo's marketing is coming back to bite them a little bit.
Although, in the scope of things, does it really matter? They don't care.
No, it really comes down to Nintendo being retarded, and it's retarded in their own benefit, and here's why.
Because with the GameCube, they were frustrated that the system was viewed as a system for kids,
and that they couldn't get any good third-party franchises that were more mature to work out for them.
They thought, okay, the Wii is going to be different. It's going to be this all-around system that everyone's going to love.
Except they had Resident Evil 4, which was one of the best third-party games to come out last generation.
Well, there's exceptions to all the rules, but that's not the point.
The point is, then the Wii comes out instead of, hey, we're going to take what we learned from the GameCube,
and we're going to make this better, and we're going to market it to everybody.
No, we're just going to market it to the kids now, and casual gamers, and grandmas, and go with that.
And really, if you ask me, I don't think they give a crap about the third-party, mature-rated games.
I think it's a good genre they have on that system, because there's people like me that don't want to go play Mario Tennis,
or Mario Soccer, or Mario Badminton, or whatever the hell they're going to come out with next.
So, Conduit, if I had time, once again, it's another game that I have that I just haven't gotten to play yet.
If I had the chance to play it, then yeah, I'd probably enjoy it, because I enjoyed MadWorld a lot.
And this was one of those games that was high-voltage studios, it was really impressive, the tech demo and everything.
But I think overall, it's a good game, but it wasn't like, oh my god, this is better than Metroid, better than everything.
I mean, they've done a lot of things right with it, but at the same time, it's a very generic shooter.
A lot of the same cliches that you would see in Halo and pretty much every other sci-fi shooter out there.
Had really good online, but that's kind of being ruined now.
But it's just, I don't know, even MadWorld didn't do that well.
Alright, well, looking at some comments from chat, J-Rod says,
Conduit is a very mediocre title. It's only hyped because it's on the Wii, the barren wasteland of third-party games.
And then Fear the Claw says, it's a passable shooter, but not the amazing game it should have been, but not really a bad game.
J-Rod also continues on to say, people also slammed Conduit because it wasn't Metroid Prime on the Wii.
Anyway, that's actually not the story I wanted to talk about.
What I wanted to talk about is that there's a hacker out there named HitoAn2 that apparently has hacked the shit out of this game.
Apparently you can hack this game very easily to get infinite ammo, health, invisibility, off the radar, and just all these hacks.
By the way, you can also hack it online.
The hacker said, everything is virtually unprotected.
All values can be edited fairly easy, and there's virtually no sign of an attempt at hiding values, fixing bugs, or preventing online hackers.
The hacker goes on to say that hacking online is cake.
Quote, the only difference is in the online mode, the game sends the variables in real time to the server.
And apparently some patch codes actually came out for the game.
And I guess initially he altered them to actually make the save files corrupt for anybody that used them.
And I guess he's working with the people that created the game to see who used them, and then they're gonna ban them.
Whoever installed this cheat, they're actually gonna ban, which is kind of an interesting end to the story.
Yeah, it's an interesting end to the story, seeing as they can't do that.
It's impossible to ban people.
In fact, it's hilarious that they even mention that, because they try the same thing with Mario Kart, banning people.
And you know what? You can use the same cheat devices that they're using to hex edit stuff to override the ban.
So it doesn't really do anything at all.
And basically, it sounds like they're using the Rockstar method of game programming,
where they leave everything in very well-documented text files on the disc itself, and everything is labeled very properly with infinite ammo.
Check one, toggle this on. It's just ridiculous.
And thank you, Rockstar, for doing that, because it's awesome to mod your games.
Well, look, but if you were playing a modded game online, you're kind of a butt anyway.
I mean, it's one thing to do it in private circles. I know that's what you do, Loki.
But if you actually go on Xbox Live and play these modded for infinite health and all this stuff, you're kind of a butt to begin with.
Well, yeah.
But if you want to hack your personal one-player game, have a ball.
Or private circle games where everybody has infinite health and everybody has access to the same hacks, then fine.
That's up to you and your hard-earned money.
But going on Xbox Live or going on Nintendo Wi-Fi connection with these hacked games, you're kind of a douche, let's face it.
Well, yeah. And there's a lot of people. Unfortunately, Mario Kart's been kind of ruined by it.
And I'm not sure about Call of Duty or anything like that.
But there's a lot of the popular Smash Brothers. There's a lot of people hacking that kind of stuff.
I don't know. It's just something that they have to work out.
And fortunately, we're kind of at a disadvantage because once again, Nintendo decided, you know what?
We don't need to patch our games. We're just not going to put a patching system in there at all, period.
So if your game is broken or you find out there's a glitch or something they should have fixed in the 11th hour, too bad.
You're fucked.
Couldn't they do something on the server side, though, that says if this does not equal this, then boot user?
That's all they're going to be able to do as far as patching the game goes.
They can only do it on the server end and maybe banning the IPs of those people or something like that.
That would be the way to go if they could do that or ban the MAC.
That's actually what it's been doing is banning the MAC address.
But once again, all people are doing is hex editing the memory to alter their MAC address and boom, they're online again.
So, oh well. It's bound to happen with every game.
Alright, well, there you go. The game's being out there and being hacked.
So if you want to hack this game, have fun.
But the only thing I would say with that, don't go online.
If you're going to hack, don't go online with it.
Yeah, I'd totally play that game with infinite ammo and stuff like that because that's just fun.
Just like doing that with Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter.
I played that game with infinite health and infinite rockets.
That was a blast.
Nice.
Well, that's all I have to say about the Conduit and the latest hack, so let's move on to Dark Sacras for some more gaming news.
Well, it's just a little something that I think is actually cool for our UK listeners is they put out a date for Scribblenauts in the UK.
It's supposed to be coming out on the 25th of September.
And basically, as we've talked about, you summon anything, practically, and then, you know, use it, whatever.
Like all the lolcats in the universe.
We've heard to death about Scribblenauts this game, and I have a bad feeling this is going to turn out like Nintendogs.
Call me crazy, I have a bad feeling this game is going to go the way of Nintendogs where it's got all this hype pre-release,
and then when it comes out, people are going to be like, okay.
We'll be all into it, into it, into it, and then a month later, eh.
Yeah, we read all the funny stuff online already.
Well, I don't know. I just thought it was noteworthy that they put out the UK date.
No, it's definitely noteworthy that it's coming to the UK as well, especially when those guys usually get screwed out of releases for a long, long time after we do.
But, you know, again, it doesn't change my opinion on the game.
We need that kind of technology with LittleBigPlanet where we can spawn, you know, babies attached to meat and blurred lines.
I don't know.
Did you have the suicide babies? Did you try to see if that was there?
I haven't given up hope on this game yet.
Maybe there'll be something on Xbox Live or something. It'd be kind of cool where you could do that in a big sandbox on Xbox Live, but I don't know.
That would be neat.
There's only so much Scribblenauts talk I can take.
But also with that, they'd really not be able to, they'd have to super monitor the online content.
You know, with a really powerful switch, you know, really powerful machine made out of switches in LittleBigPlanet,
you could come up with something very similar to Scribblenauts where you would drop letters in these little boxes or something like that to spell words out
and you could have it spawn an object or something like that and be able to interact with it.
It could be done. It'd just be a lot of work.
Work? Who wants to do that?
Exactly. No one wants to do work.
We have someone in chat asking, they didn't change their nickname so I don't know what their name is, but does anyone know what the game is going to be about?
Like, is there a story or what?
Yeah, the story is basically that you are collecting these star pieces and I'm not really sure why.
Maybe they put the stars back in the sky or something like that, you know, cheesy.
And then basically you just go through different levels and try to solve the puzzles given, you know, whatever.
With an entire dictionary of weapons available to you.
But they're also, you know, they have pars on each of the levels that you're trying to get, you know, the level finished with so many objects spawn or something like that.
So it could be interesting and then the level editor would be nice.
So Meat Baby will probably not solve every level.
I'm going to try though. Definitely going to try that.
A totally different subject. Microsoft is planning on bringing a music streaming service to, I don't know, I guess they're going to create their own music service.
Not necessarily Last.fm, I mean, because they do have that coming to the Xbox.
But this might be something different that they're going to create, you know, very similar like Pandora or something like that.
That's actually going to be available as well. Maybe a competitor to Last.fm and Pandora.
But basically this is coming from the Telegraph.
And Peter Bale, the executive producer of MSN is saying that they're going to launch a music service imminently by the end of July.
And I guess it will perform similar to Spotify, a streaming music service which offers both an ad supported listening option as well as a premium subscription with no ads.
And, you know, not sure if they're going to integrate it with the Xbox, but I don't see why not.
It's kind of interesting though that they would do this and then still have Last.fm integration with, you know, the Xbox and not their own service.
Which is very strange unless Microsoft were going to buy Last.fm or something. But it's strange.
Yeah, and they also have the Zune music library that they could be integrating with that as well.
So maybe they're just going to have all these different services all tied together or something like that.
And this is Chia100Matt in chat says knowing them they're going to buy Live3CC5 which is funny because that's kind of what this service sounds like. You can listen to the music with ads or all of the ads will be for their ad-free stream.
That's what Live3CC5 was. Remember that?
I'm so glad. We don't have to put up with that anymore.
Yeah, it's kind of nice. I've got to say all things considered.
As much as I miss having our own station that we have control of, things have worked out over here. Definitely we have Bobby as a lead in which has been very cool and all that.
So yeah, I mean the move was a good thing. But Live3CC5, this sounds kind of like that. So it'll be interesting to see if all the ads are for the ad-free service.
Very strange that they would have this when Last.fm is coming out as well unless Last.fm is not going to work the way we want to. Or the other thing to consider is that maybe it's not coming to the Xbox.
All this story is that Microsoft is coming up with a service and maybe that's for use on PCs or Windows 7 or with the Zune.
But that doesn't necessarily mean it's 100% coming to Xbox 360. I think everybody's making that assumption. But it would sure make sense of course.
Yeah.
So, I don't know. I guess we will see. Robocoon in chat says, I've checked up on Live3CC5. Damn, it's gone downhill.
Actually, I did too because I heard some of those rates and the fees that kind of pushed us out of there in the first place and they decided to skyrocket.
I understand why they were doing that. They were doing that in response to the government increase. I heard some of that got resolved this past week.
So I went to Live3CC5 to see if their rates dropped for broadcasting. No.
Hearing that there was also something similar happening to Terrestrial Radio as well, because I've been hearing ads when I listen to the radio, which is hardly ever.
But I've been hearing ads saying, oh, they're going to start charging. They're going to take away the music that you listen to because they're going to start raising their licensing fees.
I'm like, boo fucking who? Seriously.
Well, I get it though. I don't understand why record labels keep trying to raise the prices of what it's going to cost for these broadcasters to do it.
I mean, they are putting internet radio out of business, which is too bad because they're biting the hand that feeds them.
How do people find new songs, the radio and stuff? If radio gets stupid or is just all ad-ridden, people are just going to go listen to the same old shit on their iPods.
That's why most people have left radio. I think they're doing a dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb thing by demanding these higher rates. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
They're greedy. I stopped listening to the radio a long time ago.
I rarely listen to it. I wish I had XM Sirius in my car. My next car, I want to get that. We'll see.
Anyhow, speaking of making your own music, Rock Band is going to be getting a new rock band network. This is pretty interesting because this is coming exclusively to the Xbox 360, at least for now.
It's kind of like, I guess you could say, to make a long story short, it's kind of like XNA, but for rock band songs.
This is all from a report from Billboard Magazine.
Apparently anyone, if you're in an independent band or if you're on a major label, if you want to get your song into rock band, you'll be able to essentially take your master versions with this software that's coming out, create your own music files, and then be able to put them in rock band.
After they go through a service that makes sure that the songs are actually playable and have a reasonable difficulty, in other words, not too easy and not too difficult, and aren't stolen.
So they'll all have to go through this kind of peer review service, but you'll be able to charge between 50 cents and $3 and you'll get 30% of whatever the track sales are.
By the way, it's not going to go in the same rock band storefront that exists now. It's like a separate rock band store, but the songs will still load and be playable in rock band.
So very interesting sort of development here, where now anyone can get a song into rock band, essentially.
And then Harmonic says to Activision, and that's how you do it. Seriously, this is way better than the Guitar Hero store, where you can do the custom tracks and that kind of stuff.
Their whole track editor. I mean, this is above and beyond that. Just so much. It's ridiculous.
Granted, it's not free like the Guitar Hero store or whatever, but I think it's willing to be better. And you're going to see a lot of content on there now. Just loads of it.
It's going to be all these bands that you've probably never heard of.
I know. I think you're going to see a lot of crap, but there's some people that are really into indie bands.
And I think where this is going to come in really handy is, let's say you have this indie band who's trying to sell CDs that's doing these concerts in local areas.
Now they can say, hey, check out our song on rock band, and we're going to have flyers at the door that tell you how to get on the store and download our song on rock band.
I think it's just an extra avenue for the struggling artists to make money, which even though 30% of 50 cents is very low, something's better than nothing. That's what they always say.
But I can't imagine this is going to be easy to do, because you're going to have to essentially make your own note charts, is what it sounds like.
The software looks pretty easy to use. You're basically just setting up, you know, you kind of map it out via MIDI and stuff, and you decide where you want your frets to go and that kind of stuff.
And you can do it with the audio and for singing and that kind of stuff as well.
Granted, it's going to take a little bit of work, but when you think about it, it doesn't cost them anything to upload their tracks.
So yeah, they're only making 30% off of it, but you know what? 30% for no cost is excellent. I mean, there's no publishing fees or anything.
And Deathwishing in chat is yelling, fucking punk, I want to see a lot of indie punk.
And you know what, actually, and this kind of ties into something Bobby was talking about on his show tonight, the Bobby Black Wolf show, which is always on before us on All Games Radio at 5 o'clock Pacific Standard Time on allgames.com on Sunday nights, right before we tape.
He was talking about this story, I know, and was actually kind of asking us when we did the little tossover we do at the end of his show, kind of asking us about how we felt about country music coming to rock band.
I know he was talking about all these other different genres. Well, this is going to blow the door wide open on all of that.
Nowhere in here does it say you must put a rock song on the service. Somebody could upload a music file of a kit and drumming, and as long as it's of a reasonable difficulty, you could put it on the service.
That would be awesome. I would like to see some drum and bass songs in there, like something like Pendulum or something.
Is there anywhere in the rules say it has to be a particular type of song? I mean, I think it does say that you can't have, you know, fuck, shit, cock, piss, you know, as your lyrics.
You know, you have to still have a family clean version of the song, but there's nothing to prevent you from doing, you know, the kit and band with their hit single Meow Meow Meow, you know, there's nothing to stop you from doing these type of experimental stuff.
That's awesome. And in fact, I think they need that. And now everybody in the chat room is yelling out, early green day, tons of ska, and so on and so on, you know, and sure, everybody's going to be clamoring for this certain type of thing.
But what this, this opens that up to possibly be a reality, which is kind of cool. You know, what also is cool is that now since Xbox Live has done a good job getting their marketplace online, and you can link directly to things in the store,
how easy is it going to be for an artist to put on their website, click here to go to the Microsoft store and put our song in your queue.
And if you're charging only 50 cents for your song, which would be how many Microsoft points is that?
40.
40 Microsoft points. Okay, so, you know, how many of us don't already have 40 points just kind of left over waiting to be spent?
If you've ever used the Microsoft store before, you know, on Xbox Live, you usually have leftover points. It's part of the annoyance of having to buy clusters of points at a time.
People are going to easily drop the 40 points, just click a button on the computer, and then it'll download next time you power on your Xbox.
I do this all the time, by the way, for demos and things. I'll go on to the Xbox Live store, queue up the things I want to download, and then when I turn on my Xbox, they just come in like magic, which is cool.
And some comments in chat.
ActDef says, meaning I don't have to pay 99 US dollars for the service unless I want to upload songs. Not just anybody can upload songs.
You have to be the copyright owner in order to basically upload the songs.
And the other part I should have mentioned, you do have to be a member of the XNA development community in order to do this.
But they are really selling this. Like, they're going to have its own little specialized little corner of the marketplace and all this stuff where, you know, a rock band developer's community.
Which I do think it's going to be pretty big. I think it's going to be tough to find the gems you want amongst all the garbage that's about to hit on this.
But if artists are smart about linking to the Xbox Live marketplace and making it very easy for you to drop money on their music, I think this has the potential to do very well, especially for a little tiny artist.
And, you know, not necessarily us, because we don't have time to put it into it, but I know there's many websites out there that rate and review all the community games that come out.
And I'm sure they're going to do the same thing when all these independent-
Well, you'll still be able to get the 30-second samples just like you can in a regular rock band, too.
Yeah.
So you can actually listen to the song. And I'm sure most artist websites will have it.
That would be awesome to make, like, a 30-second portion of your song really kick ass and then the rest is just banging pots and pans and that's it.
I think that you, myself, and Dark Soccer should all get a song on Xbox Live Marketplace that is us banging pots and pans together and yelling incoherent lyrics.
Oh, wait, we need a ukulele.
Yes, and a ukulele. We'll get Marissa up here to play some folk music that we'll add our pots and pans banging to. It'll be fun.
Maybe we can look up Mo. I know she hasn't been on the show in a long, long time, but I don't know if you remember Mo, but she came on and sang Still Alive.
Maybe we can get her to sing or something.
Or we can get the Dalek to sing.
Well, no, because that would be copyright.
But we can get Shermy to meow. Tell me this would be epic.
That would be a disaster.
Deathwishing says, this is just what the music industry needed, Rob. I agree.
How about something a little less disastrous, Rob?
Alright, how about it?
Well, you know, Sony's been all, ooh, PSI, it's so cool, it's so cool.
Well, actually, SCEE's head of developer services, Kishi Hirani, was saying that it can actually recognize face and individual feature, that it can, sorry, that it will be able to detect gender, age of face, different facial features, and tell what your expression is.
And they actually did a whole presentation on it, saying that it actually tracks facial movement.
It's supposed to be part of the motion controller demo.
So I actually think that that's kind of neat, because then, like, if they do a game that you can map your features onto your character or something, you can actually map your animations as well.
It'd be almost realistic expression.
Well, I hope they actually do something with this instead of just releasing the demo and just going, oh, well, that was cool.
And that's it, because they had those really cool tech demos where, you know, it was like a lunar lander type of game where you actually draw your landscape and then you go play it and stuff.
And they showed that wonderful tech demo that was, like, combat.
And did those ever come out? No, because they were tech demos, and that was it.
So, awesome, you know, it can detect, you know, faces and stuff, but what the hell are you going to do with it, is what I ask.
I just gave a suggestion of what they could do with it.
Other than, you know, shine it up and shove it up their ass.
Or better yet, when the hell are they going to do something with it, because the last I checked, Home still doesn't have trophy support in it.
What, that was announced, what, how many years ago?
That would be kind of neat if your avatar in Home smiled and frowned as you were smiling and frowning sitting there on the couch or whatever, or your face is just left open agape at the whole hamsters versus humans, you know, type thing.
That would be kind of cool.
But, you know, I always kind of think about how this stuff can be tracked towards exercise gaming, and maybe the game would be able to tell when I am, like, too tired to move on.
Like, you know, like that's the problem with one of these type of exercise games is that, you know, it doesn't really know how you're receiving the exercises, and a personal trainer can kind of tell, like, if you've had enough or if they can push you a little harder.
Games don't know very well how to do that, but maybe, you know, just maybe a game like this could tell based on your expression, like the, oh my god, like, you know, to stop giving you a hard time.
You know something else that actually occurred to me, and they were doing this as communication tools for quadriplegics, you know, especially people paralyzed from the neck down.
And, you know, another thing too, remember the mind controller, I think it was for an Atari system, that it read your facial expression to control the game?
Well, what if they did have games that relied on your expression or special type of interface that you would be able to, like, you know, if you blink to move one way or lean your head to the side to go one way, you know.
How about just a goddamn controller? Is that so difficult?
Why do we got to complicate things?
But, I mean, I was just saying that actually would be something, if they created a kind of interface in a lot of games that would read motion, like for people who really can't play games, you know, who might enjoy it.
Oh, so like making it more handicap accessible.
Exactly.
That might be kind of neat actually.
You know, if it's recognizing the motions of your face, the motions of your head, you could easily lean your head to the side to go one way, lean it to go the other way, lean forward, lean back.
You know, if it's reading eyebrows or your eyes, you can blink to jump or something or stick out your tongue to fart or something, I don't know.
Interesting. Stick out your tongue to fart. Really, Jamie.
I was thinking of a verb.
Okay.
You can do X with this part to do verb.
Dartetsuya in chat says, maybe that's what Nintendo's heart monitor thingy is for.
And I'm assuming he's referring to the exercise gaming.
Perhaps.
That could be part of it.
Yeah, I'm sure Wii Plus, Wii Fit Plus Plus will now support that as well.
Goody gumdrops.
Yeah, unfortunate.
Anyhow, we'll see what kind of games develop with this new technology, but for now we're going to talk about the games that are coming out right now as we travel the world with some release dates.
Yes, and we have wonderful games utilizing technology as well, including Sins of a Solar Empire Game of the Year Edition, which is coming out on PC this week.
Other fun stuff.
G-Force.
Okay, well maybe that's not fun, but it's a game.
G-Force is coming out as well on PlayStation 2, PS3, Xbox 360, the Wii, the DS, and PSP based on the animated hamster, not hamster, guinea pig secret agent movie.
Which, by the way, the PS3 and Xbox 360 are in 3D.
Rock Bandit Country Track Pack is coming out on PlayStation 2, PS3, Xbox 360, and the Wii this week as well.
Also on Xbox 360 we have Watchmen The End is Nigh parts 1 and 2, and Watchmen The End is Nigh Complete on the PS3. Those are available as well.
Little King's Story, which is coming out on the Wii, and got nominated for best role- or not best role-playing game, best strategy game out of E3.
So that one should be pretty good, coming from Exceed.
And, I think there's not too much else here.
Yeah, looks like, of course, you know, it's not necessarily during the week, but Wii Sports Resort.
Actually, that's next week. Never mind, jumping ahead.
That's it. Oh, sorry, I completely missed this.
King of Fighters XII, you know, that's a little bit important. That's coming out on Xbox 360 and PS3.
And the week from today, Wii Sports Resort with MotionPlus will be available as well.
So, that's a big one.
Fun.
Alright, well, let's travel over to Japan and look at some of the Japanese release dates that are coming up.
Guess what? On the Xbox 360, you can finally get the Japanese version of 50 Cent, Blood on the Sand, comes out in Japan this week.
So, if you missed out on that gem, you can finally pick that up over there.
Bethesda is localizing that, I guess, for Japan.
50 yen, Blood on the Sand.
There you go.
Call of Juarez, Bound in Blood, also makes its way to the Xbox 360 this week in Japan.
As well as Devil May Cry 4, getting a price cut this week in Japan as it moves into the Platinum Collection over there.
Moving on to the PlayStation 3, 50 Cent, Blood on the Sand and Call of Juarez also drop there, as well as Devil May Cry 4.
But also, of note, Katamari Damacy Tribute makes its way out in Japan.
So, I'm sure there's some folks looking forward to that.
As well as a game called Toro to Morimori comes out as well.
I'm not sure what this game is.
Oh!
It's to celebrate the Doki demo issue series' 10th anniversary.
The game carries on after the memorable last scene of the first Doki de Mishuu game.
Toro continues to chase his dream to become a human after he left the player.
One day, Kuro tells the white cat about the memory record, which can grant any wish after you fill it with gratitude.
So, off Toro goes to help people.
So, that's a game that you can check out, I guess, if you want, on the PlayStation 3.
That's a very, very Japanese game.
It looks kind of cute. I'm trying to figure out what kind of game it is.
It looks very kind of adventure-like.
You know, I always thought that cat looked like he was straight out of, you know, Animal Crossing.
Hey, the game?
Wasn't that cat based off of doing emoticons and ASCII art?
It could be. It looks like it.
Yeah, I think it's the cat that was done off of that.
Hey, it comes with a clock for the PSP as well.
Oh, I have to have that. I love stuff that comes with stuff.
Exactly, right?
With stuff. Inside stuff.
Hey, well, actually, you know that my, uh, I bought that whole Cardcaptor Sakura Dreamcast thing because it came with a plate.
Nice.
And a fork and a spoon and a pillowcase.
Nice.
On the Nintendo Wii, Punch-Out! gets its release in Japan this week.
I was actually surprised to hear that they didn't have it first.
That kind of surprised me.
Uh, but another game that they got that we don't got, Dragon Ball.
Tekanishi Daibuken comes out this week.
We'll be having that soon enough.
Yes, if you're a big fan of Dragon Ball Z, there you go.
Your very own Wii game.
Enjoy that in Japan this week.
Moving on to the handhelds for a minute.
Actually, going back to PlayStation 2, some games get a price reduction this week.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, Musou Orochi get price reductions this week.
Uh, moving on, though, to the handhelds.
On the Nintendo DS, uh, just some accessories if you like Disney characters.
Mickey, Minnie, and Stitch, just some accessories.
Uh, but there's a new game coming out called Katakyuu Hitman Reborn DS Flame Rumble X.
It's a fighting game on the DS if you want to check that out.
Lastly, on the PSP, as I scroll on my list here to get to the PSP.
Um, just some price reductions.
Again, uh, Katakyuu Hitman Reborn Battle Arena gets a price reduction.
And Musou Orochi also gets a price reduction.
So, enjoy!
There you go, your Japanese release dates.
Let's move over to Europe.
Well, um, it's actually, again, kind of a slow week like last week was.
On the 22nd, we have Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Turtles in Time re-shelled.
Yay!
Um, because that is one of my favorite turtle games ever.
Um, Shatter on the 23rd for PS3 and on the Wii Sports Resort.
Try saying that three times fast.
That's it.
Wii Sports Resort Resort.
See?
That's tough.
Hmm.
Um, so it's interesting.
There's a game that's been out already in Japan, Trash Panic, which is on the PlayStation Network.
It's getting a new version of that game, which is called 100 yen Gomibaku.
And what that is, is it's actually a pay-to-play PSN game.
And basically, it's going to work, you know, very similar to like a coin-up arcade game.
It's going to cost you 100 yen, which is about a dollar, to download.
And then it limits you to only three play sessions, at which point you have to pay another 100 yen to continue playing.
But, if you complete one of the two modes in that game, it unlocks a bonus in the full version of the game.
The steal mode will open up the same mode in the original game.
And clearing normal mode will also open up five home rewards.
And it's kind of interesting that they're putting out a game that you have to continue to pay to play.
I don't know. I wouldn't buy it.
Why not?
Why not? Because they have the other versions available where you just pay one fee, one time.
And, you know, once you're done with that, you can play the game as much as you want.
Haven't people been talking about wanting this type of format for a game for a long time, though? You know what I mean?
I suppose.
You know, on Xbox Live Arcade, wouldn't the consumer really like to see, especially with some of these retro arcade releases that you pay $5 for and then play twice?
Wouldn't it be better to have, you know, a token type system where you just pay a quarter to play it once and then, you know, see if you want to play it again from there?
And if you like it a lot, then you can just buy it.
No. Because that's what the demos are for. And the demos are free.
So why the hell would I pay, you know, even a dollar for a game that I can demo for free and realize if I want it or not?
And you know what? It's my own damn fault if I buy a game that I think I'm gonna like and I play it a few times and then just leave it, you know, to rot in my, you know, game collection.
As I have before with Doom and Duke Nukem 3D and Worms and Pac-Man and Dig Dug and all those other goddamn Namco games and other weird obscure Xbox Live Arcade games that I buy because they're cool and then I stop playing them.
So, you know what? Too bad.
But hey, if you want to, you know, throw away your money like that, I'm sure that, you know, Sony will be willing to take it.
But Sony doesn't release demos for all of their games either. Would you feel differently if you didn't have the demos to go off of?
Yeah, I would feel differently because that would, you know, make me feel like that they're trying to rip me off.
And I don't like being ripped off. And they have a demo for this game.
I don't know. I'm a little bit iffy on it. I think in some ways, you know, demos can be very limiting sometimes.
I mean, some of those demos in Xbox Live Marketplace, you play one screen and you're done.
Like, I would like a feature where I can play, like, a couple times to try to get the achievements, but once I've paid out, like, a dollar, I don't want to try anymore.
You know, I think it would be kind of cool to have a game that kind of rewards you, you know, that I can kind of pay as you go instead of dropping five, ten dollars on it.
And then, you know, I realize this isn't Xbox Live, but I'm making that comparison anyway. Whatever.
Yara should pay me.
Or that. Who knows.
Yara should pay everybody and apologize for its existence.
No, seriously, they should pay the consumer because it's an ad.
And a horrible game. Mainly the horrible game is why they should have to pay out to everybody.
Uh, BlackWolfinChat says, I would say about 90% of my DVD-based game collection I don't play anymore either. Would you consider that a waste of money, too?
No. Because you don't play it anymore. You did play it at a time. You don't just buy stuff and not play it.
And who cares, you know?
I've had those games I played, like, once.
Okay, Fusion Frenzy 2, case in point. I bought that game.
I still have a wrapped version of Galarian's Ash.
Wow. Played Fusion Frenzy 2 once, said to myself, the fuck was I thinking? And never played it again.
Yeah, I could've told you that.
Whatever. Oops.
And I wanted to play through Galarian's Ash because you made people's heads explode.
Well, then you should have played it.
Well, maybe I will. I still have it.
And I have an old PS3.
You can always go back someday. I guess that's the thing.
I actually have an old PS3, so it'll play it.
I mean, seriously, nowadays with the internet and everything, I mean, hell, even back in the days where it was just gaming magazines,
I mean, you're not completely oblivious to whether a game is good or not.
You have sites revealing them. You have friends that have played them.
You can try demos. You can hear the buzz about it.
It's just, you know, I don't think this pricing model, unless you're just going to put out these games and have no ability to buy them,
and you just pay 25 cents or whatever, a pop. But even then, arcade games are meant to take your quarters.
I know that. And you know what? I'm not going to play a PC game that's meant to take my quarters.
That's like playing an indie casino. I mean, that's just going to take my money.
Bobby goes on in chat. Bobby Black Wolf says,
But it's a waste of money to buy an XBLA game that you only played a few times and then not anymore?
Sounds like a double standard, just saying.
Yeah, it is a waste of money to buy an XBLA arcade game that you're going to play a couple times.
But you know what, though? I mean, if you think that you got your money's worth out of it, then that's fine.
But let's take, for example, if you were to play the arcade version of Contra or some difficult shooter like that.
Okay, I die quite often in those games. Frustrating level. So there goes my dollar really quick.
And then by the time I actually play it enough, that would be like buying the game all over.
I don't know. I don't see the point of really... unless maybe as a bonus or something, if you did really well in the game,
then you would unlock the full game or something like that and you'd keep it. Like, you know, kind of gambling almost.
Black Wolf goes on. I want to move on topics, but I'll read this other little debate here.
Okay, so XBLA game that you played a couple of times equals waste of money.
DVD-based game that you played probably six times as much and only played a couple of times equals not a waste of money.
No, it's still a waste of money.
I think, though, sometimes you go into these games and you look back and you go,
wow, I really wasted my money. That's how I feel about BitBoy. I paid six bucks for that game and I'm like,
you know what, this game, that was a waste of money.
Or like Left 4 Dead for me. I bought the game and I considered it a waste of money because I don't have time to play it
and I just don't really want to play it right now.
But that's just the risk of entertainment sometimes, that you're not always going to be entertained.
For instance, I've gone to a play that I spent 30, 40 bucks on tickets for and was not entertained and was like,
well, that was a waste of money. By the way, it was the Jesus Christ Superstar production here in Sacramento.
It was terrible years ago. Let's see, what else was it? Movies all the time. Oh my God, there's so many movies.
You pay $10 to go see the movie and then you're like, wow, that was a waste of my time.
Especially when movies cost as much as they do, that's really tough when you pay that much to see a movie and then it sucks.
And then add the food cost into that as well. That can be quite an investment.
And I even think you get more of a value out of a video game than you do in a movie.
No, see, now I knew you were going to say that because, oh, an Xbox Live Arcade game, you get X number of hours of entertainment out of.
In a movie, you get two hours of entertainment for the same price.
Go ahead.
But my thing is, though, is that's apples and oranges.
I mean, a movie, you're going to be entertained at some level. I mean, you're not going to be retarded and actually just go to a movie that you're not going to like.
And with a movie, if you really, really don't like it, you could probably go back to the front counter and get your money back.
You'd be surprised. I've gone to movies where I let friends or significant others pick the movie and I didn't like it.
Well, that's your fault for trusting someone else's judgment and letting them steer the vehicle, I guess.
But that's like letting my wife pick a movie or something like that sometimes.
You know, and here's the thing, though, is that some movies, yes, you can get more of a value out of DVDs.
You know, there's some DVDs like Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion or Clue.
I've easily watched those DVDs, or Rocky Horror Picture Show, shit, I've watched those DVDs easily 20 times each.
You know, I would definitely say I got my money's worth out of those.
Just like some video games, I probably only spend a little bit of money on.
The original Geometry Wars, $5. Oh my god, I spent so much time on that game, right?
Or Super Mario Kart back on the old Super Nintendo.
But then there's other games I bought that I played a couple times where I was like, you know what, I didn't get the value out of it.
But that, like, what are some games I bought and played one time on Xbox Live Arcade?
Cloning Clyde, I think I played once and I bought it.
You know, eh, probably not the best choice to spend my money.
But that's part of the risk.
It really, when you look at it, I mean, it's good for them to try different price models.
It's bad if they're going to try to force you into those other price models.
You know, opening options is a good idea, but forcing you down really ridiculous options, that's another thing.
And the way I see this game is more of like a bonus game that you can play to unlock other stuff in the other game.
So it's kind of like an add-on that you just pay to play.
Alright, well let's move on past this topic.
I just, you know, I think there's a lot more to be seen on this topic.
It really depends on how some of these other games do.
It's going to be interesting to see the precedent that some of these things might set.
Anyhow, let's move on to another story.
And speaking of places you might go to buy games, Microsoft apparently is going to be launching retail stores this fall.
That's right, you know, I have the Apple store in the mall.
Guess what's coming? The Microsoft store.
Apparently the first stores are going to be launching this fall.
I haven't heard where yet, but I guess they're coming.
And I don't know if that means you can actually take your Xbox 360 in there and get it repaired.
That would be kind of cool though, wouldn't it?
Ambitious though, don't you think?
No, I doubt it that you would be able to repair it at the store.
But they are opening up storefronts.
And just in time for Windows 7, right?
Yeah.
So, I guess, let's see, this was confirmed at the worldwide partner conference in New Orleans by the chief operating officer, Kevin Turner.
But they haven't, I still don't see where the first store is going to be.
I bet you though one of them is in Seattle.
Yeah, probably.
That's probably a gimme.
Probably like Seattle, San Francisco, New York, L.A.
You know, major cities.
Well, competition is healthy, right?
Exactly.
By the way, something else to note, Microsoft had actually hired a former Walmart executive, David Porter.
And he's going to be the corporate vice president of these retail stores.
That move was made back in February.
So you've kind of seen this coming for a long time.
I think these stores could be interesting.
I think competition is healthy.
I think especially, you know, as much as I do enjoy Apple and I like the iPhone and stuff, I do think some of their shit is obscenely priced.
And when you get out there in the mall, a laptop that's $400, like the one that I bought at Fry's, although sadly in a Microsoft store at the mall, they're probably not going to go that cheap.
But when you get these really cheap laptops next to the Apple laptops, it's going to really drive competition, I think, a little bit.
Just a little.
I've been in Apple stores a few times.
My God, and you didn't melt?
Yeah, I almost did.
Short exposures.
But I hated being in them.
They're blinding.
I hated being in them because it reminded me of the whole Gateway PC stores that they used to have.
Basically, you go in and you have to make an appointment to be helped.
I'm sorry. That's crap.
Because they're so popular.
Oh, we'll hire more employees in.
Seriously.
Oh, well, you can't blame us if the demand's really high.
Oh, well, fuck you. Hire more employees.
Well, look, I feel-
If a restaurant is short staffed, do you go back to that restaurant when you have to wait to be served?
Fuck that shit.
I do.
If the food's really good, I do.
If the food's really good, I'll go.
Okay, well, if they dress the food up really nice but the food is actually really inferior to cheaper food-
No, I wouldn't go back to that restaurant.
Okay, good.
I'm glad you see things my way.
Anyhow, but this is an opinion, not a fact.
But anyway, you know what, though?
I think one thing that I do like about the stores, despite your complaint about them, I like the place that there's a place you can take your apple into to get fixed up.
That there's a place where they have these classes that show off how to use the Apple hardware and software.
I think it's kind of neat that it ends up being a centralized place for Apple, despite the fact that the stores might charge a little more than you might find if you would just shop around.
And the fact that they blind you, it's not a bad concept.
They really do blind you.
Wait, why would you need classes to use an apple?
I mean, I thought it was supposed to be user-friendly.
Look, I'm talking about, like, not me. I'm talking about older people that want to- or some of the software that they put out for it.
Like, maybe you've always wanted to use GarageBand, but you're just not sure how to begin, and it's not like you're going to read the manual.
I think it's kind of cool that you could take a class on that.
You know what, if we're going to make our Pots and Pans song, we're going to need an audio maker to do it, so we might have to use GarageBand, Loki.
No, we're not.
Adobe makes a really good program already.
Fine, fine, fine.
I love Creative Suite for-
I'll have to take a class on it, because I don't know how to use it.
I know how to use it. Adobe Audition, that's it.
Well, yeah, but this is the program that they replaced Audition with, and it works just the same.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah.
Well, we use it to tape our podcast, but that's it. Anyway.
Alright, so I'm curious to see what happens with these retail stores. I will definitely check them out when they're available.
All this new stuff's getting on my nerves.
Why is that?
Just... my poor brain is... living in a cave.
Living in this economy, though, it's nice to hear about stores opening up as opposed to stores closing.
I sort of have a feeling that it's not going to last.
And you know what, though? A Microsoft store going into a mall, that's one less spot that they can put a Hot Topic.
Whatever.
They can only have one Hot Topic per hour.
Or Cinnabon.
You know they're going to have.
Hey, I like Cinnabon. That's delicious.
Did you know, by the way, at Walmart this week, I was actually at Walmart, and I was looking at candles.
They have candles that smell like Cinnabon.
That's just a horrible cock tease right there.
It needs to be real Cinnabon.
But you can get the Cinnabon or like the Snickerdoodles.
I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
Actually, at Cracker Barrel, the last time I was...
Which we don't have here.
But they had a Cinnamon Monkey Bread scented one, which is like super delicious.
Monkey Bread's hecka good.
You can get that at the grocery store.
Anyway, sorry. Orange Lounge Foodio. Let's move into the classic game of the week.
It's the part of the show where we like to take a trip down memory lane.
And Dark Sakura picks a game that she thinks, you know what?
You guys should all be playing this game.
Why the hell are you not playing this game?
God, really?
It's the classic game of the week.
And I believe tonight, in a little bit of a twist, it's the classic games of the week, correct?
Yes.
Alright, so Dark Sakura, tell us what games you gotta be playing this week.
Well, it really is specifically to one game, but I have to mention the rest of the series.
So I'm starting it off with Crush Pinball.
It actually all starts with Alien Crush, which still is probably the better of all of that series.
Sorry, there's a little bit of background noise in this particular movie.
There's music here.
Wasn't Extra Per Addicted a good idea?
Yes. Yes, very much so.
They released a remake, I think, too. I don't remember that.
We'll do that.
Alright, sorry.
But yeah, this one is, we'll start off with Alien Crush, which basically, it's a pinball game.
It, you know, it actually seems almost like it was themed off of Alien, but you're fighting the aliens with a pinball and you have to smack them down.
You've got your flippers, your multi-levels, hidden rooms, different things.
And you can also play two different music tracks and you have a fastball or a slowball.
Really, it's very simple.
The sequel to this was Devil's Crush.
It's like pinball.
It is pinball. It's just a, you know, video pinball.
It's the joke.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, really.
This one is, though, Devil's Crush, or as it was in Japan, Devil Crash, was the next in the series.
It had an occult theme. It has demons and skeletons and everything.
It also is on Virtual Console, as is, yeah, as is Alien Crush is also on Virtual Console.
The Mega Drive version was called Dragon's Fury and that did get a release and it had a sequel.
I'm playing some Devil's Crush right now.
Okay.
The Mega Drive sequel was Dragon's Revenge, which actually we just found out our cart died, so we have to find another one of it.
I thought this one had some cool music.
But, um, Devil's Crush.
And then there was one that we never got in America that I have actually played. I have played it at somebody's house.
I do not remember when or who, but I know I have played it.
And it's called Jockey Crush. J-A-K-I.
And it came out on the Super Famicom in 1992 and this one has very Super Nintendo music.
Listen to a little.
It's probably too violent for Nintendo standards. It does have that kind of demon-y sort of look.
Well, in the background of the stage there's actually a type of ogre called a jockey.
It really is very heavy on the demon theme with this one.
But it's really fun. I actually really remember liking this game a lot.
And it's a little on the difficult side from what I remember.
After that, now also, by the way, I did go looking for this on eBay and it was $54.
Which I considered.
After that, though, we got a WiiWare version, Alien Crush Returns.
And that one is...
I'm trying not to make noises in the microphone.
But it's a somewhat sequel remake to Alien Crush.
Which is considered definitely part of the Crush series.
You use the Wiimote with this one and so you can tilt the table and you have action balls.
Which just makes me laugh, all kinds of stuff.
And you have a six-stage story mode and boss battles and online multiplayer and leaderboards.
So it's pretty neat.
This game's kind of freaky.
Yeah, that one's actually really cool.
I do remember... Actually, we might want to link the chat room on this particular video.
Because this is actually, I think, one of the graphically better Super Nintendo titles.
You see how the...
I really think it's a fantastic, fantastic game.
I just linked it there in chat, by the way.
But it really had a lot to do with it. It was fairly difficult, as I recall.
I've only played it twice, but I do remember playing it.
Alright.
So yeah, it's definitely all about Crush Pinball.
Really, people with a Wii, you have no excuse not to...
Unless you're dirt poor, then why do you have a Wii?
But Alien Crush and Devil's Crush, you can get on the Wii.
You can get the remake Alien Crush Returns on WiiWare.
Jackie Crush emulator.
I really have no problems saying get a SNES emulator and play it.
It's really worthwhile playing.
And then, of course, there's all the Mega Drive versions.
So really, there's multiple ways to play any of the games in the series.
I say go for it.
Alright.
And I'm sure X-Tifer will agree.
Yes. There you have it, guys.
He played a lot.
He played a lot.
Every day I came home from work, he was playing freaking Alien Crush.
Not even the remake, the old school TurboGrafx one when I downloaded it on the Wii.
There you have it, guys.
Your classic game of the week is the Crush series, starting off with Alien Crush.
Enjoy.
Or don't.
See if we care.
Alright, we're going to come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio after a quick break
with some rapid fire news and some more discussion,
including our independent developers being shut out of Xbox Live Arcade.
Make way for the Avatar premium clothing.
We're going to be talking about some of those changes to Xbox Live when we come back for a quick break.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to more of Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday night, July the 19th of 2009,
where we are taping episode number 332 of our little show that we do here every week.
We tape live on All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
If you want to join in the fun, we started taping Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time,
9 o'clock Eastern Standard Time.
We talked a lot about some of the other gaming news going on in the world in our last section,
including news about the Conduit being easy and not selling much, being easy to hack, that is.
We talked about the Rock Band Network, talked about Microsoft retail stores,
and now we're going to talk about some rapid fire news so quickly,
some stories that we're not going to spend a whole lot of time on but want to get out there anyway.
Alright, Fallout 3 PlayStation download content didn't quite come out during June,
but now will be coming out by the end of September.
This was an announcement from the PlayStation blog saying that, of course,
the content is releasing later than originally expected, and to make up for it,
they're going to have the first two download packs will be Point Lookout and Mothership Zeta,
which is the brand new, actually the last, I think, download content coming to Fallout 3.
Also, something else coming to the PlayStation Network would be PC Engine games.
Yes, they're kind of pulling a little bit of a virtual console there.
Sony has announced that four PC Engine or Turbografx-16 titles
will be coming to the store actually last week,
and this would include Bomberman 94, New Adventure Island,
Sengoku, Mahjong, and Devil's Crush, each for 600 yen.
Kind of ironic that we were just talking about Devil's Crush, actually.
And then finally, Sony has trademarked Ad Hoc Party in the US,
and Ad Hoc Party was a service originally only available in Japan,
and basically it would allow PSP owners to play Ad Hoc games over the internet.
Usually Ad Hoc games, of course, obviously only can play with people in your same room.
But now you'll be able to play with your friends over the internet, which is pretty awesome.
Because we used to get it on with the Ad Hoc gaming with the PSP Grand Theft Auto titles.
That's kind of cool. So any PSP title that has Ad Hoc play, you'll now be able to do on the internet?
Yes.
That's actually kind of good. That's really good for the PSP.
Yeah.
That's cool. But you'd have to have your PlayStation 3 on while you do it or something?
Yes.
That's cool. I like that idea.
Alright, well, let's go through some more rapid-fire news, including for our music game fans.
I'm sure you're still following BeatMania 2DX.
Well, BeatMania 2DX Empress is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2.
Keep in mind it is a Japanese series only. They don't come out here in America.
A lot of our hardcore music game fans, they import them.
But the important news about this, it is the last BeatMania coming to the PlayStation 2.
Honestly, I'm surprised it is coming to the PlayStation 2.
It is very interesting, and I don't know if that means maybe future versions will come out on another console.
I don't know. But Konami is going to be releasing the game with what's called a Premium Best Disc set.
It contains new songs and tracks, especially for the home version.
180 songs on this, so if you're a BeatMania fan, this is probably the version to get,
because I'm assuming this is just going to be going out to PlayStation 2 with a bang.
By the way, it should be noted though, this isn't the last game that's coming out in arcades.
BeatMania 2DX 17 Serious, like the satellite radio, not why so serious,
but BeatMania 2DX 17 Serious has actually been location testing.
You mean like the Dogstar?
Yes, that's really where it gets its name from.
Probably most people know it as satellite radio.
And not for like, seriously, they're releasing a 17th version of this game?
Well, it's interesting though, I hadn't heard of any hardware upgrades,
so if this series is coming out to PlayStation 3, I don't know what's going to happen in the future.
But anyhow, BeatMania 2DX 16 Empress and Premium Best is going to set you back 7,980 yen.
That's 86 bucks on October 15th in Japan, so plan on paying about $99 to import it over here probably.
Marvel vs. Capcom is going to be coming out on PlayStation Network.
The date was a little bit of a mystery, but now we know.
August 13th and $15 is how much it's going to set you back on the PlayStation 3.
That's a full two weeks, by the way, after the Xbox Live Arcade version.
Sad.
By the way, this is also going to be the same date that a retail version of the game comes out.
It's $5 more, but apparently the DVD that the game comes on will have some wallpapers, a manual,
one month of free access to what they call Marvel Digital Comics, and 2,000 Capcom Unity points.
However, it should be noted that the retail pack not confirmed,
but that is the date that the retail pack was rumored to be coming out.
Hey, some rewards if you're a Nintendo member.
Finally, we were waiting for some of this stuff from Japan, but now there's some good stuff coming out over here.
If you're a Platinum member, you can actually get a downloadable version of Punch-Out called Doc Lewis's Punch-Out.
Yes, you want to fight your trainer?
He won't just steal your bike. He will knock you out.
And also a Mario hat. You can actually get a replica of the Mario hat that you can wear to cons everywhere up and down the coast.
That WiiWare game will be leaked out the same day.
If you're a Gold member, you can at least get the Club Nintendo original calendar.
It's a little wall calendar. You can get something kind of cute.
So there you go. If you're a Platinum or a Gold member.
Now, I'm not sure exactly what you have to do to qualify for each one.
I imagine it just depends on your purchases.
It's just how many points you get from that.
You know, I was registering all my Nintendo purchases on Nintendo.com a while ago.
It requires you also to register purchases to review the games that you've done.
You know, answer little surveys and then add other surveys available that you could do.
Interesting. Well, hey, free game. Not going to complain.
I wonder if you have to own the original Punch-Out to...
No, it's a WiiWare game.
Cool. So maybe I'll check that out.
Because I never did buy Punch-Out on the Wii, although maybe I ought to. I don't know.
Well, there you go. Some rapid-fire news from me. Jamie?
Well, there's a Swedish group called Opeth that said on their website that...
They basically said that there's going to be a PSP version of Saints Row because their music is being featured in it.
They're quoted in saying, expect it to hit streets around March 2010.
THQ hasn't said anything about this.
I'm not surprised. They were working on a PSP version of the game, I think since back to the original Saints Row.
Maybe even Saints Row 2, but I know that was coming, so that's awesome.
Well, guess what's coming back. Where's Waldo?
Aw, I was hoping it was Pet Rocks.
No. There is actually Where's Waldo? The Fantastic Journey.
So you look for Waldo and his buddies and stuff in the books.
And it has four multiplayer mode power-ups, so you can actually hide what you're looking for from the other people and different things.
And it's in development for PC, Mac, Wii, and DS.
Will you get to find Wilma too?
Yes, probably. I think you can find a bunch of different things.
I've actually seen screenshots for it, and it's exactly what you would think.
Where's Waldo? But a digital version of it.
You know what's funny? I actually played this game, and I'm still looking for a good game.
It's supposed to be coming out in September.
Also, for some news on Dragon Quest IX, the rumor is that there's going to be some downloadable content.
It was actually hinted about from a rumor from NeoGAF that said it was supposed to be involved in that, and that it was going to be big, but oh well.
You know what's funny? I would definitely think Where's Waldo is going to be the game of September.
Screw Beatles, Rock Band, Guitar Hero 5, Halo 3, ODST.
I'm so glad they're making a sequel to Where's Waldo that was on the Super Nintendo.
I don't know if you've ever played this game. Fucking garbage. It is the most garbage.
Actually, I've played games that were less fun than Where's Waldo, Yaris being one of them.
But there are games that are really bad. Where's Waldo ranks among the worst.
What ever happened to the good Adver games?
There were good Adver games?
Yes, there was. Cool Spot. Remember Cool Spot?
Okay, Cool Spot. Okay, I'll give you that.
That was an awesome game. Yo! Noid was okay. It was a little weird.
I think a game out of McDonalds. McKids was a game.
I don't remember that one. There was a McKids. I know there was.
There was a Domino's game. Oh no, yeah, you said that.
There was a game for, um, uh, what else was there?
There was, um, one other big one I can't think of.
I mean, if you think about it though, half those cartoon games on NES, like DuckTales and all that,
were just Advers for the cartoons. Yeah. And so forth.
Why? There was another one I can't think of. It just escapes me.
I can't think of it. Grrr. Maybe somebody in chat will say.
Although we just had a net split in chat, so maybe they won't say. I don't know. We'll see.
Or maybe they'll say and we'll never find out.
Exactly. Oh well.
So, oh well. Let's move on with some more news. Less Adver gaming and more news.
Yes, let's talk about buying stuff and, you know, Microsoft, we kind of knew this was coming
with the whole premium content for avatars. The Cheetos game. Thank you.
It was a Cheetos game. Really? Sorry. Yep.
There was a Chester the Cheetah game. It was absolute trash, but it was out there.
Well, I was talking about good, you know, tie-in games and, I mean, the cool spot was awesome.
I love that game. Anyways, um, so yeah, premium content's coming for the avatars.
Of course, this is via the avatar store and you will actually be able to purchase new wardrobe items,
including one that they are showing a screenshot for, which reveals a steampunk collection.
And they have different items that you can buy for like $2 each.
And this one made me kind of giggle a little bit. It's a steampunk brown jacket and bust.
And it's funny because she's busty. So, you know, I'm assuming that they're talking about Bussier,
but I'm just going to leave it at bust. So you're actually buying breasts in this as well. That's awesome.
Um, so yeah. Or as Destructoid calls it, Microsoft Moon Dollars. I love that. 160 Microsoft Moon Dollars.
I think that's a joke because they're not really worth anything, you know?
I know, I know.
You just pay them to the evil empire and then hope that they release something you want.
Yeah, so basically you're buying more virtual clothing. And it's neat, I guess.
I mean, after all, I am a person that bought clothing in home.
But to be fair, I'm wearing that clothing forever now. I will be forever Santa Claus.
So that's the way things go.
Aw, Loki. You're forever Santa Claus. That's cute.
By the way, I just wanted to say in chat, hey, you could do some advert clothes. Why not?
But we forgot the most obvious. Dark Tetsuya reminded us of the best advert game to come out in quite some time.
Sneak King. How could we forget?
That was the creepiest crazy shit ever.
They need to do more of that kind of stuff.
I know, they do need to do more of those. I think those were really popular, too.
Actually, I think they were. Were they selling at GameStop for more than the five dollars they cost originally?
No.
I thought they did.
No, they're not worth anything now. In fact, I just sold some of mine back because I wasn't playing them.
Did you really?
Yeah, I have one left that I forgot to sell back.
I bought all three and I played them and I was like, wow, these suck.
So what do you think about paying for clothes on Xbox Live?
I probably won't do it. The only thing that's kind of interesting about this, it's not even necessarily this.
It's basically the reward clothing that you get for certain achievements. That's cool.
Yeah, I like that idea.
This I'm not even interested in. Honestly, I have never changed.
Maybe a couple times changed the clothes on my avatar, but I'm kind of happy with what they are now.
I don't really give a shit.
I tried to go in there and update my avatar and I didn't really see a lot of new stuff that I wanted to wear.
A lot of it's really out there and I like my avatar to kind of look like me, although it really looks nothing like me.
I try to make it at least kind of close.
Dark Soccer's looks a lot like her, actually. It's kind of freaky.
Dan's looks like him.
Loki's doesn't really look like him, either.
It's as close as I could get.
A little bit. It makes it look like you have a lot more facial hair than you actually do.
Yeah.
I think is the weird thing about it. It kind of looks like it. It's darker.
There's no in-between.
Yeah, that's true. That's the problem with it.
Anyhow, I'm cool with the reward clothes, but I wouldn't pay money for clothes.
I mean, what do you really use the avatars for?
Nothing.
On your card, your gamer card, maybe you see it in 1 versus 100. I mean, it's not that big a deal.
I guess there's some games, a few games that use them, but not really.
And who cares? No one's gonna go,
Oh my god, your avatar is poorly dressed.
Shame.
SSJ100Matt says, Rangers jersey, please.
That's actually kind of a good point. What about these sports jersey tie-ins?
That might be kind of cool, like to wear your favorite team,
just like a lot of people actually do wear that stuff, right?
Well, good for them, but I'm not buying it.
Steampunk clothing? I'm sorry, my character does not need a bust.
No bust for my character.
No bust for you.
Alright, moving on to some more news. Speaking of Xbox Live Arcade,
apparently there's some mumbling going around that indie games are being closed out of Xbox Live Arcade.
This came from a report from Screenplay talking to some concerned developers.
Apparently Microsoft has been dramatically reducing the number of independent titles published on Xbox Live Arcade.
I guess the whole crackdown on independent games is a response to folks saying that there is just too much available on the service.
The major publishers are actually behind this saying that,
Well, you aren't giving enough attention to our major games because you're spending time promoting these indie games.
Indie developers, also a little sad because they think there are two different sets of rules for publishers,
one being for indies and one being for major publishers.
Microsoft has responded to the accusations. It took them a little while, but they did respond and say,
Xbox Live is a great supporter of independent game development.
Xbox Live Arcade is home to some of the biggest games to come out of the IGF,
including N Plus, Braid, and Castle Crashers.
Our biggest annual program, Summer of Arcade, includes Splosion Man from the Twisted Pixel Studio,
and we're releasing Madballs and Babo Invasion this week.
In addition to our support of indie games on Xbox Live Arcade,
we've also drastically reduced the barriers for developers to distribute a game on Xbox 360 through the Xbox Live indie games,
and we've made development easier with XNA Game Studio.
The result is that more and more indie developers are distributing their games to the Xbox Live community.
There are currently hundreds of games available on the Xbox Live indie games, with more coming every week.
And honestly, I see the point where they're kind of being shut off, but at the same time,
if they market themselves right, they could actually release a game through community games,
and it could be the same quality.
I mean, there's some really good games on there.
The problem is there's a lot of really crappy games on there as well, and it kind of gets buried in all that.
As we mentioned, part A, now you can link to your downloads and stuff like that in your blogs.
I mean, there's a lot of ways they can market themselves, but I think they want Microsoft to kind of do the marketing for them,
and maybe they should if Microsoft's getting so much money from it,
but at the same time, it's not like they're completely being blocked out of it.
Just because it's not on Xbox Live Arcade doesn't mean it can't be up on their service.
You know, I do think Microsoft is a little bit in the right here.
Certainly they're doing more than Nintendo or Sony's doing, although it does seem Nintendo does get a lot of indie games on it.
I mean, yeah, they get a lot of indie games on it, but is Nintendo actually promoting those indie games?
It's really the indie games that are promoting themselves on there.
That's true. That's very true. How do you hear about any of those games? You don't.
Through the blog, Nintendo doesn't do a lot to sell those games, besides just put them on the marketplace.
Or, you know, send out the email, here's the stuff on the virtual console we wear. Big deal.
So I think to some extent Microsoft's in the right there, but at the same time,
what about, I thought there was supposed to be that the really big, great indie games would cross over into being full-blown Xbox Live Arcade games.
Whatever happened to that? Because you still can't get achievements out of indie games.
Some of them are. I mean, like, uh...
What? What's crossed over?
The, uh... Dishwasher. That one crossed over. There was, um...
Oh, there was another one that was, like, a winner that GameCon is saying. I can't remember.
I know there's a couple that have crossed over, but it's pretty cool.
Oh, the Aegis Wing? That was free? Was that one?
Uh, no, not that one.
That was before XNA.
Yeah, that was something else. There are some other ones that won.
But I know the community games, there's a few that actually get spotlighted.
Like, Carnivale Showtime or whatever. Remember that one I was talking about a long time ago?
That's actually being shown off at PAX now, and they're little indie games things, so...
I'm almost wondering if something like that's going to Xbox Live Arcade.
But I don't see at the same point why they should re-release them on Xbox Live Arcade.
They should be able to just, like, move them over, link them or something, or... I don't know.
Put achievements in them and maybe polish it a little more and then be done with it, right?
Yeah.
But I do think that's one thing. You know, I do feel like indie games are just kind of there.
I don't think they're promoted very well.
Yeah.
But, you know, they are doing, I think, more to promote them than other places.
I mean, I don't know if Sony is promoting them. Well, hell, they don't really have that many indie games.
I mean, they do have some indie games on their PlayStation Network servers, but it's not like you're getting a flood of games coming out from them.
It's like one or two a week, maybe, if you're getting a release every week. Whereas there's hundreds of community games.
Yeah. So, I don't know. I think Microsoft certainly does more for indies than most other folks do.
I don't think people should complain too much.
You know, I've heard this thing about, you know, there's only so many spaces that Xbox Live has to put these independent games in.
There's so many people developing for Xbox Live Arcade.
Well, maybe some of this should be developed as disc games or, you know, a step further.
But I guess, you know, at the same time, that's expensive. How indie is that?
Why not do collections? You know, the monthly pick or something.
Could be.
SJ100Matt brings us a story from, you know, a community developer we've had on this game a couple times before.
Aaron from Snake360 paid a lot of money and tried hard to promote his game.
But the fact of the matter is, many of the big sites, magazines, and everywhere else think all XNA games aren't good.
Yeah, that's unfortunate.
And I guess in the next scene, XLink says a vote system.
I guess that's what's coming in the next version of Xbox Live.
The dashboard, they've talked about that they're going to have voting on not only the community games, but the regular games too.
Which should be interesting. Although, I don't know, I think those voting systems can be abused.
You know, if it's like Dig, it can be abused. It's just who's the most popularist, right?
Yeah.
Fear of the Claw, though, says this, the point of being indie is to find mythical treasures.
The point of being indie is to get yourself out there.
You know, play on the word indie.
But I get what he's saying is that, you know, getting yourself out there is a big part of it.
So, to be continued, I'm sure. Anyhow, our show is to be continued, right, Darsarha?
Oh, absolutely. We do have a little bit more in the way of news.
Well, it's not really news. It's something that we all knew and have been saying and they finally admitted.
Ryota Nitsuma, who is the assistant producer on the arcade version of Street Fighter IV,
said that there are two fighters who were disproportionately powerful.
And he actually, to quote him, says, well, first of all, I might have to apologize.
Does he involve being slightly blinded and scarred?
And so, actually, he said that Seth and perhaps Sagat are two overpowered characters in the game,
but a skilled player can still beat them.
I wouldn't call them overpowered other than cheap.
Cheap, I think, goes with the overpowered thing.
It's more that they are, I would say, just for skill level, that it would require a higher amount of skill level
than it would to fight any of the other characters.
The final boss should be hard, but I agree, he's way too freaking hard.
Seth is a cheap-ass mofo. Yeah, he's way too hard.
Yeah.
I think also the boss in Tatsunoko vs Capcom.
God!
Oh my god, cheap.
The fucking Happy Fun Ball?
Yeah.
Ugh.
I agree with that.
End of the fight three times, which makes it three times as awesome or frustrating.
However, you want to look at that.
Interesting, though, that they've come out and admit it.
Like, a lot of times, people are like, no, my game is perfect. Nothing's wrong with it.
Yeah, we got fucked up.
Don't.
Well, fix it, then.
Put out a patch for the home versions.
I mean, you've got some of them online. Do it.
Ah, but that means you've got to do work. No.
We've already sold a jillion copies. Why should we bother?
Yes.
Well, I have to quote Dark Tetsuya saying that hopefully the Happy Fun Ball is toned down a bit for the US version.
And I do agree with SSU-100 Matt, Gil is still a big bitch.
Alright, let's move on.
Yes. So, kind of interesting, there's now a rumor, or not really a rumor, I guess it's an internal memo,
Canadian retailer Zellers has put out a memo, apparently, internally in their store chain,
that they're going to be no longer stocking the 80 gig PS3 core bundles.
That would be, of course, the system by itself.
It says basically that they are not to take rain checks on an advertising deal allowing customers to purchase an 80 gig core bundle with any PS3 game under $30 for $380 after a $20 discount.
And I'm assuming that's $380 Canadian.
And apparently, the memo also says that the rain checks can't be accepted because the company cannot promise to fill them with the same item.
So basically saying more or less that they're not going to be available and that they're phasing them out.
And basically a big neon sign that says the PS3 Slim is true, so shut up with these rumor stories.
In fact, I don't want any more stories about the PS3 Slim being a rumor.
It's confirmed. If this doesn't confirm it, I don't know what does.
It is true. It's happening.
Yes. It's happening. I know it's happening.
So I don't want to hear this nonsense about a rumored PS3 Slim. It's happening.
It's just a matter of Sony to reveal date and price. That's it.
Well, you do. I don't know if this is one of the stories, but for the games conference in, I think it's in Germany, wherever, Europe.
Leipzig?
Not anymore. I think it's somewhere else.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Anyways, games conference. Sony has booked three hours for talking their keynote or whatever that's going to be there.
Geez.
Could maybe this be something that they're talking about?
You think?
PS3 Slim?
Why not take it to a country that's received the PlayStation a little better than the US? This is why we didn't hear about it at E3.
They're waiting to announce it for Europe.
At the price point of $800.
Let's hope not.
They wouldn't get it.
That would be just... Oh god. I bet something stupid like that does happen.
Let me put it this way. The PS3 Slim is coming out like the sun rises every day, okay? It's without fail.
And if we've learned anything from Sony rumor stories, it's that most of the time they come true.
Especially if you hear them over and over and over.
It's true. I mean, if this isn't confirmation, what is?
Gee, we have to get rid of the 80GB bundles because we're not going to be getting any more in.
And we can't ever guarantee that we're going to be able to replace them because they're just not being made anymore.
I wonder why?
Didn't we say a couple weeks ago on this show?
Sony's going to start clearing stuff out when it's time to get a new bundle out there.
When is the Eurogame conference?
A few weeks, I think.
So there you go.
It's happening.
It just might not happen in the US first.
Something else to think about? Maybe it's happening in Europe first.
No, it will happen in the US.
We'll see.
Well, one thing that will be happening everywhere is PopCap announcing Bookworm Adventures 2.
That is coming out on July 30th.
I remember Bookworm Adventures.
Yeah, Bookworm Adventures is kind of neat.
It's kind of like a role-playing game meets Boggle.
I guess is the best way I can describe it.
You make these words out of a Boggle-style board.
And depending on how long you make the words and what kind of special gems and things you use in the words,
you attack monsters that approach you.
So it's a little bit role-playing-ish.
Although I wouldn't say there's a world map or anything like that.
Why hasn't this come to the DS yet?
I'm actually kind of surprised we haven't really seen this anywhere but the PC.
Nowhere. We haven't seen it on Xbox Live.
We haven't seen it on Facebook. We haven't seen it anywhere.
Kind of interesting.
But yeah, it's going to be released on July 30th.
$19.99 is how much it's going to set you back.
So there it is.
There's also a free trial available on PopCap.com.
And yeah, if you haven't played the original, it's fun.
And they haven't said exactly what's new about the sequel,
but I'm imagining more items, more monsters, more special things.
More of the same.
But new and improved at the same time.
So that's what's coming to Bookworm Adventures 2.
That could be fun.
Let's get our very own Bookworm Dark Sakura to jump into the mailbag and do some reading.
Do I gotta?
You gotta. It's our mailbag section we do here every week on Orange Lounge Radio.
When you send your emails to mailbagatorangeloungeradio.com.
Well, the first email of the day is really short, and I really don't get it, but I'm going to read it anyway.
Sent to us by one.
It's hot here in California, right? 108 in L.A.
That's a spam. That's a spam.
It is?
Yeah. God damn that spam.
Well, I just figured because we were talking about the heat earlier and it was the last one to arrive.
It's convenient spam.
Yeah. Okay, well then whatever. Fuck you.
Well, maybe it wasn't spam. I'll feel bad if it is, but usually those very short emails and stuff.
Is there an attachment that's an HTML file?
I didn't notice.
It's probably spam if it is. Sorry to the listener if it's not.
Yeah, there was an attachment.
Here, if you want us to know that you're not spam, put OLR or Orange Lounge Radio or something in the title.
Then we'll know.
Please do.
This one comes from Deathwishing.
You guys talked about MechWarrior and I was wondering if you had heard of the BattleMech Firestorm. Tell us applause.
Yes, we have.
Basically, it's MechWarrior 4 put into a huge cabinet to simulate being in the mech. Simply badass.
They are rare, though, and mostly at conventions. You should buy one for the studio. We'll have a new room to put on.
Oh, yeah, okay. I got that money in my butt right here.
We had BattleMech at Dave and Buster's in Milpitas and they took it out.
Because we went for one of my last birthdays and we didn't have it there and Dan died inside.
It was sad.
I got very motion sick playing it and he kept shooting me.
Back in the day, I used to play lots of BattleTech at Virtual World, which is basically the same thing.
They had giant pods you would get into.
Well, also, the next email comes from...
Well, I just want to say, though, it's still not the same as the real mechs we were talking about last episode.
I want a real mech battle arena.
No, like Robot Jocks.
Found my screener for Robot Jocks on VHS.
Death Wishing in Chat says, why would they take it out? Well, because I guess it was expensive.
It was expensive and not enough people were playing it.
Yeah, it's expensive and takes up a lot of space.
Why play that when I can play skee-ball?
This one comes from... You didn't actually sign it, so I'm just going to say Tranman.
No, from Loomis, sorry.
Longtime listener, first time emailer.
Do y'all think we will see less third party games on PSP with the latest NPD results?
It seems to sell a decent amount of hardware monthly, but the software isn't anywhere near the top 10.
It's disappointing to see a game like Rock Band Unplugged sell only 35,000 units, considering the quality of it.
Thanks for taking my email, and I hope to have the courage to call in.
Also, Sky, please upload the podcast sooner.
Best wishes to Loki on the Twins and Hi Dark Sakura.
Hi!
I'll try. I'm really sorry about last week. I explained it earlier in the show, though.
As far as third party games on the PSP, yeah, they keep selling like crap.
I mean, again, what's being done to promote these games?
I don't see a whole lot of great buzz out there.
Although, to be fair, Rock Band Unplugged had probably better buzz than most games out there, so it is kind of sad the game itself didn't do better.
But the PSP has just not, I think, penetrated the greater marketplace as the must-have handheld system for gaming.
I think it's niche as college kids.
Last email.
Hey guys!
This is my first time writing in, and I am excited and nervous, so sorry if this comes out sounding weird.
You sound weird!
I just started listening to your podcast this year, and it has been one of the greatest things I've ever found on the internet.
Gushing aside, listening to you guys seriously brightens up my day.
That sounds like more gushing. Thank you.
I actually wanted to get your opinion on two topics, with the first being buying used games.
Rob, I know that you're a staunch proponent for buying games and hardware because it purports the industry and gets people to keep developing.
However, in my case, the money just doesn't exist for me to buy new games most of the time, so I buy mainly...
I think you missed a word.
So I buy mainly used and then new when I can.
So what kind of effect do you think used game buyers have on the industry since our money isn't going directly to the company?
I'll end it with that one for right now.
Oh, I don't think I'm against buying used games. I just don't really do it myself.
I don't really have a good reason why. I guess I just like kind of knowing where the game's been.
I will, though. I usually buy games either when they first come out or not at all, or when they get very, very cheap.
I don't know. I wouldn't say I'm against used game buying. I mean, it's just part of the nature of the entertainment business.
Same thing happens with DVDs. It hasn't killed the movie studios yet, so I'm not against it.
I look at buying used games as sort of ongoing advertising, especially if you're buying something in a series.
Because who knows? You pick up an earlier game, you might like it so much that you might justify the cost of the sequel when it comes out or something to that.
And on top of that, you're indirectly, I think, helping the industry because you're helping the economy.
By keeping cash in, cash out, by keeping the flow of business going, you're eventually putting more money in people's pockets to be able to go out and buy new games.
For lack of a better way to put it.
And with all the download content that's out there now in this day and age, I don't think these companies are going to be particularly bankrupt.
Why do you think companies do this pay-to-unlock crap in the first place?
Why do you think companies do this pay-to-unlock crap in the first place?
Because it's their way of still making a little bit of money even off of used games. Think about it.
Second question is this. What do you think about the concept of a semi-hardcore gamer?
Wait, I've got to read this for the chat. SSG100Matt says you don't buy used underwear, but they sell it at thrift stores.
People do buy used underwear. It's frightening that they also do sell used underwear and vending machines.
You know, myself, I also don't put my dick next to a video game. You know what I mean? Does that make sense?
My second question is this.
Somebody else might have, though, I guess. There's your reason not to buy a used game.
Rob.
What?
What do you think?
I've got balls on it.
Rob!
I'm going to do that. Before I take my games back to GameStop now, I'm going to give them one last goodbye by placing my balls on them.
Rob.
What?
I'm just saying.
Anyway.
Balls on game.
My second question is this. What do you think about the concept of a semi-hardcore gamer?
Do you feel they exist, and if so, why are they often overlooked in gaming discussion and marketing?
I would say I'm a semi-hardcore gamer. I don't really consider myself a hardcore gamer.
Take one look at my gamer score on Xbox Live. You'll see I'm not a hardcore gamer.
I think we actually fit into that category somewhere. We're more like educated gamers.
We enjoy, we're enthusiasts.
I like that word a whole lot. We're enthusiasts.
Yeah, but I don't think we're necessarily hardcore. I think a lot of us between our jobs, our significant others, our other hobbies, we don't have time to play a lot of video games.
But, you know, we play enough. We're somewhere in the middle there.
So yeah, absolutely semi-hardcore gamers exist.
And what was the second part of the question? Do they exist, and if so?
If so, why are they often overlooked in gaming discussion and marketing?
That's a good question. I think a lot of times we loop them into the hardcore category. I know I'm guilty of that on this show.
But I think you can't break things down, especially in media. You can't break things down into too many boxes.
You usually have to have black or white, A or B. You usually don't have discussions about the hardcore, the semi-hardcore, the kind of, I like games a lot, and the people who don't really play games at all.
I say we categorize.
Yeah, well, yeah, that's true too. And I think for a lot of people, especially the semi-hardcore gamers, if you will, they're more hardcore about certain types of games than others.
And that's another reason why I think we fit in this category.
A hardcore gamer, wouldn't a true hardcore gamer play all games no matter what?
I think that actually it has to go more towards hardcore into what you're really into. Like, I would say I'm definitely hardcore into Sims 3 right now.
You know, you were hardcore in World of Warcraft.
You're a hardcore nerd.
So?
But like, I wouldn't say I'm necessarily a hardcore gamer. I don't play Madden or sports games that come out. I'm so stupid in those types of games, you know?
I think it has to do with what you like best, you know? Like, for me, I play Sims all day. Then again, I also am not working and can't really do much with my hand.
But like I said, when you were playing World of Warcraft and you were playing Final Fantasy XI, weren't you fairly gung-ho?
Yeah, pretty much.
You know, it all has to do with what you're into. Like, there's people that live on Evercrack. Oh my god. That's...
All I do is play World of Warcraft. You know, you weren't that bad, but that's hardcore. There's people that live on the internet and end up like the kids in South Park at the end of that episode.
Mom! Bathroom.
But, I don't know. I think that it's not necessarily an overlooking. It's just, also you have to keep in mind that our society tends to work in extremes.
You either...
A or B.
The shades of grey would probably not be cost-effective to market to. So, they go for A or B and hope that, you know, A 2.0 is somewhere in the middle of it, you know?
All those little decimals in between.
Yeah, but I think that answers the question why people don't break down things further into the semi-hardcore, because it's got to be one extreme or the other.
Yeah. It was awesome to get a chance to talk to you guys. Later, MoltenBrown.
Well, thanks for emailing us, dude.
Try not to get some MoltenBrown on your DVDs before you give them back.
Oh, Josh. You're awful, Rob. Awful.
Call in, dude. We'd like to talk to you.
And by the way, I must say, this must be said, that was a very intelligently worded email, and I found no grammatical errors.
Email of the week. A winner is you. Congrats.
Alright. Fear of the Claw says, why are we still discussing testicular insertion instead of video games?
Actually, my last comment was referring to putting your butt on it.
You said putting your balls on it.
I did that, too.
Unless you wipe your balls with-
But MoltenBrown doesn't come from your balls.
Unless someone wipes your balls with their butt or something. That is really disgusting.
Oh, we're laughing because it's funny and we're immature.
Alright, moving on. I think we've disgusted a lot of our listeners tonight, and rightfully so.
I think the listeners are ready for the-
It's not my fault.
The listeners are ready for the FUs of the week. They are definitely ready for the FUs of the week.
Oh, this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is-
This is fucked up.
And once you know, tonight's inspiration comes from World of Warcraft.
That's right, it's an 18-year-old who lives in Greenwood, Indiana, currently being investigated by the FBI for making serious threats on World of Warcraft.
Apparently, on Monday, he said in-game that he was, quote, going to board a plane at 7.30 to Chicago, and that he was going to try and kill as many Americans as possible.
He left some other messages as well. Blizzard notified the authorities, believing the person was serious.
The person who's been charged with this claimed that their account was hacked, but then the kid later owned up, saying it was a joke.
Basically stemming from the belief that the cops would really go to your house if you make serious terrorist threats.
Oops! You were wrong on that one, weren't you, dumbass?
Let's get into the FUs of the week.
My FU goes to my hand for hurting like a motherfucker. Yes, like a motherfucker.
And the reason why it hurts is because I haven't-
With fucking mothers?
Because I had my physical therapy, and the exercises hurt quite a bit.
And also another FU to the suture that was left in my hand, and I understand why it was left in, but it's a pain in the ass.
A pain in the hand, really, I should say. A pain in my palm. I hate it.
Done.
That guy is a stupid, stupid. That's what he is. Sorry. Monkey.
FU to having to volunteer on Friday, because painting a fence in 100 degree weather is totally how I'd like to spend my Friday afternoon.
Just because I'm too lazy to tell them no.
And FU to the weather because it's too hot.
My FU of the week definitely goes to the weather. Fuck the sun. I am dying. Seriously, I just need to sleep or something.
I am feeling so sick right now. I'm gonna keel over and die or something.
Not really, but man, the heat sucks. And what's weird, I've been indoors most of the day.
I guess I was out in the car for a while driving around, but it wasn't that hot.
I've been drinking water. I think I'm gonna get more, though.
I'm gonna sneak out during the next story and get more water, because water rocks.
You want some more lemonade? I made a fresh thing of it.
Okay, yeah, I want more lemonade.
I love having a woman on the show who makes me food and drink.
First and foremost, you have a southern woman and you're in my home.
She is serving me drinks out of a mason jar, by the way, just so you know.
It is natural for me to want to make sure that you guys, as my guests, are taken care of.
And I appreciate it.
So, if you want to blame something, blame Alabama.
Well, thank you Alabama. Now get in the kitchen and get me some pie.
Hey, I'll give you pie. I'll give you a mud pie from the backyard.
Or maybe one of Shermie's cat pies.
I'll give you a pie. 3.14159.
Alright, moving on. Loki, help save our show from the completely immature path that's gone down.
Alright, let's see.
Well, I guess I could talk about this really unique game coming out called Miner Wars.
It's an MMO for the PC and Xbox Live Arcade.
You know, that's something you normally don't see.
It's apparently coming from a software house named Keen.
And I guess their new space shooter MMO, Miner Wars, they're planning on releasing it on Xbox Live Arcade as well as PC.
And it's, I guess, coming... it's supposedly coming out, I guess, autumn 2009. And that's kind of interesting.
So, I don't know. They're saying that the world premiere will be August 2009.
So, I wonder if that's coming out or if that's the first time we're going to see it. Who knows.
But the fact that they're putting an MMO on Xbox Live Arcade would be interesting. I wonder how they're going to do that.
Interesting. And the two are supposed to talk to each other? Is that what I'm understanding right?
That the two games would actually talk to each other through PC people could play on and so forth?
It's something that they'd like to do. And there were probably some compromises, but they're going to try to incorporate it.
Hmm. Interesting.
Yeah, that is pretty cool.
I mean, I guess the concept's cool, though, but doesn't... I mean, like, what if the game itself sucks, though?
I mean, it's kind of one of these, like, I'm reminded of the game I played this week, BitBoy.
It sounded great in writing, and the whole idea of an MMO that's on Xbox Live Arcade and PC is great in writing.
But if the game itself kind of blows, then what can you do?
I don't know. Not much, I guess. But I guess we'll have to find out. Maybe try the demo.
I guess that's true. I guess that means there will be a demo. So at least there's that, if nothing else.
All right, well, we've got one more story for you guys before we open up the Skype line tonight at 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And that story is about a game franchise I'm sure you're excited to see. Murder, She Wrote is getting a franchise.
Really?
It's Murder, She Wrote the game. And, Loki, I know you're saying before the show that didn't they already have these games?
I think you might be getting mixed up with Agatha Christie or the, um...
I thought I'd know it. Literally, I thought they had at least one Murder, She Wrote game.
Well, there's that, and there's, what's the other one? The, um, Nancy Drew games.
Are they getting Angela Lansbury to do The Voice?
Wouldn't that be awesome?
That would be fan- I love Angela Lansbury.
That's right. You know what'd be great? Is a Murder, She Wrote, but, like, X-rated.
You know you want to see topless Angela Lansbury, come on.
Just kidding. Um, let's see. What else is happening in this game here?
It's about the Summer Garden Festival that you- what is- the hell is this game?
Today is the Summer Gardens Festival Gardens Competition and Tour.
An event I look forward to all year.
My tour group arrived at Matthew O'Neill's house in approximately 24- 1245 PM.
Only to discover Matthew lying dead in his garden. Da da da da da.
So basically you're going to explore a garden and try to find out who killed this person.
There you go. Doesn't that sound exciting?
I want to see hardcore Murder, She Wrote, though. I was just joking about the topless thing.
I wanted you guys to all barf in your mouth, but, like, I want to see, like, First Person Shooter with Angela Lansbury.
Wouldn't that be hardcore?
Murder, I Wrote. That's what it would be called.
Frisbee says Banger, She Wrote.
If you want to call in and talk about Murder, She Wrote or any game, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
For now, I'll open it up in studio to some last minute stories.
Resident Evil 4 will be coming to the iPhone in July.
This is realized after it's shortly leaked out and was pulled, but Capcom has confirmed they'll be.
Hold on, we have a call. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hello?
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Oh, this is Juan Gonzalez.
So wait, are you the guy that emailed us earlier and I said, no, it's spam?
Yeah.
I take back my declaration of F-U. Sorry.
Do you know how many emails we get from guys named Juan that say something about like completely off the topic and nonsensical that turn out to be spam?
Hello?
I don't know if you can hear me right now, but I accidentally pressed the email to everyone while you're mailing all my emails.
So you are a real person and you're not trying to sell us Viagra?
Yeah. I'm a real person. A real gamer.
Well, okay. What did you want to say? Since we so rudely...
And by the way, you're echoing really bad, so you might want to get away from the radio.
Since we so rudely dismissed your email, I will give you some time now to say whatever you wanted to say or ask whatever you wanted to ask on the show.
I don't know. Sorry.
Hello? I think he's breaking up.
Connection.
Okay. If you have a question, go ahead and ask. We're having a hard time hearing you. Try to get your question out there so we can answer it.
Ah, fail. Sorry, Juan.
But we take back what we said about you being a spammer. That's so funny.
Alright. Sorry the connection was bad, Juan. But remember, guys, if you're going to call in on Skype, you can always call ECHO123 to call and test your call first. That's always a good way to do it.
Hi. You're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi. This is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator. What's on your mind?
Um, you know, three really quick tips. Well, I figured whether it was at the very end of Bobby's show or at the beginning of your show proper, but regardless, you guys were talking about the Nyanko Museum with stencils that had just come out?
Yes. And just to restate in case we have people listening to our show that aren't listening to Bobby's show, which shame on you. Everybody should listen to Bobby.
But at the little toss we did at the end of Bobby's show, we had brought up the whole PlayStation 3 Nyanko Essentials had come out and I had wanted to check it out. I'm guessing maybe you got a chance too?
Yes. In fact, I had just bought it, literally bought it until the day it came out. And in my opinion, well, I know my opinion holds any weight, but basically, for the most part, the games are basically the same as any other version that you may have gotten over the years, whether it be for the PlayStation 2 or what have you.
Where the real draw is, is in the menu system they give you a card for each of the six games, and you get stamped for in-game achievements, like an Eli Apple-oriented Pac-Man or whatever.
So not trophies, but kind of like a localized in-game achievement type of thing?
Yes.
How many games do you get for your $10? Don't you get, like, I mean that's one thing I noticed right off the bat is that on Xbox Live you have to pay like $5 for the port of Pac-Man, but it seems like on this little Nyanko collection you're getting, like what, six games for $10?
Yeah, six games for $10, but what I was going to say is, where the draw is, is that with those cards, if you get so many stamps per card, like let's say three stamps on a card, then you get a trophy.
You get another three more, you get certain prizes that go with the foam, like t-shirts or other items, and so on and so forth, plus you get the online leaderboards and all that, so that's probably where the main draw is.
Well is it cool though, because in theory that concept sounds really cool to me, so you picked it up, I mean, have you unlocked anything at home, is it cool, does it kind of work the way you think it would?
Yeah, I've got like two t-shirts out of it so far, and plus I actually, while I was at home, I actually launched each of the games from inside of home, I walked up to each of the replicas of the arcade machines that played the games, and they seemed pretty good.
So that's kind of a neat little plus there, and plus, technically it's not part of the game itself, it's kind of like an interlayer within the bed area of home, there's other little stuff in there that you can unlock by playing the arcade stuff in there,
like you can get collectors items, a version of solar cans and stuff like that.
Well you know it sounds like I'm definitely going to have to download the game this week and check it out, and probably bring you guys a review later on, because I like the classic games, and I like having achievements, and I like being able to unlock stuff in home, I'm very curious to see how this works out.
Maybe I'll finally have motivation to open up the Orange Lounge Club in home too, we'll see. By the way, we got to hang up to get some more calls, but do you have anything else in your mind real quick?
Yeah, one last thing, I know you guys liked anime a lot, I just checked out a new movie called Robotech the Shadow Chronicles, it's a $8 movie that you can get from PSN, and it's pretty good, if you like cheap anime movies you may want to check that out.
Alright, so there you go, anime recommendation. I'm not a huge anime fan, but I'm definitely looking forward to Ponyo, because I do like Miyazaki films, so I'm going to check that out when it comes out in theaters.
I will go with you Rob.
Yay, good, because the boyfriend won't, because he says anime is not good.
Well, poo!
Although he's not really dumb, he's amazing, but anyway. Alright, take care Spazinator.
Alright, have a good one.
Later.
But seriously, I'm like, you love Disney, I'm like, Disney's putting this movie out. He says, but it's different, it's not the same, and I'm like, ah! Ah! I can't take it.
Alright, how are you on Orange Lawn's radio, who's this?
Oh, oh my god, hold on.
Okay, sure, I'll hold.
Alright, it's Deathwishing.
Oh, hi Deathwishing, what's on your mind?
He keeps tagging, and then that popped up, and it kind of clusterfucked me.
Uh huh, what's up?
Um, giant robots.
Uh huh.
Lots of them. I'm really itching to play a giant robot game.
Sounds like an awesome game!
Tell me more.
Well, no, I mean, chrome hounds. I want to play chrome hounds and stuff, but...
Oh, there's too much stuff going on right now.
Well, we got Marvel vs. Capcom being re-released, and...
Awesome superhero hadouken fest.
I know, there's so many games to play in so little time. I had no idea people were still playing chrome hounds, though.
Well, I think, I see my friend playing it from Britain all the time, so I think, you know, fans are devoted to their games, like, look at Counter Strike.
That's true, I still see people playing Phantasy Star Universe, and I was like, wow.
I have been looking at my lonely copy of Earth Defense Force 2017, thinking about going back to finish it.
Did they announce a sequel for that finally, or did that ever happen?
No, I wish they did.
No, I'm sorry to hear that.
And, another thing is, are you gonna get those night vision goggles of Modern Warfare 2, so you can, like, spy around your set when it's dark?
No, this, oh my god.
I might not want to see what goes on when it's dark.
They're not worth the price, seriously, it's just...
Come on, they do something!
It's just a webcam with the IR filter ripped off of it.
Yeah, you're probably right.
I mean, if I wanted night vision goggles, which, I don't even know what the hell I'd use night vision goggles for.
I guess the question is, what would you use them for?
Exactly.
No, um, I was just, I mean, I was just curious, I mean, when I saw, I heard night vision goggles, I'm like, wow.
Like, before they announced the price, I'm like, holy crap, this must be a fortune.
I went to go look at prices for, like, the ones that look exactly like those, and it was like, $3,000.
I was like, holy crap, these are gonna be like, when did you go to Toys R Us to buy?
It's just because Activision needs yet another game over $100.
That's, there's like, how many games can we put out of there at $120 plus?
It's gonna be a good game. I know it's gonna be a good game.
It's made by Infinity Ward, they make the best, the good shooters.
I'm a shooter guy, so, but...
Yeah, I don't doubt it'll be a good game, but I think Activision makes more decisions.
That's like milk, that's just literally whipping it out, fapping as hard as you can, that's it.
That's a great game review right there.
I think some of these pack-ins are a little silly, but, you know, I guess Night Vision Goggles is certainly...
Are you guys going to Comic-Con?
No, there's too many conventions that go on this time of year.
We went to E3, and then I'm still trying to get to PAX.
Which reminds me, actually, we need to look into SAC Anime next month.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I think it's the same weekend as PAX, isn't it?
It's coming down to Southern California.
As much as I would love to go to Comic-Con, I think it's this coming weekend, isn't it?
It's this week.
Yeah, you know what, I can't go, I have tickets to a concert.
What concert?
Like I tell you, I'm going to see No Doubt.
Oh, it's by Etterwips.
Yes, but I don't know, in all seriousness, there's so many conventions that go on this time of year,
and Comic-Con isn't enough gaming for me.
This issue sucks.
I probably will go one of these years, probably next year.
Well, this year sucks for anything gaming related.
Why is that?
Well, just look at November.
Look at it, it's this crap load of releases, and because of it, Bioshock 2 got delayed.
I guess that's true.
But Bioshock 2 is never coming out in November, it's coming out in October.
What?
That's what it was coming out.
Yeah, and then...
They delayed it this weekend in here.
No, I know they delayed it, but it was never coming out in November, it was coming out in October.
Oh, interesting.
Well, I'm just saying November is usually when everyone starts shipping out all their games,
and it's just like...
Stop it.
My wallet is...
My pants are burning.
DJ Tyrant and Chat pointed out that tickets to Comic-Con are sold out anyway, so that's hard.
They are.
Sneak in, just break a window or some stuff.
Alright, Deathwish, anything else on your mind before we let you go?
We gotta get more calls.
Giant robots.
Awesome.
Alright, take care.
Bye.
Bye.
Giant robots on fire.
That would be even better.
How about giant robots on fire?
That's not good, because then that ruins a perfectly good giant robot.
But it's on fire.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch.
No, it has to be a giant robot that shoots fire.
That's cool.
Can I take the call, please?
No, you can't.
We have to discuss the giant robot shooting fire.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Misty.
Hi, Misty, we gotta let you go, because we gotta talk about robots shooting fire.
What the hell with that?
What's on your mind, Misty?
Not much, really.
I just kind of had an announcement I wanted to finally make after trying for practically
a month.
Okay, what is your big announcement?
That I am finally coming to SAC on at the end of August.
Holy poop balls, you're actually coming to Sacramento.
I knew about it.
I knew too, but she wanted to wait and tell us all on the show, even though we all knew.
Yeah, usually if you're coming to somebody's neck of the woods, though, you kind of give
them a little warning first.
I was a little freaked out at first, because I was like, oh crap, is it the same weekend
I'm going to be in Reno?
And it's like just before that Misty's going to be here.
I know, right outside.
I'm outside your door.
Knock, knock, knock.
So what kind of fun stuff are you going to do when you're in SAC?
I don't really have any particular plans.
I was thinking of going to our vehicle for the hell of it at least one or two days.
Yep, you gotta do that.
Oh, yeah.
You gotta see some of the sights.
See some of the OLR historical spots.
You gotta go to our vehicle.
Eat at the Brookfield's we used to always eat at at the parking lot.
Oh my God, wouldn't it be cool to have like an old school night while she's here?
Actually, we can make that happen.
Let's do that.
On a Wednesday.
On a Wednesday.
I was hoping so.
I kept hearing about that.
We'll have to make that happen somehow.
Unfortunately, you're not going to be here on a Sunday, though, right?
Yeah, because I'm so damn opposed to flying.
That's all right.
But hey, we'll figure something out.
We'll do a taped bit or something.
We can do OLR on location at our vehicle.
Oh my God.
Like the old place.
And remember we used to do it when we had the bit that we did over the old Beatmania?
Mm-hmm.
Of the hip-hop mania.
Yeah.
That was fun.
I remember getting threatened to throw out of there by kids younger than I am.
But hey, that's the way it goes sometimes.
So other things.
What else would be on the OLR Sacramento Historical Tour?
You could go to the Target where we camped out for a wee where Jamie got recognized from
the show.
That was fun.
That was fun.
That's over on Sunrise.
And then what else?
What other OLR historical stops are there?
We could try to make the trip to Stockton.
Oh, blech.
No.
Blech.
No, that's not what we're doing.
You should show Missy the good stuff while you're here.
We could...
We need to see some of the crap to counterbalance and to see why the other good stuff is so
good.
That's true.
You could go to Scandia, home of Shaft.
We'll actually have to play the putt putt there.
And ride the screamer, but you can't scream on it.
Yeah.
What the hell?
I know.
All this will be explained all in due time.
Well, hey, let us know again as things are getting a little closer and you got your itinerary
all planned out and we'll definitely meet up with you during the week and figure something
out.
That twit pic I posted is my incoming itinerary with all the Greyhound stops and crap.
Nice.
All right.
Well, we are looking forward to...
I've met you in person, but I know the other two haven't, so we're looking forward to having
you here.
I know you've been a long time listener, so this is the ultimate in fan trips to take.
Indeed.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go, Missy, so we can get some more calls, but we will see
you soon.
And I mean that.
See you soon.
All righty.
All right.
I'm excited.
Later.
Later.
I can't believe she's taking a bus, though.
Oh, my gosh.
That is such a long bus ride.
Take a train.
Well, a train's going to be just as bad.
Probably a little more expensive, too.
Yeah, a train's better.
But I understand.
If you're seriously scared death of planes, I could understand.
It's going to be tough.
All right.
Let's wrap it up.
We're going to close the Skype line.
Sorry to those that didn't get through.
Let's wrap it up with some last minute stories.
I know you probably have a couple we didn't get to, Loki.
I'm sure I do.
So, continuing on with the iPhone discussion.
There's a fan-made Portal game coming to the iPhone.
Companion Cube is the name of the program, and it's basically Portal on the iPhone.
Yay!
Who doesn't want that?
So, that's kind of neat.
Apparently, there was an artist that worked for Google that was hiding Triforces on a
bunch of their little Google splashes that they do for different events, different holidays,
and whatnot.
Fortunately, because of all this buzz about said Triforces, they have now been all removed.
So, that was fun while it lasted, I guess.
There is a rumor-
And the artist responsible has been sacked.
I don't know if that's the case, but maybe.
There is a game coming to North America, Rumored, at least.
Rizzoad, and that's actually a game based off the Wizard of Oz.
Kind of think of Kingdom Hearts meets Wizard of Oz.
And, for the DS, it's rumored to be coming out over here.
Actually, I can tell you it's coming out over here.
Exceeds bringing it over.
It'll be coming out this fall, actually.
September or October, I can't remember.
But anyways, so that's kind of neat, a new RPG series maybe we can check out.
And, Brutal Legends is going to be getting 4 on 4 skirmish multiplayer matches.
Hot 4 on 4 action.
Yes, exactly.
So, that's pretty cool.
I mean, hey, the game looks awesome by itself, but multiplayer, that just adds to the fun.
I think we talked about this before, but apparently a fan is putting together a game based off
of the Free Space Open, which I think is an open source free space engine.
And, basically, it's Shadows of Liet, which is a Star Fox type of game.
And, this is currently in development right now, but luckily, I'm guessing at the rate it's going
and the amount of coverage it's getting right now, that probably will never happen.
It'll probably get a cease and desist, which is too bad.
And then, of course, you know, people have been editing the PC version of Street Fighter 4
that has been recently released, doing all sorts of things, such as making Cami nude,
which looks retarded, and swapping people's, their move sets.
I was watching Dan with Dalsim's moves, that's funny.
Which looks pretty funny.
And, I don't know, that's about as bad as when they were doing that with Smash Brothers.
And then, a game I'd like to talk about real quick, that they had a clip of it online, looks fucking sweet.
It's the Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, is the name of the game.
And, it kind of has a similar art style to Potapon.
But, it's this game where you fly around a little UFO, and it's kind of a shooter, puzzle, platformer game.
And, it looks absolutely crazy.
So, definitely check out the video if you haven't yet.
It's got an awesome little kind of soundtrack to go with it.
I think the actual website is the incredible, what was it?
InsanelyTwistedShadowPlanet.com, I think this is actually the website.
But, Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, yeah.
But, the guy actually that's responsible for it, he actually is an animator, and he's done a bunch of really cool stuff.
So, definitely worth checking out.
And then, another game that's supposed to be coming out that looks pretty cool on XNA is Vex and Silence.
It's a kind of a stylized first person shooter game, and actually looks pretty polished for an XNA game.
But, you can check out more information on that.
It's going to span, I guess, 13 levels, and have a side scrolling shooter as well.
Oh, it is a side scrolling shooter. It looks like a first person shooter from what I saw.
But anyways, VexandSilence.com, and that's V-E-K-S.
So, check that out.
And, that's it.
Alright, well, that's going to wrap it up for our show tonight, but we can't end until we go around and get everybody's final thought.
So, DarkSagra, your final thought for us tonight?
They have finally put out custom hair for Sims 3. I think that's fantastic.
Hurray! Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is, I had something to share, but I don't have it anymore, so.
How useful.
I didn't set myself right.
Alright, and my final thought is, oh my god, I'm seriously going to pass out from the heat.
Damn you, son.
Go away.
Actually, it is away now. It's finally set, but don't come up again tomorrow.
I hate you.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting Independent Radio. You guys are awesome.
We do this for you guys and for the folks that come out and support us every week.
We really appreciate it.
I hope you had a good time listening to the show.
If you liked what you heard, remember all we ask, tell two people you know about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
That's all we really ask from you guys.
And that's it. I hope you guys have a terrific week. We'll see you back here next week.
We've got plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio coming back at you next week.
And we will be looking at some of these games we've talked about we want to look at this week.
I know the Namco Museum game I'm definitely checking out.
And I'm sure plenty of other games through the rest of us.
So, that's it, guys.
We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio for episode number, by the way, 333.
Ooh.
See you then.
That means we can't cuss at all.
Yeah, right.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
