Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roto.
Tonight, July 12, 2009. Can piracy lead to malware on your DS?
The Tomb Raider franchise looks ready for a reboot.
And could you soon play Rock Band or Guitar Hero with no gaming console?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, Internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And here to do it with you guys every week is myself, Rob Roberts, and my awesome co-host.
Joining me tonight, the one and only tech master, Loki, in the house.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Doing good.
Awesome.
And DarkSakura is joining us a little bit late.
She is in her summer class right now, and as you know, she's been having to join us late for some of the shows
because she has some type of outdoor activity she has to do.
Some type of PE class, so she, I think, some type of class she has to do outdoor activities for.
She'll probably tell us more about that when she comes on.
She should be live with us in about 15 minutes, so not too long.
I know she wasn't here last week, so we have a lot of DarkSakura catching up to do.
And then, of course, you guys join us every week in our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Our phone line is 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our email bag, mailbag, orangelaungeradio.com.
It's not just about us, it's about you guys.
We are the place where every gamer has a voice.
Anyhow, it's been a fun week, I hope, for you guys out there.
Just another summer week for those of you folks that are on a break from school or what have you.
I hope you're making the most of it and getting some good gaming time in.
We're going to start off the show tonight, as we always do, talking about our gaming weeks a little bit.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I was just playing Grand Theft Auto IV, just still tweaking the editing to make sure everything's balanced.
I was creating one weapon that's basically a nuke, and it wasn't getting to the size that a nuke should be.
Or at least, you know, relatively in scale. Obviously, if I actually created a full-sized nuke in the game,
that would kind of be pointless since it would destroy the entire map.
But I want something a little bit bigger than, say, 20 square feet or something like that.
So I'm working on making that a little bit bigger. I think I figured out a way to do it.
But it's funny, because we just can't stop giggling once we fire that, and the whole screen gets this big bright green glow,
and everything explodes, and it's funny.
But yeah, the game has gotten so ridiculous now that it's just an absolute blast, and really kind of not resembling Grand Theft Auto anymore.
Now, you talk a lot about your Grand Theft Auto playing on the show, and I think we all kind of have the grasp
that you do this on your lunch break at work. This is how you guys...
Lunch break and our 15-minute break.
Wow, so it's all gaming. Because, again, for those folks that are new to Orange Lancerado and maybe haven't listened before,
Loki works in game distribution, so he literally for eight hours a day kind of eats, lives, sleeps video games.
But it's not as glamorous as some of you might think, because he's actually selling video games to little independent stores.
Not GameStops, but independent video game stores, right? So you're kind of like the middleman there.
So you have to be a salesman. But instead of selling used cars, you're selling new video games.
So, all right. A wild dark soccer is approaching. Quick, throw the pester ball!
She just got out of the shower.
All right, she'll be joining us in just a moment. Anyway, she came in to make faces in the studio.
Yeah, so you play actual video games on your lunch break to kind of decompress and stuff, and the guys you play with,
are they all also like game salesmen, or what's the deal?
Well, here's the deal. One way or another, they sort of are.
I mean, before we used to have a mix, we had just all of our game reps playing.
Right now, we have myself, my friend Jason, who actually moved into the games department, so now he's a game sales rep.
Our friend Rob Nelson, who's in our video sales department, but way back in the day, he was actually in game sales,
and he likes games, so that's cool. And then my boss, Rob, who's also...
Wait, so you play video games on lunch with your boss?
Yeah.
That's actually kind of cool. Your job ain't so bad.
But I kick the crap out of him a lot.
Nice. I wish I could play Grand Theft Auto with my boss.
But the thing is...
Of course, I don't think she really plays video games.
No, because we play on the consoles that I own, I've modded all those consoles, so now I can take an image of Grand Theft Auto IV.
Granted, I have bought copies, so I guess sort of it's legal, because I do actually own enough copies for all the systems.
I actually have lost and damned on all the systems, so that's pretty expensive.
But yeah, so we actually do play modified copies of Grand Theft Auto IV, but we play with our own ruleset.
And really, since we're not playing with anybody else other than our group, we're not getting banned.
I mean, despite the rumors, oh, if you play with a modded console and a modded disc or a backup or something like that on Live, you're gonna get banned.
Well, we've been doing it for a while now, and really I think it takes someone reporting you and that kind of stuff.
But yeah, we're just having fun with our custom weapons, and I try to modify everything so that it's kind of balanced.
But it's just absolutely crazy, and I am planning on filming it this week.
I finally found my video capture device.
Thank God, because our YouTube needs a little love.
We put up a handful of videos from E3, but our YouTube could always use some more love.
I know we have our YouTube fans out there.
Yeah, so I'm gonna try to film it this week.
I just have to get enough footage to edit it together to make it interesting, but it's absolutely crazy.
It's seriously just explosions going off every which way.
Yeah, it's nuts.
Speaking of video, I just kind of want to get out there, because some folks that listen to Orange on this Radio have been asking,
when is Justin TV gonna come back?
The webcam feed that we used to have, when is that gonna come back?
Probably around Labor Day, and I know that's a way out, and I apologize to those folks that were relying on Justin TV to kind of listen to the show live,
because for whatever reason, I guess shoutcast ports are blocked, but they could get in through Justin TV.
We have some very naughty people who listen to us at work overseas.
Naughty, naughty, but no, we appreciate the support.
Either way, just don't get fired over Orange on this Radio.
But we have some folks that would listen, and I know they were using Justin TV to do it,
and some folks, for whatever weird reason, like to look at us while we're doing this,
but we would also play video games, usually during the show.
I know towards the end there, before the summer months, we would kind of show games before they were actually out,
because Loki is also a crazy import gamer, and would get a lot of games from Japan that he can play on his Wii,
so we were doing a lot of that.
So we are gonna bring that back, probably around Labor Day.
There's just some other things we have to answer.
We actually still have the donated computer as well, which is gonna help in large part with this,
because depending on where we end up, we're either gonna go to a larger space here in Studio Dark Sakura,
where all the pinball is now, or we're going to go back to Studio My Place, and the place that's there.
So either way, we're looking at getting a more intricate setup with Justin TV,
where we're gonna have a switchboard, where we can go between like a shot of us in studio,
a shot of the game we're playing, maybe something that's a zoom in on the guest or something like that.
Kind of some multi-camera angles, believe it or not, should be interesting.
So we'll see what happens. That is hopefully in the future.
Anyway, I didn't mean to derail your gaming week, Loki, but I don't know if you have anything else.
Death Wishing says I should make a gun that shoots fish. Can't do that, unfortunately, in Grand Theft Auto.
You can make guns that shoot a lot of things, but fish is not one of those things.
Tigerclaw is asking why not Studio Loki if it exists.
Well, I just think with babies on the way, Studio Loki's not really gonna be a viable option,
plus I don't think you have really any extra space there.
The middle bedroom, but it's kind of...
Small. Well, so is this space. We make this work.
Yeah, actually, it would be bigger than this space.
I think Studio Loki is always a possibility in a situation where one of us is gonna be gone or something,
but, you know, especially once Loki has the kids there.
I will have an HDTV in there, hopefully.
The wife keeps seeing that I can't put it in there. She's like, well, you have to put it in our bedroom.
I'm like, well, I don't have cable locks for that, so...
Dark Sakura is toweling off from the shower. In fact, she's wearing nothing but a towel right now.
Too bad that we don't have that Justin TV heft up, right?
Whatever.
No, she's not. She's wearing very unglamorous sweatpants and a DDR spot t-shirt.
These aren't sweatpants. These are actually comfortable man pajamas.
I'm sorry. From a distance, they look like sweatpants. Well, what's on your mind, Dark Sakura? How are you doing?
Well, I was actually gonna say we actually had another idea about doing some rearranging that would involve opening up a whole wall in this room.
Dang.
So that would give us... In fact, it was actually almost specifically for us using this as a studio full-time.
Nice.
So we would be making some more room in here. We're actually thinking about moving the pinballs into that room and moving our living room into the pinball room.
And for that sake, that actually moves the subwoofer away from that back wall so that we're not getting...
Oh, and by the way, Sega did BOOM!
I look forward to the week where Sega does BOOM!
That would be a great video game, actually. Just call it BOOM with an explanation.
Copyright Orange Jones Radio 2009, blah blah.
We haven't had a dream game in a long time called BOOM.
Or a dream game in a long time.
It just needs to be called subwoofer noise.
Well, Dark Soccer, since you're joining us now, welcome back, by the way. You were out last week because you were in Vegas. How was Vegas?
It was hot.
Of course.
And when it got hot, it got hotter. And then it was alright.
I had a very good time. We actually did have some rain coming back from the Hoover Darn.
Yeah?
Sorry, my little brother, Phillip. So cute when he was little. Then he grew up. What happened?
He used to call it the Hoover Darn because dam was a bad word.
Because dam's a bad word, right.
Yeah. So I sort of inherited calling it the Hoover Darn. But anyway, we went to the Hoover Dam.
And it was hot. And there was water.
And big.
I took pictures of said water.
Thank God you're here because I would have never known that.
Oh, whatever. God, where the hell is my IRC? Okay.
Anyway, we got lots of frozen yogurt. And I had a few very cool new experiences.
And met cool people that I had heard of but never got to see. So it was pretty cool. I had a very good time.
Wait, did you meet OLR listeners? Or were these like other people?
Other people.
Oh, okay.
Because I went to go see Sauce.
Okay. Because tiara friends.
Yeah.
Okay, okay.
And I had a really great, great time. It was very relaxing. I watched the first season of Dexter.
I love that show. I watched the first season of True Blood. I love that show, too.
And I finally got to see Repo, the genetic opera.
Yes.
God, I love Anthony Head and that. He's just like, oh!
I love Repo in general. Well, you know, if you're a long time-
And it's the only thing I've seen Sarah Brightman in that her voice hasn't irritated me.
Oh, she's amazing. By the way, if you've listened to this show for any length of time, or I guess I should say a long time,
you know that I've been involved with Rocky Horror Picture Show for a long time.
And Repo really is kind of like a lot like it in a sense where it's that very like kind of glamorous kind of musical type thing.
So I love Repo. It's awesome.
I really do. I really do enjoy it. I'm gonna have to pick that up on Blu-ray so I can watch it in all the HD glory.
I have an extra copy on Blu-ray if you want to buy one cheap because I got an extra one for my birthday.
Alright.
So if you're interested in it, let me know.
I'm interested in it.
Okay, cool.
But I also actually did a little bit of gaming. I actually brought some games that we never got to play.
But I got my SNES emulator running on Linux and I played some of the game that we'll be talking about later.
I see. So we're gonna have an inspired Classic Game of the Week this week.
Yes, we will.
Awesome.
And it's not Captain America and the Avengers. We did purchase that actually. Dan and I did when I got back.
Goldanthro in our chatroom at chat.orangelawnsradio.com put,
Lol, my mom is watching True Blood right now in my family's living room. No joke. She loves that show.
Dad, that show's awesome.
True Blood is also a trending topic on Twitter right now, I notice, since I'm checking the OLR accounts.
So it must be a good show. I've never watched it.
It's pretty good. It's pretty good. It's just something you'll have to watch.
It's like vampires and stuff, right?
Yeah, but it's vampires going public.
Interesting. Okay.
It's got a lot of human rights parallels and different things.
So like heroes, but with vampires?
I didn't watch Heroes.
Oh, okay.
So that's kind of lost on me.
But we also saw Drag Me to Hell.
And we paid $2 apiece for it, so it was well worth the money.
It was like, I think either that or The Hangover, and I hate stupid-
Buddy comedies.
I really do. I really don't like those kind of movies.
And while other people may love them to death, that's fine. I'm not saying that your taste is awful.
I'm just saying that's not my kind of thing.
So, um, but going to see a Sam Raimi movie, you know, how can you go wrong with Sam Raimi?
Loki's dying to say something.
Oh, I was just going to say what I saw this week, too.
I saw Transformers Revenge of the Fallen and Bruno, and I never have I seen so many people walk out of Bruno.
It was hilarious.
I'm iffy on Bruno because I have this bad feeling I'm going to get really offended even though I usually find that kind of stuff funny.
It was funny.
I'm waiting for Blu-ray.
Natalie loved the movie.
Did she? Of course she did.
I'm just going to wait for Blu-ray.
There's so many other movies I want to see in the theater right now.
I have not seen Transformers.
The boyfriend talked me into seeing- actually it was a mutual agreement.
Like, because he wanted to see Transformers, but I was a little eh, and I wanted to see this other movie.
He was kind of a little eh, so we agreed to go see My Sister's Keeper, which is basically like the biggest, like, vagina of a movie ever.
It's a total chick film, and we just cried through the whole thing like big girls.
But, um, you know, it was good, I guess.
It was sad.
I showed you the picture of what I saw that made me think of you.
Oh, yes. What? The big pink penguin?
The pink penguin in a tutu?
I'm not sure how to take this, because, you know, sure, I'm gay or whatever, but I like to think I'm still a guy.
Because you like pink ones.
I do love pink ones.
Actually, I'll tell you why it made me think of you.
Why?
Because of Rocky.
It's true.
When, when, um, he did the cell block, uh, pingo.
Oh, god, that was so many years ago.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
And you were wearing the little pink-
You know, you know, you're not helping my whole manly man case here, so if, uh, you wouldn't mind telling us about the rest of your gaming week.
But it wasn't, don't jump to conclusions.
Anyway, um, I played a lot of pinball.
We went to the pinball hall of fame, and, um, I was in pain by the time we were done, but it was well worth the agony.
Um, I played the worst pinball table ever, and it's also one of the most rare.
I played pinball circus.
It's crap.
It's worth playing once, but it's crap, and that's probably why they only made two of them.
Um, I played, uh, I actually went and played a really good, um, Black Knight, um, 2000.
Because, you know, I've got the table, but ours is kind of messed up, so playing on our messed up table here helped my skills on the really nice table there.
And we had, um, Tiara and I took turns, sort of, um, on the longest multi-ball session ever of Star Trek The Next Generation.
And I played the Data East Star Trek pinball. I played, um, I did not play Captain Fantastic, sorry.
Um, but I did play, um, Theater of Magic, and I played, um, Medieval Madness.
I played, um, the Super Mario Brothers pinball table. The adult one, not the child one.
Um, and I played, uh, Bride of Pinbot and Pinbot. They didn't have a jackpot.
I was actually, I wandered around the place twice looking for a jackpot, but they didn't have one.
But it's okay. They had, they had Doctor Who. I didn't play, though.
No, where is this place? I'm sorry, I missed that part.
It's the Pinball Hall of Fame.
Oh my god, awesome.
And we drove by the Liberace Museum.
And all I could think of was, my mom would like this.
We didn't go there.
The plaza's like the Liberace Plaza, and there's a big circle thing on the marquee with his head on it.
I was like, heh, that's Liberace.
The boyfriend and I are thinking of going to Vegas, uh, before the end of the year.
So, I, I really want to go. I haven't been in like eight years.
He wouldn't want to go to some of these places you're talking about, but I'm sure I wouldn't want to go everywhere.
He wants to go either, so we can maybe have a day where we do our own things.
Go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
Like, I want to see the Pinball Hall of Fame.
Go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
And you have to eat at, um, this place that, um, that, uh, Tiara took me to called, I think it's Toto's.
That's like a margarita brunch.
Well, you know I'm going to go visit Sauce if I'm there and all that, so.
It's not on the strip. It's, we, we avoided the strip like a plague.
Well, I'll make Sauce take us out to all the nice places.
Yeah.
Anyhow, I don't want to-
It was, we had a very, very good time, and I got woken up by a kitten a lot.
But it was funny because, um, you know, I'm used to, to having Dan in the bed, and I'm used to rolling over and smacking him in the face or something.
And, you know, just rolling over and having him to, to go, oh, Dan's there, or, oh, Dan's not here.
And instead I was rolling over and like, oh, a kitten!
Oh, DVDs!
You know, so it was, it was pretty cool.
But I had a great time, and, um, I, I, you know, I have to, to thank, uh, her and her family for putting up with me for the time I was there.
I had a great time.
Excellent.
I'm glad you had fun in Vegas.
And now I know all the good stuff I need to go do, hopefully if I go visit before the end of the year.
But it's just, it's just making his schedule work and my schedule work, because he's going to art school now.
He starts art school Monday.
Really?
Believe it or not.
Yes, he's, you're going to have to forget that whole manly man thing I was mentioning earlier.
He's, he's studying to be an interior designer.
Cool!
No, I think that actually, I think that's awesome.
I would, I would love to sit down and talk with him.
I'm so supportive.
I'm so supportive.
It's, it's going to be awesome.
I would actually love to sit down and talk with him about, about fabric for a project I'm doing.
I, he would probably love to talk that, that shop, especially once he's had some of his classes down, so.
Cool.
Cool, cool.
That's pretty neat.
Anyhow, enough about that.
Let me talk about the stuff that I've been doing this week in regards to video games.
I played pretty much two video games.
I played, I went back to play Final Fantasy IV, The After Years, because as you know, I beat the main scenario,
but now there's all the spinoff scenarios, so I actually beat the Rydia scenario, which wasn't as good as the main storyline,
which is a little disappointing because she's probably my favorite character in Final Fantasy IV.
I know a lot of people really adore her, but her scenario felt extremely linear,
and I have a bad feeling that's how all the scenarios in Final Fantasy IV are going to be, all the spinoff ones,
but I, I'm not saying that's the way it is yet because I haven't played any but the one,
but I'm going to go try some of the others maybe a little later on this week.
However, I guess maybe linear is not the best word because the main scenario is kind of linear too,
but I don't know, I just felt her story wasn't as, the story felt more linear, if that makes sense.
Like it was a very point A to point B kind of story, whereas the main-
Like you were playing an outline?
Yeah, basically, but the main story felt, there were more twists and things that made it interesting.
I love, love the twist at the end of the main story because it involves introducing a new class to the game,
which I love the idea of, and I hope one shows up in Final Fantasy XIV.
I'm not going to spoil it. If you really want to know, go play it, but there's a new class.
It's a combination of two existing classes.
It has to tell me off the air because I'm poor.
It sounds awesome. It's the character I want to be in Final Fantasy XIV if they have one.
Anyway, oh, the other game, Lost Odyssey. My playing of the old school RPG made me think,
you know what, there's not a lot of new games out right now that I want to play,
so I want to go back and beat some of the old games that I didn't beat before because I was too sucked into Warcraft.
So, Lost Odyssey, old school, well not old school, but it plays like an old school Super Nintendo style RPG,
but it's on the 360 with awesome graphics.
I think the graphics are some of the best in any RPG I've seen, and the story, phenomenal.
I love the story in Lost Odyssey, and just some of the little vignettes they have in the game.
They have these little vignettes that are text stories.
Yes, you actually sit there and read these text passages, but it isn't, you know,
it has music and backgrounds, and the text like dances onto the screen in a way that kind of matches the story.
I have no way of explaining this, that doesn't make it sound totally lame, but you just have to kind of check it out.
It really impacts these stories that is a pretty cool way to just like read stuff.
I hated that part of the game.
You did? I thought the stories were so good, though.
Oh, it was horrible.
Oh, no.
I got to read this. Skip, skip, skip.
You have no feelings.
Skip, skip.
No feelings. No, that's alright.
You can skip them, though.
Once you get into a dream sequence, just hit B, and you skip the whole thing.
They get put in an archive where you can go watch them later.
So, yeah, I love Lost Odyssey.
I am about caught up to where I was before, which is where I'm right at the end of the first disc,
and I've got three more discs to go.
So you'll probably be hearing about this game over the next month or so as I play a little more each week to try and beat it,
because I want to see what happens at the end of the story, because I never played that far before.
I got sucked into raiding and, wow, or moved on to another game, because I think it came out during a busy period.
But, yeah, Lost Odyssey.
Sadly overlooked RPG on the 360.
I don't know why haters hated it.
Well, I think maybe they hated it, because in some ways it's kind of linear and a little more restrictive.
Like, it's the more Final Fantasy X style of there's no world map, but you go to select areas,
and the areas are their own little maps, if that makes sense.
I don't know.
But, yeah, I still enjoy the game.
So, yep, anyhow, that was pretty much my game of the week.
It was really just those two games.
I didn't play anything new that came out.
No new Xbox Live arcade games or anything like that.
I don't even remember what came out this week.
Was this a big week?
I heard now.
I heard that Madballs game is out next week.
You know where I heard that?
On a Facebook ad.
So we need to go try and get those guys on the show.
The Madballs, those were the designers we sat down with at E3, and they were showing us some clips of their game.
It looked neat, so I'd like to have them on to talk about the game.
So I'll have to try and get that arranged for next week or the week after.
Cool, cool.
Actdeft in chatroom asks, will Rob finish the game or will his gamer ADD kick in the middle of the game?
Stay tuned to OLR.
Darkcharger in chat says, those dream sequences in Lost Odyssey were one of the best things about the game.
It's too bad none of them were actually visualized, or maybe that was a good thing.
Good point.
I think in some ways, those stories were best left to the imagination.
It's like reading a book. Why do you read a book so you can make up your own visualizations?
But the cool thing about it was that it did things that books can't do with the text and the music and the backgrounds that you would see,
and the shifts in the backgrounds that did add some visual impact, but without showing you what people look like.
It was like deep thoughts.
In a way, it was, but you make it sound so stupid, and I'm sorry. It was awesome.
Haters gonna hate. I don't even care.
All right.
Before we get into some gaming news tonight and gaming discussion, we want to take care of some housekeeping,
of which we don't have a whole lot of right now.
No shows off in the near future or anything like that.
Still no idea what's going on for PAX, if anything.
I think both Loki and Dark Soccer are out.
I sadly may have to skip it, too.
I don't want to, though. I'm still going to try and make it work.
It's just the week right after my crazy week in Reno that I have planned.
So, yeah. Crazy, crazy.
But I'm still hoping to do PAX. I should know in the next couple weeks.
So I would love to see you guys at PAX if that happens.
Otherwise, we'll keep you posted here.
Join our Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We've been getting some ads this week and really appreciate it.
And then, of course, we have our live journal community at Orange Lounge and our Facebook group, the OL Army.
And I would plug MySpace, too, but does anyone really use that anymore?
All right. That's it. Let's move into some gaming news tonight.
Loki, start us off.
Yes. There is a big ol' rumor, or possibly leak, I guess, of a relaunch of the Tomb Raider series.
And now I know you're thinking, hey, wait a second. Didn't that already happen?
Yes, it did. But, hey, let's relaunch it again because, you know, the first relaunch didn't quite work out for them.
So, once again, they're looking to redesign Lara Croft.
And she does look quite a bit different.
They had a picture that leaked out her holding a torch with what looks like a bow across her shoulder
and what maybe appears to be a sledgehammer or something, sword or something in her hand.
But basically, they're saying that there's a small little, I guess, transcript of the premise of the game,
which they're saying that when a storm suddenly destroys her research vessel,
a young and inexperienced Lara Croft finds herself stranded on a mysterious and remote island hidden off the shores of Japan.
Despite several signs of various inhabitants on the island, it is oddly deserted, and an uneasy feeling settles as strange sounds emerge from the shadows.
With only her determination, air strength, and resourcefulness to help her,
Lara must overcome the challenge of harsh and unforgiving journeys that will take her across a vast island wilderness
and into deep, claustrophobic and menacing underground tombs.
Well, at least she's actually going to be in tombs in Tomb Raider.
So, it's more of like a scary game, and that's what Game Guru says in chat.
It's rumored to be survival horror, and I think that's stupid.
Yes, and they're also saying, I guess, that they're possibly going to do more of an open world type of game as well.
Now, what's interesting about this is this was supposedly to come from an Eidos mole,
but it's actually been kind of revealed that it wasn't exactly from inside an Eidos,
but more from a kind of a survey.
And, you know, you gotta love the survey leaks, but Joystiq, the blog that ran the story,
they actually were contacted by the Nielsen Entertainment Group to remove the image and the story.
Now, Nielsen liked the ratings people on television, right? The Nielsen ratings?
I guess.
Interesting.
I mean, they have a similar name.
So, they were asked to remove the image and the story, and it's interesting because usually, when that happens,
okay, that's kind of confirming it right there.
Just like when Namco asked us to remove some stuff, it just proved it to be true.
Yes. Of course, there's also some other hints that, you know, this may have been kind of in the works anyways,
and they pointed out four different stories they had run previously,
including Eidos's president said that the next Tomb Raider game will reinvigorate the franchise.
Crystal Dynamics is hiring folks to work on an installment of a AAA franchise.
Toby Gard, the series creator, is a leading design group for an unannounced project,
and Eidos is terrible at keeping its secret games under wraps.
Funny.
But, yeah, it's probably going to happen, and I bet you anything next year, you'll have another Tomb Raider game.
That hopefully won't suck as much as the last one.
Tomb Raider's interesting because, like, Tomb Raider, I remember, like, Tomb Raider II and the original Tomb Raider,
those were really revolutionary PC games back in the day.
But that franchise, to me anyway, I don't know, I'm sorry chatters if we have Tomb Raider fans,
but the franchise really kind of, it felt, like, so much more of the same, more of the same,
and that whole, like, 3D platformer thing was so overdone, I think, amongst the PlayStation 2 and so forth,
the whole thing felt very, to me, like, you know, after a while.
And, you know, whereas I think those original games were very revolutionary,
I think the later ones just bored the shit out of me, and I had no interest in playing them.
So it's very interesting to me, well, A, that this is a reboot of a reboot of a reboot at this point, right?
And that if they're changing the genre up a little bit, that's really interesting to me as well.
The fact that they might be going a more survival horror route, which seems to be, I guess, all the rage these days,
with your, you know, Saw and your Silent Hill and your Resident Evils.
It's even funny, though, because when I saw the picture of Lara Croft, it reminded me of, like, someone from Resident Evil.
I mean, the look of it looked very much like Jill or something. I don't know.
Well, what's interesting is that they're talking about doing a movie franchise reboot, too, right?
Could this be playing into that at all? Could the movie franchise be going more horror-based?
I mean, I wouldn't think it's going to be, like, a B-movie horror, but could the movies be going more scary?
Because, you know, there's all the talk that they're not going to have Angelina Jolie,
that they're going to have, you know, Megan Fox instead, is the rumor, I guess.
But could the movies be changing genre, too?
She's prettier.
Well, she's pretty, but she doesn't have Cambodian babies like Angelina Jolie,
so you just can't picture her being the world traveler.
I'm just kidding. I don't...
Yet.
I don't care.
No. I don't know. It's...
The thing, you know...
To me, I don't give a crap if they reboot this, because I have lost interest in this series.
Actually, I never had interest in this series, so...
Great. You know, I'd like to see them try something different, but it's not going to probably get me to play it.
But, hey.
Well, what if the game's really good, Loki? What if you hear it's as awesome as Resident Evil 4 or something, you know?
I didn't care for Resident Evil 4 either.
Of course, I didn't play Resident Evil 4, but I don't care for Resident Evil.
I just...
I don't know.
Okay, what if it plays like Grand Theft Auto 4?
It will never play like Grand Theft Auto 4.
I'm sorry.
Alright. Tigerclaw in chat says,
Megan Fox would have to do the English accent.
Angelina Jolie does have a pretty good English accent.
Joshi16 says, Megan Fox would have to actually do something interesting.
XLink says, the hell with this. Where's my pressure luck game?
You have that.
I know, there is that DVD game.
I got that for you.
I guess that shows how many people actually care about Tomb Raider, at least in our chat room, if our chat is any indication.
I'm sorry, it was all about Tomb Raider 2, locking the butler in the freezer, and then breaking Lara Croft's neck.
It was all about topless mod.
That was really the start of that whole craze of every game on the PC has a booby mod,
and it was Tomb Raider, the old school Tomb Raider, where you could run around as naked Lara.
Anyhow, I guess a lot of our folks don't really seem to care about the whole Tomb Raider reboot.
There you go.
Chat.orangelandsradio.com if you disagree.
Before I get into the next story, I want to mention this chat comment from earlier.
Robx327 in chat says,
Hey, Rob, a big game did come out this week, Battlefield 1943 on Xbox Live Arcade and PSN.
See, not really my type of game, but good point.
I know there's tons of people that are really into Battlefield.
That had a really long line at E3 as well.
I remember that.
I kept giving them away, and I never got one.
I know.
Not that I would have played it anyway.
It's just not my kind of game, and no disrespect to those who enjoy it.
I tried to play Battlefield 1942, I think, and I was just really terrible at it.
I tried playing that on the PC.
I'm just not very good at those kind of games.
But yeah, I guess that is a big game this week, but certainly for one particular genre.
So for a roleplay gamer fan like me, not as much.
Anyhow, let's move on to some other gaming news.
Speaking of roleplaying games, Dragon Quest IX is definitely highly anticipated.
Of course, it's so highly anticipated there are folks trying to get the game before it is actually out.
There's actually a leaked version of Dragon Quest IX that's showing up on some piracy sites out there.
But guess what?
If you actually download this and install it, what you're actually installing is a little hentai slideshow on your little computer, DS, called DS Owata.
And that would be actually what you are going to install.
And then I guess the thing, by the way, bricks your DS.
Yeah, it's like you're thinking, hey, so it wasn't Dragon Quest IX, but hey, this isn't bad. It's porn.
But then it bricks your DS and you're kind of screwed at that point.
You probably wouldn't like that.
There are ways to fix it though, but yeah, it's an inconvenience, I guess.
You know, I was reading about this whole story, about the whole fake ROMs, and I thought this was very interesting.
And certainly, we've heard this kind of thing before.
Haven't you heard about the musicians who put the fake music out there to stop the pirates?
I don't think it was Madonna's last album, but the one before it.
She put out these tracks on the internet that would play the first 30 seconds of the song.
And then the rest of it would be her going, what the fuck do you think you're doing?
Like, did you hear about this?
This is a couple years ago. It was really funny, actually.
But it would play the first few seconds of the song.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Which is essentially, this is like the game version of that, in a way.
Although, now not to say that this was something that Square Enix did themselves.
It was probably some anti-piracy people just doing that.
But you have seen this kind of thing happen before, like the original Earthbound.
I was doing some research on the internet, and did you know the Mother series in general had a lot of piracy protection on it?
That old school one on the Nintendo Entertainment System that never came over here.
Remember how there was a fully translated one that some people bought?
But it had holes in it where if you would talk to certain people, it would freeze your game up completely.
And they had to release a hack that would patch that up.
Plus, the actual Earthbound that we got here, if you try to dump the ROM of that, there actually was a lot of anti-piracy things in there.
It would check for certain things that weren't there.
Like, you tried to copy the cartridge or whatever.
You would get all the way to the last boss, it would freeze, and then you would lose all of your data.
It would erase your game. How mean is that?
Not just that, but on your way there, you would have to fight three times as many monsters the entire game.
The number of random monsters went up like crazy.
So it was very interesting to see.
But that wasn't really a fake ROM.
That was a case of where the cartridge was looking for certain things that only a legitimate cartridge would have.
I know one thing, the English version of the cart would look to see if it was being played on a PAL Super Nintendo.
Because if it was, it would lock you out and you wouldn't be able to play.
It would do those types of things to prevent the whole dumping and copying of games.
It's interesting we haven't seen more games do that.
And maybe it's harder to do with the whole CD-based system, I don't know.
But kind of interesting.
So, I don't know.
What do you think, Loki?
Do you think game companies might be doing this on purpose?
Do you think there's any chance that all Square Enix could be behind something like this?
Do you think they should be?
I think it's stupid.
Because it's not going to really stop anything.
Because really a lot of people will download it and then they'll post,
Hey, by the way, this is not the game. This is actually a hacked thing.
It's really going to affect just a small group of people.
And they found a fix for it.
So, it really accomplished nothing.
And a lot of times there will be...
We've talked about them before, different anti-piracy stuff that they have.
Especially in DS games.
It tricks people for a while and it stops them from being able to play it.
But then eventually they fix it and patch it.
And it's done.
So they found a way to un-brick all those DS's already?
I was looking up something.
Because I was actually looking at...
I didn't really want to pirate the game.
Because I don't really...
It's a full Japanese game and it's RPG.
It's just like...
I don't have time to play it for one.
And two, it's all in Japanese. I wouldn't know what the hell is going on.
So, it's just not interesting.
I was kind of curious to see if they did find a fix for that stuff.
And there was someone talking about ways to fix it.
And there was apparently a way to fix it if you'd done something else.
I don't remember what it was.
But yeah, apparently there are ways to fix it if you did brick it.
Interesting.
And Frisbee in chat says,
You can't just break someone's DS.
Well, that's what they're saying, that they break these things somehow.
I don't know how you do it, but it must do something.
It overwrote something that was on their actual firmware.
So it just kind of tweaked something.
Interesting.
Well, I don't know. Is it what these pirates deserve?
Do you think it's what people deserve for being so over-eager or careless?
Well, there's people...
Like right now, they've already got patches in the place for...
Because the actual ROM did leak out already.
Obviously, because it was going to.
But they already have hacks for it to translate the menus.
And they've got walkthroughs that people have done translating everything else.
Topless mod?
No topless mod yet, but they've hacked it so that you can max out your experience and that kind of stuff.
So, I mean, it's just only a matter of time.
Everything's just a matter of time.
There's nothing that's unhackable.
They will find a way around everything.
I don't know. I'm borderline interested in Dragon Quest IX.
If you've listened to this show before, you know I have this weird thing about handheld gaming.
It's going to come out over here eventually.
I know it's going to come out over here, but I don't know if I really want it because of the factors on the DS.
And you know how I feel about handheld gaming.
But then again, I did play Final Fantasy IV.
I've played Final Fantasy II and I on PSP.
I'll probably get this, but I'm going to wait and see the reviews first.
I'm kind of actually glad it's out in Japan for a little while before it comes out here.
That way I kind of hear if it's good or not.
I really liked Dragon Quest VIII, though, on PlayStation 2.
That was a pretty good RPG.
That's another one I need to go back and finish, along with Final Fantasy XII.
But I have to go get my PlayStation 2 and hook it up because my 3 is not backwards compatible.
Pfft. Lame.
Mine is.
Well, lucky you.
What about Dragon Quest swords on the Wii?
I'm not interested in the spin-offs, really.
Wasn't that a little cheesy, like for kids or something?
So is the person that's playing all of the Final Fantasy IV spin-offs.
Yeah, whatever.
But Final Fantasy IV is not like a kids thing. It's just old-school graphics.
You know, what was it? The Mystic Quest?
It's what I remember as a kid.
Oh, hell no, it's not Mystic Quest.
It's like Final Fantasy IV hard-type.
You know, the original Japanese one where you get random battles way more often than you did in the American release.
And so forth.
So I'm probably going to finish Final Fantasy IV, the after years.
But for right now, I wanted to go to something a little more new school.
And I remembered I really wanted to beat Lost Odyssey.
And for some weird reason, I actually do kind of want to play Blue Dragon, even though that wasn't nearly as good.
I just kind of want to finish that, so who knows.
Anyhow.
VxjasonXV in chat is frowning, saying,
I liked Mystic Quest. I beat Mystic Quest, actually. I did play that all the way through.
Yeah, it was not like it was a very hard game to beat.
Yeah, it wasn't terrible. It just wasn't Final Fantasy at all.
It really wasn't originally a Final Fantasy game, anyway.
No, it wasn't. It was sure as hell was.
In fact, do you know in Japan, that game was released as Final Fantasy USA?
Boy, didn't that make us look stupid.
But now, keep in mind, though, whenever games released in America, they get re-released in Japan as international versions.
Because typically, especially with the Square games, we start getting extra stuff.
Like, for example, Final Fantasy VII, if I'm right, it got a re-release.
10 did, I know for sure. I think 7.
Because we got another weapon.
Yeah, there was little things here and there, I think.
And they took out the test zero.
I want to say 12 had one, too. I don't remember.
But with 7, you could still find a bunch of the test bugs in the Japanese version.
Like the test zero, or one of the other events, like the Aerith sequel thing that they were supposed to have taken out.
But, hey, Shermy.
I was trying to get Shermy to talk on air, but Shermy's shy.
But, yeah, when that version came out.
Just pat her on the butt, she'll start meowing.
No, she went to her hiding place.
No, you have to pat her, like, right on the back, over her tail.
Oh, she's going to her h-
By the way, Shermy's little bed, or hiding place, is, there's this little, like, where the OLR studio computer is.
There's a little box right next to it.
I'll tell you what's in the box, too.
What's in the box?
A sheep skin rug, a sheep fur rug.
Well, at least it's not a severed head.
So, but it's, like, right in the corner, under the computer table, so it's really in a dark little corner.
And Shermy has made this, like, her little bed.
I think it's very cute.
Yeah, it's definitely covered with Shermy hair.
Yeah.
But, well, when we had, it actually, part of it got ruined because of her to start with.
But, I also spilled Kool-Aid on it.
Sorry, I didn't mean to get away from video gaming with kitty talk, but, yeah, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Dark Sakura, if you want to go ahead and get into the next thing for us.
By the way, if you want to join us in our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com is the place to be live on this Sunday evening as we tape on All Games Radio.
Well, there was talk about Sony getting the Netflix service, and it's coming to the, the Bravia TV.
To the PlayStation Bravia.
To the Bravia internet capable TVs.
There's actually nothing mentioned about it coming to the PS3.
There's hints of it coming to the Wii, but nothing yet.
But, yeah, Sony is actually saying right off the bat that they were going to look into content for the PlayStation Network, but they don't have anything regarding the Netflix to announce at this time.
So, in other words, not bloody likely.
Do you think that maybe Microsoft has some type of agreement where maybe this can't come to the PlayStation 3?
Well, then again, they've always talked about it for the Wii, haven't they?
And there's surveys going out, so if Microsoft had some type of exclusive agreement, maybe that can't happen. I don't know.
But, very interesting.
I don't think, yeah, they probably just, Sony might actually not want it on their platform because they have their service on there and they don't want to compete with their service.
Because they're greedy little bastards.
It's not like Netflix, I mean let's be honest, the Netflix streaming content still leaves a lot to be desired.
You are looking at the back catalog of movies that most people miss the first time.
They do have a few decent movies on there now that they have the Stars Play especially.
They do get some stuff that's recently like to cable movies, but that's about as recent as you get with a lot of this stuff.
And now they have some of the Disney movies too, I will say, which is pretty cool.
But, there's still a lot of room for improvement.
I would say the thing I like Netflix for best is the TV shows.
They do have a lot of like the NBC shows and stuff on demand type stuff.
And you can get that, but you know, there's still a lot.
I guess Sony has the TV service too though.
Maybe that's the competition, I don't know.
But Xbox has their on demand stuff too.
Maybe they just want people to buy their stupid HDTVs.
And the best thing about this though is it's certain HDTVs and you have to have it hooked up a certain way.
And it's just like a really small percentage of people actually going to be using this.
I don't know. It's neat I guess, but you know, until it's actually supported on all their TVs.
Let me get you some chat comments from chat.orangelauntrader.com. Tigerclaw asks,
Here's the thing, are those Bravia TVs come equipped with built-in Wi-Fi?
I'm guessing they must if they have the Netflix service in them.
That's kind of the thing to do with a lot of appliances now.
Like tons of things are coming out with Wi-Fi enabled.
They have little radios now that are like internet radios basically that use Wi-Fi.
They hook right into Wi-Fi.
It's getting I guess so cheap, the technology, that you're starting to see it in a lot of stuff.
It's pretty soon my toaster's going to have Wi-Fi.
And it'll, yeah, Dark Soccer's yelling from the kitchen, you can put Linux on a toaster.
You can, but also just have the toaster connected to Wi-Fi where it goes,
Ding! The toast is done. Or maybe it'll pop a message on all your computers.
Toast is done.
Why would you leave your toast to toast?
I have a comment on this.
Alright, Dark Soccer wants to make a comment on this.
They do have a stove that has a refrigerator mode in it.
And downloads recipes so that you can cook by recipe from the internet.
So it does hook up Wi-Fi and wired.
Wow.
Yeah.
Interesting.
So yeah, the fridges have Wi-Fi in them to look up recipes and things like that.
A lot of devices have Wi-Fi in them.
So I would not be surprised at all if the TV has Wi-Fi somehow built in it.
Tigerclaw goes on to say some Blu-ray players have built in Wi-Fi but cost more as opposed to the ones built with LAN.
And that's true because, you know, to get your Blu-ray firmware updates, you have to be connected to the internet somehow, right?
Yeah.
Dark Charger in chat says, seems funny that even standalone Blu-ray players offer it from Samsung and LG.
I've heard about that too, the whole Blu-ray slash Netflix players. I've heard about that.
Deathwishing is asking for less movie news, more gaming.
Well, I guess you could tie this into gaming somehow because let's face it, those gaming consoles, the 360 and Playstation 3,
the movies are a big part of the business and kind of how they're getting into more and more homes, right?
Because maybe mom and dad and grandma aren't so interested in playing Tomb Raider on it, but they'd be more interested in downloading movies.
Watching Tomb Raider on it.
Possibly.
No, probably not.
What was the other comment we had in here?
If you want to add your comments, chat.orangecharger.com.
Dark Charger also says, seems funny that even standalone Blu-ray players...
Oh, I'm sorry, I read that one already. Where was the one?
Ah, sorry.
Dark Charger said, my guess is Sony doesn't want it because it competes with their own service in their eyes.
Well, I guess we'll see what develops.
I think it's inevitable it'll get something streaming more, you know, along the Netflix model at some point,
but maybe because Sony owns its own movie studio wants to do something different. We'll see.
Yeah. Well, Harmonix basically thinks, you know, this is according to Josh Randall, their boss,
he thinks that the music game genre could actually leave the consoles and actually go to more of their own standalone peripherals,
basically the plug-and-play type game things, and I know we've already kind of seen this with some things.
I know they're not very good, but...
That was my first reaction, too. Did you know that we have Strawberry Shortcake DDR?
Yes, I did.
It's plug-and-play?
Yeah, it's horrible.
Yeah, they're not that fun. Or wasn't there that one dance, like, I don't remember, maybe it was a DVD,
but there was some type of dance game that just came with a mat.
It was DDR.
Yeah, it was the DDR brand. It came with a mat, but it didn't do anything. The mat didn't do a damn thing.
It was just something, it was obviously made for three-year-olds, just for them to jump on the mat pretending they're actually doing something,
but it would just play these cheesy flash music videos on the TV. This is the kind of shit three and four-year-olds love, though.
So I forgive them for that, even if they did slap the DDR label on it, fine, whatever, it's not like they tried to market it to a serious audience.
But, you know, we've seen this kind of plug-and-play stuff before, even, yeah, like you said, the Strawberry Shortcake DDR,
and some of these other DDRs. Isn't there a Disney DDR that's plug-and-play, too?
Yeah.
Yeah. And, you know, I'm sure there's stuff besides just DDR. Well, there's DDR knock-offs, that's for sure.
And I, it wasn't, isn't there a guitar thing out there that's plug-and-play?
Yes.
Maybe I'm crazy.
There is. Jackspecific, they have the G2 Game Girl Hannah Montana guitar video game, which you will play.
Is Footy Monster listening, Footy?
You can play guitar, and they even have a trailer video for it on Amazon, and I actually did watch this earlier this week just to see what the hell this was,
because I knew it was crap, and I really had low expectations for it.
But you know what, hey, for the non, I don't know, experienced freak teen girl that doesn't give a crap, you know, for $30, you know, $33.27,
you can get this guitar, you know, that plug-and-plays into your TV, and you can actually play with Hannah Montana songs, I guess.
I don't know. But, I mean, until the technology becomes cheap enough to where they can really, you know, pack a lot of oomph inside of, you know, a little plastic controller,
I don't think this is really going to take off.
Well, what if, though, now, I'm sure this guy who made the comment has to be aware this type of thing has already been attempted,
but we've never seen anything on a large scale level. This kind of ties in, in a way, to the fact that, like, Wi-Fi is in all of our devices now.
I mean, I don't think you would see something like this get released for $30, but don't you think, for the cost of $150, maybe $200, which some of these games are getting up to,
they could build something that's essentially, it's not that it's console-less gaming, it's that the console is built into the controllers.
It's built into the drum kit. And I don't think you'd see anything on the level of the Xbox 360 or the PlayStation 3,
but I think you'd have something where, you know, it would get the job done.
You could probably get, relatively cheap, at least PlayStation 1 level hardware in one of these things really cheap, maybe even PlayStation 2 level hardware in one of these things really cheap,
where you could even go on and download songs.
I'm thinking this guy's talking about not so much the, this crap that they make for six-year-olds to, you know, to easily amuse them for a while so you don't have to listen to the wine,
but something that, you know, the more adult gamers can take seriously, and more importantly, download songs onto.
That's gonna be the big thing about these. They probably, if you bypass Xbox Live Marketplace, you bypass Sony's thing and Nintendo's thing,
what is one big thing this is really about? Cutting out the middleman. Making more money from the download songs.
I don't think it'll take off. It really, I don't think it's gonna work.
It's just because they are limited to what they can do with the hardware right now, and honestly, I think if it could be done, it would be done.
Because, I mean, obviously everyone wants to make money, and they're always trying to come up with these knock-off games.
If anything, I could see them doing something, you know, and I'm surprised Konami hasn't done this yet,
because they did this with, you know, some of their Frogger and Yu-Gi-Oh games where they have these things that you basically buy.
It's a USB thumb drive. You plug it into your computer, connects you to the internet, and you play a game.
I have one of those. It's Frogger, yeah.
Yes. So you get something like this that's either DDR or something like that. You plug the mat into your PC. Boom.
You're playing DDR. Or you plug in the guitar into your PC and you're playing Guitar Freaks or Rock Revolution.
Hopefully not Rock Revolution, but actually Guitar Freaks.
They have tons of this stuff for the TV, too. This is huge. And actually, even some hardcore gamers like this stuff,
because you have a lot of those classic video games inside the joystick.
Yeah, the flashback systems are awesome. The flashback systems are actually, you know, Atari 2600s.
Well, not just those. I'm talking about like the little joysticks that have like Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, and, you know, Baby Pac-Man or whatever.
Not Baby Pac-Man. Super Pac-Man. Like, all in. Shut up. Dark Soccer is yelling in the kitchen.
I'd like to see him try to put Baby Pac-Man. But, like, you know what I'm talking about. Like, all those little things in the joystick.
That's a big market, too.
Yeah.
So, it's not surprising. What I'm saying is that all that crap is cheap. Atari 2600 is cheap.
This would really be about taking it to the next level. Because if you can get people to pay $150 for these instruments as it is,
why not get them to pay $20 more to bypass the console? And then, you know, even if the developers have to take a hit on the cost of that,
they'd make the money back on download content.
Yeah.
I don't know, guys. In chat, would you guys be interested? Let's say they could build something like this that would be at a PlayStation 2 level.
Let's say that you could basically get Rock Band on a PlayStation 2 without needing the PlayStation 2.
Or even, let's think, even beyond this.
Would you be interested in this?
Like, through, like, say, a cable provider like Comcast or something like that, you're, you know, plugging your controller into the actual, you know,
cable box and you go on their on-demand service and you're downloading songs or something like that.
Or, hell, you could even have it where you stream songs, you know, and play, you know, that way.
I mean, there's a whole lot of, you know, things they could really do with it. But I still don't think it's going to take off.
You know, and funny enough, I know I've talked about this on the show before, but back in the day, way back in the day,
my cable provider, this is, I'm talking the mid-80s, okay, my cable provider actually had an on-demand video game service.
You would buy these tokens that would cost, like, 10 bucks or whatever, and for, like, 25 cents each,
basically you would use your, like, $10 balance or whatever, for 25 cents each, you could play these little video games
that were, like, on an Atari 5200 kind of graphics level that you would play through the cable.
And I don't know if the box just happened to double as a video gaming system or what that was,
but it's fascinating to me you haven't seen cable providers do that in a long time.
The mid-80s, folks, a lot of you guys weren't even born yet. There were video games, like, on demand through the box.
Yeah, you had that too. But Sega Channel really didn't take off, you know what I mean?
But you could do this stuff. I'm kind of surprised that cable has not tried to get back into this,
especially with Comcast, especially, you know, I know them because they're the local provider here,
getting into DVR and movies on demand and telephones now.
Yeah.
And Jason says, totally not worth the investment. I remember liking the thing as a kid. I don't know.
Jason says there's no other way to do it. Not yet, anyway.
I don't know. It's just, I understand, you know, you can buy, like, these peripherals and stuff now,
and they are expensive, but, you know, at least you can use them for a few games and get some use out of them.
I don't know, and the flashback systems are good for what they are. I mean, it's some old, you know,
Atari 2600 games. You can hack them, though, so you can actually plug in your own cartridges.
Cheap thrills. That's what they are, cheap thrills.
Exactly. It's what you give your kids to play.
Alright, well, we'll see what happens with the music games in the future. I think it'll happen.
I think it'll happen, and I think it'll happen by Christmas. Maybe not this year, but they better hurry up
and do it, though, before the music, because, you know, Guitar Hero is forcing the music game series
to jump the shark, so it'll be interesting to see what happens.
Rumor is going around the internet this week that possibly we have a Kane and Lynch fiasco part 2.
Remember this? This is a whole fiasco.
I think it'll be part 3.
Is it part 3?
It did Tomb Raider. The last Tomb Raider game did the same thing.
Well, look, let's catch people up if you forgot. There was this whole fiasco at GameSpot where it was rumored,
it was never really proved one way or the other, that Eidos was buying off GameSpot to give Kane and Lynch
essentially decent reviews, and I remember it kind of resulted, wasn't that the reason why some people,
the one guy got fired was because his review for the game was bad and the company had paid a lot of money
or whatever, so they put a lot of heat on to fire the guy, but then everybody in the situation denied it.
Everybody in the scenario denied it, but it was one of those things where, gee, it all just looks too coincidental,
I think was what happened.
Well, the rumor is that Eidos could once again be messing around with review scores.
There's a nasty little story going around the blogs this week saying that
Eidos has an embargo on the review copies of Arkham Asylum, the Batman Arkham Asylum game,
and basically you cannot release your reviews until the end of the month,
but if you put the game on the cover of your magazine and have a review score with 90% or above,
then you can break the embargo early.
That's the rumor going around, and I'm sure a lot of us are looking at that going,
man, that's just shady.
And then there's others of us, including myself, that's sitting around going,
I can't wait to see what magazines have Batman Arkham Asylum on the cover next month
because those are the magazines you can no longer trust.
And these are basically, this isn't the first time this has happened.
Back in November 2008, Eidos basically was putting the same type of pressure on publishers
saying that if you're planning on reviewing Tomb Raider Underworld at less than an 8.0,
Eidos will need you to hold your review until Monday.
But if you're going to put it out now, you can put it out at a higher review.
It was like, seriously, you're going to attempt to do that?
In their defense, I understand why they're doing that because obviously they want the positive buzz going into it.
Not that I'm going to say Batman Arkham Asylum is going to be a horrible game
because it's not, it looks good.
But, you know, that's why they're doing that.
But it's still crappy.
It looks good, but after playing it at E3, my worry is it's going to be very repetitive.
But of course, I find those types of fighting games to get very repetitive very quickly.
I think it's going to be more of a rental.
But again, I'm completely judging things off a 15 minute demo I played at E3.
Do not take that as my final review of the game.
But I am a little nervous.
But I am a huge Batman fan, so, you know.
But I just want to clarify now.
Now that we've kind of said that, I do want to state this, because this is important,
is that Kotaku ran an update to their version of the story.
Eidos apparently contacted them, extremely denying the story, saying, quote,
With regards, an article posted on Ram Raider, which was the original site.
Which, by the way, Ram Raider?
I mean, I understand what they're, like, you know, Ram that you have on a computer.
But I don't want to, I don't want to make enemies, but Ram Raider? Really?
That's just begging to be made fun of. I'm sorry.
That's just a blog. It's literally like a blog run at blogspot.com.
Seems like the name of the bad porn.
I know, I know. But anyway, sorry.
I hope nobody from that site listens to the show.
I don't mean to make fun, but look at all the attention and extra views you're getting this week.
Anyway, Eidos said,
With regards to the article posted on Ram Raider alleging that Eidos has fixed review scores for Batman Arkham Asylum,
we want to state that no discussions have been held about review scores with any magazines.
In short, there is simply not one shred of truth in this article except for the title of the game.
And that is from John Brooke, the head of UK marketing for Eidos.
So they deny it, saying this is not true.
And what, you know, to be fair to them, what a good lie that would be to say that any magazine that puts it on the cover
and has a review score of 90% or above is kind of breaking the rules a little bit.
But it'll be interesting to see.
I think one way you could prove this story true is what sites have their reviews up by a certain day.
Are they all good news? You know what I mean?
Like you could see if this is true or not based on what comes out.
And also if they're coming out and saying, oh, this is the exclusive review of this.
I hate exclusive reviews of anything because that's retarded.
This is my exclusive impression of this game.
Yes, it is.
Your early review. That's what it is. Your early review.
Well, I know what's going to happen is it's going to leak out because it's Eidos.
And because it's a game that they're probably going to ship early.
So it's going to leak out to the internet and everyone will know if it's crap or not.
And it will be already out there.
And they're going to have a bunch of independent blog sites and stuff giving their reviews, breaking all the other embargos.
So it doesn't matter. You're not going to get what you want anyway.
So too bad.
This is how the things work.
Which is a darn shame because if Batman is a good game, even this rumor sadly puts a little blemish on it.
And to be honest, not one that's actually that important.
I mean, even amongst all the hardcore gamers, the people that listen to these shows and read the blogs.
I think the audience for Batman Arkham Asylum is way bigger.
You know, when you consider there's lots of Batman fans out there.
The people that saw The Dark Knight, which is, you know, just a huge, grossing movie and everything.
I think there's a big casual gaming audience for this.
And by casual gaming, I mean the college kids who thinks video games are cool but don't obsess about them like the rest of us do.
If that makes sense.
I don't think they'd give a shit one way or the other about the ratings.
Without a doubt, I think it's going to be a big game.
I think it would be too.
You know, coming out in August, there's really only Madden, this, and Wolfenstein, and maybe Section 8.
Those are the big games for August.
And, you know, I mean, I think this is probably going to be better than Wolfenstein.
So, I'd say it's like at least the second, you know, top two of the month.
Some comments from our chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com.
Live on this Sunday evening, July the 12th.
Dark Charger says, let's not forget that it could also go the other way around.
Hey, we'll give you a good review.
Can we please break this embargo?
Interesting perspective.
Could it be that sometimes the offering party is not the game company, but the over-eager site that wants to get the first jump on the review?
All it's about is its hits and subscriptions is really what it comes down to.
Because, you know, if they have the review early, then, you know, everybody picks up.
Oh, hey, you know, such and such site or magazine has a review early.
They put a link to it.
Everybody goes and visits it or, you know, looks at the magazine to see what the impressions are on it.
And, you know, that's it.
And then, you know, if it's the other way around, hey, you know, we'll give you a good review if you let us break the embargo.
I have a problem with that anyways because, you know, once again, there are certain websites, IGN, that like to have exclusive reviews about games and stuff like that just to get more page hits.
And that's all they really care about is just hits to their site.
And I'm sure that they make a lot of, you know, negotiations with these people.
Hell, we've seen it firsthand, negotiations about breaking embargoes and stuff.
It's just a tool to, you know, make these sites feel special and to get more hits.
Bobby in chat says, true story, I was doing a review of a certain game series and was allowed to somewhat break the embargo.
The embargo was midnight on Monday morning and my show is on Sunday night if I like the game.
But they wouldn't let me break the embargo if I didn't like it.
Dude, I'm telling you guys, I've been saying it for seven goddamn years, independent is the only people you can trust.
Believe it.
You know, I kind of hope the game leaks out early because I want to review it and break any embargo that they have.
But what if, wait a minute, you can't, you know, you can't get on here and say it's bad just because of this.
No.
You have to be fair.
Either way it goes.
You know, I'd be honest, I'm always honest about my games.
Why would I, it's not going to help anybody if I lie about, you know, whether a game's good or not.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't, honestly, I don't care enough because Eidos isn't doing anything for me.
They aren't giving me anything for free.
They aren't, you know, treating me special.
What do I care?
You know, I don't care either way.
So, big deal.
If their game sucks, their game sucks.
If it's good, good for them because they haven't had a lot of games that didn't suck.
So, yeah.
Mini Ninjas looks good though.
I'll give them that.
But, yeah.
Alright, well, we'll move on.
In the meantime, we'll continue to be as honest as possible in our reviews of games.
So, we have something called Integrity.
Yes.
So, anyway, let's move on.
We've got some more gaming news to talk about tonight.
Release date's coming up as well as a quick break before too long.
Well, we are seeing something that's a little kind of old coming out in an old way.
But it's new.
But it's old.
It's old, but it's new, but it's old.
Okay.
It's a new item done in an old way of an old franchise.
Tell us what the hell it is already.
Mega Man.
Cool.
We have Mega Man demo released for the Atari 2600.
What?
Yeah.
It was done for the I Am 8-Bit show.
And it's actually on Atari's Atari Ages forum now.
So you can go download and play it on your emulator.
And by the way, if you want to hear some of the sweet Atari 2600 music, here you go.
See if you recognize what stage this is.
That's right.
It's Elec Man.
There you go.
And this demo, by the way, is insanely short.
It's like three screens.
They play these three screens and then they go up to where the boss is and then fight the boss.
And the poor little guy dies on the boss, but...
The physics are very well done.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
It looks like four screens.
So if you count Elec Man's screen, it's like a fifth screen.
With the same little mini monsters, the little dudes that are on the ground crawling back and forth.
Yeah.
But still, I mean, neat concept, right?
Yeah.
But they're moving right.
And then horrible flicker when the guy gets to Elec Man.
But, hey, you know, there's only so much you can do with the hardware.
Yeah, there's some games you can make flicker work for you.
I guess that's true.
But, yeah, you know, it's interesting.
It's neat.
And I think it's more of a novel thing from, oh, that's, you know, oh, it's Atari 2600, ooh.
You know, that kind of thing.
But this does beg the question, why?
Because it can.
It's a labor of love.
I guess that's the only way you can justify it because, I mean, really?
It's something that you'll download and you'll play for five minutes and you'll go, oh, that's kind of cool.
And tell your friend, oh, ha, ha, ha, look at this.
And then you're done.
But the sad thing is it probably took the guy five days to put it all together, you know, or even longer maybe.
Maybe, maybe.
You can make a whole Metroid game in a day with the Metroid level editor.
And, you know, with the Atari games, you just have to know your basic programming and they're done.
You can probably do that in a day.
Jason in our chat room, VXJXV says, they do what they want, or I'm sorry, they do what they must because they can.
Get it? Forget it.
I, no, I get it.
And honestly, actually, I think that that's about the most accurate way to describe it.
He can do it?
Fine, do it.
Free country, your server space.
All right.
Well, we're going to do what we must because we can right now with some release dates.
Loki, take it away with the US releases.
Not much coming out this week, unfortunately.
Got a couple greatest hits games, Transformers on the PSP, now greatest hits.
I'm surprised it took this long.
And Call of Duty Road to Victory is now greatest hits as well.
Both of those can be found for 20 bucks on the PSP.
Brand new stuff, Sherlock Holmes Mystery of the Mummy on the DS.
Also coming out on PlayStation 2, the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the PSP.
NCAA Football 2010 is your big game for the week.
Ripping off on the Cookie Moa franchise, Science Papa coming out on the Wii and DS this week.
Was that from the same company?
No.
Oh, funny.
From Activision.
Tony Hawk Project 8 also hitting greatest hits on PSP.
Lot of PSP greatest hits this week.
And also Marvel Ultimate Alliance also greatest hits on PSP.
And then the last game this week, Birthday Party Bash, it's basically a birthday party
in a box with coloring sheets and fun stuff like that.
Oh, yay.
A generic party game and that's available on the Wii from Take-Two.
That's it.
It's a slow week.
Oh, and a whole ton of controller skins for all your favorite college football teams available
on Xbox 360 and PS3.
Alright, well, moving on to Japanese release dates.
Nothing on Xbox 360 this week, but there is a game on PlayStation 3.
Professional Baseball Spirits version 6 is out this week from Konami in Japan and this
is like a very realistic type of baseball game because you know baseball is pretty popular
over in Japan and very realistic looking game.
It's a pretty cool looking baseball game with all the Japanese teams and such, I'm sure.
I don't know if it's an officially licensed thing or what.
I'm not that familiar with the series, but the graphics look pretty good from the screenshots
I can see.
That's really the only big release on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Going to the Nintendo Wii, the only game that's out on there is Nihon Yaku Kiku Shonen Batting
Revolution.
Yes, that's right.
Another baseball game, but this one's on the Wii and it is not the same type of game.
It's not from Konami either.
It's from a company called Alpha Unit.
That's really it on the consoles this week.
Looking at the handhelds real quick.
By the way, that baseball game is also being ported to PlayStation 2 if you haven't upgraded
for whatever reason.
But if you are on the DS, you get some Disney games this week.
Bolt is coming out as well as Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Although, to be fair, that's EA, not Disney.
Those are out on the Nintendo DS this week.
I'm sure those are just translations of the American versions of those games.
Awatama is another game out this week on the Nintendo DS.
And quickly going to the PSP.
There really isn't a whole lot out unless you are a fan of Ys.
Yay!
Ys I and II Chronicles is the big game this week on the PSP.
So check that out.
I have that on the PC Engine.
That's really it as far as release dates go this week.
By the way, though, I do want to quickly say one thing I noticed that's being marketed here
on this site where I get the Japanese release dates from.
This new Korean thing called the Wiz.
Have you heard of this, Loki?
It's like a little handheld device that looks like, I guess you could say like a Game Boy Advance
is what it looks like.
But what it is, it's actually a little mini computer that is like, it's 533 megahertz with a 3D accelerator
open source platform Linux operating system on it.
And it's this tiny little thing.
Yeah, they've got a few of those.
Hell, they were showing off some of those at like the last, not last E3, but the last E3 went before that.
Maybe this has been out a while and I'm just now noticing it because it's on sale or something.
But it just looks neat.
It does video and everything.
They have a bunch of them, yeah.
They're out there.
A lot of open source platforms.
I think the other one was like GPX2 or something like that.
I don't know what it's called.
Looks like a direct competitor to the PSP in a way.
Yeah, and it's all open source and there are some pretty cool stuff you can get.
I think you can get like Beats of Rage and stuff like that for it.
Cool.
Well, I've only got one thing for our UK releases.
What's that?
On the 17th, Bionic Commando for PC.
That's a very slow week for releases, isn't it?
Yeah.
All across the board.
Yep.
Alright, well I guess things will probably pick up, you know, especially as we get into September, October is when we're going to start seeing the holiday games come out.
So, we deal with this lull and then we're going to be overwhelmed with stuff.
Let's get back into a couple more gaming stories and our classic game of the week.
Loki.
Yes.
So, this is kind of interesting since we were talking about game releases and everything.
There are two big games, of course, coming out this fall from Activision and EA.
It's Our Hero 5 and the Beatles Rock Band.
And, you know, those games are definitely going to be very hot sellers on all platforms.
Well, the thing is, this is also kind of a test for Activision and EA.
You see, this is the first game, or the first two games that are being released on the Wii that are going to be a $60 price point.
And now, these are not only, you know, these are not a bundle of any sort.
This is just a game by itself.
The game software is $60.
And, you may think, well that's not a big deal because, you know, the Xbox 360, we've been paying those prices since launch.
But, I have a feeling this may be a start of another new trend where, I don't know if you remember with like Xbox Live Arcade and stuff like that.
You know, top price at one point was, you know, $10 or 800 Microsoft points.
Then, there was one game out there that decided, hey, you know what, let's try, you know, charge 1200 Microsoft points.
Was it Luminous, the first one that went to $15?
It was Luminous or maybe, I'm not sure what the other one might have been.
But, Luminous was a good example of that.
And, you know, there's, you know, after that, you know, that sold pretty well so they decided, hey, you know, we can start releasing games more for, you know, $15.
And then, they're all, you know, let's release another game for $20.
And, you know, now we're getting a $20 price point game.
So, I have a feeling that the, you know, trend now with the Wii where $49.99 seemed to be the kind of the cap.
Because, I mean, after all, a lot of the Wii games that were out there were being developed at the same time on the PlayStation 2.
And, really, there is a limitation of what they can do with the hardware.
But, I guess they're thinking now that the features are close enough to each other that now it warrants a higher price point.
I don't know if everybody's noticed that, you know, it's a higher price point and how many people actually game on the Wii like with, you know, Guitar Hero and stuff.
But, that's kind of a disturbing trend.
Interesting comments in chat. Alfconanagram asks, was it the Penny Arcade game?
Now, that was the first $20 game. I know that was the first $20 game.
Yeah.
Then, Darkcharger says, I checked out Major Nelson's site and lots of users are unhappy about the $1200 price point.
Well, you know, you have to kind of look at both sides of it.
Is that, of course, people are going to be pissed they have to pay more.
But, you have to kind of wonder, is it justified?
You know what, for an in-depth game like the Penny Arcade game and Luminous and even the, well, Luminous nickel and dimed us to death a little bit.
But, I'll say more, the Penny Arcade game, Braid, you know, a lot of these games are worth $10 to $15.
You know what, you may not think so, but in my mind, the stuff that really was for $5 was the remakes of 80s video games, 80s video games where they didn't really do much to it.
Yeah.
I'm talking about the Pac-Mans, the Jiruses, the, you know, those old school, Froggers, those old school games where, you know, they didn't really do that much to it but reskin it.
That was $5.
A lot of this other stuff that they're building from the ground up, you know what, face it, a lot of it's worth $10 if not more.
But, here's my problem though.
My problem is that these games, like for the Wii and Playstation 2 versions of like Guitar Hero 5.
Now, the only difference I can see with Guitar Hero 5, and this isn't even really, I think, justifying the fact that they can charge more,
is with Guitar Hero 5, you know, I'm sure the graphics are gonna be the same in both versions.
I bet you anything they're developing them, the same company's probably developing both of them.
The only difference is you'll probably get download content with the Wii version, which is fine.
Because, you know, right now I don't think World Tour has download content on the Wii.
Maybe they do, I don't remember, but I don't think they do.
I think Rock Band 2 is the only one that does it right now.
Okay, so maybe they feel that they're more justified for that.
But, at the same time, you're kind of ripping off the consumer who's gonna go and purchase more tracks online for more money.
Making more money in the long run.
But, there's no way that these two games, like on the 360 and PS3, are gonna play exactly the same as the Wii version.
I mean, graphically, it's impossible that they're gonna look the same.
You know, I know that's not that important for a guitar hero game, but who cares?
You know, there is a difference.
And, I think that the fact that all the Wii games out there have been, you know, $49.99.
Why should this change? I mean, Guitar Hero Metallica and stuff, the last few Guitar Hero games have been the same price.
You know, why change it now?
And, same with Beatles Rock Band. What's the point?
I mean, I know Beatles, it's gonna be a more, you know, I guess, developed game.
It's a whole different style to it.
And, yeah, I'm sure that, you know, the graphics aren't gonna suffer too much, you know, on the Wii.
But, still though, I think it's a rip-off.
And, I think we're gonna start seeing more games where it's like, oh, but look at all these extra features that we added in.
But, you know what? You would have added those features anyways if you charged a $50 game.
And, maybe you should.
Because, you know, a lot of these Wii games out there aren't just, I can't justify the price point.
You know what? I gotta be honest, I don't blame them.
I mean, on one level, it's the same damn game that you get on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
So, why shouldn't they be paying the same price?
Granted, I know the Wii is a more limiting system.
But, at the same time, I mean, that's Nintendo's fault.
Not the developer.
Okay, so World Tour on the Wii does have download content, according to Act Def.
So, then really, if they've done the same stuff on World Tour already and Rock Band 2,
if they both have download content, they're not really developing a new engine, I don't think, for these games, other than the art style.
So, I don't see where the cost is coming into play.
The cost isn't, I don't think, it's not an extra cost, Loki, it's the same cost.
It's the same price point that they have on the other systems.
I mean, I know it sucks, 60 bucks for a game is very expensive, but it's not like you and I aren't gonna buy this game on the Wii anyway.
We're gonna be spending the extra 10 bucks to get it on one of the better systems.
Or, when I say better, I mean, you know, with the better graphics and things that are tailored a little more to these games.
But, in a way, I don't really fault the developer for it, they're charging the same price for the same game that they have on these other systems.
If it can't technically pull off the same thing, that's Nintendo's fault.
I think, well, you know, fine, if people don't have a problem with this now, then don't balk at it when more of your favorite games come out at a $60 price point.
Wait until Nintendo figures this out, that they can charge $60 for your next Mario game or your Metroid game and stuff like that.
And, you know what? People aren't gonna balk at it, then why shouldn't they charge those prices? Let them shoot themselves in the foot.
But, I wanna go back to the thing about the Xbox, you know, because if the games really aren't worth $60, they're not gonna sell.
There's gonna be a backlash, wait and see. I, you know, I would think twice about putting down $60 for some of the crap Nintendo picks out.
Well, I think this is almost like the same thing that, you know, like GameStop does with their Wii accessories, where they charge $5 over retail for them.
Because most consumers on the Wii don't know any better, and that's what it's gonna come down to.
Oh, well this Guitar Hero is $60 this time. Oh well, I'll just pay $60, and that's what it's gonna come down to.
But, if no one's really putting up a fuss about it, then yeah, people are gonna start having to pay more.
I don't really care, cause like I said, I don't play these games on the Wii, so they can do whatever they want, but I'm just looking out for everybody else.
I wanna go back though and say quickly about the Xbox Live thing, because, you know, there's a lot of people that think all the games should be $5,
or that, you know, all the games should be no more than $10. Well look, how can you say that the games should all be $10,
and then you turn around and plunk down $1025, $1050 even, $11 in some cities, to go see a movie that might stink,
and it's only 90 minutes long to maybe two and a half hours, you know what I mean?
Honestly, I think a $15 price point for a lot of games is justified.
Not all of them, some of them are real stinkers and don't have a thrill that lasts very long,
but I think $15, hell even $20 for some of the games, is actually kinda justified.
And you know what's good about Xbox Live and even the PlayStation Network? There's demos.
You can check them out first, you know, whereas like a movie, you can't, I mean I guess the trailer is sort of the demo for the movie,
but you know, you can't really check out Wii games. I mean, granted, you can probably get a good idea of what Guitar Hero 5 is going to be like in Beel's Rock Band,
but there are no demos on the Wii. None. Unless you go to a kiosk.
Which is too bad, because I would actually probably buy more Wii things if I could demo them first.
I've bought, I think, four games on the Wii, WiiWare. I bought that Bit.Trip Beat, and I need to get the new one.
I bought Defend Your Castle, but that was only like a day one WiiWare, I want to see what a WiiWare game looks like type of thing,
which, you know, wasn't a terrible game, but it wasn't great either.
I bought the Gradius Reimagining, which was pretty cool, and that actually might be it.
No, Final Fantasy IV, I bought that, which was so far the best one out of the bunch.
So, you know, but even the Final Fantasy IV, the after years, that's going to be like $35 after all the episodes,
but my whole thing is that, you know what, I paid $10 this week to see a 90 minute movie.
If I get 30 hours of gameplay out of this $35, I think in a way that's money well spent.
So, we'll see.
Joshi16 in chat says, the demo saved me $15 on Battlefield 1943. It isn't bad, just not for me.
And I think, you know, again, I think we talked about, you know, Battlefield 1943 definitely appeals to fans of a certain genre.
And to be fair, you know, with the Wii and music games are involved, they've actually been charging the same price points for bundles,
like their, you know, instrument bundles and stuff like that.
I guess that's fine, whatever, you know, people haven't balked at that yet, and I guess they're not going to balk at this,
but you know what, don't come complaining when all the games get more expensive.
You know, hell, we're going through a recession and now all the games are going to get more expensive.
Because people need their entertainment.
Exactly, so you know, I don't know, not bothering me, but you know, like I said, I'm just bringing this up to everybody so that you notice,
because you might not have, and you know, it is a big deal and you should let them know if you don't like it.
Alright, one more story for you guys before we get to the Classic Game of the Week,
and it's kind of one of those things where I really just want to let this guy rest in peace already,
but I think we have to bring it up, and it's a story about Michael Jackson.
Apparently, what's going on right now, the MJJ Production Company, this is the people that were, you know,
Michael Jackson's kind of production company that did some various tie-in things that involved the Michael Jackson brand and image.
Apparently, they have confirmed to MCVUK, which is a website for news, obviously,
that a game that stars Michael Jackson and featuring Michael Jackson music has actually been in production at MJJ Productions
for several months, and supposedly it's going to be out this holiday season.
So that's, you know, before he, you know, obviously died, they were already working on this game.
They have not said what the game is, no information about the developer, what the heck it's about.
Some people are wondering, but they did say Michael Jackson loved games, which, you know, if you consider all the...
Did you see the pictures of his arcade?
Dude, I wanted to buy the BeatMania machine. They were only asking like a thousand dollars for it.
I want his pinball tables. I want the pinball tables.
Yeah, I know, but unfortunately now that he passed away, all that stuff's going to triple in value, so there's no way I can have it now.
But if he had still been alive, I was so going to get that BeatMania machine.
How awesome would that be to own something that Michael Jackson once had?
I was saving the money to get that BeatMania machine. I'm not even kidding.
I looked at it.
Were you? Would I have been bidding against you? Probably.
Didn't he have a DDR machine? I think he had a DDR machine.
I think he did.
I would have totally bought that.
So anyway, regardless, unfortunately now none of us are going to be able to afford that.
I don't want any of his arcade games. I don't have room for arcade games.
See, I do.
I still want a DDR machine, though.
I have that garage. I could totally...
Wouldn't you love, in the OLR studio, the old one anyway, a BeatMania machine sitting in the corner?
They're not really all that hard to find. You just have to know where to look.
Yeah, but I want the one that Michael Jackson had. That's got a story behind it.
Alright, well forget it.
Anyhow, here's the thing.
One possible idea is that maybe this isn't a new game, but it could be like Moonwalker on Xbox Live Arcade.
Which, considering the flurry of Genesis revivals we've seen, is certainly a possibility.
Who knows? Maybe even Space Channel 5, because Michael Jackson did play a role in Part 2.
Ah, I somehow did that.
Even both!
I think, if anything, it would be like...
He had a major role in 2, though.
That's true.
It could be like a music game that had a tie-in with his new comeback tour that he was gonna do.
Or something.
You know, Frisbee has an interesting comment in chat.
What about SingStar Michael Jackson?
That's not a bad thought.
Especially now.
That would be cool. I would love to see a Michael Jackson rock band game.
Would be so awesome.
I think it's inevitable you're gonna see something maybe next year.
Maybe that'll be the next rock band game.
That would actually be pretty sweet, I've gotta say.
That would be awesome.
But, I don't know. Does a lot of his music cater to the rock band series of instruments?
Who cares? It doesn't matter.
I mean, they played instruments, okay? They had guitars and drums.
We had Slash.
Therefore, it will work.
I guess that's true.
I guess it could happen, but, I mean, you know, if you want to talk about, you know,
since they went all out for the Beatles with the whole reskinning and reimagining of the game's interface,
I think Michael Jackson is at that same level, you know, right up there with ABBA.
Okay, in all seriousness, Michael Jackson is definitely at that level.
If you change your mind.
What?
Nothing.
Or Journey. I'm the first in line?
Yes.
Honey, I'm still free. Yes, or Journey.
Take a chance on Michael.
But let's face it, you know, despite my personal taste, Michael Jackson is universally at that level,
where I could see them doing a whole game about him. Who knows?
Marissa Cungusto in chat confirms there are guitar parts on 70% of his songs, believe it or not.
I guess that makes sense.
You know, I just made it, what was that for?
Guitar Hero World Tour.
Was it really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
God, I hope it's not a Guitar Hero game.
Isn't that sad that I say that?
I hope it's not Guitar Hero.
I hope it's Rock Band.
But just looking at the Beatles versus Van Halen, you can just tell which one had more effort put into it.
I'm sorry.
Sorry developers of Van Halen who spent time on it, but you just didn't spend enough time?
Alright, let's get into a segment here on the show we like to call the Classic Video Game of the Week.
Now, Dark Sakura has already hinted during her gaming week that she took a trip down memory lane this week with Tiara, I think?
Yeah, I played that by myself, but we did go to the pinball thing together.
Okay, well, but there's a classic video game of the week that Dark Sakura played this week that she thinks,
you know what, maybe all the kiddies should be playing this game this week.
So Dark Sakura, what is the Classic Video Game of the Week?
The Classic Game of the Week is Seiken Densetsu 3.
And it is the sequel to what we got as Secret of Mana.
Let's hear a little clip.
Right now our adventurers are in a little cave.
Yeah, sadly all of the music that I found was either the entire music or boss battle stuff, but I found this leading up to a boss battle.
The other one, I think, was a boss battle.
I'll play after that.
But this one is actually very unique.
You have a bunch of different classes, you have six characters, each of them have their own stories, and you play them in a combination.
So basically the way that you start, it's got the same type of real-time combat, you've got the same ring menu as Secret of Mana, but it's just different.
You've got, of course, your magic attributes on each character that sort of changes exactly how well they can use certain things.
You also can change your class by going light or dark, and then light light, light dark, dark light, and dark dark.
And you change up the first one at level 18 with a mana stone, or the next one is 38 with a special item.
So it's sort of different.
Also, with most of your enemies, you can actually run away from them, you can disengage your fight.
But your boss battles, you pretty much end up locked into your boss battles, so you've got all that.
You can, when you defeat all the enemies on screen, you can actually get a treasure chest, and it has a prize in it.
So that's cool.
But the difference is that instead of setting their range and aggression, you actually set how they actually fight in battle, like whether or not they want to do support, or area effect, or an individual target,
or if you're going to use your full power gauge, if you're going to use your full magic gauge, or if they're going to use magic if you control how they cast their magic.
But as far as the leveling up, you've also got the class system, you can change to a light class or a dark class, and you've got different abilities based on each of those.
You also have a different day of the week, where an elemental spirit is in charge of that day, and based on that day, that type of magic will be stronger.
Like you have Luna Day for Moon, Salamander Day for Fire, Undine Day for Water, Dryad Day for Wood, Jin Day for Wind, Gnome Day for Earth, and Mana Holy Day, where all of your magic is balanced.
So you'd have, of course, a different elemental showing on your screen to indicate what day it is.
With this one you play as different characters, they've actually been, there is a very fantastic fan translation in English that actually has all the in-game sprites translated into English, so it is a 100% translation.
I remember when that first came out, that was a big fucking deal when that thing first came out.
Oh yeah, it was a big big deal, but your characters in this are, you have Angela, who is a princess with magic power, you have Doran, who is a swordsman, you have Hawkeye, who is a thief,
Bryce, who is from the Wind Kingdom, Kevin, you have Charlotte, the Dark Prince, you've got all these different characters, but when you start off with your six, you start off with a main character and then choose two to partner with them.
So you are playing through different, you know, the story you can play through at a different time each time based on who your main person is and then who's hanging out with them.
So it's pretty neat. It really is, especially with that translation, it really is fantastic. I mean, it is seriously the best to play.
For anyone who, of course, the only way really to play this hack unless you've got some kind of cartridge conversion kit is through an emulator and I can say right now it runs very very well in the different ones that I've played it on.
And it plays on Linux! You can do good games on Linux. So I think it's well worthwhile. I love that boss right there.
Looks like a giant pumpkin head, but the actual name of the boss is Ms. Palm.
One of the bosses in the game is Jenova, with a G instead of a J.
So yeah, I totally think that it is, I think honestly for SNES RPGs, this one is about the pinnacle.
Now I apologize if I missed it somewhere in your review, but any word on why Square didn't release this over here?
I don't know.
Just pure stupidity? Lack of faith? The fact that Secret of Evermore did not live up to expectations?
Well, actually, I'm trying to do some look over. They said that Secret of Evermore was supposed to have been Seiken Densetsu 3, but they brought out something else. I don't really know the whole story on it, but they said...
Secret of Evermore was Square USA. It was like one of the only games Square USA ever did. It might be the only game Square USA ever did, and it didn't do that hot over here.
Actually, I owned it. It's not a bad game. It's just not super.
Well, part of the other reason is that they were saying that Square was deciding not to translate any more titles for a long time, and they said that it would have been too costly to produce.
Dumb, dumb, dumb.
I know, but hey, at least someone picked it up and did it. I honestly would love to see them buy the fan translation, pay for the time and effort that went into translating it, and bring it out on DS.
Pay for it with a legal order?
You know what I mean. I'd like to see them at least get compensated for all the hard work, because it had to have been a lot of work, especially since you basically had to ROM hack it to change all the sprites, too.
So it was very well done. It's a brilliant job.
Well, there you have it, your classic video game of the week, Seiken Densetsu 3, sometimes known as the lost Secret of Mana title.
That's going to do it for this part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but there's plenty more of the show to come. We're just going to take a quick break. We'll be back in just a little bit.
We've got still more stories to talk about in part B tonight. We have rapid fire news, your emails, the FUs of the week, and some more stories, including a story on Scribblenauts, and, wait for it, nudity in part B.
That's right, we're going to get naked in part B tonight. No, just kidding, but we're going to talk about nudity.
We'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, July the 12th of 2009, where we are taping our 331st episode of Orange Lounge Radio live on All Games Radio, our wonderful radio site that lets us do our show live here every Sunday night.
It's available at www.allgames.com. Of course, there's lots of other great programming on All Games Radio throughout the week. They have some stuff during the day, a program that's running every day at about, I think, 3 o'clock Pacific, and then they've got some other podcasts that syndicate on the network.
And, of course, another live show before us on Sunday nights, Bobby Black Wolf, a show that Dark Soccer and myself were on many, many, many years ago under Sedation Live on Saturday night.
Lots and lots of good stuff on All Games Radio, so check it out at www.allgames.com. We're going to get back into the video game news now, though, for tonight, and we've got some rapid-fire news.
Dark Sakura, give us the rundown on some of the other news that happened this week in the gaming world.
Well, what we're seeing for $4.99 arriving on the iPhone through the App Store is Worms 2, or, I'm sorry, is actually Worms for iPod and iPod Touch. It has 14 multiplayer unlockable items and 50 different challenges to do by yourself.
You can customize your team names. So, it's Worms.
So, if you want to be Team Worm, you can.
You can be Team Wiggle Worm if you want.
I'd rather be D-Wormed.
Can I be Team Worm in my pants?
How about some Xbox stuff?
The Xbox Live Arcade Summer of Arcade Games has dates.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Turtles in Time re-shelled to be on the 22nd of July. Marvel vs. Capcom 2 with 56 characters coming the week after that.
On August 5th is Lotion Man, and it's a character who can explode himself at will.
Yes, he gets very angry and explodes himself. That musical cue is entirely planned.
There's 50 single player and 50 multiplayer levels. Trials HD on the 12th of August.
It's a motorbike racer, 50 tracks, 2 modes, custom, blah blah blah.
Shadow Complex on the 19th of August, which is a side-scrolling adventure game.
Metroidvania game.
Yeah, Metroidvania.
And they will all be 1200 Microsoft points, except for Splosion Man, which will be 800 points.
And, also, some stuff for Guitar Hero 5, actually.
There are 24 songs already confirmed. There will be 84 bands appearing in it.
But we've got Band of Horses, Beastie Boys, Beck, Billy Squier, Blur. I love Blur.
Bob Dylan, Children of Bodom, Coldplay, Darkest Hour, David Bowie, Deep Purple.
Elliott Smith, Iggy Pop. I love Iggy Pop.
Jeff Beck, John Mellencamp, Kings of Leon, Queens of the Stone Age, Rose Hill Drive, Santana,
The Bronx, Thrice, Tom Petty, Runnin' Down a Dream. That's a great song.
Vampire Weekend, and Wolf Mother.
And, that's it.
Alright. What's also interesting, though, is before that got announced,
there was actually a full track list that's been rumored to be put out there.
And, ironically enough, actually all those artists were on there, including a bunch of other artists.
And, I'm just going to give you some highlights here with their songs.
Rammstein with Do Host is going to be in there, which I think is pretty sweet.
But rumor, right? As opposed to Dark Soccer's thing being fact, this is rumor, right?
Although, by coincidence, or not, all of the things on the rumor list ended up being on the confirm list, right?
Yes.
Okay. I just want to make sure that's clear.
Yes. Of course, Queen and David Bowie, Under Pressure.
Let's see here. Also, a couple of Tom Petty songs.
Tom Petty, Runnin' Down a Dream, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, American Girl.
They even have the Gorillaz in the game with Feel Good Inc., which will be kind of interesting.
Blur Song 2, Bon Jovi, You Give Love a Bad Name, and many, many more.
But, very interesting.
I have to say, if that is real, which it sounds like it is, it's actually a pretty freakin' good list for Guitar Hero.
As much crap as I've given the Guitar Hero franchise, I will say this song list does make me want to buy Guitar Hero 5.
It's a pretty good song list.
Assuming that it's all correct.
Which it probably is.
Yes.
And then, a little bit of bad news. We talked about last week that there was a rumor that maybe the PSP Go was a little bit faster.
That, you know, they may have upped the processor to 480 MHz.
Yeah, unfortunately, that wouldn't be the case. Actually, that processor speed was referring to the USB speed and not the CPU.
So, no, the PSP Go is still not worth your $250. Sorry.
And then, finally, EA made booboo this week, posting on their Twitter an announcement for Command & Conquer 4.
And, kind of jumping the gun a bit. Actually, it did get later officially announced in the next coming days.
But, apparently, it was kind of funny because they had the announcement, you know, EA Los Angeles announces the development of Command & Conquer 4.
And then they had a link to a press release that wasn't there yet. So, later they added a press release and it was announced.
Dope.
But, still funny.
Aren't you a big fan of Command & Conquer?
Yeah, I'm a fan of Red Alert and I actually skipped the last one. I don't know why.
But, yeah, I'm a fan of editing those to death just like I do Grand Theft Auto 4.
Alright. Well, just a handful more stories for you here for rapid fire news tonight.
Starting off with Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe. Did you know some download content was originally planned for the game?
But, after all of Midway's troubles, it looks like the download content may, in fact, be shelves.
Apparently, according to Ed Boon, who was the co-creator, of course, of Mortal Kombat, some appearances from Kung Lao and Doomsday, apparently, were going to be included in the game.
On his Twitter, actually, Quan Chi, who is from Mortal Kombat 4 originally, the character design for that character showed up on his Twitter.
So, it looks like there was definitely some stuff planned.
Unfortunately, now, though, according to Ed Boon, quote, right now, I don't see it happening.
Apparently, all the code, though, for the characters was just about done, but, unfortunately, now, all the attention is focused on Mortal Kombat 9.
I guess you can thank all of Midway's recent troubles for that.
One thing that you can download right now, though, for free, even, Elder Scrolls II Daggerfall.
You may have heard of Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, because that was a huge game a couple years ago, and I'm sure Elder Scrolls V.
I'm surprised there's not been an announcement of this, but I guess, you know, Fallout 3 was where Bethesda was putting all their resources.
But I'm pretty sure next year, I bet you next E3, you're going to see Elder Scrolls V.
Well, if you want to go back to the past and explore the roots of the Elder Scrolls series, you can go back to Elder Scrolls II Daggerfall.
It is now free for download. All you have to do is go onto the website, www.elderscrolls.com, and it's now available in the download section.
So, if you want to take a piece of gaming's history, there you go.
Also, it should be pointed out that the very first Elder Scrolls game, Elder Scrolls Arena, actually had come out already before.
So, who knows? Maybe Morrowind will come out in a few more years.
One more story for you guys tonight, and that has to do with the ever-asked-about Kid Icarus game.
Apparently, somebody had asked Miyamoto about it at E3, and his response,
Wait, please!
Actually, he didn't say it really like that. I just said it that way for dramatic effect.
But he did say, Wait, please! I'm really surprised how popular that is.
But you're the first person to ask this at E3, was apparently his comment about that.
I can't believe that was the first time. I think that was the first time someone had the balls to ask him about it at E3.
But I know it's something a lot of people are asking.
It's the first time that you've asked me about that.
Apparently. You know, but that's better than no.
But I don't know. A lot of people are maybe reading a bit too much into that.
Wait, please! Which, by the way, I love that response. I'm gonna use that. I'm gonna try to use that on the show more often.
Wait, please! It does seem a little bit hopeful, but I don't know. I don't know.
We'll see, though. Perhaps that's another thing that's coming to E3 2010, but of course, that's just what all the fanboys think. Yes?
Wait, please!
That's just like, as Frisbee says in chat, Heal, please!
Cure, please! Wait, please!
How about the game, please?
How about emails, please?
Every week, you guys send us your emails at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, and we take a few of them and we read them right here on the show.
Dark Soccer is gonna dive into the Mailbag head first, pull out some of our favorite emails, and read them for you tonight in our Mailbag segment.
Ooh!
Mail- Whoa, what the hell? That's not the Mailbag song. What the crap?
How about this instead? Alright, here is the Mailbag song.
There, much better.
Correct song, please.
Shut up!
Wait, please!
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, Dark Soccer.
Hi, OLR crew. I was wondering what you guys thought about the concept of 3D gaming.
I already know PC gamers can do this, but a compatible monitor and shutter glasses can run you $500 or more.
Once prices even out to about $100, would any of you think this would be a popular way to play?
Would people really want to do this? Would you expect 3D to come out for console?
I hope you guys could provide some input. Oh, and rob a facepalm.
For what?
I don't know. By the way-
Explanation, please.
We've had 3D games that used glasses. Hi, we had-
The Virtual Boy.
That doesn't count. I'm talking about Master System games.
You remember?
Oh, yeah!
And a few NES games. Actually, there was a version of-
Rad Racer had 3D. Remember that?
And it was a game that actually was a predecessor to Space Harrier.
It was called Adventure 3D World or something on the Nintendo?
Oh, yeah! 3D World Runner. I remember that game.
That was a 3D World Runner.
So, yeah. That's been out and it's failed.
Yeah, but a lot of those were just little flash in the pan stupid things.
I mean, let's say there was a legitimate console based around-
Let's face it. Technology's come a long way since the days of the Amazing Red-
I'm sorry, the Amazing Red Seizure Inducing Headache Machine.
AKA the Virtual Boy. Technology's come a long way since then.
You know, what if they did-
Especially, look at what they're doing with a lot of 3D movies.
Like, if you haven't seen Up in 3D, it's actually pretty cool.
And a lot of these technologies that they're doing with 3D movies-
I could see something like this going towards video gaming in the near future.
Perhaps in the next generation of consoles.
I think that's more what our emailer's asking about.
Maybe not so much this flash in the pan crap we've seen in the past.
What if they built a whole new console with today's technology out of 3D gaming?
Would it be something you'd be interested in?
My honest answer is no.
Because 3D gaming still feels like a flash in the pan to me.
And you know what? Even after watching Up, I had a bit of a headache after a couple hours.
I think it's just a lot for your brain to process in that amount of time.
I saw Nightmare in 3D. Twice.
So, I really think that 3D just- it suits movies more, it really does.
Or like those little 3D rides like, you know, the Muppet Show in 3D.
That type of thing.
Or Honey, I Shrunk the Audience.
You know, here's my honest answer.
If I see the game that convinces me I need the 3D, then I'll be a little more sold on it.
But I think it's one of those things where I think the great 3D game idea hasn't been fully realized yet.
But who knows? Is it a possibility in the future? Of course.
You're gonna see 3D games again.
It's just a matter of time.
We're inching closer and closer to the holodeck.
I wish.
Next up is from Robert M. Thank you very much for getting the podcast caught up.
Lately I haven't been able to tune in live due to long work hours as your show here in the Midwest runs until 11pm.
And I get up around 5am to get ready for the bus.
I'm wondering why Black Wolf isn't caught up with his show, especially since he's able to get his Friday night show on the feed the next day like clockwork.
Looking forward to this week's show.
I won't answer for anybody else.
I know. We can't answer for anybody else.
But we will say it's a lot of work.
And I do know for a fact he does edit the show not in a way that's gonna edit the content of the show.
But he does it to make it sound very professional.
He takes out a lot of the dead air and things that we really should do but are too lazy to.
So that's a lot of work.
I know you guys think it's just easy to slap it together and put it on the podcast but it does take me a good 30-45 minutes to tie the two parts of the show into one.
Take out the beginning. Take out the end.
Upload it to the feed which is the biggest part and then write the description.
You know it does take a little bit of time.
And you know obviously we do it because that's part of the thing we do for signing up for the show.
But just you know it can't always happen right away.
And I know a lot of folks understand that.
I'm not saying you know don't complain.
You know and I'm sure for Bobby who edits the show even further for contextual purposes it's even more so.
So you know cut the dude some slack.
He works hard doing two shows.
One more quick note.
I gave my impressions of Faze a year or so ago and recently upgraded my old video iPod due to dead pixels to an 80 gig about I sorry 80 gig iPod classic.
It really improves playing games.
The older unit had to search for the games and would usually give a game could not be played message before finally successfully loading.
Whereas the game loads on us immediately on the classic.
Also the battery life is far improved.
Between the solitaire game that comes with it and recently the iPod version.
Not to be confused with the iPhone one of peggle.
It's admittedly been a while since I've played my DS Lite.
P.S. I probably won't get Lego Rock Band but I would get a Rock Band Lego set in a heartbeat.
It is interesting how far iPod gaming has come since like Faze.
I mean Faze is only what like a year and a half two years old.
It is very interesting to see how far the games have come.
You know we've gone from Faze to Tap Tap Revenge to you know peggle on the iPhone is pretty sweet.
I hope you guys got it during the 99 cent deal because it's at a buck.
Way got that.
It's a steal.
Way got that.
And by the way I don't know if you.
We tried to post about it on the Twitter because I don't think we had it during a show time.
But Columns and Puyo Puyo was free for a limited time over the 4th of July weekend.
And I know.
Got it.
We posted about it on Twitter.
You texted me about that.
I have to be honest I wasn't a fan of how the game controlled because.
I didn't try it yet.
Well without a directional pad you kind of have to use the touch screen to control it.
And the tilt kind of controls how fast the pieces drop.
So you can only hold your iPhone in a certain way.
So I'm a little iffy on it.
But hey.
Free.
Not gonna complain.
Yeah.
Even though I am.
And it's not yours.
Very true.
Last email from Dan Shadow.
As I'm writing this Tales of Monkey Island is on my desktop waiting to be played.
When the launcher for the game popped up a thought came to mind.
Sometime around this time last year I sent you guys my first email.
By then I'd become a regular listener of the podcast.
I just never sent anything your way.
The email was about adventure, gaming, and where it went.
Sam & Max was the only one around at that time.
Hell the Strong Bad games weren't even announced at that point.
Not to mention a forthcoming announcement on Wallace & Gromit.
I remember mentioning how cool Monkey Island and Loom were.
Now here I am a year later waiting to play a brand new Monkey Island game.
I just wanted to give a toast to video games and how they bring us such joy before popping the cork on episode 1.
I also want you guys to pat yourselves on the back to always being there.
For being the outsiders looking into the world of video games.
And for making a lengthy show that helps me in the long hours of work.
Did you know that OLR is a special tab that people can now add to their personalized Yahoo front page?
That's how I found the show.
Completely by accident. Accidentally awesome.
Really? How do you do that? I've never even heard of that.
I don't know.
I think it's just RSS feeds.
Interesting. I never really looked into that. That's cool.
P.S. The email I sent a while back about chocolate and flowers, that was a Punch Out Wii reference.
P.P.S. I heard Loom is coming out on Steam soon. Is that true?
Oh hell yeah. My ass downloaded it already.
Oh god yeah. Like a ton of the LucasArts stuff came out this week.
I'll tell you what. I came close to buying Loom on freaking TurboGrafx.
Nice.
I found a place in town that has it but they want like 35 bucks for it.
Still.
I'm close. I'm close.
What store is that?
Fairgame.
Oh okay.
I'm giving them advertising.
She told me off air just so you know.
I'm giving... I'll go ahead and say it. It's Fairgame. They're pretty good guys. A little high priced but...
They have arcade machines in their store which is kind of fun.
Really? I've never been there. In all the years I've...
I've only been there once.
I should check it out.
They sell Saturn games.
We were gonna go to...
They actually do case mods and they do disc resurfacing.
Jeff and I were gonna go to Denial's today but I was like...
The realist of me knew I wouldn't be able to get out of bed early enough to go because it's the weekend and this is where I catch up on my sleep.
But don't they sell arcade games out there once in a while too?
Yeah.
They sell Saturns.
I'm gonna go on a spree at Denial's.
Trader Dan moved out there too I think.
Nice.
They don't sell full sized arcade games out there.
Really?
No. You'd be hard pressed to find that stuff because you'd have to have like...
You'd have to go to the labels and sit down once.
There the last time I went to Denial's.
There's this one guy that's outside of the flea market proper that has arcade games.
It's like in that little outside place by where the guy sells the mini donuts.
I'll check it out. I haven't been to Denial's in like six years.
By the way, it's a giant flea market by the way for those that have no idea what I'm talking about.
A little place here locally in town.
But we actually did just buy a game from Fear Game.
We bought Captain America and the Avengers for Genesis.
Nice.
Because the SNES one is ass!
And Dan totally reminded me of something and I totally think this is the truest thing.
It's funny when you go fight the Mandarin and he's like,
Behold my power!
And then you kill him in five seconds.
Nice.
So, yeah. Anyway, this one.
Alright, that was the last email.
Loom is on Steam. Go get it.
That was the last email, huh? We need more emails.
Yeah, and you need to stop telling Twitter to email me.
Mailbag at orangeloungerator.com.
One tip I gave Twitter, by the way, today was,
You know, if you're going to tell us,
Hey, have you guys seen this news story?
And it was like a really big story.
Chances are, yes, we saw the story and we're going to cover it in the show.
We want to know your thoughts.
So, make sure in your emails you tell us your opinion on anything you send us.
I mean, it's cool.
But I don't want to say don't send us stories because sometimes we do get some cool stuff that we hadn't heard.
But if it was a big story that ran on every blog,
Yes, we probably heard of it and are talking about it during the show.
But we want to know your thoughts.
It's always about your voice.
Every gamer has a voice, remember?
So, mailbag at orangeloungerator.com is the place to send your emails.
Let's talk about some more gaming stories with a few more stories before your phone calls tonight at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We've got about five stories for you guys first.
Loki.
Uh oh, it's another rumor about PSP 2.
Oh my goodness.
But yes, of course, you know with the PSP Go coming out,
I guess they've got to be working on a sequel to that.
Because, hey, why not?
Anyways, the rumor is that the PSP 2 is apparently already in development.
And that according to some inside info that Eurogamer is allegedly claiming,
that they've got their hands on information that,
Imagine technology's power VR tech will be an important part of the device.
And since without getting into too many technical specifics,
the chip code named Hydra will allow for 133 million polygons per second,
and a filtrate of 4G pixels per second.
The highest, with higher potential chip speeds, obviously allowing for more graphical power.
They said that, suggested the ballpark will match the original Xbox.
So, you know, that's not bad.
You know, PlayStation 2 quality graphics, that kind of makes sense.
And apparently the chip, I guess, will act as both the GPU and the CPU simultaneously,
increasing power and efficiency, and helping other areas of the programming for the device.
And that's just rumor right now, but we probably won't be hearing about anything,
you know, for the PSP 2 until like next year.
Obviously, probably until next year.
Because why would they announce the PSP 2's coming out?
That would be hilarious if they announced the PSP 2 coming out before the Go came out.
Just seeing the further ruin the Go's potential of actually selling.
But, uh, I don't know.
I'm still not fully sure I understand what the Hydra chip does.
You know, I'm not as big into hardware stuff.
What exactly will the Hydra chip mean for this system?
Basically, it's just a powerful chip that's going to process both, you know,
the graphics stuff and, you know, the actual game processing.
It's just a chip that's using, I guess, PowerVR, that technology.
It's just going to basically make, you know, games look like the PlayStation 2
able to be played on a portable system.
But will it blend?
Everything blends.
Oh, okay. Well, that's the important thing, I guess.
Very interesting, though, that we are getting all these details about the PSP 2
with the PSP Go still on the horizon.
I mean, this is something that's happened at SonyCamp before.
Not to pinpoint that that only happens to Sony,
because I seem to remember this whole little, like...
The Gizmondo?
Yeah, you kind of hear about these things,
or the newer N-Gage while the other N-Gage was still out, you know.
No, that was the Gizmondo.
Oh, by the way, we're going to release a widescreen version of the system
and blah, blah, blah before the actual system comes out.
Yeah, that didn't help.
Tigerclaw in chat says a graphic chip that powerful also means low battery life.
Unless they figure out something, you know.
Well, what if this is just a unit?
I mean, I'm surprised we don't see a unit that just plugs right into the wall.
And I'm not even talking about with a charger or anything like that.
You just flip out the little plug thing and just plug it right in the wall.
Wouldn't that be cool?
No, it's supposed to be a portable system.
Why the hell do I have to be tethered to a wall?
No, no, no. To charge it.
Like, the batteries built in.
Like a cell phone.
Yeah, it should be.
Yeah, it should be, but...
But then, they couldn't select the replacement batteries,
or the upgrade batteries, or all the other fun stuff.
I mean, I'm not even talking about, like, okay,
because probably folks are going, you retard DS and PSP, do that,
where you plug them into the wall.
I'm talking about without even an AC adapter.
Like, you just flick out the little, like, you know, I don't...
You flick out the little plug in the back and just plug it right in your wall.
Like your cell phone, like you said.
Yeah, I know. Well, not all cell phones have that either.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Well, here's...
Why don't they do something like...
Well, actually, they're sort of working on technology for that,
where you can charge stuff wirelessly,
where you actually have, you know, for example, they have Wii batteries
that you can get for the remotes that will actually charge through everything.
That is scary. How does that work?
I don't know. Blackmagic, apparently.
That is... wow.
But, yeah, they have them.
You know, actually, they sell them now.
You can buy them.
You basically sit the controller onto, you know, the pad.
It doesn't have any contacts. You can leave that stupid silicon thing on it and stuff.
And apparently it charges, you know, through the air.
So that's kind of scary, because I don't want electricity flying through the air,
electrocuting me, you know.
That is kind of strange how that works. Technology's weird.
But, yeah, I want to say Energizer had one.
Frisbee says it's powered by hamsters.
I'm just going to believe that, that there's miniature hamsters
and those things that power them, instead of electricity flying through the air.
Like a bad science fiction movie.
I'll see if I can find the information on it, because it's just...
It makes it sound like... remember those globes?
And I'm sure they still have them, but they were popular when I was a kid.
Like, you know, you'd see on, like, Mr. Wizard's World and shit,
like the big globes that had the lightning in them.
There's still those at Spencer's Rob.
And then when you put your fingers on the edge of them,
the lightning bolts jump to your fingers.
That's what I think of when I hear this whole charging through the air.
Like, I think, like, my house is going to turn into one of those globes.
Yeah, it's, um...
I know...
Oh, this is one of them, I think.
Was it the Incharge?
Oh, wait, that's not one. Never mind.
But yeah, I want to say it was, like, Energizer or something like that that put it out.
It was one battery company. I can't remember who put it out.
But it's crazy looking.
Oh, Energizer. Here it is.
Uses induction charging, is what it is.
And, um...
Yeah, Energizer Wiimote Wireless Induction Charger.
That's scary shit.
Black magic, I say. It's black magic.
It's a witch!
It's a witch! Burn the witch!
We found a witch. May we burn her?
All right, well, look.
Moving on to something else you might be able to get a charge out of.
How about nudity?
Let's talk about full frontal nudity.
And a story that ran on VideoGamer.com about BioWare.
Of course, BioWare was the studio behind Mass Effect,
which, you might remember, caused quite a stir behind one of its titillating lovemaking scenes in the game Mass Effect.
Well, there is an RPG coming out called Dragon Age Origins.
And apparently, BioWare is currently debating if the game should contain full frontal nudity,
because the game does have some sex scenes in it.
More cock!
So, apparently, the sex will be portrayed in cutscene-controlled environments only.
There is not going to be any type of gameplay, so sorry, no hot coffee mini-game,
where you control the thrusting or what have you.
It's part of the cinematics.
But apparently, in the game, you are going to be able to have sex with computer-controlled party members
in order to improve your relationship with them.
Like real life.
Apparently, this game was actually shown to the press behind closed doors at E3,
so that means we wouldn't have seen it.
But the sex scenes were not shown in full.
They were cut very short after they started.
By the way, of course, Mass Effect allowed the characters to have sex.
But here's the thing.
When VideoGamer.com asked the BioWare Vice President, Greg Zestchuk,
he replied, quote,
I don't think we've worked that out yet, because we can adjust that whenever we want, right?
On Mass Effect, we worked extensively to figure out how do we want to portray it.
It's not ogling pixels.
Sad, but probably titillating, too.
I think for us, it's more just making sure it fits the context of what we're trying to create.
So, in other words, what I hear is, we'll show the titties if it's for artistic purposes only,
like most actresses in Hollywood say about the nude scenes they do.
It has to be for artistic purposes.
So, here's my thing.
Look, video games are inching closer and closer to movies, right?
I'm especially thinking about Lost Odyssey, the game I've been playing this week.
The story in that game is very emotional.
And I admit, I get very verklempt at some of the things that happen in that game.
There's some very emotion-driving scenes in that.
And they do use cut scenes to portray this.
Now, granted, Lost Odyssey is not going to show titties,
because it doesn't fit the context of the game.
But what's wrong with some tits in a video game?
Especially, you know, you can't, on one hand, say titties in movies is okay,
and say that tits in games is a bad thing.
I mean, it's just...
Boobs!
It's just cock, and it's just vag.
I mean, really.
It's just a body part.
But I don't understand why our culture gets so wrapped up in this.
Especially when, oh my god, there might be tits in a video game.
So what? My god, do you know how violent games have gotten?
We've heard every word possible in a game at this point.
I mean, fuck, shit, cock, they've all been in a video game at some point.
And even if, you know, they weren't in the game,
many kids put them in anyway as the name of their characters.
Like, you know, who didn't have that Final Fantasy party
where all your character names were cock, piss, tits, and ball?
I actually didn't. I named mine after my friends.
Whatever. You know what I'm getting at, though, right?
You know, if games are getting closer and closer to movies,
if it fits the context of the game, why not?
I mean, and it's not like we've never had it before.
I mean, God of War had it, and, you know, we've seen them in other games.
Final Fantasy VII, the big deal with that was that Barret cussed.
I mean, really, what's the big deal?
It's just people who, you know, got a big butt up their butt.
A butt up their butt?
I said a bug up their butt.
I thought you said a big butt up their butt.
Isn't that a little redundant?
No, they have a big bug up their butt.
Who heard that phrase before?
Frisbee in Chat says, because boobs are worse than decapitation.
Sadly, in our culture, it seems that way, doesn't it?
It's because the people are so freaking repressed.
I mean, seriously.
And this is what I say about damn near everything.
You stop making such a big fucking deal out of it, and guess what?
It stops being a big fucking deal.
It was like, okay, for example, you can say fuck now, okay?
I was always able to say fuck.
Let me finish.
200 years ago, if you said fuck, you could be put in stocks and displayed for being profane.
What the fuck?
But you see what I mean.
Our language has evolved.
Our idea of morality has evolved.
I could go on and on about that.
It's just...
They're gonna die, Rob.
All those people with the big moral, you know, stick up their butt, so I don't say, you know, bug up their butt.
They have this big oak tree growing up their ass.
They're...
They're gonna die?
They're gonna die. Okay.
Me, some people are gonna die?
You know what I mean, though.
People are gonna move on.
Never did you bring that up again, Rob.
What is morally acceptable today is going to be tame, tame, tame, you know, 30 years from now.
It's just...
There's always gonna be a different, you know...
There's always gonna be repressed people out there.
Why do we have a comment in chat from leechum6 that says,
I think DarkSakura should shove Loki's butt up Rob's butt.
How mature are we, people?
Jesus.
How would that even work?
Why am I even trying to justify a comment like that? What the hell?
Only in our chat. chat.orangelandradio.com
Here's what I have to say.
More boobies!
More cock!
And not the animated porn star, by the way.
Michael Moorcock.
Oh, okay.
I saw it at the Lighthouse bookstore.
I was liking this more boobies tangent you were going down. Explain...
How should gamers incorporate boobies into the games?
I think that they should get those boob balls from realdoll.com
and just put them on top of their Xbox.
And then when they feel aggression at their game, they hit pause and go play with some boobies.
Look, I don't think you want to make the boob usage juvenile.
I mean, which unfortunately, that's the kind of crap that ruins it for everybody,
is that when boobies in video games becomes more acceptable,
then you're gonna see more of that stuff like, you know,
Boob Slapper 5000 on the Wii or something like that.
I'd buy that.
It's just garbage. You know, it's just absolute garbage.
But you know, I think if...
But you know what, if I...
Boobs is done tastefully.
There's gonna be garbage on the Wii regardless.
I'd rather see it all be adult garbage.
You know what?
If there were more party game collections that were all adult party games,
I think that we'd get a lot more purchases.
Well, the gaming industry is probably worried about the porn market.
I mean, think about it.
If that were to... Could that open up the floodgates to interactive porn on the Wii or the DS?
Or I mean, not the...
Not like there's not interactive porn on the PC already, Rob.
I mean, we've got Red Light District and Second Life and...
If there is a way to put porn on something...
Yeah, but Second Life doesn't count because it's furries.
If there's a way to put porn on something, porn will be on something.
People are obsessed with the Nookie.
They will... If they're not getting it in their real life, they will find some way of simulating it.
It's just...
And this is what I don't get why people are so repressed over everything.
It's just that...
Hi, humans, for the most part, are wired to fuck.
End of story.
It is whether or not...
It's, you know, you want to procreate.
Whether or not you have an interest in whatever gender one has an interest in,
or even what species one has an interest in,
human beings, for the most part, are wired to fuck.
That is a genetic imperative.
That is built into the DNA.
And while some people are not wired to fuck, and I, you know, fully...
I mean, people... Fantastic.
Asexual, right?
Some people are wired that way.
Most people are wired to fuck.
Including all of those repressed, right-wing, you know, Republican assholes
who want to, you know, or all of those, you know, religious right people, you know.
How many of them have we heard of, you know?
Oh, having affairs with Playboy bunnies in the 80s, or, you know,
senators getting blowjobs in the bathroom, or, you know,
governors running off to Argentina to go get some Argentinian nookie.
I'm looking at some of the stuff in the chatroom at chat.orangelandrejo.com.
Obviously, a text like... a chat like this is getting a big response.
Joshi16 says, Dark Sakura for President 2012.
More boobies, more cock.
Let's see, what else do we have here?
Frisbee said, Kevin Smith said that he was going to put more cock in his films
because one of his movies got an NC-17 at first.
It is a little silly.
I mean, and think about it.
If you could put this type of stuff in our culture,
you could show people how to do it the safe way.
Like, imagine, like, if people did this, but they would stop and, you know,
put on a condom first, it might help, you know, put the image of safe sex out there.
Which is smart.
It should all be handled like it was in, um, The Naked Gun,
where they had the full body condom.
Nice.
But, but no, I mean, really, it is, it's, I think that it's just the whole,
there's, I mean, okay, it's like the little kid who knows something is bad
and he does it anyway because there's that risk involved.
He's doing something naughty, you know.
It's like, you know, wanting to go sneak out and buy, you know,
and smoke packed cigarettes even though it's really disgusting.
You know, it's that same type of, you know, it's, it's something dangerous.
It's something, you know, not accepted, ooh.
Whereas you go to another country and it's like, so?
Yay, boobs.
Let's bring it back to video games.
I'm sorry.
No, that's all right.
No, but let's bring it back to video games and try to close out the topic.
Well, just my point is that there should be more boobs in video games.
Okay, fair enough.
I can agree with you on that.
I think that the more boobs and more cock we have in video games,
the less people will freak out over it.
And be sexually repressed.
Yes.
So.
People go get a vibrator.
I'll do that right now.
All right.
So anyway, what better to follow up this story with
than our FUs of the Week segment, folks?
But we have something to, of course, inspire the angst this week,
and that would be this story about a child porn collector
who blamed games for fueling his obsession.
This is a London man who said,
and I don't know why his name isn't out here,
that the London Free Press didn't run it,
apparently said he lived in a closed box of friendless fantasy
and it was fueled by video games, his computer, and comic books.
I'd work, come home, lock myself in the apartment.
After a difficult childhood in foster care,
where he was separated from his siblings,
he became a truck driver who lived by himself in squalor and clinical depression.
He was in a black hole, a strange sort of world his computer created.
Dude, I think your issues go far beyond what your computer made you do.
Your computers and video games don't control your actions.
You, sir, control your actions.
And, yeah, face palm, if I've ever heard that.
So, yes, how about some angst dedicated towards this guy this week,
the FUs of the Week, Dar Sacher.
FU to the stitch that got popped and the other stitch that regressed into my hand.
They're all coming out on Tuesday, but they hurt.
It hurts a lot.
So, fuck that.
Big ol' fuck you to Kimberly Block and also Jason K. Singleton.
You may not be familiar with them unless you live in the Sacramento area of California.
They are two of shysters, basically, that are using the American Disability Act
to file lawsuits against numerous businesses
causing them to basically settle with them to get money.
I heard about this on the news.
Those are the people that also did that in Julian, right, out of San Diego?
I don't know if they're the same people,
but I heard about this, like 80 businesses got sued or something
and the people never even visited them.
Yes, and basically this is happening again.
This woman filed four lawsuits.
Now you may be asking yourself, why the hell do I care about this?
Because it comes back to hamburgers.
And that's because they are forcing the Squeeze In,
which you may have seen them on the Food Network, a really small place.
It serves a Squeeze of Cheese, which is a third-pound burger with a third pound of cheese on it.
They're forcing them to move.
Basically, a very historic restaurant in the area
and they have to move now because this dumb bitch
doesn't realize that the Squeeze In is a historic building that can't possibly change
because it was built before they ever had these logs.
To be fair, I think they should be able to serve the handicapped.
Yes, but they can ring a bell or something.
They do, and they're willing.
And the problem is, though, she doesn't give a shit.
She probably has never been here, and the businesses that she sued are within,
like there are two liquor stores nine miles away from where she lives.
Who the fuck would drive nine miles to a liquor store?
I mean, this is Sacramento. There's a liquor store in every corner.
So it's obviously just for the money is all it's about.
And this guy in Eureka or whatever, the attorney that's doing it,
he has 164 lawsuits out there, all 88 cases.
Way to go. Thank you for closing a historic neighborhood or a historic restaurant.
I'm okay with these lawsuits.
I'm not at all.
Hold on. I'm finished.
If the business really is insensitive towards handicapped needs,
even if the person lives far away,
if the business really, truly is insensitive towards handicapped needs,
but it sounds like these places, they will make it work.
Ring the bell, honk the horn.
A lot of these places, it's not like they ignore handicapped folks.
It's because they couldn't fit their wheelchair in the building.
You can't fit in the building anyways if you're a normal human being,
let alone, you know, with a wheelchair.
They have a deck outside, you know,
in case you don't want to squeeze into the building.
Should I sue because I'm diabetic and can't have the...
Should I sue Baskin-Robbins because I'm diabetic and can't eat their ice cream?
They have no sugar added.
You know what? You know the point I'm trying to get at.
Yes. Exactly.
The whole thing is...
The Disability Act in and of itself is severely flawed.
There are people who qualify for the Disability Act
who really are perfectly innate.
You know, for like, a handicapped parking package or something.
Who, now...
Like, okay, I'm trying to remember what it is.
It's like, if you have problems balancing your checkbook,
you can actually qualify for a disabled parking.
Interesting.
I mean, it's really... The legislation on it is so flawed
that almost anyone can squeeze in and qualify for some sort of thing
under the Disabilities Act.
It needs to be modernized.
It really does need to be completely revamped.
I know people personally who definitely should have the placard.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Who definitely qualify for the benefits under these.
There's people I know who should qualify and for some reason do not.
And I think it's entirely unfair.
You know, but like...
I think that there is...
You know, I put this in the same category...
Oh god, I'm going to get political again.
I'm just going to put this briefly again.
I put this in the same category as welfare.
There's a lot of room for abuse.
And if people can get a free ride, they will get a free ride.
I think that there needs to be more enabling services
instead of, you know, pandering services.
And we'll leave it at that.
I think it's so stupid.
Honestly, I think all of that should be thrown out as frivolous.
I think all of those should be thrown out as frivolous
unless she has a personal experience in those places.
That where they refuse to help her.
Yeah.
Or accommodate her.
If the business wants your money, they will accommodate you.
Right.
I don't really have a lot of big FUs in that last one
went on longer than any of us anticipated.
I don't really have a lot this week.
My only quick FU would go to my recent blood work results
because my doctor basically told me
I'm getting fat and need to exercise more.
That's great.
Just when I thought I was losing weight, I'm getting big again.
So, FU to blood work and the truths that are revealed within.
Anyhow, let's get back to some more gaming news.
We just have about three more stories for you guys.
And then it's going to be time for you guys to call in
1-877-GAME-OLR.
DarkSakura, do you have a story for us about a game?
I sure do.
Plants vs. Zombies is coming out on other platforms.
Right now it's only on PC and Mac,
but PopCap is talking about working on Xbox Live Arcade version,
I do believe, and possibly on iPhone.
If there's a way they can work it in the World of Warcraft,
I'm sure they will too.
Yeah.
They're so crazy with their PopCap game.
By the way, did you hear this week about the World of Warcraft Pagle game?
Not just now the mod within World of Warcraft?
Because it's very clear there is some PopCap employees
that are addicted to World of Warcraft
because you've noticed these little mutual jerk-off sessions
going on between the two companies is really what it is.
Because you've had PopCap put in the whole official Pagle mod,
and I think they did a Bejeweled one too, inside World of Warcraft.
And now this week, Blizzard allowed these WoW images
to go out in a standalone PC version of Pagle that has WoW-themed levels.
So there definitely is some stroking going on between the two companies.
I think there's Furious dry-humping.
You know what though? They're all free, so we all win.
So I'm not going to complain.
They were all free expansions. It's brand awareness.
And it gets all the stories covered on blogs and all that, so good for them.
Dry-humping?
I think these types of partnerships I'd like to see happen more often.
I'd like to see more mutual masturbation going on in the gaming world.
I don't know about you guys.
Furious-humping?
Exactly.
Well, a game that I don't think will have Furious-humping in it,
Scribblenauts, has been rated by the ESRB.
And as creative as the game is, their description of it is just as creative.
Of course, now the ESRB is required to have little synopsis of the games.
And basically, here's what they put.
Scribblenauts, which is rated E10+.
This is a puzzle game in which players navigate a series of traps, puzzles, and enemies
to collect stars scattered throughout the colorful levels.
Players have the ability to summon different objects by writing slash typing in the words,
example, bike, spaceship, lion, and watch it come to life.
If multiple words are entered in a sequence, different whimsical scenarios can be triggered.
A bicycle can be used to jump over a baby.
A bulldozer can clear away a shark.
A cabbage can be fed to a dinosaur.
Players can elect to summon cartoony versions of bats, bombs, guns, and flamethrowers.
These types of items can be used to destroy objects or even other summoned items.
For example, a club can be used to hit an animal.
A steak can be attached to a baby to attract lions.
And rockets can be lobbed at a man.
That in itself is so amazing. You can attach a steak to a baby to attract animals.
Love it.
Sweet.
These triggered animations are minimally depicted and usually accompanied by a popping musical sound effect,
bright stars, shapes, flashes, or small puffs of smoke.
If a player wishes to, they may type the word in vomit, which causes a beige colored lump to appear on the screen.
God, if this is not the game of the year, I don't know what is.
I'm worried we've got a little much hype going on with this game caused by E3,
but we did have lulz at E3 playing this game. It was a lulz-y time.
I just hope it lasts. I hope it's not one of those games.
Because I'm worried it's one of those games that's going to be funny for 20 minutes and then you're done.
You know what I mean?
So hopefully the game behind the game is still really good. We'll see.
I hope so.
Oh, and on top of that, of course, recognizing that this is going to be a success,
they would like to see Scribblenauts come to other platforms.
We've never limited ourselves to the DS as a platform. In our heads, we'll see what the future holds.
Personally, we think that would be a hit on any platform, whether that platform would be an Xbox 360, PS3, or who knows.
And that's coming from Marius Fallbush.
I thought bad things.
Yeah, I bet you did after the booby story.
I think, though, this game is going to inspire folks to trade whimsical answers to scenarios on the internet,
like the most wacky fucking ways to beat levels that you've ever heard of.
I think that could be interesting.
It also has level swapping and custom levels.
Oh, I didn't know that. That's pretty cool.
We'll see what happens.
I wonder if there's going to be one foolproof way to beat every level, though.
There's going to be different ways to beat levels, and it's almost like golf.
You have pars in the game, where you're trying to beat the level with x number of objects spawned, that type of thing.
Well, I still remember, even in the free mode that we were messing around with,
there was a meter as to how many objects you could have at one time, so I could see them doing things with that meter.
Joshi16 in our chatroom, chat.orangelandradio.com, says,
I want it on the PC Mac, and DarkTetsuya says,
Yeah, I look forward to the game facts entries on it.
I wonder if you can summon dirty words, or if the game just scolds you for trying to put them in.
No, it just won't recognize them.
What if you put in feces? Will it not even recognize that?
I don't know. It may do poop.
You could do vomit. Why can't you do poo?
I bet any poop would be in there.
We should have Poop Rocket.
I don't think that's in the dictionary.
Or like Poop Flinging Monkey.
Alright, we'll see.
Tigerclaw brings up a good point.
Penis is not even a dirty word. It's a scientific word.
It's still not in the game.
DarkTetsuya says, So no cocks?
I think you should be able to put in cock, and a little rooster shows up.
Put in fag, and a cigarette shows up. Why not?
Just do the literal meaning.
I don't know.
We'll see more when this game comes out. I'm sure people are going to try every combination they can think of and find more easter eggs.
Because if the lolcats are in it, like long cat, you know, and uh, ceiling cat, and oh really owl.
If all those things are in it, they're probably still adding lol's to it.
Probably going through every internet meme they can find.
Giant enemy crabs are in the game.
Are they really?
Nice.
Alright anyhow, do you remember we talked a while, I'm sure at length about this on the show before about the whole Wii's new demo play feature?
This is where you'd be able to pause the game and just skip scenes like it was a DVD.
Or get walked through certain scenarios in the game.
Well guess what?
This week it was announced that through a blurb in Nikkei newspaper in Japan, the feature will be used in portable games as well.
That means it's coming to the DS.
Sorry, the newspaper referred to it as skip functionality, a skip feature if you will.
It's also supposed to be used for high speed action games.
Interesting.
So, who knows what this could bring for DS games in the future, but this does seem to be the future of Nintendo.
The future of gaming?
Well I guess that's all in how the general public responds to it.
We'll see.
That's that for demo play.
Alright, let's open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
But do keep in mind if you are going to use Skype to call us, please make sure you test your connection first to ECHO123.
So again that's 1-877-GAME-OLR or OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
Do we have some last minute stories we want to get into while we wait for some calls?
Because there's a little bit of a delay between us and when they hear us on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Oh, never mind, we're getting a call right now. I lied.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
This is Lee Shem.
Hi Lee Shem, what's up?
Um, not much.
Um, I just called in to talk about BlazBlue.
Oooh, BlazBlue!
You know, I've heard Bobby talk a lot about this game, but I have not picked it up myself yet, so I don't have a lot to say.
So dude, please tell us about BlazBlue.
Well, BlazBlue is a fighting name that's supposed to be the spiritual successor to Guilty Gear.
Um, I think the total is 12 characters that you get to play as.
So we got a smaller roster list, but they're pretty balanced actually.
And the game is, well I think of it as an easier Guilty Gear actually.
Um, the button layout is just four buttons.
Um, you got light, medium, strong, and then a button you use to do cool shit.
Are you a big fighting game fan? Like, do you play a lot of the fighters that come out?
Oh yeah, I'm actually looking forward to Mall vs. Capcom 2 coming out at the end of the month, and King of Fighters 12.
Okay, so I just wanted to kind of gauge your, like, experience and love for a fighting game before I ask this next question, and that would be how does BlazBlue, in your opinion, stack up to other fighting games?
It's slower Guilty Gear, I guess, but um...
My opinion is pretty, it's faster than Street Fighter IV. Um, I just, it's a really cool, um, it's just a really cool fighting game.
Well, here's one more question I have for you, and that is, you know, with all these 2D fighting games that we're starting to see on Xbox Live Marketplace,
for instance, we've had, what, we've had King of Fighters 98, we've had Guru, Mark of the Wolves, we've had, uh, um, some of these old classic fighting games coming out,
and then, uh, I'm trying to think, what else, there's one coming up in the future, oh, Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is coming up in the future.
King of Fighters 12?
And all, yeah, all these games, especially the Neo Geo ones, are coming out on Xbox Live Arcade.
When you can get these games for 10, 15 dollars a pop, does that make 60 dollars or 50 dollars, whatever BlazBlue costs, worth it in comparison?
Well, when you look at the online, some of those games, like, I have Guru, Mark of the Wolves, but, from the times I played, um, online was total trash, actually.
Um, but, in BlazBlue, it's, you know, you're getting a high definition fighter, a complete story mode, um, and the story mode, um, some of the characters are, like, really interesting.
And, you know, you follow their paths, and even, like, characters, like, you know, they had me, um, saying, wow, fighting games have this good a story.
Like, sometimes I was actually laughing my ass off at some characters' wackiness, sometimes, you know, I was feeling bad for a character because, you know, I personally think that they're pathetic, and, you know,
but, you know, they just keep fighting.
Very interesting, and, you know, I've heard that's one of the stronger points about BlazBlue is that it does have more of a unique story than you usually see in fighting games, which is just, usually, the story is kind of just crafted to make the fighting make some sensical,
make some sense out of it, whereas it seems like BlazBlue, they actually put some thought into the story, so, interesting.
Uh, any other thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Um, um, I just got a PS3, and I just wanted to say it's awesome so far, and at Best Buy, I don't know if they're doing this for all of them, but they have Valkyria Chronicles on clearance for only $15.
It's a great pickup, and, you know, very cheap.
Dude, I actually want to get that game. Where did you see that for clearance at?
Um, at their Best Buy over here in San Antonio.
Hmm, I might have to try and find that here locally. Awesome.
Well, and one other quick question for you. Why now? I'm always kind of curious. I asked, you know, when people plunk down $300, $400 for a new console, I always want to ask this.
Why now? What made you decide to take the plunge now?
Two things. One, they had this bundle going on with the Killzone 2 and Metal Gear Solid 4.
I wanted to pick that up because, you know, I think for $400, that kind of justifies it, because in the next month, we're supposed to be getting a price cut.
So, those two extra games, I don't know, they kind of seem to me to even it out.
And plus, next month, in August, there's supposed to be a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Blu-ray box set that I really want to pick up.
All right. Okay. Well, thank you very much for your thoughts and opinions tonight, and have fun with your PlayStation 3, all right?
All right. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. And LittleBigPlanet. It's awesome. Seriously. Later.
All right. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, if you want to give us a call.
I'll let... Oh, it's ringing again. You might not be able to do last-minute stories tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hi, GS68. What's on your mind?
I'm going to get back from Galactica 3, which I'm guessing Dark Soccer was unable to go to this year.
Yeah. You know, Dark Soccer had the issues with her hands, so if she went, she wouldn't really be able to play the video games because of her hand.
I know. Bummer, right? And then I was going to go, but I had a conflict with the Rocky Reno show I'm doing.
I had a rehearsal this weekend, and it sucked because I was in the bay. I wasn't that far away.
It would have only taken me like 30 minutes to get there, but by the time we were done, California Extreme would have been done.
So it just didn't...
It went on until 2 a.m.
Oh, did it really? Shut up. I thought it was done at like 9 o'clock.
Ah, oh well. It doesn't matter. I wouldn't have gotten my money's worth, but I know we keep saying we're going to go every year, and then just some damn thing happens.
It's just the worst time of year. The summer is so, so busy.
But you went. How did you enjoy yourself?
It was alright. It felt like a little less games this year. I'm not sure because it's only my second year going.
Well, what kind of games did you get a chance to play? By the way, for those that have never been to California Extreme before, it's basically just a bunch of old school arcade games in a convention center.
You pay some money to get in. Have fun. That's basically what it is. It's a traveling arcade.
Most of the older games with a few 90s, 2000s games thrown in. I didn't feel high school wasn't finished, but I couldn't get on the top 10, so fuck that.
Nice. I'm looking at your photo gallery. Wait, I'm looking at your photo gallery you posted in chat, and I see that you're playing that old hologram game from Sega, the Time Traveler. That's awesome. That game was such garbage.
Yeah, I saw it. I probably got a chance to play it because when I was a kid, I'd see it until all the time, but it never really interested me.
Plus, if I remember right, when I was younger, it was really expensive to play. That's pretty cool. You have an actual punch out arcade machine. Nice. Man, it looks like you guys had a lot of fun.
I got on a plane, caught in a gang, and if you played point blank and advanced, you'd play the final piece of advanced mode. But I'll play it in the same mode.
Were there a lot of...
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Well, I guess you have to use the curtain, you know, coming down, turn it to the energy cube, then you have to shoot them to keep them away. I'd rather be picking energy cube you lose.
Hmm.
This has been an NPR game for a long time. I love that game.
I see... go ahead, sorry.
And then I thought Pachinko Machine, which is really cool, but I never got to play because by the time I thought about playing it, it was gone. They are already packing it up.
Aw, bummer. I see an actual Moonwalker machine here, too. That's pretty cool.
It's kind of surreal seeing any of that, especially considering the man died a few weeks ago.
Well, you know, the machines were made. They're out there. But yeah, I get what you're saying. It's kind of interesting to see that out in the wild right now with all the stuff in the media.
Well, what would you say is your favorite thing that you played at the show out of everything?
Once I was in Thailand, I was playing Rush 2049 because it had an 8-player setup.
Wow, nice. Getting to play it the way it's intended with all 8 people. Nice.
Yeah.
Was there any garbage that you played where you were like, man, they should have just left this at home?
There's a number of games that I played and didn't really recall enjoying for too long.
Let's see.
I came from a pretty interesting game called Chiller. It's like a game with one of those mouse and gun things.
And you have to shoot monsters to go on from one stage to the next.
But sometimes the things you shoot are corpses, like naked corpses and like in-portrait chambers and such.
What?
So it's like very weird.
That does sound very weird. But okay, whatever makes you happy, I guess.
Well, it sounds like you had a good time at the show and I swear we're really going to try and make it next year.
It just depends on the personal schedules and everything.
Hopefully.
Hopefully the surgeries or nothing like that.
But any other comments about the show or for our listeners tonight?
No, not really. I was going to get a bonus involving my pictures.
All right, well.
I'll be posting them later.
What, the picture you just posted here in chat? Hold on, I'm going to show, take a look here.
The pictures I've been posting, well, that's one of them on YouTube.
Gotcha. Well, then check out the gallery. It looks like you've got a little gallery going on Photobucket and plugging it in our chatroom.
So there you go.
All right, OTS68, glad to hear you had fun and we'll hopefully see you next year.
All right. See you.
Later, dude.
1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. We've got calls coming in back to back tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
That's Legend of Zaku.
No, Legend of Zaku. What's on your mind?
Nothing much. Just getting through another weekend.
Just chilling back in New York City, trying to do the usual routines.
But yeah, just looking over what's been happening so far.
And then all of a sudden I see this little gem of a story right here regarding Battlefield 1943,
where apparently it says something about at least 5 million dying in the first day of multiplayer.
And then they go as far as saying that they're trying to get up to 48 million kills.
And I don't know, I hear Kotaku basically making a fit about it.
The fact that it's tasteless.
The fact that they're playing a World War II game and trying to rack up kills to match the amount in real life.
Yeah, I mean, comparing it to the real life is a little bit tacky, especially when video games are supposed to be separated from real life.
And a lot of times the justification for these games to be so violent is, well, it's not real life.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I can understand people's rationale regarding something being tasteless, but it's just a game.
I mean, what happened already happened.
Right, I mean, I'm okay with the game, but the little promotion is a little tacky.
Besides that, basically staying on the subject of tastelessness, another one where they have a flash game I believe that recreates Flight 1549, the one that landed on the Hudson earlier this year.
And so they're basically saying, I don't know, it's just on the same subject of being tasteless, though.
Well, yeah, I guess, but at the same time, isn't there someone in the world who's created an art piece out of that?
I mean, I remember Super Combine Massacre RPG getting a lot of flack, especially the whole slam dance thing which pretty much blew up in their face with the fact that they supposedly got censored for that game.
And then you see how tastelessness basically goes to the extreme in that sense, where you get censored in a festival that goes against the principles.
You know, I guess a lot of it just has to kind of do with your interpretation of it, and that goes with games, that goes with art in general.
If you want to be offended by it, you will, but if you want to allow yourself to be offended by it, you won't.
I don't know if that makes sense.
As usual in the world, not everybody can be pleased, apparently.
No, sir. Well, anything else on your mind this week, Zaku?
Besides DDRX still sucking and just waiting to hopefully, you know, if my local arcade Chinatown Fair apparently follows through on what they said they were about replacing every machine with DDRX, then I'll probably see how bad it is, but it's been pretty much dull on that end.
Well, we actually got to ask Konami this week when DDR was going to be fun again, and the response was, wait, please.
Wait, please. Do they refer to the arcade version or the home version?
Wait, please.
Yeah, you ought to love those blanket answers, trying to cover their own ass.
Take care, Zaku. Thanks for being on the show. Later.
Alright.
Do you think he knows that was a reference to his story earlier tonight?
I don't know. Alright, 1877 Game OLR.
Your username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
We'll take like one more call, and then we're going to wrap up for the night.
Again, that's 877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Here comes a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator here.
Hi, Spazinator. What's on your mind tonight?
Two things. First off, I just want to agree with what you were saying earlier.
Yeah, it seems like a lot of people out there, especially in America, have things half-assed backwards.
No, you know, whether it be movies or games or whatever, you see people all losing limbs,
being decapitated, brutally murdered.
But God forbid they show a boob, oh my God, they should go to DEFCON 3.
Well, to be fair, there's a lot of people that don't like the violence either,
but yeah, it does seem strange in our culture that, you know,
and I kind of blame the MPAA at the end of the day,
because they're the ones that put the more stringent NC-17 ratings on things that are slightly sexual,
whereas, you know, you can have all these violent movies rated R.
I think it needs to go one way or the other.
Either we need to get some more fucking tits in an R-rated movie,
or, and that was fuck and tits, not some fucking tits, although, you know, you can get those too,
but we need that in an R-rated movie, or we need these extremely violent movies to be rated NC-17.
Give them the kiss of death rating as well.
I think you need to go one way or the other. It's just, it's getting ridiculous.
Yeah, well, the thing is, you know, not to get all, like, political and whatnot,
but, plus, I don't totally remember my history lessons,
but I think, at least in part, you know, the country was founded by, like, ultra, ultra, like,
conservative, like, Puritans, like, you know, like the Pilgrims, you know, wearing the buckles on their shoes and whatnot.
Burn the witch! Burn the witch!
Yeah, exactly, and, you know, they were, you know, they were, if I remember my history,
you know, they even, they played illegal, you know, because they considered that a form of lying,
and, you know, they considered anything involving the body dirty and wrong and all that.
Unfortunately, we really haven't gone beyond that.
Well, you know what, here's the good news. The good news is that, you know, porn is not illegal.
A lot of this stuff is not illegal, like, you know, in the old days, this was, like, you know, again,
like, kind of, Dark Soccer was giving the story earlier that if you said fuck, you could get, you know,
beat up for saying that, basically. Like, we live in a day and age where at least this shit isn't illegal,
and, like, I can sit here on the internet and say fuck, shit, cock, piss, boobs, I can say all of that, you know,
and that's a great thing about freedom of speech, which, sadly, not everyone in this world has.
But the thing is that we have these governing bodies that put labels on things that are broken and need to be modernized.
And the greatest, I mean, the biggest opinion I always use is, or I should say example I always use,
is a movie that came out in 1997, 1998, one of my favorite movies ever. It's called Romeo and Michelle's High School Reunion.
It's an innocent movie with Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino about these chicks that go to their 10-year high school reunion,
and there's a couple sex jokes and they say the word fuck a few times.
The movie is rated R. And why? Why is a movie like that rated R? It's practically cartoony in nature.
I would let a 13, 14-year-old watch this movie, no problem. Any kid that's old enough to know about sex,
I would much rather have them watching this movie on repeat, you know, every day for a summer than watching The Terminator.
I really would. You know, it's just, we just, some of these things we have in our culture really need to be modernized. That's all.
Yeah, I agree with you. I think even you mentioned this time and time before.
Now, real games have really been around for what, 35, 40 years, where movies have been around since early 1900s.
You know, there's, you know, people, even my grandparents at age have been going out watching movies,
whereas, you know, real games have always been, what, our generation, you know, and younger kids,
and there's that kind of disconnect where, you know, the older generations think of real games as these kind of toys,
toys for kids, if something is cursing or violence or squaring it, oh my God, no, this is going to be the worst thing ever.
It's going to be a downfall of Western civilization.
Bazinator, you do make an interesting comparison that when movies were first came out, there was a lot you still couldn't show in movies, either.
You know, there was a lot of things that were really taboo to show in movies.
You go back and, you know, the first boobies didn't show up in a movie until probably the 50s?
And don't even quote me on that.
Earlier than that.
Well, I don't plan to profess to be a cinema expert, but, you know, it was very taboo.
Even if the boobies showed up, it was extremely taboo, just like, you know, seeing a blowjob in a movie is day and age.
Video games, I think, just have a way to go.
But we need to wrap up.
Bazinator, did you have anything else you wanted to share with us?
Well, I just want to add one more point.
Sure.
Conversely, you know, even though boobs are relatively new, you know, there's movies out there that, you know, a century ago weren't acceptable.
They're not acceptable now, like Fourth Over Nation.
It came out in 1915.
It was a KKK movie.
They're eating a chance at hell.
Good point.
There's society taboos that we have overcome.
So that's true. You've seen, in some ways, progression where, you know, some of those things that really were inappropriate to show in film have just kind of evolved.
At least that's, you know, how we feel about it now.
And, you know, rightfully so.
Some of the stuff that was very controversial in those movies.
Society kind of evolves.
But it just seems like with video games, it's evolving slower, and I don't get that.
But, Bazinator, thank you so much for being on the show tonight.
We appreciate it.
Have a good one, buddy, okay?
Yep, you too.
Okay, later.
Alright, we're going to go ahead and wrap up the phone calls tonight, because we want to kind of wrap up the show and get on out of here for the night.
But poor Loki's been waiting to do some last-minute stories, and he can take it off by phone calls.
Well, do you have any...
You're looking into getting that machine shipped, aren't you?
I saw you looking at a shipping website.
It's actually not a thousand dollars.
It hasn't reached its...
It hasn't reached its minimum.
I'm just looking to see how much it would actually cost to do something like that, because DDR machines are not available anywhere.
Unless you're in, like, Korea, and God knows how much it's going to cost to ship from Korea.
Right.
Well, do you have any last-minute stories for us before we wrap up tonight?
Yes, sure, of course.
Well, strangely enough, and out of nowhere, and probably going to have the same impact on piracy,
MCDoubledefDP has returned.
You may not remember him by name, but you'll remember him by song.
He had his wonderful online hit of Don't Copy That Floppy, which did absolutely nothing to stop piracy,
but now he's back with his Don't Copy That Too, and apparently...
Really? I thought that shit was from the 80s.
Seriously, he's from the 80s, and basically, based on the little video teaser he has,
it looks like if you copy stuff off the internet, well, your parents will be dragged out in the street and beaten to death.
Sounds pretty accurate to me.
But, uh, yes, awesome.
Hold on, I gotta look at this here. Hold on.
We have a little preview here.
Let's see if I can fast-forward.
Oh, this is like a preview or something.
No, no, no, no, they go through the song.
Just give me a second.
I gotta fast-forward then, I guess.
No, it's right here.
Wow.
Fucking joke.
Interesting.
You missed the beginning part of it, it doesn't just sound like that.
Ah, whatever.
Yeah, okay.
Some dude who's gonna get a lot of hits on his YouTube, congrats.
Yeah.
Konami is once again innovated on crap.
Apparently now they have a brand new game.
The only thing going for it is that it has 120 music tracks in it.
And including apparently some Bomani songs, I'm not sure.
But the game is called Walk It Out.
Yes, Konami has created a game for the Wii that is about walking outdoors.
Nice.
Yeah.
Seriously?
Really?
Walking outdoors?
But apparently it is a rhythm game, so you know, you have to step to the beat.
So there is a game in it.
There is a game to it, but it's walking outdoors.
Come on.
Really?
I do that for school credit.
You play the game, going to buy the game.
I mean, ugh.
Anyways.
On my YouTube project this week, we went outdoors.
It was a lot of fun, actually.
Myst will be coming to the Playstation Network for PSP July 16th.
And that's kind of neat.
Apparently there's a new MechWarrior game coming out.
They announced after a few little teases that MechWarrior 5, well technically MechWarrior 5,
but it's now going to be called MechWarrior, will be coming out from Smith & Tinker,
which is actually founded by FASA co-founder Jordan Weisman and Piranha Games.
And apparently it's going to be coming out on PC and Xbox 360.
And we'll have a single player campaign as well as a four player co-op campaign.
That's awesome.
Nice.
We'll have a $200 controller too.
That's optional.
Remember that.
They never had that for...
That was something else.
But that was a mech game, wasn't it?
It was a mech game, but it's not this mech game.
I know it's not that mech game, but it was some other game.
Also, Smith & Tinker has authorized MechTech to distribute MechWarrior 4,
along with its expansions, for free, on the internet.
Thank you, Chatters, GS68, Steel Battalion.
That was the game I was trying to think of.
On the internet.
So you'll actually be able to play MechWarrior 4 for free on BattleTech.com soon enough.
You know what we need in this world?
Real mechs.
That's what we need.
How much would you pay to go to a place that was like an arena
where nobody would really get hurt or really get blown up?
It would be like laser tag, all right?
But you would have real mechs that you would crawl into and get in.
You mean robot jocks?
Something like that, where you would actually crawl in these giant machines.
And I'm not talking about the shit of Dave & Busters.
You would actually walk around a giant arena outside
with bales of hay, obstacles, and stuff like that,
and go around and shoot people.
No, I'm talking about a real fucking mech.
That would be fucking hot shit right there.
I would pay lots of money to do that.
And so would you.
Yes, but can you imagine if they maintained them
like they do arcade games that are in some of these family fun centers?
My mech's missing my leg. I can't turn.
I'm running in circles.
I can't do it, Captain. I don't have the power.
I can't fire. I've fallen over.
Jason in chat says they have real mechs.
There was a real Gundam in Japan, life size.
Yeah, they actually do have one, and they were also working on...
They did a Gigantor in another town.
The Gundam was outside Tokyo.
The mere thought gives me a semi.
Carcassonne's coming to DS.
That's kind of neat.
That game's fun.
Really, it needs to be some other game.
Oh, great. I totally forgot the name of the game.
The other?
The other game that's similar to this game
that's also another board game turned Xbox Live arcade game
that I can't remember, but I played a lot of
and played a lot of the board game, and just...
Ah!
What was the other one? I can't even remember, too.
There was Carcassonne, and there was...
God, there was all the expansions for it, too.
Somebody in chat will yell it out.
Catan, Settlers of Catan. Thank you.
Thank you. That's what needs to be on there.
And I need memory in my brain.
Also, the PlayStation Network will be getting manga as well.
They're actually going to get some downloadable comics.
Of course, this has only been announced for the Japanese markets,
but why not? Why not put it over here?
You know what? Neat idea.
I actually think that's a neat idea.
It's a little weird, but why not?
We have these Amazon e-reader books.
Why not manga on your PSP? Why not?
Yeah, that'd be cool.
Didn't we see some of this, actually?
I thought there were some games that came out,
not that long ago, that were kind of like this,
like $20 comic books on the PSP.
Yeah, you're talking about the Metal Gear Solid motion comics.
Yeah, remember that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, why not?
There's a brand new mod for Half-Life 2, Neo Tokyo,
which is actually, I believe, like a Tolkien version of the game.
It's been released for the Source software development kit,
and I think it will be available on Steam.
It's actually been in the works for five years now,
and kind of is inspired by Ghost in the Shell, Akira, that type of stuff,
but it's an all multiplayer game,
and the trailer for it is friggin' awesome,
so definitely worth checking out.
You can actually download it on their client page,
neotokiohq.com.
Check it out there. It looks pretty sweet.
Also, I think a while back we saw there was a graffiti type device
created using the Wii Remote,
sort of using similar things as the John Cho stuff,
where he created the virtual light boards.
Well, now you have the interactive white board thing
using a Wii spray can,
and actually apparently won a design prize in Germany,
which is pretty cool.
Held by the German firm International Forum Design,
Wii Spray was one of the 377 finalists of the prestigious award.
That's a lot of finalists, but okay.
And then finally, Medal of Honor Heroes
is the latest game on the PSP to be exploited
to enable custom firmware in homebrew,
and yes, this also works.
Actually, they've tested it on the PSP-1000.
I think it also works on the 3000,
but once again, going back to the beginning of this show
and discussion about countermeasures for piracy
and that type of thing, no matter how hard you try,
there's someone always trying harder.
And that goes for both sides.
All right, a little lesson learned on tonight's show.
There you go.
The more you know.
Yes, indeed, the more you know.
All right, well, I guess that's going to wrap it up for tonight's show,
and before we say good night, though,
we have to go around and get everybody's final thought.
So Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight
as you enjoy The Sims 3 for the rest of the evening?
I'm spray painting sand.
That's that noise I hear.
Yes.
What color are you spraying sand?
I'm actually turning the ground into sand.
I'm using the terrain paint.
My final thought is I'm actually kind of craving Del Taco,
and I'm hoping the one in Rockland is open late.
So I'm driving out there tonight, so I want Del Taco.
Mmm, Del Taco.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I need to play more games this week,
but in the absence of playing games,
I've been unpacking, and I'm almost done.
All righty.
Hey, thank you guys so much for downloading our show
and tuning in to us and supporting independent broadcasting.
It's because of you guys that our show is so successful
and we have the motivation to be here every week.
All we ask if you enjoy the show,
tell two people you know about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Launch Radio.
Radio?
Radio.
Leave us nice reviews on websites as well.
That always goes a long way,
especially when there's asshats out there that leave reviews on the show
that clearly haven't even listened to it.
Nothing will piss you off like that.
iTunes, you need to let us review reviewers.
We demand it.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for another week here on Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much.
Once again, we'll see you next week.
We'll be back for more video game news and your voices.
Send us emails. Send us tweets.
Let's hear your voice.
See you guys.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com,
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Launch Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
