Luna, the Moon, 238,000 miles away from Earth, influencer of tides, destroyer of Hylian
worlds, un-tilding time travels, the name of an adorable talking cat, and now, Amazon's
latest streaming platform.
On live, Gaikai, Liquid Sky, GeForce Now, Stadia, xCloud, PlayStation Now, and now Luna,
to the Moon with your packets.
Come back down for re-entry and join your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki
for news on Luna's offerings announced so far and the rest of the week's gaming news
starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back once again on this Sunday, September the 27th
of 2020 with episode number 837 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined not tonight by DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
She has the night off as it is Yom Kippur today and so I hope all of our listeners who
are partaking in that are having an easy fast.
I imagine we may have less folks here live as a result but maybe some folks catching
up with us throughout the week via our podcast or our subscribers over at twitch.tv slash
VOG Network where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show might be catching up with the extra video that subscribers
get for being subscribed to the VOG Network.
By the way, today is the last chance, last Sunday anyway, of September so if you want
to get a discount on those subscriptions we really appreciate it and all that goes
back to help the network and help us pay our taxes every year because we're paying
more taxes than some people.
But please help me welcome to the show someone who I know is paying his taxes and doing his
part.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
Good.
Good to see you as always.
What is this behind you tonight?
You've got Bubble Bobble.
You're going to old school and classic tonight.
It's the NES Bubble Bobble.
It was one of the first three games they had for the NES.
Oh, I like that.
Okay.
And that's you just decided to pick Bubble Bobble for that reason or?
Um, yeah, because I had trouble.
I've run through a lot of the games already each week, so like, I'm just like, um, what
should I put this week?
I was thinking there might be-
I guess I could have put a Bethesda game or something.
Yeah, yeah.
That would be topical.
We'll get into that in a second, obviously.
I thought maybe there was a clue there that like maybe the mystery Loki game that you're
making has something to do with Bubble Bobble.
I thought maybe there was a, okay, I need to stop reading into things so damn much.
It's just, I needed something to put in the background and I didn't want to repeat stuff
I've had already.
So it was Bubble Bobble this week.
Yeah.
Fair.
Over in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network, Bobby Blackwell says, my first
games on the NES.
I had the power set.
I had Super Mario.com world-class track meet, and then I had pro wrestling and Top Gun.
This is a good question.
Y'all in chat, first system and games that you had for said system, let's, let's elaborate
on that a bit.
I'm trying to think what I, well, my first system was really an Atari 2600, honestly.
And I remember combat.
And I remember Spider-Man and I think I've talked, you know, I've talked enough about
Spider-Man on this show and in the past few episodes, I'm trying to remember what else
I own.
Oh, Superman.
I guess I, I guess I was a superhero kid.
I do remember having Superman.
Did you ever play Superman on the Atari 2600?
No.
It was really weird.
You flew through these different screens and there was this little bling bling bling little
thing.
I think it was like Krypton or something that would chase you.
You were trying to get Lois Lane.
It was, it played very strange.
So that was an early game that I had.
All right.
What did you want to say, Loki?
Adding to that?
Oh, I was going to say, so my first three games that I got on the NES, cause we got
it secondhand, I believe, um, was Bubble Bobble, The Legend of Zelda, cause that's one I really
wanted and Breakthrough, um, kind of random.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure Zelda was like the first game outside of, um, Mario Brothers and, uh, Duck
Hunt.
I didn't have the power pad system, but I'm pretty sure Zelda was also bought around the
same time because that was the game that like really probably got me like super into gaming
and made me, made me more of a gamer, quite frankly.
Um, let's see other comments in chat, uh, checking out what folks are saying.
Pod culture says Atari, 2,600 combat, et and Pac-Man.
Those are some must have games, even though two of them were kind of garbage.
Uh, She-Hulk 10 says Colecovision and, and it scrolled off the screen, Donkey Kong Colecovision
had some good stuff.
Colecovision, uh, we never had one, but our friends had one.
Um, let's see other stuff.
Fifth dream says I played Superman a lot.
Okay.
Glad it wasn't just me.
The break man says Atari, 2,600 Ghostbusters.
Now that was one of the first games I remember picking up for the Commodore 64.
Um, I remember going to a computer store and well, I didn't buy it.
I was like six or seven, but I remember my, my dad buying it for me because you know,
gimme, gimme, gimme.
Well, that was also when they would, they would have the computers that would play games
like, and they'd be on display and Ghostbusters was one of the games they were showing off,
I guess not too far apart from how you'd have like an Xbox or a PlayStation kiosk set
up in a Best Buy or a GameStop in these days.
You kind of try before you buy.
I remember that's how I discovered Sid Meier's civilization.
I spent hours at a store.
I don't know how they let me stay at that damn store hours playing Civ on a computer
at the store.
It was crazy.
Um, yeah.
So, um, yeah, I did have a Colecovision as well.
I can't remember what the first few games were cause I think that was during the crash.
Um, so my dad had like 50 games for, for system that he says he never like did gaming and
stuff.
Like he had 50 games for that.
So I think he got them so dirt cheap.
Um, but like I used to play a ton of, uh, the Smurfs, Jumpman Jr. and Bump and Jump
on that.
Okay.
Good.
I didn't know Jumpman Jr. was on Colecovision, but I guess that makes sense.
Epic.
Epic's put their games out a lot of places.
Yeah.
Cool.
So from retro games to modern games, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic.
Obviously there's a big, big story and everybody's got a hot take on this and this has to do
with Microsoft and their acquisition of Bethesda and what, uh, ID software all under the parent
company is ZeniMax.
Right?
Loki, tell us more.
Yes.
So yeah, I would have, uh, the crack of Dawn on, uh, September 21st, we've got the announcement
that apparently, uh, ID software's parent company, um, ZeniMax or ZeniMax, which owns,
you know, Bethesda ID software and a lot of other, um, subsidiaries as well.
They were purchased for $7.5 billion by Microsoft, uh, which is incredible.
So apparently, you know, that adds a whole ton of games to their roster as well.
Um, it seems like that this has been purchased just for, well, to definitely help out with
games pass and adding more titles to that.
But I mean, as someone who's decided to purchase an X-Box this, this, uh, time around, it's
just making my purchase even better.
So I love it.
Um, and as to why, uh, some, some folks may wonder why did I put on the sidebar Microsoft
acquires Bethesda and I didn't put Microsoft acquire ZeniMax, um, well, Bethesda is a part
of that, but also, and what I kind of relate this to every E3, we have the Bethesda press
conference, right?
We have the Bethesda event, Bethesda E3, well, Microsoft now owns everything that you've
been shown in that particular, um, you know, real for the past couple of years.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Kinda, um, kinda interesting.
Um, is that all you wanted to say on it?
No, no, not at all.
So, so of course, you know, the obvious concern is, well, what's that going to do with these
exclusive games that Sony has, you know, for Bethesda?
Or does that mean that I can't get elder scrolls six on, you know, the PlayStation five?
Well, apparently that's not necessarily going to be the case, um, that they are confirmed
that they're right now going to hold their agreements, especially with, um, was a death
loop.
Now that's an exclusive game on PlayStation five.
So they're going to actually keep that exclusive because that's the agreement that's already
been made.
Yeah.
There's probably contracts and things because of how death loop has been highlighted in
the PlayStation five showcase.
That would be a lot of eggs on Sony's face.
If that game suddenly went and became a Microsoft exclusive.
So there's probably legal agreements, which it's probably just easier to go ahead and
honor the, uh, agreement.
Yeah.
So they're going to keep their agreements.
And then I believe with the right now, what they've been, the kind of stance has been
is they're going to look at it as they go along.
But I think that they're actually still considering doing these multi-platform, which makes sense
because you have a lot of these Microsoft properties on other systems.
Um, I mean, hell, we just had a new Ori game come to the switch this week.
So in the outer worlds, the outer worlds is still multi-platform even after Microsoft
bought obsidian.
Um, but I, I think there's a lot to say though about Microsoft kind of resting on, well,
not necessarily resting on, but investing, I think is a better word investing on the
strength of literally cause they just spent billions of dollars to invest, but they're
investing on the strength of game pass because sure elder scrolls six could go multi-platform.
It could show up on the PlayStation five road will set you back $70 or you just get it with
game pass for PC and Xbox.
Which at this point, many gamers, yeah.
And so I kind of feel like it doesn't matter at that point, if it's multi-platform, it's
going to be such a stronger deal to pick it up on PC or Xbox, uh, that maybe Microsoft
doesn't need to, I mean, Oh, well, it sells more on PlayStation five.
Great.
That's more money for Microsoft who now owns the studio.
So I'm not sure this whole era of console exclusives is what it used to be.
I mean, for Sony, it still is.
Uh, they're going to have God of war and all this stuff, but even, even things like
horizon zero Dawn and some of the other strong Sony franchises you've started to see come
to PC.
And you know, there was a lot of gamers that were up in arms about it, even though it was
like a year after the fact, but I think it just kind of goes to show that like maybe
exclusives aren't everything it used to be.
And I don't understand why people are up in arms about that kind of stuff.
Like even like, I don't get it.
Like why would you care if somebody else can play a game?
Like that's such a stupid thing to be mad about that Twitter shit.
Just ignore it.
There's so much like God, people have a lot of free time.
I mean, I understand there's a pandemic going on.
A lot of people are still staying at home and all that, which is great, but I, you just,
you just have to filter that garbage out.
There's so much garbage on social media that, you know, just pay it no mind in you, you
know, it gets 50 times as bad when it's political stuff and it's just filter, filter, filter,
filter, you let the brain filter out.
Yeah.
It's just like with all the people saying, well, there's better, better games on PlayStation
five.
And I mean, you know, Xbox sucks.
I'm not going to get an Xbox.
I'm like, cool.
You can, you can do whatever you want.
Like, I don't understand why people are like mad at other people for their purchasing decisions
or decisions on stuff.
It's like, who cares?
It doesn't matter.
It's not impacting you at all.
Like it, it's just such a silly thing.
Like I, I don't get it.
Chewy 240 in chat says, anyone still doubting game pass needs to re-examine their gaming
life.
Well, let's talk about that.
Hello.
Let's talk about that.
Um, obviously a big reason why Microsoft has done this is to really buffer up game pass.
And this buffing up of game pass is starting now, like now, because we've already had the
Xbox game pass account tweet out a leak.
And I'm using my quotey fingers, a leak that long story short doom, eternal or doom.
One of them, probably both are on their way to Xbox game pass very soon.
Um, probably in the coming weeks, certainly before the end of the year.
So this investment is already starting to pay off.
And that's more than you can say for a lot of Microsoft's other investments.
That's not to shade any of those studios, but when you get Bethesda and as some of you
have noted in chat, Bethesda has a history that goes back to the fucking 19 or 19 eight.
Yes.
19.
I can't get my words right tonight.
The 1980s.
Okay.
I'm at my brain thought I said 1890s anyway.
It goes all the way back to the 1980s with some of the old games that they did.
Let's not forget.
Microsoft has a PC game pass as well.
Wouldn't it be pretty rad if like a lot of these old classics suddenly started showing
up on PC game pass?
I'm not saying they're going to, but if Microsoft wanted to go that route, they could.
And that's just going to strengthen that as well.
And then of course on the console front, now you have doom, doom and eternal.
Obviously you're gonna have elder scrolls six and it doesn't matter if the game goes
multi-platform because it's going to be part of game pass or you can pay $70 for it.
If you really want, you know, on PlayStation five, um, with game pass, Microsoft has now,
and I use this analogy on Bobby's show when I was doing the, the toss over and I'm going
to say it again.
It's like all these services and people trying to become the next game pass, right?
We have Google stadia.
We have a new one from Amazon.
We're going to talk about it a little bit.
We have, um, Nintendo switch online.
We have, uh, PlayStation and now the PlayStation plus, uh, games and all that Microsoft was
already out in front and now they have just pushed the nitro button and you remember that
and Ivan man, iron Stewart, super off-road, you hit that nitro button, you go flying out
in front.
That's what this Bethesda purchase has done.
They have nitro their way to the front with this game pass, which is where they truly
see gaming going is where movies and TV have gone, which is streaming, which is Netflix.
And how long did it take?
Because Netflix was so far out front with their investments of creating original programming.
So when it came the, uh, when it came to who's going to get the stranger things that
really kind of threw them out in first place and you know, all the Netflix originals that
have made them who they are, it has taken forever for other companies to catch up and
become part of the conversation.
Hulu is kind of getting there.
CBS all access is struggling.
CBS is been out there at CBS is one of the big three networks and they're having a hard
time catching on with streaming.
They're having to rebrand the paramount network.
They're having to bring in the forces from VH1 and MTV and in order to take on, uh, Netflix,
the only company that was able to nitro themselves to a level where Netflix is at pretty quickly
is Disney, Disney plus.
And the analogy here would be if Nintendo really wanted to, they could create something
stronger than game pass tomorrow.
Well, don't worry.
Just, they're not, we all know they're not, they're running a Nintendo time.
So right now we're, we're talking early two thousands of Nintendo.
Don't worry.
In 10 years, they'll have something that's similar to Netflix.
And then they'll, you know, everyone will talk how innovative it is.
They're just behind.
Nintendo plus will be out in 2030 it's, it's going to be some time.
I mean, I props to them if they figured this out early and I'm sorry.
The NES online and the SNES online don't count.
Y'all know it don't count.
It's, it's beans.
It's it's fucking free Pluto TV compared to, actually, I kind of like Pluto TV.
I shouldn't shade it, but it compared to Netflix, it's like a non-issue.
Okay.
Crackle.
It's yes.
Crackle.
Or like, or is it like my TV or I've got the Roku channel, which is just like the garbage,
like old shows.
Like I didn't even realize that this was syndicated.
It's the weather app that just plays the same forecast on loop for your area 24 hours
a day.
It's that, that actually exists on PlayStation four, by the way, there's like a weather app
anyway.
Um, I think like the Roku app, it's like, it's got like reruns of wings and that's about
it on there.
It's just like random stuff.
All right.
So my point is, and that whole chat comment I was responding to originally and talking
about, let's talk about game pass is that with this, Microsoft has propelled themselves
to the front that like everybody else is now going to be struggling to catch up.
And you see Sony kind of starting to move pieces in that direction.
It is too late.
They had now see Sony moving anything in that direction.
They have a lot of ground to make up and you know, Sony is going to kind of hope they can
still ride on.
And I'm not, I'm not, please don't miss hear me when I talk these critical things about
Sony and this is just the culture we're in now is that everything is so polarized.
And if I'm sitting here being critical of Sony, I must hate them.
I don't.
I've said it until I'm blue in the face every week on the show.
Cool.
We have Microsoft.
Yes.
Like not even that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Go back and listen.
Yes.
We, we've raked Microsoft over the coals and then some, okay.
The thing is we're, we're rooting for everybody.
Okay.
But the reality is in this department where we all see gaming is going, Sony has some
major catching up to do.
And what they showed with the PlayStation plus with free games, isn't quite it.
It is, it is movement in the right direction.
That's coming years too late.
So they have a lot of ground to make up now.
Sony could sign some deals and really make some ground up tomorrow.
Sony isn't charging an extra fee.
They're bundling in and PlayStation plus that is, you know, to be noted, but it just, you
know, you can feel how far behind they are now.
And if they don't start to make moves, bigger moves to catch up, Microsoft's really going
to run away with this.
I mean, honestly, if you want to say, you know, all their free games that they're offering
for the PlayStation five, really just kind of catching up to what Microsoft's been doing
because Microsoft's been putting out four games a month that you get with your monthly
subscription, whereas Sony's had two.
So they're already kind of behind with that plus games fast food for thought again, something
Sony could do tomorrow barring legal agreements.
And I know legal agreements take time.
Sony could just merge PlayStation plus and PlayStation.
Now I realize they may not be able to carry all the same games, but maybe PlayStation
now would allow them to open up three to one and hundreds of games from Playstations past.
And Sony could make that happen pretty quickly.
Will they?
I don't know.
No, I don't think they're never going to do that anyway.
They like their money too much.
Some other comments.
Yeah.
And Paley Hanumayo says, quite frankly, they'll still outsell Xbox this next gen.
That is not incorrect.
I actually agree with you.
The PlayStation five as hardware will outsell Xbox, however.
Here's the real question to ask at the end of this generation.
Who will have more monthly subscribers, PlayStation plus or Xbox Game Pass?
And hardware doesn't matter anyways, because when you think about it, they're making a
it's a loss for any hardware sold anyways.
And right now, people are just speculating based on how quickly pre-sales are.
And we don't even know because we don't know the actual numbers that are being sold.
And with these game streaming services, games pass is on PC.
It's also on mobile devices and PlayStation now.
I think people fighting the old school console war on Twitter with Sony versus Microsoft
and Nintendo is kind of out there doing their own thing.
I think they're gauging the wrong battle.
I think if you're in Phil Spencer's shoes, the battle you're looking at is what I just
mentioned.
They want to at the end of this generation have way more Xbox Game Pass subscribers than
there are PlayStation plus subscribers or Nintendo online monthly subscribers.
That is the battle Microsoft is going to fight.
The Nintendo online one.
I wouldn't even try to compare with them.
It's just like it's not even the same type of thing.
And it's not even the same amount of money that they're making.
I know.
But I had to include it.
I'm chewy, too, because because again, tomorrow, Nintendo could change this conversation, right?
I know we're all sitting here cynical.
They're not going to.
I accept that.
And I agree with it.
But let's also agree with the fact that if they wanted to tomorrow, Nintendo could change
this conversation.
No, they can't, actually.
No, they won't.
And they can't.
I'm going to go on the record.
They can't.
They cannot change this conversation in one day.
There is no announcement that they can make that would change this conversation.
All right.
Let's see.
Other comments in chat here.
Quest Buster says they're pushing the brand as a whole.
If the console doesn't beat the PlayStation 5 in sales, it's probably not as important
as expanding their ecology on everything else, not Sony or Nintendo.
And the break man says they're trying to expand Xbox as a platform far more reaching
than just a console.
Chewy 240 in chat says reoccurring revenue cash is king.
Correct.
What game saved an entire franchise and Square Enix from the brink of doom?
Final Fantasy 14.
Look it up.
That's why that game had to be fixed.
And it was fixed.
And it was fixed very well.
And what does Square Enix now thank for a lot of its revenue when Final Fantasy, you
know, some of the other titles weren't necessarily when Tomb Raider didn't sell as much as they
thought it would, which is ridiculous.
But you know what?
You all saw that headline, too, right?
But what game did they credit?
Mm hmm.
Anyway.
See it to be in chat says, I wonder if part of Nintendo being slow to roll some of that
stuff out is also because of related licenses potentially.
There is such a strong first party library, although most of what you see in the NES and
the SNES classics now is Nintendo's first party library.
To be honest, there aren't a lot of first party games left that aren't already on the
service.
There may be some tricky licensing things, but for the most part, all the first party
games that you would expect to see are out there.
Now they honestly don't think the licensing would be that expensive on those games.
To be honest, especially like, I'm sure they can because look at look at what the Wii
was.
You remember the Wii?
Well, you know, in the virtual console, how many games are on there?
And since and since you brought it up, like that's kind of where I was going with it,
is that but they still have yet to even tap into Game Boy, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo
64, GameCube, Wii, Wii U, they there's all these things they haven't tapped into yet.
So I don't know.
Did you see that crazy rumor that at the next Nintendo Direct they're going to flack out
a Game Boy player?
I just it's I don't I don't buy it at all.
I don't buy it wouldn't be surprised, but like.
Once again, that's just like kind of trickling stuff.
It's just it's giving you enough just to like, OK, cool, I can justify the money that I'm
paying for this online thing, but like it's not really doing anything, it's just kind
of just the bare minimum.
I guess I don't know.
Should I say something that's going to get me in trouble?
All right.
Of course, always.
It's not worth it for Nintendo to put out the Game Boy player.
Those games don't hold up well at all, save for like Tetris, which wouldn't even be a
part of it anyway, because there's Tetris 99 and there's agreements with the Tetris
company.
I'm not saying the Game Boy wasn't important for its time and all that, but a lot of those
Game Boy games, y'all, they do not hold up well at all.
It would be way smarter for them to go to the Game Boy Advance.
Those games hold up a lot better because a lot of them are on the same level with things
like Super Nintendo and beyond.
So sorry if you don't agree with what I said, but that's like the tea as I see it.
Those Game Boy games do not hold up well at all, like they're not going to be fun to play.
You'll play them for like 15 seconds and just be like, oh, yeah, I loved this when I was
a kid.
All right.
So anyway, Bobby Black, I'm just going to go straight to the virtual boy.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Pokemon Red Blue, not worth it.
Dead game, which is why they remade it twice.
And so it's not going to be a part of that collection.
Pokemon wouldn't be in there because and it was specifically red and blue.
They just remade it not that long ago as Let's Go Pikachu and Let's Go Eevee.
So they're not going to put those games in there.
So anyway, now Orangewrite says maybe have them all.
OK, that I could go a little more for.
So I'm not saying there's like, oh, my gosh, there are zero games I would ever play, but
it's just like I just think a lot of those games, it's not going to carry the weight
that y'all think it would.
Anyway, we're getting really distant from the original topic, which was Microsoft acquiring
Bethesda.
Any other bullet points on that story you wanted to get out, Loki?
No, that was pretty much it is just they they own Bethesda now and, you know, now maybe
we will get an actual Fallout New Vegas sequel because now we have Obsidian and we have Bethesda.
So technically they can make it happen.
That's what a lot of people are saying.
That's cool if that happens.
But you know, that's kind of one of those like, you know, one phase of enlightenment.
But the biggest phase of enlightenment is why don't they work together on a new game?
That would be something really, really cool.
Like have them work together on a new franchise, although it wouldn't happen tomorrow.
So.
All right.
Anyway, I think this is going to be pretty exciting for the future for Microsoft as far
as like Elder Scrolls six and that coming to Sony.
I don't know, like I wanted to be really cynical and come on the show and say it's not going
to happen and they're just talking that way to reduce some of the negativity.
But I really do think it's different now and Microsoft is fighting a different fight.
And so they might just go ahead and still release Elder Scrolls six on PlayStation and
kind of like I said, it's going to be 70 bucks there or free on Game Pass, free on Game Pass
with your subscription.
And that's the battle Microsoft's going to fight.
We'll see.
But there's nothing to say that they couldn't do like a timed exclusive.
Oh, they could do a timed exclusive.
They could do that there's a whole new expansion or part of it that is only on Microsoft.
There's there's a lot of things they could do with it.
Spider-Man is only available in Elder Scrolls six on Xbox.
That'll show him Questbuster in chat says Obsidian might actually be happy doing their
own thing now with outer worlds and the world they created with pillars.
I'm sure they still have the Fallout universe in their heart, but they've probably moved
on.
Yeah.
They'll probably just move on to something new.
But maybe there could be like a remastering or something, something that would take less
resources than a whole new game, but like a remastering of New Vegas or revisiting that
somehow that I say.
I would love more than the remaster of Oblivion or New Vegas.
That would be cool.
Do you?
OK.
Do you think there's going to be the Skyrim one more time edition on PlayStation five
and Xbox Series X?
Will there be a Skyrim one more time?
One more for the road encore edition for the.
I could see that, but I feel like it's got to happen.
Like if they don't put Skyrim on Xbox one X.
I've already done like the enhanced edition.
I don't know if they're going to necessarily do that again.
It would be funny, but like, I don't know if it would do that.
I don't think unless they can justify getting the return on it.
I mean, they already have like the special edition as it is, and I don't know what new
the Xbox Series X will necessarily do with the special edition, like how that will upscale
stuff on that.
So I mean, that sort of could be like releasing it again.
I don't think they will.
Tiger Claw on chat says Skyrim remastered in 4K HDR.
Well, you know, it may just end up being one of the things where it's like enhanced backwards
compatibility on Xbox Series X.
Yeah.
And yeah, it already does.
And so maybe it's going to have further enhanced capability on Xbox Series X and they'll just
say to Sony, well, you don't really care about backwards compatibility on PlayStation.
So we're not going to enhance it for that.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure that the PlayStation 4 and I want to say the PlayStation.
Oh, yeah, they've already enhanced Skyrim once.
Yeah, they've already enhanced it once.
I'm pretty sure it supports 4K and whatnot.
HDR.
Probably.
I don't know what the PC version does with the old engine, though, they're like, it just
doesn't look super great.
So like, I wouldn't even rebuild the whole thing.
You want to play it one more time.
One more time.
One more turn.
One more turn.
And I've got it on PC or my Xbox 360 and PlayStation 4.
Let's move on with the show and talk about the things we have been playing this week.
If it was Skyrim or what during how was your gaming week?
Again, Dark Sakura not here tonight because of the Jewish holiday, but we will see her
again next week and get caught up on everything that she has been playing throughout the week.
So Loki, how was your gaming week?
I picked up a breakpoint that we talked about last week.
The game looks kind of like Geometry Wars.
Oh, right.
That came out.
I need to pick that up, too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that's pretty cool.
It's very hard.
It's kind of you have to keep on your toes because your weapons keep breaking as you're
fighting through there.
So you have like all these different melee weapons that you get.
And of course, it's very similar gameplay and the aesthetic is very similar to Geometry
Wars, but pretty fun.
So I did play that a little bit.
I played a little bit of hot shot racing again, so that was pretty cool.
I'm really enjoying that game.
I actually went back and played some more Minecraft and a little frustrated with Microsoft
right now because I have a realm that I pay for.
And so I prepaid for that and then they want to be the pay again for my realm.
So it ended up charging me like three times for my realm subscription.
So obviously the Windows Store has some issues when it comes to that.
So I have to get a refund for those or something.
It's like seven bucks.
That's annoying.
So annoying.
Yeah.
And then I played a little bit of, well, actually quite a bit of Orna this week.
So I've been doing that.
I finally leveled up to 181.
I'm still kind of way behind because I don't play very often anymore.
And then I checked out Pokemon Go a little bit and played very little of that.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
I think I've been slacking on the Orna front myself and I really got to like all these
randos started joining our thing and I think it's because, well, I think we've been leveling
up because as a, I want to say free company and it's not what it is, it's a guild or whatever
it is in that game.
I think we've been leveling up.
I think we're showing up now in like those first two pages of like open kingdoms because
we've been leveling up so much and that's why we're getting all these randos that are
joining us.
I just thought there was a lot of people that he didn't know, I'm like, who are all these
people?
And those, so I don't know what to do about all that.
As long as they're nice, like whatever, I guess it's the most important thing.
Just don't be a dick and you know, we'll have fun getting to know new people.
But yeah, I've been slacking off on Orna.
I probably have been playing more ingress than any of the other location based games
this week just because with all the quarantine and everything, and especially like the heat
and the smoke here in California the past couple of weeks, I have not been going outside
as much and the COVID 19 pounds is really starting to show.
So I'm trying to get walking and doing that stuff more.
So Ingress is a good motivator for that.
I did a mission banner yesterday at a giant park in the south area of Sacramento and it
probably took me like two hours of solid walking.
I'd stopped and did the portal scanning here and there too, but you know, that was a lot
of exercise.
So I'm just trying to do that, you know, let that game motivate the exercise because that's
when it's its best really.
As far as other games, I've been playing Final Fantasy 14 because I'm always playing that
still working on my crafters and my paladin leveling that up.
But then I've also been spending a little bit of time, quite a bit of time actually
on two other games.
I've been playing a lot of No Man's Sky again, thanks to the recent 3.0 patch, which we're
going to talk about later in the show.
So I'll save most of my thoughts for them.
But because of that patch, I was like, you know what, what the hell?
Let's do it again.
Let's start a universe from scratch and see what happens.
And I was just really happy with the universe I rolled into and on the planet where I established
my base and stuff.
I am now like further along and I'm now into 10 plus hours, which is probably more than
I've spent on any other playthrough in that game so far.
And I just, I am really, really loving that game right now.
I'm going to talk a little more later in the show about the patch and some of the things
that it changed and some of the old games that I revisited to check out some changes.
So I'll show you that later in the show.
Let's see other games I've been playing.
One other game I've been playing a lot of this week, Hades.
So I bought that on Steam a couple weeks ago.
And this week I said, what the hell?
And I double dipped and I bought it on Switch as well.
And I've spent several hours on that game.
That is fun.
Like it's, you know, for the roguelikes and for what it is, it has a very kind of like
Diablo-esque feel to it, but it isn't Diablo.
Like it isn't that kind of game at all.
It's kind of more like a rogue-like, it just kind of, I don't know, plays a little bit
like Diablo, but it is very satisfying going through all those different dungeons and the
way they've kind of told the story and have all the different characters that they do
in a game like that is pretty neat.
And the voice acting is very well done.
So yeah, I've been really enjoying Hades.
It's weird to have to fight that first boss over and over and over again as you kind of
keep getting further and further.
But you do feel yourself progressing and that fight feels like it gets easier and easier.
And then you kind of learn how to do it with other weapons and stuff.
So yeah, I'm loving Hades.
It's a really good game.
Probably one of the best games of the year, honestly.
Siya Tabiri in chat says, another streamer I follow on here is thirsty for every character
in Hades.
Don't blame them.
The character design is really well done.
You really only see like the one picture of most of them.
Well, they have different poses and things like that.
So it's interesting because they don't like move and are fully animated like you see in
a lot of games today, but it works.
I'm not saying you have to have that.
I just said the game is one of the best of the year.
It's just interesting how it is limited, but it still manages to tell the story and contribute
to a great game experience the way that it does.
Quest Buster says, I'm really tempted to get Hades.
At Dev says, I kind of want to try Hades too.
I'm going to endorse it.
I will try to do a stream of it later on, or maybe like a recorded YouTube or something.
I have another idea stewing in my head for more video on demand stuff, but I will try
to do some more narrated gameplay of that and why I'm into that game a little later
on.
But I am super into Hades.
Good game.
So that was pretty much my gaming week.
Some quick housekeeping.
There may not be a show in two weeks.
I will confirm next week.
It's very possible I'm going to be going on a little trip.
And yes, I realize everything that's going on in the world and all of those precautions
and things are going into it.
It's not flying.
It's driving.
Are going into that.
I may not be back in time for a show in two weeks, considering I haven't gone anywhere
in about six months.
I'm going to take a night off, but I will confirm that next week because I may actually
be back in time.
Still working out some of the details.
So yeah, that's that.
Also over at the voice geeks network, vog network.com, just a couple weeks ago, we launched
the vog roundtables where we get some different people together to discuss a current topic
going on in geek culture.
And this week, this was a good one because it wasn't gaming.
I want to make sure we're doing some like, obviously, I'm going to make a lot of gaming
content because it's my wheelhouse.
But once in a while, I'm going to challenge myself to do something outside of that too.
So this week, we did a panel on cosplay in the COVID era.
And we kind of talked about how cosplayers are passing the time when there's really no
in person conventions right now.
And there's some pretty neat ideas like we heard about.
We had Aria snark or Victoria formerly of shaking and crying here at the voice geeks
network was a part of the panel.
And she talked about how she was doing like a virtual Disneyland birthday party dressed
up in cosplay.
So this is a really neat story.
So check that out.
The vog roundtable over at vog network.com.
Big ups to anime jam session who showed up and participated with that as well.
Rama and Ichigo, who is a frequent guest on that show.
So all right, let's move on though to talking about the news.
So Loki, what's going on in the news?
Yes.
So Amazon had their big kind of, you know, event that they talked about all the different
things coming out from Amazon, I think it's like the Amazon fire stuff.
And one of the things that they talked about is a brand new service called Luna.
It is a paid game streaming service that allows subscribers to play PC games remotely on computers,
phones, tablets, and fire TVs, I believe.
So they're charging $5.99 a month.
And you get a curated library of PC games called, I guess, the Luna plus game channel.
And you can check out quite a few different games on there.
So some of the stuff that I noticed off, you know, top my head here looking at this, they
got some pretty decent stuff on there.
There's luminous on their control grid.
And then more indie titles, like they have two point hospital, over cook to rhyme Ubisoft's
in there as well.
A resident in there, South Korea, Valhalla.
So they've got, you know, some bigger titles and a mix of kind of smaller titles in there
as well.
But yeah, and then you can also purchase a controller, which kind of looks like a Nintendo
switch pro controller, but with purple, which I kind of like the way that looks.
And yeah, plus there's since, you know, they do own Twitch, there is integrated Twitch
functionality as well.
So you can actually stream directly from that to Twitch, which is kind of cool.
Do you know that comic where it's got the two characters and the one like has like a
neat painting or something and the character goes, you made this and then takes the painting
and the last frame is like, I made this, you know, that whole thing where it's like, they
stole the thing.
Yeah.
That is what Amazon just did to Google Stadia in my opinion.
Yes, pretty much.
I mean, the difference though, with this and Stadia obviously is this is similar to like
a games pass or PlayStation now service where Stadia is even less of a less attractive because
yeah.
And that's exactly why I'm like Amazon just kind of like just snatched it from Google.
And I just like, especially when it comes to like the Twitch integration, oh, it's all
those things that YouTube should probably already be at when it comes to Stadia.
And well, yeah, Stadia still not out of beta.
Don't we still not have open services out of that was supposed to happen the first quarter
of this year.
What the hell happened?
Well, besides COVID okay, but it's been, we're talking about online stuff.
What's that additional beta is that when us being in COVID and, you know, using a lot
more online services be additional beta testing.
Yeah.
But I guess developers and everything, but yeah, honestly, I like the way the controller
looks.
I like purple.
I mean, maybe I just need to get purple controller.
Yes.
We hear it.
The voice geeks network love purple.
Exactly.
So I mean, I don't know.
It's all right.
But like, I'm not going to probably buy it.
It's a neat idea.
I'm curious to see how that works out.
Hey, maybe they'll throw it into, you know, prime or something like that.
Oh, that would be great.
Prime.
Yeah.
And then you get that as well.
But I don't know.
We'll see.
You know, it's interesting because we just had this discussion last week and we had the
round table and everything about the mid roll ads on Twitch and Twitch, maybe not, you know,
making enough money right now and they're having to look at other ways to make money.
Well, I would think this might be one of the ways where Twitch can help the Amazon machine
make money that, you know, I'm not saying that, you know, it's maybe going to be enough
to keep Twitch running, but it is something that is going to add value to the company.
You know, the ability to, I would assume one day just jump right into these games that
streamers are playing.
And I see that happen a lot.
One game that Alan has been playing a ton of lately is Dead by Daylight.
He's been playing that game a lot.
He played, you know, he gets super into one game at a time and that's the game right now.
But what I see him doing, he has streamer friends.
He has, you know, two or three regular, he probably has more than that, but two or three
that I regularly see streamer friends and they'll be online and playing.
And when he sees them online and playing and there's a spot, he'll just jump in and join
and play the game with them.
And so that whole process, I just explained, is probably going to be very, very easy with
something like Luna.
You know, if you see your streamer friend playing the game, just click here to join
in.
If the streamer wants that and their privacy settings are set up.
Yeah.
So I mean, assuming that's how they set it up, which would be very similar to like Stadia,
but I just don't see a lot of people using that.
Like it seems like a cool idea, but like I don't think there's a lot of people playing
Stadia and honestly, like the folks that are streaming to YouTube or even Twitch, I don't
think that they're using these services.
I mean, I don't know.
Well, one reason you can't really, you can't really stream Stadia right now, anytime I've
shown Stadia here on OLR, I prerecorded it and then I showed it here.
You can't really stream Stadia because you can't have the bandwidth to send that all
up.
Well, maybe you do depending on your internet, but right now most people don't have the capability
to...
It's all remote.
Right.
But if Luna is integrated with Amazon and it's all tied together, then hypothetically,
you can kind of hit a button to stream your gameplay and it's going to stream from the
web services side and it would require...
That's how Stadia works as well.
It's just Stadia sucks, but that's how it works as well.
It streams from Google's cloud services or whatever.
To YouTube?
Yeah.
To YouTube.
Oh.
That's because that's how it does, for example, if your PC or whatever you're streaming on
can't handle 4K or something like that, so you're playing in 1080p or something.
When you stream it to YouTube, it's actually in 4K.
The fact that I, a streamer, don't even know about that whole stuff, I thought I read that
that was going to be a thing, I didn't realize that it was already baked in, says a lot
about Stadia.
Yeah.
Well, okay, so...
Once again, don't care because it's Stadia and I'm not buying games on that service and
I'm not using it and...
So I don't care, sorry.
I think depending on the game, especially when it comes to MMOs and things that are
specifically multiplayer, I think there will be a place for jumping right in with your
favorite streamer, just like Alan does already with something like Dead by Daylight.
Unfortunately, a game like Control, a game like Luminous, a game like Res Infinite, those
are all fantastic games, but they're not games you're going to jump in and play with your
favorite streamer.
It's going to take the right game.
Something like...
You know the game Luna needs tomorrow?
Among Us.
Hello!
That's like a 10-person game and that would be a great one that you could just...
How often do I see that being played on a Twitch where then one person has to go and
it's like they have a hole in the game so they have to change the rules or they have
to have a rando, which gets weird.
Hello!
That's the game that you would be able to jump in and easily play with your friends.
Or something like 100 vs. 1, a Fortnite, a Tetris 99.
What's that?
It's like free and mobile.
Yeah, it uses ads.
It's like five bucks, you know?
So...
Just pay the five dollars.
I mean, it's...
I don't know.
But that integration would still go a long way, I'm just saying.
Yeah.
Anyway.
So are you interested in more about Luna or...
Probably not really.
No.
Funny enough, even though I'm kind of wary about having Amazon have access to cameras
in my house, that camera thing that they've got on the drone camera that they have is
kind of cool.
But aside from that, I don't know.
I do like the drone camera.
That's kind of neat.
But...
Well, we have that...
What is it?
Ring or whatever?
We have Amazon's camera thing in our house.
That's what it is.
It's a Ring camera, but it's a drone, so it flies around your house in film stuff.
That's kind of cool.
Someone in Amazon HQ wants to watch me walk from the bedroom to the shower.
I hope they enjoy what they see, honestly.
It's just...
Whatever.
I don't care.
Camera's not pointed that way anyway.
Anyway.
For me, the Amazon Luna streaming, it's a great example of what I just said about now
Microsoft is way far out in front of the competition.
I kind of look at this and I go, oh, this is cool, but I have Game Pass already now,
and there's like...
I don't really see...
There's some nice games here.
The ones I would want to play, I pretty much already own already, though, so this is cool.
This would have been a lot better two years ago.
This is a perfect example of when I say Microsoft is way far out in front, and the other people
are going to take too long.
This is a great example of that.
Luna's getting out the door about two years too late.
And I would say, though, that probably this is already a step up from Google Stadia, just
from their initial offering.
Just sounds better anyways.
There's more games.
It doesn't...
You don't have to pay for each additional game.
I get it that Google Stadia has that library that's available, but that's not the same
thing.
That's like calling what PlayStation Plus has the same thing as Game Pass.
It's not the same thing.
So I just...
I think it's already a little bit better, but still that's like...
It's not all that attractive.
That's like saying, you know, this...
To go back to the analogy that we were using earlier, Google Stadia's Crackle, although
I don't think you have paid for Crackle, but let's just say that you did.
So Google Stadia, or maybe it's like Voodoo, okay, so it's not necessarily...
It's Voodoo to Amazon's Quibi, but it's not going to compete with Hulu or Netflix.
Now that's just mean to call it Quibi.
Come on.
That's mean.
Don't do that.
It's not as good as obviously the other stuff, but you never know.
It could get better.
I mean, and it already has like the opportunity to do that.
I'd like to see what they're going to do with it.
And whatever happened to all these games that Amazon was supposed to be putting out,
like, don't they have some games that they're working on?
Like I thought there was some Amazon game studios or something that...
Yeah, the RPG, I keep seeing some people playing it on Twitch.
I don't know if it's still like...
Oh, right, right, right.
Is it the one that's like a Fortnite, but like it's like a Battle Royale...
No, Spellbreak, that's not an Amazon thing.
Okay.
That's not...
Okay.
No.
Okay.
Thank you, Questbuster.
Oh.
Preview events is what it is.
New World.
Got it.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about No Man's Sky.
So No Man's Sky is a game that I've been playing an awful lot of this week, and pretty much
the catalyst for me jumping on it again was the 3.0 update.
So there was a big 3.0 update called Origins, and what did Origins do?
So the Origins update added billions of new planets, apparently.
They also changed the diversity of flora and fauna, also changing different weather systems
and making more dramatic terrain types.
So basically they're saying in a short, it changes pretty much everything, and as far
as like the look of the game and what you encounter on the planets, it definitely does
change a lot of things.
In this playthrough that I have, so I started over, and honestly, if you've spent like less
than 10 hours on your save file, just start over.
Like there's so much in the tutorial, there's so much that it walks you through and so forth
that you are going to have a lot to discover and see and do, and you're not going to feel
like you're retreading the same path because you're going to be on New Worlds and things
like that, and now everything looks a little bit different.
So I would say just start over, especially those of you guys that like bought No Man's
Sky back when it first launched and haven't touched it since, this is probably a pretty
good time to jump in and check that stuff out.
So I've been really enjoying my time with the game.
I've gotten further in, even though the story branches in multiple paths, so there isn't
like really a story, but I feel like I'm farther in a couple of those paths than I was ever
in any of my previous playthroughs, of which I've rebooted No Man's Sky like five times
now.
Yeah, I haven't played in a long time, and I was actually thinking about, you know, booting
it up on PC, which I haven't played at all because I purchased that when I was on sale
one time, and I was like, oh, I should really go back and play that because I haven't played
it since.
Yeah.
1.0.
And Bobby Blackwell says, did you start over on PC or PS4?
I started over on PS4, however, if you aren't already aware, No Man's Sky put in cross-play
like two patches ago.
So you will see a little icon now next to usernames that show you what it says.
I don't know how they handled the world naming.
Like if two people were in it, I don't know how they did that.
That didn't affect anything because I've been starting new games and such.
Have they reset all that?
I don't think they did.
In fact, I know they didn't.
I'm going to get to that in a minute.
But you have now if you have a friend code, basically, which I know is dumb, but it's
how they get away with it.
So basically what you do if you add somebody by their No Man's Sky friend code, then it
doesn't matter what platform they're on and you will see them on your No Man's Sky friend
list and you can interact with them and so forth.
So PC, PS4, Xbox, and it's on Game Pass.
So it doesn't matter anymore.
So that's that's the really good news about that.
Yeah.
And Questbuster says players have icons that can tell you if they're PC or PS4 players.
Yeah.
It has a little keyboard and mouse for PC and then Xbox has like an Xbox shape controller
and PS4 has PS4.
So yeah.
Now the base where I've established on is now I've called the planet MSEP for Main Street
Electrical Parade because it's one of those planets where like the flora and fauna glow
at night and it looks very neon.
It looks like Darnassus and wow, except more red than purple.
It's really pretty like the way it glows and I set up my base there and I really, really
like it.
Sorry, I should have got some video of it, but maybe I'll do a stream at some point or
something, but it's really pretty.
So I'm like really into this base.
I've actually built a place to land my ship so you can take off and not have the fuel
costs and all that stuff, which is pretty cool.
Bobby Blackwell says, do they have cross save?
Like can I play on a PS4 and just move to a PC with the same game?
I'm not sure, but I'm leaning towards no, just because I haven't seen it, but I would
Google it or something before I definitively answer that question because again, they've
been changing a lot with the game.
Now here's the downside to this patch.
And for people that have been playing the game a long time, some people may have built
their base on a really pretty planet before and that planet may have changed.
I didn't realize this was part of it.
When they talk about all the flora and fauna and all this stuff, they changed old planets
to put in all this new stuff.
Now they didn't go so far as to, if you were on a non-environmental hazard planet before,
suddenly you're on a toxic nightmare planet.
They didn't do that, but they definitely changed planets.
And so some people had their bases on these really like perfect planets and this update,
Oh great.
A volcano is now next to their base, you know?
And yes, there is now a weather circumstance where it can rain fire.
And I actually saw this on a planet where it was literally called that circumstance
2020.
It was, they probably should have.
Anyway, to put this together and show you what I mean, I actually have a little video
I'd like to show you here.
So those of you that have been following VOG for a while and maybe watched some personal
streaming that myself and Bobby Black Wolf do a couple of years ago during the 2.0 upgrade.
And yeah, it was like a couple of years ago.
We started building our bases on a planet called Blissey.
We called it Blissey because it was a peaceful planet.
It looked very earthy.
It looked very serene and peaceful.
I couldn't find any footage of this planet on my Twitch, in my clips, but I did find
some on Bobby Black Wolf's channel.
So here without permission is some footage from Bobby Black Wolf's Twitch.
So this is Blissey.
Now it's at night, but you can see, and I'll, I'll narrate over this a little bit for the
podcast listeners.
You can see it's very green.
It's very beach.
It's very, you know, and you see Bobby running from my base to his base, he's kind of jet
packing.
There's the occasional little animal there.
And you know, you can see like there was like one mountain in the distance and so forth,
right?
So this is the planet Blissey and you know, Bobby's got his base set up and all that fun
stuff.
Here is what Blissey looks like now.
So I booted up my old save file on my PlayStation five or my PlayStation five.
I wish my PlayStation four earlier today.
Look at that.
It's all pink.
Now there's this pink fauna.
Well for one, I spawned right on top of a toxic plant, which is kind of annoying.
So there's that now to deal with, but I kind of laughed when I saw it was all pink with
the flaunt, uh, with the fauna and stuff on the ground because excuse me, the flora fauna
would be the animals.
We'll get to that in a minute.
The flora is all pink and it made me laugh because Blissey is a pink Pokemon.
So that kind of cracked me up.
I was checking here in the interface.
This is just recorded live game players checking in the interface because I was like, why don't
you'll notice in the lower left, I don't see the actual planet.
We renamed it to Blissey, but I was seeing the old name and check out that gigantic monolith.
We just saw in the video was not there before.
So that was something that was added there.
Uh, yeah.
So even though the name in the corner says like Etome, some of the something, it's actually
the planet Blissey.
And you could see that in the online services.
I think that probably just has something to do with some of the changes and so forth.
Um, now what we're seeing in the footage, there are all of these animals everywhere.
Whereas in the old footage, you would see the occasional one animal.
There's like all these little turtle looking things everywhere now and so forth.
And now here's where I'm doing that exact same run to Bobby's base that he was doing
in the old footage.
You can see just how different the ground looks with the varied kind of like pink fauna
animals everywhere now that were in the old one and so forth.
So I'm scanning some of these animals, but as I am doing some scanning, one of the, so
a lot of this is like, cool, gray, awesome.
Looks great.
Let me show you the punchline.
Look carefully on the left hand side of the screen while I start to scan some of these
things where it talks about what is going on with the planet.
Look at the left side of the screen and for the podcast was just going to read it.
It says lethal humidity outbreaks.
Hold up.
Hold up.
So you're in Florida?
Hold up.
The planet Blissey, our peaceful, nice, quiet planet where we established our VOG bases
and here's me running to Bobby's base and it's going to show the message and so forth.
The lovely planet, serene, quiet Blissey has lethal humidity outbreaks.
I don't even know what that is to begin with, but sounds very 2020 as some folks are saying
in chat, but yeah.
So anyway, that just kind of cracked me up there as we were doing that.
So anyway, there it is.
A look back at, or a look forward as well as a look back at No Man's Sky.
So anyway, I do recommend the patch and checking out No Man's Sky.
It's pretty cool.
So, all right, let's go ahead and move on with some more stories.
Loki, what do you have for us up next?
All right.
So Among Us is obviously very popular as of late and as such, the developers behind the
game announced that Among Us 2, which was originally announced almost 40 days ago has
now been canceled.
They have canceled it because they are working on continuing to support the original game
and the content for that because it's so popular.
So it makes sense.
You don't want to just like, you know, separate the crowd they're playing Among Us among two
different games.
Then you have to support two different games.
It's just easier to put the content into the original one, which yeah, I'm fine with that.
So pretty cool.
Yep, yep.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I feel for the devs because the original game's code
base sounds unwieldy to add to, like Minecraft's was, and they wanted to start over with all
the lessons they learned.
Yeah.
So it's an interesting kind of side effect of the game becoming so popular.
It's almost like, oh crap, now we're stuck with this now.
I mean, I get, they could have just done a part two, but maybe they're worried like,
and I get it like a part two, there's a lot of risks that come with that, you know?
Yeah, they could, I could see them doing something similar to like, well, probably a bad example
but what Ingress did where they just, you know, redid the scanner, completely redesigned
it from the ground up.
They could do that with this game.
So number two is technically number one, it's just like 2.0 or something like that.
Oh.
They just replaced the whole thing.
We were just talking about a game that did something like that actually.
So I guess that would make a lot of sense, right?
Right, exactly.
So I could see him doing something like that, but no, at least as long as they're still
continuing to support it, I think it's still pretty good.
Yeah.
Okay, fair enough.
All right.
Well, let's move on talking about other updates.
Let's talk about Animal Crossing, which is going to be getting a pretty large fall update.
So there's going to be some Halloween events coming to Animal Crossing.
Of course, there has to be Halloween events, right?
Because all the games have had them.
Yeah.
And if you didn't know this about Animal Crossing, you can't just data mine it off the disc,
the cartridge, whatever the files now, because they didn't even put in the holiday events
because they didn't want people, or they probably weren't done yet, but they don't want people
spoiling them either.
So now they're going to be patching in the Halloween events since Halloween's coming
up.
And there's Jack the Lantern is going to be somebody that visits.
He'll have Halloween goodies, and there'll be a Halloween event and game with candy that
you buy and you give it to residents.
There are also going to be pumpkins in the game, and it's going to be part of crafting.
So no word if I'll get my pumpkin spice latte, but I imagine there'll be things like pumpkin
chairs, pumpkin couches, pumpkin beds, which sounds fun, I guess.
It is all launching this coming week, September 30th is when the new update is coming.
Nintendo put out a video to their social media channels that shows everything to look forward
to.
There's going to be another patch that will introduce the holiday events coming in November,
and I imagine they're not going to want to patch it in late December because of the holidays.
Even if the holidays are a little different in Japan than they are here, it's just still,
it's not a good time to be doing those patches.
So November is probably when we're going to start to see that stuff pasted or patched
into the game.
On that note, I haven't touched Animal Crossing in a couple of weeks now.
I think it finally wore off for me.
That big stream we did a couple of weeks ago was probably like the last hurrah.
I've played a couple of times since then, but I just got frustrated with the fact that
I was not getting any more photos from villagers.
I was visiting every single day, trading stuff, and I was not getting pictures.
And I was like, you know what, there's nothing else for me to do in this game right now.
I'm going to go play Hades instead.
Yeah, my wife's been playing that to get photos now.
So she's been doing that and remodeling some of the island stuff.
Maybe the fault.
I mean, I would be lying if I said, oh, I'm not going to check it out anymore because
I'm certainly not anti-Animal Crossing or anything.
It's just, I think I just kind of wore the game out.
But I think it's nice that this is coming because this will give me a reason to boot
it up again and probably check it out a little bit.
And yeah, I'll probably try to craft some of the pumpkin furniture and see what that's
all about because, you know, everybody knows I love my pumpkin spice and stuff like that.
So I'll see what kind of fun things I can craft to fit that theme.
But then I'll probably get my time taken over with other games again.
It tends to happen.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I haven't booted Animal Crossing since early July.
I'm going to boot it up and find that my village is all flowers everywhere.
I don't I'm my understanding is that the towns don't become overrun with weeds anymore.
Like you'll get a day or two worth of weeds, but you're not going to have to clean up like
a month worth of weeds or flower because the game, if you're not there, it doesn't rain.
It's kind of the logic that the game follows.
So if you booted it up tonight, you'd probably find that, yeah, you have a couple of days
worth of damage, but it's not nearly as bad as you would think.
And in some of the other games, have you been gone for a few months and villagers will reach
you a little bit for not having checked in for a while, but then they'll just go on like
nothing's ever happened.
Like, oh, you just took a little vacation, whatever.
Black and Pat says, I haven't booted it since Memorial Day weekend.
Yeah.
So there's a lot of people haven't checked in in a while to have it.
If you're gone for a long time, that said, he just shouts at you for a while.
Yeah.
That would be fun.
See a Tiberian chat says, I still log in at least once a day.
So it's just different for everybody.
And Bobby says, I did hear that villagers don't move out while you're gone.
They used to in other games.
That is also true because remember, villagers always ask for your permission to leave now.
That is different from the other games.
They used to just like leave.
Like you turn on the game one day, bye, I left, I moved over and I packed my shit and
left last night.
And they don't do that anymore, which considering that the game is played by a lot of kids is
probably a good thing because you know, there would be kids that would be gutted if a particular
villager left their town overnight, because that's what happened to all of us and the
GameCube version.
Um, so yeah, that doesn't really happen.
They didn't care about our feelings at all.
Yeah.
Back then game companies didn't care about you.
So anyway, uh, no one special 77 chat says people probably have checked in on their Neopets
in decades.
They're probably all decomposed by now.
Digital dust.
No.
If you log into Neopets, if you can remember your login and password, they're all still
there.
I believe they're probably changed a little bit, but, uh, no, your Neopets do not die.
If you haven't fed them in 20 years, um, it's magic and what's the point then.
All right.
Let's move on with more news Loki.
So this is kind of disappointing to hear from a first party company, but apparently Sony
has confirmed that there is no free PlayStation five upgrade for the PlayStation four Spider-Man.
Um, that's not to say that it's not incredibly confusing.
So let me try to explain it a little bit.
It's the way this works.
So if you purchase the original Spider-Man game on PlayStation four, well, you're not
going to get an upgrade to the PlayStation five without rebuying the Marvel's, um, Spider-Man
Miles Morales, which the ultimate edition on that is, I believe, I don't remember they're
calling out cross play or cross by or whatever.
So basically you get a PlayStation four and PlayStation five version from that.
And they throw in the original game as a bonus.
So they're making the original remaster, but they're not going to give it to you if
you've already paid them money, uh, allegedly.
And then, um, apparently though, there is also a $20 paid upgrade that you can bump
up the, um, Miles Morales ultimate edition.
I'm sorry.
So you can buy Miles Morales, um, version of the game and it's just that, or you can
buy the ultimate edition, which also throws in the original game as well.
Um, it's confusing, but this kind of just goes to show you how Sony is taking this next
generation of, um, consoles.
So they are basically making you pay for every little bit of upgrade and whatnot for these
games, much like some of these third party companies are, um, like Activision is wanting,
you know, $70 for their games as well.
Sony is also charging $70 for their games because they want the money from that.
This is why I am very skeptical on the fact that we will never see a service like games
pass.
I think, I mean, I guess they have PlayStation now, but it's not the same where it can download
the game, run it natively on the system.
Um, sure.
There'll be PlayStation two games.
And the fact that I think there's more PlayStation two games coming out this week, but they're
going to sell them to you.
They're not going to give them to you as part of this service or all inclusive thing.
They're going to piecemeal it all out to make as much money as they can off of it.
Um, whereas you have, you know, Nintendo also doing kind of a similar approach where they
don't want to put many titles in their online catalogs because they're worried that devalues
their titles.
That's why they never dropped the price on their titles.
Well and there's, there's also the answer as to why you never got like a, uh, Nintendo
64 mini is because with the Nintendo 64 mini, um, you would now have Mario 64 included.
And that's something that they want you to get in the Mario three D all-stars.
I think it's also because they couldn't redo the hardware that they had because the SNES
mini and the Nintendo mini, the NES mini, I guess, um, both ran on identical hardware.
And so they could essentially just repurpose that they can't do that for Nintendo 64.
It barely works.
You can put into the 64 games on those consoles if you mod them, but it doesn't run well.
They would have to develop new hardware for that.
And so there's a cost associated with that.
Plus the system would have to be more expensive and it's whether they're going to make their
money back on it.
So it's just not cost effective for them to do that one.
They could just put out, you know, as collection of emulated games and sell for 60 bucks.
Yeah.
Uh, I don't think this is the right call for Sony.
Um, you know, I understand games cost money to make, they've got to pay the people to
develop them.
Um, I would have been a little more comfortable maybe with a paid upgrade that isn't quite
the full cost of the game.
Um, but I think this decision might bite them a little bit because I can tell you for me
personally, I never did get Spiderman for PlayStation four.
I probably would have when it went on a big sale later on.
Um, but I can tell you, I'm not going to now.
Now that I know it's not going to upgrade to the PlayStation five version, well, I'm
just going to hold off until I get a PlayStation five, then I'll revisit Spiderman at that
point.
Um, wrong call in my opinion.
And again, it's something that the competition, Microsoft is approaching a bit differently.
And uh, I just, I hate to see it.
It's a little frustrating.
I get it.
That not everything is free.
Yeah.
There does.
It's some of the stuff does cost money.
My take on it though, is that the additional assets that they're creating for miles Morales,
I mean, they're creating a PlayStation five version, so they have to create the assets,
whether they're not, you know, whether or not they're going to be using it for this
original game or not, they're already being created.
They're already selling you that, that game anyways.
Like I don't understand if they already have this version of the game available, like how
much money are you really losing on that?
I mean, it's just, it's just weird though, that they wouldn't do that.
I guess that the point is that, well, if you really want to remaster, then you'll want
to purchase this additional thing, but they're just trying to get another sale out of you.
Or as Microsoft, I think would just, a lot of these are free upgrades.
How about this?
You know, cause this would go back to the point I made earlier about, I think that,
you know, no, Microsoft will not sell as many Xboxes this generation as Sony sells PlayStation
five.
And especially when you factor in Japan, however, uh, that's not the fight Microsoft's fighting.
Again, it's about how, who has more subscribers to their service at the end of this generation.
And so my point is, what if Sony made it free for PlayStation plus to get those upgrades?
And now that would be an added benefit about PlayStation plus that could be interesting.
And I could go for that.
Yeah.
But they're not going to do that because of course they're not, but I'm trying to, I'm
trying to get her online play.
And so it's, it's not an, it's on an upsell.
They give an answer that still gives Sony some money.
I'm trying to go to a reasonable answer that still allows Sony to get some money.
They want all of the money.
That's why they won't give up Spiderman for the MCU and stuff because they want, they
want that money.
And on, I mean, it just, it's, I don't know if people are going to remember it even beyond
like this, if they continue to do this, go down this path with this generation, but like,
it just, it's, it, what little money you're losing from this, you could build so much
goodwill from it, but they just don't care.
And it's, I don't know, they want all of the pennies.
So we'll see how that strategy pays off, but you know, again, I think when it comes to
places like Japan, it's not going to matter, you know, and Spiderman doesn't exist anywhere
besides PlayStation.
So they kind of get to call the shots.
Not a lot we can do about it besides not buy it.
So, yeah.
All right.
Moving on.
I want to talk a little bit about iOS and Microsoft getting an app on iOS, but it's
not quite the one you're thinking of.
It is not the whole cloud issue being resolved, but I'm going to come back to that point in
just a moment.
Let's we'll come back to that for now, though, an Xbox remote play app is coming to iOS.
So yes, this feature is being tested right now, and apparently it will allow you to connect
directly to your Xbox One or, of course, the upcoming consoles like Series X, S, et cetera,
and it will let you play anything that's on your system.
So it's kind of interesting that the cloud thing doesn't work, but this does, but since
you're connecting to your own system and it's, I guess there's just a difference there, and
it's all kind of like streaming within your own house or what have you.
So you will be able to use this app to do that.
Again, this is different from X cloud.
You are streaming from your own box.
So I don't think that means you could do that out off cellular.
Maybe you can.
Could you play off cellular to your own Xbox One?
I'll be a fan with hog.
Probably a lot of the networks out there, but when we finally get better 5G coverage
and there's a bandwidth out there.
Which if rumors are to be believed is going to be an iOS later this year is 5G.
Well, they can have whatever they want in iOS, but it's whether the networks are actually
out there.
That's going to matter.
Right?
Yeah.
So good.
They support it.
Great.
But like that doesn't actually build the network.
So, um, I don't know.
I don't know if the bandwidth's out there for that.
It would be a cool way to get around, uh, get around the whole iOS problem, you know,
just stream game pass to your console then stream that to your, I mean, there's more
latency built up there, but maybe it's not so bad.
Um, well, since you brought up getting around the iOS store, something we didn't talk about
in the Luna thing, which I think now's a good time to bring it up since we're talking about,
you know, Microsoft kind of finding a way into the app store, Luna has figured out how
to get an iOS app.
And basically what they're doing, they're doing something.
This has been around in iOS for a long time, but very few people actually make use of it.
And that is a web app.
Basically all you're doing, you're making a website bookmark and you, it launches like
it's an app because that's what it is.
It's a website bookmark that it's just an app on your phone.
And so Luna has figured out how to run in a Safari browser window at full speed.
Maybe this is something where Microsoft isn't at yet, but what's very interesting too.
If you look in some of the Microsoft legal filings and things like that, Microsoft or
Apple, I'm sorry, in the Apple legal filings.
And so that in the Epic versus Epic Apple versus Epic thing, good Lord, um, Apple has
even said if they went down this route of having web apps, this would not be an issue.
This is a solution for them.
It's just something they're not doing, um, because I believe the backloading of Fortnite
on Android devices to go around, uh, the store was a similar thing.
I think you were loading it from like a web app type of thing, and it wasn't quite as
well adopted as it was coming from the store.
So I think the, well, that one was downloading an APK on the iOS side.
I'm not sure.
The Android side, it was downloading a siloed in APK to load it in, but, um, that obviously
you get a whole bunch of popups saying, Oh, this is not secure, dangerous viruses beware.
Yeah, I get that.
So, um, so it's interesting, but Luna somehow is going to be, cause I can't think of a lot
of things I've actually saved as web apps.
I remember an early, early conversation.
Obviously Bobby remembers this too, um, where we were talking about like having like VOG
or maybe it was even the old network at one point having like a web app that would launch
and you could have the, I think the old networks radio player trying to encourage people to
install that as a web app.
And it's just, it's kind of hard to get that adoption.
So I kind of wonder how Luna thinks it's going to get adopted.
Maybe because it is, this is a much bigger deal.
This is not some indie podcast networks, little remote player.
This is how to play control and luminous and res infinite, and it's an Amazon product and
it'll be advertised on Twitch and all this stuff.
Maybe they figured they're going to get a better adoption rate for it, for the whole
concept of a web app.
I don't know.
But anyway, Microsoft could ultimately go down the same route if they can get X cloud
working in a Safari window.
Um, which we'll see.
You know, and I don't just mean working, I mean working well.
You know, because, you know, if it stutters, if it lags, that's all going to look bad on
Microsoft.
It's not going to look bad on Apple.
It's only bad on Microsoft.
So be interesting to see if they figure out a way to resolve that.
By the way, there's another app from Microsoft and Xbox coming to iOS.
So there's lots of apps for Xbox on iOS.
It's just not, you know, the one everybody's talking about.
In fact, I think most of our audience will probably not care about this, but some of
you will.
It's the Xbox Family Sharing app.
You know, Nintendo kind of has something like this too, and they have a cute little animation
for this.
And this is very common these days now.
It's basically an app from your phone that allows you to credit your kid or teen or whoever's
playing on the Xbox credit time, screen time, and you can limit it so that like they only
get an hour on the Xbox a day during the week.
Maybe you can add bonus time if they've done their homework, which is kind of interesting.
It actually shows the little concept video, like one of the kids in the house sending
a message to the parents app, can I have more time on the Xbox and the parent can like accept
or decline right there, which I think is kind of interesting.
Is this now, Loki, you have kids, they're not maybe quite at that age yet where they're
running this.
Well, maybe actually, maybe I don't know, you'd have to tell me, are they running the
consoles by themselves at this point, or do they still need your help?
And is this an app that you would use in your household?
I know you don't have Xbox, but hypothetically.
I don't have Xbox yet.
You ordered an X though, right?
Exactly.
Right.
Yeah.
I forgot to get into my game week.
Yeah.
I did get a pre-order for an Xbox Series X.
So we never talked about that.
Yeah.
We'll come back to that in a little bit, the pre-order game.
But I do actually use this because we have Microsoft accounts for, well, he has it for
Roblox and for Minecraft.
So he has to have a Microsoft store account in order to be able to do that.
I did have family settings on there at one point, but then it got like annoying because
we were trying to like do friends, like add each other as friends.
Like I was trying to have my youngest son and it just was a pain in the butt to get
it to work right.
I made him an adult nerd.
But now he still has to ask me for permission to be able to buy something from the store
because he doesn't have a payment card on file.
But it was annoying.
He's still a child account, but he took all the restrictions off of it as far as being
able to add friends and stuff like that.
Well, he sells the restrictions on it, but I had to do it to be able to add myself on
there as so we could all play together.
It's very frustrating to do the basic stuff on there, but they make it that way on purpose
so that you can really lock it down if you want.
But I get like emails and stuff of like how much time he's been spending in different
apps and stuff like that.
So yeah, so that would be kind of neat.
I mean, he just doesn't play Xbox and he's probably not going to be playing the Xbox.
No one special 77 in chat over Twitch TV slash vog network says on paper, this sounds good,
but in practice, I don't know.
The typical kid ain't stupid.
If you thought we were tech savvy as kids compared to our parents, kids nowadays are
more so they'll find a way around this.
Well, the tools do get better, but I will agree as some kids.
Well, some kids figure out how to social engineer.
That's what I did.
Wink.
You.
And what I mean by social engineer is, oh, I got to help you fix your computer here,
but it's asking me for your password to fix the computer.
What's the password?
And then you figure out your parents password by helping with something.
And oh, how about that?
It's the same password that lets me do these other things.
I'm not saying I did or did not do that as a kid.
But I will say my mom had a certain fondness for a certain Hawaiian Island.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's see.
Other comment.
In chat I was going to read right now.
So OK.
So we'll see what develops with these apps and so forth with Microsoft.
I'm curious to see if they jump on the whole web app thing.
We're going to get to the classic game of the week here.
But actually, before I do, let me insert because you reminded us here, yes, with all this talk
and it's been a fairly busy gaming newsweek between Tokyo Game Show and this huge news
about Microsoft and ZeniMax and all that going on.
So we didn't even talk about that Xbox Series X and S preorders happened this week.
And we mentioned on last week's show, I said I am going to preorder Xbox this time.
I did not preorder PlayStation 5 yet.
That will be a 2021 thing.
But I did decide to get Xbox Series X this year.
And Loki also decided to get on the Xbox game.
So how did it go for you with the preorder, Loki?
It was rather pain free.
I mean, sure, there were sites that were buggy and stuff.
So I tried getting it from a few different places at first, but then it kept saying sold
out.
I ended up getting it through Walmart originally.
And it like three times when I processed it, it kept saying that they were sold out, even
though I had got one.
And by the third time, then it finally went through, even though I was in like that confirm
thing.
I was just hitting confirm on it and it finally it went through once and I was like, cool,
done.
But like Amazon, I know immediately the site just crashed immediately or like we were getting
the you know, the something's wrong dogs, you know, and then Best Buy and even Microsoft
site.
It was just all like unavailable for a while.
So luckily, I was able to just be there right at eight when it went live and ended up taking,
you know, a preorder with Walmart site before I had like some other stuff.
So it just made sense to do it there.
Congrats.
So I was looking right at eight a.m.
I was trying to look at a few sites.
I was trying to look at Costco because that was on the original list on Microsoft's original
press release.
Costco is there.
I don't think they ever did take preorders to Series X.
So I'm sitting there trying to load it.
Nothing's showing up.
So I'm like, whatever.
I'm just going to kind of do it.
A lot of people on Twitter do it.
And I'm going to watch that Wario 64 account, which, you know, hey, props to the guy.
He's very good at or I guess it could be gal or non-binary running that account because
they've never shown their face.
It's just a personality.
So with Wario 64 account, they get like all the latest, you know, oh, these sites are
preordered into.
Now, if you didn't know this, they're hiding referral codes in those Amazon links.
So all y'all that were using that account for your Amazon like that guy just got a salary
for the whole month off all and probably then some from all your preorders for the Xbox
Series X and PlayStation 5.
You know what?
Yeah.
You know what he's doing?
He's doing a service.
You're using the service.
It's not costing you anything.
So I'm not I'm not hating on him.
I'm just saying that's you know, that ain't nothing free, bitch.
Anyway, that's what I'm saying.
So I was watching that account in one window and I saw that Target was up and I was having
that problem where I'd add it to the cart.
My cart doesn't load.
My cart's empty and all that other stuff.
So I was just hitting the wall and I was like, why is Amazon up?
Why is Amazon up?
Then I see that tweet from Wario go up that says it's up on Amazon.
But instead of clicking the link, I went and I wasn't doing it to be a bitch and go around
the referral.
I was doing it because I didn't know what that was going to link to.
And I wanted to make sure it was everything.
I wanted to make sure it was the right vendor.
So I searched Xbox Series X and I did confirm it was a Series X.
Yes, I heard the stories about the 1Xs that went up and sailed, but it was a Series X.
And I went in and I preordered it and I got it.
And then I heard the link's not working, all this other stuff.
Like people were complaining about the links.
I think what happened.
I think to get around bots or to get around the site getting hammered, I think Amazon
was cycling those links or killing those links like every 60 seconds.
I really think that's what they were doing.
So I think searching for it by hand allowed me to get in there pretty early and problem
free.
However, like many of you about a week later, no, not a week later, but a few days later,
I got that email from Amazon.
We're sorry to inform you that because of the demand of this item, you may not get it
on the day, but everybody got that email for the Xbox and everybody got that email
for the PlayStation 5.
I don't know why it's so fucking difficult for these stores to handle this, especially
in the PlayStation 5.
I get it because it was, you know, all the oxygen free free for all.
But in the Microsoft side, everybody knew when this was coming.
And so it's a little difficult and it's a little disappointing to see that the sites
still could not handle it.
Concert tickets seem to work, but we might have to look at getting another system or
something to preorder because this is getting really annoying.
I don't know.
I would have thought that Sony doing it the way they were doing it where you would sign
up to do a preorder.
I thought that was going to work, but Sony was completely unclear and not transparent
on who got invited to do it and when they made it sound like only Sony elite were going
to be able to do it.
And so that was kind of stupid.
So I really wish other retailers might adopt a similar strategy where you sign up in advance
and you have to have either like you've you've to F-age your to F-age your phone number.
You have to have an existing account where you've bought at least one item on the site
somewhere or something that would make it a lot harder for bots and scalpers to get
in there.
I don't know.
Some other stories in chat.
Black Compat says it took me an hour to check out my cart on the Microsoft store site.
I had a Series X in my cart at 1106 Eastern completed the process finally shortly after
noon my time.
That's probably around the time I finally got through or I got through on Amazon.
I heard the Microsoft store itself was having some problems.
So that all was kind of an unfortunate experience.
I don't know what to say about it.
As far as my own Xbox, whatever at this point, if I get one launch day, cool.
If I have to wait a few more weeks, whatever, you know.
Worst case scenario, I walk into a store and I buy one there and then I just cancel the
Amazon preorder.
At least they don't charge you till they actually ship it.
It's kind of one of those things where it's like, sure, I'd like to have it on day one,
but maybe the events of this year have just put a lot of things into perspective where
it's like, some things are more important and if I don't have an Xbox Series X the very
first day, I will be able to go on with my life.
I was just looking for also the accessories and stuff because I'm like, okay, cool.
Got the preorder.
What's going to be a launch day game?
I don't know.
I don't know what's launching.
I don't know what the launch games are.
I don't even know where can I get another controller?
Where is all this stuff?
Because none of it was on their websites.
So I guess I'll just have to wait and find that out, but like, I don't even know what.
Game pass.
Game pass will just be where my day one stuff comes from.
And again, the enhanced backwards compatibility stuff that they're promising will make older.
I'm really excited to start No Man's Sky again on Xbox Series X because I don't see how it's
not going to really run at like a PC equivalent on the Series X.
And I don't know what type of things the developers are doing to bump that up, but I would imagine
it's going to run very well on the eventual PlayStation 5 release, however they do that,
and Xbox Series X.
And that is kind of nice, especially after these stories about Spider-Man, you have to
pay again.
It is nice to know that on Xbox Series X and Game Pass, I'll be able to play No Man's Sky
in sweet, sweet 4K that first day.
I guess I'll have my cross-play stuff that I completely forgot about because I have it
on PC, like Crackdown 3 and Forza Horizon 4, and I'm sure there's other things when
I still had Xbox Live Gold that I was adding stuff in, so who knows?
It'll be a surprise.
Yeah, and I talked about this when I talked about getting an Xbox versus a PlayStation.
I feel like PlayStation, okay, they have Spider-Man Miles Morales and they have the Demon's Souls
remake, neither of which are games I'm that...
I'm like, okay, I'll check them out eventually, but do I need them day one?
Nah.
So I'm going to instead address the discrepancy at home that I have a PS4 Pro, but an old
Xbox One, so I'm going to bring up Microsoft and at some point I'll catch PlayStation up
as well next year.
I just don't need to spend $1,000 on consoles and a new TV on top of that because I don't
have a 4K TV, but I got to fix that too.
So something's got to wait for next year, and so it's going to be the PlayStation 5.
Yeah, I need to get a 4K monitor.
Yeah.
All right.
Now let's travel back to simpler times.
Let's go back to the past.
We're going to go back to a simple time when games, you know, you didn't have to have a
4K TV to play them on.
You played them on your CRT television in glorious 320 pixel resolution, and you liked
it.
It's the classic game of the week, and usually...
240, I mean.
Was it 240?
I thought it was like 320.
It's 240p.
I guess it depends on what system it was.
Anyhow, Dark Sakura would usually be here and step into the gaming vault and find a
game that she thinks, hey, you brats should be checking this game out, but she is off
tonight for Yom Kippur.
She's not here with the show.
She'll be back next week.
So I have decided to fill in with a choice here, and I feel like this is one Loki might
approve of.
I don't know.
We'll find out, but I have chosen a game that probably was most famous on the NES, and that's
where the B-roll footage comes from tonight, but it was also very popular on Commodore
64 and a lot of other 80s and late 80s types of computing systems.
The classic game of the week tonight is Skate or Die.
That's right.
Skate or Die.
Did you like this game, Loki?
Yeah, I used to play with my friend down the street all the time.
He had it on the NES.
Why did this guy in Skate or Die look like Rodney Dangerfield?
I never understood that.
Was it...
I mean, and he was called Rodney.
That's the creator of the game, I think.
No, it's not.
No.
I think...
Rodney Dangerfield didn't make Skate or Die, Loki.
No, I understand that.
I thought that the guy that made it was...
I don't know, maybe I'm wrong.
No, but his name is actually Rodney Recluse, so he even has the same name, except he has
a tattoo and purple hair and stuff.
His son, Bionic Lester, that might have...
Bionic Lester might be the developer, I don't know.
But the other guy is Rodney Dangerfield, and I never really understood why.
Nobody's ever really explained this to me.
All right, anyway.
Tigerclaw in chat says maybe they were Rodney Dangerfield fans at the time.
Still, maybe it was easier to steal people's likenesses in the 80s than it is today.
Yes, probably.
Just like, I don't know.
Who are we gonna make this guy look like?
Rodney Dangerfield.
I don't know.
Anyway.
All right, so this game was released by Electronic Arts, and it was released on the ZX Spectrum,
Commodore 64, Atari ST, the Apple II, GS, the Amstrad, and IBM's under MS-DOS.
It was also on the NES by Konami, but of course, published by Ultra Games, which was
how they got around the three games a year limitation in the US.
Codemasters ended up handling the Atari version.
Now, what's interesting about this game, it's kind of inspired by, even though it wasn't
made by Epyx, it was kind of in the style of the Epyx summer games, winter games, California
games.
You know all those games that Epyx did back in the day, right?
This is kind of that, okay?
But it's all skating.
I mean, obviously, I think Half-Pipe was one of the games in California games.
But they kind of made their own version of one of those types of games, and that's what
Skate or Die essentially is.
It's a minigame collection.
Wii Sports was a minigame collection.
You know, a lot of times with the sports games, these minigames collections do pretty good.
So the original version was the Commodore 64 version.
There were three programmers that made that, okay?
They were previously with Epyx, so that's why, you know, you can say it was inspired
by those types of games, and those were the games that they had worked on.
This game was inspired by 720, which I believe Jamie's covered on this show before.
If not, we've certainly talked about it, which y'all know that as the popular coin-op skateboarding
game that Atari made that ran off the same hardware that like Indiana Jones and Final
Lap or whatever their racing game was called, all that ran off the same hardware.
There were several events, freestyle ramp event, high jump, there were downhill events,
the downhill race and a downhill jam, and then there was a pool joust, or an empty pool
you would kind of skate and try to knock another person over.
That was kind of interesting.
So yeah, the game did pretty well.
It was known for its intro music.
Again, the original version was the Commodore 64 version, and that was composed by Rob Hubbard,
and it had a very Commodore 64 SID chip sound to it.
It actually was redone by Kuji Murata for the NES version.
So the NES intro is that same Commodore 64 intro just redone for the NES chip sound set,
which I think is kind of interesting.
So it sold over 100,000 copies, which isn't too shabby for a video game in that era.
And there were some follow-ups to this as well.
There was Ski or Die, did you ever play Ski or Die?
No, but I've heard of it.
I think I did play the sequel though.
It was very similar.
And then there was also Skate or Die 2, but Skate or Die 2 was only on the NES, and that
was in 1990.
So Skate or Die 2 also kind of wasn't the same like mini game format that the other
games were.
But Rodney and Lester were back, so there is that.
Supposedly Criterion Games, the same folks that made Burnout, supposedly they were remaking
Skate or Die during the PlayStation 2 and Xbox One era, but the game was canceled.
The good news is though, that's how we got Burnout 3.
So the Skate or Die remake was in development for 12 months, and then they canceled it.
So I'd be curious to see if there's a tell-all about that or something that leaks some of
the footage from that or what have you someday.
So there you go, that's your classic game of the week, Skate or Die.
And when it comes to myself and Skate or Die, I will probably just have to die because I'm
a terrible skater.
What about you, Loki, were you ever a skateboarder?
No, I tried, but nah, it was more skating.
I could only really skate in video games, that's for sure.
Some comments from our chat, Dark Tetsuya says Skate or Die 2 did have the halfpipe
stuff though, let's see, Dark Tetsuya says I think the joust music might be my favorite
theme in this.
Bionic Lester was unbeatable though, well in the little video clip that we pull off
YouTube, somebody was getting him, so there was that.
Sean 322 talking about Rodney Dangerfield kind of being in the game says, maybe the
game got no respect.
Well it sold 100, I think it got a lot of respect, but I appreciate your pun, so there
is that.
So yeah, some comments there from our chat on Skate or Die, the classic game of the week.
Alright, let's get into some fast news, some rapid fire news, which I think has a story
in here.
Because I brought up Ultra Games, some of you guys are asking about a certain news topic,
and I think we're going to get into it here shortly.
So Loki, rapid fire news tonight.
Yeah, so there was a game that I grew up with on the Windows, I think it was 3-1 maybe,
but it was an old game called Chips Challenge, and it was a puzzle game that they had in,
I can't remember, it was like the Windows party pack or some sort of pack that had little
games in there.
Chips Challenge has actually now been released for free on Steam, so you can go check it
out for free now and play the wonderful, it looks like it's slightly updated, but the
game from the 90s.
And yeah, it's pretty awesome, so go check it out.
I always crack up at stories about Chips Challenge because I know the guy who made it.
We play games together, I've been to his house, Chuck, I gotta get him on OLR at some point.
He's under Chuck's Challenge.
I know, yeah, he's talked to me about some of the things, because he knows I do this
show and everything, he's talked to me about some of the stuff his game has been through,
and he doesn't really do, as my understanding anyway, and I'll invite him on the show at
some point so he can speak for himself, obviously COVID is the thing right now, we could get
him virtually, but I'd rather have him here in studio at some point, but he might still
be doing some, I mean like you said, Chuck's Challenge and stuff, he does a lot of stuff
that's really cool with lights, and so he's created stuff for Ingress where, you know
that tunnel in San Jose that changes from green to blue depending on what team owns
it in Ingress?
He had something to do with that, and he made a cool little light-up portal that travels
to different events and stuff, so it's pretty cool.
He's a very talented guy, and one of the legendary game makers from back in the day that many
of today's games were built on, so it's just like, it's my one little like, oh that guy,
I know that guy, so cool, well congrats to him and all the attention this game is getting,
like you said, many people in the Windows 3.1 era grew up on this game and know this
game very well.
Yeah, so pretty cool, and then to go along with that, there's some more games coming
to PC, some classic Metal Gear games are coming to good ol' games, and this is part of the
Konami Collector series, so they're gonna have actually three Metal Gear games, so Metal
Gear, Metal Gear Solid, and Metal Gear Solid 2 are all gonna be available on PC, so not
bad, and of course, you know, I'd have to check out to see what they've done with those
and see how those ports are, but yeah, pretty cool.
I might have to check it out, like the fact that it's the MSX version of the game, which
they already had done for like a PlayStation, yeah, for a previous collection on PlayStation,
but the fact that that's coming out on PC, that's awesome. Now the Contra port, that
was all on Game Pass, the Contra stuff, and that was all on Game Pass back in the day,
and they're okay, but like the Metal Gear thing is the most exciting out of that bunch
for sure.
Yeah.
Yeah. All right. Moving on and talking about some other quick news here, news out of Tokyo
Game Show with Nier Replicant, which is like a redoing of the first game, which was just
called Nier here in the US, but this is kind of like that extra version that changes the
character to ones that we kind of know more from Nier Automata, but anyway, Nier Replicant
is going to be launching all over the world on April 23rd, 2021. I'm sorry, North America
and Europe is the launch days for that, April 23rd, 2021. PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC
via Steam. The full title of the game is Nier Replicant version 1.22474487139. I don't know
what the full title means, but there you go. It is of course the alternate edition of the
original 2010 Nier. So that's pretty cool. I'll have to check that out because I love
Nier Automata. I need to finish it still. I know there's going to be, I'm going to get
an email. Did you ever finish Nier Automata? Isn't it great? And I'm like, oh, I got distracted
by other games. Sorry. Happens all the time. All right. And then we have news about Mortal
Combat 11. Apparently some data mining has showed that there is alternate voice acting
in the game and get this, it's from the nineties movies actors. Now we all know that Shang
Soon, they already did that, right? But apparently this new dialogue that was data mined out
of the game is Christopher Lambert is in it. That's awesome. Who played Raiden in the movie?
Remember that? Was it actually just like clips from the movie or was it new recordings? And
Linda Ashby, who played Johnny Cage and Bridgette Wilson, who's now Bridgette Wilson Sampras,
who played Sonia is also there. So I don't know if that's going to be DLC or what, but
we can say the YouTube that had all the clips got taken down. So by Warner Brothers. So
where there's smoke, there's Scorpion. So we'll see what comes to that. Honestly, if
I get to replace Ronda Rousey in Mortal Combat 11, I think that's a great thing. So that's
cool that they got Bridgette Wilson to do that. So, and you know what? Yeah. As cheese
balls, that nineties movie is like, I think it just means a lot to a certain generation,
like a lot of us grew up with that. And so it's really cool to have those actors and actresses
back. Maybe it'd be like the 25th anniversary or something. I was just trying to see when the
movie came out, but this is back in August. So I thought maybe they would do something,
you know, Halloween's right around the corner. Maybe they're going to do something with that.
Maybe they'll find some way to charge us more for it. All right, let's travel around the world and
check out some game releases coming out soon with some world release dates. Loki, what's coming out
in the US this week? So this week we've got Genshin Impact on PC, PlayStation 4, iOS, and Android.
Hanser Dragoon remake on PlayStation 4. Return one-way trip on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
and Xbox One. Spelunky 2 is coming on PC this week. Umahara Kawase Bazuka on Nintendo Switch
and PlayStation 4. Warsaw on PlayStation 4. And I think maybe Shantae is also coming out this
week as well on Nintendo Switch. Super Mario Brothers 35 is coming out this week on the Switch.
We've also got Warsaw on the Switch as well. Crash Bandicoot 4, it's about time,
on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. And Star Wars Squadrons on the PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
I didn't realize that was that soon. Yeah, I didn't realize it was November. Yeah, I didn't
realize it was that soon either. All right, let's travel to Japan and check out some releases out
there this week. So this week we have a few things. We have, um, sorry I got thrown off
because there's some releases showing on September 30th, but it's all hardware. So I think the game
releases, it doesn't look like we actually have any on Nintendo Switch this week. Okay, we do have
some on PlayStation 4. We have Star Wars Squadron is also out in Japan this week and Crash Bandicoot
4 is out in Japan also on October 2nd. And Ys Origin also has a release this week on the
PlayStation 4 this week. So a fairly quiet week in Japan, although all of those titles are pretty big
deals. So I guess it's not that quiet. Dark Sakura is not here to cover the UK tonight,
but possibly Loki can get us those dates in her absence. Yep, so we also have Untitled Goose Game
coming out on PlayStation 4 and Switch. I believe that's the physical version of that. Let's Sing
Queen coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Switch. Human Fall Flat on PlayStation 4, Xbox One
and Switch. That's the anniversary edition. Crash Bandicoot 4 It's About Time on PlayStation 4 and
Xbox One. Star Wars Squadrons on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Warborn on PlayStation 4
and on the Switch. And then we've got also Distrust Collector's Edition on Nintendo Switch.
And that's it. All right, let's get into some more news then before we get to the listener
roundtable tonight. So Loki. Yes, so Sega is looking to make Yakuza into a movie.
So that sounds pretty awesome. Apparently they're working to develop an adaptation with
1212 Entertainment and Wild Sheep content. And apparently they're also looking for script writers
as well. So very early into the whole process. But I think that would make a very interesting
movie. My dumb ass was about to say, has Sega ever gotten into films before and then forgetting,
oh, yeah, like the last major release before all this happened was the Sonic film? No, they haven't
done anything. Did they ever confirm a sequel for Sonic? They had to have, right? No. Yes, they are,
yeah. Got it. I haven't even dated it, but I don't remember exactly when it was. But I'm pretty sure
it was probably like 2022 or something. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, dammit, the Sonic film
reappears on VOG. Look, actually it's this weird dystopian thing right now because there are movie
theaters out there, especially here in California that have been closed since March. So you go and
you look like what posters are hanging up and it's still like Sonic. Sonic. Because that was the
movie that was out when all this bullshit started happening. So there are other movies too, but
it's weird. It's scheduled for April 8th, 2022 right now. But assuming they can, well, I mean,
I guess movies are shooting again with COVID and all that stuff. They have guidelines. Was it
Avatar 2 converted to 100% wrapped now? So that's coming out at some point. In these crazy times,
they were able to finish that? Apparently.
Wow. Let's see.
Not many years it's going to take to CG animate everything. That's the whole problem.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, our theaters reopened here. They're only showing like three
films. And they're starting to slowly open again here in California, depending on your county.
Because you mentioned Loki last week. You went and saw Tenet. You had to drive up to El Dorado,
which is in a different county because they have this interesting system that's like a
four-tier system. So it's like, if you still have high COVID numbers, you're in the purple
tier and a lot of stuff is still really stupid because it's like, oh yeah, those are like
borders. No one can possibly go from one county to the other. It's dumb.
As long as folks are still taking precautions, it's when people just say, oh, COVID's not real
and don't bother with any precautions at all. That's when like Florida's about to do. Sorry.
I don't mean to like get political, but it's science isn't political. That's all I'm going
to say. And so, you know, it's kind of scary in that area. What's that where they're just like,
ah, it's not just everything. Drive-ins. Drive-in theaters are like ever more
popular. Yeah. Was there Rocky Horror? I was just, so I might be saying too much,
but they were trying to see if we could pull off a live Rocky Horror,
but they didn't, we didn't have enough notice to do it. And the social distancing makes it very
hard to do Rocky live. So for this, cause they're doing it at the drive-in like next week or no,
I think it was yesterday. Cause that's how they wanted to turn it around real fast.
Um, but they are looking into it for October. I hope I'm not saying too much. Um, but they're
looking into see if they could do the performance in October. I don't know how they would compensate
for social distancing and all that though. I think they were talking about a system where
instead of the characters all interacting, like each character would be in a little place on the
stage and they would kind of do their emotions and acting in that place on the stage. It would
be a little weird, but that's how they could do it safely or I just per guidelines. So,
um, yep. All right. Anyhow, uh, let's move on and talk about Kirby fighters too.
Kirby fighters too. Surprise. It just came out and I don't know if Nintendo was kind of forced
to do it because they kind of spilled it themselves. Uh, it leaked on one of their well
leaked, but it showed up on one of their websites as like a game basically. And so Nintendo confirmed
it. So they confirmed in a tweet, a brand new Kirby game is available now. Kirby fighters two
is $20. It's a Kirby versus Kirby versus Kirby game. It's, it's kind of like smash brothers,
light sorta. I'm really oversimplifying it, but what would you expect a game like Kirby
fighters to be when Kirby is a character in smash brothers? Um, but that is something you can check
out and there's all sorts of, uh, different Kirby hat fighters and DDD and all that good stuff.
I have not played the game myself yet. I'd have to ask at depth how it is. Um, but, uh,
if you're wondering where was Kirby fighters one, it was part of Kirby triple deluxe, which was,
uh, a 3ds game they put out in 2014. Um, and then I believe they put a standalone version of that
out on switch. Not that long ago. Um, maybe about a year ago, uh, times feels kind of frozen right
now, uh, ever since March, but I think it was probably a little over a year ago that
Kirby fighter game was out on the switch. So, um, and active says, no, I haven't gotten it yet.
Shock. Wow. All right. Anyway, uh, let's move on. All right. Loki. Uh, so
Nintendo has, uh, sent a DMCA notice against peaches untold tales. Now you may have not
heard of this game. It is a triple X parody game featuring princess peach and doing I'm, I'm sure
completely wholesome things. Uh, but so they have basically taken it down off of GitHub.
Of course, it's the internet and being that it's been on the internet for several years already
before they, I don't even know why they just took it down now, but I'm sure you can find it out
there. And it's just, it's all the things you would think it would possibly be. It's something
only the internet could have done. Yes. Yes it is. It's really stupid. It is weird though that
it existed for so long. And then just now Nintendo is getting around to taking it down.
Although couldn't you argue that some of it is parody, but I guess the whole thing is parody,
but they're saying that it's a little too close to home. Maybe they're saying that it's too similar.
It copyrights that fringes on copyrights from a super Mario maker to Mario parts of Mario Galaxy
and smash brothers. I, I guess like probably because it's saying it's like Mario and princess
peach and stuff like that. Maybe they're saying that it's that's, what's the problem. If they
were just like, it's mushroom princess and, you know, they just changed the name, Italian plumber.
Yeah. Kind of like how they do like green Mario green, green Mario.
So, uh, yeah. All right. It's been taken down. So obviously you can't find it on the internet.
Yeah. You know what though? It's fine. Unlike a lot of the types of stories we talk about with
that. I, I have zero interest in this garbage, whatever. I'm just surprised that, yeah, it
didn't, it didn't get away. Cause like, you know, you have pornos that come out that are like
parodies of, uh, like the Lord of the cock ring or whatever, you know, that you get like, I don't
even know if that's a real thing. I assume it is. Uh, you get these parodies of, of TVs and movies
all the time and porn. So it seems logical that it would happen in video games as well, but yeah,
probably usually when they do the parodies of porn, they change all the names. Right.
Um, even when it's real people, uh, like I remember, um,
there was, um, what was it? Nail and Palin. You remember when, when Sarah Palin was everywhere,
she was the VP nominee. And of course, you know, they, but they like would change the name.
So it was like, you know, Susie or something. One of the stars actually looked very similar
to her. So they made a ton of movies. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, my, then they usually change,
but this parody, yeah. Like you said, they should have changed, uh, Mario and peach to different,
you know, things, which considering there's a peach emoji that represents. All right. You know
what? Nevermind. We're not going to continue this conversation. All right. Moving on. Let's,
let's instead talk about something that I'm actually, I'm fucking sick of talking about
this and I didn't really want to bring this up again tonight. I'm going to like one more time,
but I'm not talking about this again. Of course, somebody is going to quote me on this. It's the
same. That's going to come back to haunt me. I'm not talking about this again until we fucking get
a confirmation on this. And it's the mass effect trilogy again, because another retailer has leaked
it again. And this is a Czechoslovakian retailer. Herne Savitt. I'm probably saying that completely
wrong. Sorry. Um, I bet it's more like that. Anyway. Uh, it is a, uh, October 15th release
on their systems, which that is way too soon. I don't, unless it's a digital only thing,
but then why would a retailer be taking orders for it? So it doesn't, it doesn't make any sense.
Um, but they have cover art. Now GameStop makes up their own cover art sometimes, but it does,
I mean, this is what the cover art I would expect could look like. It's just a picture of
male shepherd. Uh, unfortunately for those that believe fem chef, maybe on the backside is fem
chef. That would be the way to do it. Have a one shepherd on one side and one on the other. It's
like when you or, uh, you could take the cover and flip it. That would be a great way to do it too.
I think mass effect three really was like that. Um, but anyway, it does have cover art and, uh,
it's happening now. There's this story and there was another one and I forget what blog ran it.
I'm sorry, but it spilled a lot more details and it was basically like,
yes, it's happening. And the reason why it's held up, they took the multiplayer out for mass
effect three. They're not looking at which. So I was a little disappointed to hear that,
but I get it, but they are trying to quote unquote fix mass effect one and the mass effect
one development is the holdup. And they're not saying what they are fixing in that, but I could
theorize as somebody who really enjoys that game, the graphics are a bit dated compared to the other
two games. They probably have to catch that up. And those Mako driving sequences were horrific.
So they're probably either changing that system completely or making that a little more bearable.
Um, so those are some things they kind of need to fix in mass effect one
to because, you know, people are going to want to play these games in order. If they pick up
this collection and they're not going to get to two and three, if one, some will argue with me,
I tweeted about this and I even got responses that were like, well, Rob wants the best game.
And it's like, okay, look, but the game elements, I don't think are with, I don't think they're
going to change combat. They might though, I guess we'll see, but I really don't think
the types of changes they're making are going to ruin, you know, whatever you feel
like about mass effect one. So anyway, there you go. That was the other big piece is that,
you know, that we get news from the inside or whatever. However, the news is leaking because
it just constantly leaks because EA won't confirm it for whatever fucking reason. But anyway,
the news that multiplayer is out and a mass effect one redo of sorts is in, which is what
a lot of people were probably theorizing anyway. At this point, I would guess that it's going to
end up being a November 7th thing, but I, for one, am not going to talk about this shit anymore
until they confirm it. I'm done. If Jamie brings it up, that's on her. She's not here. So maybe
she's still got one more inner, but I'm not bringing this up anymore. All right. Anyway,
that's it. You want to talk about the mass effect trilogy?
I have played like a little bit of one and that's it. So.
Well, what, what was it you didn't, why didn't you play more of one?
I don't know. I just didn't like it because my, my coworker loaned it to me and I was like,
oh yeah, I'll totally check it out. Cause it sounded really cool. I just, I didn't like it.
I don't know. I didn't quite get into it. Well, and maybe some of these changes will be a good
thing for you. And I'm going to open up the listener round table. If you guys have some
questions in chat or something you want to talk about, go ahead and ask away in chat.
Phoenix 7726. Sorry guys. Phoenix 7726 in chat says two had the best story. Three had the best
combat. One was still solid. In my opinion, I'm not saying one is a bad game by any means. It's
just one is not at the same level, like graphically and engine wise that two and three were at.
And so I do think there is a disconnect, but I, I, if there's one thing they're not going to change
in one, it's the story. They're not going to change the story. Well, let me, I'm gonna take
those words back because I really loved the idea that maybe they would put back in some of the
romance options they cut the first time. Like maybe they would allow Kayden to be romanceable
by M Shep in the first game. And maybe, and why, why stop there? Why not maybe have some other
romances that show up later on end up in the first game? I don't know what else they might have cut
or things like that, but it would be kind of cool to see that stuff restored. But I am talking about
additional content. I'm not talking about taking anything away or something that would fundamentally
change the core of that story. So, but you know, whatever changes they make, they're not going to
change the story of one. And I think that's very important. All right. We will get into last minute
stories in a moment, but I have at least one round table question here coming from no one special.
Who says, okay, granted, as far as I know, I'm the only one here that is a heavy GOG user,
but hypothetically, if you all were as well, and given that Konami is now listing games on GOG
and Sega's Panzer Dragoon is there too, is there any publishers or games that you would
like to see on the service? Yes. And actually I, one reason I'm not a heavier user of GOG is that
it feels like lately they're just kind of playing a lot of catch up to what, you know, Steam and
everybody else in the space is doing. What made GOG interesting was GOG. And they got away from
that at some point, which I, and I get it, you know, and I'm sure somebody is about to clap
back and chat that, well, once they kind of exhausted all of the retro things, they could
get their hands on. And so the only way they could stay competitive was to be more like Steam. Well,
my response to that is okay, but this is the first time that GOG has done something that's really
made me turn my head in quite some time is that story we just talked about earlier tonight,
that now Konami is putting out the MSX version of Metal Gear, the superior version of Metal Gear
that most people here in the US never played because the NES version, although it's not bad,
especially when it's all you ever knew, it is subpar compared to the MSX version. So the fact
that GOG has dug that up, I mean, yes, it was from the Metal Gear Solid 3 PlayStation thing, whatever
they did out there, but the fact that they've brought that to PC and brought that to the
forefront, here's a way to get it now today without having to find a game that was on sale
10 years ago and all that stuff, that is very interesting and something I will probably return
to GOG to look at. So that's my answer, my very long-winded answer to your question, Owen Special,
is that what makes GOG interesting is GOG. It's in the name and there are plenty of older games
they could still go back and try to get on their service. And it's nice to see that with this
Konami thing, they haven't necessarily stopped that. Now, I don't know who initiated that
conversation. Was it Konami? Was it GOG? I don't know, but this is a good direction. More, please.
So that's my answer to that. What about you, Loki?
I didn't use them much other than some of the free games that I've gotten from them.
I know that they have that cool launcher that came out a while back that's supposed to bring your
Epic Game Store and Steam library all together. But I don't know, it's just fine just loading each
of those up separately. So I don't really need it. But yeah, I don't know. There's not really
anything drawing to them more than the other platforms. Maybe they have humble
bottles or something with their keys in there or something. I don't know.
No One Special follows up and says, for me, what draws me to that site is that the games are DRM
free. I have the peace of mind that if GOG goes away, if I downloaded the installers, I won't lose
my game. There's no guarantee that Valve would hit the turn off the DRM button if they go out of
business. I think it's in the terms that you accept, actually. I think legally Valve has to hit that
button. But let's say, I'm going to humor your argument here, let's say that button doesn't get
hit for whatever reason. Publishers could still find a way to turn it off for you.
Not that everybody would do it, but a bunch would. But I get it. I'm not trying to like
debate your point, really, because you like what you like. And that's,
go, go, go ahead. Like it's good. The competition in the space is a good thing. And if that's where
you like to shop, excellent. Like I like to shop at Target. I really don't like going to Walmart.
There's people that feel the exact opposite that I do. Choice is cool. And it's fine. There's not
necessarily a right or a wrong answer. It kind of just depends on how you were treated or whatever
at one place versus another. But yeah, GOG will continue to grab my attention when they release
really cool older games. Like that Myst VR thing. Did that ever come up on the show? I don't remember
if we talked about that last week or the week before. Yeah, I think we brought it up last week
that it was coming out. It's kind of a neat little thing. Now, what about Uru Myst Online?
Did that ever come back somewhere? Did they ever get that running again? I don't know. But was it
Minecraft VR came out this week as well. Oh yeah. I need to hook up my headset and get that going
again. Yeah, so that was cool. Yeah. ActDeft in chat with another Roundtable question here
who asks, with more games adopting cross-play, which game that right now doesn't have it,
would you like to see adopted? Oh, I don't think there's a lot of games I play a ton of.
I'm stuck because the games I play the most right now, this week, Final Fantasy and No Man's Sky,
both already have it. I'm trying to think of something that would be really cool.
I don't know, Loki. I'm stumped. Is there something for you? What about you guys?
I don't play a lot of multiplayer games, so I can't really think of anything.
Bobby has a good answer. Fall Guys. I forget that that doesn't have it. That's a very good answer.
I'm going to copy and steal that answer. Fall Guys is a good one for that. I keep forgetting
it doesn't have that. I'm also waiting for Fall Guys on the Switch. It seems like the definitive
thing Nintendo needs to have on that system. Well, that was part of that leak, or leaked,
if you will, directing this. A bunch of fan wank, but yeah, I don't know. My uncle said,
Overwatch is a good one too. Oh, Diablo III on the Blizzard front. I'd love to see Diablo III.
I hope Diablo IV is cross-play. Diablo III is sunsetting at this point as Diablo IV is getting
more and more. You had me there, no one special 77 with the SNL fighters until it was a typo.
That would be an interesting fighting game. The fighting games. I thought some of the fighting
games were cross-play. I guess not Street Fighter though. I thought Mortal Kombat did have some
cross-play in it. I guess I could be wrong. Orange Riot with a very good comment here.
If a leak gives you everything you wanted, it's probably fake. That's very, very good advice.
And that was probably the thing I read in there where it was like, Fall Guys today on the Switch,
where I was like, nah, it's fake. Come on. Okay, active says Street Fighter is cross-play between
PC and PS4. And it's, I think, still free for a few more days on PlayStation Plus. I did check
that out. I downloaded it. I don't think I brought it up during my gaming week because
I didn't play it a lot. And this is more last week than this week, but that is something that
you can get on PlayStation Plus right now. All right, how about some last minute stories,
Loki? Let's see if we get any other last questions in chat. But for now, some last minute stories.
So we're going to probably have a little bit more about this next week, but Minecraft Live
is on Saturday and they're doing their vote for the new mob for the game. So I'm a little
disappointed at what they've shown off so far. So two of the mobs that they're putting up for
vote are already mobs there in Minecraft Earth, which, and they're kind of lame anyways. So the
Moobloom, which is basically a cross between, it's like a mushroom, but with flowers instead
of mushrooms. And then they have a Glow Squid, which is a squid, but it glows. And then the
Ice Oliger, which is a new villager type mob, but they just added a bunch of those in like
that village and pillage one. It's not as cool as like the Phantoms. I don't know if the Phantom
was really cool, but like I was hoping they'd be better stuff. They should just add all of them.
Like seriously, I had a mod in my realm already that added the Moobloom and the Glow Squid. I
don't know. It's not that hard to implement that stuff. I don't know why they don't just do all
three, but whatever. Maybe something to add content for some time. People excited about
stuff. So it's, but they're going to do, it's basically in place of the whole Minecon thing
since obviously COVID. But so you're going to do the Minecraft live, which I believe is on,
I know it's Saturday at 9 AM Pacific and whatever that translates to for everybody else.
So I will watch all that and it's going to have like details about Minecraft Earth,
their Minecraft Dungeons, which I still haven't played even though I have it.
And then of course Minecraft proper. So we'll see.
All right. Anything else for last minute stories?
No, I think that's it.
All right. And I don't think I see any other questions in our chat. So I think we'll go
ahead and wrap up for tonight. I know it's a little bit earlier, but we're down a host
tonight and yeah. So it's just a little bit of a shorter show sometimes. Actually, no,
you're still over two hours, about two hours, 15 minutes. So still pretty good, pretty good
chunk of show. Because there was some busy, busy things this week with the whole Microsoft
big purchase there of ZeniMax as well as the Tokyo Game Show. Although I don't think Tokyo Game Show
was quite as news heavy as it was in previous years. And I think a lot of that is because
Sony just did that thing two weeks ago where they kind of put all their cards on the table.
I don't think Sony did Tokyo Game Show this year. Nintendo never does Tokyo Game Show,
but I feel like a lot of the big announcements were in Sony's PS5 event because that's not
usually the type of thing that would have been this close to Tokyo Game Show. That is the stuff
we should have got during E3 using my Cody fingers. But of course, COVID fucked everything
up. So it screwed up timeline. So I think it just made the Tokyo Game Show feel a little lighter
this year than it usually is. And just the whole situation of it being virtual and everything.
Yeah. So it was basically, I'm just kind of looking at a lot of it is stuff that was covered
in the directs that we've seen from Nintendo and like some of the other things. So they had,
it was pretty much just like a few of the Japanese games that were mentioned in the
directs. So like the new Hyrule Warriors game, they've got the new Monster Hunter,
new Replicant. They talked about that a little bit. Dynasty Warriors, Nine Empires,
Battle in Wonderland, Cyberpunk. They have that new video that wasn't quite related to
Tokyo Game Show, but that was also there. Resident Evil Village,
just The Devil May Cry 5, Biohazard, Infinite Darkness, which is a new series coming to Netflix.
Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. It's just a lot of follow-ups on things we already knew about,
which is still cool. And especially, you know, if you're following those games, but it was just
wasn't like a lot of like new, new information. So, but that's okay. You know, again, it's been
a weird news cycle this year. Everything's been weird this year. So, all right. Well, that is
about going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. I want to thank you guys for
spending time with us this week, whether you're here with us live on Sunday night, as we tape
here at VOG Network, or if you were listening on the podcast feed, we really appreciate it.
A nice five-star review of this show on iTunes or wherever it is that you found this show goes
an awful long way. If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or
two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has
a voice. But if the voices aren't here to put out on the air, then, you know, we're not really
getting all the voices. So, yeah. Help us tell a friend. Tweet about the show is a great thing.
Auto-hosting on Twitch is awesome. Even if you don't do a lot of streaming yourself,
still throwing a VOG Network. That auto-host does a lot for exposure. We really, really appreciate
people that go the extra mile and do that. I also wanted to say, if you want to continue
the conversation during the week, a lot of the chatter in Discord has been picking up lately,
and that's great. So, you can join us on Discord, vognetwork.com. That's vognetwork.com
Discord, where you can follow some conversations for ourselves here at Orange Lounge Radio,
Bobby Blackwolf, Anime Jam Session, other great shows on VOG as well. British Invaders,
I know, put out a couple big episodes recently about some big 50th anniversaries that are
happening. And yeah, lots of great stuff. So, check that out. And then, of course,
the VOG Roundtables and all that info is there as well. And folks, chat about some of the
We get a lot of headlines posted in Discord during the week that sometimes we do take
those and use them on the show and talk about those conversations. So, thanks to all you that
are participating over there. That's going to do it. I hope you guys have a great week, some happy
gaming. I know I'm probably going to play way too much more No Man's Sky and Hades and all
that stuff, but I'll try to fit in some new games too. Loki, hopefully you have a productive week
working on your game or playing some U.S., whatever you choose to do.
I'm still waiting. My music guy is having time management issues.
All right, that's fine.
So, thankfully, I have a backup music guy that's doing it for free. So, I'll have more music from
them. But like, yeah, I've already given him crap about that because he's like seven days past due.
Oh, all right. All right. Well, thanks again, everybody. We'll see you in seven days to do
this show all over again. Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you next time on Orange
Lounge Radio. Dark Sakura will be back next week and we'll get caught up with her and it will be
October. It'll be spooky season officially. Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you next time.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show,
tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye!
