It's a video tape! Put it in! Put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Boring!
This GDR Stops!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Miss Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
One...
One...
He's good.
Nested by that much.
That's Dr. Evil's cat.
How can you tell?
I never forget a pussy... cat.
Thirty-seven! My girlfriend sucks thirty-seven dicks!
In a row?
Shh! And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest thing to bite.
So you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!
Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a train.
Dark Sakura.
I hate nature! I just wish the world would explode and then I could take over hell.
Skye.
Do I look like the weather girl?
Everything alright?
Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 16 for October the 20th, 2002.
You're tuned in to the Bimani scene's most extreme radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts, for you who might know me as Sky.
DarkSakura, my lovely co-host, is stuck in a bit of traffic right now just outside of San Francisco.
She gave me a call about 6 o'clock, and she was stuck right before the bridge in San Francisco.
She, by the way, this weekend, went to YowieCon.
for those who don't know what yaoi is
i'm not gonna tell you
but uh... i actually know she actually made it to the convention i think she
ended up just going to japan town hanging out around there i think they
ended up to say about the convention and
i got around there but you know it's really funny
going on the same time as you know we can do that same hotel
the youth ministry church of christ yes thank you do not
and if you know what you know he is going to find a hilarious
uh... filling in for jamie tonight we have some guests here in studio please
say hello to the man with the perfect attendance record it is low-key hello
and of course almost with a perfect sentence record I think you're pretty
close say hello to Dave I think we have a couple more folks coming later to us
that'll be good I will be talking to everybody a bit later first we're gonna
take a quick break and we're gonna start it off with a song that I know has
become one of Loki's favorite songs now because he got to prove everybody right
on something we're gonna start this off with a song from 2d x8 style it's called
In the new Dance Dance Revolution Extreme, this is Revenge with Sakura here on Orange
the
the
the
the
the
Oh, yeah, and you don't stop.
Come on!
Can you listen to the truckshelves?
Yeah!
Stayin' treatin' to the game
Real love when I say your name
Bunch of ray, candlelight, wine and dine
Punch line, non-stop dedication
Rock the laces 24-7
It feels like heaven
Can you see the chemistry?
Words rise, melody, poetry
You know me
Hard time, long gone
Yeah!
Let's get it on!
What you did for me
I'm so grateful
You lifted what was low
Now I'm free!
you walked in take my time to drop the right line cause you so fine your shine now you mind it was
meant to be you feel it forever baby we are the dreams you end up in don't stop like jazz and hip
hop it makes your body and soul a future goal making dreams come true coming storm baby just me
Me and you, yeah, you know how we do it
Music
DJ Break the Beat time
Music
Here we go
Careful not to call her Careful not to hear
The same old country's wrong It's what the business is
Let's go Where would you sit now?
Let's go
And there's no one from this room Not among this land
So I know that the best thing is You won't be coming back
Without love, where would you be right now?
Without love
Never go to the place I'm from and it's
And I'm DJ and they start rockin' it
I live with no love
Where would you be right now?
Tears, if you want to get the hype up
I'm gonna let you see the rock up on the mic, yeah
And if it don't, everybody move on
Move on, move on, move on
Well, again, I know we're sensual
And the sun will dance the green
Let me focus in my mind
Cause I know they're running me
Without love
Where would you be right now?
Not at night now
Run.
We'll run.
We'll run.
Run.
Run.
We'll run.
We'll run.
It takes us deep, but then
I went for a run from now.
But it still felt so good and hard
for the five I've been through, baby.
Come on, girl.
We're gonna run.
We'll win this game right now.
We're gonna win this game right now.
We're gonna run.
Run.
We'll run.
K-P-A-L!
Remember you'll be right next to me!
Yeah! I'm a living cool mess, I'm so clean
Leave a running cold mess, serving, drinking a train
To the next station, on the dancehall
A rock of the nation
The sound, it's coming out now
For DJ, looking so loud
Dancin', I make the body laugh
Blooddrain, water in the wall top
Like a fist, I keep on turnin'
Like a fire, I keep on burnin'
I live, dance around in a place
Beach and Wife, the pretty f
the
the
the
the
the
.
.
.
.
.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song.
Orange Lounge Radio
We're going to have the ketchup song because we have the Macarena in the first one.
Oh, happy day.
My thoughts exactly.
I want to take a minute at the very top of the show here to recognize my other show that
I've been participating in for the last 20 months, undersedationalive.org.
And for those that didn't hear, the show came to an end, I believe two weeks ago was the
last show because Live 365 was off this past week and unfortunately there were some circumstances
that developed which caused our program to go off of air, but, you know, people sometimes
have to go off to pursue better opportunities, and that's what our main host of that show
had to do.
So I just wanted to give a big thanks to everybody involved with that program, understationlive.org,
for the past 20 months, it was a fun time, and without that background coming into this,
I don't think this show would exist.
So if you guys have a moment when you're not listening to Orange Lounge, go check out the
understationlive archives, they're still up and running, and who knows, Travis the main
host over there might be doing a big revival when he's over, he's out there in Texas, he
moved out to Texas, he might do something with some new co-hosts and I definitely would
support him in doing something like that. So, big thanks to everybody at understationlive.org.
Now back to Orange Lounge Radio, here we are, we're back from break last week, we were also
breaking last week, breaking what, I don't know. Oh, breaking all time low listening
records for our tape show, that's for sure. No, actually, it was fine. What did you think
of that show, Brad? It was interesting, wasn't it?
Did you hear the show? Yeah, I had to dump the whole tape and edit
it together. I heard the show. It was... We always tend to get a very mixed reaction
from the chat room when we do those tapes. That was the second time we taped a show in
advance. So that one was the one from Scandio?
That was the Scandio one we taped a couple weeks ago.
My opinion is the Golf Land one was better. Because you were on it, right?
no i was not you know you are on the call for a while
those that
uh...
no uh...
it was better because when the person when you went downstairs to play hip-hop
many that's true and the person was like what are you doing here that's real
project and that you know uh... teeth
keep the wonderful of our key technician over a scandia that's uh... who can
replace up to the exit style of week
sent to a channel b
can cooperate
uh...
He was totally cool what was going on so he knew nothing like that was gonna happen now
I should have staged something like that. That would've been good radio, huh? Getting something like that staged
Maybe I could have had Jamie, you know change her voice a little bit and come out going. Hey you guys
Yeah, gee
Speaking of Jamie if you missed the opening of the show, she's not gonna be with us tonight
Actually, we're not sure she might show up for the last half of the show, but she's on the road right now
She's come back from Frisco. She's gonna be going to the big yaoi con
You guys would appreciate this, I mentioned this at the top of the show, we got more people
that just joined us.
They would not appreciate it, yeah.
I don't know, but you'd appreciate this little sense of humor.
Would you, Irene, I think you'd be the best person here to explain to our listening audience
what exactly yaoi is.
Isn't it basically like, gay anime, like male gay anime with pretty boys?
Fair enough.
Oh, Loki wants to contribute something.
I thought it was gay anime porn, from what I've heard.
From what I understand, it's not really porn, it's all implied.
It's all like implied porn, you know?
I don't know how you imply porno, but just, like a, like a Skinimax film.
It's like a, it's like a gay Skinimax film, but it's animated in a Japanese style.
Huh?
I'm glad that I never heard of this before.
Anyway, so I don't even know if she made it to YowieCon.
I think they ended up just going to Frisco, but I did hear this joke from Tal, one of
our, he's been here, I guess, before.
his girlfriend, big yaoi fan. Big yaoi fan. And she was at the con and one of my friends
was dropping her off, mentioned that, oh yeah, at the yaoi con, on one side of the hotel,
they're doing the yaoi con, the other side of the hotel looks like they're doing the
Church of Christ Youth Ministry Convention. It's not a joke, this is for real.
Oh, you're serious? Yes, I'm serious. That was like the very first time I ever played
was at the Rocky Horror 25th Anniversary Convention.
Irene was there.
Irene was there.
Irene knows about this.
Okay.
I have to tell you about the actual convention the first day.
It was Rocky Horror picture in one door and right next door, the gun show.
The gun show.
With a bunch of hicks and they hated Asian people and I was so scared.
I was like, oh my God, I'm going to die.
It was a bunch of cart carrying NRA members mixed in with guys dressed in drag doing the
whole Frank-N-Furter thing.
If you've ever seen Rocky Horror, you know what I'm talking about.
If you haven't, you should.
It's fun.
where you been? Where you been? Wake up! Go outside! Stop playing DDR! Put the controller down!
You know one thing that Travis, the host over at understationlive.org recommended to me
was that
we should take, now that that show is going to be gone, we should take some of that and
bring it to
Orange Lounge and just get really random on that show. Because you know Under Station Live was supposed to be
a Rocky Horror show, and in the beginning it was. It was just like We Are With Bomani.
I was going to say, wasn't that show number two?
What?
Where it all turned to hell?
Oh yeah, I still got it.
Even show number one was kind of...
Remember when we had this...
You know it's funny that we're reminiscing about something that just happened three months
ago or...
Where are we?
Episode sixteen.
It was about four months ago.
Where we had those little headsets that sounded like shit.
I felt like I was back in the call center, taking calls, you know?
Thank you for calling, how may I direct your call?
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio!
It's kind of, I guess the word would be ironic that we're talking about how sooner or later we'll get off topic,
and while we're talking about this, we're getting off topic!
Ah, fuck DDR, it's old!
We had a topic?
Yeah, we have the donuts, Rob.
You have to go get them!
up to something we've been talking about for weeks and weeks on the show. If you go over
to http://www.cagames.com, that stands for Cryptic Illusion Games, they've released a
new home-brewed Dreamcast game. And if you have a Dreamcast and you've got a CD burner,
then you should burn this. This is the Feet of Fury, which is this new release of a DDR
simulator. I'm not sure if you want to call it a simulator, a clone. It's not an emulator.
I always get criticized on this because I call things emulators to be simulated. What would you categorize this as, Louis?
It's just another game that's similar to DDR. It's basically like Dance Match Mode from Disney's Rave, and it just so happens to support the DWI format, sort of, because it doesn't have tempo changes, you know, tempo stops, free zeroes, or, you know, 12th notes, so it's kind of, you know, third mix down.
It's basically DDR first mix type level. I mean, the simulator hasn't quite progressed,
you know, obviously, to that level of being on the same caliber as DDR Max. It's an early
beta release. They're not done with everything they wanted to do yet. So it's an early beta
that got released, but you can download this. It's got about, what, seven songs on it that
you can play, all by the same guy, I notice, but that'll probably change with future versions.
There's some decent stuff in there. I'm going to play one of the songs from PETA Fury a
little later. So some good stuff. It's just like Dance Magic, as you said. It's kind of
like Street Fighter meets DDR, if you can imagine that, because you've got your characters
that you pick and all this stuff. But I know everybody got a chance to test it for the
show. I was just kind of wondering what you guys thought. I'll start. I know it's an early
beta. I think it's an early beta. It's damn impressive. I mean, it's kind of like what
I'd call a DDR-first mix. As far as DDR goes, it's got a long way to go to catch up. But
I mean, it's still a first release, it's early, but it looks good.
I mean, a lot of Dreamcast's homebrew and stuff isn't that great, but Feed of Fury is
coming along very nicely.
I love the idea that it's going to support your own stuff, your own DWIs and things.
I kind of wish there was a mode that wasn't Dance Magic, like you could play in like a
normal mode, but I kind of think that all that stuff is coming.
They just want to get the initial stuff out the gate and then they'll kind of add on to
it.
All that freeze arrows and 12th notes, they'll probably come onto it later, but they've got
to get their basic engine established first.
They're smart.
Yeah.
Yeah, if they're smart they'll do that.
But I think if you got a Dreamcast and a Burner, there's no reason you shouldn't be going and
downloading this right now and playing it.
It's pretty cool.
Hold on.
Yes, Brad?
Okay, I understand it's a beta and all, and I guess this is a great start, there's some
possibilities and things with this, but who was the graphic designer on this thing, man?
I have no idea.
Some big Star Trek geek or something?
Because what are the arrows?
The arrows are the shape of...
Are they?
Is the arrow the shape of the normal arrows in DDR?
Well, that's the thing, is that you don't want to copy DDR because they're probably afraid of a lawsuit.
Well, you know what, though? That if you ever played True Kiss Destination DDR, those arrows look a hell of a lot like those arrows. I kind of noticed that.
Well, on the topic of those arrows, you know, it's nice to have different arrows, but you
can't tell the difference between, you know, the different notes.
Like fourth notes, you know, eighth, sixteenth, it's, I mean, they have a slight color change
to them, but otherwise they're just looking like these shiny Star Trek symbols.
Yeah.
Why don't we just make them big circles, all of them?
They can all be circles.
There you go.
And hopefully you tell them apart, they're different colors.
That would be easy to answer, so we can't do that.
No, but I think that as far as it goes, the actual playing quality, it's not that bad,
but the arrows, it's really weird, because one of the modifiers especially makes all
the arrows spin around in place, kind of like, I forget what it is on StepMania, do you know
what the...
Dizzy.
Dizzy mode, where all of them spin around while going up, even though they're in the
same column.
And with arrows that long, they kind of overlap, so you can't tell which note is which and
which...
Well, right, but I mean, it's not supposed to be easy.
Yeah, but it's not supposed to be impossible to read.
And also another thing I noticed is it's way too easy to get perfect.
That blink thing was the most annoying one, where like half the arrows would disappear
at a time, they'd fade in and out, you'd be able to see half of them, that was really
hard to see.
I didn't quite get how the gameplay of the game went. Of course, maybe that's my own
fault because I didn't read a manual, but hopefully they'll do a built-in tutorial later
on in the game.
Yeah, I don't think there's any story mode or anything. I mean, it didn't look like...
Well, I don't know. Like, they're having Puzzle Tetris or whatever it's called.
Puzzle Fighter?
No.
God.
What's a game?
God, shit.
Puzzle Bobble?
No, it's on Super Nintendo.
Bust a move?
Final Fantasy?
No.
Oh, God.
Oh god, my mouth plays a ton.
First Avalanche?
No, it might hurt.
No, I don't think...
You like Yoshi, Tetris, or Yoshi?
Ah, Yoshi's in heat?
No, dammit!
What is it?
Forget it!
Who cares?
Dammit!
So basically you pick a character and they have different modifiers that they attack with or whatever.
So as you're going along you have a little bar that's kind of in the middle and as soon as that builds up you can do one of two things.
Either you can set to auto where once it builds up all the way along you can unleash the attack.
Or you can set to manual to where when it builds up you can attack whenever with a modifier or something.
That's nice. What I like to do during that is just punch my neighbor, whoever's playing against me.
I when it when it fills up or not whenever just whenever I feel like it that works. It's more effective. I
Don't think they could hear you on the way it's it's for the best that they couldn't hear me
So yeah, that's pretty much what it is
Tetris attack
Yes
How'd that feel when I smashed the ichophone against your hand? You know, I said Tetris attack earlier
Or the uber awesome, and I'm sorry. Fuck all y'all, this game rules. Pokemon Puzzle League.
Boo!
Fuck you!
Oh, you mean Yoshi's Cookie?
No! I mean Pokemon Puzzle League. It was never released on Super Nintendo. It doesn't
exist. It was always Pokemon. I swear.
Yoshi's Cookie.
Yoshi's Cookie.
So yeah, that's about it. That's all. I guess we'll have to wait a couple months and see
what they're going to come up with. Supposedly there's supposed to be a step editor and stuff.
I haven't exactly tried to, uh...
What the hell are you doing?
We're, um...
No, we're doing Kentucky Fried Movie.
Anyways...
For all our listeners, you can't see.
So, um...
Yeah, they're supposed to add a step editor.
And I haven't tried to, actually, you know, make a swap CD,
but you can do that too, and...
I don't know.
I'm being told a few things by Twen in the chat room,
who was our, kind of, the person who alerted us to, uh...
this game in the first place,
saying that the creator has stated that a main mode will be in the final version
cool, that's good to hear, and not only will you be able to put in your own
DWIs and stuff, you'll be able to have your own graphic themes, so if you want to change the arrows
have, go to town. I wasn't waving, I was going like
way, yay, wow. I thought you were waving because you wanted to talk, I'm sorry.
But anyways.
What other kinds of modes would you be looking forward to, to see in a later version of
I don't really know. That just means I have to buy Dreamcast pads now.
Screw that, I'm just sticking with my PC.
Actually, what I was planning to do since I'm, you know, like that, I was going to rip the songs out of that sim and put them on my sim, but you know, that's just me.
Did you say rip?
Yeah, I said rip.
red
yet to go ahead and play one of those songs and peter fury real fast from
this to a place one song i could go to a full break but i thought you guys would
want to hear the uh...
music that goes into it and this is uh... created by guy who did all the
songs in the first release of peter fear by the way
uh... righty two men
to min min
to min min i don't know
also notice and if he's listening to kill me which are his name
also known as d j get key
uh... this is my favorite in the cd looks like a giant happy face this
This happens to be my favorite song in the game.
This is Thyssenitis, and I'm going to play this for you guys so you can sample some of
music from Feed a Fury right here on Orange Lounge Radio.
the
all right if you just joining us that was uh... tyson itis from uh... feet of
fear i can't pronounce these ten asses hits and asses
tonight is they have a cream for that this is why I'm on the internet radio
and not normal radio as long along with the rest of you might I add I was from
feet of fury which is a brand new a Dreamcast DDR clone type game I don't
know what the official label of it would be but dance magic type things you guys
some very interesting comments were made during that a song in the room here
basically talking how much of an old-school video game that sounds like
is like level four of blaster master or something
in defense of blaster master it had better music than that
blaster master is a shit
irene i know you had some pretty uh...
some pretty interesting opinions so why don't you share with everyone else listening
oh man
my plumbing was clogged
anyway
uh... hold on
brad is the most immature person i know
and he's like four years older than you are.
Oh, um...
V to Fury, is that what it's called? Yes, V to Fury.
Why do you think it sucks? It's free! I don't care! But the best things in life are free! Yeah, well if you already have
like third mix, fourth mix, whatever on PlayStation, that's free.
You know, I mean, this is, it's already been done on Disney's Rave, and I think it's just kind of
cheesy, and like the music doesn't fit well, it doesn't dance.
I mean, I couldn't dance to it, and if I saw it, just, you know, I wouldn't want to, you know, get it or anything.
Now, do you think if Loki performed some sexual favors over there and got some of his songs on the F.O.F., it might be a little better?
It might be a little better, but I still wouldn't play it.
I mean, I don't know, like, you know, not because of his music, but because the whole scheme of it just sucks.
I don't know, like, if he were to put his music, like, on a, you know, a max scheme or something like that, or Disney's Rave, yeah, sure, I'd play it.
So you just want to play a copy of DDR, basically, with new songs?
Well, not even just a copy, just DDR.
If you're going to even call this a knockoff of DDR, it's not very well done.
I don't know.
Even if it is preliminary, it kind of sucks.
I don't like it.
Fair enough.
You can't please everybody.
That's fine.
We're about a variety of opinion here on Orange Launch Radio.
You suck, Irene.
I hate you.
You can never please women.
That's right.
You can never please a woman like you.
No, you can't.
It's okay.
I don't need to.
You know, this Fetus Fury game needs to have, like, a one panel mode.
That'd be cool.
A one panel mode?
Yeah!
Yeah!
That'd be hard.
I couldn't do it.
Too many arrows.
No, I think two panel would be better, because it's, like, just running.
It's like Dropout.
Oh, I should just play Boom Boom Dollar.
That was over.
Left, left, right, right, left, right, right.
Uh, well, let's see.
Let's just play, um, let's see, Mickey Mouse March from Disney's Rift.
That is left and right.
No. I don't know. I still, I still, I like
PETA FURIA. I mean, it's not something I'm gonna play every day. It's just kind of
something you look at and go,
yeah, it's pretty cool. I wonder what the next one's gonna look like, and... You can look at that.
Not me, because I'm not gonna play it. Well, you're a bitch.
I'm just kidding. Fuck you! You're gonna die.
You know I speak the truth. It's all good.
It's all good. You speak the truth, you're a bitch. Oh, thanks.
I love you, Eileen. You know that.
Ow! Now her bar got full and she punched me.
Wow.
I suggest we're gonna take a quick break, because I need to go to potty and I've got
people yelling at me left
left and right to play the channel. Are you guys destroying things back there? What the
hell's going on?
Dave had a little too much to drink, so he's... Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, Dave.
Didn't you have a birthday recently, Dave, or am I confusing you with someone else?
Who are you talking to, Rob?
Did Dave leave?
Yes.
Oh, never mind.
That's why you have to look at the computer screen all the time.
Get out of your house, Rob.
Get off your tail and go.
Great.
Okay, I'm going to put on some songs.
We're going to take a quick break, but we'll be right back and we're going to talk about
Dance Dance Revolution USA and Dance Dance Revolution Extreme.
So we'll be right back. You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go rifle, bring out set go, Let's go rifle later!
Firework!
Hey yo Captain Jack!
Burn yo Captain Jack!
Bring me back, the rainbow track!
Give me a gun and more ham!
Give me a gun and more ham!
I will be your shooting man!
Left, right, left!
Go left, go right, go pick up set, go left, go right, go left
satellite control, zero, five and one hour and fifteen minutes and holding
four, three, two, one
baseband, baseband, take me away and let's fly into the Milky Way
baseband, baseband, waiting for you and let's fly away into the moon
Take me out tonight, another star so bright I wanna see your rocket
Flyin' to the space, to a far, galactic place Where you know how to rocket
Flyin' out to the part I don't, right in all alone
Boy have I got a treat for you, when you're fallin' back home
Bateman, Bateman take me away and then fly into the Milky Way
Bateman, Bateman waiting for you and then fly away to the moon
Dum dum dee dum dee dum dee dum dum dee dum dum...
You are my great friend!
Dum dum dee dum dee dum dee dum...
Dum dum dee dum dee dum dum dee dum...
What you gonna say if I ask you, can I play with your ammunition?
As-u-nition!
I'm flying by the wall like you've never seen before, and it's time for a mission!
Time for a mission!
Flying out to the combat zone, fighting all alone
What have I got to see for you when you're calling my phone?
Space man, space man, take me away and let's fly into the Milky Way
Space man, space man, waiting for you and let's fly away into the blue
Warning, Orange Lounge Radio's Pomani Music and More program might be dangerous for you
to listen to in the kitchen.
We have reported incidents where exposed listening to this program in the kitchen has caused
people to bust out a Sharpie pen, draw arrows on the tiles, and start stomping away.
a friendly public service announcement from orange lounge radio
you are listening to orange lounge radio this episode number
woah and my cell phone's going off hey this is jamie right now let's see if i can
pick her up on speakerphone hold on a minute
uh... let me see if i can take her on speakerphone jamie you there?
hello jamie?
we're on live right now say hello
hi everybody
what's going on jamie you wanna talk to our listeners?
I can barely hear, I'm sorry. I'm in a restaurant.
Oh, okay. Um...
We got hungry.
Well, what's going on? Tell...
I'm sorry, listeners, but I needed food.
That's okay. You want to say anything to our listeners?
What?
Do you want to say anything to our listeners?
I just wanted to make sure everything was going okay.
Everything's going great.
You're cutting up on me.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. You want to say anything?
We've been talking about Feed a Fury. Have you played that yet?
I still can't hear you.
We've been talking about Feet of Fury, have you played that yet?
It's freaking up, I'm sorry, why don't I talk to you in a bit?
Alright, I'll talk to you later, Jamie.
Bye.
Now you know why we can't take phone calls on this show.
Well, we need to patch it in an actual phone line.
Yeah, we need to patch it in an actual phone line.
And at some point we'll be able to take phone calls.
But that was my cell phone on the speakerphone.
And she couldn't hear me because I guess we get really shitty reception in this room here.
room here, so. Uh, Irene, you were telling a funny little story during the break, you
know what I'm talking about? I don't know what I'm talking about, man.
It's something for, it's orange on business. Oh, it's orange on old business.
See, and you were listening, but that's okay. That's fine.
I didn't think so, actually. Okay, so unfortunately it sounds like Jamie
and them stopped to eat, so I don't think there's any way in hell she's gonna make it
back in time, so. Maybe they're out dairy green running across
the street. Yeah, wouldn't that be funny? Why don't you
Tell her one where I live, Brad.
I'm sure he's in a thousand or a million fucking Dairy Queens.
Well, in Sacramento, there's only like, you know...
Fifty.
Just kidding, I'm fucking with you, I'm fucking with you, I don't care.
Yeah, so, Feed a Fury.
Any last thoughts on that?
I know you guys were saying some more during the break. No.
Just a quick reminder, if you are going to burn it, make sure you have the
newest copy of
Nero or whatever, the
burning software, because I burned one
with an older copy of Nero. I mean, not that old, but a little older, and it didn't work.
So, make sure you have the newest version of Nero.
From what I understand, they did release the next day. They released an updated version
of the burn that should work on older version Nero, because I have an old version of Nero
and I was able to get it with their re-released one, so.
Those bastards. They made me lose a CD.
Me too. I lost two of them. But if you want to check it out, form your own opinion on
the game, kind of got a mixed reaction here so far, check it out at http colon slash slash
www.cagames.com
So moving right along, I should plug our chat room.
We haven't plugged that at all tonight.
You're just going to join any other side IRC server,
like karma.othersideirc.net or irc.eggheads.org.
And you're just going to join Channel Pound Orange Lounge.
And that's the same server, by the way,
that hosts a lot of the other big Bimani sites.
So if you're in one of the Bimani chat rooms right now,
chances are you're on the same server as Orange Lounge.
Just type to join the channel orange lounge Brad waiting your clothes off. We're not ready for that point of the show yet
Anyway
Let's talk about I don't know. Let's talk about
How'd you guys week? It's been about two weeks since we've all been kind of sitting here together
How'd you guys week you do anything exciting any?
Bahmani news or novel on he is I don't care
I
I finished my site.
Oh yeah, tell everybody about your site.
Yes, yes, yes, my DDR site.
Thanks to Twin for registering a domain name
that kind of got me started on actually finishing my site.
It's LeechFromLoki.tk.
That's right, LeechFromLoki.
And it's got a pretty cool interface.
All that's up there right now is just two of my originals.
I've got one for Fire in the Dark
and one for the Quake 2 theme.
it's kind of like some hard rock kind of stuff, I guess.
And then...
I like the layout of the site, by the way.
You got that Never Look Back thing going on.
It's pretty cool.
Yeah, I have the Never Look Back G2 Arts thing
as kind of my background there,
and it's a pretty strange interface.
It's kind of cool.
And so I have tons of web space.
I've got like 50 megs for stuff right now,
and they didn't really say in this claimer
that I couldn't have more than one site.
So I guess really I have unlimited web space
and unlimited bandwidth, so that's kind of cool.
maybe later on forms will be coming up because I also have the capability to do
that and so yeah it'll be fun we need orange lounge forms so you might have to
work that in for us I could do that yeah all right good deal good deal can I give
an update on my site yes it's 20 20
Oh, God, you suck. Just kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
You're going to attack her or attack me first, because I am my joke.
Brad, you suck. Thank you.
Okay, now you can attack her.
Oh, dear God. By the way, for those that have been bitching about how bad the Orange Lounge site has been looking, because it's really old,
SoCalKicks, by the way, one of our early listeners, being one of those people that always bitched about how bad it looked, I said, fine, SoCalKicks, you do a new site.
So he said, okay. So, he's supposed to be working on that for us, so we'll have a new site soon. That's all I can tell you.
Let's see. Let's talk about Max USA. DDR Max USA. What?
Yeah, it's Max USA.
Oh, you mean the one that's off by a measure?
Well, no, no, no. It's actually okay. Last time we were here in the room talking, they
had released the demo on the official PlayStation Magazine, and two of the songs were off by
complete measure. However, from what I understand, they released a new demo to GameStops across
America. I believe Jamie said she has one, because her fiancé is a manager of a GameStop.
She has one of those demo discs, and from what I understand, it's fixed. They did fix
those measures they're right on yeah I don't I don't know if um I don't know
if there were any new songs in that demo now I know when they went in and hacked
the song list like they did last time that they found what's kind of assumed
to be a pretty damn close to the actual list going on I don't know if you want
to elaborate on that okay because you look at more of that stuff than I do
what what they did is they kind of got another list it's pretty similar to the
last one a lot of things people were saying before is there's not gonna be
ghosts there's not gonna be cockamay you guys are wrong so on this list there
isn't ghosts or cockamay because it's more of an update which is kind of
strange because you think well gee you know this list got leaked up before it
let's not put it in when we fix the demo this time oh well you know what I bet
though because those that demo only came out about what a week after the the list
was leaked right but they probably have to do those demos to get them burned and
mass and everything. That demo was probably done about six weeks ago.
alphabetical order from the rest. It was kind of weird.
Yeah, but the list wasn't alphabetical in the first place. The guy put him in alphabetical order.
Oh, I didn't realize that. I'm sorry.
So that has nothing to do with it.
It's still kind of weird.
When I saw When a Man Loves a Woman on there, I was like, that cannot be in the game. Come on.
Yeah, but what about Be in My Paradise? I'm just kidding. Be in My Paradise isn't in there either, I don't think. Was it?
anyways you have you've ever been all day the possible mission on Commodore
sixty-four the city so like right now pretty far the attack
uh...
they are
they forever
in my room
anyway yes
anyways high world
uh...
so anyways uh...
some of these there were on there though like
that he mentioned that were also in uh... this is very mixed was uh...
the bad touch
which I don't know.
You and me, baby, ain't nothin' but mammals.
I don't think so.
Okay.
Just stay with me for a second here.
I have my own theory as to why that's inaccurate, but you can tell your theory and I'll tell
mine.
Okay.
Here's my theory.
Now, this is possible that when they were doing the licensing for, you know, Dancing
Stage, you know, Party Mix, where they could have done it like where they were going to
put it in this game and that game, which, you know, that can make sense.
Now, I don't know if...
Now, I do understand that Dancing Stage Party Mix is for the PlayStation PS1.
Right.
I don't know how that could be carried over to the PS2 list, that wouldn't make any sense.
I could understand if, like, Gnomics had that stuff in there or something like that, and
that didn't end up being in there because they were making, you know, Densey Stage party
mix at the same time, they could be working on the engine at the same time.
My theory as to why they're not in there is in that box art that was released about four
weeks ago, because if, you know, one of those songs also on that list is Kylie Minogue,
Can't Get You Outta My Head.
Now, if that were actually in the game, I would think that would be the first name that
would be on that cover, because she's a multi-platinum selling worldwide artist.
Certainly more well-known than Darude, I would think.
I think her name would have been on there at the top billing, so I don't think that
song's in there, and I think it kind of voids out all the Euromix ones.
But that's just my theory.
I could be wrong.
But I don't think I am.
Who knows?
Maybe.
Maybe it could be a hidden thing, but I would think if I were Konami and I had to have spent
lots of money to get a Kylie Minogue song in my game
I would make it a hidden song
I'd make it a selling point so
and don't you think
the representatives of Kylie Minogue would want you to put that kind of a thing on the cover
saying oh featuring Kylie Minogue blah blah blah
featuring Kylie Minogue's breasts
well I'm sorry oh yes you have this interesting theory on Kylie Minogue's teeth don't you?
was that you or was that someone else?
well they're big
They bite.
Hey, big and white, kind of like Brad.
How would you know?
Wait, let's not go there.
You're standing right in front of me.
Oh, I didn't mean that.
God, no.
So, I was walking down the street.
And?
NDDR Max USA?
NDDR Max USA, yeah.
You know what, honestly, I have a confession to make, guys.
What?
I haven't.
Don't worry, sweetie.
It's not what you think.
No, um...
I haven't played DDR in over a week.
Yeah, yeah.
Play a GASP! Wave file.
You have one? No? Okay.
Hey, Rob, get your head out of your ass to see if there's any tension.
Sorry, I'm being given some information. I have to see if I can give it out or not.
What were you saying?
I can't say it because I don't know if I can give it out or not!
No, I can't. I can.
Basically,
being told, okay, so maybe I'm wrong then with this news.
they're saying the box art is outdated
the yellow burst on the cover isn't really there it was just there for the
online version it's not on the real box art
so
okay so maybe they changed it
but i still don't think they're there
i still don't think they're there. Even more important than all that? I haven't played DDR in a week.
Oh yeah? Well I haven't played DDR since yesterday at home. All I gotta say is I don't care
I have it reserved it's coming out next Tuesday
i don't give a shit. I think at this point none of us really give a shit what's on it, just release the damn thing already so we can play it.
I'd rather be surprised, you know? I already pre-ordered it too.
So, well, is there a real dilemma here? What? That comes out the same day Grand Theft Auto Vice City comes out.
I'm like, shit! I can't play both! I'm just gonna take the whole week off.
Maybe they should make a version where it's all DDR music in the radio of Grand Theft Auto, because you know they've got the radio.
Uh, no. Anyways.
Watch, watch. I bet you anything, the exact same day those two games come out is the day we finally get 2DX in Sacramento, I bet you anything.
It's all going to happen the same day.
I know me and probably a bunch of other people will be ripping all those songs and set files to play them.
DDR Max, oh my god, you're going to blow your load!
Sorry, that's an inside room joke. Sorry, you guys.
Yeah, anyways, you'll probably see the sim files out the same week, guaranteed.
For what? The new stuff?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. You guys are crazy. You have those sim files around.
I remember that they were already trying to find AeroCharts.
We'll talk about Xtreme a little later in the show,
but they were already trying to find the AeroCharts for Xtreme.
I'm watching that one Japanese site that's got the Max 2 stuff,
because they're the first ones that have the Max 2 AeroCharts, and I'm waiting.
Just waiting.
I'm just waiting.
Alright, I actually want to play for you an MP3 of one of the new DDR Maxx USA songs.
I'm just going to play one for you guys, we're going to play Just Leave Me Alone.
This is by a group, I believe they're called Venus, and this MP3 is coming from, no, it's
not Michael Jackson, I'm sorry, yes, this is coming from SoCalKicks.com, and he actually
has a bunch of MP3s of songs that are going to be on DDR Maxx USA, so if you like this,
you want to hear the rest of them, go visit his site, SoCalKicks.com, and he'll appreciate
I'm plugging the hell out of them right there.
You guys are so wrong.
I hate you.
What were you doing last night, Rob, when I tried to call?
I just want you to wait for the all caps line yelling at you guys right here in about two
seconds.
Anyway.
Oh, not all caps.
That's such rude.
Or maybe you'll do that AZN type of typing.
Anyway, if you like this MP3 you can go over to that site and get the rest of them.
It's not the actual edit that's going to be in DDR.
It is edited down to a minute and a half, about, and from what I'm told, it's not the
actual one, but it's kind of close, whatever that means.
So take it or leave it, here it is.
This is, sometimes I wish we were a TV show and the rest of you don't.
I'm going to play from DDR Max USA, this is Venus with Just Leave Me Alone.
There's no need to sit deep inside my heart, inside my soul
Why? You leave me alone, don't tell me why. There ain't no need to carry on. You leave me alone if I'm not right.
And why do you leave me alone so many days?
You're thinking of you so many nights
You leave me alone when it comes to time
Tell me why
Tell me why
Alright, you heard it here first.
or you heard it here second if you are already a so-called Texas site
that was Venus with Jay you just leave me alone and that's gonna be
and Brad you should take that advice just leave me alone you fucking bastard
you're just leaving me alone guys
I hate you so much
why did I invite you over here tonight oh yeah I needed
I needed more people here cause Jamie wasn't gonna be here Jamie's nice to me
you're mean
yes hi this is one of my other roommates Neil what's up
was a lot of the money world
if you could say if you say one thing to all the money there it's out there what
you to tell
thank you i do that was coming
now get out of the room we're doing show
would you guys think that song is is that the first time he has a good that
was too
and what do you think
that thing you were doing you came out and you said i'm good at it
What the hell were you saying while that song was playing?
It was more Kentucky Fried Movie.
Oh, sorry. Okay.
Big Jim Slade.
Anyway, no, but it's better than the Fetus Fury songs.
That one was true.
Alright, fair enough.
I like Dark Black Forest better.
I think that song kicks so much ass that
Dark Black Forest is going to be in DDR, but
that's pretty good, it ain't so bad.
So if you like that, go over to
SoCalKicks.com and there's more and
maybe we'll be adding some of those to the
launch playlist. However, I'm kind of holding out to get the actual rips from the actual
game, which I'm sure will be out no less than 30 minutes after the game hits shelves, if
not sooner. So we'll see. Damn right. Can we do a list list tonight? What do you want
to do a list list for? I don't know. Let's do a list list for something not even related
to DDR. You guys think about it. We'll see. If we got time, we'll do one. We haven't done
anything. We haven't done the FUs of the weekend. I know. We're still going. Keep going.
What time is it?
It's 8.02, we're halfway there.
You guys want to do F-use the Wii? I don't have anything else to add on Max USA.
I don't really have any important evidence.
There's really no other news on Max USA for me to report other than it's almost here.
It's the extreme!
We'll do extreme after the next break, because there's a lot to say on that.
All I have to say is, Naoki is such a chick.
Is such a chick.
I'm sorry.
If anyone's recording the show, I want that sound clip.
He can't look any more like a woman than he does now.
What, is the sex change coming next?
I mean, that one picture that we have of him
in the New Naoki Journal where he's at the test location,
they show a back shot of him.
His hair is like really long.
He's wearing this like dress suit thing
that looks like a woman's...
I don't even know what it is.
It's just, he looks like a chick.
It's sad.
Well, next they're gonna have him in the schoolgirl outfit,
so don't worry.
Then we'll know.
Bishonen.
He's not even Bishonen, though, honestly.
I do not think he's...
I mean, I'm not gay or anything, man.
I think Depeche was a pretty sweet band, but I'm just kidding.
Okay, somebody in the hallway just said, I don't know if there's anything wrong with
that.
Wow, it's an audience participation show.
I didn't know.
I know.
Yeah.
Speaking of sound clips, this is going to be very random, but...
Janet.
Be so hoggie.
I said I'd play that, so never mind.
What is that?
Me so honky?
I'm just embarrassing somebody right now, don't worry about it.
Me so honky?
I'll tell you guys during the break.
Me so honky?
No, it's not JB.
Can we say who that is on air?
If they fess up in the chat room, then I'll say on air, but if they don't...
If they don't, then I'll tell you guys during the break.
Rob, we've got some blackmail stuff for you, so...
No you don't!
Yeah, we do.
What?
Life is unfair.
Shut up!
Okay, we won't go there.
Oh, yes. Anything else to say on Max USA?
No?
I have some rips about it.
Oh, it's coming out earlier than expected. I don't think we mentioned that. It's going to be out at the end of October. Halloween week.
Yes, it's coming out not this coming up Tuesday, but the Tuesday after, supposedly. Anywhere that week, I guess.
I've been hearing weird things.
And I'm sure we'll be doing something very special on Orange Lounge.
Sandstorm. Yay.
Yes, I cannot wait to play a sandstorm sandstorm is the best ever
Guy you know what it's like it's like going to a giant rave. I'm so fucked up
Let's have some key and make out
Then we could be friends. Okay, that joke is weeks old. We can't do that anymore. I
Did we did here with the last song that unlock is supposedly what's that the drop the bomb want the bomb? Yeah
Yay. Yay for dropping bombs.
I wish they really would.
I wish they really would drop the goddamn bomb. That thing is so annoying.
Yeah, one of ScottieD's finest songs, Stick Around.
You know, you can see ScottieD for like half a second in the Stick Around video,
right before the gerbils that make out with each other.
That is the worst video slash song ever.
I disagree, I like that song.
No, I don't care.
I think you're stupid.
Well speaking of...
Okay, well anyways, this is way off topic.
There's that song that's in Guitar Freak's eighth mix, or whatever.
That's um, it's Polteri and some other band.
Man, she totally butchers that song too.
You wanna talk about Polteri not being able to sing?
What was that one song with Angel featuring Angel?
She cannot sing. Was it Ultra High Heels or something like that?
Yeah, Ultra High Heels. I'm sorry, but that chick cannot sing. Paula Terry has a voice, but that chick doesn't. Okay, bye.
No, Megu cannot sing.
You know why he says her name? The only shitty thing about Stick Around is the lyrics. The lyrics are so awful. They are awful. They are goddamn awful.
Video is terrible, the singing is terrible, the lyrics are terrible, the song is terrible,
gee, I don't know.
Okay, I have to defend it, the music itself is alright, the singing is alright.
I like Miracleman.
It's cute though, it's all happy, and the video, it looks like, at the very beginning
of the video, it looks like we're going to go on a safari.
God, why don't I just put on the Discovery Channel?
At least I'll hear better music.
Alright, speaking of Guitar Freaks to Draw Mania, I'm glad you brought this up, I wanted
to mention this real fast.
For the first time, it sounds like they're going to be doing a, what they're calling
power-up, which is basically 8th mix, 7th mix plus, you can think about it like DDR,
they're doing a new version of Guitar Freaks to Draw Mania called the power-up.
And from what we're being told, there's going to be some new songs in it, begin by Ryu Kisoka,
which is one of the B4U chicks, if I'm not mistaken, Ryu, oh sorry, I missed the I, my
bad.
Power Up!
And they're returning, they're putting in some more of the old songs that are coming back like Fire in the Dark and On Our Way.
How about Haru Spring?
Isn't Haru Spring in?
Those bastards! I only played it once and Jamie made me play Another World and then I played the one where you do the steel drums.
Oh, Kachaka.
Kachaka, I like that one, that was cool.
My third favorite song.
I got a shitty grade but I did good.
No, um, what's the Extra Stage called? It's in Japanese, but it's really, really fun.
Is it the Orange Lounge song?
It's got the characters, the two girls, you know?
But I don't think it's Orange Lounge.
That is the coolest song ever.
So cool. The Extra Stage, on DrumMania and Guitars.
Oh, yeah, it's good.
I'm sure some people in our chat room will fill us in on all that.
It's really hyper and petty.
We honky. We don't know how to read Japanese.
Yeah, let's take a break. What do you guys want to play?
I have no ideas. Any requests in here?
play a abba
no no abba
oh no
we will do abba
we're gonna do
we're only kidding
no we're gonna do
you got me started
we did hyper-boundary gate before the show
you were in the other room
or we could do Michael Bolton
or no
Michael Bolton
i'm gonna do
when a man becomes a woman
we'll do some abba
we're gonna do erotic covering abba
though
that's what we're gonna play
So, in the meantime, we're gonna start this set off with, uh, I don't know. Oh, I like
this one. This is one of my favorite songs from 2DX. We'll start off with this. You're
listening to Orange Launch Radio. We'll be right back, and then we're gonna talk about
DDR Extreme and the FUs of the Week. Also, if you want to send me your FUs of the Week
over private message, you can do that now in the chat room, and we'll get to that coming
back.
Moving back when I was a child and dream Moving back where I was a child and dream
I tried to take you, come to me
But then first thing, set me free
And fly away to everywhere
I could do anything
I can get a thing, oh
I did nothing wrong, oh
Hey these wings.
Lookin' back when I was on Chad and Blue
Those are my observed, it didn't come to me
Of course I think of you if we don't fly away
I just like you
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
Baby
I
After all I've come to be your name
I wasn't jealous before we met Now every born that I see is a potential friend
And never says if it isn't nice You've heard me sayin' that smoking was my only fight
Now I didn't dream Now everything is new
And all I've learned has overturned I left off you
Don't go racing, you're in motion
Get all your love on me
It was like shooting a certain night
A little small talk is fine and baby I'm stuck
I still don't know what you've done with me
A grown up woman should never fall so easily
I see the kind of fear
And I don't have it near
I'm satisfied
I keep my pride
But I beg you dear
Don't come wasting your devotion
Lay all your love on me
Don't come sharing your devotion
Lay all your love for me
I've had a few little love affairs
They didn't last very long and they've been pretty scared
I used to sing at the sunset bar
It makes the truth even more incomprehensible
Cause everything is new
And everything is you
And all I've learned
Has over time
What can I do?
Don't come wasting your devotion Lay all your love on me
Don't go sharing your devotion
Lay all your love on me
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
during the break by the way you are listening to orange on radio we were
talking about guitar freaks 8th and drum mania 7th before the break and thank you
to our kdn42 who's filling us in calling saying that the extra stage is called
Mikaneiko rock no non mechanical it's Japanese Mikaneiko rock rock sounds like
mechanical but remember there's that cat on parfait the cat oh if Justin's
listening I'm sure he likes that we gotta have them back on the show by the
way. Justin and Mike, they were here a few weeks ago, actually a few months ago at this
point. Yeah, they need to return my freaking BeatMania 5 key controller. Oh, oh, oh. About
time I got that thing back. I think they're both listening, so if you want to put out
a special shout out. Need controller, want the controller. Can't play BeatMania without
a controller. And Arkadian thinks that the long version extra stage is something like
Suminagara Kanojo, but not sure. No, I'm, the bonus stage extra stage is crap. Oh, okay,
well thank you thank you for sharing
fair enough
i love that song power
power you just like power don't you power and i also like uh... candy star
i don't really like that one i was expecting to play the actual candy
it could be worse though it could have had crash
the
ingress version of uh...
one of those songs
yeah that break down thank you
what the hell can i
i can't think of a seat back there under control
the worst song ever
okay fine
the middle isn't that bad
at the beginning is
crash it
sounds like war
uh... tdr mike says you'll get it back when they go to shaft
yes go to shaft
everybody everybody should go to shaft november fifth
come get some shaft on november ninth over its scandia
yes i had second on the romanto those uh... fliers who have those
okay let's do the f use the week
jamie's not here
so but if you were here
This is the part of the show where she'd kick off the F.U. of the week.
And so I'm sure her first F.U. of the week would be towards traffic, because that's what's
keeping her from the show tonight.
So on behalf of Dark Sector, I would like to enter in that F.U. of the week to traffic.
Brad, you have an F.U. of the week.
Hangovers.
Oh, why is that?
Well, they're not fun.
That's why you're supposed to drink bread and eat water when you're getting drunk.
Drink bread and eat water.
Is that what I just said?
Are you drunk?
I'm sorry.
No, that's not that big of a deal.
How about you, Rob?
Do you have an F.U.?
Do I have an F.U. of the week?
I'm not sure yet.
Go to the others.
Loki?
Okay, how about Dave?
Dave, do you have an F.U. of the week?
I do.
Kind of.
F.U. to all my teachers at school for giving me way too much homework.
I missed one day of school, I think two weeks ago, and somehow it was the one day where
where all the teachers have signed about ten assignments
for the next two weeks of school, and so I missed that day.
Now I've got a million assignments.
Fuck you, teachers! I know you're listening!
Go away!
That's it!
You get detention for a whole year!
Some advice. Don't miss school.
Stay in school, kids.
Be cool, stay in school!
Oh, so what if your state goes to school? Step to a slim gym!
Oh yeah!
Okay, anyways, uh, my F.U. of the week has-
Wait, hold on.
Oh, I was going to stay in school, then I threw up over someone else's backpack.
Ew!
Like, okay, go to the office.
Grody.
They didn't give me a chance.
Not much is funnier than vomit, seriously.
Come on, guys.
So yeah, uh, my F.U. of the week, once again, goes to, uh, Golf Land Sun Splash.
Again!
Big fat surprise.
Let's start with the fact that Initial D is broken already.
WHAT?!
One of them is broken.
No, that's unacceptable!
UNACCEPTABLE!
Because of that one being broken, I had to wait for over half an hour to play one game of it.
It's like the new DDR or something.
UNACCEPTABLE!
Anyways, that and also because of the fact that they're advertising that MechWarrior 4 is in the sumo,
in the CMO, but for some reason it's not there anymore. You can't play MechWarrior 4. So
those bastards that put in money...
Wait a minute, I played MechWarrior 4 on that thing.
Now.
So somebody downgraded it?
I guess.
Major props to those guys. Major props. That takes talent to be that stupid.
Fucking speed theming game. I hate that game.
I own that game. I still own that game for almost free. It's not for free because I have
to pay for it. You could always steal a little kid's tokens. Or... Rent it for a small fee.
Why do that when I can just play like a dollar and win a thousand tickets? What are you gonna
do with the tickets? You win like a thousand tickets and then what? You get to take something
that's worth a dollar? You get stuff! I bought... I spent probably about five or four dollars
four dollars plan again
which is a lot of money
and i got
a later p p record
who care like more a carry glitter
it looks kind of like the inside
of one of those model and i think that all of
tons of balls and like that
and i think that
uh...
no i don't
it both maybe
I have balls, I just don't like balls.
Irene, do you have any FUs of the week?
Yeah, let's change topics.
Do you like balls?
So, I'm kind of sort of pissed off at my car because it kind of broke down.
But I'm even more pissed off
at book and automotive stores for not carrying the repair manual from my car, so fuck you.
p0k3smot42o1 my f-u of the week would go to the entire week itself
uh... i'm not gonna talk about on the show for those that know me
it was a really shitty week so let's just leave it at that so that's why i
feel the latest all week
the whole damn thing
let's get to the chat room
no because kind of angry i hate myself but i want to die i'd slash my wrist the
other day don't do that
Okay, let's talk about the chat room FUs, those that have been sent to me shall we.
How are you?
You wanna read one?
Okay, let's see...
Read, oh read SoCal Kicks is, then.
Read that one.
SoCal Kicks says, FU!
Sky?
Actually, it means FU.
FU Sky for saving that sound clip.
You know that Me So Hungry one?
Ohhhhh!
Hahahaha!
Ohhhhh!
Fuck you everyone who can't understand what I said.
It's Hungie, not Hunkey!
and fuck you PSATs because I got worried for nothing, they were the easiest shit ever.
I read that it said Hongi, I just thought it sounded funnier as Hongi, I'm sorry Sokaluke.
Uhh, Twen sent me some FUs earlier, people stomping on the PPP machine, which makes no
sense at all.
You know what, I saw some girl playing it completely with her feet, I guess she didn't
understand that they're, you know, it's a hand game.
It's like Russian Dance Revolution, you use your feet to hit all the heroes.
And then there's like a gun there for you to shoot yourself in Russian Roulette.
Did you ever think, by the way, if they did release an American version of PPP, the catch-up song would be on it? I bet you anything.
An F you to the chat room for somehow going in to invite only on Friday night. Yeah, that was my fault, fuck you.
Friday night. Yeah, that was my fault. Fuck you. I'm only human, you ass. F you to JB's
dad for wanting to go online so he had to leave. But he's back now, so never mind.
Black Lab sent me one before he had to go. He was here earlier, but he had to go. He
says, fuck his parents shitty computer for being slow and the only computer in the house.
Fuck his little brother for being such a little dickhead this weekend that he's had to watch
And fuck Star Fox Adventures on GameCube for being too goddamn easy since I beat it in 13 hours flat.
Well, I only played it for 5 minutes and I knew it sucked.
Yeah, I know, I didn't even have to play it and I can tell it sucks. Hello?
Uh, 23rd Magus says, fuck you to the cold virus for keeping me home all weekend.
I would have been at RVGL Saturday for Arcade Mania for once. Fuck the cold.
That's okay, you didn't miss anything. All the machines are broken.
JB says, uh, his F.U. is to RVGL.
Little kids like to grab asses at RVGL, he's learned.
Well, isn't that something?
Oh, and he told me this, it was literal as in, I think, like, really literal.
Like, very little kid, like a girl or something, I don't know, like four or eight or something.
At least it was a chick grabbing his ass.
Yeah, if, like, there was a five-year-old kid grabbing his ass, that would be kind of freaky.
It's Anna Nicole Smith Jr.
either way it's illegal, so come on
JB would also like to state that Jenny Rom will be his future Rife
Sure, sure
Rife, I'm sorry, I was Japanese for a minute there
Wife!
Watch the movie Simone
DDR Mike says that, oh this isn't an F.U.
He's telling me when he's going to come visit
Nevermind, that's not an F.U.
DCB says F.U. to himself for coming in late
that's one tardy detention for a whole week for DCB I don't know some guy in
the chat room these people they're all my best friends I keep tabs on them all
the time I don't know they just come in on Sunday I read their f-use and they're
happy how the show works jazz says f you two negative immature people who
There seemingly can only solve problems with violence.
But violence is the only way!
You're right.
Uh, Matt, it, er, sorry, Loki.
What? Why do they use violence? Why don't they use cellos?
That's violence, dear. That's guns.
Wha, wha, whaaaaa!
Jazz is cool.
He says, F you to Roseville Golf Land because it's a shithole and everything is broken.
The game room and Scandi are 600 times better.
Once again, getting into local DDR politics on this international program, but that's
okay.
Everybody should know what a shithole Roseville Golf Land is.
Exactly.
Maybe one of the assholes from Golf Land will be listening.
You know what I heard?
Probably not.
You remember that one time that I went over there and took pictures of all the broken
shit?
That some of the employees got online and saw that?
They were pissed.
Pissed about why?
Pissed about what?
That they're telling the truth?
truth? God! Fuck you! Yeah, I'm gonna do it again! Just for that! And then I'm gonna take
pictures of you when you're picking your nose and taking breaks when you shouldn't be and
telling off little kids and pissing in the cokes and whatever you do over there. F you!
I hate you! Die! No, but see, like, they just really actually did the first teching that
they've done in a couple of months and they fixed guitar freaks and keyboard reindeer.
So, if you went there now, a lot of stuff wouldn't be broken.
They turned up...
Yeah, if you went there now, I'm sorry, you'd probably see everything broken again.
Well, I went there earlier today, the Guitar Freaks was turned up really loud, nice and loud, drumming is turned down almost to silent.
Let me add that I played Guitar Freaks for the first time in a long time, a couple days ago, and my ears were ringing afterwards. It was so loud.
I guess they don't realize that these games are based on music, and you need to kind of make it sound good or else it's not worth playing.
I want to play Godard Freaks of the Silent.
I'm told that Roseville isn't the only golf land that's having problems apparently. SHGL got their 2DX screen fixed.
I didn't even know that SHGL got 2DX back, but apparently they did. They got their screen fixed and now it's broken again.
So, hey, it runs in the family I guess.
We should just go to all the golf lands and quote-unquote overplay the games and make
all of them, you know, wanting the arcade doctor and then they'll see how bad it's gonna
affect.
Yeah.
That's such a joke.
I need to pay a visit to the arcade doctor.
Is that all the golf lands that do that or is that just Roseville or do all the golf
lands have the arcade doctor?
Who cares?
I think they know what I am implying.
But they'll see how much it suffers, you know, and like, you know, yeah, they'll see how
much people don't like it and then they won't get any business and they'll die.
But the thing is, you can't go play the games if they're all broken already. We're not going to make any money.
Well, the ones that are still working, we should just overplay them.
Well, don't quote. Anyway, I want to finish up. There's some FUs.
DDR Mike did send an FU after... Oh, yes, Irene, you have an FU.
It's not quote-unquote. It's quote-end-quote. Why would you unquote something?
Somebody please tell me. It's quote-end-quote.
Shut up. You lose. You lose.
DDR Mike says, F you to Mountain Mike's left side pad down arrow because it stuck for three
minutes straight on Saturday night.
Hey wait Rob, I have another F you. F you to you guys.
Everybody hates you.
You don't have any vanilla cokes though.
I don't. Go buy one yourself. I'm sick of buying you people crap. I'm just ghetto poor
this week. I'm going to the store after the show. Not that I'll do you any good until
next week but hey just thought you'd enjoy knowing thanks a lot don't worry
I'll bring Krispy Kreme one day some advice get a job and then slinky's
follow-up is that Japanese people own us all and that's not local just remember I
said is and there's some both kick-ass I might add
that's enough heart spring or so Cal kick says shine loose let's move along
along here. Oh, thank you teacher. Thank you for telling us how to run the show. No, I'm
just kidding. You're right. We need to hurry up. We're not going to get to do list list
if we don't talk about DDR Extreme. Talk list list. Screw that. Wait until next week. Alright.
Let's talk about DDR Extreme. What do you want to say? Why don't you do a sim file update
for us, Loki, and then lead on into DDR Extreme if you want. Go for it, dude. You're the one
who wants to change topics. It's all you. Sorry. Let's start off with StepMania. Let's
beta six uh... release candidate three better known as uh...
step mania version three final uh... there's going to be going hopefully
should be the final one a lot of fixes done there and that's available now from
uh...
source
forged dot com or whatever their site is there's a link on that your maniacs go
check that out
so it's a pretty good i i played a little bit today it is a lot faster so
uh...
just go try that
uh... see other than that d r east coast invasion is back up and some server
problems earlier this week and everyone thought they were gone for good but they're back so
go check them out.
Any new contests by them coming up?
Uh, no.
They're doing right now one of the things, it's kind of like to get the most popular
character in all the DDR games.
They finished with the female characters and I believe, ah shit, I can't remember her name.
Alice?
Yeah.
Alice, I don't know, I just, I'm just thinking, oh Emmy.
Oh yeah, Emmy.
No, no, no.
Not Emmy.
Alice, there's Alice.
Yeah, Alice.
Big surprise, Steve. I could have told you that contest in two seconds, but that's alright.
The coolest thing is that you can speed up the speed of the song. That's the coolest. Not like how fast the arrows go, but the actual song.
Like, I think it's up to 1.5 times the actual speed now. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool.
But anyways, oh my gods, I can beat Max Unlimited S4R with two times speed. Oh my god, it's dizzy.
Whatever.
Were there any new released characters online for the next release?
so they're doing them every two weeks now.
I noticed it's on my Payday Fridays that they released two characters, it seems.
Yeah, I mean, I really don't care. There are all these freaky, weird characters and no
one plays that game, so it really doesn't matter. Aside from that, like I said, my site,
I was thinking, you know, maybe once I get things going a little bit, since, you know,
DDR East Coast Invasion does their own tourney mixes, they might actually run one. And actually
have prizes, because you know me, in my edit contest, I had tons of prizes.
yes so yes and you'll be doing all those door prices at SHAPT
yes yeah i'll clean up my prize closet there right on
oh you're cleaning out your closet oh that yeah
ha ha ha anyway okay and now ddr maxx extreme yes
maxx extreme they've been doing the uh the testing started this friday
um back there in japan and uh people have been playing it and
actually a bunch of new songs have come out
a couple to mention. There's going to be a new Revenge song. It's all sixteenths and
thirty-second notes. And it's sixty beats per minute. It's sixty-five beats per minute,
yeah. Isn't it called DDR Extreme? Yes. Not Max Extreme? Whatever. Yeah, okay, bye. My
bad. DDR Extreme. DDR Extreme. And that's called Bag. I don't know. What a name for
Big asian groove.
New paranoia coming out, paranoia survivor.
It goes from 135 BPM to like 270.
So that should be pretty ancient.
Isn't there something that you have to do on that song? Like you double A it and you can get an extra stage or something?
No. No. Stop! Damn it!
So, here's what's going on with Paranoid Survivor. Like Max on the last song, if you double A, you get an extra stage.
Well, the thing is, with the extra stage of Max, you can pick any song you want, plus some more actually appear.
You have the new Max, which is Legend of Max that's going to be out, and then there's also Paranoid Survivor.
Now, supposedly if you double A Legend of Max, you get Sakura.
And I'd like to point out, I was correct, and I called it a long time ago that Sakura's going to be the bonus song.
You're the shit.
Yes, so I know that.
And we haven't really heard, I guess, if there's another extra stage, you know, different one, if there's Paranoid Survivor, if someone, you know, double A's that.
Every time I hear that, I think of that Destiny's Child song.
I'm a survivor, I'm gonna make it.
No, no, no, it's like this, you double A Paranoid Survivor, you get to vote somebody out of the arcade.
Or as 23rd Magus says, out stomp, out wink, out dance.
Exactly.
What's out wink?
What do you wink when you play DDR?
Out twink.
Out twink?
Yeah, twink.
I don't know.
I've heard the word twink before, but it has absolutely nothing to do with DDR, I guarantee
you that.
I'm not going to elaborate.
Other than that, let's see if we can pull up the song list here.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I can pull up the song list.
For those that don't know, one of the big people that gives us information on the Japanese
these location tests is the guy known as Aaron in Japan. His website is over at aaroninjapan.com.
Easy enough to remember. You should definitely check out his site because we're stealing
some news from him right now and I have to credit where we're getting news from.
Anyway, some of the new songs, they're gonna be in there. We've got
Irresistible, or, what the hell is that? Irresistible Mint?
Oh, oh, he meant Twink Out! Like, I think it's a rave thing.
Okay, whatever. Anyway, that's a weird name for a song by Wildside.
Irresistible Mint, whatever that means. That's stupid.
Speed Over Beethoven, which is, you know, on Speed 9, I believe.
That's pretty good. Then there's also We Are the Champions,
a cover of that
so it's it's it's a queen he makes
anyways uh...
big gate your extreme
uh...
that's the we've got twink revolution
some of the older songs coming back we've got uh... damn derriam rhythm please synchronize
love i believe in miracles if you were here
and others
There's a larger song list out there that has a lot more of the old original ones.
From what I understand, every Max 2 track is back, and from what somebody else was saying...
Every Max 2 track and every Max 1 track is going to be back.
Except for Telephone Operator, right?
Telephone Operator and Follow Me are still gone, from what I heard, right?
But Ghost is back, and all the good ones are back except Telephone Operator, I love Telephone
Operator.
Bye-bye Baby Balloons back, much to our enjoyment.
From what I hear is that initially you don't see them on the list, that you have to sort
your list a different way to see them.
That's what I'm hearing.
I don't know if they have...
Why would you do that?
That doesn't make sense.
Well, no.
I think that it's a huge list, I mean, you didn't see them right away.
Also, they're going to have an unlock system, similar to the Macs do, except it's going
to be fewer points in between, a ton more unlocks instead.
You're going to have also, like before we've mentioned the non-stop mode, they're going
actually have a player's best non-stop that you can play on there, which is kind of cool.
It'd be the top four song.
Arkadian can get out the pen and pencil again and start writing down player's best every
week. That was pretty cool. I remember when Forthmix was out and he was writing it down
every week, and it was like, it was like, Casey Kasem's top 40 and the player's best.
Exactly.
Sorry you had to be here. Inside joke, I guess.
Then of course, you know, not to be, not, not any surprise at all, drop the bomb, the
System FX mix.
Of course, they couldn't stay U.S. exclusive for very long, but there are still some-
i'm sure you'll see the dynamite rate one on there too i'm sure that's going to be in
there so cold so cold uh... yes so in love kind lady g you know we're going to
be on there
and uh... can be
can they tell us on the forces that he was an eight-footer
but and now there's conflicting reports because one report saying the steps are
as hard as the d w i just thought that every other reports and
it's a footer
i would i would say how much i believe the eight-footer thing before it would
be able to go
i don't know sources that this way at some point we will be able to make it
hearts
yes that's right you're gonna get in there and
do your edits, your homemade edits
uh-huh and uh... let's see here
we've got uh...
love love sh- oh
love sugar
i guess dj talka featuring noria
that's gonna be in there um...
la mora et la
whatever la mora et la biete
kiss kiss kiss
uh... feeling- oh goodie more para, is that para or is that- no that's dance maniacs
i'm sorry feeling of love uh... moba moga frozen ray
Frozen Array, Miracle Moon, L.E.D. Light Style, Destiny Lovers, and this is too cool, from
Mambo A Go Go, Gamaland A Couple is on there, that rules.
And not on this list right here, because this is an old list, JetWorld is on there.
Very cool.
JetWorld is on there.
Let me tell them, the steps could be cool.
Let me scroll on down and see if I see some other stuff.
Why?
Here's some stuff, these were in the ONI and non-stop courses, they're only available there
apparently.
Yeah, at least right now probably until you unlock them.
They have Happy Wedding, I believe that's from 7-0.
Somewhere Jamie is excited.
general like i mentioned before
is to be on their uh...
colors
police one hundred seconds
needed any
evening in india need in india need to know you guys to clean
he's like in my ass
why oh hello we didn't see them real
anyways um...
if you were here
shooting star
it came with
but that yes sir that's about it
that's much more uh...
two hundred thirty songs
uh... the test is only one fifty percent done something like that
they didn't know when it was
be released higher
and the year
early spring we've heard about it
late december and early january
right after new year's eve a shipment let's just put this way
that machine right there will
We'll definitely own. I mean, there's no doubt about it. 230 songs.
The question is, how soon before it breaks? Our local golf land.
Golf land, man. It's going to be scandium, man.
And there's also another report, Aaron in Japan mentions that SHINE was triple-8 on heavy within two hours.
By one of those insane Japanese dancers, Yosaku.
Of course, we don't want to obviously reveal to any Konami people that someone got pictures from the test location,
someone did get pictures from Test Location, someone that's website we might be looking
at right now, and supposedly they should be leaked out a couple weeks from now.
Okay, cool.
So we'll have to look for that.
I don't really know if it's going to reveal anything, probably not, who cares.
Probably it's just going to be more kind of screenshots, and I like those.
When Max 2 was first out, they got a lot of up-close screenshots, that was pretty cool,
I'm waiting for those kind of shots.
There are people that have access to them, I don't have access to them because I'm not
I'm not bored and I don't know Aaron, so obviously I can't get access to them.
He hasn't password protected, so there's no way for us to get him, unfortunately.
Let's see what else is here, if there's any other exciting news to share.
No new upgrade for the cabinet, like as posted a long time ago on Team Boilo.
It's the same software, it should be an easy upgrade.
They're saying that Speed Over Beethoven is the best new song.
A lot of people are saying that.
i think i can get that from one of the uh...
i've heard it, it's uh...
i can't remember, i'm not good at classical music
it's on speed 9 isn't it?
it's on speed 9
it's on that one song, it's like
ah shit, i can't remember, it's the one
uh
i don't remember it
yeah, yeah, that one
yeah, fairly
yes
it's a speed mix
it's like happy hardcore type speed mix
I'll see if I can get that for you guys and play it next week.
I know somebody who has Speed 9.
I know I have that song, so...
Alright, we'll play that for you guys next week.
I don't have it right now. Sorry, guys.
If somebody in the chat room has it, feel free to send it to me.
I'll play it before the end of the show.
That's pretty much all that's up with DDR Extreme,
other than the very girly shot picture of Naoki.
You know, they have pictures from Teslocation.
Oh, and Naoki's diary. We haven't talked about Naoki's diary.
It was a filler. We really don't...
It was a filler. It was nothing. There was nothing new.
It was him bitching about more songs we don't really care about, and it was also talking
about-
Wow, wow, my life is so traumatic.
They were interviewing some people that were working on it and asking him stupid questions
like, what's your favorite character?
Like our listless.
Stupid things can only be done on this show.
Listen up.
I think we're going to take another quick break, and then we're going to wrap up this
show.
How's that sound?
Oh, thank you.
That was terrible.
Yes, it was.
What shall we play in this break?
Let's start off with...
You want to hear Miracle Moon?
Okay, let's hear Miracle Moon.
Fair enough.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
be right back to wrap up the show
You're the only one who has to go now
And she could make the world a better place
And she could make the world a better place
I'm the king that came up
Give me something I can do
Do you believe in love?
Yes, I do believe in love
I'm the king that came up
The only love I call to know You are the angel of my love
It's got to be my heart Being beside you while I'm alone at all
I wanna look closer to you, my love Until the day I die
I'll be your everything
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
Don't you change your head, but I will be your man
Don't want you now, gun, doesn't matter where you
One and one is two
Don't you be the crew
Singing that love is what we have to do
Hold your hand, we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in this world
Okay, as promised, uh, we were able to get
a copy of that Speed Over Beethoven song. Thank you very much to DDR Mike for saying
that to me. We're going to play it for you right now. This is going to be a DDR Extreme.
It'll be an edited down version. This is the full version though, so you guys can get a
sample of it. This is Rose with Speed Over Beethoven.
Let's open, let's open, let's open
Let's open, let's open, let's open
You think you're nice, you make me cry
I need you back, to save my life
Because again, I'm just really weak
Listen to this song
And I'm gonna keep you free
You make me laugh, living your life
I need you one love, yeah, love, yeah, oui, oui
Music gonna save your life
You're really weird, music's gonna save your life
We apologize for the awkward end to that Speed Over Beethoven song, but that was right out
of a non-stop Speed 9 album that didn't have time to edit that together, because that just
got sent to me.
We hope you enjoyed that though.
pretty cool song what you guys think of that? It was cool. It was good. La la la la la la
la la la la la la la la la. I forgot the words. Beethoven! Beethoven! Beethoven! Was
that supposed to be another like Waka Laka song or something? No. But it's not Jenny
Rom. Beethoven! Beethoven! Beethoven! I think I kind of like that a little more than Beethoven's
virus even a little bit just a little bit so what was that call that was more
important than the show Brad I'm just kidding out here and I don't care I
thought I put you on the spot we're winding down the end of the show here oh
I'm sorry oh yeah I see you want to have a conversation this year while I try to
do the show in this year that's fine that's fine I can do that anything else
I wish you guys wanted to get out of your systems before the show was done.
Nope.
No?
There's no other things you guys want to talk about?
Let's talk about... Yes.
Irene said it, but it kind of didn't get picked up on the mic.
What would you like to talk about, Saxirene?
It's great.
You can't relate sex to Bamani in any way, outside of erotic songs?
Well, I'm sure you can.
I think, like, they should, you know, how you were saying about the announcer, you know,
relating it to, like, a guy juicing or whatever, and if you fail a song, you just say, oh,
well, premature ejaculation happens.
I think that would be funny if the answer said that.
Yeah, okay, here you go.
This is it! This is my money shot!
Ugh!
69 combo!
Oh yeah!
Weren't we talking about that a couple weeks ago when we said the name of the mix was going to be Extreme, DDR Extreme, we were talking about DDR Sextreme?
well that was a scandia where we're talking about whether we're gonna have
a poll in the middle of the pad
yeah and all the erotic songs
yeah so that's really a sixty nine combo slate
all dot
yeah like that
it's really terrible
and they were like
they're doing that we're going to like uh...
uh... uh...
but uh... you know
because you know yet
i don't know how
what is showing right down the toilet real fast didn't
uh... yeah right when we said that this is orange lambs real uh...
people is there is uh...
yet
uh...
that
he said
pretty scandalous stuff in that. Uh, not really. I mean, it's not too bad. It's a pretty, it's
a stylish film, I would say. Like, a lot of stuff that's, like, backwards and weird shit
going on there. Like, it starts in, you know, it's one of those movies that starts in the
middle of the movie and then goes back and then comes to the middle again and then goes
forward. Okay, I saw, uh, The Transporter on, I think, Saturday. That was pretty good.
and
what yeah i want for that but it's like the guy there is like the master
that i heard that movie was a piece of shit but i was just what i heard
where from
they're not sure what the people that
right up there to me
well i think that you guys went so spirit away that's of interest to a lot
of your people on
you said but i want to transfer sex but you like showgirls
but i'd like to know girls permits comic value
there is much comic value we have showgirls
It was really funny on TV where they tried to censor all the boobies.
Oh, the VH1.
Yes, you have to see Showgirls on VH1.
Don't see Showgirls for the first time on VH1, but watch it for the second time on VH1.
Where they have to...
Follow your Showgirls DVD?
You sure can, honey.
You ruined the effect of the...
Yes you can, darlin'.
...insult.
Oh yes, tell us about Spirited Away.
Now, was the dub as crappy as the sub?
What?
That's what I want to know.
I mean, I was being...
Was it crappier than the sub?
I'm sorry.
Spirited Away was a great movie.
I just want to know if they fucked up the dub.
I personally used to, when Princess Mononoke came out here in America and I went and saw it in the theaters, I was saying that it was the greatest dub so far. There was nothing as good. This, in my opinion, is better. There's no annoying Claire Danes. But seriously, the dub is great. Everybody does a great job. There's no overacting in it at all.
um...
and it didn't change anything that didn't need to be changed the names
are premature they're all the same
there are a couple jokes thrown in that weren't in the original but they were
funny and they made
they didn't ruin it
airbase should really go see that movie is as good as i thought subversion is
excellent
when the best films and if you don't make it for all you people who don't
know
I know a lot of people listening will know, but I was feeling a lot of the parents in the theater were like Disney, it's a Disney movie, yeah.
And then Studio G, I was like, oh God, I'm talking to myself about it.
It was Miyazaki who made the movie, that's what he was trying to say.
Alright, I also saw part of Initial D, the anime series, after playing the game.
Dude, that anime rocks.
Hello and welcome to last week.
I'd like to mention something, it's video game related.
I just heard that they're making a sequel to Final Fantasy X, which is pretty interesting.
Okay, now from what I hear, from what I hear, in the U.S., those two sequels that they're
making to Final Fantasy X, there's a Unistory and there's a, what's the other chick, the
Riku.
There's a Unistory and a Riku story, and in Japan, those are going to be released as separate
games, FF10, 1 and 2, and please keep in mind my word is not gospel, I'm just spreading
dirty rumors I've heard so if I'm wrong then whatever.
I've seen screenshots.
Well, no, no, I know they exist but this is the thing, this is the thing.
You know how Final Fantasy XI, it's online in Japan and it's kind of been a bit of a
wreck because they've had a lot of problems with the servers, they've had a problem with
the, they won't release the hard drives here in America so there's really no way they're
going to be able to release Final Fantasy XI in America and playing online games in
America is kind of, I don't know, I don't know any online game I've ever seen that people
take it seriously, except EverQuest, which is where people take it way too seriously,
so I think Final Fantasy Online in America would kind of be stupid anyway.
Ultima Online.
But, what's going to happen, since they can't do it on the Playstation 2 because they have
no hard drive, they're going to release it on the computer. It's Final Fantasy Online.
Final Fantasy XI here in America is going to be those side stories. They're going to
release them as one game here in America. That's just what I've heard.
But what's really strange about it is, Yuna looks like frickin' Lara Croft. She's got
I got two pistols
I don't know, it's just weird
She's carrying forbidden machina? What's wrong? She's violating the teachings
I think she said screw the teachings in Final Fantasy X the first place, and that and supposedly machina has taken over
Spoiler free show please, spoiler free show, I haven't really played through X
Alright
Well, yeah, exactly, thank you
taking over Spira is after 10 anyway, so it has nothing to do with 10.
Spoiler free show please that includes you people in the chat room. God damn, so not
everybody's finished the game yet. Some of us are just now getting our USPS2. Some of
us wasted all their money buying a Japanese PS2 and can't afford to get an American one.
Yeah, and those people play 2DX, so they suck.
You don't know me. Sit down. Talk to the hand.
I'm sitting.
Yeah.
Other than that, there's also, supposedly, they're selling now an international PS2.
It plays both U.S. and Japanese games.
What? I don't believe that.
I don't know. It's on YesAsia.
Oh, no. You know what is tricky? I saw that it's just the way they worded it.
Go back and read it very carefully. It's not an all-region DVD. They just try to make it sound like that.
Alright.
If I'm wrong, then fuck them.
Alright, we're running a little over. I want to finish up the last show. Final thoughts. Any final thoughts from you, Loki?
Check on my site if you haven't yet. It's www.leechfromloki.tk
Alright, any final thoughts from Dave?
Go watch Initial D. It is cool.
Cool.
Any final thoughts from Brad?
Oh, I'm sorry, you weren't done?
My bad.
My final thought is that I am done now.
Okay, thank you.
Has to go.
Any final thoughts from you, Mr. Brad?
It puts the lotion on its skin and puts it in the basket.
All right, thank you.
Any final thoughts from you, Ari?
Bye.
Bye, that's it?
Oh, okay, fair enough.
My final thought is that we're going to be doing, after the show tonight, we're going
I'm gonna stay live, we're not gonna deconnect the stream
we're not gonna be here talking, in fact most of us will be gone
but we're just gonna play some music, we're gonna play all 2DX music
all night long, until I feel like shutting it off
so you can go ahead and stick with the stream after this show is done
that's what we're gonna be doing, gonna be playing 2DX all night long
every single style, 2nd through 8th every track that I've got
Which is everything except I don't think I have all THE 8th
I've got just about everything
So we're gonna play 2DX music all night long until I feel like shutting it off
Enjoy that, you guys.
That's it.
That's all I've got to say for now.
So good night, everybody.
Thanks for listening to Orange Lounge.
On behalf of Jamie, who couldn't make it, and I,
thanks for listening.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known
as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
