It's a video tape! Put it in, put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now. Boring!
This video stops!
See, they've been so nasty.
Orange Lounge may contain adult partners.
Orange Lounge may contain nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Miss Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
One.
One.
He's good.
Mished it by that much.
That's Dr. Evils cat.
How can you tell?
I'll never forget a pussy.
Cat.
Thirty-seven.
My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks.
In a row?
Shh! And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest link goodbye.
Till you get nothing!
You lose!
Good day sir!
Dear Diary,
My teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a strange journey.
Dark Sakura.
I hate nature! I just wish the world would explode and then I could take over hell.
Skye.
Do I look like the weather girl?
Everything alright?
Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live and this is episode number 17 for...
You okay there?
You need some Nyquil there.
Capital N, small i, big fucking Q.
This is episode number 17 for October the 27th of 2002.
You need some Robitussin. Robitussin! Robitussin!
I almost said that on the pre-show list, except I don't have an editor to cut out all the talk to get me in.
You're tuned into the Bimani scene's most shy-and-get radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts, be you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, my lovely co-host, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better, it starts out...
Are you talking like, out of her box?
No.
Jamie is recovering from ikitas.
We have a whole studio filled with guests, let's say hello to our guests!
Actually, they're not even really guests anymore, they're just, they're always here.
They're the back legs of the show, literally.
They're our mascot, they're our dancing girls.
Because they sit behind us, so the back legs of the show.
Say hello to Loki!
I'm the uncredited member of this show.
You're the guy behind the curtain.
Exactly.
Do not stare behind the curtain.
Nothing to see here, move along.
And also Dave, say hello to Dave.
I'm just a guy.
I'm just a guy.
What?
You know that No Doubt song, I'm just a girl?
No.
But you can just, I'm just a, you know.
Maybe he really is just a girl.
it's one of those evenings
we'll be talking to everybody a little bit more later but first gonna take a
quick break
with some songs that we want to play for you
we have to take the children out for a walk
any other opening thoughts from you Jamie?
I'm mad at you
oh shit
i guess we're gonna start off the show
we're starting off the show with the fuck you's of the week so uh... send them to me
over
private message right now you're just going to join any other side i r c
server
after all the people money charems are and he's going to join channel pound
orange allowed to start this off at a high note
i have never
heard you crack that high of an octave i a mighty impressed
i have a pretty impressive range but i think you should go kick polteri's ass
you could sing i was you could take a dive
I will just take my saxophone tape and beat around with it.
thing because Jamie's got a lot she was to say and I'm very very scared what
else can I say? I can only hope. We'll see you in a little bit. Later.
easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song orange lounge radio you
you are listening to or in times radio
episode number seventeen health and then we are just a catch-up was when i told
you about the new program
as well today to dance
you know that
it's the new macarena
in
you leave for a week and it's just everything is going to help the hell
but
and you know on top of that i'm missing make a boy action okay
I missed YowieCon, and I was there.
Okay, tell us all about what you were leaving for...
What the hell? Somebody's sending their alarm right outside my window. Anyway...
Tell everybody about why you left last weekend, what the plan was that you were going to be gone for, and what ended up making you late, and all that.
I was going to go to YowieCon, because I wanted to go buy doujinshi. Because, dammit, I'm a nerd.
So, Julie says, okay, well we're going to leave in the morning, after my class. So will they cancel her class?
It doesn't matter though because Julie still didn't get to my house until six in the evening.
Describe yaoi for everybody who may not know.
You know what, I'd have to get the exact terminology because the word yaoi is actually combinations of parts of three different words.
And right now I'm too brain dead to actually remember what they mean.
But it's basically...
Gay porn.
No, it's not.
It has also to do with, you know, the...
Man love.
You know there's actually a street in Sacramento called Man Love?
Yeah, I drove by there and I was like, well, that's pretty cool.
Okay.
I think Dark Tetsuya lives by Man Love.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, I'm just saying.
Anyway, I was going to go to YowieCon so I could, you know, look at all the pretty art
and watch the pretty anime and see the pretty boys and, you know, see cosplayers and stuff.
and stuff. So we get there and we decide that it's late so we go to Pacific East Mall. It's
not in Berkeley but near Berkeley. Wait, do cosplayers for Yowie dress up as naked men
or something? No! God. Anyway, so I go and I have this chat with this really nice guy
there about the Trueno because I want one. For people who have no knowledge of Toyotas
or Initial D, basically it was the Corolla in Japan, and I want one. I actually liked
the car before I ever heard of the Automate. But anyway, we ended up just hanging out,
we went to go, oh, your horn works, you whore!
For those, if it's us not picking up over our microphone, somebody's honking the horn
quite obnoxiously outside. Oh, Jamie's gonna go do something about it!
God, I hope the mic picked that up. Jamie just went over to the window and went,
SHH! We're trying to do a show!
Anyway,
we go hang out at Krista's house. Actually, we went to San Francisco and picked up Krista,
who was working the convention with a Japanese guest.
What?
The people outside are screaming, this is, okay.
We just heard the N-word.
Away from the bad radio.
Anyway, we drove all over San Francisco, we ate at Mizune in the Kintetsu Mall, went back,
crashed out, got up the next day with the full intention of spending the $30 to get
into the convention so we could go shopping in the dealer's room, and oh, don't forget,
pay $15 to park.
I hate that.
Frisco can go to hell and die for costing so much to park in.
Well, we went all over the place, and Julie and I sat back and we went, you know what,
fuck that.
We decided not to go to YowieCon.
So we went all over the place and spent a bunch of money instead, and then we walked
Krista's dog in Berkeley.
We get back, we decided that we were going to go to Network Video because we thought
we had time.
We didn't realize that we got back at five.
video being the local import video game store? Local meaning Bay Area.
We had an hour to get there, so we get in the car, and we're on our way to network video.
We get stuck in evil traffic going into San Francisco. It took us an hour just to get
past the toll booth from Berkeley to there. I call Rob at, oh what, six something? Rob,
guess what, we're in traffic at the toll booth, going into San Francisco. So finally, you
You know that really weird phone call where you know, I couldn't hear anything that was me calling from Mifune again over my oyako donburi
Which was really yummy, by the way, and it got back like evil late and that was it because after
We went shopping before we ate
So if you could sum up the weekend in one word, that would be
I ran into people in the hallway outside of
the
you could be a enjoying a nap there loki
but i'm very happy because i thought that i think it will be the bible
volume three
uh... cool
paid eighteen bucks worth of its president thirty on ebay
and uh... went into a jacket there jay kinetic you know what my friend bought
on ebay
what a golden girls poster
call
that's what i can tell
uh... i think all the girls and i always think of them sitting on the table
cheesecake
yes student i want to go to girls poster and i want to change it in my
My Fuck You of the Week goes toward JJ North's Cheesecake today.
It's like a hometown buffet.
It sounds like a clothing store.
For people that are back east, it's also like the Piccadilly, basically.
Well, not necessarily like Piccadilly, because that's more of a cafeteria-type place.
It's basically a big buffet.
You know, just all kinds of crappy food that's been sitting out for five hours.
I hadn't eaten at JJ North's in forever, and Waffle Square, OK, damn them, they were busy.
That should be Chicken and Waffle Square.
Full of old people.
So, we decided to go to JJ North's because I was actually feeling good today, because I went home early Friday because I was sick, as you can't tell from my...
Anyway, that was gross.
So I go, and I'm all happy because the food sucked and I want a cheesecake.
I eat a cheesecake and it tastes like the meringue topping from a lemon meringue pie. It was really gross.
And so, that sucked.
The second fuck you of the week goes to Rob.
Hey!
Christina, slutty-era stuff behind my back on Friday.
You bitch.
For those that don't know, our chat room, Channel Pound Orange Lounge on any other side, IRC server, was crowded as fucking hell on Friday.
It was almost like having a show, it was very random.
So they got in there and said, Sky, go live, play some requests.
So I did.
And we went on there and played some, uh, we were playing a bunch of dirty songs in a row.
We played like I can yell put it in my mouth and we play I think we played how many licks
I don't remember what else we played. We played like a bunch of really. Oh, we played that legend the legend song the Zelda rap
You know, I'm about right. I'll have to play that tonight for our regular listeners
Oops
We're still on yours. Anyway, yeah and to intro the dirty songs. I played dirty, but it was a
It was a chat room that made me play the full version specifically. It was bite my ass
asked everyone specifically it was so-called kicks but it's not that I'm
gonna point out kicks you can bite me no GameCube pen for you you still have
to send me proof and we tried doing the ghetto phone thing on the show but it
doesn't really work I really love you guys and you know I miss you all but my
aim is improving I practice really I do my other fuck you the week goes toward
All of you who gave me this cold, you know, this virus cold bacteria means to die already because I'm getting sick of being sick.
You're sick of being sick?
Uh, yeah. Um, and my other fuck you leak goes toward, um, um, Contra Shattered Soldier because it was really loud and I wanted to go to bed last night.
Fair enough.
Which, oh, everybody's gonna be hearing about that later, because it's Konami and damn it, I say so.
Okay. Do we have any other FUs of the Week in the house?
Um, next.
Let's move on to Dave. Oh, Loki's next. Yes, Loki! Oh, wait, I gotta find Loki's music.
LOKI'S MUSIC!
my website. Yeah, so, uh, F you to my stupid headache. And also F you to the stupid movie
Transporter. God damn it, that movie is the dumbest thing I've ever seen. It is a waste
of your time. Seriously, it doesn't have any redeeming parts of it at all. It's just crap.
Crap Disguise is like a good action movie. And also, uh, uh, actually another F you to
into a movie that's going to be coming out. Extreme Ops. Extreme Sports and Spies do
not mix. Stop trying to do that. What was Triple X? It was Vin Diesel. Oh, he's a beef
cake, so it's okay. It was, hey, this is Fast and the Fierce as a spy. That's what it was.
Extreme Ops is a... It's a bald James Bond. Extreme Ops, they're like... A bald, fat
James Bond. These people happen to go up to this, like, lodge, and, oh, there happens
it be a terrorist base in this lodge? Who would've thought that there's a terrorist base in this lodge? Wow, what are the odds of that? Oh, it's one of the most notorious criminals, too. Ooh, who would've thought that? What are the odds of that happening? Sorry, could you repeat that for our audience?
I'm sorry, were you finished?
Uh, yes I'm finished.
Dave's turn!
Is this my music?
Okay, I don't really have much of a fuck you.
for being really long
oh it's giants are one
in the fourth ending was giants one angels four
this is not sports talk this is beymani get on with the fuck yous
yeah on with the fuck yous
fuck you weekdays for having five of them compared to only two weekend days
because weekends are cool
and weekdays are shit because there is school or work for whoever has work
you know what
and all of you people in japan are lucky because women get one p m s day a month
to call in sick
we need that in america
so that i don't have to picture people at work and i can stay at home and bitch
okay that's it
uh... no i get one
i get one
my fuck you the week
is the fact that drinking inhibits one's abilities to drive.
No, I didn't do anything stupid.
But last night I went out to the local bar, the local number one bar,
and I was the designated driver.
And my two friends I was with were the designated drunks.
When I'm drunk I have a lot more fun, but no, I have to drive, so I can't do any drinking.
i didn't stop me from having a uh... pebble shot we first got there which by
the way is uh... red bull mixed with malibu very good stress and i'm
but of course is out there for four hours was the color of death
and it smells like pussy what's your point
okay
so uh...
it took uh... it we were there for four hours so i was ready to agree that
template and get out of the system of a two friends
when they get very drunk they're bold as hell is just you know i have a lot of
fun a lot a lot of fun and uh... i uh...
I had fun, but I was just kind of just sitting there, kind of, yeah, I'm the driver.
Wee.
But my costume owned.
I don't know if you guys saw my costume, did you see my costume on my journal?
I saw that, that was pretty cool, it was a milk box with the missing and then it went
on your head.
Yeah, so it was a big hat, it was a big milk cart and it says missing and it has my head
in it.
And I'm sure somebody will post a picture in the chat room, somebody will post a link
to the picture of my Halloween costume.
I just had 24 traffic covers fresh on me.
So my FU is towards DUIs.
Do people need to come and help me make my costume?
Cause I've been lazy. I've had the stuff to make my costume now.
For what? A month?
I haven't made it. So fuck my costume.
Let's get to the chatroom FUs.
JB says, FU to nobody buying me the new Jenny Rom single, Ika Uka.
Actually, I don't know if that's new. I just said it was.
f you to his math book for having a Spanish glossary or whatever. It made him mad because I couldn't find the English one.
SoCalKick says, Fuck you Weekend for being boring as fuck and Funk you Sky for superliminally making me expose myself.
He exposed himself in the chatroom.
He pulled down his pants and made us cry.
Twen says, FU did his arcade for having to send the DDR boards and kit to some guy to get it upgraded to Max 2.
FU to never being able to get on early enough because of his damn mother.
FU to GJ Bad Sight for going completely down for the past two days.
He has a super secret message for Loki, and then F you to people who watch baseball.
Actually, DJ Bad's site isn't down.
Just the download section is.
He has his Geocities site still up, though.
And I don't watch baseball. My parents do, and they're all like,
Yeah, it's 4 to 1 Angels, or whatever. Actually, they like the guys.
Anyway, that's not the point. The point is I don't watch it.
But Loki seems to like it.
Can I continue?
Fuck! I just typed, yay, this porno is almost done downloading to this chick I like.
Fucking wrong instant message windows. Ugh, I've so ruined my chances with her.
That's why you say, ha ha ha ha, that was funny.
That's a ha ha joke.
Want to come over and watch?
That's like that cable, or what was it, that beer commercial or something like that where the woman comes over.
Hey, is this the adult channel?
Well, I guess it is.
And then they advertise the beer or something like that.
Why is that a bad thing?
Because we have to choose.
That's true. You have to choose.
Okay.
I want the boy kind.
Dude, that'd be cool.
Dude, I don't...
Transforming.
Hello Kitty.
Dude, you win.
Dude, anyway.
And BlackLap says,
F you, number one, to fuck this 1600 award paper that is due tomorrow that he hasn't started on yet.
Whoops.
Fuck his roommate for missing his train at 8 a.m. Saturday,
thus ruining his chances for a peaceful weekend to myself.
Fuck his roommate again for bringing home some girl last night and making out until all
hours of the morning while I was still in the room.
Yeah, you don't do that shit with your roommate in there.
And you don't do that shit with your roommate.
I lived in a dorm room, hello.
You do not have people over making out in the dorm room when your roommate is there.
you pay your roommates to go play at the arcade unless he's really hot and swings that way
you still go somewhere else to make out
it's courteous
i don't want to listen to two people
sucking on each other unless i'm allowed to participate
you know you feel left out
scorecard
blacklads fus are always fun
and uh... fuck shitty Verizon brand phones for sucking ass and shitting off
at random, oh, shutting off
he left out a vowel so I put in my own
and shitting off at random times and not hold
that's it, he got cut off
his rise of phone come on
that's it that's all the chair met the other area
i want to get a certain economy
come on everybody
you know it's get up and do the catch-up song dance knowing
no
you know i actually have i have a happy if i can't
all you do we have a happy happy
let's see any happens again special
i need happy music what's happy music
no i'm not doing it's because if you have
uh...
teaches her
and go ahead start up to the music i would dare
nintendo has gone and done it again
i am once again addicted to one of their products
let's hear it for animal crossing
i have been coming home
worrying about my virtual mortgage and how the hell i'm going to pay it off
with fish and bugs
Tom Nook is an asshole, and I want Mallory to move out of my village.
The fucking duck bitch needs to move, and I hate that bitch Phyllis at night in the post office.
Oh my god, she just needs to-
They need to gut her.
Just do her over an open fire.
You're talking about a video game, might I remind you? Yes, I am.
And dammit,
Lobo is cool, because he's a big wolf, and he's up until three in the morning.
But, fuck you Nintendo, and thank you.
I love Animal Crossing, and I hate you bitches.
But I need to play more Kingdom Hearts 2.
Where have you been?
Rob, yeah, fuck you, because you gave away your TVX controller for a night, so I couldn't
play it.
I honest probably-
I always go in like 45 minutes into the show and play for about half an hour or 45 minutes.
Yeah, like I have like $250, $300, I don't know.
Dude, the controllers, you get them from 89 now.
My next fuck you is, my fuck you goes to money, because I don't have enough money.
I need more money because I can't afford a GameCube and I can't get Animal Crossing.
And Jamie tells me how much fun it is and I get to see how she has all her cute little
shirts and stuff and I can't play because I'm poor.
He gets to listen to me yell at Mallory because she's a stupid bitch and yell at all the people.
And then I did design the coolest outfit and it was inspired by my gothic and lolita bible.
But anyway, um, I just had a silent moment. Thank you, Rob.
You're welcome.
Rob totally broke my concentration. Blame him for the train wreck. Fuck you, Rob.
So when are you going to do your random shows?
Okay, I'll buy you more orange balls.
Oh yes, thank you, Jamie, for buying me big orange balls. I appreciate that.
Big fluffy orange balls.
I have some big fluffy squishy orange balls and I put them in my mouth before the show.
Yes, he did but I didn't watch because I had cupcakes and I had snowballs so you perverts can you know
Why do they call them snowball?
Did you spit them into your girlfriend's mouth
Yay random
Go watch clerks all of you right now you poor deprived people
I see my buddy Travis joining the chat room, so I want to say hello.
I'm glad you're listening.
That's so cool.
I hope everything's going good for you in Texas.
This is for you.
The stars at night shine big and bright, deep in the heart of Texas.
That's the second Pee Wee reference I made tonight.
That's pretty scary.
When I yelled at the people across the street.
Yes, the people across the street, by the way, have been quiet, because the thing is,
I would have been inspired again by Animal Crossing, by taking my axe and treating them
like a tree, and cutting them down.
Are you saying that you would have chopped up their booty?
Yes, the word of the night is booty.
Anything associated with the booty, we say the ass, we say my baby mama.
i could ask you what the word of the day is again okay
anyway that is the word of the evening is
although the raving was pretty fun
tell us what was that remix we heard right before the show started that uh...
mix of
I went home after the rave show and decided, you know what, I don't have this song on my
computer and I kind of want it.
So I went on Kazalite, yay, because it's the only thing that will work with my firewall,
and I went downloading one that was called Children of the Sandstorm, and it was a mix
of children and sandstorm, as the name implies.
cool but it's very well done it's very nice yes I actually like it better than
the other versions of the song so speaking of sandstorm DDR max USA coming
out this week it's tentatively Tuesday from what I am telling game stops are
getting there we're hearing Monday Tuesday we're hearing all sorts of days
basically an open demo in my purse and I mean shipping it out this week and
whenever the stores get it they get it and then your grubby little hands can go
buy it you know we could do during one of the later breaks what I put in my
you know it's it's that's it's the demo you guys the same demo but it's safe to
act right see it huh have you played that I haven't I haven't seen I played
that I have the PlayStation magazine demo yeah I saw the demo to see you got
it's pretty cool we can go out and hook it up we'll do that during one of the
breaks huh basically well it's the newer version of the demo because I guess what
happened is that the original PlayStation magazine demo was actually
an older version of the demo and the arrows were all miss synced on two of
The songs, isn't that nice?
I was led to believe that that one actually has a little bit more on it since it's just
a demo disc.
No, we can go plug it in.
Just DDR Max.
We can go plug it in and see what happens.
But lots of stuff on DDR Max USA, they just revealed this week, Electronic Gaming Monthly
spilled the beans in their review that there is in fact an Oni mode in DDR Max USA.
I think this is a really weird thing to have in a home version because most people haven't
spent a hundred bucks on a ignition pad and most people don't have metal pads
most people are playing with those ghetto little pads either you know the
the what do they call them the beat stage pads or what are those things
called the ghetto ones you can buy at Fry's what are those called the ass pad
I don't know the ass pad you can buy these ass pads that's what most people
play with
uh... internet access
uh...
if the market show them to get that done
did their both only surprise
people by these booty s pads of fries
Anyway, you play Oni mode on these really crappy pads, you're going to be halfway across
the room by the time you finish, and there's no way you're going to be able to keep, you're
not even going to be able to pass that, like, dumbed down for Americans Oni, the lesson
Oni or whatever it's called, you're not even going to be able to pass that on most normal
home pads.
So it seems very odd to me.
I thought they'd do non-stops.
I thought we'd have non-stops, but I didn't think we'd have Oni.
I have to admit I'm surprised.
Well this is what we have on the back of the demo, though, for the DDR Max.
Okay!
From one of the images that has screen capture of the select list, we have Healing Vision
Insertion Let the Beat Hit Em, Look to the Sky, Love Again Tonight, Midnight Blaze, Paranoia
Evolution, Orion 78, this is over 70 songs.
Yes, over 70 songs.
From what I understand, both are in there.
But that's just what's on the back of here, for all the people who were, well I'm actually
reading a screen capture off the back of this.
So those are just a few of the ones that I'm assuming this is taken from the working version.
Let me see.
I'm just reading this, let's see.
Revolutionary to the Max.
The evolution of the revolution is here with DDR Max Dance Dance Revolution.
Get ready to experience maximum dancing with all new songs and game modes, high energy
pulsating music, and stunning graphics.
The ultimate dancing game is now revolutionary to the max.
Dear Diary, that guy who wanted to be just like his sick was reading the back of the
American version of Dance Stats Revolution.
Just listening to his voice makes me all excited in special places.
Love, Mauki.
Yeah I'm reading that little mini song list they have on the back.
This pretty much spoils half the list there.
There's the Orion 7-8 Civ mix.
So this just kind of confirms some more songs for you.
Actually I think I've seen that screenshot before about a couple weeks ago.
But we can also check that out during one of the breaks and see what's available on the demo.
One thing, though, that I did note is that the demo disc is one of the blue CDs, which means it's not DVD.
If the last release of Max is any indication, the one that came out for PS2 in Japan, it's also on a CD.
So I'm sort of thinking that the new one's not going to be on a DVD.
So we may be seeing video sacrifices.
I'm not sure.
Rob, I think it's going to be on DVD.
Rob, I think that you should do the intro and be the announcer for the DDR Max, because you read a lot better than the announcer right now.
Hey, Konami, if you're out there listening, I want to be the new announcer, so send me a letter or something. Shoot me an email.
They should just get the guy from Ridge Racer to do it, because he sounds like the original announcer anyway.
Send us an email, orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com
I've got everything on camera so you can watch it again. You're the greatest.
SoCalKicks is stamping his foot and insisting the DDR Max USA is on a DVD. It's confirmed, whatever that means.
whatever that means they need to get uh... bobcat uh...
bobcat goldthwaite yes
the best ddr announcer
and i think you fucked up
is that
you mean it
uh... and the fact that
who else is a good topic who else would be a good ddr announcer
still can't be
you can't
lady at it have a quick pop
without the email and answers
charo
kitty
it's not a pro
oh my god that is
that dated you right there and that's like
hollywood squares from the eighties is the only thing i ever remember seeing
charle from jen rivers
old jon rivers i'll be the best
Oh my god, oh my god, can we talk? You're dancing? It's fucking awful.
Oh my god. Talk to my daughter, Melissa.
What are those shoes? You're wearing
shoes with fire on them.
Dude, my shoes kick ass. Don't talk about my burning feet.
I can just imagine the various other
announcers, like, you know, like
Paulie Shore, or Keanu Reeves, or Mike Myers doing the coffee talk lady.
You're dancing there?
You're dancing?
No.
Now I'm eclipsed.
Here's the topic.
Here's the song.
Dance Dance Revolution is neither dancing nor revolution, discussed.
It would work.
Oh my God.
Call me up and talk about it.
It's 555-4444.
You're dancing?
We'll talk no big whoop.
It's like butter.
You know, this song here.
Why don't you dance to this Barbara song?
I hope Bob would do it.
Black Lab suggests Carrot Top.
Oh my god!
Down, down the center!
Yes, down the center!
Mr. T, I pity the food and don't play DDR.
And who else would we have?
Who else does a good one?
How about the movie guy?
The guy that does all the voice...
Mr. Movie Phone.
Oh!
Who had Mr. Movie Phone?
Hello!
And thank you for playing DDR!
If you would like to play, let them move! Press one now!
Nobody presses one!
This song is rated R for Language and Nudity!
The only person who presses one would be...
I'm doing the copy guy.
I'm just going to do the copy guy.
Alright! D.D.R.
D.D.R. Making copies.
Anyway, that was pretty funny.
There's still more. I know there's more.
Okay.
Roseanne could be the female announcer.
I can't even do Roseanne right now. I'm too strong.
wrong with your dance? You suck. You dance like you're fat. No, Margaret chose mom. Margaret
chose mom. Hold on! Louie Anderson. Your dancing is gay, but I'm not gay, I swear. Okay. I
can't do it as good as Travis does. If I try to do Louie Anderson, I feel like I have to
to throw back to him because he's the ultimate in Louie Anderson impersonating.
Ms. Cleo! Yes, thank you!
Oh, don't you know you get the first three minutes of Dancing Paws free? It's in the cards, it's in the cards.
But you have to pay in advance.
And send me all your money.
Because I don't read tarot cards. I read data bills.
Does Tarot have any suggestions?
No, but DSCS says everyone go to Fry's because they have Max USA early.
Well, poopy on Fry's. Too bad I already spent
five bucks pre-ordering it somewhere else yes thank you and all of you people
who did not reserve your copy at my fiance's game stop poopy on you
unless you don't live in town
they have it out right now
now everybody's going to run over there crap on that maybe they have it but that
doesn't mean they're out on the shelves
along with AT&T whose logo is the death star
ooh i get a sampler CD i can see what new crap's coming out on playstation
anyway
at the sampler set cd doesn't have animal crossing a metroid prime
i don't want to hear about it did metroid prime okay
forget their money for a second
jamie hates first-person shooters and i love metroid prime thank you
and if they understand
metroid pride is the best
godly beautiful looking first-person shooter
tell us more about it
like what is it
that's right what do you do why is it why do you want to introduce shit
and readiness
is it like to
kind of the instead of that and like to do it doesn't suck
and the okay here's my
sort of like you because it really pissed me off last night it's kind of a
cool thing okay
contra shattered soldier it's related because it's coming okay
so i can talk about it
against his fucking disgusting looking
I walked downstairs with this blaring headache to watch them play the game
and they're beating this bloody turtle
up with these guns, they're shooting it to death
then the head falls off, the thing turns around and it has this fetus face coming out of its ass
I kid you not
Alright, for anybody who's ever played
Vampire Savior
and knows the
the fetus of god level
the face looks like the fetus from the fetus of god level of Vampire Savior
do doesn't suck i think that's a good sign i'm sorry so you said do suck so
sex now
uh... yet do sucks now
the head of the design back and remember when he used to call in the bd s is he
could play four-player doom out today
yeah i was thinking
well back to contract
yes i want to hear more about fetus ass babies
It's a big turtle with a fetus growing out of its ass.
You mean it's coming out of its booty?
It vomits fire on you.
Yo, we're going to go down and play Contra.
We're going to shoot some shit up.
There's this other shape that looks like it's inside of some type of muscle cavity
that looks like it has sinews growing out of the top and bottom.
It looks like the inside of skin, and it's dripping blood everywhere.
That game is fucking disgusting, okay?
And look, he's doing the happy pee-pee dance.
Do you need us to go to break?
The problem is, you know, with all these good games out,
I'm going to be spending about $150 on games this week.
And then the fact that I'm not going to work this week to play all these games, that's...
You will get your chance to play Contra later.
He's going yay.
I don't know. I think the last good Contra I remember was the one that was on Super Nintendo, because didn't they release ones on PlayStation that really sucked?
Yeah, and the one on Genesis, though, it was a decent game, but it was really hard. Although the first Contra, this is what's kind of funny. The first Contra, you know, the palm trees in the first stage? On the Japanese version, they were animated and the game had an intro. It was pretty neat.
You know what really has me torn is that this week there's a couple of new albums coming out.
There's the new Tori Amos albums coming out.
Yes, everybody loves Tori Amos.
I love being female.
Especially me. I can't wait. I get to hear 20 more songs about somebody's vagina.
No, I'm just kidding. She doesn't sing about her vagina.
But most people assume that.
But she says, eat my pussy.
That's true. There is that recording I have where she told some guy at a concert to eat her pussy.
And then God, what else comes out this week? I think there's another big album coming out, I can't remember.
I never keep up with that. I'm busy stuck on my computer and playing DDR. Because I play to DDR.
That new Dance Mania album? I don't know. I think it came out on Friday, actually.
The inside of this is blue. With meat fire on it.
I'm looking in the inside of my demo disc case because I finally opened it and I've had it for two weeks.
You're just now looking at it?
Yes.
Well, supposedly they ripped it out of the promo.
Oh, I remembered what CD was coming out this week.
What?
No!
uh...
uh...
okay i need to go vomit so we're going to break right now
all right i'm going to regurgitate brought shoes
i'm gonna get my ass beat during this next break
uh... you said it
well you know i'm going to get my booty
Alright, we're going to go to break. I'm going to start this break with something that Dave's
been begging me to play all night long. And it's going to make Jamie cry, but as long
as we're on her bad side, hey. This song makes both me and Duran Duran cry. Hello.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
I came in from the rainy first day on the other night
Thought I heard you talking so fast I sit on the light of TV and you're waiting
alone Still I can't escape the doorstep of you
What has been through it all, crazy some say
Where is the life that I recognize
Gone away
But I won't cry till yesterday
There's an ordinary world
Somehow I have to find
And as I try to make my way to the ordinary world I will learn to survive
upbeat music
upbeat music
upbeat music
upbeat music
upbeat music
I don't wanna say I'm sorry
Cause I know there's nothing wrong
Don't be afraid, there's no need to worry
Cause my feelings for you are still strong
Hold me in your arms
And never let me go
Hold me in your arms, cause I need you so
I can see it in your eyes
There's something, something you wanna tell me
I see it in your eyes
There's something, that you hide from me
Is there a reason why?
There's something, something you wanna tell me
I see it in your eyes There's something that you hide from me
i don't wanna say i'm sorry cause i know there's nothing wrong
Don't be afraid, there's no need to worry
Cause my feelings for you are still strong
Hold me in your arms
Hold me in your arms
And never let me go
Hold me in your arms
Could not need you so I can see it in your eyes
There is something, something you wanna tell me
See it in your eyes, there is something Set you high for me
Is there a reason why, there is something Something you wanna tell me
Tell me I see it in your eyes There's something there to hide from me
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Go, let's go, right, go, pick up, let's go, let's go, right, go, there!
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And Jamie's throwing a fit because...
They're raping my demo.
There were no new songs in the demo, hadn't been in the old demo, which kind of...
But they're synced.
They are synced.
In sync.
They are in sync.
In sync.
Bye, bye, bye.
No, I have names for them.
It's Instinct and 98.
Me and Dave are back there trying to see if they can get Max 300 in the demo, which I
told them they wouldn't be able to.
And?
No.
I knew it.
I knew it too.
I thought they were walking.
What can you do?
Are you playing with a ferret?
Oh, I'm supposed to talk about...
Crap!
Booty.
What?
Booty?
Booty.
Gimme my demo, bitch.
you
and
I was supposed to talk about what I got showed you guys during the very opening
break in the show up
SoCal kicks is helping us work on a new website
and I showed it off to everybody in the room during the first break
and it's pretty so far
so we can't wait to see the finished product so hurry up
I love getting other people to do work for me
thank you
I take back my fuck you, by the way.
Give me a dollar.
Let's see.
I'm checking little private messages here to see what's going on.
I sent somebody a letter in Animal Crossing that said, give me a dollar.
And they said it was the best letter that I ever wrote.
I also wrote another one that said, I like cheese.
You cannot eat cheese because you are a robot.
But you can cut it just fine.
And they also said that it was a wonderful letter.
It was moving.
Yes, it was.
It was like a bowel movement.
i'm sorry
dave i'm supposed to give you a special hello from right right she's listening
right now
yes i feel like she's still
uh... let's see
what else is there to talk about today any
well let's do
assume update promote the let's hear all about
what's going on in the same world
uh... nothing
i know there's a lot going on
yet that's that's going on out
well start the obvious stuff that's that mean
no ferrets
are part of that
okay anyways uh... steady at three finalists finally been released
so everyone go enjoy that they have
of course uh... prepare support and he did answer support and coming up support
So it's just a bit more than just DDR, so go try that.
And their editor kicks ass.
They use it for everything.
Aside from that, let's see here.
DJ Bad's site is, of course, down at the moment.
Actually, it's because Music Gaming Zone's site is down.
Because he was using them as an affiliate, he's down as well.
So not too bad for that, because I needed the files.
But also, there's also my site.
And if anyone has been reading any of the boards lately,
I've announced that I'm doing a project where
I'm making a DWI for every single BeatMania 2DX song
out there.
So that started off pretty good so far.
I've been averaging about one song a day.
Right now I've got three of my originals up on my site.
I've got Love Is Orange, The Sound of Goodbye,
and of course another one for Sakura.
I have one of those.
Plus, I'm hosting some files for other people.
I've got a VJ Army by Moogle Hunter.
And there's a couple other files up there.
So go check it out.
It's www.leechfromloki.tk.
So go check that out.
It's pretty awesome.
Yeah, good shit.
Other than that, really not too much going on.
There's about 4 billion files out there for Sacros.
So if you don't like mine, go play someone else's.
Pretty much it, man.
Go play someone else's.
You don't like my stuff? Too bad.
Exactly. Other than that, you know, DDRPC, they released a nice Halloween-themed set of characters.
They have one guy...
Hey, I like the one character that looks like Jack from...
They're cool, but just DDRPC is kind of...
All right. DDRPC sucks ass.
The only reason I play DDRPC is because of the characters.
The only one that anyone really pays attention to is the last one.
Pantless Rage.
But if they had pantless rage, I'm sure it would get everyone's attention.
And three-titted Emmy, was it?
Three-titted Emmy and pantless rage.
Yeah.
From a long time ago.
How long ago was that?
Episode number seven.
Pretty sad I know that, huh?
Black Lab would like to hear from the ferret.
It says we need to give the ferret some air time, so go for it.
That was the ferret.
And now Jamie and I have something else to get out of our system.
We're looking at a picture of the guy I used to host under station live with, Travis, moved
to Texas.
Jenna's in the picture.
It's so cute!
I'm so happy.
Oh, it's so cute.
It's so cute.
Twen, no.
No four-titted sky.
Jesus.
What?
Oh, God, no.
But the ferret likes the idea of your...
How do we get that squealing out of our system?
JB says, oh, I don't know if I'm allowed to say this,
but I'm going to.
He's working on the graphics officially
for StepMania's PPP mode.
Winner.
Some local input.
Winner.
Para Para is cool.
Then we can finally do a Para Para to stuff like my baby mama.
Actually, that's one cool thing about the Para Para support
is it has the drivers built in for the actual controller.
So if you have a Para Para controller out there.
Which I do not.
And a USB port, you just plug it in and it works.
I have one.
So it's awesome.
Plug it in, in, in, in.
So yeah, look for that.
I bought it from George.
Go download it now.
I know it sometimes.
And oh yeah, DWI, well, they're still at version 2.03.
They've been at 2.03 for like months now.
I think DWI is dead.
We don't know.
They could come out of nowhere and then all of a sudden,
you know, it could be DWI extreme.
They're playing catch-up right now.
it's pretty bad ketchup they're playing ketchup no I'm not gonna play the
ketchup song do the dance near little mine Dave exactly speaking of DDR
extreme any other news new news that we're finding out about that I know
there were some pictures that came out and basically it just looks like max 3
so I have no idea why they'd bother to change the name for anyone who has a
live journal and is interested. There are people who are giving random updates now and
again on live journal community Beymani. Actually, I haven't seen many on the DVR live journal
community, but they have been doing updates on the Beymani community. There's been images
posted recently, so you might want to check it out.
It's just Max 3, isn't it? What's so extreme about it?
They're coming out, they're bringing back a lot of old songs that I've noticed, as well as a bunch of really good ones.
The whole thing is that they're just starting a new engine. That's just what it is. They're just changing names!
Max was a new engine!
Yeah, Max was a new engine. I mean, it was Max and Max 2, now Max 3.
So they're still tweaking it?
Max was a new engine. It had the full motion video, it had the freeze arrows, it was different enough to be a name.
So what is it going to do?
Who is extremely not different?
Vibrate or something?
Going to give you happy Joy Joy feelings?
It's green.
Dual Shock Dance Pad.
It's going to give you happy Joy Joy feelings in the special places.
The only real announcements that they made is a few of the songs that were only in the only modes are playable.
Like Jet World, that was one of them.
At least one hundred seconds.
That's cool.
What's so extreme? I still don't get it. From the pictures I've seen, there's nothing extreme
about it. Max 3.
Whenever they come out with a game series and they release an extreme version, he says
that means that it's the nail in the coffin. And you know, from what I've been hearing,
DDR is a dying game.
DDR is dying. But as I told Dan, lately it's been that if it's the last one, it's going
to be the final, so I don't think this is DDR the final yet. Nope, not yet. I don't
think it's the last one either. I don't think they've milked every single cent out of it
they can yet. And with Max coming out in the USA being pretty much, agreeably, the best
home release on any system yet, Matt's hand shot up in the air. Actually, I was just going
I want to mention something that you're mentioning, Max and stuff, and kind of DDR becoming more well-known and stuff.
On Thursday, Halloween, okay, they're going to have, actually it's going to be on CBS This Morning.
I think it's like the morning show, CBS Morning Show.
They're going to have from 7 to 9 p.m., or a.m., I'm sorry.
Morning, hello.
Yes, they're going to be doing exhibitions for DDR on the show live, and they're going to be covering it throughout the whole show, which will get a lot of publicity, at least out there.
That's in New York, otherwise that would be fun to go to.
That means there's only going to be like five people who play good.
I don't know, there's a pretty good...
You're nice.
No, actually there is a pretty good DDR community in New York, and I found this out after you know having to
Keep an eye on the New York
Thread for a while, but you know yes
I've actually seen a few of the people from New York play at least in videos and things and there's a pretty good crowd there
So I'd really look forward to seeing that wasn't somebody from here flying out there or is that happening or?
I thought it was DJ 8-Ball that's going out there. Aren't they going to have to letterbox as you go?
No comment.
Oh, I'm sorry. Was that my outside voice? I'm sorry. Anyway.
That's not nice. We're a nice, friendly radio station, God damn it. Aren't we?
We're fucking wonderful people! We're nice, caring, wonderful, goddamn people!
And you love us! Worship us!
Ah, Black Lab says nobody Jen will be there.
Yes, she's a member of RTF.
I haven't met her, but I've heard very good things about her.
Yes.
Cool.
Except there's parts of her... I'm not going to comment on that, because I commented on that during...
When we made a suggestions for what would be scored on in the shaft journey, okay?
I'm sorry, but and she's really good for freestyle
But how is it going to score you points with judges by grabbing your boobs, okay?
As part of a routine I'd like to make a comment on that
Give me that microphone that you are not a host to give me the microphone that heavily weighs on score
I believe, man.
That is, grabbing one's boobs is not a show of talent.
If I grab my boob in the middle of a freestyle routine, will you give me a hundred?
Now I said it didn't count for you.
It might count against you, but I said it scores heavily, depending.
What if my boobs aren't very heavily?
A person should be judged on how well they perform, not grabbing your boob.
Hey, that's performance.
Yeah, maybe in a strip club.
But then like all the cheerleaders on the NFL teams and all the professional sports...
They're all sluts anyway.
But what if you grab your boobs on mirror mode? Then you're really fucked.
You remember the whole mirror thing?
You know, I believe that was, a year ago today was SCAT. October 27th, right?
Yes, it was.
Yes, a year ago today.
We are having our show on the anniversary of the sacramental cosplay and tournament
where we had four people cosplay.
But they were all very good.
Yes.
We had Ryan running around in his Afro Nova costume.
And it was funny because Ryan didn't even try to enter.
He just happened to dress up like the guy from Afro Nova.
And then he's like, hey, wait, cosplay?
I'll enter.
I like his routine too.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.
And we had
Who else was there Fiona
Dr. Hikaru
Because we're nice. We're not going to comment on
Yeah, great cosplay. Wonderful. Milia costume. Milia raised from Guilty Gear X
we had
Jossie in her
her petite carat her putico outfit and
And then we had, of course, Ryan Zafrenova costume, and then we had Satsuki as Devil
Zuki, who Travis interviewed for that.
That was hilarious.
That was hilarious.
Oh, shit!
I need to get...
I'm going to get those interviews from him and play them on this show sometime.
I hope you're listening, Travis.
I really, really, really want those interviews.
You know, please, I know you want to give them to me now.
It's great.
With sprinkles on top.
Sprinkles on top.
I don't want sprinkles online.
Those interviews were hilarious.
I want them very bad. That's a bummer about him being in Texas, too, is now he can't do
our Shaft interviews. But that's okay, because we're going to have Orange Lounge, hopefully,
streaming all day long. Oops. Oops. Yeah. It was funny, because I remember he gave a
little sex quiz to all the people that he interviewed, except Dr. Hikaru, because he
was scared of what she might answer as, for some of the answers in the game. Yes, please.
No, we are not here. Like I said, we are nice, god damn it, and we are going to behave.
We are fucking wonderful people.
We're going to behave like degenerates.
Next, please.
So, anyway, I guess...
Travis wants to know what the hell I'm talking about.
I think he just heard me say his name and he suddenly woke up.
Since we're on the tournament discussion subject, though...
Yes.
Everyone, go to sackbamani.com, click on the link for SHAFT, go get some SHAFT, and there
is the information about Sackbamani hosts another fabulous tournament, or as we like
to say, Sackbamani hosts another fucking tournament, but you know, we're nice, so it's a fabulous
tournament, with lots of prizes thanks to Loki.
Your prize is a scat, or I'm sorry, a shaft.
Almost everybody's walking home with something.
You know, we go to so many tournaments and people are always like, well the same people
always win.
Well, if you show up, everybody's a winner.
Just about.
We'll also play as last.
We are also assuming everything works out properly.
We are going to have a demo of DDR Max, the USA one.
We are also, you know, we've been having these meetings.
Basically the tournament is in two weeks.
We're having, I've talked to a couple of people who are coming from out of state, which is
going to be good.
We're going to have a big turnout for this.
You know, Scandia has really been wonderful in helping us.
We're having a bake sale.
If you want to contribute to the bake sale, bring us your, you know.
I'm making arrow cookies for the bake sale.
We need fro cookies too.
And afro cookies.
We need the afro cookies.
and you know, we have Rice Krispie treats with, you know, little beat mania...
We're gonna have beat mania bars.
Yeah, we'll have beat mania bars and, you know, if anybody wants to
wants to be in on the fun, you know, bring us your... We should like
get pineapple and cut them into arrows and then we can have some fruity paras.
Oh. Ha ha ha ha.
You know, just bring it, you know, bake something and bring it. We'll sell it.
You know, basically this is gonna help, you know,
We're going to cover part of what we're doing for you guys.
Also, we're coming up with a few more ideas for special prizes and drawings.
Orange Lounge is going to be donating a prize.
It's going to be an orange pack with all your orange needs.
Including the possibility of an orange lounge.
Yes, we're looking into that, seeing if we can get that to happen, an orange lounge share.
We're trying to make that happen.
The tournament is going to be big, you know, for any of you who can't afford to fly out
from whatever country or podunk county you live in, feel free to.
We like company.
You can take a plane, you can take a train, you can take a bus, you can take a boat, you
can walk, and if you're walking, leave now.
And if you happen to be a paraplegic, you can squirm a quadruple amputee.
You can roll.
Yeah, come on down.
You can skateboard.
I have no thanks.
I don't know that anyone else has seen that movie.
It's a really random one. Anyway.
DJ Morpheus says,
Every tenth person there can get a free bottle of kaboom!
Winner!
Alright! Kaboom! The new orange!
Dude, I'm going to put that in the orange.
Thank you for the idea.
We need to get little red bouncy balls and give them out as happy fun ball.
It's fun! It's happy fun ball!
We're gonna give bouncy balls.
We're going to give you balls.
They didn't even come to the tournament, because I say so.
Come or die.
Skate or die!
That's dating you now.
You know, I had my Charo reference.
Alright, we're gonna take a break.
What are we gonna do? Are we gonna talk about something else?
Are we gonna do a list list? What do you want? List list for what?
We'll think of something. We'll think of something. Okay this might be a long break while we think of
what list list we're gonna do, but a surprise list list when we come back.
I'm actually looking here on Orangelan's radio. I'm actually looking for a song
to play. Play something. Anything. Like Kachaka.
Oh Kachaka. I don't have Kachaka dammit.
We're all hopelessly addicted to kachaka, even those of us who haven't been able to pass it yet.
I'm looking for at least 100 seconds, I can't find it.
Because it said we played it at this break.
Shit.
I know what we can play.
Let's play the song.
Let's play something that we played on Friday night's fucked up show.
We're not playing dirty.
No, we're not playing dirty.
And we'll play...
Kachaka.
I don't have kachaka!
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo we'll play some other shit. Enjoy.
I'm just walking down with my walkie-talkie, walkie-talkie, walkie-talkie.
You can feel my love in my walkie-talkie Walkie-talkie, walkie-talkie, baby
Don't let go, that's my walkie-talkie Walkie-talkie, walkie-talkie
Every time you say you get in my mind
I'll be your, I'll be your, I'll be your Family wedding
When's the next time that we're going to take out the remote kit and tape some shit?
I guess shaft really.
Hopefully, if it all goes well...
We're gonna be doing the whole day.
Orange Lounge call broadcast is going to be broadcast straight from the Scandia Golf Course all day
For those of you guys that can't make it...
And we'll also rebroadcast it for those of you guys that are there
I wanna hear it later. We'll rebroadcast it at some point.
At least in bits and pieces.
What do you mean the whole day?
We're going to be broadcasting the tournament all day.
I thought you meant like just having a normal show next week all day.
That was weird.
And since Jamie and I are going to kind of be busy with tournament stuff, I'm going to be out there doing a lot of the MC stuff and Jamie's going to be running around like a chicken with her head cut off.
We should have junior hosts.
I'll only be able to get on the stream.
We'll call them our cupcakes.
Yes, our cupcakes.
Tal will be MCing some of it and I'll be in the, oh he might be?
I don't know what's going on.
what's going on whatever from what I'm told I'll be doing part of it or
something well depending on what's going on and I can get on the stream while
that's going on do some interviews and in the meantime we'll probably get Loki
on there some of your some familiar faces have been on the show in the past
maybe Brad and Irene will be doing some interviews okay here I face some
familiar voices that yes we'll be doing all the interview silhouette of my mind
Alright, list list, let's talk about list list, shall we?
Everybody knows what list list is, let's just go to it, no I'm kidding.
This list list is basically best song that is in a DDR third mix or third Korean machine.
But not second or first.
So not second mix, we're leaving it to third mix.
Something that came from some sort of third mix.
And we are basically leaving it at that so that in the future we can have second mix
as an option, and fourth mix as an option, et cetera.
So let's start with the most special person in the room, me.
If you want to contribute to List List,
basically we're going to name our top three best third mix stuff.
And then we'll have a big list.
And then each one of us gets to remove an unworthy song from the list.
And then the chat room gets to decide on the final list.
Yes?
And if anyone says Dynamite Rave, they get punched.
Don't punch!
Don't punch!
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm waiting to give the rob back, the mic back to Rob.
We'll let, we'll let Rob start.
I'm here.
Wait, why do I have to start?
Because I said so.
I guess because I never start, huh?
No.
Oh, I'm also supposed to give a really quick announcement before I, because I'm cleaning
out my PM windows and interpretation list list.
23rd Magus wants any locals in Sacramento or Bay Area, I guess, to go to Scandia and
bring your costumes.
I don't know if there's going to be a contest or anything, but I'm just supposed to give
song that I did on double. It was a four actually, but I failed.
Oh okay.
Actually I failed it the first time I ever played it.
Yeah. This is tough. I've got like six choices. Okay, I'll go with the Boom Boom Dollar KOG
mix.
Boom, boom, boom, boom.
Because that's cool. And the trick one is really cool.
KOG. Whatever. Oh, okay.
Oh, sorry. KOG. Oh, God.
Big fucking deal. All right. Yes, Loki your number three choice
It's gotta be do it all night. Do it all night. Oh, yeah
I'm glad you put that on your list because I didn't
My number three save the save the best for last ladies. Last is space face
Awesome song face is pretty fucking cool
My number two pick for best song on a third mix machine, If You Can Say Good-Bye.
That's a good song.
I love that song.
Maybe the steps aren't the greatest, but the song is freaking amazing.
The song is freaking rad.
Your turn.
And it's one that most people forget about, but it owns.
Okay, my second choice is Song Suck, because I love the little thing in the middle.
the middle. Next. No one can forget this. Afronova. Afronova. The song is fucking gay.
The song is fucking gay. Caution. Just because I can sit and listen to that song on repeat
for a full hour and not even realize it.
Should I put Caution or Gengo?
Most people know it as Caution.
My number one choice...
Drum roll please.
Drum roll please.
Please, I'm sure you all know this by now.
My number one song is...
Oh Nick, Please, Not So Quick.
That song owns.
Yes, because Rob is our erotic whore.
I fucking love that song.
Alright, that was the song that really got me hooked on DDR,
so give it its credit please.
Especially with karaoke mode.
Okay, my number one choice is Beautiful 21C.
Is that song on?
Gotta go to who?
Yes.
Gotta go to hot do.
Yes, beautiful.
See, he stole one of mine, so I'm gonna let him have it, though.
I couldn't pick something else.
No, you can't.
Loki, your number one pick.
No, this is probably gonna get a lot of flack for this, but this is the song that I've learned
on one of the songs other than Pink Dinosaurs.
It's not that song, okay?
It's La Senorita.
the
and everyone pick
gentle stress
andy what not let them move
uh...
if that wasn't going on a really fast
he's going up
let them know
uh... black lab is pitching a morning as we input get-up-and-dance on their
for a reason
i think that when you're going to get voted off
no this look at the at the background is fucking rad we already found that out i
believe that was the number one background voted in the previous episode
but uh... the song song sucks anyway
rob
volume four
i believe it was really good
i'm sorry what were you what were you saying about that
it
all right so let me read up the list yes you may
we have been studying and don't forget to copy it to the chat room
well we have to eliminate
uh... uh... yeah
i'm voting all you know you gotta read the list first and then we'll eliminate it
again we've got flashdance boom boom dollar k o g g three
do it on my face if you can say goodbye since uh...
afro nova caution and it was not so quick beautiful twenty-one feet
uh... lesson of the uh... and it was just a m d sexual mixed whatever
what you forget dave
uh...
uh...
it's a big shaft alright
anyway uh... i guess i get to let me first as i put my list up first i will
vote off
surprisingly enough i'm not going to go with the one that you think i'd vote off
i'm actually going to take out boom boom dollar
the k o g mix because
i'm sorry the remix
the steps
suck
the original
owns
but the remix sucks
i remember having an asthma attack on that song
so fuck k o g
except for rhythm and please
okay dave
i will take off
if you can say goodbye
asshole
uh... inhale
by travis
i'm not a huge fan of these uh... korean songs
which is why i don't miss them
uh... so i'm gonna have to say goodbye to uh... some stuff yes
loki is my friend
the ability with horrible choices left to make
you have to eliminate one of these songs i fucking love playing all of these
songs
there are two that i'm putting back and forth in
unfortunately the best ones that
look at it
and then take off after never
old taken off after does not stop at that time since for
personal you know
it she's not total personal vengeance
So our list is, as soon as we have it posted to the chatroom, we have Flashdance, Do It
All Night, Bass, Caution, Oh Nick Please Not So Quick, Beautiful 21C, La Senorita, and
Gentle Stress AMD's Sexual Mix.
Sounds good.
And while you guys vote, we're going to take a minute and we're going to play one of those
songs that totally got neglected from our list.
So why you guys vote from it, and it's all day's fault, too, by the way.
And we're going to play the full version of it, and you can send in your votes, and you
got three minutes to do it, and then we're going to read the list when we come back here
on Orange Lounge Radio.
Make sure to send your votes in private message.
Votes must be over private message to Sky in the chat room, or they don't count.
sick of the ferret on you.
Oh, yeah, you will be the one who made us all know
Look out for your kind, oh, yeah
You are the one who made us all know
You are the one who made us all know
Oh
Baby, tell me why
You say that love is not a possession
You say that love needs fantasy
You say we must hear this devotion
But you don't say that you love me
Sometimes I wonder what I'm doing
Sometimes I'm cold and serious
But when you touch my body and close your eyes
My little baby, I don't realize
If you can say goodbye, baby, tell me why
You don't wanna love me just like I do
You can't say goodbye, tell me what I've got to do
If you can say goodbye, baby, tell me why
You don't wanna love me, just like I do
You can't say goodbye, tell me what I've got to do
Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio and we've just been doing a little list-list segment
on the, what are we calling this, the best third mix or third Korean ever, right?
Yeah, this is list-list third mix Korean plus.
Okay, yes.
So, without further ado, let's read the, let me read you what the list was that we had
to pick from here.
Flash Dance, Do It All Night, Face, Caution, Oh Nick Please Not So Quick, Beautiful 21C,
La Senorita, and Gentle Stress AMD.
And now, I reveal the results to you.
Drum roll please.
Jamie, will you please tell them what the number three song was?
Fresh Dance.
Fresh Dance, yay!
Yay, a very good song.
And the second place winner, Jamie.
Gentle Stress.
Yay!
Because I had good taste.
Gentle Stress.
And the number one song, by an overwhelming margin, might I add, was...
Jamie.
Do It All Night.
Yay!
Do It All Night wins the bestest third Korean song ever.
I want to say, I don't have bad taste, it's just everyone in the chat room who didn't
vote for a beautiful 21C, because that song pwns so cool.
And a beautiful 21C, by the way, got no votes.
You know what we should do?
What?
We'll do it after birth or after the show.
That's another thing I should add, by the way.
In effect, to keep you people listening to the station, we're not going to drop listeners
after the show anymore.
We'll go right into music when the show is done.
So you can stay tuned and hear random shit from Bemani and maybe more.
Yay!
It's bootylicious.
They just don't shut up about that baseball game in the chat room.
I guess the Angels one it sounds like right. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm falling asleep on the watch here my bad
my bad
No, my baby mama
The chat rooms begging me to play the legend
screw them
After after bro, okay. We'll do the legend in the afterbirth
Never playing that fucking other song again. No, we're not gonna play dirty. What?
When you're MC'ing at Shaft, we need to still do the rave thing.
That'd be hilarious.
Except we're gonna get the biggest, like, you faggots look from the crowd.
But that's okay.
You got a problem with that?
You can bite my big toe.
That's right.
Jamie was teasing the idea earlier that we ought to take this show to three hours.
What do you guys think?
Chat room, let us know, what do you think, three hours or what?
Or send us your comments over email, OrangeLoungeRadio at Yahoo.com.
I said that if we do three hours, then the last hour is going to be all after birth.
It's just going to get really random.
We might start expanding into other types of video game things, like video game reviews.
Well since Under Sedation Alive is, you know, off air in Sacramento, we can kind of roll
over to something more like that show for the last hour.
That could be quite possible.
We could also...
Possibility.
I don't want to steal, but...
We just have to do one big nerd fest.
One big nerd fest.
I like that.
We do anime reviews, or we can have the random reviews, like my review of Contra Shattered Soldier.
Yeah, but I know that I probably wouldn't be able to stay until 10, because I need to have a ride right now.
I don't have a license.
That'd be the overage part of the show. The legal part.
That's when we all get drunk and smoke crack.
And then in four months, I'll be right here, and I'll stay the whole time.
Yeah, you gotta bring your own pipe.
Your own crack pipe.
Yeah, because we smoke crack when you leave.
That was something else I was thinking about bringing to Shaft was getting some sugar crystals
and selling crack at the bake sale, but it would just be sugar crystals, but I say crack
rocks.
That'd be funny.
Orange Lounge crack.
And yes, we're working on the phone call thing, so please stop begging.
It's sad.
We're working on the phone calls.
We're going to be able to take those soon.
And then we've got the new website coming.
We're going to have a whole new season of Orange Lounge Radio before you know it.
It'll be like Buffy.
We'll go on forever.
Yeah, it'll be like Buffy.
We'll kill off Jamie.
No!
And then bring her back to life and introduce her sister she never knew about.
Yeah, made from my genetic material and soul or something, and she's the next slayer.
And then James Marsh is a nice vampire.
Dude, Spike's hot.
So what exactly would that be like?
darker shade of hue Sakura or gray Sakura you know I'll be like like you know
blacklight Sakura Oh glow you'll be rave Sakura I need a hug let me give you my
son or better yet you'll be booty Sakura so let me give you my Sengoku
We got ten minutes left for the show.
Time for you to get a watch.
Time for you to shut up.
Yeah, get a watch, slacker.
Let's see, did I have anything else on the schedule for tonight?
Nope.
No, we're going to sit and talk about shit.
Did you guys hear the fake Legend of Max MP3?
No.
You want to hear the fake one?
We're going to play the fake Legend of Max.
to congratulate Cory on his fun hoax.
Sounds like a big techno industrial- I feel like raving, gimme a hug!
Sounds happy hardcore.
When I get an envelope full of light powder, my first impression is to snort it!
Well even if it isn't- GONG!
Hey, well even if- That's so Asian!
GONG!
gong
mmm
smells like dog
action
this is the most repetitive fucking song i've ever heard
there's your free zero the big gone gone
now i have your
it over to the fat lady sings this
there's the opera singer
you know
that we have a lot
just call it
if you go from the development
sakura sounds more like max and the status or help
i think that it
I'd rather have it sound like that. You know, to be honest I'm kind of sick of Max and Max
Unlimited and all the regurgitations of Max. That would have been a nice change for sure.
I agree.
Speaking of MP3s that are probably fake, Pyro sent this to me before the show. We all know
what that means. It's supposedly graduation by B4U, but lord knows what we're actually
going to get when I double click on this file, because Pyro Man is our resident prankster
in the chat room, so this could be a bunch of four-letter dirty words, it could be the
Spice Network for all I know, but...
It's gonna be like a four-minute fart.
Which would be not too far from what an actual B4U song would sound like.
True.
I made a pun.
Alright, let's see what it is.
This is supposedly Graduation by B4U.
Oh, the back singing indicates it's B.P.U.
Maybe this really is it.
You know what it is? I think it's dive backwards.
Well, it's actually Japanese.
Jamie's trying to see if she can hear the lyrics.
I swear to God, this is probably just true or die played backwards.
It's not.
This is legit.
Really? What are they saying?
I only know or understood like five words out of this.
Unfortunately the vocals are a little bit too low for me to hear over the music with the stuff that my head is.
Well who knows, either we just gave you a world exclusive or you never heard that here.
It was a messy song.
The nasal singing of Be For You.
JB brings up a good point. There's no announcer.
It has the cheering, but there's no announcer.
If it's from a test, it may not have the announcer in.
I believe I read on Air in Japan that it has the same announcer as Max.
Now, what if it was from a single or something like that?
You ever know?
Possibly be.
Alright, so maybe that was graduation, maybe it wasn't.
You just don't know anymore because there's too many damn people out there spreading fake fakers.
the
uh... you missed the voting but by about like ten minutes it was that
twenty-third bag is sorry
but even before he voted for los enorito
it's
that would have that would have made or break any ties so no worries
i can't believe that survived the list anyway should've knocked out without
skin
it's good i was going to vote it off because it sounds like a mind thing is
let me read that
in uh... trick
is fun
it is because of the little skidded into that jump in you
and even up
what's your favorite newbie move
everything
i think there's less energy to skip to my favorite movie with either that or
the clapping in the clock
i would probably
say that my favorite
is actually
in this image that i was doing two years ago by very ever first routine with the
butterfly spin the butterfly bounce jump alright you know what I'm talking about
where you have your two jumps you stomp on on you alright for people who
remember the steps for butterfly basic you've got right foot step jump and then
you turn around and jump the other way but you bounce before you do it and I
think it kind of looks neat and my other favorite one is the spins on love to me
where they're like down up jump and then down up jump again and you do the spins
I'm not sure if this is considered a newbie freestyle move or not, but I love the caution
drop.
It's so fun.
I love the caution drop, too.
I'm really tall, so it's really hard.
But it's fun.
I don't know if that's considered a newbie move or just an A-team freestyle type move
or what.
You have to be damn precise to make it look good, though.
Yeah.
Only little B can pull it off well.
Yeah.
The caution drop is cool.
Great radio.
I'm doing the caution drop for all of us.
No, he's like, what's the caution drop?
I'm like, here, let me show you.
Do you have any favorite doofus?
I used to do the knee drop on End of the Century.
I thought I was all cool.
I still do knee drops now.
For my one edit for Ecstasy where it freezes on a knee drop in the center two arrows on doubles.
I stopped doing that because it bruises my knees very badly.
Did I still have, okay, this is where I compare scars.
Abbruise, right there.
For all those who can't see through the radio, she's pointing to her knee.
Wait, I have, um...
Dude, you have a scar.
I do?
Yeah, you have a little bit of a scar.
Yeah, that's from playing bakwa, my routine, where I scraped my knee because I fell.
I just remember being at Fana Mae last year, in my Emmy costume, doing my favorite Kamikaze
drop on Love to Me, back when Love to Me was still kind of cool, going out into the hall
with blood dripping down my leg from landing on a screw on that fourth class.
For Shaft, I could do a rehash of my Dynamite Rave routine where I forget my steps about
That started off so cool.
15 seconds into the song.
He pulls off the trench coat and everyone's like, oooh, and then he forgets his desk.
He's like, oooh, crap.
It was so awesome, the beginning of it.
It was like the matrix.
And actually, one of the coolest knee drops I've ever seen was also at the same font of
me.
A guy I know, Chris, did Dynamite Rave just as one of the characters from Guilty Gear
X and did the corner knee drop where you step on the up and right and then knee drop down
to the bottom and left diagonally. That looks really cool.
You know I actually have a scar on my leg in the exact same place that Dave has one
but it has nothing to do with DDR. It's from a game of Truth or Dare.
Wow! Stand by to win! Wow!
What's going on out there in the hall? Oh, I see. Oh, my roommate's on the phone. Too
We can't broadcast over the air hi
This is really good radio. It's great radio
You know I actually like you know as much as people didn't complain about it
I miss the old you know 18 style moves. Just because if you do them, right?
Hilarity so amazing coordinated though and true their tired routines
You know I like watching people do like real dance moves on DDR, and that's great
And I would prefer watching that for different freestyle since I've judged a few tournaments before.
But the 18 stuff, when done right, is so clean. And it looks really good.
I miss the Chang'O's do-it-all-night routine. I love that.
I don't miss him at all.
I remember, was it his Ninzabur routine where he was like, what's that guy who brings out the Hammerin' Squad?
days like the gallagher okay that means that
yeah we squashed the watermelon in the that's too big
okay
it's like it's fine
it's like to look i'm a hard to get me attention
anyway
okay
jimmy ray
we're going to smash a watermelon
was funny
It was stupid.
On the point, it was random.
It was still stupid.
That's not funny, that's not something that wins a tournament.
It's like two heads arguing back and forth.
Random, stupid, random, stupid.
Random is good, but only when it's funny random.
I'm sure he didn't enter trying to win with that routine.
It was still retarded.
Speaking of random and stupid, this show is about over.
Well actually, he won third.
Dude, no.
It just goes to show what lovely judges you can get at a tournament sometimes, right?
It just goes to show people are easily amused.
Anyways, we should talk about the movie Jackass.
That movie rocks.
No.
Come up later.
Jamie's not going to go see that.
All right. Final thoughts, Jamie.
Well, let's start with the cupcakes.
Loki, any final thoughts here?
Go check out my website if you haven't, www.leechfromloki.tk.
Leave me a request for what 2DX song you want me to make into DWI next,
next and I'll put it up there that's it I have nothing more to talk about I guess
I'll talk about a movie that I want to talk about in the afterbirth not
jackass but until then yeah okay they're talking about stuff and here's my final
thought
impressive
god my nose hurts
and my uh... final thought is i need a date
date rob
that's it
thanks for listening stick around we've got music coming up for you after the
show all sorts of crap you'll love it
stay tuned remember
one and one
does not make two
and that'll be the first song we play coming back
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura,
and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
I think I'm beginning to understand.
That's what I was going to say.
Chris is our old partner, you know.
Hey, we're partners, aren't we?
Let's work together.
Look at this. Wow.
What is it?
What do you think of it?
Protect yourself.
Perhaps that was the most important part.
Let's go.
Okay, I'll go first.
Damn, it's broken.
Seems like it.
Oh my God.
Hey, what's going on?
Alright, can you do it?
Lost courage already?
I'm sorry for my lack of manners, but I'm not used to escorting men.
Jill, let's do it!
Ah, yes, Barry!
Jill sandwich, right.
Barry, don't screw up again.
up again. Let's go! Thank you, Barry. Is this a meeting room or something? Is that you, Rebecca? Yes. Rebecca, can you do it? Yes, I can! May I practice for a while? See? Just relax and play. Chris, look at this! Oh, you like it? Oh my God, that was great! I feel like we're having a secret meeting.
Let's do it!
Chris!
Rebecca!
Look at those monsters!
He's insane!
Yes!
Chris?
Well, I think I'll go out and get some fresh air for a change.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
