It's a video tape! Put it in! Put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Boring!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain nudity, Orange Lounge may
contain many four-letter words, hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Ms. Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
Lauren, Lorna, he's good.
Missed it by that much.
That's Dr. Evil's cat.
How can you tell?
I never forget a pussy. Cat.
Thirty-seven. My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks.
In a row?
Yeah, and monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest link to bite.
So you get nothing. You lose. Good day, sir.
Dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a strange journey.
Dark Sakura
I hate nature!
I wish the world would explode, and then I could take over hell.
Sky
Do I look like the weather girl?
No.
Everything alright?
Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio
That's right, we're live from the 18th hole of Scandia Golf Course, but we're not really
live, we're actually free tape tonight.
I'm dead.
But you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, this is Orange Lounge Radio episode number
15 and a half for this October the 13th, I think?
No, today's the 10th.
Today's the 10th.
Because I spent all day writing the 10th.
We're taping on Thursday, so let me do the math real fast.
Friday, yes, the 13th, 13th of October.
are listening to a pre-taped show
why because jamie and i are leaving
take a weekend i want to wake it up let me introduce for everybody out there by
the way if you don't know where you should
it's jamie somers ladies jim and
oh my god that the first for this show
that's usually me on under station life
and pepper was brought to you by gary flavored repel a product of gatorade
uh... i have a lot about that you don't get you that
gatorade sucks but propel owns me dot com
it's going to be one of those shows i can already tell my name is rob roberts
you might know me also as sky
i don't know you
yes you do
you think you know me
you will never know me you are lost
and scared
but usually we didn't have it
in
yet it is that it is
without your wrestling reference you know
usually we be taking a break right now for the opening of the show but we're
not we're just gonna kick right into things start off the show here
uh... let me introduce everybody is you're gonna nice little crowd of people
going on here at uh... scandia tonight you're joining us nice to meet a kind of
mean
they're all glaring going with the hell's going on here
this by the way is the site of uh... d r shaft
sacramento's host another out sacramento's their sacramonic sorry host
another fuckin tournament
i mean fabulous turn it
on uh... november ninth and he'll give us more details on that later
but first i'd like to introduce our base here now i'll start over here
we've got
remarried yes i remembered your own influence but what with the online folks
know you have
uh... depends how long they've been married
let's say the recent folks
fell like zero
phalanx zero what an evil sounding name
hey i didn't you read x-men
night
It was the whole thing that they introduced the Generation X in.
That sucks.
I'm original!
No, that's bad.
Now I see the lovely lady that's with you here tonight is a little bit radio-shy.
She's retarded.
She's retarded. You should smack him.
No, that's the nicest thing I've said all day.
What do you have to say in response to that?
Just call him an ass like I always do.
Amen, what's your name dear?
And yeah, you're not really in the DDR community or though, right?
I play a little bit of DDR. That's about it what what I'll ask the big newbie question
What footers are you on are you on five footers or seven footers?
Six seven something like that right a round of applause for the six to seven. Yeah
You are so rude, that's nice it's okay, I
Was damn right?
All right
also the uh... ever so silent the wonderful we've got bradley
and the uh... perfect attendance record goes to mad also notice loki joining us
once again
and also
in the his his house tonight
is say hello everybody to jd
genuine only a max to
uh... it is one of our regular since i was so those you know you know smack
your ass and call your papa. Yeah. Those of you who hang out in the chat room definitely
know JB because he hangs out there a lot and we appreciate it. He's our Jenny Rom family.
Jenny Rom. What is it about Jenny Rom that's so fucking cool? I don't even know who she
is. Jenny Rom, you know, waka waka. I don't know what songs she sings, they're annoying.
She has like this annoying high ass voice. I don't know. It's like. He doesn't know.
He just likes... Oh, that was...
What the hell?
Oh shit, that's me!
She's like too much coffee woman.
Oh, the lady on the megaphone?
No, Jenny Rahn. Oh, Jenny Rahn? Oh, I'm sorry.
He wouldn't be making fun of the... Someone put her processor on overdrive.
Uh oh, he said the line!
Oh, ass!
No, I said... Oh my god.
He said Al-Mass.
No, Satan!
No!
This is going to be one of those shows where you have to fight with a loud speaker the whole time.
It is an experimental show, ladies and gentlemen. Let me remind you.
And remember, if you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter.
Yes, I like Grease.
I hate that damn movie. I've seen it 50 million times and I know all the damn songs.
Grease is classic. Get it on DVD now.
No, it's Satan. Grease is Satan.
Why is Grease Satan? What's wrong with you?
you because my sister watched it like five times a day for like three weeks
straight Greece came out like you know okay when I was eight years old I watched
the movie clue every day for an entire class I like that movie now now you're
back on my good side you better stay there that's like no three that's three
I think they're making actually a Greece three they better not yes they are and
And by the way, Clue had Tim Curry.
And what else was Tim Curry in?
Rocky!
Yay!
Whee!
Why would they make a great Grease 3?
Grease 3 is starring the Olivia Project.
No, no, they would think you had a car in the first, the cars in the first one.
You had microphones in the second, uh, microphones, motorcycles in the second one.
What are you going to have next?
A moped?
It's a high score reunion.
Oh, that'd be kind of cool.
It's bringing back the original cast, too.
would be cool so it's like instead of Romeo Michelle it's John and Olivia's
high school reunion cool oh yeah we're about money show huh hi
you're listening you said Olivia project so it counts yeah okay sorry I made a
reference which is also a good movie I don't know Jamie you should be the only
person you came out in 1990 to any 1980 name me one other person in the Xanadu
fan club
uh...
and if you can come to me
and my friend
and your friend who's your friend
well my friend and
uh... when he listens in a maryland you know i listen anyway hi gwen who if you
happen to be listening then i'm hi
i didn't want to plug in for the chair and they're probably people they're
chatting even though we're not really doing a show tonight they're all the
time to have no i thought i'd be
they were getting we love our chatters
isn't he's here he's here he's not in this area
well he could be
and uh... or that's right at every take you might be a little in advance for a
panic
twilight zone
and and and and and and and and and
to join our terror of this go to any
other side i r c server like i r c dot eight heads dot org it is going to join
channel pound
orange lounge
and i got a good interview there's some other people here i want to interview
other here too because we've got a little kid and i got a good keep before
you think i can leave
i should say
access to start this week's episode i say you're listening to the most
extreme station of all things will money
it's extreme
speaking of extreme
we can touch on that a little bit now we'll get in a more depth later but
because we're getting we're getting people to interview but
let's talk about
what is so extreme about this week's show
well first i don't know what the fuck was that
right now what was that that's corny as hell
first off we do have a new uh...
record holder
oh yes
before the show
world record champion on conjoined twin galaxies except
we didn't have a video camera to tape it so don't count
when we do get a camera
he will accept except black lab has sworn to me
he will destroy the world record no matter where it's at he will trade long
and hard he's gonna be like sylvester stallone
in rocky
it is going to beat that record has put it this way it was the record was so sad
that actually me who can't perfect attack or shit
beat the record by a like a good forty or fifty million points it's for a cold
out here
lol
i mean i could have played the last song dynamite rating freestyle and still
would have beat that stupid record
they're raving he can't played out
i can go back and edited in the show's later
the person we want to interview left that sucks
what i care is you're still in their just gonna come on to interview that guy
over there is a gazebo empty
gazebo gazebo we go
we're gonna what we can do anything we want
well they're going to give you know we're walking over to the usual
No, you can't from the pond that you can be there.
We should interview everybody that comes to the 18th hole and like do golf claps and shit.
I'm sorry, the listeners couldn't hear you.
We should interview everybody that comes to the 18th hole and like clap for them and stuff, even though they suck.
Ah, now this is a great table. This is a big table.
And it's windshielded.
Windshield and a...
Dude, this is like the carpet that they put on the walls at roller rinks.
Now you guys on that side are going to have to like raise your hand if you want to talk.
I'm going to hand you a microphone.
No, you can't yell.
Whee!
Slidey song.
I finally passed that.
So, let's talk about DDR Extreme.
Yay!
DDR Sextreme!
Derek, let's change, if we can.
I don't change for anyone.
You can sit on that side of the table, I'll sit on this side.
This is really great radio, by the way.
Alright, here we go.
table-to-table
i always saw a low-key is kind of our news desk of the show so i'll let him
talk about the art stream even though he's not prepared to but i'm sure i'll
have something nice to say by the way
low-key now doing news for team while oh congratulations
actually have a comment about that this is kind of an f you to myself
i was viciously pointed out uh... by
DJ Paranoid to have copied his list and put it on Team Gwyla, which is a big, big, big,
big, big, big note of if you don't give credit. No, that's plagiarism. And, ooh, oh. And anyways,
in the, to begin with, okay, first off, I copied Black Lab's list at the begin with,
okay. And that list-
See, Black Lab's from Black Lab.
Yeah, it doesn't matter about him. So I took his list at first. It didn't have any frickin'
names on it, none of the artist's names, so that kind of sucked. So I borrowed his list,
I forgot to put, I mean, shit man, I'm putting this list up like way early in the morning,
I'm so damn tired. I do that, and then finally it doesn't hit me until he's like,
ass, thanks for stealing my list. So I've been hearing about it for like the last three days,
you know, gave big credit to him and their, you know, Bhavani style for translating
Naoki's urinal to make it actually legible. The big question is, did you guys kiss the makeup?
No, but I kissed ass, I sent him emails, PMs, I even apologized to Spigamous in the DDR Maniacs chat room, so hopefully some way he got the message, you know, that I am gratefully sorry and be happy to make it up to him, you know, maybe shared resources for some story or whatnot, you know.
Put out.
No.
No, no, there will be no putting out, okay? I'm sorry, that's not happening.
happening but i think i've gone you know above and beyond to apologize for simple
mistake i mean that got fixed within a couple hours gone down and look yes and
look if he gives you hell for it just use the nistia global gate translator
because it does it nearly perfectly anyway
well it wasn't that it was just like i used his list that had the names on it
whoop-dee-doo i mean you know i could have just done
the list myself you know next no i'm not plagiarizing anymore but if i
there were, I certainly would reformat the shit so it wouldn't look anything like anyone
else's.
And you just played Joel Ives' Black Lab, because that's okay.
That doesn't matter, he's in our...
He's probably in the chatroom right now.
He's nobody important.
In the future.
Sorry, Black Lab, I didn't mean that.
No, but anyways, yeah, so I'm doing news now, it kind of sucks because then I have to be
on top of all the news stories instead of browsing the internet and, you know, chatting
in chatrooms.
You're on top, going down, bending over backwards, good lord, you're an acrobat.
Down, down, down.
Yeah, so...
Hey, but, but, one of the things I did, I was able to have that, you know, one else did have
is I actually got those clips from the DDR Max USA, all the new samples are supposedly gonna be in there
because everyone gave me shit about that too, saying,
Oh, how do you know that shit's gonna be in there?
It's not confirmed? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Like, I really give a shit. I'm just ripping samples for people to hear.
I have a comment on that. If they're not going to be in the game, why do they exist?
Now the old stuff, I understand. Konami? Lazy? Certainly.
They leave the old stuff from Max Japan in there, like ghosts and things like that, and they sneak in there.
You know, but these new remixes weren't just done for the hell of it.
Well, I don't know, maybe Naoki gets bored one night and he's doing his nails like,
Hmm, maybe I'll remix, uh...
Dear Diary, I ran out of black figure-down polish,
I decided to remix a new song with my best buddy, who will be unnamed.
Why would they be in there if they're not going to be in the final game?
Does it just specifically throw us off?
Well, even if it is just there to throw us off,
hey, it's a Nubomani remix clip, that's newsworthy.
Well then, the fact that, like, Kakumei was in there, okay, the clip for Kakumei,
and they're like, some guy's like,
no, that got cut, and so did ghosts.
I know for sure.
Because I'm actually developing the game, so I know.
would you like to know what your source
i'm always a man if you guys got information search areas that call me
tell me i'm wrong you know
search and some info
that's right unless
unless you work for konami where you're sleeping with someone who works for
konami
we just can't believe you i'm sorry we're just gonna have to always told you
know the game comes out so
i'm sorry
i'll get right on sleeping with everybody
but the fact that
yeah i don't know would anybody at this table put out for information on that
you are sad and i think
right now
that all of my fiance
manages a game stop
i don't have to put out it was comes with the job but you know that he does
it does he get information that
yet about an army
sometimes like game releases we doesn't really get know the rally under the
storm had information that i can talk about that
i'd go down it
go down some chicken on me to get information
just as you begin some
no
not at all
here at the
america one day and that was the fact that he said it put out for information
about dvd are i think that i put out there
uh... i think she
of the way
shipment
ready if i ever see the crying game
the crying game to start a little bit
uh...
god i would not let my name is for now there's a pronunciation argument going
on over there
really really why would you want someone to pronounce your name
okay how can you mispronounce derek daric
we can tell you dirty
jerry
hey asshole
uh... ddr extreme the very gay ass name that they applied to
the air max three
no-fence bro
and they got it
the aircraft i think it is a good yet i got to do your aspect extreme
right ground okay
the uh... the uh... extremely
okay so here that i'm picturing from the eric stream
brand extreme clips in the background possibly people doing extreme date
there's going to be extreme size and i'm going to get extremely bored with this
but any
a ways that they had a
a little voting thing going on that we mentioned last week and i've seen some
of them
and someone who had to do it in florida there are no songs by extreme
they went out and i have
how about it
let me guess i'm just gonna throw out
an idea here
could the next max b
max extreme uh...
uh...
they don't know
it's the remix of max three hundred by erotic max extreme
old backs but but but but don't have sex
i'll be there would be fucking sweet and i don't know if that's correct
people to do that so i don't know
but anyway
uh... yes it's a very thought that they're mentioning there were no out
there
they're possibly going to be in there not confirmed to be in there but
possibly
uh... sees there with that the mania
uh... to the ex you've got to be in a
fuck you lucky by the way
which together is in the a
uh... for the veterans or something i don't know
anyways uh... let's see there is a very perfect is the least one hundred
seconds and
and something else
that's not fire or jet world because i really will
narrow i wanted to know about it and sweet
uh...
there is a hold on me from uh...
with a pair of hair which everyone's just like this is crap
which i agree i rather had i mean
even like a number of rock
thinking about king of iraq would be awesome
king of iraq you're even like a burning desire
deluxe pocket deluxe india are not rule
maybe not
uh... in the in the microphone
that's like the only be if they know i look so gay doing it
do we have a lot
okay well first
first up just because these you know became a nice these were on you know
top of the list here
doesn't mean that they're not going to throw this stuff in there so i mean
It's very possible. I would be happy if Cosmic Cowgirl was in Max.
So I wonder, I wonder how long this DDR Extreme is going to last. I mean, and what...
One week.
It's just because I think they changed interface designs. One week since this game came out.
One week since I looked at it.
The question is,
how often will it be bootlegged? Will it be a bigger or more rampant bootleg than
Mootleg?
Meant than Max 2 or? I was born for radio.
well we're having a discussion in the dee dee or i mean the extra room today
person that they
i'd all our friends in the d r maniacs chattel
and love ya
uh... sorry if you
i'm not
uh... we've
we've got lots of fans over there going
we have you
and your other body is always speaking to the one fan
Talking to him today, and we were discussing the fact that DDR Extreme, since it is so extreme, should have a fog machine and lasers.
Because who doesn't like a good laser?
As I said earlier on another chat board, I said it should be...
This is kind of a joke I used earlier, but I don't care, it's still funny.
DDR sex stream, with a big pole in the middle, and all erotic set of songs.
Remember what I was saying the other night?
What?
That it needs the butt pads, you can have booty mode.
Yeah, they're good. They're gonna put a button on the bar. So you could like rub your ass against the bar
Well, who daddy and my baby mama? We need the grind. What were you saying JB?
Actually what they're gonna do is they're gonna have a nice little chair in front of the
The pads itself and sitting on the chair will be a mannequin
So you bump and grind against the mannequin to get some bonus points there
And it's going to be one of those real dolls of Maoki.
And it's got session mode with a boonga boonga.
Ahhhhh!
Actually, what's scary is he'll be probably sneaking himself into one of these DDR6 stream machines.
Since, you know, no one will be able to tell the difference.
Since the real dolls are supposed to be hard to tell from the real thing except they don't blink or move.
Yeah, you know what's scary? So I heard on the news today that, uh, Michael Jackson abuses his monkey.
Yeah, I heard that-
EEEEEE!
AHH!
I don't like when he messes with his monkey.
Does his monkey fling poo?
Maybe, you know, uh-
I think Michael Jackson should be beating his monkey anywhere.
For those of you that heard Dance Maniacs 8, lovely, pathetic cover of, uh-
That was kind of, uh, contradictory, wasn't it? I don't know how else to describe it.
I'd like to see that in DDR, just for laughs.
Just for laughs.
I'm still...
Well, with DDR6 stream, that would definitely fit.
Beat it!
Beat it!
I can just see...
No, here's the kit and have it.
You can either have Beat It by DJ Alligator Project or Erotic.
Erotic.
Beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it.
That's my watch.
It says, this will explode.
This watch has the time of day.
this watch has the time of your doom. It's my 007 watch. It's the doomsday clock.
They gave out to all the managers of GameStop. 11.59 and ticking.
I don't know. Right, honey? And the time
is 0.59. Time to die. Oh, no. Oh, what nerds are we?
So, what other cool things can we expect to see in DDR Extreme?
Oh, yes, JB? In the DDR Extreme.
What about Gillette?
Don't want no short dick, man.
You remember that song?
Maybe I'm going to play that during one of the breaks.
If I remember when I'm putting this show together,
when I get back home and editing it,
I'll put Gillette as one of the songs we'll play.
What about what?
Tonight's a good song. I'll try to play that for you if I remember.
There's the one song that I definitely want played.
What's that?
Children of the Sandstorm.
Now explain this mix.
I was going, I was looking for a sandstorm because I actually did not have it on my computer.
You just couldn't get enough of last week's joke.
It was Sunday night after I got home.
And I found, um, for people who are familiar with it, um, Robert Miles did a song called Children.
And I found that mixed with sandstorm.
That was actually pretty nice.
That was a huge song when I was in high school. It makes me feel so old.
It was a good mix.
I mean, it was basically cut and paste type, but it was done very smoothly.
Oh, JB left you a present, by the way.
Yeah, I left you a present.
Oh, JB, explain the present that you left for Jamie.
Okay, it was Dynamite R5.
And explain, tell us a little bit about Dynamite R5.
Um, it's Dynamite Rave and R5 mixed together.
Excellent, very good, yes!
I must listen to this right away.
Yes, Golf Land, we are in the gazebo overlooking the lovely course here.
I see, this is beautiful, we've got a castle right in front of us.
And we're not at Golf Land, wow.
Thank God.
Assholes.
And their stuff's messed up.
Hey, Initial D took my money, but I'm addicted to that game.
Okay, fuck the money for a second, I want to talk about Initial D.
Oh wait, look, you have something to say?
Um...
Yeah, I'm guessing we'll hear it.
Supposedly what's going to be happening week to week with Naoki.
I love that song.
Oh, that's right, another song was announced for DVR Extreme.
Um, this is gonna be a new Ryu whatever her damn name is Kosaka or I blow now. Yeah, I blow Naoki Rui Rui blow
Naoki
She's doing a song that's called
Shit, I don't know whatever it's some stupid shit, whatever it's gonna be like candy, but it's supposed to be heavy metal or rock
or some crap like that.
Weh weh weh.
Weh weh weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Anyways, just keep going.
I'm going to run in and see if anyone else shows up.
So, yeah.
Naoki's Journal sucks.
They're supposed to be doing some interviews or questionnaires with the staff.
They're like, we give a shit.
Let's see what the staff thinks about DDR Extreme.
They're probably all going to say, uh, Naoki's gay.
DDR.
So, um, let's see here.
And meanwhile over here, you're hearing voices.
Yes! I keep hearing somebody saying my name, and it's not JB!
No, they're going, Big Fuck! Big Fuck!
It just sounds like it.
Well, since we have this big gap of space here,
I'm going to go ahead and do the sim update for this week.
And we actually have news this week, which is pretty cool.
And it's my turn to excuse myself. Take the mic.
Okay.
So, here's what's going on in the sim world here.
First off, you have a new release of StepMania.
StepMania, actually, it's kind of been called, it's Beta 6 Release 2, or what they're calling it is Beta 7.
And, um, so Beta 7's out now. I've got it at home, I haven't gotten to try it out yet, but, you know, StepMania hasn't disappointed me yet.
My StepMania doesn't work on my computer.
You used to not like StepMania back in the early versions. You're a liar! You're a liar!
Alright, okay, SetMania really did disappoint me back in the version 1.6, 1.6.5, that area,
because it didn't load, and it sucked, and it was really slow, and it was a piece of shit, and DWI kicked his ass.
However, since then, since they've gone actually doing, like, public updates, you know, where there's, like,
you know, 30 people working on updating this thing instead of two, it's gotten a lot better.
better so you've got now you have pump support para para support you also have
easy to dancer support in there so that's kind of cool which means what
which means you can play those games on that simulator okay not everybody knows
that well she didn't know Derek's a little slow no I'm fat and I didn't eat
today anyways other than that let's see on a personal note I'm putting up
off DWIs on the internet. I've actually got my own site that's going to be started here
pretty soon.
LeechFromLoki.com.
Hey, you know what? That's not a bad name.
Hyrule.
I'm going to call that Leech From Loki. It's awesome though because I found a site, it's
like gamers.com or some shit like that, or gamers club I believe is what it's called.
It's 50 megs of web space free and unlimited bandwidth.
I love it.
bandwidth. Shit, I could put stuff on there. Don't want to worry about my site going down.
It's awesome.
That's super orgasmic.
So I'm gonna have
I'm gonna have my DWIs on there. Plus, really hard to find a rare, like, 8-style DWIs in my...
It's free, right?
Yeah, it's free.
So it's pretty cool. I'll be doing that. Maybe get a couple of sites if I run out of my 50 megs.
You run out of space?
That kind of stuff. So, um...
No, look for that pretty soon. I'll announce it later on.
Do they bog you down with banner ads or any of that crap?
Unfortunately, yes. They do.
playing is ever really free
mozilla dot com highly recommended by orange launch staff block ads
awesome love it
sounds good ball for the link to that on my site i'm sure they won't like it but
i'll probably get there so
now i have that and uh...
see other than that
i'm not too much going on the same world more people releasing stuff of your mix
that he got the i think i'm not pretty good on that
d r u k they've actually got now the official backgrounds for his area two
thousand one in before you out before the beat mix which is
pretty cool looking uh...
and also to be adding the uh...
rest of the debate including
caribbean queen
uh... i love that's not
family
that
okay with itself
no more anything
but uh...
all right uh...
so we do an interview some guesses that are just a bit
their jimmy's coming back and uh... i i think everybody doing one interview
left so
no interviews
just don't like
yet you're still so i hope i hear later
he's teaching
he's teaching a little kid how to play d r something actually i think that's
what i guess you have to hear a lot of really here he's past the mark that we
should get him
we should we should interview him
wish he was getting interviewed
what he was the enemy really get earlier
i don't get
if we go inside
we're going inside
all right
we're going to go inside
while we're migrating
isn't this a nice lovely chilly afternoon? I'm feeling fat and sassy
it's night time, it's dark time, see there's the moon
oh it's the moon
look how many puny looks we're getting as we come in here
and now we're back inside
we're going into the party room with these lovely people
hi lovely people
we're gonna hide in the corner where nobody can find us
now we're at a much smaller table i feel like i've been demoted
hey it's warm in here so
i thought we were supposed to shrink with coldness
um ye riiiiight
i was like dang
oh someone just failed a song i heard it
they now as a very nice
we have to be supportive of everybody remember
liking it
you are
you're just you're just full of jokes today fucking hyper because i had
cupcakes
not coming up in your ear that's my damn watch
no
where did loki go
he went to play as edits
okay so what should we talk about now
i know no fucking whistles on uh...
i'm sorry
yeah thank you
what would you like to the week
this is fucked up
do you do i don't i don't have jamie's music and i'm too lazy to put it in so
edit my damn music
uh... what katina style
uh... you have you heard the katina stuff
is basically people taking uh... makes a different than my son always answering
them he showed me there's a funny as hell
it
we'll talk about more on the show next week
no we don't get around to we're gonna go but
we had to set action-packed show last week
it was an extremely
actual
that word
we he find me to be extremely annoying
i find you extremely sexy
well thank you
anyway
my fuck you of the week yes
i don't know
my fuck you of the week
goes towards going home and finding out that dan ate all the lasagna last night
lasagna
i like lasagna
and that was going to be my fucking lunch today
who are you talking about? my fiance don't call him a dick asshole
dog or something
jamie doesn't own a dog you can't be on our show anymore
i'm serious go away
you're not allowed to be on the show anymore
you think i'm kidding don't you
she's in a randy mode you think i'm kidding don't you
no i'm not during the commercial break jamie's gonna go
kick the crap out of our guests
so he ate the lasagna
and i didn't have any dinner
what'd you eat? you had to have eaten something. a microwave burrito
i don't have a dog shut up
she has a pretty cat
i have a shermy
what was his name?
shermy is his name
i have my girl kitty
shermy isn't a breed of cat
she's a shermy
it's a she
You're just digging yourself deeper tonight.
It's a little grey cat.
She looks like Church from Pet Sematary.
Oh, that's actually a good point.
You never saw Pet Sematary.
I was afraid of it. It was a scary movie.
What?
That was a pretty child's play.
That movie freaked the shit out of me.
I don't like little daddy doll things.
I was scared of the Wizard of Oz.
Wait a minute, you were scared of the Wizard of Oz?
Why?
The little gnome things.
The monkeys that fly on the...
The Munch Kids that fly out of their ass?
No, it's the lollipop kids.
The Munch Kids.
Did you ever see the great sequel Return to Oz?
With the thing on the wheels?
Dude, no.
You're thinking of the Wiz.
No, Return to Oz was good.
The reason why Return to Oz was good is because it was actually based off of the book.
Yes, and Verusa Bach was in it and she's cool.
The Wizard of Oz was not true to the book, because she went and met all of the witches.
She met the Good Witch of the North, the Good Witch of the South, killed one of them, and then killed the other.
So there was no balance, and Oz fell into ruin.
I remember the freakiest scene in Return to Oz, with all the little heads in the jar.
That was so cool.
That was awesome.
Oh, I'm sorry, but money what?
This is Random Night on Orange Lounge, you heard it here first.
You heard it here first.
Oh, you know something we brought up earlier?
I want to talk about...
Oh, ass!
No, not ass.
It's, uh, not Bomani-related exactly, but it's still pretty cool.
Initial D.
Rob is staring at me.
Sorry, listeners.
Yes, Initial D. Matt, you're a meat.
I'm fatty.
I'm fatty.
Please explain.
I'm just fat.
Like fat with a P or fat with an F.
No, fat with fat.
And Orange Beanie has my SNIS one that I messed up on.
Explain for those who may not know about initial D. What makes it so special mad your repeat action and
cars and
And bad animation and the cards all the little cards shitty storyline
and and
When you say no, and and yeah neat cards, I have one and I have my Toronto
But you know what I'm not going to fucking get that spoiler at that spoiler looks like shit
And I know I can pass the option of upgrading my car. Wow you really your name really is fatty
See I'm lucky enough to have a four-letter handle online, so I never I never have
Who all right?
Whoever of our listeners who was not there the night that I made my car if you can guess the name that's on my card
for the card that I'm using right now I
I will give you a
memory card. I don't know.
For what system?
For a PS2. Not for a PS2, for a PlayStation.
You win a Dark Sakura autographed memory card.
Here's your first clue.
You get two clues. And they're pretty easy clues if you know how to find it.
The password is...
The first clue is that the word is Greek.
Second clue... Now, wait a minute. Didn't they ban video games in Greece?
Fuck Greece. By the way, they overruled that.
Oh. The second rule
is that it means goal.
Mmm.
Goal!
Like soccer? Yeah, like, you know, a goal.
Like, you know, because you've got to have goals.
to quote i got a lead
so
whoever
a whoever can guess what it will be leveraging gets with the word is
there was not there that i made it
will win and i thought about it that position in regard
or you win or is that
and i thought that i got to read that
and if it's the battle autographic to his about speaking up i cannot have a
memory card and i got back
I have a question that actually involves Bemani.
Oh my gosh, please do share.
Initial D.
No.
No, tonight's Initial D night.
Oh, okay.
Alright, ask your question.
Okay.
Yes, oh he who needs a shovel for the trouble he's getting on this show.
Okay, cause like Max 2 is coming out for PS2, right?
Pssst, eventually.
Well yeah, but PS2 memo cards don't work on the machine.
I get that one.
Oh, okay good.
Oh yes.
Can I ask you a question and I never find an answer?
over the rainbow and yes the one that i got second place in yeah you just held my hand
remember you're in deep shit with me right now and me now yes you died tonight
i'm sorry i got some weird name edits tonight for people to play i've got a sex or me
i've got a song okay okay okay sex or me it's for gimme gimme gimme i've got uh
I got pink taco. I can't remember what that's for
Lovely pink dinosaur. No, it's pink taco. It has nothing to do
No, no
I've got
I've got one for shake shake your booty. It's called shake that ass
I've got
I've got one good when you back that ass up
You won't find any motherfucker back then, is it?
what's in dark sacros purse
nowhere to pick up
this is not the end of the call smith show come on we come back from break we
are going to make it look like that was first
and and and of course it's a great and we're going to have an interview with
their
i think it's an after break an interview with the chair
anything else will get an autographed propel bottle
and then drinking it
and back washing a lot
uh...
you'd
they can't hear you
i said i'd be willing to urinate in the bottle here if there would increase the
value of it how nice of you know that so kind and generous thank you
is such a giving person
we appreciate that thank you lucky
So, well it's break time because people have to pee.
Alright, so we're gonna take a quick break, and we'll be right back after some of this
very fine music here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Episode 15 and a half, we're pre-taped tonight.
We're not pre-taped yet, we're still taping.
Well, I mean, we're still taping, but I mean, when they hear it, it's gonna be-
Oh, forget it!
Paradox, paradox!
I can sing the music on the break.
Let's go doo doo doo doo doo. All right, we're going to break now cut
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight Pure unadulterated sex tonight
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight Pure unadulterated sex tonight
Now I know what you're thinking You're thinking, what a slut
Yeah, yeah, yeah But I know that you know
Then I know that everybody in here likes to have a little sex
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're on an overrated sex tonight
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're on an overrated sex tonight
Dancing and romancing
Keep your body moving
Can you feel it?
Feel the music?
It's hot now, baby, keep it goin' And don't stop now, baby
I'm feelin' kinda worn out, baby Put your body on the end, baby
I wanna ride it like a pony, so Do you wanna, do you wanna, do you, do you, do you?
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight? You're an adulterated sex tonight
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're on a double rated sex tonight
Let's all have another drink
You don't know what I'm gonna do to you
You do like sex, right?
You want another drink?
What's your name again?
We're swingin' and swayin'
Hey Mr. DJ, keep the music playin'
The speaker's bumpin', the crowd is jumpin' So I can keep my, keep my body humpin'
Baby, I'm feelin' kinda horny, oh baby Put your body on the end, baby
I wanna ride it like a pony So do you wanna, do you wanna, do you, do you, do you
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're an adulterated sex tonight
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're an adulterated sex tonight
Now, now I may be a little drunk, I mean tipsy
And I may be a little horny, nope
But, you got a condom?
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're on adulterated sex tonight
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
No, no, no, don't be racist, that's tonight
Baby, I'm feelin' kind of horny, oh baby Put your body on the end, baby
I wanna ride it like a pony, so do you Wobble, booble, wobble, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight? You're an adulterated sex tonight
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're an unadulterated sex tonight
Does anybody wanna have sex tonight?
You're on a double-a to sex tonight
A love so wild and strong
Will never leave you alone
It makes your heart beat fast
And all your dreams were less
Keeps going on and on
Just like an endless song
You are so wild and strong
Oh
Hey, we're back from Brake.
Yes.
We're special.
We're Brak.
We're Brak.
I'm not Brak.
I love Brak.
I don't even...
What is Brak?
I don't even know what I just said.
Brak is from Space Ghost Coast to Coast.
He is me.
He's crazy and stupid.
You're Brak?
Yes, I'm Brak.
Hi, my name is Brak.
I'm trying to figure out how to put this thing in minimum.
Hi, my name is Bingo.
I like to glam on things.
Can I have a banana?
Eat, eat.
I got an F.
No, it's Eek Eek, I went over to Britney's house.
Remember?
There's so much fighting here, I can't stand it!
Okay, new game.
No there isn't.
We're going to play a game.
Oh, I have to say though, during the break we lost to JB.
So, but we gained a Brad.
Yay.
Hi, hi Brad.
Welcome, Brad.
Oh yes.
Where, what is this microphone in my face for?
Dude, they're playing Eek Eek You Up.
And I wanted to interview Jer, but he's shy, so.
He's playing Eek You Up.
No, he's sitting right there, he's just shy.
everybody make faces totally oblivious it's great all right a game yes we're
gonna play a game it's called guess what's in Dark Soccer's purse what's in
my pants oh wait what's in my purse I'm being random and no you can't guess
what's on my how do we play what's in Jamie's purse you guess what's in my
purse you have to name an item that is in my
And how is this related to money?
Because I do have some big money stuff in my purse.
Okay, okay.
I'm in a yes.
Okay, oh Brad, first guess goes to Brad.
Rob's junk.
Is my junk in your purse?
There's nothing that belongs to Rob in my purse.
Alright, who wants to venture another guess?
Yes, Derek.
Money.
Ah, is there money in Jamie's purse?
I do not have any loose money in my purse.
I didn't have any loose money at all.
I do have money.
We do have money. Okay.
Next. I'll go.
Provolactics.
I was thinking that.
No.
Jamie, you need to be prepared. You never know when.
I'm always prepared. I don't need tools.
Next.
should have asked the employee. What's in my purse? A pen. Oh, a pen. Is there a pen
in your purse? For extra points, guess what colors? Blue and black. Black, red, purple,
green. The blue pen in my purse is actually missing. But I have a gold one. Well you know
if you mix some of these colors together you might get blue I did have I did have
a barf it's not a color all right always has a distinct neck Bradley what's in my
purse I'll guess some sort of tissues I once barfed blue kool-aid I'm not
sure I do not have any tissues in my purse oh no tissues I know train wreck
radio is that in your purse no there's no train wreck in my purse some sort of
video game promotional item hmm they do a game promo item I have a game cube
lanyard I have a Game Boy Advance thingy a thingy is that the technical name for
the chain
and
working if you sit there with your purse open for us all to look in
and uh... i had a gamecube pen in here once
let's see what uh...
everybody gets one more guess what's in my purse
uh... let's see uh... something
to do with happy bunny
you know this because you bought it
and i don't know if there's anything that i hate everything
i look happy with the members
uh...
shabbat tell me what's up
you know
uh...
a planner book
did i have to it as although double points about through planner
i have a uh...
Oh, dude, I found another pen.
What color is it?
I have a Nyago address book.
It's a little smooshed kitty.
A smooshed kitty.
Next.
Air.
He has a physical item that is not like loose particles.
And not in your head.
Oh.
Nini, smack him.
Oh, bud.
A notepad.
Honestly, there is not a notepad in my purse. I took it out this morning.
No, I took it out when I wrote the rules to freestyle.
Okay, Bradley.
Bradley.
Uh, candy bar.
Candy bar.
Okay, I get it.
If you have a candy bar, we win it.
No, she has to autograph it.
She has to autograph it first.
Oh, a tootsie roll. I'll be damned.
Does that count?
It's not really a bar. It's cylindrical, but it's kind of smushed. So now it's a bar
Okay
Last up Loki now hasn't guessed Loki. We're playing guess. What's in Jamie's purse?
Come on you have to come over here and talk to the mic. I don't care how tired you are
Okay
chapstick
chapstick
No, it's in my pocket
What happens if you get chapped lips?
I said it's in my pocket.
Oh, it's in your pocket. Oh.
So what happens?
I don't get it.
So here's what's in my purse.
I have a cell phone.
Oh, I knew that.
Number one answer.
Penguin mints.
Good answer, good answer.
That would be my second guess.
Chopsticks.
Sunglasses.
uh... sex dream
sextreme pictures on their junk people
or extreme i'd like to know anything
i wanted
the
our city country now you've got games like uh... matt hoffman's uh... triple
and no one noticed
there are a lot of the triple x bmx or whatever they like that
or bmx triple x is unlike that
you wonder if they're going to ever come out like uh... hollow next reversion of
the year
he has sex cream
no pants on stage
uh... ddr gals panic mix
that would be wrong
what was that one game?
oh god there's this game
on what is that game that you play it's like uh... it's just like kicks
and you're drawing the picture and you get the naked lady
but if you uh...
is that gals
but there's another one
where it flips around
and like at certain times you'll get the evil picture of the demon and there's
like this techno music that plays it goes
everybody right here
it's really funny
the head of the house panic at game live
i enjoyed that joke rob
i may be the only person here who did but
probably the only person on all of the internet that enjoyed that joke but that's alright
my back hurts
this is not like what they were claiming to be the funniest joke
look at the balloons
andy this is a quaint little party room
tell us about uh... shaft any new updates on shaft
let me tell us what you know that shaft
that's what that mother
central now
and that's it
uh...
that joke will be over you it was already that
i think that's that's going to be a
uh...
It's big and hot!
Hopefully it won't run too long.
To quote Ultra Magnus,
it's big.
Bigger than the Matrix.
Ultra Transformer Key.
Yes, Transformers own.
Anyway, Shaft,
November 9th, for all you people who are coming from everywhere.
Dude, we're having people fly here, that's awesome.
How cartoonish of you? What?
What'd you say?
What'd you say?
What?
Anyway, like I was saying, we're going to try to get things started as soon as possible
that morning.
We're going to have an official time release on the site soon.
For people who are wanting to see it, just go to sacbemani.com and click on the link
to Shaft on the main bar.
Click on Jamie's Shaft and you'll see all about that.
You can Shaft that already.
Fun.
No.
But we like-
You remember, you were in deep shit.
you're in like boiling diarrhea okay no oh my lactose intolerance much and I'm
allergic to it too I don't care anyway we're trying to promote shaft here not
have people run away screaming holding their anyway um we have the rules
posted for a perfect attack and we now have the freestyle rules posted 18
freestyle rules will be posted within the week hopefully if you know the extra
points if you dress up like the A-Team, and I'm not talking about the Korean one.
No, we need Mr. T.
Hey, and remember, Mr. T supports Shaft,
he pities the foo-hoo who don't go to Shaft. He's on the site with his orange afro.
You know what, maybe you ought to ask an incentive, an extra
tenth of a point to anyone who dresses up. Alright, people will get
an extra tenth of a percentile point added if they
have the following items. They dress up like an A-Team member or they wear an orange afro.
Okay. Only orange? Stand by to win. Wow. No. What about red? Orange. Why? Because it's
the Wow Wow 70s. And Orange Lounge is sponsoring the tournament. Or you know if you wear a
little you know French girly dress and push a shopping cart around people named
Eric or disqualified sorry I'm just kidding so we're talking about 18
freestyle hello
it's still recording
okay and we drop the microphone the player thingy
fucking thing
dead air dead air
you know you didn't think you could fuck up the show with two microphones and a tape recorder
but
anything's possible you have that light
stand by do you do you know that i hope that both of us
artist loop stand by to win
well
great anyway yes
uh...
that no i'm the 18 will see the end of the just to go ahead and give people an
idea though
we are putting the bars back on the scene raising freestyle
course in the afternoon old-school the 18 freestyle working is going to be on
the court makes it not going to be regular parts of me my bar
he here
you're encouraged to rape the bar
well you are encouraged
to me drop
camp plan
growing and
we ask please no matrix walking
actually demanded because then you know and uh... we encourage a getting bloody
knees on the screws jamie style
do i still have a scar
that my famous but drop you can do that dot you know that's right
well it's the stock
will head out
in the you know it's funny
this way i ran into their door together that way through his line
i thought it was completely random
at target target actually
i'm only straight cashier
i knew it i've been there before and my god
some of the guys that work there are just woohoo
they had to be selling firewood
uh...
Neway?
oh yeah, hi
just you know going from one topic to the other you know the gay cashiers
at Target to Shaft
uh... basically
just to go ahead and give a brief recap we're going to have a freestyle on
both machines
So, for all of you people who are listening on Sunday in the future for us and the current day for you,
we are going to be running fourth mix freestyle first,
so make sure that you decide on your song at registration or pre-registration
so that we can make sure that we have the machine set up for you.
You know, there's going to be no changing your mind once we get to the machine
unless the song happens to be in that machine.
You lay down the law.
Damn straight, or damn gay.
One of them too?
What?
Dan Skippy!
One other thing we should talk about, Shaft.
We're going to have door prizes out the ass at Shaft, and a lot of that's going to be
thanks to the big Shaft right here.
Matt himself.
Tell us about some of the lovely door prizes people can expect to see at Shaft.
You can expect to see a whole bunch of DVDs provided by ADV Films.
Yes, lots and lots of DVDs to be had.
Lots and lots of DVDs.
Are you bribing people to come?
No, but there will be lots and lots of DVDs.
Lots and lots and lots of...
Now what about tapes for those people living in the Dark Ages still?
Uh...
Lots of DVDs.
I suppose I could provide some tapes.
I think we can do that.
But you shouldn't be living in the Dark Ages.
Come out.
I want a laser disc.
Come out and get some Shaft.
Come to Shaft.
Mr. T ate my balls.
So that's why it was singing Take Me Higher.
Take me higher.
Hey, we were talking about Maimani.
We were talking about Shaft.
We can shake it.
Anything else you want to talk about, Shaft?
We are having special prizes.
They are secret prizes. Only Rob and I know what they are. Remember?
We know what the prize is. Shut up!
Oh yes, uh huh. Big prizes. You're going to want them.
We are also going to be having a demonstration the day of tournament.
Are these door prizes?
These are actual winning prizes.
Door? Damn it! Damn it! Damn it, damn it, damn it. I want door prizes.
But we are going to also be having a special secret demo that day.
There's going to be a special demo setup of something secret.
Yes.
Something happy?
Something super! Something extreme!
Shut up!
No, we're not telling, so don't even...
Don't guess.
Oh, I wasn't going to guess.
Oh, okay.
I was going to say about that new GDR, if you notice the logo, it's...
It's spelled irk stream
Not extreme the R is before the X look at the logo DDR irk stream actually
Yeah, it is the prescription symbol the R and the X cross. It's a drug game. They're promoting drug usage. Oh shit
They're promoting drug use
They're pointing to the Ray bars
You are like shit look at this. It's a clown door. It's a little penny door
Okay train wreck radio
That was a car.
Back to shaft.
Shut yo mouth.
Ugh, it feels so good Jamie.
I'm sorry.
Ah!
Anyway, back to shaft.
We are also planning, assuming that I can find one, we are having special trophies for
our 18 freestyle winners.
Ooh.
Ah.
We are going to have, as a trophy, secret prizes.
Well, we could, you know, I mean I'm sure I'll be able to provide like, you know, bronze replicas of certain things if you need, need for that.
Oh my God.
What kind of job are you running on the side, Mookie?
Winter, get the gold shaft!
We give him a cold picture of Samuel.
I hate Orange Lounge Radio. All they ever do is tell potty jokes.
Pencils rage!
Anyway, so all of you have to come to Shaft or I'll hunt you down and kick your ass.
You remember, I know where you live, I saw it on the internet.
Ha ha ha ha.
Let's change gears completely, if you don't turn around Shaft.
I want to talk about another game I just got to play for the first time yesterday.
Drummania seventh mix.
8th Mix is.
Ewwww.
And here's our other Universal Fuck Universal Golf Plan.
Fight our ass.
It's fun.
Was there anything that you enjoyed about Drummania 7th Mix?
I enjoyed playing Another World, but I hated that it wasn't Gax singing it.
I'm glad I can actually pass a song now.
Breakdown owned me.
Breakdown the video to Breakdown rules.
It's a little girl voice.
It's so cute.
It's like, well think about the how to spring video where you had a little panda, that was
cool too.
Oh, pandas are cool.
Okay, well you know all the girls doing doo doo doo doo doo, that that's not cool.
What's wrong with you?
I like animals.
They did put in a new panda song in there though.
Hello.
There's the one that's got the heart in the front and the back, I don't know what it says,
do you know the name of it?
No I don't.
And Bradley doesn't know the name of it, nobody does.
It's got a girl writing on like a silver surfer board type thing and there's two pandas flying
with her.
It's pretty neat.
Silver Surfer was cool.
What? I'm not talking about Silver Surfer.
Nerd.
You said the Silver Surfer!
Nerd.
So.
Nerd.
So.
Nerd.
So.
Dork.
So.
Okay.
This is great radio, ladies and gentlemen.
I hate Orange Lounge Radio.
All they ever do is fight.
Dear Diary, I listened to this show today called Orange Lounge.
First of all, I hate Orange Lounge.
Those little girls are stealing all of my fender.
Oh, wait.
That's the radio show and not the...
Dear diary, today I've got a new hairdo.
Loki wants to say something.
Dear diary, kill me now. Oh, yes.
Totally off the topic here, but on the fourth mix, fellatio, it almost owned me.
Fellatio?
Fellatio almost owned me, there.
Everybody knows.
Fellatio what?
But I kicked pink taco's ass.
Well, fellatio always owns me.
Yeah. What do you think about that?
I think. They're full. I feel.
Um.
Oh shit. You know what? I'm not doing that.
It's gonna be me.
I'm gonna get hit. My idea of what can make this show better,
let's all get drunk and then do it. Oh my God. We're actually
planning a drunk show. Whenever the next three day weekend is
We're doing the drunk show. I don't know when that is for Jamie and I when we both have a holiday
We'll find one. It's gonna make one if we have to
We're getting eggnog it's still eggnog radio
Because it's got dairy crap in it. Well, then you can just drink tequila
We'll give you a whiskey enema I drank last night I had I had red
I'm not it I'm not an alcoholic I sort of know Red Bull mixed with Malibu is
really good that sounds gross red they call it a pebble it was it or is pebbles
or pebble I don't know a dyke made it so it might have been pebbles I think you
were just too drunk to know by the way Red Bull if you pour it into a clear
glass it is the color of urine one of my friends one of my friends one of my
friend says that red bull smells like pussy what do you think well first of
all I don't bend over to smell my own okay if pussy smell that good I'd eat
it every day I'm gonna be the pussy bag I do to quote Rob well I can just go
around going cuck, cuck, cuck, cuck! Can you say the C-bomb on here? Cunt! This is all
Brad does on the show is he comes in and no well no he doesn't just say cut he
comes in and just swears because since we're internet we can say anything we
say he has to make out for the rest of us if you really wanted to remember this
This may be adult content, but it's, you know, recess humor.
Recess? I thought recess was like six, right?
It's bathroom humor.
Orange Lounge Radio, we cater to seven-year-olds.
Poopy! Freak poopy!
Doggy doo!
Let's hear it for the DDR free filters.
What?
The most fun filters in the world.
We have more candy.
Yeah
No, they can't see us dance on the radio
What I mentioned these tape shows tend to get a little too weird
just want to remind our listeners that as they're signing off yeah how about
eight style coming out this week hitting some places finally yeah that's my F you
the week fuck you to the longshoremen people who aren't working right now
because we need stuff off a boat like our eight style machine it just we just
we'll do it ourselves
it is what you do you go it will be right behind you
and all the opposite
they are not working all of ship that baby on in
clear how do you feel guided to shaft
actually during the break i was over kind of looking at that balloon blowing
up the sheen were to the expression is going to be
just admiring
the space
started their airplane no i'm not that sick jesus
that's my child
where
right there oh my god it's jesus
badly savior
you're here
real
and i have a message for you
you're going to hell
we got it
We got a special place for you in hell.
Remember, I'm taking over hell.
Yes, that's heard in the intro to this very show.
My mother resides in hell.
No, I'm taking over hell.
Oh, I don't know.
Working.
Um, what are we doing tomorrow? We're having a shaft meeting.
going globally Saturday yeah we're gonna get global we're going to CCL to global
fuck CCL and they're fucking racist bastards oh well I apparently Derek has
a fuck you of the week spill it fuck CCL and they're fucking racist people what
happened the one of the dudes told my friend he was a Nazi bastard and then
this big huge black guy told me to fuck myself because I said that their their
machine took my coins he said well fuck you one of the employees yes yeah did
you go they reported it that night and and he got like suspended for like two
three weeks or something good and then his fat ass is back again and now he's
really nice to me and smiles and lays all right Betty talks shit behind you
behind your back though I think everybody does you guys probably do too
got that oh my god I can't believe we let fatty on the show tonight you're
not that you're not that you're just big-boned at CCL feel you're not you're
not Derek you're not fat you're husky like Jack a on 227 oh my god your little
boy don't you remember the show 227 on NBC it had the chick from Sesame Street
and Jackie Jesus Christ forget it really dated yourself I'm sorry hey I remember
when transformers was new yeah transformers kick-ass I remember when
transformers was new I remember when the Power Rangers were new I remember seeing
the He-Man movie I mean like seeing it like when it first I don't think we saw
in the theater we saw I saw you see in the theater we saw on tape Masters of
the universe with Dolph Lundgren. We rented it for our beta. Dude, beta. I remember the
inside of my mom's uterus. I got Silver Hawks tapes on beta. What? Silver Hawks is awesome.
Silver Hawks! Isn't that a football team? No, that's a Seahawks dumbass. No, it's not
a football team. Yeah, it is, Seahawks it is. No, no, Silver Hawks, it's a show. It's
like, it's the same thing as Thundercats except they're silver and they're Hawks. And they're
They're in space.
And they're in space.
Wow.
Stand by to win.
Now.
Bow.
Wow.
Wow.
Yeah, so back in the 80s, inside my mom's uterus, weren't the 80s great?
Spider stomp and power pads.
Talking about the 80s, I've been watching VH1 Classics this week and seeing a lot of
cool songs.
VH1 Classic is the shit.
I love that station.
We Are The 80s Show is like the best thing ever.
Ever.
Did I saw the worst video on that?
The Sinead O'Connor one?
The Sinead O'Connor video to put your hands on me.
You know what?
This is how the video goes.
Who'd want to put their hands on Sinead O'Connor?
There's flowers in the background and look, I'm Sinead O'Connor and I'm dancing.
Boy, I can't dance.
Hey, look, it's MC Light and she's going to rap.
Hey, where'd MC Light go? It's just MC Light.
Hi, I'm Sinead O'Connor. I'm a lesbian but I just married a guy.
Wow.
What?
Yeah, I actually saw the get up before the night is over video today.
I'm too poor to have more.
Oh, the mommy related. Very nice. Very nice. Thank you.
Now, if we see the reflex on there. By the way, this sucked. It worked today. I had nothing
but Duran Duran's song stuck in my head. I was sitting at my desk singing the reflex.
I didn't see the reflex, but I saw View to a Kill.
On the way here, I heard Rio.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
80s after 8.
Hey, this is what I started. I was sitting at my desk and I started singing the reflex
and the girl, the tempest who sits behind me, started singing it with me.
so we were both sitting at our desks singing the reflex while the rest of the
office was looking at us
i have to run outside real fast i'll be back you guys take over the show
dun dun dun
dun dun dun
twinkle
anyway so
yeah uh... my name is rob and uh...
you don't sound gay enough
sorry
that's too gay
i'll just like normal and i think that i had brad
shh rob
okay anyway
so how's this stuff is propel water propellant me
but if i get a kool-aid
get over it
very much water
too much bigger
what was that
i did not mean to explode people's uh...
no speakers
i don't know the window and there was not
brought it back
rob is coming
rob's coming
right now the whole
i left my bag outside
and i want to get it for some a little bit
because this isn't a nice neighborhood
uh...
did some guy proposed to me in this neighborhood
really i was like
i was like in this can be a this is you know about a month ago
and i was going to talk to the ticket about things
uh... kundagi for people know my mind
and this old guy comes out of this garden
he comes up to me
and hands me a flower
and says
you know
a flower in the weed garden
do you need a husband
i have one thank you
and i walked really fast
you power walked your way out of that
I power walked my way out of that
okay first of all
where what neighborhood is this again hello
you know i'm i'm here big honky girl in the middle of you know
madison in a
this is still there
hahaha
i'm laughing
When my balls like stick to the side of my leg
Sweaty oh man Rob. I can't believe you missed a survivor to come to the show
I'm not missing survivor because I own a Tivo and those things are the shit
No, I
I swear to God if you read it for me, I will never forgive you either ever. No, I'm not listening. I'm not
Hey, mr. DJ
That's only the market show fans would get that
Who was here in Sacramento last week, by the way, but I I missed it cuz I pour
I know it's me. I could have gone
I'm poorer than you.
Let's play who's poorest.
Whip it out, dude.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to see you whip it out.
No, whip out your one.
All right.
I owe money.
No change.
No dollars.
In fact, I have bills to pay.
Oh, look like somebody's not as poor as I am.
Okay, wait.
I have $19.
You're a boy, you're a boy. Bradley, you're a dog?
Yay. Bradley has a social impact.
I don't. I'm not.
Bradley's really an international spy.
Do you have no money and no job?
Fuck.
I lose. Damn him.
I like that. I like that quote. You mean you have no money and no job?
Brad wins.
Brad wins it, you loser.
Brad wins a forest. Yay.
It's an autographed napkin.
Yes, you win a lovely autographed piece of fecal matter.
no I get evicted is what I get no he won an autographed eviction notice by his
landlord and now here's the prize yes Jamie's autographing this right now you
You got owned, Dark Sakura, by Dark Sakura.
And I'm going to sign it too.
Rod is writing something because his hand is in the way.
Dear Brad, I secretly have harboring a fetish for you.
Yeah, everybody give him a hand.
Tell him what it says.
Here.
Wait, you have to show Jamie what I wrote.
He wrote penis.
Yes, I wrote penis.
Penis!
It's like candy heart.
It's penis heart.
Get it?
And in the next mix
in DR Extreme, we'll have penis star.
Penis star.
And then there's vagina heart.
Trainwreck!
Crash!
Loki, you look really tired. What's wrong?
I'm really tired!
I didn't think anybody knew.
What songs did you just play?
What fun edits were you playing?
and play at it. What? I played Boom Boom Dollar Maniac Doubles and then I played Wonderland
Maniac and then I played Nisabudu Maniac Doubles. What a bootylicious mix. Shake that booty.
Wow. There's tokens in that game over there. What game? Fourth. Oh. There's tokens in Fourth
Mix, hey. Cool. Three whole ones? Yeah. Three whole critters? Hey, let's take the show to
Okay, we're going to go over to the fourth mix machine.
Experimental and sucky radio.
Hey, this radio doesn't suck.
Hey, Brad left his napkin. What an ungrateful little bastard.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Come back here.
I'm grabbing this napkin.
And I'm going to beat Brad over the head with it.
Okay, you do that.
Hold on. I've got to put it in the back here.
This is great radio. How was your week, Jamie?
My week was interesting.
Not really. I worked.
Yeah, me too.
We've apparently got people crowded around the machine.
Wow, we got people. This is weird. Look at this.
One person on Max 2 and a whole crowd around 4th Mix.
Take the microphone.
Okay.
There's too many little kids. I'm going to kill them.
Okay, what we're going to do right now, we're going to go ahead.
Jamie, where's the clock?
It said like 34 or something.
Okay, we're going to go ahead and go to break.
Bye-bye.
And then we will come back.
and uh... i'm gonna play more dvr okay we're gonna wrap up the show a more
segment so please stay tuned
uh... you know i don't know if you want that
which one
question how many people that they could play versus mode in fourth
what or fourth mix
if you're three are sick and they're going on five
wonder there is a lot in one for each of the luigi aro
i worry
We're gonna go to a break. We'll be right back later
You have a heart of gold, it's a bright light
You have a heart of gold, it's a bright moonlight
You have a heart of gold, a day of my dreams
Call me back!
This is a journey into the sound of speed.
Are you ready?
Are you ready for the race?
Are you ready?
Ready for the race, are you ready?
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Are you ready?
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Are you ready?
The wheels go round and round
You hear the scream, you hear the sound
Now you're the last, you're the one for one
You'll be the best to be the one
Come on and join the journey
This is the journey into time
As long as the wheels are turning
Race is on the run
Are you ready?
Ready for the race
Are you ready?
Are you ready? Ready for the race, are you ready?
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Are you ready?
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Are you ready?
The wheels go round and round
And you can hear the engine sound
Every time you're faster on the run
Oh, you'll give it all to be the one
Come on and join the journey
This is the journey into town
As long as the wheels are turning
The race is on the run
It's a rush, a race, from outer space.
Are you ready for the bass, are you ready?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, are you ready?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, are you ready?
This is a journey into the sound of speed.
Are you ready?
Ready for the race?
Are you ready?
Okay, we're coming back from break, and Jamie wanted to show off, so she's getting on Max
2 right now.
Now, why are you picking this song?
Just because it's fun.
Don't you think it's overplayed to all hell?
No.
Ooh, that's that.
Thank you for taking that microphone away, because I was getting all tangled up.
This is going to be amazing for our listeners. They are going to be blown away.
Let's read off Jamie's combo.
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, oh, boom. Perfect.
4, 5, 6, 8, good.
5, 6, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, good, good, perfect.
4, 6, 8, 10, 11, 13, 14, 19, 20, 21.
so what about this weekend so what are we gonna be doing wait back this up okay
okay 24 25 Oh 9 11 Oh 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 13 14 15 4 5
she's doing river what's wrong her pants are your pants gonna fall off while
playing kakumei i'll buy that for a dollar
hold on to the bar for dear life jamie hell no is right
judging this video is so generic i love this video why
flashing squares flashing blocks like a rave squares
I'm so f***ed up!
What is that? A song?
What the hell is that animation supposed to be?
It's like...
Ooh, I'm flying through a tunnel of color!
And there's colored boxes!
It looks like a birth canal!
That looks like a tunnel!
It does!
You can do it!
You can do it!
that that that that that that that that and that and that she passed oh how does
it feel to be a winner oh her pants I'd like to point out the Jamie by the way
has burning feet right now burning feet she's burning the floor yes hey my
My pants are too big, and I was tripping over them the whole time.
Now why this song?
It's like the superstar.
Oh my god, no.
She's playing Love To Me, Light.
I think we can expect to see a lot of, uh, wait, wait, maybe the clouds go up?
Oh hell yeah.
Oh, wait a minute.
We fell out again for a minute. Technical difficulties.
And I was- I'm so fucking out of breath.
And I was talking to the microphone pretending like it was plugged in.
Yes. Aren't I a stupidass? Sorry.
She's gonna be doing hell of a freestyle.
she took all she's facing away
let's go around to the other side
let's stand next to the carousel
this is a main or she's not even looking
for those who are check out the webcam and see this going on you can't
what is the address rob
uh... w w w dot
goats a
that's the x
can't say what could say nevermind
she got a fifty combo
whole issue
all i think she is to the spin
he got me job
me dot me dot
no no no not their mind
all their soul of hope
or she lost about the broker combo
i shouldn't have said that i had a couple of what
she's your self
that was a pretty
that was a pretty strong thought there
let's go to a four-day listening
let's see what the kids are up to a fourth makes really jamie
they'll come back
she's a big girl so be okay by herself
let's see what they're playing over here
are you insane
i think this is was a saints i can't even oh it's one of loki's edits it is
oh it's in the burrow
oh it is
hey you failed oh you failed
you suck loki how does it feel to suck
don't care i'm tired that it was hard that looked like it was pretty hard
it was it was all too bad to do that kind of shit
game over hold out
the game doesn't what have you ever noticed that when you put the memory
card it says inserted and we take it out it's just pulled
out i think uh no he is a very perverted oh wait james
hold on hold on what'd you say now my thumb on this foreign and got me are you
bleeding genuinely are you not leaving are you she's okay she's on she's red
but she's okay what song is she gonna pick yes we know you're bad at it you
already mentioned it you just get husky yeah that's key I probably got I
probably got a bigger belly and you do how much do you have you lost weight
playing DDR? Yeah! How much? Like 40 pounds. The famous composer. Did you stop
like eating, you know, like fat? No, see, I lost a bunch of weight when I did
wrestling and then like I worked at Jack in the Box, I got super fat. So fuck Jack in the
Box and the stupid ass. Oh, don't eat Jack in the Box chicken sandwiches, they drop
them on the floor. Thank you for sharing. Ooh, she's spinnin' the disc! Now see, this
video's pretty cool. Yeah, it's neat. People dancing and shit. Yeah, but it says heat up.
I love the Engrish they usually have in the background sometimes. What would you say is
favorite movie in all of Max 2? Max 2, huh, I'd have to go with Tsugaru. Why Tsugaru?
Uh, those funny looking bald dudes with the little thing on their head spinning around.
Oh yeah. It's funny again. Cool cool. No, change of mind. This is such great radio. This is better.
I'm gonna harass a waitress and an interviewer and shit. There's always next time. They'll probably kick us out.
out dude some of those waitresses are hella cool yeah but last time when we
were at golf land what golf land okay but they have still caliber two and a
an initial D so fuck them all except for those few games
I bet you they're broken today yeah yeah probably have you ever played this
machine the electrifying machine the one that shocks you does it shock you I
never played yeah it shocks you are you serious you want to play it play it live
on air let's see if it'll erase the tape you know i well yeah i can't stand too close yeah
well but sorry the printer doesn't want isn't it four tokens wait put one in and see how
many it wants yeah put one in yeah okay it wants four dude we're gonna get hella zapped
and shit all right everybody he's playing the electrifying uncle fester the new ad we're
gonna ask him what it feels like while he's playing high power and hold on to both of
them hold on to both tell us this and say she goes okay ready don't let go
don't be a bus it's not even on yet
it's vibrating I feel some nice oh yeah that's it says are you getting an
electro oh my god come on you can do it take it take it no come on you're almost
there you gotta get yeah yeah you gotta hit us three thousand y'all take it take
it. I smell burning flesh. That's just me. Yeah! We have, um, I gotta just, let's see
your hands. Did it hurt? Yeah, kinda. I wanna see if it smells like burning flesh. I think
I'm in love now how is that vibrating sensation try to player oh yeah you two
can play you just have to hold hands Ali I guess it forms like a circuit only in
America would you give a machine a dollar to beat you up seriously well we
got the arm wrestling machines what did what did he get out of that nothing
because the diff the damn printer is broken you know what I said I sold my
I feel inclined to go play After Burner.
You want to go play After Burner?
We have a working After Burner here at Scandia.
Let's go play After Burner.
And here we go to play the all-time favorite.
I was asking, hey Jamie, I'll ask you the same question I asked Brad while you were playing Spin the Disc.
What would you say is your favorite Max 2 video?
Long Train Runnin'.
Long Train Runnin'. Right on.
Just because the dude looks kind of cool.
i would say my favorite would be the whistle song you know it's overplayed
that bunny just rules
i go for the classic afterburner classic afterburner
or my favorite no prop cycle afterburner
afterburner
now this is all-time favorite after no this is afterburner when you come to is
the sequel shaft you're gonna see this if they have an old-school afterburner
machine that actually moves you sit in the cockpit
and we can space harrier
he said god i know it
i'm i'm not going to get him up to go get her a token
what is she your bitch
no
how do you feel about being bossed around by this
this guy don't go there don't know
people
i'm going there i'm going home
i think norm half the time good job good job you don't know about ten o'clock at
night
awful
come at you listening to katie about it
it's extreme
there she go out there she has become
are beautiful to me
well paid for one now with the help of those two
who i get a hold of personal it's four tokens to play but it's worth it
uh... you can i go sideways in lightning vibrating shit
you've been watch what happens
do you need all you need she's strapping on she's strapping herself in oh no she isn't
she's going oh she's going rebel style no strap on for here tonight we need what okay
I'm getting squishy, oh here you go, get ready, it will move by the way, you gotta
move back out, yep back out of the way a little
Look how the monitor totally bends at a 45 degree angle when she plays.
This game kicks Beachhead's 2000s ass.
But it doesn't have the cool bubble for the sumo, like sumo ass.
True, that's true. It's not sumo, but it's old school Sega.
Super, recording their songs and shit.
Nah, fuck em.
We play it for money, we just gotta work on it.
It's free promotion.
Oh, she's reloading.
Super zapper recharge.
he's getting filled
how come the machine doesn't do loop-de-loop so she does
how come the machine doesn't blow up so she does?
how did it feel? was it the rest of your life?
dude retro gaming owns
i'll play a game i'll play the prop cycle
i thought you said no prop cycle
why change my mind cause i wanna play everybody else gets to play a game on here why not me
i have to get tokens though fill in
Bemani, Bemani, Bemani.
Broccoli.
Hey, Matt, something.
Low-key lesson of the day.
Don't drink 44 ounces of Hep C and play Cata Doubles all day.
How about don't go eat a bunch of Mongolian barbecue
and then play three eight-footers in a row?
I can't play double Cata's anyways.
Last time I was here, I had just gotten an eating mongo
chow, and I played Superstar, Pollock, and Spin the Disc
all in a row.
Maybe I should get some Mike's Heart of Lemonade
because I think an alien's going to pop out of my chest.
Good just you know as long as you're actually a real person and not like a city drink like 12 of them in an hour
You look really and for the truck right now. Loki is our sweat elemental
I thought I know what's going to fly. Oh, yes. He's he's going
I hope that this has actually sounds today
I've never played this game in my I'd like to stipulate. I've never played this game in my entire life points
to learn pointers pedal fast don't run into stuff and don't be afraid not to pedal to descend okay
you need to steer tightly i have to do it tight you have to be tight okay here we go
get it oh and there's no sound on the machine yeah go us rob is going for level one no no he's
level one without a finger or a going to cliff rock do pedal you can push into
the button the burst the balloons burst it go run into the balloon it's supposed
to make you feel like you're getting nevermind shit I'll just leave that alone
that's just right doing pretty good for a beginner by the way kicking ass okay
Oh, yes, you got two hundred one hundred. Oh, yeah, fuck that shit. Oh
No, I mean Bob has an orgasm. Oh
Keep going
Smash that. Uh-huh. Hit it
Yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, there's a dude on the roof. You should have killed him
Don't run that gives you more time. We'll get the shiny balloons map
For the record, Rob is owning at this game for his first time.
He's got an eight perfect balloon run.
He just got two and one.
Turn around, you've got one balloon.
You need to get six.
You need to get six more balloons.
What?
Shit.
Go in the hole.
This is such crap.
Go down.
Go down under the waterfall.
Go down.
Here he goes.
He's going down, folks.
Shit, I missed it.
That's okay, you've got more stuff here.
Ooh, get the pink one!
What's that one?
Rob goes for 20 for 10 seconds.
And he has increased his time.
He has...
So far his score is a whopping...
He has 12,100...
No, that's 2,150 points.
Wow, we can't read.
And now he's out of the cave.
And he's going into the tent.
I'm flying!
I'm flying!
Now he comes out of the tent.
Oh, I was whomped.
I was whomped.
No, you can't say that's another inside joke with the white boys.
Here we go.
Ooh, hit that shit.
Go faster.
Get it, it's 500, it's 500.
No, it's 200, I can't read.
Ooh, there's another one.
Ooh, you got it.
You got four more balloons.
Yeah, Rob's going to crash.
That's a wall.
Oh, shit.
Yes, this game is brought to you by Doom Honor.
This game is brought to you by Oh Shit.
No, it's Namco.
a fan what's-his-name? Remember, Namco owns your soul
I died. So what do you think of Prop Cycle? That was actually pretty- oh dude it shows
I had no sense of direction. Pop 4 Balloons
and Rob got Wing Leader for his first time that is not bad
That's like third place music. That was kind of fun. It would have been better if the game actually had sound
because I'll tell you that was like the worst radio ever. Uh oh
Matt's gonna play- dude don't you have to pee? Dude wait wait
Missile command. Centipede. Millipede. Remember, what is centipede and millipede famous for?
The one sound. That's your one-up noise.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What's the difference between centipede and millipede?
I don't remember.
There's a punching bag game on the trees.
Hey, what's the difference between centipede and millipede?
Millipede is faster and harder and it's longer.
Like Shaft?
It's faster, harder, and longer, just like Shaft.
Okay. As Matt goes for, ooh, the hard level. The solitaire. Oh, dude, that dude has wings.
Brought to you by him. And he is going for it with a vengeance.
One hundred. And another hundred. Ooh, a choo-choo train. And a train. A choo-choo.
Train wreck radio. I remember this level being really hard. What the hell? That's a...
to dive through the hole. And he got it the one that was in the hole. And now he's heading
into the cave. Loki go down the hole. I want to flush the body. What happens when he gets
a thousand right there? Oh he almost. And now he is in the subway. Getting hit by. Running
into polls this game is full of polls and holes
holes and holes
and he's got another 10 seconds but he's only got 31 left
what's the thousand mean what thousand the thousand below his score
that's lovely
wow he's kind of good at this game
He advanced one day. Day one.
Day? Whoa, he's been flying for a whole day, folks.
And he's chasing another balloon around a girder, and he decided not to go at it.
He's going into another hole.
It's just me. It's me, Mario. No, you're not Mario.
Not Mario! Mario! See, I told you. Whoa, shit.
Dude, that chick would kick my ass. And he got another ten seconds and ran into a wall.
and i want to hear about your ass and apparently you cannot knock down the people that are in the
fuck that that's scary and time is up so how well did it look scary
two points for one play on this game i think that's we got 1400 points he completed the level
and he gets an ending no dude that's coffee man joe hey it's rio from the i made it dude
the guy in prop cycle looks like rio from digimon oh no he's now going to day two
i didn't get day two you didn't get enough points you no actually he did
he did the first thing where you only play once
these people are scaring me i don't see exactly how this goddamn punching bag game oh there it is
It pops down.
So are we ready to close the show?
I don't know. Where's the clock?
Dude, we have like another minute and a half to fill.
Oh.
Last segment five minutes earlier.
Oh, that's right.
This is such awful radio.
What can we do that's exciting for listeners?
Strip!
Let's start streaking through Scandinavia.
Let's see who gets caught first.
Then we're sure not to have Turney here.
know that I'm from here. They don't know me. Let's take a tour around the rest of the arcade
shall we? Let's go play Bubble Bobble. Where's Bub- I thought I heard Bubble Bobble. Did
UltraCade finally get- no it's just UltraCade has the Bubble Bobble sounds in it but it
doesn't have Bubble Bobble loaded yet. It's going to have it in there. So let's- They're
playing the punching bag game. It's scary. That is not Punch Mania by the way. Alrighty.
Alrighty. Wow. I want to see what a weakling I am. I'm going to get more tokens, okay?
Let's go ahead and do the...you know there's two centipede machines here.
Let's walk around and poke at stuff.
Alright. Well, everyone heard After Burner, which I played because I'm cool.
We have centipede. We have one of the best shooter games ever, Raiden Fighter.
Oh dude, you can buy this shit for a thousand bucks.
Wow, a thousand for centipede. I can play it on my Atari 5200 at home.
So we have we got a Harley game
Follow the old old Harley game that's been out. Oh, yeah, it's pretty old a couple years
We have taken tag tournament, which I've been hearing is when it should be upgraded to a Tekken 4
I don't know if it's gonna have Marvel vs.
Capcom to a very very fun game revolution X one of the most fun gun games ever we have
Predator which is Daytona USA
On cue doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo yay
daytona
we have house of the dead 2
which you can play on dreamcast remember typing of the dead is fun
oh i've heard of that game we have gauntlet dark legacy
we have golden tea 4
no that's 4
not 4 with a hyped
which reminds me the very first place i ever played golden tea
was a little ghettocade in roseville called supercade
supercade closed this this month the guy retired a moment of silence for supercade
submitted role because they have played with him also i have to say anyway
i want to talk with the see what a weakling i am
right everybody
or to create a nice thing
patient yesterday our battles
you know that's the main thing
rockman
no actually permanent now that they came in and i don't know i know i know i
know i think i think he's gonna punch this into this
let's see what is the economy
On the meter is, he hit 290.
Okay, he gets to hit it again.
290.
I think Rob gets one more try.
Dude, you didn't even get a rating.
Rob did not register.
Let me try.
Rob's gonna give me money to play.
Who holds what? I'm gonna probably get really bad.
If you do better than Rob, you get to autograph something for yourself.
Alright, here's the microphone.
Okay, here we go. Jamie's gonna...
She's gonna show off what a stud she is.
Here she goes. Uh-oh.
She's revving up.
Oh, cracking her knuckles? Oh, cracking her knuckles.
Here she goes.
She also got 290. You know, I think 290 is what you get when you hit it so weak
it didn't even register.
Try again. Try again, Jamie.
Don't let that scary off.
How many times did you put... How many points did you put in?
I put one.
so i try one more
right now we go
how come nobody's registering to let me i'm a child while i'm gonna do it
i'm gonna do my pop i hit okay
every other flying junkie division
but he's right
i don't think i could even take that i did my accident
right here we go
oops on your foot my bad
anything
always european right now and i think that he brought it out there
where do you think i wanted to be
to relate the like that out
you'll get one punch
i want to play again
they're going to play a play
and they can
yeah i don't want to know i'm gonna head but it
but but but
here is not going to hurt
now my hands too hard
hold on i'm i'm thinking
not reaching me and i get out the project deep into his pants
go jamie go
uh... this may make her forget how much deep here we go
she can reach the ticket i can actually reached about a ticket but not high
enough actually get into the thing
how do you go grow come on
here she goes
and
how
she got to get
i guess it'll lead it again
all
hang on
jamie's though we can tell you that's ok we love her anyway
and that's really myself i'm going to get a salt
we're actually about ready to wrap up this train wreck of a show
and i have a
all that is also a playboy but i would like to point out i believe i was a
little stronger
did you see her
a playboy superman how do you got playboy and superman
although i think it
Lots of the lights are out, but they all light up.
You know, I think this machine is just fucked up.
Hmm, Roseville, anyone?
We'll have to tell Keith to fix this machine.
Okay.
It's time to end the show. Final thoughts, Jamie?
I don't have anything to drink to burp, so uh...
This is kind of fun.
Oh, bite me.
It's fun.
Final thoughts from Derek?
I already have a microphone.
but i don't want
the field
final thoughts from that
that's it at least i want to
he said it's and i think you fight crime and i think that the entire
the wonder bra
any final thoughts on the love slave
i'm hungry
all night
you might just take it
you might just get that
let's get mongoose yeah I hope they're still open all right we're ending this
show now thanks everybody for listening on my final thought the listeners are
never gonna let us take a week off again thanks for listening to our pre-taped
madness why does it say puff puff in his hands in his pocket we'll see you guys
next week we'll be live and we'll be and our fortune cookie message of the week
is are you enjoy very nice thank you we'll see you guys next week when we'll
be live and you can yell at us in the chat room reading it how we suck this
time I won't be there so you don't have to worry about me yeah cuz Derek's and
in deep trouble all right he's not in just deep trouble he is in not boiling
diarrhea anymore you are now stuck somewhere in constipation land hey at
least that's not shit yet and on that note good night you've been listening to
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production orange
lounge radio is hosted by Jamie Summers also known as dark Sakura and Rob
Roberts also known as sky and now here's your fortune cookie message of the day
IN THE NAME OF THE LORD, WE DEMAND ENTRANCE TO THIS SACRED CASTLE!
No chance, English! Dead working tights!
First my pimples at you, and call your door-opening request a silly thing!
You tiny-brained whifers of other people's bottoms!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
