It's a video tape! Put it in! Put it in!
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Boring!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain nudity, Orange Lounge may
contain many four-letter words, hide Orange Lounge Radio from the fucking children!
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I guess there's just two kinds of people, Miss Sandstone, my kind of people, and assholes.
Ron, Rono, he's good.
Missed it by that much.
That's Dr. Evil's cat.
How can you tell?
I never forget a pussy.
37. My girlfriend sucked 37 dicks.
In a row?
And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
You are the weakest link. Goodbye.
So you get nothing. You lose. Good day, sir.
Dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a strange journey.
Dark Sakura.
I hate nature! I just wish the world would explode and then I could take over hell.
Sky.
Do I look like the weather girl?
No.
Everything alright?
Yep, two corpses, everything's fine.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live and this is episode number 15 for October the 6th of 2002.
You're tuned into the Bemani Sings most super duper radio station of all things Bemani.
My name is Rob Roberts but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always is our resident happy bunny.
Everyone please say hello to Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Zakra.
Hi.
You sound so weak tonight, you sound weakened.
Hi!
Dark Zakra needs food badly.
I had cupcakes.
That's my crack.
did you have a whole whole
i don't know how to do
what you call the whole thing
i can already tell me one of those nights uh... small intimate little
gathering tonight we've got we've got our are
loyal here we've got low-key one of things mister show yet
no i have not you're so cool
and low-key by the way
knows how to kiss some host ass and we'll get into that later in the show
how low-key met once a major brownie points
which in the United States
and of course there's the always uh... running into the last second possibly
can be a tight
well earlier but my dad like hell no one
Okay, that's not nice. Cool.
Okay, so we'll be talking to everybody else a bit later, but first we're going to take a quick break, and we're going to do some more of Jamie's picks.
That whole last hour was just nothing but Jamie picks.
This one was special.
We're doing more Jamie picks. How is it special, Jamie?
This particular one is one I talked about last week.
It's basically Osamu Koboda and Tack live doing Presto and Era.
And then the minute one after that is a song that's from Beatmania's final.
It's the Naoki track.
Sounds very good. We're going to hear those.
And later on we're going to be talking lots and lots and lots about Max USA.
Tons of news on that coming up.
And we'll talk about 8 style. We'll see if we can get Naoki journals.
Your FUs of the week and just a ton of shit tonight.
So tell everybody to listen.
Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
Dear Diary.
Dear Diary, Orange Lounge is cool.
Dear diary,
Thank you very much.
.
.
.
.
.
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
Oh, Ash!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
We have Jazz in the chat room tonight.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello to everybody.
We are very glad to have you back in the chat room.
Hello to everybody in our chat room.
We've got lots of people in there tonight.
If you want to join our chat room, you've just got to go to any other side IRC server
like irc.eggheads.org or karma.othersideirc.net and you're just going to join Channel Pound
Orange Lounge.
And we expect you a nice play again.
Yes.
So, wow.
Wow.
Big, how was your week?
Let's transition our way into the show.
That's going to go into my fuck you of the week, so you should hold on to that.
I'm going to tease our, because we usually do fuck yous of the week, like first thing
right away.
it maybe the second half of the show, just because I feel like it. I don't feel like
doing the fucking show. Yes, we're evil. We're going to make you wait. I have some thank
yous of the week though. I've got plenty of happy news for this week. We don't need happy.
We need pissy. I want to be happy. I've got lots of happy news too. Well, as we mentioned
before we went to break, Loki knows how to kiss some host ass around the show, got Jamie
and I some advanced copies of Notorious CHO on tape. How cool is that?
We are happy and need to change pants.
Yes, very happy. I am very happy. So, we got that and also a big thank you to Loki and
Black Lab as well, who is one of our regular listeners also in the chat room. They've been
whoring out the show in their signatures and we always appreciate every free promo we can
get. So, a big thank you to them.
Thank you.
I'd like to give a big thank you to jahi if you're out there listening for cracking me the fuck up on under station live
org last night, that's the radio show I do on Saturday nights and
He was so damn funny on that show last night talking about
Giving the bling bling to Ling Ling
How it's gonna do a drive-by on the pandas
I know it makes no sense to any of you out there
But trust me if you listen under station live org it's fucking hilarious very good on the show last night and what else?
Walgreens
Last minute junk food, around about 15 minutes before I came here.
And vanilla crack.
And yes, vanilla coke.
And there was something else I wanted to thank. I forget what it was, though.
I would like to thank air for being there for me to breathe.
Rob wanted to thank me for being beautiful and inspiration. I'm like a muse.
Here he comes, Mr. Orange Lounge.
He's not very orange today.
today. By the way, that's the only time you're going to hear me sing on this show. Unless
you do your Let Them Move Elmo mix. Oh, God. That's old school. That is old school. I haven't
done the Let Them Move Elmo mix. The only reason I don't do the Let Them Move Elmo mix
on this show is because I know Twynn would get ahold of it and make some nasty remix
out of it. So, I'm just withholding the Elmo bit. So, back in the news about DDR, Bimani.
How was your week? How was your week in the B E Monte world?
I heard you had some accomplishments this week.
Okay, well, I tried to stop counting how many nine-footers I was doing, but I'm still kind of excited about it because I did so many in a row.
And I finally
owned Twilight Zone.
And then me being the big idiot that I am, decided to do so deep.
And my legs gave out from under me. Yeah, pretty far though. I was watching you do that.
Like, I don't know if you know, but Irene, myself, and Brad, we were all kind of huddled in the corner watching you do it.
We were like, oh, oh, oh, oh.
My legs actually, you know when you get so tired that your legs just get really stiff after playing DDR?
That happened to me and I could not move. I actually had to grab the bar.
And you know, the bar for me, I usually treat it like it's made out of feces or something.
Oh, accomplishments. I passed two 7-stars on 3DX. Yay! Absolute in Buffalo. And they were cool.
Buffalo! Buffalo!
Yeah, that song was cool.
I tried many more, but I failed them all.
I'm not good enough yet.
Not until I can pass all of them.
Be for you, another!
Try Y31.
Y31 is easy, try it.
But I can't pass it yet.
I was very, very happy today.
I passed a 7 star in 2DX and I wanted to pass it for a long, long time at sync.
I did Summer Vacation a couple days ago too, which is a flashing 7.
That made me happy.
Apparently my controller is blessed.
Your controller is the bomb diggity.
My 2DX controller kicks everybody else's controller's ass.
And you know, I'm still pissed off about my arcade controller.
Why's that?
Because Konami style hasn't emailed me back, so let me know it's being redelivered.
Fuck Konami! Oh wait, we're not there yet.
Wait, why does your controller kick ass?
Because my controller has magical powers.
I can only pass summer vacation on her controller.
I can't do it on my own controller.
I can only do it on hers, because hers goes clacky clacky clack, and mine just goes...
My controller stuck for like a week, and then I bitched at it, and it unstuck and has been beautiful ever since.
Oh, because I was playing on Scott, white freestyle or whatever, his 2DX controller, and he said that he like shaved it down or something and it worked perfectly. That's pretty cool.
I'm not raping my controller yet.
Yeah, I don't know, but it worked and it didn't stick at all.
I'm scared to open up my controller and give it an operation because I don't know, if you
ever played that game Operation, I was so horrible at it and I'm afraid I'd do the same
thing to my 2DX controller that the big red light would go off and go, eh, you know.
Let me fix your controller.
I will use the power of my...
Oh, you're going to fix my controller.
I will use the power of my bitchiness on your controller.
I will put the fear of me into your controller.
Are you just going to lay it on the ground and just go, you are a bitch?
I command thee to work!
The power of Christ compels thee! The power of Christ compels thee!
Demons be gone from this controller!
I hope my roommate didn't decide to go bed too early.
Good thing. If he's smart, he got out of the house. I don't know.
I didn't see him.
Oh, I'm getting a suggestion in the chat room that when I play Operation, I should take out the battery and I'll win every time.
a winner you know you know what I do what I pick up the thing and jump it
upside down I wonder if we can do that with patience you should be a doctor
Jamie you make tons of money a big special hello to our buddy sharks girl
Just for you, baby.
Hello.
This is a dear diary.
I've got a doughnut with your name on it.
It made me feel all tingly.
I don't want to talk about Monty tonight. Let's just sit here and ramble.
Dear diary, I decided that I was going to be a hockey fan.
Yay!
You know, I swear to God, Naoki and Michael Jackson have got close relatives.
I mean, they're both hideously feminine.
Do you remember the rumor that Naoki was supposed to be one of the hidden members of B4U?
I'm still convinced that he's a woman.
Excuse me.
Thank you. That burp was brought to you by vanilla coke.
It's got that chili flavorings to it that I had earlier today.
And now it's all over the mic.
Ewww, let's rob Mike!
I want to thank Del Taco. Del Taco owns. That's all I want to say. Thank you.
All you people who ate real food today, I've had a doughnut, string cheese, and cupcakes.
Whee! Oh, and the all-important bottle of Propel. Yes.
I'm on the supermodel diet right now, where I have a cigarette for breakfast and a two-shot
tequila for dinner
but when is it
calories what we say that
for the sake of uh... internet radio i think that we get back to anything
relevant half back and i'll fuck the money stop playing the are that's our
advice get your life back
savior but that is the trouble
don't turn out like us
we're here
so anyways uh...
yesterday
went to an awesome
party for Pat. Hey, Pat's cool, ok. I missed going, I went to the go. His birthday. So
we went and we played the DDR sim, of course, the giant DDR sim. It's all about Super Shuffle,
ok. Now, if you've ever wondered what... What, pray tell, is Super Shuffle? Super Shuffle
is what Shuffle should be, it's where every single step is random. And then what's fun
One is, shuffle works in doubles, so playing super shuffle in doubles is like playing twister.
No, and see how freeze arrows work is, freeze arrows are set when the next arrow comes up,
but since, so normally in a song, they have the specific ending, but since, and then the
next note comes up under it, but since there's no note coming up under it, the freeze arrow
just keeps going.
You might have to hold, in doubles, eight freeze arrows.
What happened last night? Scott had to hold all eight arrows. He failed like that song,
but it was funny.
That's when you have an orgy on the dance pad.
You know what, Loki? I'm not playing on your metal pads again until you get the Spider-Stomp
Sim.
I'm gone!
Spider-Stomp!
Spider-Stomp!
Fuck the body, it's all about Spider-Stomp.
What are you taking, Sue?
Well, hi-ho on doubles is actually pretty much like Spider-Stomp. It's just all jumping.
Could you imagine how fucking horrible Golf Land would be if, well, you know, even more
so...
Golf Land horrible?
No!
Even more so, if fucking DDR spat out tickets.
Dude, I would be walking out of there with scooters every day.
I know, but think about just how horrible the lines would be.
If DDR spat out tickets, it's over.
I quit.
You know how much pretty useless shit that we have?
Like I'd have a million little blinking raver lights and like five skateboards and oh my
gosh I spent so much money on that game even if I only got one ticket for every time I
played I'd still have a ton of shit.
It's about time they give me something back for the money I spent on that damn thing.
You know, you get it.
I'm sorry Dave, did somebody say Rayvar?
is the marked
at the rate
yeah
uh...
Yeah, let's get this train back on the rails here.
Should we talk about...
This is what we get for having all that sugar before the show.
Yeah, but I didn't see so...
Should we talk about the...
You ate Cheetos, those are a weak sauce.
So what?
They're orange-themed.
From now on, whenever anyone starts talking about raves on this show, I'm gonna play Sandstorm.
Coming to a Max USA near you.
We think. We're pretty sure.
We hope.
Confirmed, dammit. So, none of that.
Anyway, your little precious update.
Yes, our update.
Naoki's spout-off is a little crap today, but we didn't really care about what he had to say.
All we cared about is new information about DDR Max 3.
Which is that non-stop modes will be making a return.
Whee!
So, hooray for non-stops.
I guess.
So, I guess that'll be fun.
Also gonna be actually not really news yet, but it's coming is next week
They're announced what song won the vote for?
That's actually going to be in max 3 one song one song is going to win the vote
No, they're announcing one song next week, and they're going to continually they're going to continually announce songs each coming
Week so next Wednesday
Okay, I believe it's the night. They will have
They will have the next song for DDR Max 3, which I've heard is going to be Let Them Move.
Saying rave in the chat room doesn't count.
It has to be in the studio, so quit it.
Jamie, quit playing with the ferret.
celebration in the chat room saying, yay, I won't fail Oni Choruses with 3.1 anymore
because non-stops are back. Yay! What song do you think will be announced? What do you
think the first non-original will be? V? I think it's going to be V. That's where my
money is. I would hope, I'm praying, that it's Instant Love. Yes, Instant Love! Hey,
I'll have you know, I voted for that, so if it is, I'd be so pleased.
This would be me.
Instant love, clear cookies.
Instant love, clear cookies.
Instant love, clear cookies.
Instant love.
I swear to God, I'm such a fucking retard, okay?
I went to the site to vote for a song.
I voted for flotation.
Flotation.
I'm such a dumbass and I can't read Japanese.
So let's read what Naoki has to say, since we don't really care, but anyways.
Okay, the beginning of a prologue. With DDR finished and re-released in a matter of weeks, we had to begin work on the second game, DDR 2nd Mix.
Ooh.
2nd Mix represents the beginning of Naoki. What about 1st Mix? Was that not Naoki?
See, I've been saying this.
Because I'm brilliant to you.
Naoki in a dress.
Because of Brilliant to You, a song which quickly gained support of DDR players during its production, in respect to a music producer who played a large part in its production, you credited the song in your own name, Naoki.
The song expresses you perfectly. It's the kind of song that makes a very pleasant sensation, as if the bewitched melody of synths is flowing from the very center of your body.
I have to interrupt for a second just to say, if you don't like Second Mix, if Second Mix does not own your soul, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you a hundred times over. Second Mix is ownage. Jamie and I say so, therefore it is true.
And because we're on the radio, you have to believe everything you hear.
Strictly business, like what?
Nah, brilliant to you, orchestra groove.
Uh, fuckin' tub-thumping. That's all I have to say. Best freestyle ever. Fuck you.
Anyway, I'll never forget the pleasant sensation held by this song.
And so I tried to continue reproducing it.
Incidentally, next time I feel I achieved this was in Dynamite Rave.
Dynamite rave. That's no surprise. That's no surprise. Uh oh. We did say rave. Uh oh.
Oh yes, you said rave. Oh man, this is so sweet. Oh, I'm seeing so many colors, man.
This DJ, oh I love the DJ. Oh, praise the DJ. Oh man. Dude, I just drank my first drink.
Wait, what, what the hell just happened? We have a, we have a word of the day.
We have a word of the day, and whenever the word is said, we play that song, coming to
a USA mix near you, and have our own little... The magic word is rave.
Oh my god. Leave now! Save yourself!
Anyway, back to the Nucky Diaries.
We've got tweroes going here.
Let's see here. Since the second mix, music technology hasn't advanced, but your range of songs is much wider.
Listening to
Your stupid rage
What the hell wait what happened
Welcome to the raid.
Welcome to the raid.
Welcome to the raid.
Okay, back to Noki.
I quit.
Anyways, from now on it's just going to be called Dynamite R3.
Sounds good, okay.
Alright, let's see here.
Listening to the soundtrack now, how do you think that has evolved since these early roots?
Looking back and reflecting on music's second mix, it brings to mind songs like Higher, Baby Give Me Your Love from fourth mix,
from 4th Mix. In fact, these songs feel like 2nd Mix.
I haven't really noticed any... Okay, whatever.
Anyways, there's a strong connection between the music in these two games.
Yeah, because it's the same game. It's the same guy making it.
Anyways, time has shown that 2nd Mix was a huge success.
The 2nd Mix soundtrack CD sold over 550,000 copies,
all for Butterfly. Yes, all for Butterfly and that
Dynamite R3 anyway so with the successive
whatever with the success of second mix lifting my spirits everything seemed to
pass very quickly
and before I knew it I was working on solo base mix third mix and true kiss
destinations all at once
GDR was really starting to take off
what did he write for true kiss destination wasn't that all their own stuff
no true kiss destination had sexy planet and
Celebrate Night. I got it backwards. I thought the other one, Dreams Come True, had the Naoki
tracks in it.
Ah, Dreams Come True sucks.
But it was a good beat mania mix.
Good point. Very good point made in the chat room. $550,000 sold. One billion pirated.
Anyways, some more stuff about the non-stop. They've got, it's going to be four songs in
a life gauge, just like normal non-stops, and it looks like the highest score you can get is 100 million points.
How many pirated copies? The second mixer award, thank you.
Hey, I have mine on Dreamcast.
I'm sure that guy that holds the world record is going to get 101 million.
Oh yeah, dude, our twin galaxy's world record holder is going to get like, you know, 300 points and he's going to be the fucking world record holder.
And then there's, okay, and then on Naoki's little journal there's some other crap I don't know what it is about. It looks like how to play with freeze arrows or something.
It's how to dance like Naoki.
You okay? You're gonna find what? Oh, you're gonna find the translator? Do you want me to go to break or something?
Yeah, but it looks like it has something to do with the use of freeze arrows, like how they're inputted into the game.
I'll try to go back with the translation of this after our next lecture.
It's pointless information. No one cares. We can see by what Afro is doing, he is playing with a blank screen.
So obviously he's not too smart to begin with. So we don't really care what's going on there either.
Then they have some stupid, like, oh, this is a logo for secret rendezvous that didn't make the game.
Oh, cry. Don't care. Okay.
Sniff.
I kinda like that logo. It looks like it's pavement.
Like, this game is hitting the pavement.
Pavement? Girls on couch.
Pavement? Girls on couch.
Girls on pavement. Now you're getting somewhere.
Their house could have pavement on the floor, okay?
They didn't show the floor, they just showed the couch with the girls.
So there, it can be like, wait, it can be like Night at the Roxbury, they have the inside
out night club, and then they have, I almost said it, but I didn't.
What?
What did you always say?
No, no, no, wait, hold on, hold on.
Because that logo that you see before you start the song, I think that's what this was
supposed to be.
And you know, like, before you start the song, all the logo is, it just says, you know, secret
rendezvous written in the neon thing and then, you know, divas.
so i thought i don't know in that aspect of the that was kind of cool at least
has a little arrow drawn under something it's not that plane but
but the lesbian video rules
yeah
was being
anyway so just want to stay tuned for next uh... for wednesday actually for
nike journal three were to be talking about
what he has for breakfast and
and underwear
Here's I. Today my best friend Paula came over to sleep with me in my pressure taper.
I got the idea from my good friend Mickey.
Now obviously we slept together and not together, you know what I mean?
Because I don't swing that way.
Speaking of secret rendezvous, we're gonna kind of transition to another topic here.
As you probably know, the original PlayStation Magazine demo of DDR Max USA hit shelves this week, and one of the songs in it is Secret Rendezvous.
Now, one of our pals in the chatroom, JB, took a really interesting picture. I want to show you guys, and I- shit, I already lost the link.
JB, post that link in the chatroom once you hear that, the picture, so I can show that, and then everybody in the chatroom can see it too.
it's it's a really funny picture about the uh...
the demo i want to show you as soon as jb postal link here
hopefully he's not a minute lag like some of the people in return
uh... yeah i was supposed to mount over a but a lot of stores got it early so
most uh... major grocery stores not stuff out now thank you slinky slinky
into it
and that would be in a chair will show you guys
look at this
if you sort by letter
you get l
the past and speaker on the bill
whether the producers tried to tell you
let's
speaker about the people
uh...
that's a cool
now we have to say about the lesbian they had a secret love us
and you know i discovered
anyway
That's not even- Glenn raises a very good point. What the fuck are we saying? That's not even in alphabetical order. That picture is obviously photoshopped by somebody, right?
Yeah. Wouldn't it be? Cause L- Or they thought it was L. Oops, sorry. Or they thought it was funny, too. Yeah, that would have to be photoshopped.
Let me take a look. Boy, we're easily fooled on this show. Yeah, it's gotta be photoshopped, cause E doesn't come before- or, E doesn't come after L.
Oh, you mean, maybe not.
It would also be funny if it was ESL.
Yeah, ESL, you know.
Because most of the people at Konami must be taking ESL.
They teach it in high school. Maybe they're all still in high school.
Anyways, yeah, so one of the things that they did with this Max demo is they hacked into it and found the song list. Hooray!
So, we actually have the song list.
I don't think that that's a law.
It's debatable and this is a huge debate and we're not going to get it resolved on this show.
There's people said yes, that's the list and there are people people saying no, that's not the list and yes, that's the list and no, that's not the list and yes, that's, you know, what, it just keeps going back and fourth but.
But.
What, what, theory? Okay, let's hear the theory. Let's hear an interesting theory.
DSCS SoCalCIC says it is fake.
Again, yes it's the list, no it's not the list, yes it's the list.
And DJ Konami says, no it's not.
Why don't we just put in the demo and try it ourselves?
That's what I'm saying.
Okay, supposedly here's how they got the list, okay.
They went in to the XA file, which is the PlayStation audio format, you know, that they use.
Now, in those, you can actually listen to the small little samples of sounds that play when you select a certain song.
Now, supposedly since they hurried to get this demo done so fast, they didn't bother to cut that out.
Most average people are going to go,
oh, I'm going to go hack into this and go listen for songs.
So what happened was if someone did that,
which just proves that people that play DDR are sick fucking people.
Yes, so what happened?
For any demo they're going to do that,
they're just going to lock out the other stuff or remove it.
So what they did was they went in there and actually listened to all that.
Now, I'm not sure if there was an actual song list.
I don't believe that there was an actual song list there,
but perhaps they identified stuff based off of what they heard on there.
I opened up a file in a notepad and it shows you a big list and it looked like every single freaking song that's ever been in DDR. Like it was for either some kind of append or it was all the four letter edit codes. That's what I thought it was. It was all the four letter edit codes because it had like Mr. Wonderful and things like that that I know are not going to be in Max.
codes, which that's what I thought it was, was all the four letter edit codes, because
it had like Mr. Wonderful and things like that, that I know are not going to be in max,
that things are not going to be in max Tuesday, but it also had new stuff. It had the short
long trip in there, and it had I Like to Move It, it had a remix of Dynamite Rave, and it
had, oh yeah, I'm sorry, I said rave. Oh yeah, oh yeah, this rave is heavy. Anyway, but that
That wasn't in there. That song. Sandstorm was not in that list which I thought was interesting.
So I don't know. I don't think anyone at Konami is intentionally messing with us. I don't
think that's the case. So if somebody's saying that list is planted, I think it's BS. I think
somebody at Konami just got lazy, but I don't think it was a finished version.
Gee, Konami be lazy on a DDR mix.
Keep in mind that for demos, for a demo, it's often made off of the working copy.
In USA, hmm.
As an example, I had a demo for Umm Jarmulami when it was being released in the U.S. and
they hadn't finished all their translation.
Well, you can only play maybe two levels in it, but when I went into the XA files, it
had the...
I don't know how many people played Umm Jarmulami, but there was a level that was changed from
the Japanese to the U.S., which was she's playing in hell instead of on an island for
the Teriyaki-Yoko stage, but on that it had the Japanese version for the song lyrics.
But it had everything in there, including lists of tracks and edit information.
Why is that still there? I don't know, but I'm assuming they'll probably take that out, but then again, here's another thing that we have to understand when we're looking at this list.
Even if there were all those short samples, remember back in Extra Mix, there was Petite Love, the short little sample for that, and the banner, and the background stuff, but the song wasn't in there.
So it's possible some of the stuff might be cut out.
Very true, and didn't somebody else hack USA Mix and actually found that there's backgrounds in USA Mix for Butterfly, Bad Girls, and mostly the stuff that they cut out of Best Hits, although I gotta say, the one that was really interesting was Bad Girls because they actually found an image of the background without the gun, and Bad Girls wasn't in Best Hits either.
They also, using a GameShark, were able to have it pull up open slots for songs.
Yeah, well here's my theory on why there's so many songs listed on this thing.
Now, especially Let Them Move. Now this is what made me wonder about this.
Because they guaranteed that Let Them Move would not be in this new mix.
Now, before they were talking about appending this with Konomics.
And if you notice, on the list, which we haven't really kind of revealed the list yet, but you know, if you've seen it on the site,
It has pretty much, I haven't confirmed this by actually going down the list with Conomics and DDR Max USA, but they're almost identical as far as the old stuff that they have.
So, my guess would be is that you can actually append Conomics with Max USA. Now, I don't know if it'll allow stuff to be playable, but that would probably be why they have these short samples on there for that.
We're going to find the list, but we're not going to really read the whole list for you
guys because obviously there's still some tricks to it.
It's not the final list.
Basically we're not going to know until either A, Konami tells us, B, a respectable, reputable
gaming site lets us know the information, or C, we have the hot little game in our hands.
What I do want to read off on that list is the new stuff, the new songs that they've
discovered because I'm guessing that's probably going to be the most accurate.
Why would they have information for new songs if they're not going to be in there after
all?
But the old stuff I'm guessing is not accurate.
Things like Ghost, I have a very hard time believing Ghost is going to actually be in
Max USA.
I could be wrong.
I would love it if Ghost was in Max USA.
That's one of my very favorite DDR songs of all time, but I'm thinking it might be some
kind of copy-over for Max for Japanese, who knows?
That would be my guess.
Then again, they could be licensing it from something else.
So it's very hard to say, but we'll have to just wait until when it comes out for that
kind of stuff.
But like you said, the new stuff for sure.
Very interesting.
What do we got here?
SoCalKick sent me the hacked text file, but again, what I'm seeing on this list, it looks
like codes for every song that you see, but you see things in here listed in here.
This is that part of the text file that had all these things.
You see things that I just don't believe are going to be in Max USA, like Captain Jack
Grandio makes Mr. Wonderful, but look, you see these little three-letter codes before
each one, like FLAS for Flashdance, AFRO for Afrinova.
I think that might have something to do with some kind of pen mode or edit mode, I don't
know.
But who knows?
You know what?
No, Flashdance is not economics.
It's just not economy original.
Why don't you take the import version and see if they also have a similar text form?
coding a lot smaller so that's what that is so what some new songs we see in here
that we haven't seen in DDR yet we've got jam and marmalade logical dash look
to the sky true color mix over blast which has been confirmed peace out I'm
for real the shining Polaris that's what I'm looking forward to drop the bomb the
system SF mix which by the way has been sent to me by JB in the chat room so
we'll play that later dynamite are the down bird soda mix take it to the
morning light extended vocal version you leave me alone dark black forest short
trip nemesis cool ain't it good the original vocal mix m2 step version 1.0
1 22 dunk 5 1 1 abyss baby baby give me your love and I like to move it well
that's baby bit yeah some of those so I don't know something's mixed there's
There's some other ones on there too that you didn't mention up the top there.
There's one of them that's going to be, well look to this guy, true color mix is going
to be in there.
Another one was, let's see, what the hell is that?
I don't know.
It's a dum-s-naha requiem mix, whatever the hell that is, Orion civilization, is that
a remix of, oh whatever, I don't know, we don't know. Anyways, it looks like possibly
an Orion 78 remix, probably not good enough. Anyways, Dark Black Force, of course, you
mentioned, there's a, let's see, you mentioned Drop the Bomb, there's a Do It Right remix
too that's in there. The Strap Battle modes. Oh, where the hell is that? Keep on moving
and let them know the Strap Battle version. Oh, what do we got in there? Second Mix. Let's
here again I think it's just a list of codes I don't think the only things I
see interesting about this are the new songs I don't think this list shows us
it really shows us what songs are going to be a max it's some kind of the
database who knows maybe information modes maybe yeah they have dynamite rave
long version in the list and oops I did it again which are songs I don't think
you're gonna be in there so yeah so I again we're pretty sure we'd say we're
about 90% confident that these new songs are reading to you will show up in max
USA but as for the rest what old stuffs coming back I think it's hard to say
from these hacked ones because again the text files they have everything in there
and it's a working it's a work in progress again sandstorms not in this
list nor the other darud song what's the other darud song you were thinking could
in there? Feel the beat? Feel the beat. Feel the beat is not listed either. So, we know
it's missing something. So, it's got to be a working process. So. But it is pretty interesting
and it does open up a lot of possibilities for things we might see. Alright, cool. What
else do we want to talk about, Max? I played the demo. Let's talk about being a measure
are all about all of my god what what happened wire look to the sky with the
beat of a measure off
i mean it was even a trick they were to rumor is rumor is
that somehow an old version of the demo got put on the demo disk
that they
they actually released a fixed to the playstation magazine people but they
put the wrong one on there
i'll be getting a lot of them
i don't know seems kinda
It's like, gosh, somebody should have known what they were doing over there, right?
You know, how does stuff like that happen?
I know I'll be getting a later issue so I can
confirm or deny that.
It's not a big thing, but...
But no, it was a step off, even to the point where I've been tempted to make
an edit to Let the Beat Hit Em called Let the Beat Hit Em DDR demo.
And now what do you think about playing Secret Rendezvous at home?
Pretty cool, huh? It's a winter song.
and then i think i would think well and that the other than the fact that i
don't like
uh... here's another one that found pretty interesting and i'm off
i see the damn name
okay dynamite are three
uh... down for its so it's a mix
and i'm very
i don't like going on to the other way or after because we're getting a dynamite
are
remix somewhere around
uh... we might
maybe we'll get to hear it at some point i don't know we want you as we hear the
drop the bomb it so i got
i think we should go ahead and play it we're gonna play it will play the drop
the bomb x and then we're gonna talk a little bit about uh...
we'll talk about eight style or something we're not gonna we're not
gonna go into full break I'm just gonna play this one song I've got to drop the
bomb mix I'm gonna play for you guys oh this oh it's just a clamp I thought it
was a full song ah shit all right well then we get to hear the clip all right
here we go
I like that.
That's pretty cool.
That is pretty cool.
Oh, man.
It's all going, it's going trancy.
You know what Max is going to be?
DDR Max is going to be one giant rave.
Alright, alright.
i know i'm gonna pick it
i've been wishing i mean i i kinda like dynamite are three
but uh... i've been hoping that they do transferring into that
please
be a trans remix not some god damn awful speed mix
or basement
trance remakes that's what i want did we need more booty music in the area
yes i would like to see some solo based on the music
and i want my baby mama
i know i want to have
that you know there would be trouble for that though because it won't know that's
probably going to be right now
think about it
updated bob
maybe that'll be next next week every time somebody says were booty will get
into it in my baby mama
without screaming like they're doing i want to hear if somebody in the chat
room has that uh... dynamite are clip i want it send it to me
i want to let our play clips of these new stuff so send them to me
got clips of this new stuff send them to me now now now now the power of christ
compels me you know it just makes me a little bit upset about my old dead
computer the fact that i have the exit player and uh... excited and three
converters you
i've needed to get all that stuff again
but we love you we love you all listeners for getting us the staff
so yes
are we going to break
let's break stuff
uh... should it be uh... doing my little intro to the song here that was a i want
to talk about
eight style so we'll talk more about itself for the break in itself
but let's talk about
a two d x eight style we've got one new songs been revealed actually two new
songs in revealed and that those of the super secret hidden tracks which
apparently
i i don't know if this is one of the set
had to be detailed again to rule that you have to a beastly basically kick the
crap at a gopin lease you know
uh... you've got to uh...
triple-a a flashing seven song on hard
and then you get to play a song called sakura
doesn't that make you happy i'll never get to play that donald
uh... so you get that
and then if you can triple-a that
if you can triple-a sakura you get a mr t song called xenoan like i said you
have to be dj lisou
and we're gonna play those songs for you right now but loki
has a very interesting theory about sakura which is a song by revenge
I found this link the other day, you know, to find this song, and I listened to it, and I was like,
oh my god, this is Max Unlimited. This song is a remix of Max Unlimited.
No one is saying it is, except for me, but it's a goddamn remix of Max Unlimited.
It has the same bassline as Max Unlimited, almost identical to Max Unlimited.
I mean, if you listen to the key sounds of it, it has the exact same bassline.
Listen to Max Enigma to get what I'm saying, because that's all he has playing in the background, is the bassline.
it has the exact same bassline, plus it's actually got a spot where they could put
freezes. Now what's interesting is, remember when they were talking about Max to the
XXXM and how they said there's gonna be two freezes in it? There's two spots in this song that
could put freezes for it. Also another thing
is there's a part where it speeds up and you'll actually hear the drum that's in
the background of Max Unlimited
and also the bassline too, and at the very end of the song there's a spot where it goes like
da da da, da da da, you know, that type of thing? Right. It's got that there
Now don't be thrown off by the fact that it's got that twangy shit from Nisigaru and all that stuff.
That's just typical revenge blabber.
First of all, it's not twangy shit. It's traditional playing, so don't, you know, shit on it.
Okay, it's traditional twangy shit. I'm just kidding.
I'm just saying it.
I'm just kidding to talk about it.
But this is my theory. This song will be the new max.
Screw this max to the XXXM that this...
All this fucking internet rumor shit is really pissing me off.
So some dumb-ass Japanese guy over there comes up,
oh, this sounds like a good name for the next max.
And then puts it out there.
Some idiot copies that list, and then more idiots
copy that list.
And then people start taking that for fact.
And then we copy it.
You hear it here first on Orange Launch.
I never said that that was a song.
It's the dumbest name ever.
Sakura, OK, I am going to put my money on this song.
This is going to be the next max song.
It is the coolest name ever.
And it is going to be the next max song.
I can almost guarantee it.
i'm going to say actually i am going to guarantee this song will be in max three
if not
the extra stage
because who knows they might actually come up with some other stuff for max
three
and we got cockamamie didn't we
i did you can only would like to welcome you to the internet lucky
when it comes to the group
you know that this reminds me of the old picture hello and thank you
tall is yelling at us uh... we love people that
Sakura is a Japanese folk song with the max bass line.
Actually, that was something I played it for my fiancé, Dan, the other night, and he even
mentioned that he heard it in another game that had a level that had traditional music
playing in the background.
And actually, come to think of it, I do remember hearing it before, so that's why I'm personally
a little bit iffy about that theory.
However, I wouldn't put it beyond them to make that a bonus.
Now, uh, how much money are you putting on this, Loki?
I don't know, I didn't say anything about money.
You said you're putting your money on this, that Sakura's gonna be the hidden song.
My credibility, how about that?
Oh!
Here's what I'm saying.
Your dignity?
Yes, dignity.
And here's another thing!
It's 150 beats per minute.
Oh, wait!
Double that, and what have we got?
300!
Oh!
see that one coming
i mean come on
do we need to like
anymore clues that this is going to be the next max song
okay or if it's not
they get a really shitty ass job with creating a new song let's just take the
baseline from this one and throw some other stuff on top of it oh new song
there you go
i say let's just play it
we first off we did get that clip of dynamite rave we were talking about earlier
uh oh uh oh
I said the word didn't I my bad my bad oh my gosh this tastes like aspirin that
was we got this clip of the dynamite our song now I'm being told though that it's
kind of messed up and kind of scratchy and it's gonna mess up we haven't
screened this yet so we're just gonna play it live on air for the first time
sorry it might be effed up but it's only 15 seconds so deal with it okay here we
go. Yeah, sounds like Naoki to me. Double your pleasure, double your fun. Fuck twins.
i don't know whether whether
give give uh...
don't go out
rate
it's dynamite
diaries
area not for that
yeah minus the fact that it was uh... double your pleasure w fun time uh... it
was it sounded a little bit ransy
and you might begin your wish
little fat more like a k o g now i think it
it sounded like
freaking european
all they need to do is just slow it down you know like when you're listening to
the song in 2DX and you put it in training mode and slow it down all the way
it sounds like a ska song they should do dynamite or ska
I don't wanna give up
alright let's get to the songs from 8 style
we're going to start this off with sakura and then we're going to get to the special
super special stage mr t was you know what
after that we're going to completely change gears
and we're going to hear a gax song
because jamie demands it
yes sounds good to me. The gax song is by the way the one that made it into
guitar freaks eighth mix
it's uh...
another world
and
okay kids you can send me your fus of the week over messages in the chat room
we'll get to those
in the next bit here on Orange Lounge Radio.
.
.
.
.
.
Yeah, yeah, yeah...
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
Sedation Live with Travis, Rob, and Jessica, Saturdays, 6.30 p.m. to 9.30 p.m. Pacific Standard
time at under sedation live dot org
I'm not afraid of the future
I'm not afraid of the future
I'm not afraid of the future
You don't need another voice
This is the end of the video.
If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel.
You've done me another way, you've done me another way
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
You're just going to go up the street and you're going to make a ride at the Shell station
and you're going to...
Watch out, put the job box.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, which is...
Hey you!
You five year old!
You give me your lunch money!
I can't you
we taken Jamie on down to Sesame Street
no
no no more no more it didn't get picked up on microphone we can't play it
if it didn't get picked up on microphone
I love you, Jamie. I love you, guys.
Hey, you know what I'm learning how to do, though?
I'm learning how to hit the buttons right on the keyboards.
I can bring up that rage thing right away.
Rob Masters keyboard command. Film at eleven.
Anyway.
Our chat room cries every time we do that, by the way.
We love you, guys.
Our chat room just gets, you know, every time that somebody says the R-word,
The chat room just gets completely out of hand. They just all at once, they just start getting into it.
They just start yelling out in the chat room. They just all start crying.
They all start crying.
Oh, I said it.
This is never going to get old. Never.
It's ancient. We need to pick a new song on the show.
Booty!
Our next song on our next live show is gonna be Booty.
Oh, speaking of the next live show...
Speaking of Booty...
Our show. It's a complete booty.
Next week's show, this coming Sunday show...
Thank you.
Next week's show for October the 13th...
Ooh, lucky day there.
October the 13th show will be pre-taped.
So we're not going to be doing it live here in studio, so don't come to the house next Sunday because we won't be here.
We're going to pre-tape. We are going to pre-tape I don't know where. Where are we doing? We're doing Scandia?
Scandia. Thursday night, I think? Is that what we decided on Thursday night? Thursday. Thursday, Scandia? Friday's not enough time for me. I want to get out of town by Friday.
Thursday. And then we're going to do it Thursday night at Scandia. Sounds like a plan to me. Winner.
So, we will keep you guys posted on the details, though.
It'll be the topic in our chat room.
I'll make it the topic in our chat room and I'll post about it on sacbamani.com for the locals,
because only really people in Sacramento and maybe the Bay would be able to make it to a live taping anyway.
So, we're going to...
Hey, if you want to be a special guest, show up.
Yeah, just show up.
If you want to be a special guest, you're in the area.
And give me a dollar!
And if you're going to be in the Bay area, you can drive on up.
We'd welcome you with open arms.
You know, saying open arms makes me think of Journey.
I love how I ride to you with open eyes.
Hey, but we have a Journey fan in our chat room.
I fucking love Journey.
But you know, it makes me think, I saw this preview on VH1 today.
VH1's going to do like a hundred, the top hundred guilty pleasure songs or something like that.
And Don't Stop Believin' was in there.
Winner.
That song is winner.
I put that song on repeat the other night.
Okay, for people who actually read my live journal, I'm going to have to have that as my live journal song for the night.
Okay, good deal.
And we'll have to do our own little guilty pleasure set soon, some week.
We're going to have to do our TDR 2DX guilty pleasures.
Okay, right now I'm commissioning somebody.
Make me this remix. Make me Dynamite R-thingy mixed with R5. It would sound good.
Dynamite R5.
Dynamite R5.
So would that be...
Yeah, okay.
Yes, Thursday is going to be all about Retro Edit Day. I'm going to bring back all the old fourth mix edits I had.
Cool.
Retro Edit Day. Hell yeah.
If I could come, but I probably can't because it's school. Uh-oh
No, I would totally play all the edits that are already pre-loaded onto the fourth mix machine like the B4U edit
They're totally rules, and there are some other ones too. I forget
Don't forget about the edits that are in my pocket. They have the stomp to my beat
So live on Thursday when we tape it Scandi
I'm going to see if I can make this happen, if I can get a video camera by then.
For those of you that were listening last week, you heard us bitching and bitching and
bitching about these ignorance, ignoramuses at twingalaxies.com, who do the world record.
Do they conjoin Twin Galaxies?
No more references to USO.
I'm not allowed to talk about this show on that show, so we have to limit it.
We're gonna quote a, nevermind, Trav if you're listening, you know you're cool.
But you're an asshole for not letting me talk about DDR on that show.
Hey, he talked about the Orange Lounge yesterday.
Yeah, he made fun of it.
But that's still airtight.
That's still promo.
We're gonna do that live, so it'll be rebroadcast next Sunday.
If I can get the video camera in time, we will do that over there live.
I hope Black Loud can get over there Thursday because I know he's probably going to get
the best score out of any of us that I know of that would show up.
We just didn't need to do the Traveling Road Show too, we need to do one from Tapioca Express
and Davis and you know we'll find that bowling alley in the movie theater in Auburn that
has the second mix.
How would that be?
Yes, this record was shattered in a Tapioca Express.
That would be winner.
Think about it.
That'd be just like seeing, you know, this record was shattered by a paraplegic in a...
I shattered this record while eating squid.
Well, the record was also set by, like, some total moron, anyway, who made up his own rules.
It's like, okay, here are the rules!
I win!
I'm still thinking we need to criticize the rules and send them in and to point out each
and every reason why they're wrong and why they're idiots.
Rule number seven.
I can only win.
No one else can win.
Just me.
D- He's ugly.
Chat room is getting their panties in a bunch cause we haven't done the fus yet.
D- So, we're gonna do the fus right now.
J- Cue my music!
D- So, Jamie-
J- I love this game.
D- I just wanted to let that little thing do the talking for you.
D- You know, who else likes that thing?
J- Roo?
D- Christi's two year old daughter likes that.
J- I just remember having a particular somebody over here humping it.
D- Dude, what?
J- Nevermind.
Shh! What'd Dave do?
Dude, you are a foul tonight.
You're a foul. You're gross. Okay.
Chili, I'm telling you. The chili and those cheese things.
Yeah. I know.
I can smell it.
Jamie, do you have any FUs of the week?
Of course I do. Um, as soon as I think of them.
Well, I have my secret FU, which none of you are going to know about.
A few people know about it.
I know I know I know the secret of you. I know it. I know it
So I'm not telling for anybody who wants to know what my secret if you is, you know, try to find me online
try
Found you you want orange lounge every Sunday night, bitch
I just forget, leave it to me.
Um, no, my other, um, other FDs that I have goes, one of them goes toward voltage, dammit.
You saw me play that song!
I did, I did.
You saw how damn close I was to that song.
Um, of course I'm seven feet.
Um, I have another one that, uh, dude, I said what my FDs were at the beginning of the show.
Dammit, I'm not giving up.
Oh yeah, my other fuck you goes toward, well, it's a kinda sorta one.
I got a job and I liked being unemployed. I like living off of my own parade for welfare
I was a welfare. I was an employment. It's different. You know. I'm not you know poop it out, baby
Lock them up in the closet feeding them you know
You know five-month-old the funny the funny thing is is if you ever did have a kid
You would fight with them over who gets to play Nintendo. You really would.
Fuck them, that's mine. I fight for myself.
They want theirs, they can earn their money and fight themselves. Hello.
Anyway, but you know, my job keeps me so busy and I have hardly any time,
so I'm like this zombie here in the week, and I came in the zombie today,
and I found, though, I do have a happy thing. I need happy music.
A happy thing?
I have a happy thing.
Oh, happy music, happy music, happy music.
No, I got I got happy music. I'm just looking for it. Hold on. Hold on. I'm looking. I'm looking
I have the perfect I have the perfect song if I can find it. I got it. He's happy song
Anyway
My happy thing is I've discovered a wonderful drink get a drink to make it work. It makes me hyper
It's called taking the coffee once the coffee has been brewed and people have poured and there's about half of the container of coffee left.
You pour yourself a cup and add in a pack of hot chocolate.
You add in hazelnut creamer and then some sugar. Mix it up and add more coffee and that's instant go-go juice.
It makes you hyper for at least two hours. Top that with penguin mints to get rid of the bad breath.
I get my work done fast.
Fair enough. Any other FUs or
bless yous or whatever we're calling them?
Well, other than my secret FU, because I'm not going to be in as much of a bitch as I was earlier.
No. And you know, fuck that!
And fuck Twin Galaxies. I mean, conjoin Twin Galaxies.
Okay, fair enough. Fuck them. Fuck them right in their nostrils, because their ass ain't good enough.
the
i'm going to know why it's my turn
uh... my f use the week
my own job
who has moved me to a new cuba that's half the size of my old one
right in the middle of
fast lane where everybody walks through so i can't really exactly get on the
internet
indiscreetly anymore so that's kinda sucks to know i'm not gonna be able to
I might actually have to do work at work, and that's just not right.
You can't sit on there like I do.
I know, I hate you. I want your job, except you don't make as much as I do.
I don't do anything. I download hundreds and hundreds of megs of stuff on a D1 line.
Do you have to take phone calls?
Well, we're supposed to, but we don't have to. If we don't take the call, it rolls over to someone else.
Damn, I want his job, because I don't like talking to people on the phone.
Get me a job.
I get tons of ammo.
Yeah, I know. You get free shit, too. Man, I hope he's got dream job.
Anyway, I guess that's my only F.U. of the week. I don't think I have any other F.U.s of the week.
It's been a fairly okay week, I guess.
F-drama.
F-drama. My life is not passions. I am not living in passions land.
How do you make my life feel like passions?
Well, let's see. As promised from last week, I said I would have a nephew this week.
Oh, okay. Yes, you have a nephew.
Now, as much as I'd like to learn how to program my remote control and what to do if there's static on my screen and that kind of stuff,
I don't like the fact that Dish Network took away all my channels.
I would turn on the TV this morning and all the channels were locked out because they said that they did not receive payment from us, however we had already paid them.
They suck. I have to use the Dish Network because they suck and I don't care how to program my fucking remote and what the hell it can do.
And obviously if there was static on the screen I wouldn't know how to get rid of it because I wouldn't be able to see the stupid broadcast about how to get rid of static.
God, I hate Dish Network, although that one chick in the commercial has a nice rack.
She has a nice rack. Nice, nice rack.
You heard it here first. The chick in the Dish Network commercial has a nice rack. And now the day.
Yay. I only have a couple of FUs.
You get the same song because I'm lazy.
Yeah, okay. I don't want the same song anymore.
Alright.
My FUs go to 2 EX songs that I can't pass. Mainly, Safari, the shitty EX song and I hate to crap out of it.
And Love is Dreaminess and G2. Love is Dreaminess on Seven of Stars, or Seventeen, and the other two on my Seventeen.
I can't pass them, and they are hard. Very hard.
Okay, that's it.
Oh
Well, we're gonna do uh now we have our requested dedication too bad we don't have Casey case in here to do it for us
I you know, I dedicated the dead airspace on the show to twin, but I feel kind of bad a little bit
So we're going to dedicate this one song to you
You feel special, you feel loved, good. Thank you. Can we get back to the FUs now?
All right
Say the R word.
Say it! Say it!
Say it!
I don't want to say the word.
It's a bad four-letter word.
It's a bad four-letter word, okay?
It's the four-letter R word.
What four-letter R words are there?
Rave!
They knew it was coming.
See, it's just funny, because every time someone says that, Rob throws his hands up in the air and acts like he's not, like, partying.
It's so funny.
Rob starts doing the club hoochie dance.
I mean, this is a good thing he's not, like, standing up.
I do the I-want-to-get-some-tonight dance.
Okay, we're going to go to the chatroom FUs now.
Uh, oh my god, some people just wrote some fucking novels tonight, so I'm gonna be quick.
Black Lab. Well, Black Lab's cool, so I'll let him have all the FUs he wants,
cause he's, he's whoring out our stations, so...
Excuse me, excuse me, boys, can I do an FU here? Thank you.
Uh, you wanna share with the rest of the network here?
You have enough for everybody!
Okay, but yesterday at Pat's party, which was awesome,
uh, Loki brought, er, he has got the massive sim, uh, DDR DX or whatever,
And one of the songs is by this one guy, and he basically layered his voice over and over, making all the different noises, the songs like V-X-Y and V.
Yeah.
We're gonna get to those.
Yes, later. So, wait.
I now have two microphones. Be scared.
Gimme! My microphone! Here's Robert.
Back to the FUs now please, thank you.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Black Lab, our buddy, our pal, says fuck the Yankees, they deserve to lose.
Fuck the Twins for beating the A's, dammit.
Fuck my allergies for knocking me out on Monday, I missed two classes because of it.
Fuck the University Dining Commons for closing their dinner times at 7 p.m. and locking the doors five minutes before 7 p.m.
Fuck my bike for getting a flat tire as I left my last class on Friday, thus forcing me to walk at a half an hour across campus back to my dorm.
Fuck the T1 line in the dorms for being so overcrowded, 250 or so people share it, and
so slow that I can't get more than 5k a second on downloads, fuck the local ride aid for
closing at 8pm, I couldn't get my bike parts when I needed them, fuck the UC housing commission
for not letting me bring my car up because of parking issues, I would have been at the
show tonight to give you the rest of these FUs in person if I had my car, and number
boyfriend bitching me because he thinks I broke their percussion freaks machine
we just got on Friday he does say thank you for percussion freaks fourth and
PPV first hooray for Korean knock-offs f you to AOL I am for cutting me off
every minutes every five minutes on Wednesdays and Thursday mornings f you
to his attitude in the channel earlier this week f you do stuff f you to other
side IRC dot net for being down this weekend yeah f champs ethnic service
Yeah, fuck that.
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
There's number 10.
Oh, did we get number 10?
Oh, fuck yeah.
This black lab's number 10.
SoCalKicks says he's had a pretty crappy week.
He was supposed to not be here tonight.
He was going to go out and hang with some friends.
But here he is in the chat room, sending his FUs.
He says, fuck you, Jason, who didn't drive me to Boomers to see Mike,
who I haven't seen in over a month, and who I really, really wanted to see,
and fuck you, Sky, for threatening to cut me.
There's a long story there that I'm not going to tell on the end.
I did I did I did threaten the cut so cow kicks earlier. I'm gonna cut you
Yes
JB says
fuck you to anyone who hates Jenny Ron, they can all suffer massive quantities of pain and
Fuck you to himself for almost failing freshman seminar with a D
23rd maggots says shine get and F you to shingle Springs they stole my girlfriend
two words suicide watch oh that's that's kind of harsh we're sorry to hear that
I'm sorry more than J says f you to all the people who asked to use my health
Baby egg baby as a football. They can't abuse it. That's my job
Give them Tamagotchi for their
More yes, DJ Konami wants to give an F you to some of the lives of his death
And Joe mama says f you do his computer for being shitty after Microsoft made me update
That's why you never download the Microsoft.
Ask Microsoft for getting into Licksang's business and shutting them down.
Fuck the Xbox. We need more angry music, we do not need love music.
Bigger console meets better console, correct?
You know, fuck Microsoft.
Now Jamie is going to have to buy all her stuff from BuyRight.
Oh hell no! Jamie does not buy from BuyRight because they are stupid fucks.
I'll have you know that I bought my original DDR Max Japanese version, the one I eventually sold off later on,
but I originally bought that from BuyRight and I had no problems whatsoever.
No, no, no, this is what BuyRight does.
But yeah, I know, we know about the whole Tekken thing, so...
that's all right but they're right
in one of their powers because none of the other orifices are picked up
okay i want it painful
that you know what i do have to say i did find my copy of uh...
uh... jack like smudged in the moonlight
often in the united states and the other but that a version there
for twenty three dollars when it was brand new and now it goes for over a
hundred on ebay twenty three dollars
about that
all right last chapter map uses the last one signals going on
twenty-third maggots says uh...
shine moves
so
well here's a big here's a big hug from jamie night
more than jay says fuck microshaft for putting down that line it's project
lennox
you know i still like what my friend called
i thought that you know microshaft
macron cause a micro
on that note i think it's a dot com
on that note i do believe we're going to take another break
uh... what i want to play this break this break i want to play some vincent
amor because i think he's awesome so i have a new version of flotation
from his greatest hits this one in a big one long long hugs and kisses
to call for sending this to me
he rules he sent me some of his tomorrow comes this week
and i'm gonna play this is a new version of flotation that will actually is not
really news is from his alan's new to me
and his new door launch
this is a flotation radio mix
and then we'll play something else may be some of the main stuff that is love
is orange
was a lot of orange
will love is orange and play that one
and they will come back and we do we do listless
yes one i'm going on a regular list list where delicious night
will come back with a list list we're not telling you the topic so we come
back so it's gonna be kind of a longer break but that's ok to replace a good
Good shit!
Teehee!
radio.
Sound the rain, river in the mine
Load away, leave it up behind
Sound the rain, river in the mine
Lord of all of me, give it up behind
down
up
up
up
up
Proud of me, living in the mind
Lord of all, leaving love behind
Proud of me, living in the mind
Lord of all, leaving love behind
Duh, duh, duh, doo, doo, doo
Duh, duh, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo
T-A-N, T-A-N, T-A-N, Y-A-N-N-T, A-N, T, Y-A-N, T
A-N, T-A-N, T, Y-A, N, Y-A, A-N, T
A-N, T, A, N, T, A, N, T, A-N
T-A-N, T, A, N, T, A-N, T, A-N, T
A-N, T, A, N, T, A-N, T, A, A-N
T, A,N, T, A, N, T, A, A-N T
T-A-N, T-A-N, T-A-N, T, A-N, T, A-N
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Step it into the good life Step it into the good life
Baby I don't care, don't want to be alone
Baby I don't care, don't want to be alone
Every face I see is cold as ice, everything I touch is grey
Ever since I lost the imagination
Like a stream that flows into the sea
I am lost for all eternity
Ever since you took your love away from me
Sometimes
The sound of goodbye
It's louder than any drum beat
It's so dry
The sky will be fine
Louder than any strong beat
The stars, the stars of the stars
I know that there ain't anything wrong with me
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bimani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright we are back, this is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 15.
episode number 15. We, as promised, are going to do a listless, one of our favorite segments
on this show. Why? Because we get to make decisions. And you just have to deal with
our list. We put it down and we say this is the best or worst ever.
Our word is law.
It is law.
Resistance is futile.
So, but really the final ultimate decision lies with you guys in the chat room. So, get
into our chat...
So don't fuck up.
our chat room right now at IRC.eggheads.org, channel pound, Orange Lounge, and you can
vote on our list. Basically, the way this list works, we're going to give a topic, and
then I'm going to give three songs on that topic. We're going to give our top three,
all the four guests here tonight, Jamie, and then Dave and Loki, we're all going to give
their top three answers.
Yes, I am the host.
You're the host and the guest.
The hostess, the hostess.
I'm sorry, did I put you under, I meant the host, Jamie, and the guests. You can't see
my hand motions, that's why. We're going to be revealing our top three, and then the chat
room votes. No, then there's the elimination round. Our favorite part, what makes this
game the best. We piss each other off. We piss each other off by taking one off the
list. Then each one of us gets to take one off the list. And then the finalized list,
you guys vote on and we get a top three right from there what's the topic you
ask well it's a topical topic what so do you best like to pick your nose to know
it is what it's it's going along with what's being in the Bemani world right
now what Konami original song that's not already in DDR do you want horses we'll
tell you the topic where we're damn right I'm telling them right now what
Konami original that it hasn't already been in DDR would you most like to see
What did you vote for on the site to determine what song should be in Max 3?
Konami Original.
Yes, Dave.
Okay, so this is any...
Are you Stardius?
No, it's Konami Original.
It has to be Konami Original.
What's Konami Original mean?
I'm not...
Did you already make a list without Konami?
I think.
I don't know what the difference is between Konami Original.
Oh, my God.
We might have to make a list.
Did you already make a list without Konami?
I think. I don't know what the difference is.
Oh my god. We might have to take another break.
Okay, fine. No.
Alright, fine. No breaks.
Any song in Beatmania that was by Konami, you know, Naoki or something, that hasn't already been in DDR.
I'm trying to think if they were by Konami or not. That's the question.
We'll let you know. Don't worry, Dave. We'll let you know.
Why don't we start with Dave? Dave, what is your number three?
Okay.
Konami original.
The number three choice is V.
Good morning Dave.
Is that, does that qualify?
V, yes, V counts.
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
That'll count.
V.
And it's less work for Rob to type.
Yes.
It's very little work for me to type.
All right.
Loki, next!
All right.
That was a very difficult decision, but I'm going to have to go with instant love.
Instant love!
Oh yeah!
I thought that would show up.
Dude, cool.
No, it's not my good cool.
I believe it's by I said dude cool. I said good cool
Jamie what's your number three choice? Oh any reason why we have to ask the reasons?
Why why instant love because you know if they've got to put let them move in there at least make it a good remix of it
fair enough
Dave your reason for me
It's a good song. You know I actually have to vouch for me because for anyone who's played
They'd pump it up.
There basically is winter and pump it up and it's freaking amazing.
So I fully already know what it would be like.
So for my number three choice, I actually have to go with Release Your Mind because
you know, I'm Tac's whore.
Fair enough.
Release Your Mind.
I'm typing with one hand.
Uh-oh.
Better get that plastic cover ready.
Just because TAC owns, that's it? That's your reason?
Because I'm secretly in love with TAC. I guess it's not much of a secret anymore, is it?
You said if for some reason chaos struck the world and it didn't end up that you and Dan
are together forever, you said you would marry Margaret Cho and TAC. And that's it? Or is
there another one? I thought there was another one.
It's TAC. TAC would be my hetero choice and Margaret Cho would be my lesbian choice.
Alright, my number three choice is a rather new choice, but you know what? It owns your soul. It's V35.
Because I fucking love that song, it's 8 style, and if you don't like it, you can suck my dick.
Alright, Dave, your number two choice.
Okay, my number two choice is Give Me a Sign.
Well, check out this on my fake journey video, how much you like?
Yeah, cause that song runs.
I promised I wouldn't sing tonight, I'm sorry.
And yeah, it would make a good song.
That's just our little song for tonight.
Uh, Loki, your number two choice.
Dear Diary, today I heard someone like the song that I really didn't like.
So I'm gonna go to America and quote, suck his dick.
Anyways, now, my number two song would have to be, um, and you heard it during the break, VJ Army.
BJ Army
Ah, BJ Army
Because there's already a D.W.I. for it out there already and it's an awesome song and
it reminds me of Wild Rush because it's got a bunch of different styles of music in there
kind of all blended together.
Yeah, it's kind of fucked up.
I like it.
Thank you!
Jamie, your number two choice.
My number two choice.
It would have to be more tack, Indigo Vision.
Indigo Vision.
Just because I want to do the freaking da da da da da da da da da da steps, you know.
just be so cool fair enough my number two choice and if you don't like this I
kill you you also heard this during the break love is orange that would be so
awesome to dance better than others dreaminess hey now watch out that could
be my number one you don't know fucking love love is dreaminess okay yes one
Number one, Konami original.
Drumroll, you hope.
We'll buzz you, don't worry.
Wow Wow 70s.
Wow Wow 70s.
Yeah, Sampling Masters, I think they count.
Sampling Masters will count, I think.
Okay, that would be cool just because the afros would be in the video.
Yeah, and if you listen to it, it would make a really good song for the steps.
It would go along really well.
Wow Wow 70s does own.
Loki, your number one Konami original ever, ever, ever, ever.
I just love this song, I mean, ever since I heard it.
Outer Limits, because Outer Limits, ah.
I was hoping when you said outer that you'd say outer wall, but...
Jamie, your number one.
My number one.
It's a toss up, but I'm going to have to go with Happy Hopper.
Happy Hopper.
It would just be insane to play, and I'm requiring that you play that during the deliberation
music because I say so.
My number one, Black Lab, you're wrong, I didn't put Summer Vacation, although that's
not a bad idea.
My number one is Flotation, oh wait, I fucked up, because that's what I really did when
I submitted what song, I put Flotation.
But no, my number one is actually 321 Stars.
That song would own in DDR.
And if you don't like it, poo on you.
So our full list before we get to our favorite round, the deletion round, is V, Instant Love,
Release Your Mind, V35, Gimme A Sign, VJ Army, Indigo Vision, Love Is Orange, Wow Wow 70s,
limits happy hopper and 321 stars so now we get to do our favorite part and that
is the deletion round so let's start with Dave Dave what song is so sucky it
needs to come off this list
I'm gonna poop on me but 321 star I hate you I hate you die I am gonna cut you
but i'm not cut so many people almost uh... playing i've never known that's
all the rules
you want to do
one two three four do you do you know if you play break out in one year one two
three we're just in the entire robert tiller she can run over everybody i hate
you all get on my house actually here one here one two three four equally
crash
anyways
uh... get you
i have to have it at the state give me a sign
because
R&B is so forth-mixed, so down with this R&B stuff.
Give me a sign.
Unless it's got lesbians in the video.
It's gone.
Yes, I should have picked Summer Vacation.
Oh, well, wah.
I hate to say it, because the list is getting really hard for me
to choose what to take off.
And as much as I like the song, I'd have to say Take Off, VJ Army.
Shock, VJ Army.
I'm actually really pissed off at that song right now, anyway.
What's left?
we've got all these pretty good decent songs left
uh...
i don't know this is too hard i can't decide
i'm going to take off
i'm going to be a complete asshole
i'd just i'm sorry i don't see this song in ddr no matter what you say
no matter what you compare it to
i just don't see the song in ddr
I'm taking off V.
You know, it works!
It's freaking evil in Pump It Up, though.
I like the rest of the songs there, I just...
V is a 2DX song, it's a keyboard mania song, it's not a DDR song for me, so...
Wait till you see it in motion, that's all I have to say.
You need to see someone play that on Pump It Up.
You need to see someone play it on Pump It Up.
Down with V.
That goes back to the Vegas trip.
I'm just taking out my personal frustrations out on V, too, because I can't pass it still.
That just goes back to the DDR Freak Moderator's Vegas trip. We're watching Blue, you know, practically full combo it.
I'm going to be laughing on Wednesday when they announce V as the new song in DDR Max 3.
I will be cheering that day.
I'm just going to, you're going to see me post on the board instantly and just go, ah, very ironic there. Okay, anyways.
And I'll just say, fuck you.
We'll be like, heh heh!
So, here's the full list. I'm posting it to the chat room right now and then you can send me your votes, except I'm having to clear out the messages I've already gotten here. I've got to clear these out.
Okay, here we go. Here's your choices. You want to read that off, Jamie?
Of course, as soon as you pull the thing up and un-dark it.
We have Instant Love, Release Your Mind, V35, Indigo Vision, Love Is Orange, WellWow70s
Afro, Outer Limits, and Happy Hopper.
And on a personal note, I'd just like to say that everything that I picked is still there.
You know what though?
You know what though?
Honestly, Jim, now that I'm looking at the list again, I probably should have taken off
Release Your Mind, I think, now that I'm looking at it.
But oh well.
Too late.
What's done is done.
I did V. So send me your votes over private message, and you've only got a minute and
to have to do it, because we've got to hurry up and end this show, because I've got to
get out of town. So, we're going to play Happy Hopper, because Jamie said so, and we'll be
We'll be right back, cause you only got a minute and a half, so I don't know if it was now, now, now, now, now.
Every night, a little every night
Oh, every day was of every theme
Every night, a little every night
Oh, every day was of every theme
Hachi de ustedashi kamebo setu
You are my sunshine
You are my sunshine
You are my moonlight
You are my heart
You are my dream
YEAH!
Every night
I hear your voice
Baby, every day
And every night
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who by the way is not an actor,
what do you think of the Orange Dance for the Money Music and More show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being in a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're back to wrap up this little train wreck we've got going,
and we're going to do that by revealing the top three winners.
And we had a pretty good tie going there for a while, but we did resolve it.
It did resolve. We have four songs all tied to one point.
Yes.
But we had somebody change their vote, which really kind of just did it right there.
It kind of broke all the ties we had.
And now we have the final list.
This is the Konami original we most want to see in Max 3 through the voting.
Wow Wow 70s is in third place.
Yay.
Afro.
Afro.
In second place, Outer Limits.
Yay!
Oh, I sense a personal grudge.
You're just pissed because I took V off.
Bitch.
In first place...
This is the only drumroll I have, so deal with it.
Happy Hopper wins!
Because I roll and I have good taste.
Happy Hopper is the...
And you know, we're actually somewhat unsure if that's economy original, aren't we?
Kind of unsure, but we're just going to say it is.
I would like to play Tetris while playing Happy Hopper.
It wins, so Happy Hopper wins, because we said so.
We said so.
So we're going to have to kind of wrap up the show here.
We're coming into the last home stretch here.
Just want to remind everybody that Sunday's show
will be pre-taped.
Come on into the chat room.
Our regulars will be there and talking about the pre-taped
show as it's going on.
If you live in the Sacramento or Bay Area,
join us at Sacramento Scandi.
I believe that's going to be Thursday night, but please, please check the forums on sacbamani.com
for any changes.
Um, Chat Room, praise y'all?
No, praise me.
And Instant Love came in fourth.
Instant Love was the one that was also tied in there, by the way, but somebody changed
their vote from Instant Love to something else.
It was winning for a while.
Yeah, it was winning for a while, and then a bunch of people changed their votes, so
whatever.
You guys are interesting.
Sorry, DJ Konami.
Sorry.
We still love you.
DJ Konami was the only one that ended up voting for Instant Love.
else to change our votes.
Yes, the dance floor is waiting for you.
Another reminder, I'd like to also apologize.
Thursday's rebroadcast didn't happen.
That was my fault, because work got in the way
and I wasn't able to queue up the replay in time.
So I apologize to those of you that
were listening Thursday for the rebroadcast.
But we will do this Thursday's rebroadcast at 2 PM,
along with our Monday broadcast at 7 PM, our rebroadcast.
And Saturday, there will be no Orange Lounge at all,
because Live 365 will be down.
So every Live 365 station will be off air that night.
They're moving to an underground bunker server.
Yes, they're moving to an underground bunker
so that Britney Spears and all those people doing
the commercials, Stevie Wonder and all them can't get to them.
Yeah, Stevie Wonder can't find us.
Dude, Britney Spears is a rabbit, she'll bite one of them.
And give them herpes.
Or herpes.
Also known as cold source, no, I don't think so.
She's going to give them little icky-crawly things.
Ew!
Oops!
I did it again.
What can I say?
Um...
Gosh, what else?
Remember, you can get an STD by playing DDR Max.
We got to get this thing wrapped up, so some final thoughts?
Jamie, you got any...
Oh, I'm sorry.
You have an oo.
You have an oo, Matt?
Where are we going to play the stupid song?
We're going to have to bump that to next week.
Okay.
We were talking too long about, I don't know, what were we talking too long about?
Dear Diary, I made the Stupid American Show last too long because my segment was just
as mental.
Yeah, we bitched about DDR Max USA for too long and all that controversy going on there.
And don't forget about conjoined twin galaxies.
Yeah, and while we're queuing up the end of the show here, some update, nothing really
going on.
the DDR, or the Dancing Stage Hero Mix 2 DWIs out there, so look for them, find them, they're
pretty fun to play, really easy. Other than that, DDR spot's still down, still waiting
for them to come up, I don't know why. I should have asked, you know, Mike Noah's in town,
I should have asked him, because he was right there, but I didn't even think to ask. I missed
that site. My bad. So that's down, really the only other news that we have to wait for
is, you know, what new song's going to be announced on Wednesday. That's about it. Pretty
Okay, any final thoughts from you, Dave?
T'Chaka owns, and my word of the week is philosophical, because if you were at the party last night,
you know what I mean.
Yes, and I'd also like to announce that I'll be doing news on Team Guilo now that they're
back up.
Yay!
Does that make you a member of Team Guilo, or is that what you're doing news?
I never understood how their team works.
They should have given me stickers and bribed me with stickers and stuff.
Well, that's cool.
i don't know they had to
you gotta work in some plugs for orange launch okay good boy
all right we like them we like getting plugs
and uh... my final thought of the week
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
I was patting, we were just scrubbing, and patting, and hah, hah, hah, don't hurt me.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
If you like guns, if you like shooting, if you like action, and if you're going to rent
the movies, rent them at Tam's Video on Irving and 22nd.
What is your membership number?
I don't know.
I don't know is your membership number?
Because I don't believe you've really had the San Francisco experience until you've
been abused by a Chinese person.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
