You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances are the F-word, which is not safe for children.
One, two, one, two, three, four, three, two, one.
God damn you! Stop calling here! Isn't this 4215 pussy way?
You bitch!
Now let me check the disco.
You one, two, fuck you!
You have no morals.
You don't.
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun in the scorching case of her face.
Kiss my grass, mooch.
Mecha lecha hi, mecha hidey ho.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Fucker yet?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame!
On the side of my face.
Breathing.
Grassless.
Heaving grass.
Heaving.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouths shut while I go listen to my Britney Spears
records.
From the state of California and the great nation of the USA on the planet earth it is
Orange Lounge Radio.
You're tuned in to Bimani's newest and greatest radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts but you might know me better as Sky.
With me, as always, is a lovely co-host who has 12 lovely vanilla cans, might I add.
It's Dark Sakura, aka Jamie Summers.
Whoo! I have a bill of coke. It's crack.
This is episode number one for June 23rd, 2002.
We've got a whole lot of people in the studio.
Say hello, studio!
Hello!
Yeah, there you go.
Any other first things you want to say, Jamie?
Uh, hi.
That works for me.
Alrighty then, we'll be right back where we'll be talking about the first show, and lots of other firsts, and whatever the hell else we feel like.
You can view our webcam on our website at http colon slash slash orange lounge dot s-k-i-e dot c-x.
Join us in our chat room at channel pound orange lounge on i-r-c dot eggheads dot org, or karma dot other side i-r-c dot net.
We'll be giving that out for the rest of the show, won't we, Jamie?
Oh yes, quite often.
Alrighty.
For the very first great song, I'm going to play something for the Fantasia album.
This is Vanessa Mae with Destiny.
And it's Vanessa Mae at Freaky Rocks, don't it, Jamie?
Vanessa Mae owns it.
Alright, here we go.
It's my destiny.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Close your eyes, give me your hand, darling Do you feel my heart beating? Do you remember then? Do you feel the same? Am I only dreaming? Is this burning, an eternal flame? I believe it's my duty, darling I want you when you see me, you belong to me Do you feel the same? Am I only dreaming?
And it's burning, an eternal flame
Save a man, sunshine through the rain
Life's so lame, and you can't even see
I don't wanna lose this feeling
Say my name
Let me shine through the rain
I'm on a flight
So long as it ain't somebody's name
I don't know who to see or hate
Don't you lie, just give me your hand
Don't you see, just give my heart to me
Do you know what to say, just give me your hand
Am I only dreaming?
Is this burning?
An eternal flame?
Give me your hand
Don't you see, just give my heart to me
Do you want to have a dream and an eternal Sche Friend?
Do you want to have a dream and an eternal Sche Friend?
And it turns out all right
No, no, nobody knows
No, nobody knows
No, nobody knows
Can't take me
No, no, nobody knows
No, no, nobody does, no, nobody does, no, nobody does, can't take me
Goodbye, baby balloon
Goodbye, bye, baby balloon
Bitch, get a new song!
An open letter from Orange Lounge Radio
That's right, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Here we are live on our very first broadcast
How's it feel, Jamie?
me? It feels like burning! My thoughts exactly. So, I guess we kind of have to explain a little
bit about the history of Orange Lounge Radio, and this is kind of an idea that Jamie and
I have had going on for a long, long time. Long, long, long time. Whose idea was it anyway?
It was Brad's idea. He just claimed it. It was all Brad's idea. It's your fault. So if
you want to blame somebody for this talk show, Trainwreck, just blame Brad. How's that sound?
I think the idea came to us, what, probably back in January? When was the first time you guessed it on the other show, Under Sedation Live, that we participated in?
That was in January or so, wasn't it? I know it was this year.
I think it was probably back in January.
It was after I got my new computer, so that had to have been in January.
When Jamie was on the first Undersedation Live that she was on, which is another show
that I co-host, you can visit that website at http://undersedationlive.org, or it's actually
one of our friends on the Live 365 site, so if you go to Live 365 and take a look at our
fellow broadcasters, we have the Undersedation Live listed there, and that's the show that
I co-host on Saturday night.
And I also like to say, if Travis happens to be out there listening tonight, I really
appreciate all the help, and this drink's for you. There you go. That relates to last
night's show, don't worry about it.
So, probably back when Jamie hosted this show in January, we thought, you know, we oughta
do a Bamani talk thing for Bamani. Just not, you know, just, uh, Under Station Life kind
of was born of the Rocky Horror genre, because we always used to go to Rocky Horror every
Friday, Saturday night, whatever, and then this is kind of our new addiction as
Bamani because we don't really have Rocky Horror in Sacramento anymore, so we
thought, hell, we'll do a show about Bamani. So, but The Understation Live kind of, it
took the Rocky thing, it kind of grew out of that, I don't know, it still kind of
relates to Rocky in a way, but it's kind of its own, its own child now, and we
thought we'd see what kind of bastard son we get out of this idea, the Bamani
show. Getting some kind of Siamese twin joined the head sort of mutant freak.
week. But hey, we're cool that way.
You're just evil, aren't you?
Oh yes, I am pure evil.
And you know what, people like me that way so
they can shut up.
So we've got a lot of people here in the studio tonight
and we've got this interesting setup as we got
in the house. We've got two game rooms
going. We've got one in the back and if you look
at the webcam on our website,
http colon slash slash
orangelounge.sky.cx
You can see on the webcam there's
some people, I think they're playing Max in there right now
I don't know. I think so. In the other room.
here we've got keys pounding which you can probably hear because we've got Brad in here
playing some 2DX. Yell something to the studio audio or the people out at home, Brad.
LED on view. He said LED on view if you can hear that.
Playing the theme of Dungeon J. He's playing the theme of Dungeon J over there.
He's playing the theme of Dungeon J. Thank you, Irene. Yes, he is playing the theme
of Dungeon J. Anyways, I thought we'd stay here since this is our first show. Let's talk
about DDR, the first experiences of DDR, 2DX, BeatMania, whatever it is, because that's
a long time ago for some of us, especially Jamie. Speaking of firsts, since it is the
first show, we are kind of expecting that there's going to be a lot of issues tonight,
so please bear with us throughout all the technical difficulties and everything else
going on. We have the communal microphone over here on the fireplace. We have the communal
microphone that everybody's going to have to talk into, which Irene has pretty much
parked herself near, so I think we'll know who we'll be hearing from most of the night
over there. First experience is with Bamani, because it's kind of something you see once,
you play it once, and then you're pretty much stuck with it for the rest of your life, especially
if you're listening to this program. If you've actually gone out of your way to tune into
a Bamani-focused radio program, you're obviously a very ill person who's come down with a Bamani
flu.
come to my threats no no no they're not dorks are you so Jamie what was your
very first the money experience was the first time yeah I know you out of
probably most people here I'm not sure cuz we haven't really compared everybody's
notes yet now most people here you were probably the very first person to play
DDR and all that to go way back in time let's go to 1999 around of February or
march at first heard of the media
and thought though that was kind of dorky
and i actually had beat me in ninety eight on my computer so that was my
ever first meeting in they have
how many of us started with bm ninety-eight region and
that'd be me and brad anyway
uh... i went to an expo i had heard of the institution said that it looks
stupid
i'm gonna play best to move
so i was in the best to move to turn it in a x nineteen ninety nine
spent like an hour owning everybody before i got a faulty controller
and uh... so whenever it was a key to see because i heard
uh... shake your booty playing
and it was your second mix
so that was my first tdr i didn't actually really play it and then
i hit uh...
makes two thousand
and i saw the first one on playstation and got hooked and i borrowed my
friend's game
couldn't pass butterfly
I was asleep one night, woke up the next morning, and just, like, passed a butterfly at random.
So I didn't see my first DDR machine until AX2000. It was the third mix. It was two dollars
a game, and, well, I dished out two dollars a game, slept in the room, and there went
my addiction.
And I started off with the Dreamcast, and nobody can say anything. Sega owns.
Not anymore.
Don't bite me.
Hey, CIG is making games for the game crew.
third-party stuff is is looking pretty good so I got to give them some credit
give them lots of credit and actually DDR Club on the Dreamcast is much better
than the PlayStation version because they had to they had to split the
PlayStation version into two two CDs and that kind of sucks but on Dreamcast it's
all in one nice shiny little package my first DDR experience was I and funny
enough you know this this show that this is kind of spun off of is a Rocky Horror
theme show I actually first discovered DDR at a Rocky Horror convention and
and this was, hell, I don't even know, I think it was 2000.
I'm getting so old. I think in October of 2000,
we were at a convention in Las Vegas
at the Hard Rock Hotel, and they were showing the movie Friday
and Saturday night, but we decided, you know what, once a week's enough, so we're
not going to go Friday night.
We're just going to go out to the arcade and we're just going to play games, because that's what we want to do.
And there was one of those big dancing machines with the flashing seizure lights,
and we all wanted to play it. That was your first night too, wasn't it?
I mean, anything else you wish to add about...
About DDR? Do we play our first game together?
No, I think
it was just me by myself first, because you guys were pussies. Okay, I don't remember.
And you're like, we're white, we can't play this, let the Asian do it first, and then we'll look cool, you know,
after. No, I'm kidding. I don't know.
Yeah, we were at Circus Circus, and what was it, a 1.5?
I was the old U.S.A. machine.
I distinctly remember the song Butterfly.
Shut up!
Shut up!
Everybody played it!
I remember it was the spinning discs that you can choose from instead of the song list.
Yeah, I remember that much.
And we fucking sucked.
We were terrible.
We were like...
I remember passing.
We passed the first song.
Didn't I pass Boom Boom Dollar the first time?
Yeah, you passed the second song and I was like sleeping by then because I failed like
the first three steps.
i would like to take this moment to give Irene an inside joke
and then the maid
that's the best joke ever
shush Brad
oh my god this show is going to suck
so after that we came back home to Sacramento, land of nothingness
and
we thought that was pretty much it, that was the only time we were going to play DDR and then we found that
Roseville Golf Land
ended up getting
its own d r machines sometime and i think
what december of two thousand every covered it being this is a really
u s a mix
and everything toward the end of the summer
because
i've been playing at country club lanes
the evil place
and then
i heard haters u s a machine over at risk of off and went over there and
that's a lot of people
uh... danielle first into her and that brad
and then i did
a bunch of people at milpitas golf land
first-rate ship to find our part with the sacrament strolls yes the sacrament
stills we
we we need a sexy badly bleeding
and we don't die if you're not okay
anyone else in the room care share their first the money story has really
desperate for material right now
because they're going to have this we're never going to fill a two-hour show
We have to prove them wrong, even if we have to bullshit for just two hours.
Uh-oh, he's got the microphone. Everybody run.
Loki, a.k.a. Matt, would like to share a story.
Let's see, my first experience with Bimani.
I'd have to say it started back, I believe it was the year 2000, with Phantomacon.
I saw someone playing a five-key beat me in a second mix.
And, actually, it was really cool.
What song that hooked me was the theme for Metal Gear Solid.
And from there I went and bought everything for Beatmania, played it a couple times, and put it away.
And then next year comes around 2001, and I saw them playing DDR 4th Mix, which was really awesome.
That game I really got into.
And so I actually got a chance to play it the first time in Lake Tahoe, and I found out I had no rhythm whatsoever.
In fact, I sort of looked like Steve Martin in The Jerk.
I just had absolutely...
Now that's an obscure reference no one's ever going to get, but that's okay.
It was just, like, horrible.
It was just very sad.
And unfortunately, I didn't get the clue and get off the machine after one game.
I stayed and played three games with absolutely no rhythm whatsoever.
So then, you know, flash forward back to about a year ago,
I come to find out after I moved from El Dorado Hills to Orangeville
ville that roseville's got you know fourth and a usa machine and i had during the time picked up
also my own home version of fourth and third with two pads and i'd been practicing on pink dinosaur
and lucy nerita oh jesus oh yeah i remember those anyways so then i started playing at roseville
constantly i used to do nine hours a weekend and actually i think i still do about nine hours a
a week.
Excuse me to cut you off for a minute, Brad, Brad, Brad, yeah, that song is banned in this
house.
Do not play 250 BPM in this house.
Everybody in this house has nightmares about that freaking crack baby in the video.
I'm sorry to cut you off, go ahead.
Oh, that's alright.
So yeah, nine hours a week for, you know, a whole year so far.
Alright, woo, yeah, yeah, okay.
Anybody else want to share their first story? Brad, I'd love to hear your story. Come on. Put the controller down. Come on.
Oh! There's somebody. Who's going to walk through the door?
And the doorbell rings. More victims! Ha ha ha!
This is your life.
I know.
Or this is our show.
Anyway.
Actually, before we go on to whoever our guest is, I actually would like to make a mention.
Would you? Go for it.
This is just a general shout-out. This goes to DDR Freak Radio, all the other Bimani radio stations out there you guys own and keep doing it because we need to keep Bimani on the air and keep everything alive too.
I agree. We need to keep doing shit like Bimani X Radio, all those other radio stations out there. Who else is broadcasting? I know there's a user on DDR Freak who has their own station.
station. There's probably about 10 different stations. You put the money into live365.com,
you're going to get about 10 different stations that come up. And there's commotion going
on at the door there. Hey, Paul's here. What's up, Paul? We're going to give a shout-out
to all those other Bahmani stations out there, because especially, if you might have heard
this past week, I believe it was Thursday, the new royalty rates for internet radio came
down. And we're going to have to pay seven cents for every song heard by a thousand listeners.
Now, granted, this station will never, ever, ever have a thousand listeners.
We hope.
We just hope.
And if it does, we have ways to control that.
That still sucks.
I mean, that's way too much.
I mean, what does the RIA think?
We're going to start charging people for when, like, I have a party and there's a DJ here playing music
and I have a hundred people at the party, are they going to come bang down my door and steal my wallet
because I'm playing music for my friends at a party?
Well, isn't it retroactive too?
We're just promoting albums here.
I'm sure Konami, since pretty much this whole thing is just, you know, sucking Konami's
cock here, because they're the ones that do all of Bomani games and everything.
Did you say cock?
Yes, I did say cock.
By the way, if you didn't hear the disclaimer at the beginning of the show, it is an adult
program.
This whole Bomani thing, I'm sure, since we're pretty much whoring out Bomani, they really
don't give a crap what we're doing, so they probably wouldn't come after us, but still,
for everybody else out there, for all the other shows out there, this is a really, like,
stupid thing that they're trying to do, it's just trying to charge us for every little
thing we do
we're not going to take it
there's two roots to that one of them is greed
number two
it's called
having something crawl up your ass and die
exactly that happened to me tuesday don't even care about people
maybe anal greed
that doesn't sound right
like anal spider
I like anal spider. But anal spider is cool because they do beat Nani as Seth.
That was my anal spider noise.
Let's do that again.
Wow. That's not quite what I remember from the song.
Was it Macho Gang?
You kind of have to get on that face of the...
A petty just stuck to me. Isn't that crazy?
You're going to have to get on that face of...
As Rob goes off on another tangent.
No, it's the dying giraffe sound from the South Park movie.
Hey, what do you mean, boy?
Hey, Paul's here. Paul, say hi.
Paul, say hi.
Hi, everybody.
Give Paul the microphone, because we're talking about...
Let the adults have the show.
Don't make out with the microphone.
In other words, don't perform sexual acts on the microphone.
Since this is the first show of Orange Lounge,
the Monty Talk show that no one says will work,
because there's no way to fill up two hours about talking about the money
believe me if we have gone how many months now of playing the money and
never shutting up about it like uh... afternoon i'm not going to say i don't
have a life outside of the money because
because i don't like to admit it
it's not everything but we can certainly develop two hours of the show
if we spent fifteen minutes on each game alone that was actually ours at two
two hours a week that we can fill. So we're talking about firsts. So we want to know everybody's
first experience with Imani and why they're so addicted.
So tell us how you lost your Imani virginity.
If it's the heroin needles that shoot out when you do a good job or what?
Paul, that was a question for you.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes, tell us about your first experience.
Um, well, I would just, you know, I started out with DDR and it just led on the other
things, you know? I didn't mean to. I thought I was just going to stick with DDR, but I
I'm so sorry!
I don't know, I came around the corner and I saw Beatmania
I had to try and I couldn't stop
and just let on the other things guitar freaks
Now I have no money
I don't know what I'm going to do
He has to steal the play
Oh my goodness
I can't believe it
Everything's ruined
Smartass
How many doses do you have?
You only have like
Just enough to fill up the show
Anyway.
Give us more! When?
More what he sounds like.
I can fill up two hours with just sound effects. That's not a problem.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Here's a little number I tossed off recently at the Caribbean.
I'm not singing with it this time.
Doesn't it all be nice to have a penis?
Isn't it frightfully good to have a dog?
It's swell to have a city. It's divine to own a dick.
From the tiniest little tagger to the world's biggest prick.
So three chairs for your Willy or John Thomas.
Hooray for your one-eyed child, the snake.
Your piece of pork, your wife's best friend, your pussy, or your cock.
You can wrap it up in ribbon, you can slip it in your sock.
But don't take it out in public, or they will stick you in the dock.
And you won't come back.
Don't say I don't have enough sound effects to fill up a show,
or you're going to get subjected to crap like that for two hours.
I guarantee it.
I know I got these on my very own. Hey, hey, hey, okay, big boy now
Jamie was up until 4 a.m.. Yeah
Yes, Brad. What what do we know tell us what we know?
Me and beat mania what our good friend Wesley Willis?
You remember Wesley Willis yes, I do remember Wesley Willis. Do you have any I have Wesley Willis? I'm not gonna play with
all of them are maybe maybe be in the shop what was it
that he did that and credit bar right now maybe we'll see
my dear god i think i'll find a break
uh... when we come back to the break will talk about uh... why don't we talk
about everybody in the communities talk about this this week
solo two thousand
is this right anyway children
isn't anybody thinking of the children
we come back
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
A dream that is real
Don't stop, don't stop!
Come on, come on!
Oh, one more time, I'm back with a new rhyme
Hey, here we go again, turn it up my friends
No, we don't stop, we rock the spot
No, we don't quit, you feel your innocence
Do you like to dream? K, I like to dream, baby
Do you like to dream? O, I like to dream, mama
Do you like to scream? H, I like to scream, baby
Do you like to scream? O, so scream it out
Dream or dream of a ticket individually
The reason youyer we'll be for you're makin' a swim
Dream or dream of a ticket individually
The reason youyer we'll be for you're makin' a swim
Dream or dream of a ticket alternatively
Now who dat is?
Ya my baby mama
Oh who dat is?
Ya my baby mama
Now who dat is?
Ya my baby mama
Now who dat is?
Ya my baby mama
Oh who dat is?
Ya my baby mama
Now yesterday you said you was witchin' boys
But I saw you and Gina so holdin' to us
You know the drill that I'm talkin' about
That's right, I'm callin' you I'm sorry but I
Not thinkin' bout time that I put you in check
About who lost attention at the local space
To all you fellas, this is just a game
Max is a lady tryna build the name
Wanna be a blood-drainin', get a piece
I'll break your neck if I cast it in deep
Round town soybeans like a farmer
You like a Momma
you better beware your Baby-Momma
Who dat is?
To My Baby's mommas
No! Who dat is?
to my Baby's Momma
No! Who dat is?
To my Baby's Momma
No! Who dat is?
to my Baby's Momma
No! Who dat is?
To my Baby's Momma
No! Who dat is?
to my Baby's Momma
Now who dat is?
to my Baby's Momma
No! Who dat is?
To My Baby's Momma
those Bahmani songs are chosen
one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder,
one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder, one hit wonder.
we think we figured it out
orange lounge Radio
Ah, the lovely karaoke stylings of me there in that little, uh, ditty, uh, one-hit wonder.
Oh, oh, oh, can I have your autograph?
No. Anyway.
You guys are off! Ah, it's wet up!
Okay.
Ah, Song Joo.
Drop your moves.
I just showed him now he's not going to talk for the next half hour.
Now we're really R-rated, you know, we've had nudity on for now.
Not boobs.
That was, that was our little, our little hippie-
I don't know if anyone picked that up.
little hippie-hoppy set there our fresh set our booty fresh set brought to you
by cracker starting off from 2dx and then two songs from ddr solo 2000 six
panel version of ddr dream a dream by captain jack the booty mix who that is
my baby mama by aniket finishing that off ddr solo 2000 most people really
don't give a shit about solo 2000 anyway sucks anyway exactly ever since that
Infamous Tournament, that's kind of become the catchphrase. How did that happen anyway?
You probably know more about the story behind Solo Sucks Anyway than I do. Because I'm sure
a lot of people would like to know why, whenever they talk about Solo, somebody always jumps
into the thread and goes, Solo sucks anyway! I think it resulted from a failed routine.
I don't know the entire story. That's kind of what I heard too, is that somebody had
failed a routine, and this is an arcade infinity tournament, and unfortunately I don't know
the name of whoever failed it, so I can't... I did, but I couldn't remember it off the
Right.
So they failed their song, and they were just like,
because they were giving away a solo machine at this tournament.
Yes.
And they were just like, eh, solo sucks anyway.
I didn't want it.
Anyway, so that's what this game is about.
But DDR Solo, in the news around the community this week,
this has everybody talking about something.
This is the point where I look my head into my hand and go, eh.
Let's talk about the story.
I'm going to read this article here.
It's from the San Diego Union-Tribune,
and it's by Brian E. Clark from the San Diego Union-Tribune
here, and it talks about the Poway Bowling Alley arcade replaces a game after youth protest
the images in the game. Jennifer Stoafen couldn't believe her eyes. There on the Dance Dance
Revolution machine, a video game immensely popular with preteens and teens were images
of drugs, alcohol, and a scantily clad nurse riding up and down on a syringe. I was appalled
to see that stuff flashing on the screen, said the 17-year-old
Stoeffen.
And she first saw the pictures way back in March
on the Dance Dance Revolution machine at the Poway Fun Ball.
She says, I'm a teenager, but I've seen
five-year-olds playing this game.
As far as I'm concerned, those images are totally unnecessary.
Why do they need to have pictures
with rows of pills, cocktails, ecstasy, and a syringe?
Now, I'd like to know how that girl knew that the pills were
ecstasy.
That just completely bad.
He was appalled, yet excited.
You're an upstanding person would know what that is.
Probably seen five-year-olds naked, too.
All right.
Well, let's talk about what she did.
She basically documented pictures, contacted the company that placed the game in the bowling alley,
and convinced the arcade owner to replace the machine.
We don't know with what.
Beachhead!
It would be really, really funny...
Sumo!
It would be really funny if it was Humpahorse.
That Namco horsey game.
2002, CJ. Final furlong.
So she basically got her way, she whined bitch to moan, and we shouldn't just say her because
obviously she got other people in on this too, her little coalition, which happens to
share a name with a very big lesbian, gay, bisexual coalition group, the Youth Advocacy
Coalition or whatever, just kind of a funny side note anyway. Probably lesbians and gays
wouldn't really care about DDR Solo 2000, they'd probably find it funny.
it should also be noted that and so a few thousand just like that movie the
last star for a recruit people for the army of satan
i mean it's wildly no no i signed up just last week
it would have a problem with looking at a nurse you're writing on a string not
at all
anyway so they go on to go out
we feel really good about what we were able to accomplish and she graduated
from high school she is a high school graduate good for her
And she's going to study film at San Jose State University, so I imagine her next target will probably be in San Jose somewhere.
Little kids or even teens don't need to see that stuff, and we were happy the business people we dealt with agreed with us too.
So the moral of the story, if you bitch and moan and you threaten to sue, you'll get your way.
Watch out Sunnyvale, she's coming for you.
She's protesting these images, yet she's going to be a film student.
Isn't that how, like, you know, independent filmmakers, like, win?
Well, isn't- By being provocative.
How do we know she's not going- God-inducing.
Sundance is showing breath!
Is she gonna get Sundance shut down for showing titties?
But if the nudity is artistic, it's okay.
Like Kate Winslet in Titanic, that was artistic nudity.
It was ugly nudity also, but it was, you know, anyway.
it was
the whole thing is that
this particular organist the i don't get it's not just this organization of any
organization is that there's something out there that they don't like
they have to use
generalizations
and point out every last negative thing instead of any positivity that it might
promote
any personal ddr first positive aspects
you've got your exercise program right there i've been so many people to lose
weight on it. It encourages people to get out and do things. On top of that, there are
a lot of songs that have positive messages in there too. You know, there's just so much
positive about it and they have to focus on all the negativity so a lot of people have
to lose out because something crawled up their ass and died.
Wait till solo 2004 comes out with the warded fetuses and crack whores in the background.
Oh yeah.
Can I be the devil's advocate?
Come here. Irene, you want to be the devil's advocate, come here and tie it into the microphone.
We want to hear this from the other presenter.
I would have loved to have gotten an interview
with this person, but I was too lazy.
So we'll maybe get one next week.
Ow.
Oh, what was I going to say?
You're going to be devil's advocate.
Yeah, I know.
I had a thought.
OK, you said that just because a band of people
got together and protested against something
means that they get their way.
But I think it's kind of like if there was a group of murderers
out there
of course that's going to be sickening to some people and they're going to band
together and kind of complain about these murderers
so i can't say that
i fully agree with
what you think about people that band together and complain about things
because
you know sometimes it's for good i mean this particular instance i don't feel so
strongly that i think she's wrong
but let's not say everyone that does that is terrible
that's about it
I guess so, Rob. Eat my ass. Yeah. So, any comments?
I'm talking like way loud.
Yeah, that's okay.
Any comments?
Uh, it's a very good point you're making.
You're wrong!
I think that part of it just has to do with the fact that people are generally close-minded.
People aren't willing to accept an idea that might be different than their own.
And so they're going to stick to that one idea and think that everybody has to adhere to it.
Where, you know, apparently we disagree. I mean, that's obvious, because we like DVR.
But, I mean, not just with that situation, but with a ton of situations in the world.
It's intolerance and just generally being closed-minded.
You know, I'm gonna be the devil's advocate for the devil's advocate.
Okay.
I need to make another point.
We need to fill this damn show somehow, go for it.
Let's just make this the Irene show.
Okay, how about the people that were, you know, the kind of people that I can see being against is like the Nazis.
You know, at one time people thought the Nazis were cool.
I don't know if anybody here necessarily thought the Nazis were cool.
Well not here, but back in the day.
I don't think Jewish people ever thought the Nazis were very cool.
That's because people were sheep.
That's another example of the sheep mentality I'm often fond of bringing up.
I think Adolf Hitler just had some insecurities because he only had one testicle.
And he's just like, fuck you all, I'm just going to kill everyone because I have one testicle.
How did you know he had one testicle?
You'll like to know.
Well, it's been reported from unknown sources
sources cuz i just read a bunch of books and shut up. Nerd! You can read! Fuck you! At least I'm not a
geep. Like Paul. A geep? Yeah, he has a geep on his shirt. But yeah, so, I mean, I guess it just depends on
the situation, you know. It's circumstantial. If you have beliefs... Oh, that's my cue. I gotta go now. I'm just kidding.
You're saying if you have beliefs, continue?
Oh, I don't know, the draft noise threw me off.
Yeah, if you have beliefs, wahhhh.
Good point.
I know, thanks, thanks.
Yeah.
I think the general moral of that is even though there are people who do
occasionally win to take away things, not necessarily take away things that
we enjoy, but just to inflict their closed-minded opinion on the masses,
there should always be the people who are willing to
you know, who stand against that, who are willing to say something, you know,
we don't think this is right. Okay. You have no right to censor our lives.
Yeah, and I also, like, one last thing, like, if they don't like it so much, why don't they just
not go there? That's my whole opinion. It's like, why
ruin the party for everybody else just because you have a problem with it?
Nobody is forcing you to play this game. You know, everyone's
so hip on, like, let's, you know, they, everyone puts disclaimers on things and stuff, you know,
and why, why is it that this particular incident they have to take away are fun? Oh, okay. Oh,
okay. Yeah, well, Brad, okay, go ahead. Okay, here's probably what the situation is for this
one. Okay, you said it's at a bowling alley. Well, I'm guessing it's probably someone that's part of
a league or a bowling league or something like that that sees a stupid game playing in the
background, when they're waiting between frames to bowl.
Bowling for God.
Christian bowling.
Highway to pins to heaven.
Anyway, so probably it's just someone with nothing to do,
complain about something, if it wasn't arguing against people
killing whales or small animals or something like that.
And children.
Children, abortion or whatever.
I'm sure they would have picked on something else.
It's just like a starter to other things to debate about.
So I just think, you know, it's probably no big deal, but like I've read on the responses for these, that not really anyone's worried about it and don't really think it's going to go too far, and I probably agree with them.
Yeah, I don't see why the bowling alley owner decided to get rid of the game in the first place. I mean, it must not have been making him any money or something. There must be other factors involved.
The thing I see, like, let me be like the extremist here for a second.
Okay.
Well, even on that one instance, that machine getting taken out is doing more damage to
a larger amount of people than the images on the machine are doing to the little kids,
I believe.
And let's be an extremist here and say that what if all the machines eventually do get
taken out, because this does go way too far, which I doubt it will.
then that's definitely doing even more damage to a large amount of people than the little images of syringes and naked women.
Fucking A. You see more of that kind of stuff on TV anyway than you do on the frickin' machines and arcades.
And you don't have to take it to the bowling alleys? All the parents are drunk anyway, so who gives a shit?
I know, but you don't want to watch their own kids so they put something that has syringes and stuff to babies for their kids.
The only other thing I can think of why the manager would agree with something is if it's supposed to be a family environment
and enough families banded together and said this is not the type of environment we want
our children around.
It's the Mormon Bowl.
Their protests might have actually had some credence with the manager, but even so, first
of all, they stand to lose money because I know for a fact DVR machines make a ton of
money.
And also, from having worked at three different arcades, I do know that they make those ratings
stickers.
You know how you have your ratings on your video games that they have at home?
They have those rating stickers for arcade machines.
Corporately owned arcades are actually required to have them.
At least, I know Namco did.
I'm not too sure about Gotham, but I know that most of them do.
Rated M.
But they're serious.
I personally went through and put a lot of those stickers on machines
so that any parent who had their child with them could look at the machine,
look at the rating, and see if that's really something
that they wanted their kid to play.
Unfortunately, parents don't want to watch their children themselves
to do their job, so they let dark kids babysit their children for them.
It's the thing I notice at Golf Land all the time.
Parents bring their kids there, and then just
turn them loose. They run around everywhere. They're stomping on all sorts of machines,
and shooting things.
What's worst of all is that when we're playing on DDR, they
start coming and playing with us. It's like eight people playing on the machine at once because all these little kids
up on the rails because you're getting into my my chair i know i know i know
but
uh... why don't these parents watch the kids when they're when they drop them
off here then you would it be able to take an actor role in what they're
playing because if you just let your kids to lose there's way worse arcades
out there besides d r
this bowling alley i would like to know this boy only has like a police nine one
one machine we're shooting people in there
let's go to us and everything i don't have to get a life and hired and i have
to take me
what we've been together and think we're offended by the god people
we just needed to be a nice club because i i i i think any resources all day and
he's good horse raising values unconstitutional i say we just really are
and we all get a deal pet fuck you
when you get
i want to do my new york wasn't bad
i'm gonna throw at you now
Okay, yeah, we're weird.
Malnourished Neopets.
I think, Rob...
Okay, yes?
I think it's about, we should, you know, definitely have my, my ramp.
Okay, we'll get, we'll get you your ramp after the next break.
I'm gonna go look at the account if I can.
Okay.
However, I, I was gonna make a point and I just forgot it, so I guess I won't make a point.
I guess...
What point's at Cal Expo?
What do you guys think's gonna happen after this?
After what?
You think that more machines are gonna get taken out from other places?
No.
Do you think this, I mean, this person said they're gonna go on to DDR Freak, which is
probably the most well-known DDR site that's out there.
Go look at their machine locations page and start hitting every Solo 2000 machine out
there.
Did you see how many were on there?
A lot.
I think, honestly, the owners of these places, they've had them long enough to know, you
know, what's going on in the game.
They've had them long enough to know the kind of content is inside, you know, and there's,
You know, I think they would have taken him out by now if they really felt passionately
about that.
And here comes Brad.
And here's Matt.
He hasn't finished.
Thank you.
Actually, I think what's going to happen is these people are going to call up these establishments
with the Solo 2000 machines, and they're just going to get laughed at.
Because these people are going to be like, yeah, I'm just going to take this machine
that I paid a couple grand for and just get rid of it because you don't like it.
Okay, go screw yourself.
That's what they're probably going to end up saying.
It's just ridiculous to even try to take these machines out because of a few images of flash
in the background that you don't even notice anyways.
Which I'm sure they'd be like, oh, it's subliminal then.
They don't notice it.
It gets in their subconscious and they'll become murderers and rapists.
Just one thing, though.
I mean, it may be a sad thing, I should say, but unfortunately greed ruins over morality
in a lot of cases.
I mean, are you going to throw away an income of well into the thousands because it offends somebody?
I mean, true, there's some offensive material that I think should be removed on occasion,
but on top of that, though, this is an instance where this small group is not really going to be able to make much of a difference.
I mean, true, right?
Yeah, I agree, and in fact, also, let's just say, for instance, that they do get away with it.
Solo 2000 gone. Really, would you miss it? I wouldn't miss it.
I mean, it was just, I don't miss the game. I don't even care if they get rid of it.
Good for them. Get a better game. Get a Max 2 machine. Hell, I mean...
Well, okay, but, okay, say you go and upgrade the Solo 2000 to a fourth mix, okay?
Look at the background and kick the can. It's a bunch of flying heroin needles.
You've still got the same thing going on.
I still think Sinkorondavoo has the best video.
Yeah, that's right! Then they'll just want a Max 2 machine removed because there's lesbians all over the secret rendezvous video, and it's a secret message that everybody should become a lesbian.
Lesbians.
Okay.
You know, Solo 2000 is a good machine, you know. It's fun, it attracts crowds, people actually go look for them.
We have a new face to the show, Glenn would like to contribute an opinion.
I just completely lost my train of thought.
Here's the thing about the whole, because basically what it is, it's censorship.
And censorship never stops, it just keeps going further and further and further and
nobody's going to be happy until there's nothing left because somebody will be offended by
something.
Either it's degradation of women by the songs or images or whether it's subliminal messages
that they think they hear or drug use or anything, it will never end.
So if they keep, if it's a trend and they keep caving in to these people, then DDR will
be gone and then there will be something next after that.
So a message to all you arcade owners out there, grow some balls!
Only in America.
Wash your pussies!
And a message out there also as well to the coalition there that's taking out all the
machines out there.
First, we would love to hear your opinion, so please contact the station and we'll give
you a fair interview and some equal time and let you present your side of the story because
we're curious what your motivations are and maybe you can talk us out of playing DDR.
Yeah, yeah. Anyway. That was funny. Second off to the coalition, there's a place called
Laser Force in Sacramento. Go take their machine. If you need a place to properly deposit this
machine, I live at. Alright, anyway. We'll talk more about Laser Force and other evil
all the money things when we come back uh... in the meantime we're gonna play
something from drum mania
replace something from what i think it's our freaks also
we're gonna play uh... our namesake here at the lovely orange lounge and their
little medley from the new guitar
yes very good i really don't worry here we go
we'll be back in about five minutes
I can't believe it, a little sharp though.
Let's get this thing off the ground
One day when I got hungry, I told you with a cough I had to be shit, Uncle Ghandi
Cool it, jingle, jingle, jingle, jingle
Uncle Dandy, he is me
He's the type of Spider-Man
And I know that he will help me
As much as he can
The type of Spider-Man is what I want to be
But there are no cut-in birds who want to ride with me
I don't know why it's okay that I'm on the line
But every speed in kakuta is fine
Kakuta
I am the type of spider in kakuta
I find my little sexy and he's a good pal
Sexy, sexy, sexy and he's a good pal
Boy, I'm a sexy girl, that's my aim
I love to fly the taxi, I like it very much
Even though I have no license, I always find a clutch
I can bind it off my head, I can bind it off my feet
And I have no problem getting better than me
And the sexy time is my game
I am a sexy diamond man, I am a sexy diamond man, I am a sexy diamond man.
My bad.
And now I would like to present to you the comic stylings of Irene, future comedian extraordinaire.
Keep clapping, I'm kidding.
so these uh... two muffins were uh... baking in the oven
and uh...
the first one says to the other one
you know it's getting pretty hot in here
and the second one's like
holy shit the talking muffin
Yeah
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
is
is
is
is
do
do
do
I'm just a disturbed guy.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We're live for our very first show. It's about
eight o'clock. We're halfway through it. What do you know? We made it this far. So let's
if we can get to the other end.
I think now would be a good time in the show for Jamie to be given space to do her little
rant.
How does that sound, Jamie?
That sounds delightful.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear your little rant for the week.
This is Jamie's big fuck you unbelief.
That goes to, I would have to say, parents at Roseville Golf Land.
Who agrees with me here?
Especially one delightful lady who I saw putting her three-year-old child on the keyboard mania machine to change a diaper.
Now, I knew a lot of people called that a shitty game, but...
She was checking his diaper, but she put the child on the keyboard, and I couldn't help myself but go up there and go,
I would go up there and go, excuse me, ma'am, and mentally I was going, and I used the term loosely,
would you mind moving your child off of this machine?
Or I could go get management and make them, you know, have you pay for it.
And she just looked at me.
Oh, duh, I'm sorry.
That was, yeah, that was a derp moment.
But, you know, that has me thinking.
You know, we're missing a whole keyboard on one side.
We're missing keys on player one.
you know our drum mania machine was screwed up for a while at you know
guitar freaks is none of their issues
although I did see a parent walk off while their
three-year-old, not three-year-old, more like a five-year-old was holding one of those
big guitar controllers
which I have issues holding. Mommy it hurts. It feels like
burning. But you know and I actually caught
those, I was playing drum mania at the time, I called the parent back and said you need to get your
you know you need to help your child because if they drop this on their foot they will likely
break their toes. Attention to parents at Golf Land. This goes for not just Roseville
Golf Land, but any golf land. And the arcades. Because Jamie circulates a lot. She gets around,
Jamie. Oh yeah, baby. And the many different arcades. If you don't mother your child, Jamie
will. Yes, I will spank your child. If you're not going to do your job, god damn it, I will.
But no, the whole issue, you know, there's like parents who let their little children
run loose and they get on the DDR machine. Like when we were at, um, Scandia. The little
child that got up behind me and I nearly stepped on this kid.
And I mean, I felt...
You did step on her in there, didn't you?
I think I did.
But, you know, I turned around, I found her, I think it was her aunt, but I, you know,
I gave her my tokens to, you know, let her know I felt bad, but...
Because it's not the kid's fault.
Well, I mean, it is...
They don't really know any better, but if their parents aren't doing their job, how
are they ever going to learn?
You know, like that prime example of the people we got kicked out of golf in the other night?
Oh God.
You know, they were getting up, bumming around the machine, we had management kick them out.
what we actually got a restraining order that night
we have got a golf land restraining order tonight i was awesome
but i was having a problem are part of the scene while i was playing annually
whacked in the face one and then his they can if you make a decision to get
almost hit with your ass
deluxe no that was when i stuck my fist out to do the side of the i mean you
know how you have to figure handouts but i don't know how many parlous we have
listening but
you seek out your hand side aside to do two lots
and i nearly palm the guy in the face
and i thought it was it because he was a moron itself
you know i can't go ready to give it to the people i fear of my hand off
simple
i'll tell you that that's that's the red you know
if we have any parents who are listening to show a seriously doubt it
but still if you have younger siblings you know make sure
and then someone's got an eye on them you know look out for the little less
because we sure as hell are
it's not our jobs if they're not your children
Yeah, we're going to step on them, and then they'll learn.
But I don't know, I would not consciously
step on a little child if I couldn't help it.
Anyway, that's my rant.
If you'd like to comment on Jamie's Fuck You of the Week,
or you'd like to comment on anything else we talked
about in the past hour of the show,
I encourage you to join our chat room, which is located
on server IRC.eggheads.org or karma.othersideirc.net.
And it's just Channel Orange Lounge, all one word.
So we look forward to seeing you in there.
And we'll take your comments and maybe talk about some of
them on the show.
In future weeks on the Orange Lounge, we are looking into
getting the phone system here so we can take
phone calls on the air.
But we're kind of doing some test runs to see what kind of
reception the show gets for you.
Because that's going to be a large investment to get the
phones here.
So it might be a little while before we get those.
But we'd like to start taking phone calls.
That'll be cool.
All right.
Other things we wanted to talk about.
Jamie, before we went into the break, we talked about we were sending out a message to the little coalition there, the little anti-DDR army, the anti-DDR army in San Diego that's taking out Solo2K machines.
I recommended their next target be Laser Force in Sacramento, and I thought you might want to take this opportunity, because you've already initiated a local boycott.
Yes.
Now you can initiate a national boycott at Laser Force. International.
The one issue with that is that I don't want them to go targeting every place that has a solo.
Like the Walmart and Lodi.
Now the Walmart and Lodi rules.
Yes it does.
Any place you can buy Pringles and then go straight to play DDR just rules.
Thank you.
And I won so many toys out of the crane machines there, it's not even funny.
But let's hear why Laser Force sucks. Tell your Laser Force story.
really supposed to have to do last night
with uh... the date that uh... iguana girl
and i and
a certain and names
well cockspanker
correct figure for bucks
to and is no longer worthy of any more
we are going to have laser force
check out the new solo machine right around the corner from my house
and people please don't come to my house anyway
we go in and you know we're all playing nobody's getting up and doing anything
and you know this woman's asking questions you know we're answering she's
got her kids there and then this group of little girls gets up by the machine
and we've all been taking our turns and using a coin line anyone with common
sense can see what a coin line is
um... eventually the mother got up and was complaining that oh you know my kid
wanted to get up here and you know we explained the coin line and we're like okay well you
we're gonna go ahead let your kid go we'll go ahead and you know trade this
turn just give us some tokens because we'd already had tokens in machine and
she's like no I gotta go and they left and then management came up and just
like tried to ream us we were being they were being very oh my goodness I can't
believe it everything's ruined as many times as I can fit it in anyway anyway
We had issues with them. Basically, we just said we weren't going to come back and I made
sure to let everybody I knew. And so far, I think we've had a fairly successful boycott,
haven't we? I mean, I understand that their business isn't doing very well. But I mean,
it's just though nobody really plays the solo there anyway, so they should just give me the
machine and then we wouldn't have to boycott them anymore. That is crime logic.
But then that woman is going to have to come to your house and remove the machine because she finds it offensive.
Hey, it's my house.
Yes, but the poor furniture. It's offended.
Hey, Jamie has a guard cap.
Yes, Shermy would kill her.
Shermy would roll around on the floor and out-cube her or something.
But no, if somebody came to my house saying you can't play this in your own home,
the point i'd break out the katana and decapitate somebody, okay?
Oh, it's evil, Jamie, ladies and gentlemen. It's in my house, it's self-defense.
Jamie's on! Jamie's on! No!
Oh, oh, the steroids!
Making me feel badly!
I like that, uh...
Laser Force sucks. I mean,
I'm sorry, the only official laser tag game that I can, you know,
put my name behind is
Cuzar, played for four years, spent a good fifteen grand there.
We should say that Loki was a Cuzar nerd long before he was a DER nerd.
And we need to hear it between Zach.
Yes, Cuzar, it was my first love.
Once Cuzar left
last year around May, I was very sad, still sad to this day.
And anyways,
DDR became my new addiction.
I just have to say, Q's are rules, Laser Force sucks ass, and they were almost out of business
just when Q's are went and left, and then they came back to, like, a festering, uh,
sore. So, they can die. It really does smell like pee in there. And they smell like pee.
I'm glad I'm not the only person that noticed how bad it stinks in there. But we know, keep
in mind though, we've also got, um, Laser X at Country Club Lanes, and we still have
whatever thing is that golf land
i'm sorry you're talking about laser x
that there are alternate there are local alternatives to laser force yes if you
have to shoot the infrared beam at somebody
and no unfortunately i do not have dramatic music to play when people are
are crying over a lot their losses
but i do have cam laughter
yeah
anyway yet if you don't know if last year i hope we can play flowers for
albion
oh yeah i can i could look at one of them
process
houses so crazy right now there's people in here
bad
right and that's not being played in the house
stupid right now i got to be evil cracking i know let's
i see sitting in the corner of their my roommates over there in the corner
crying
let's bring them over here i would ask for a quick prayer
delivery of the microphone
you know you have all the mike faraway from you because it it's very sensitive
it's like a penis it's very sensitive
i'm like you and i don't get too close to the head or you're getting shot
anyway
uh...
it
i don't want to hear about you and when i got a day if you ever played
your play do you
yet i have a and what do you think
it's a penis and the contest is that
that jimmy doesn't have a penis last time i checked
but i can't get into the contest
uh...
i can make one
what do you think of this whole thing this is my show this this house that you
i would like to be transformed
my heart has a complete disaster area right now being overran
by a bunch of g
and i am a way to get that i need
and back in the middle of it
You're now an honorary geek. You're the meat in the geek sandwich.
Oh, that was just a bad image.
I was just not somewhere I wanted to be.
Brian and Meat at the same time
quotes Irene.
And followed by a
Very descriptive. Any comments you want to add out there to the Bahmani people listening?
Because we have quite a few people listening right now.
Is there anything you want to say to the addicts out there of Imani?
Besides the fact that they turn my house completely upside down when you throw these types of things?
And that I'm going, I have no house and no life right now?
Well, there's a pool. You could go swim.
Here's a ball, Brian. Why don't you go bounce it?
I actually want to thank you very much for the use of this.
Yay, Brian!
I can edit in your honor.
Awww.
It's a pink dinosaur.
Okay, that's it. Thanks for being on the show, Brian. We appreciate it.
Woo, Brian!
I'm the only one clapping!
Yeah, and you don't have a microphone.
What now? Let's get away from Bahmani. You're right, we can't fill two hours with Bahmani.
Yes, we can.
Or what do you want to talk about then?
Bahmani.
We were talking about you know what our personal cross-dresser is not here tonight
Yeah, right. It was supposed to be here tonight. We had our cross-dressing fellow admin is not here tonight. Where's that?
I knew he had our cross-dressing para playing para somewhere. I knew he had to work today
So maybe he didn't show up because of that. Oh, you know, he's out working at what what corner is he working today? He's uh,
That would probably be one of the corners of the par machine
But if my Ototo-chan is listening tonight, dude, get here. Let's fill it with witty banter.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, you come on. What do you want to talk about? Is there anything, Imani, you really want to talk about?
Yeah, sure. How about Matt say something?
I'd like to announce for all those people that do play The Sims out there for DWI, actually,
Bimani Ruler, you might know him from DDR Mania X, he's having a blitz for the next
two weeks.
He's going to be releasing a new file every day and if anyone hasn't played his stuff,
do play it.
It's awesome.
Today, in fact, his release was the Classic Party Triathlon, which I have to say was awesome.
So go try that and that's it.
Everyone watch the webcam because every once in a while something crazy is going to pop
up, something out of control, something you didn't expect, something crazy and wild.
If you'd like to visit our webcam just go to our website at http colon slash slash orange
lounge dot sky S-K-I-E dot C-X and it's right there in the upper right corner.
It's a little tricky to find but if you look you'll find it and there's a little thing
that will take you to the webcam.
Unfortunately we're being ghetto this week and the page doesn't refresh. You have to reload it every minute or so.
But we'll have that fixed for next week. Because we just got the website finished today.
A big hand to Glen. A big thank you to Glen for finishing the website.
And Brad comes back from the webcam room with this weird grin on his face.
Should we fear? Should we be scared?
Maybe you should look at the cam. Hopefully it got cut.
It looks like somebody's parrying the deluxe.
That's Brian playing DDR after he just...
Brian's playing DDR after he was just in here slamming the rest of us.
I know, now he's going...
See, it's more truth that Bemani just owns everybody. I'm sorry.
I think I have DDR.
Okay, Paul goes to play DDR now.
Where's my picture?
Okay.
Anyway, so were we going to...
I have an idea.
Irene has an idea.
I was going to talk...
Okay, go ahead.
What were you going to say?
Obviously, we can talk about Max 2, because that's like what everybody talks about these days.
We have Burning Heat now.
We just unlocked Burning Heat yesterday, which is kind of a big deal.
It's really the only song anybody seems to care about in Max 2, is Burning Heat.
And Kakumei, but Kakumei kind of...
It was the big deal in the beginning, but then as people started unlocking Burning Heat, it was just like,
Oh my god, Burning Heat!
Burning Heat makes me cum.
So what do you guys think about Max 2? What do you guys think about...
Max 2 was the first new DDR that I had a reason to get excited over.
Max 2 is everything that Max should have been, and I think that's kind of been the opinion across the board,
because it's got way more songs than 5th Mix had. Well, no, I'm sorry, it's got about the same amount of songs as 5th Mix had.
But Max had, like, 40 songs. It had nothing. Max had way more, it was nice.
So what's missing from Max 2 that you'd like to see in our next installment of DDR?
In Max 3, if they should actually take it that far?
ability to have flat dark mode, flat dark mode, gives dark and flat run on the same
modifiers, so you can't use them both. I think, you know, we should be able to have
more songs and less, maybe not less ONI modes, but make ONI modes, make more ONI modes accessible
at first and not unlocking a lot of ONI modes, because I notice we unlock a lot of ONI modes
and hardly any of them are songs. I think they're either even between ONI and
And I think people want more songs to play because Oni mode is, I guess in my opinion,
a little bit harder for people because it's a perfect attack thing, you know, or a great
attack.
But it's the challenge.
Yeah, it's really hard.
Now, remember in fourth mix how they had the, you could come home and make your own non-stops
on the home version of the third mix and save it to the card and then take it to the arcade
and play your own non-stop?
They should do something like that for Oni.
I can see why they hesitate doing it because then everybody would just make a ten song non-stop
of a bunch of basics.
able to stay on the machine all day, but maybe limit it, the homemade non-stops to as many
songs as you would have on the normal game.
Yeah, or maybe a certain amount of sets you have to have in a song or something like that.
I actually think that it might work better to do something very similar to how 2DX has
it. You know, have an expert course, where, I mean, an expert course in the sense that
the BeatMania expert courses are in, where you have the following percentage.
In the chat room, Joe Mama suggesting that we just have only maniacs.
If you put a song out there on the Oni mode, you can only put in maniac stuff.
That's a good idea.
But then there's people out there that maybe want to play Oni,
they can't play maniacs.
Do you think that they maybe should have had an easy Oni chorus?
I know, exactly.
Just playing devil's advocate.
What I'd like to see would be to have actually more unlockable stuff.
Not necessarily more songs.
I mean, more songs obviously would be great.
But let's say, for instance, we can have different sets for a song being
added in or something like that or maybe even, I don't know, just have like sort of a challenge
mode where you play and you get more points, you know, to go towards, you know, unlocking
songs but have it be like a certain really hard, strange thing that you haven't seen
before or even, you know, bringing back solo via Megamixes where you have three songs,
you know, play together.
Megamixes are pretty cool. That's something I'd like to see come back.
Megamixes.
Hey.
You remember how in Solo 2000, which is getting way too much talk time on the show tonight,
One course had Afro Nova, Dropout, and I think Wild Rush, and the cool thing about it is it wasn't just a non-stop, the songs actually mixed together.
That's pretty neat.
I remember that.
I guess, we'll go ahead and finish the talk because I'm going to change the subject a little.
Oh, okay. Well, about the different steps, like Matt was saying, what I kind of missed was, it was kind of cool, I think it was on one of the versions of Third Mix, there was alternate steps for some of the songs.
You would press, I think it was like, down, down, you know.
It was the Club of Pen Steps, actually. They had it for, like, Brilliant To You, Keep On Me. I'd love to see some of that come back.
What about new stuff? We've been talking about, like, a lot of old stuff we'd like to see make a return.
How do you think Konami can keep DDR kind of innovative?
Because let's look at Five Key. Five Key's gonna be dying this time with the release of Final.
Unless they decide to do something with Beat Mania 3, because Beat Mania 3 is a Five Key series.
But for all practical purposes, the original five key series is kind of gone.
So how can Konami prevent themselves from releasing a DDR final?
What can they do to keep...
They could put a foot pedal.
On DDR?
No, I've often thought that they need to do partner solo.
Well, you know, have the six panels solo set up, but with two players.
I mean, instead of having the linked machines like they work now,
but not if you put enough space in between the machine.
Or set it up like the three-player Para Para, where you have three panels, with the large monitor in the front, DDR could be made to accommodate that.
And have it with solo.
I would like to see DDR on a humongous screen, like, I say pump it up, is on a huge screen.
I just don't like, though, how...
Go to Fry.
I don't like it.
Oh, I don't like, I don't like the setup.
That's something, that's something that's worth talking about here if you want to change
something for a little bit.
We'll talk about that when we come back for break.
Let's stay there for a little bit.
Let's keep talking about Max.
Max is a magical...
A giant, I think, the thing I don't like about Pump is it's got a huge screen but then it's
got this humongous box that just kind of sits out there and the screen goes back.
It's like looking at the end of a tunnel to see what you're looking at.
It's kind of odd.
I think, I'd like it to look more like 2DX versus a giant freaking huge...
I think you're too tall for Pump It Up.
I'm too tall. Another of the names you can add to it would be more modifiers to like,
say for instance, stuff you can do with the arrows. Like have them all mixed up, have
some things I thought even for doing some of my edits and stuff. Maybe even have it
where like stuff in the background kind of helps you, you know, not be able to see the
arrows just right. You know, have a bunch of arrows all of a sudden appear in the background.
Just crazy shit like that. Well, it's kind of a lot of people say Flash in the Night
was like that on max because it would go flash, the screen would do this seizure thing, like
amazing seizure robots, flash. And then it was kind of hard to see your arrows, so.
They also need to put in like super random mode like they have in 7x guitar freaks, where
like in normal shuffle mode, like all the up arrows become something like left, down,
or right. But you can have them so all the arrows are completely random, so they'd still
appear in the same place, but they'd all be completely random and not appear in any way.
figure out some way to shuffle double steps because I'm just sick of being able to only
play it on regular or play it on mirror. And really that's just the same. Yeah. Yes. I
had a dumb idea once because I'm terrible at... Now Irene, no idea is a dumb idea. Oh,
wait till you hear this. This is pretty stupid. Oh my God. Yeah, I'm terrible at freestyling
So I always thought it would be so cool if they put a screen on the back of DDR so that you could turn around and not fuck up.
Because I remember when I first played Only You, and I tried to turn around again, and I totally messed up because I don't know how to freestyle.
Well, that's part of freestyling, is learning how to turn around.
Now, I know you have issues with Mirror, but...
You know, I fucking hate Mirror. Mirror is the devil.
uh... okay uh... what i meant was like you know just if you want to turn around
and start doing that there is some shit like that you know i can't look at a
step chart and know what i'm doing because
i'm a complete return but i think you're saying that they should make a a
freestyle for dummies machine yes yes
do you have to think that if you are a cell bdr some shit like that i guess
that's a possibility of the expensive but i think that i don't know how
they would be able to pull it off like it would block the view of people who
want to watch anyway so
that'd be kind of pointless
and the bars would
obviously pose a problem because some people need bars
somebody in the back of the room is yelling and you can't hear it over the
microphone suggesting that they just take the bars off the next DDR mix
there is going to be a tournament coming up in august i happen to know there's
going to be a tournament in concord at mountain mikes that they are taking the
bar off the machine for freestyle
that should be pretty cool
uh... a lot more details on that assess their announce looking at the chair in
here we've got your mama suggesting that they have the care of a different speed
for like a modifier you can tell you care of the gutter that would be crazy i
don't know i thought was a little too weird
it is any
besides adding new panels uh... adding new screens bigger screens or anything
konami could do to the game itself to make it more interesting or do they
pretty much just have to trash the whole damn thing and start over actually i got
I've got another idea. Kind of similar with Para Para where you have set routines to do.
Maybe set something up like have a freestyle mode or something where they actually have a set routine for a song.
Freestyle for dummies.
Yeah, basically. You know, kind of get ideas or something.
White people dancing mode.
Exactly.
Teaching you how to do country line dancing.
I wouldn't imagine this would actually be a new DDR, but you know, they've got Para Para, they have DDR.
do something that combines the both together where you have like maybe a
sensitive panel beneath you plus the sensors above soon it's not just where
you wave your hands or how hard you are where you're stepping but you are doing
everything and you memorize their dances or you just have to be in the right
place at the right time you know I was thinking um this might sound kind of I
don't know if I'd explain it right but I was thinking maybe they'd add like mini
panels maybe where you could do like little hand plants you know maybe I could
have like the floor, little moles would come up out of the floor and you could step on
them with your feet.
Maybe that spider stomp.
No, you know, maybe that should be it, maybe they should just make the whole thing like
a-
You know what?
The hell with DDR, we want Spider Stomp 2DX.
How's that sound?
No.
No, no.
How about they just get rid of actual panels and they just make the whole pad pressure
sensitive.
So-
Pressure sensitive?
That would be an interesting-
And like the whole thing would be just one huge panel, and then you could kind of freestyle that way and they can put arrows wherever they want.
It would be like Saturday Night Fever, where you got the light up dance floor. Wouldn't that be cool?
Uh, I don't think I'm going to be somewhere else.
More thoughts?
That's just my two cents. I was thinking maybe Konami should just give us all free machines. Yeah, I'd like that.
Do you hear us? Come on in and hook us up.
In the meantime, this is for Dark Tetsuya in the chat room with some Jerry Halliwell from X2. Here you go.
The street's the place to go
Just a night for the first time
Just about as bad as
For the first time in history
God's got greatness
It's greatness
Hallelujah, it's greatness
Amen, it's greatness
Hallelujah, it's raining men, hallelujah, it's raining men
I think about you almost every day My mind is made up, I see you night and day
You're my obsession but I'll wait in line I'll pretend for till then that I'm doing fine
And I know that my feelings show, but I guess that's the way to let you know I'm in
What else can I do?
You are my fantasy, you are my energy
Baby, can't you see that you belong to me?
I was waiting for the moment in time And the moment came up to make you mine
I gotta have ya, I need you baby One look in your eyes and I gotta say
I know that my feelings don't, but I guess that's the way to let you know I need you
What else can I do?
You are my fantasy
You are my fantasy, you are my energy Baby, can't you see that you belong to me?
I don't know what to say
It's alright, I mean it's alright It's alright, more than that
Yum, daddy, yum, daddy yum, daddy yum, daddy yum, daddy...
Ahv, baby
No, no, nobody does
No, nobody does
No, nobody does
Yes, baby
Bye, baby,Spe diagnosis
Yeah, introduced
beats
outta my head
Bye bye, baby
Bitch
Get a new song
An open letter from Orange Lounge Radio
That's right
a new damn song lady anyway you are listening to orange lounge radio the
very first show about 836 we're taking the show two hours by the way we're
gonna go to nine o'clock with this we think if the show is successful in the
future we'll try three hours but actually this is kind of it's kind of
an interesting situation because my co-host Jamie the lovely Jamie Summers
is going to be gone for the next two shows hey I'm gonna be in San Diego next
weekend and then I'm going to Anime Expo where I have enlisted aid to do interviews with
several of the people there in cosplays and general views and crap.
And that's one thing we're going to bring you on future episodes of Orange Lounge. We
want to do interviews. Unfortunately we were going to be taking a trip yesterday over to
Sunnyvale because we knew a lot of people were going to be convening there and we wanted
to get some interviews with your favorite Bay Area personalities. But unfortunately
we weren't able to get out there because we, I had a job to do. I got work.
So we couldn't make it out there.
But we're going to try in future weeks to get out there.
And if you have any event in NorCal that you'd like us to
come cover, drop us an email, OrangeLoungeRadio, that's all
one word, OrangeLoungeRadio, at yahoo.com.
And we'll try and make it.
Even SoCal events we'll consider, but pretty much
anything further away than that.
We don't really have a travel budget to accommodate yet.
But if you want to give us money, we'll definitely think
about it.
Money is good.
Money is always wonderful.
Money facilitates going places and doing things.
Alright.
We do have some new subject matter.
Okay, the last song we played just before coming out of that break
was LED Light from Beatmania 5th Mix with Overblast,
which is something brand new in the new USA DDR Max that's going to be released.
You remember the release date on that, Jamie?
I think they said they're going to do it in October.
November.
I think they said they're going to do it in October.
Remember, this is the big, I don't know about you guys, I kind of had a hunch that this
is what was going to happen at E3, is that they were kind of keeping it a secret, that
there was going to be a new DDR release in the USA, and it turned out to be that they
are going to release Max in the USA, except it's not just the same song list, it's going
to be some old songs, like Brilliant To You, Orchestral Groove is in it, and AM3P I believe
is returning as well.
One of my friends who is not into Bimani, he was kind enough to videotape some of the
the game for me while he was at E3.
The songs that I saw being played, I remember definitely that one of them was Insertion.
Insertion, very cool.
He said that it looked very clean, he was very impressed with it.
He got to hear a little bit of some talk about it, and on the tape it sounded like everybody's
favorite Konami rep, Jason Enos, in the background, giving some information.
If I can find the tape, I'll definitely make sure that I have the segment encoded so that
everybody can see it, or try to do something like that for everyone.
that's something we can put up on our website that would be pretty cool but it's kind of old stuff
and there's going to be new stuff and something that is going to be new is 20 new tracks to the
usa something has not been on any japanese release that's one of those songs right there we just
played for you over blast from beatmania fifth mix it's going to be a song in ddr max with steps and
all that fun stuff and we've been promised that we're going to have we're going to have some
license songs
in the new in the new DDR
let's hope so
and hopefully no more crappy remixes of AM3P
Hey, I like the remix of AM3P. You do? Well, the one in Max 2 is okay, but...
I like all of the remixes of AM3P. I don't like the remix of Superstar, but that's me.
But anyways, uh... Overblast. That song...
I could think that you'd pick some better ones.
My opinion on this is that that song sucks ass.
And I wish that they had picked a better song.
I mean, out of all the BeatMania songs in the world, why the hell do you pick that song?
Seriously, that song sucks ass.
Pick, like, The Fall.
I mean, pick, uh, N.O.F.I.A.
I mean, there's a bunch of songs.
Oh, hell, why not 3-2-1 Stars or something like that?
Just not that song.
But hey, there's still 19 other songs that can be on there, so I still have my hopes up for this, so hopefully you'll be pleased.
which pretty much eliminates all the top 40 songs.
And there was much rejoicing, yay!
And no remixes of Let Them Move.
God, no.
It actually has been promised on one of those message boards.
It was promised that there's no Let Them Move in any way, shape, or form.
Finally, Konami comes to a good decision.
Hooray for them.
So we'll keep bringing you the news on Max USA as we hear it
because it's going to be a big freaking deal, at least for us.
Because they all say that DDR is dying in Japan.
I don't know if there's any truth to that. We're not in Japan so we don't really know if it's dying or not
But that's what people are saying. So we'll see maybe it's dying there, but it's gonna be big here
So maybe they'll start focusing their efforts on what's starting to become a fad here
I would actually like you know in the whole respect that we're getting this
Max USA I would like to actually I'm probably not listening
But I would still like to give a big kudos to Jason Enos of Konami of America
for all of the hard work that's been put into us getting these games.
And anybody that happened to contribute, I know he's
kind of the contact person, he's the one that lurks on all the DDR boards and stuff
letting us know what's going on, but anybody that happens to be involved with that whole process deserves to thank you.
Whoever woke up over there and said, let's bring DDR to the US
and let's bring them something new, not just recycled crap that they've already imported
because you know Konami's got to know about all these import machines. That's one thing that's completely
boggled me is you've got all these max 2 machines popping up everywhere it's the
new thing and which is great because max 2 is the best mix they've done in a long
long time I would say most people wouldn't argue with me there but yet
Konami doesn't seem to be they have that you know this message is illegal for use
outside of Japan message that comes on the screen but yet they're not really
doing anything about it all these max 2 machines are still sitting there so well
We're not seeing a new release, at least that I've heard of, or that, you know, as far as an arcade release, I haven't seen any new releases come through.
I'm not sure exactly the reasoning behind that, but, you know, if they're not minding us getting those imports or they're not actively trying to stop it, let's not bring that up and not, you know...
It's very interesting to see that we're actually getting a brand new, you know, actually it
doesn't look like something recycled as Rob was putting it. And actually it's looking
like they're putting time in it. I mean, adding features like, you know, the 0.5 speed and
other things like that, it looks pretty good.
Although, 0.5 is kind of a weak feature. It's not really.
Yeah.
How many people are going to, outside of Max 300, which is, in my mind, it's kind of a
crutch if you're going to use 0.5 speed to beat max 300.
What is the use of 0.5?
I don't know.
Is it just to make things challenging, you think?
I think it's to make things more challenging.
One of the other things that I was looking at is hopefully
this won't be as buggy as Conomex was.
I mean, you have problems with the fact that you can't take
the edits off of there, put them on Japanese machines
because they do have region coding inside actual edits
also, which kind of sucked ass.
Hopefully, they'll fix that this time around.
Also, it's very interesting that in Europe, they're
getting Euromaxx, which is the brand new Euromixx there,
which is awesome.
I wish we could get some of their songs over here.
I wish.
Yeah, that would be neat.
Now, maybe this is Konami's little trick
is that they're going to actually take those songs they
put in Euromixx and give them to us.
Well, what's interesting, though,
is Euromaxx, they're also getting a machine for that.
So maybe we can maybe be looking forward to DDR USA Maxx also.
That would be nice.
Very nice. Something that's being suggested in the chat room, a use for 0.5. Imagine my summer love maniac on 0.5 flat.
That sounds like fun.
Yeah, so, stealth. That kind of eliminates, that eliminates, oh okay.
It's effectively stealth though.
It's effectively stealth. We're overhearing from the back of the room. Interesting suggestion there.
So, I don't know when we're going to hear more news on MacsUSA, but we'll give that
to you as soon as we hear any more information on that. One thing we have been hearing little
bits and pieces about, it's kind of a surprise to most people, was DDR PC. We're not talking
about the politically correct version of DDR where the heroin needle is removed. We're
talking about DDR for the personal computer on IBM. Have you heard about this?
Yes, I have. It's actually exclusive to Fry's and Outpost.com. You can go buy it there.
it's basically like 4th Mix on a PC. You've got 40 characters you can choose from, they're
gonna have more that you can actually download off their website at some point or another.
Right now it's been kinda iffy, they've been having it, you know, available, then coming
soon, available, coming soon, so I think they're having a little bit of trouble getting the
actual product out there, they're falling short on that. As far as the song list goes,
you only have a few more that actually aren't available in any of the US versions, but pretty
Pretty much it's just a rehash of 4th Mix all over again.
Actually, I was promised to be able to try this out pretty soon so I'll be able to maybe
give a review on that.
That'll be nice next week maybe.
But one of the features that was pretty interesting with this one was the fact that they're adding
internet ranking just like 4th Mix and all the other Japanese releases had.
So this is pretty good.
I don't know how well it's working out though because you have people playing on keyboards
and you have people playing on pads.
So, I mean, I'm sure there's a lot of, you know, inflating of people's actual ability
on there. But it looks pretty good if you haven't had any home versions.
I wonder if there's some kind of switch that would be able to show, hey, this person played
on the pad or this person played on the keyboard. But even then, any hacker could probably wire
a switch that would look like a pad. Well, actually, no, they do have such a thing
in Dance with Intensity. They have it where it actually detects whether it's keyboard
were playing with a controller, but now still.
Probably.
If they just did a port of the PlayStation version, they probably didn't bother to go
that far with it.
But one thing, I remember before the break, Dave was out here talking about Fries, and
I know a lot of people on the west coast probably haven't seen this because they don't have
Fries electronics outside of California too much.
They've got this really interesting setup for DDR.
Have any of you guys been over to Fries and seen their DDR setup?
They've got the two Bads on the ground, and Fries is on a concrete floor, at least the
one we go to here in Sacramento, has a concrete floor on it, so it makes it pretty good to
dance on, so it kind of feels like the arcade pad.
And then they've got like a big screen TV with DDR economics going on it, and every
time I've gone into Fries, I don't play DDR at Fries, it's just kind of weird, I don't
want to be stared at by all those weird people, but I constantly see little kids in there
playing on the thing, and I, those things, the Pads and games sell, it seems like I always
seem to look over and there's one set of parents, at least one set of parents, looking at the
games, thinking about buying them. So, Fry's has kind of been pushing it.
The people really, really, really want to go to GameStop.
Now, let's see. And I'd like to respond to Joe Mama in the chat room about editing images
and posting them. Actually, they have passwords. And basically, it's just a long string of
letters and numbers that they give you when you, you know, finish your songs to post up
for the internet rankings. It doesn't have anything to do with screen captures or anything
like that. So there's really no way to cheat as far as Photoshopping goes. But I mean,
I'm sure there's ways you could probably find to, you know, crack the passwords and all
that kind of thing.
Just like, it sounds like it was going to be just like the ranking for 4th Mix and 5th
Mix and Max 2, everything you had on it where you had the long passwords. So it's pretty
much a lifted system from that. I wonder if there's, if it matches any other game though.
Like if you were to play a song on another mix, it gives you the same code that PC would
give you.
um... someone i believe we should make it apart to actually post somewhere
the actual there is internet ranking in max to unlock people don't know about it
if you play at three songs certain songs in a row
the luxury of password that they can post on the internet ranking site not
many people know that that's actually out there
perhaps i need to make this uh... future contest or something you know
uh... i don't know about that in the idea
captured japanese ur dominate japanese and people from a the barrier probably
dominating that uh... internet ranking let's there but
we could give it a try
there's also the only making and that there is uh...
somewhere and i think while those papers that page for the only ranking
yeah they'd be date
with the effort
to translate the internet ranking page in english so big shout out to them for
doing that that's a good favor to the whole community there
And speaking of the community, I'd like to make a mention that if ever, you know, whenever
we're not hosting our show live, you can also check out a lot of the community action for
the SACBEMANI forums, located at www.sacbemani.com, that's S-A-C-B-E-M-A-N-I dot com.
But we're definitely not going to be restricting the show to just the Sacramento community,
we want to get everybody involved, and I'm looking in the future at future shows to get
more guests involved in the show, hopefully some people will be able to come down from
the Bay Area and be in the show. And as I said, if we can't bring them to us, we're
going to go out to them. We're going to go out and tape at some tournaments and stuff
like that. So you might see us around. So come say hi and you can be on our show that
way. I'm going to take a really quick break here and then we're going to come back and
wrap things up. So I'm going to do a set of a couple 2DX songs and then we'll come right
back. We'll start it off with Rizlam here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Where's my fan when I need it? I wanted to do the TranDance.
The TranDance?
The StarMine TranDance.
That's actually the way I freestyle in 2DX.
There's a little break in StarMine and I'll do a little spinny arm thing anyway.
Let me hear about that.
Anyway, that was Ryu with StarMine before that.
Rick with Rizllm from 2DX.
Rizllm gets you.
And right now, they've been playing 2DX all night here in the broadcast room.
They're playing, what is this, Love Will?
That's a great 2DX song.
They will play that next week.
next week. That's old school 2DX. Old school 2DX. We're getting ready to wrap up the show
here, our first show. I'd like to thank everybody here for listening tonight. Thank you so much
for listening to our first show. You're listening to a little piece of Bomani history, I'd like
to thank. I'd like to thank me. I don't want to quit after the first week, so that's a
good sign that there's a little bit of life left here in the show. I was kind of worried
that, you know, this show would scare me off so bad I'd want to quit. But no, I think we're
going to do this for quite a while, and look for us coming to an arcade near you soon.
One thing we do need to talk about though, we kind of touched on this briefly right before,
right when we came back from the last segment, but Jamie you're going to be gone for a couple
weeks now.
You're the co-host of the show yet you're already abandoning us, but with good reason.
I go to AX every year and I'm actually heading down a week early to go to San Diego to see
some friends and to hunt down our little youth coalition friend with a chainsaw.
I mean, with a recorder so I can maybe get an interview if the door's not slammed in
my face.
Right.
But really, I'm going to be at Anime Expo, I'm going to have recorders with me.
So all of you people who are going to be there, watch out for the girl with the wings.
Yes, I will be in costume.
I've seen Cosplay, it's great.
Jamie's Cosplay costume is something else for this.
I will be either in costume as Mad Hatter from Angel Sanctuary, or Biken from Guilty
Gear X, or Leona from King of Fighters.
So watch out for the short girl in the costume with the big black wings and the face paint.
Our website was finished today and your picture's on it so they can find it there.
Yes.
Exactly.
But the issue is, we're still doing the show every week, so we're going to have an open
seat.
So, what do you think I should do about this predicament we're in?
Should I have them all fight over it?
Should I make them all play 2DX to see who wins?
You could do like the clown car thing and pile them all in.
What?
You could do the clown car thing and pile them all in.
i think this is also the biggest seat is really cushy and i think that we should
just take caution tape around it
and people have to caution job to get it
yeah hurt hurt hurt hurt
or there we go we could do a limitation
we get tricky about all we do
bahmani survivor
that this scene will be filled by a random individual
but it will be temporarily filled because i don't let up my spidey hahaha
maybe we'll do the money pop idol has a sound
your offer would be quiet
you don't know what you're talking about
why you're not coming to hollywood you little bitch you all the weakest link
on the line that's pretty much across between the weakest link in star search
and this is why i don't like to see if you know where you know we should do
karaoke to see you know i think on i've been to karaoke
i think maybe what we'll do is we'll just uh... come back next week and we'll
We'll kind of surprise everybody with who we're gonna have. Maybe we'll talk about it during the week.
I don't know, unless you have any... We will have a lovely surprise waiting for the crowd next week.
Are you sure? No karaoke?
And no karaoke? Maybe we'll do karaoke.
Don't you know, don't you know, I've been waiting for you.
Irene lost. Anyway. Oh, no I didn't.
Or we could just settle this the good old D&D way. Where's my dice?
uh... nobody chat but i know all of you know indeed he means to you
because all about the doors i mean
well i think i started and i think it's just about that
how we take a number of the one in six everyone takes a number don't say it on
the air
and they will have someone that in our chat room
at random number three one six
and i'll be your house
to be overnight
do that i need to straight over all of you all
six different numbers
and as we have a moment of silence to decide since the microphone can't pick
up the people in the background
i think that we will have a random guest next week and we will surprise our
beautiful lovely listeners who we all love very much and they're trying not to
board a desk and if worse comes to worse we'll just pass the headset around
we'll let everybody sit in the chair for a segment does that sound like a fair option?
Now you're pimping out my chair.
Yeah, we'll pimp out the chair.
So the new co-host for next week will be the Bahmani pimp.
How's that sound?
They'll be the whore.
We've got to be the pimp to pimp out the chair.
OK, so they'll be the Bahmani whores.
That's true.
You can get ejected out of the chair.
You can get ejected out of the chair.
Just get something stupid, bam, and you're out of the chair.
And then we need to bring the gong.
I bring the button with a spring.
And if you piss me off, I'll just do it.
It'll be like Russian roulette.
It'd be like.
They'll fall through the floor.
Oh, that's Russian roulette.
Russian Roulette.
It would be like that MTV show, Remote Control.
It'd be like Remote Control.
Now, see, there is a sign of being old when you remember when Remote Control was new.
That means you're old if you remember Remote Control.
And you know what's funny enough?
A winner is Irene.
What was the song they all sang when the person went through the wall?
Na na na na, na na na na, hey Harry.
Party!
Anyway, I think we're going to bring this show to a close now.
Thank you everybody for listening.
Please join us next week again at 7 o'clock.
We're going to rebroadcast this show sometime through the week.
I just haven't figured out a good time yet.
So if there's a part you missed, you can hear it later.
But do send us an email, orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
All one word.
And let us know what songs you want to hear through the week.
And yeah, all your suggestions and stuff.
All your suggestions are below the list.
Exactly.
For great justice.
All right.
So we're going to end the show now.
Thank you to everybody for listening.
And we will see you next week on the Orange Lounge.
Any final thoughts, Jamie?
Be excellent to each other.
Party on, dude.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
