You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
Oh, you're being onto us, you mess!
You want to a cute happy moment?
Yeah.
I'm not sad that I haven't had a chance to put you in the match.
It's about love.
Let's go with the high.
Let's go high to the high.
Come on, darling.
You turn up in the way.
You there.
Oh, okay.
I'm working on it.
Okay.
Run.
I'm about to run, baby.
Really?
Run?
You do the best.
You do the best.
Run.
It's your host Jamie Summers AKA Dark Sakura.
But, off this weekend, Jamie has decided to skip town a bit early to head off to the big Anime Expo convention in Southern California.
But we have a substitute teacher for you tonight.
Everyone say hello to the lovely Irene.
Hello to the lovely Irene.
Thank you very much.
Or you can simply call her the right person.
This is episode number 2 for June 30th of 2002.
We are joined in studio once again by a whole bunch of senior personalities.
Say hello everybody.
Hello!
We'll be talking to some of them more a bit later, but first a very quick break.
Any other opening thoughts for you?
Oh great, last Christmas.
Why don't you look at some Christmas presents?
Oh, um, okay.
Open the thing you can't come up to the show.
It's in your boyfriend.
Oh, um, okay.
I want to try the new triple taco one.
Give me a hug.
That is a thing so much.
Good morning.
Oh, fun money. I still don't have money. Do you think coffee's worth it, Mr. James?
I don't think so.
Okay, 50 things on the way. Yeah.
Alright, we'll be right back after this quick break.
We'll be talking about all sorts of fun stuff this week.
Another two hours to be killed before mommy's back at the movies.
Oh
I
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
We love you! We love you!
Wooooo! Noooooo!
We love you! We love you!
Noooooo!
We love you! We love you!
Noooooo!
Extreme Bopati Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
That is us. Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, the second broadcast.
Oh yes! Look it up over there on the other computer.
Are you being pirates?
Arrgh!
And she'll throw me a thunder.
What is? What? Yes.
Did you hear about that new pirate movie?
No I didn't.
It's rated Arrgh!
Oh, I can always count on you for a funny joke.
I'm so glad Jamie chose you this time. Let's see it for the sake.
Jamie is supposedly joining us in the chat room right now, but
now, but she's under the name Bright Sakura, so I have to admit I'm a little skeptical, so I just have to
I have to quiz questions to make sure it's really who it is. So we'll see if she's able to frankly identify herself.
She's so pretty.
Bright Sakura.
Well I imagine if I were junior right now, I'd be in a pretty puppy mood too.
Oh, I'd be like, pretty. You know that is so awesome.
You know that she's been the past four days working on her costumes.
Probably nonstop.
I've barely heard from her in the past week.
She's spent so much time and effort working on the costume with all the friends of hers, she's been helping her out.
This is awesome.
Yeah.
And who is she going to love again?
Um, um, don't go down the street fire and then there's some, some angel.
Angel friends you might need.
Yeah, angel friends you might need too.
And it's wearing all black.
And then there's a hot air person.
Yes, was it that hot?
Was there a hot air person?
I don't know.
This is how much we know about anime here, so...
Oh, Jamie's gonna show us some chipmunks.
Oh my gosh!
Okay.
So anyway...
Well I thought, uh...
Well that's what you're talking about, this whole, uh, Solo 2000 thing.
This is about the only thing in the bohani news that's pretty big right now, since there's no new games coming out, really.
Uh, Solo 2000...
The evil, evil machine that it is, getting pulled from bowling alleys and things across the nation, that's just one so far.
Um, but it's starting to kind of cause this fear and panic amongst other people, like oh my gosh, are they going to pull our solo machine in a place that we're happy USA makes, so what's going to happen?
To make things worse this week, uh, Fox News in San Diego, Channel 6, aired a special little report, and I thought we'd air it for you here on the show.
And that's how we can all respond to it live on air.
If you ever want me to pause this you can kind of just let me know, but let's take a look at this little, little news story.
This is coming to us by the way from Bomaniac.com and then I just recently stole it from them.
But basically I'm providing it for the internet, so here we go.
I enjoy stick for a button.
And then it uses your feet.
His aim is called BXBS revolution.
It's popular among kids and teens.
And now some are saying they're shocked at what they're actually seeing.
Half the kids need to put a tonic. Half the kids need an hour or more of talent.
We're running back the
to bye bye baby balloon.
Oh my gosh.
Hey, hey, this looks easy.
And more importantly, this looks like dancing hot.
When you're out there and you have the music going on.
When I see this woman up there talking on the screen right now I'm not thinking about fun.
I don't...
Who is this lady?
Her name is Pamela Cameron and she's a mom.
Just a mom.
Just a mom.
She's probably the only white lady in San Diego.
I used to live there. I would know.
I've been waiting for an hour and I didn't know that there was a corn line so my kids go up and start looking at me.
There's things we're moving on and the most thing for six is meat.
Oh!
Yes, yes evolution of meat.
I thought it was pretty small myself.
It's the bee's meat.
Hahaha!
Hahaha!
Hahaha!
Hahaha!
CDR's meat.
Today I'm going to ask you a question but I was really quite aligned because you're there and I...
Ahh...
I was really quite alarmed. It was a shark!
Oh, it's a nurse and pill.
Pills all around and needles and holes at my back.
Even if you just lay them on your chest, they'll be safe.
But if I had to, I would say, hang on.
Oh, do you see what I see?
Oh, I see.
Oh.
What do you see?
That's why a local youth group said that.
What the fuck? Why did you even have to point that out to me?
Dogs are actually the nurse administering like children and meals and stuff.
You know like that's the whole theme.
It's not like they're the opening thing bringing drug dealers in the background.
Oh my god, it's a drug dealing nurse.
I know.
Ah, shit.
How about any of them?
They're the ones who give me the name of the one.
Is that the chick?
I know this chick's name is Jamie Bernstein, who is a member of the advocacy coalition, however, it's not the same person that's catching all of that.
Forget her name.
So come on, baby, yeah!
Ha ha ha!
She's getting too much better than her!
Ha ha ha!
Ah, damn it.
Okay, anyway, let's see.
Oh, right on.
Um, um, if you come from any movement, there are very, very, um,
So, the team will believe that these are the machines that are on the show.
And it's way, way better than it ever comes with a machine that can have these machines.
Okay, however, the machine she's playing on is still a six-manner machine, so...
You know what's funny?
They show a picture of Nast, and then they have, like, all the needles and stuff,
but then they replace it with a skull and a machine.
Like, they show the picture of Nast at the top, and at the beginning when Nast is playing it,
they're showing, like, uh, somewhere over the rainbow and bye-bye to the balloon.
But then when they show the needles, they saw on the, uh, solo machine.
And then they go back to the mat, see how they're replacing it, and they show the solo machine.
That's what we replace through it, and it doesn't really make sense.
But, these images are still on some local dance machine!
Well, you know, how are you going to take them off of the machine?
Of course they're still going to be on one.
Are they going out of the hammer-on?
I want to know if that was how someone noticed this, Toby.
This guy doesn't look like he ever notices a line.
I believe this is the owner of the bowling alley that's around there.
But it's just so tiny.
But the event is a few arms, some local bands, and a shoe.
I never know if that is where someone lives with their baby.
I never know this yet until someone mentioned it to me.
Wait, what? One of those animals?
I don't know that movie, but it seems like the guy who just sits there in the back of the bowling alley
faces out for a little while during this shit.
You're probably the janitor!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Look! Look! Look!
We plan to make some changes.
Hey, listen. We've got so many things out there
that we really need to change
our lives and our lives actually.
The fun is to see that.
See? There's too many things
out there to change.
So, let's start with those
evil dancing machines.
In images
Now some pieces of space should have never been there in the first place.
Now these bands were sent as soon as you might know this, but look what I told you, it's nine billion fifty percent of the planet.
I won't point out most of the bands, bands, revolutions, and scenes do not contain images of drugs or diseases.
I did find that all in that.
So what do you guys think of that beautiful little report?
We are making it back into the news media again.
That's pretty cool, because you know, anything that sets a controversy is obviously going to become hugely positive.
And, um, the fact is that they had that contradiction themselves.
They said there's already been, yeah, there's already been change, you know?
Or some years ago, you know?
Hold on, we have to stop the show because they want to play with this flincy that's sitting on the desk here.
So, hold on a minute.
Very good.
Enjoy.
Alright, I'm sorry.
I know a lot.
And they should put a warning on the Earth that says if you play this, you're going to, you know, evoke the dark lord Satan and he's going to come and eat your children.
I mean, no! Seriously, I think there are more, you know, people out there doing worse things than hunting the Earth, which is good for your health and there's so many benefits to them.
And I'm not going to, obviously, listen to everyone else that's playing.
That's actually the first time really I've seen those images that they've been referring about on the, on the article and all that stuff
like these evil images of the nurse riding on a syringe and stuff because I've only voice told her 2,000 one time and I didn't play with them.
You know, why don't you manage what your children are doing?
You know, if you don't like them, why don't you, don't let them play, but don't clap and say hello.
Why would you leave your kids with some guy in a bow and arrow who look like that?
Oh no!
It's just sitting in the back.
Not, not, not holding on.
Yeah, and you didn't do worse things than the frickin' new guys!
Oh my god!
Geez, they don't, they don't, they don't like to think, they just like to feel.
You think we're going to be seeing a lot more of these kind of new stories, Seth, are we?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
There.
I'm actually, I don't know, guys.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, yeah, so, well all those pills look exactly like the pills from Dr. Mario, you're absolutely right, at a point.
I don't remember that up, counting as one of them, of course I was kind of younger then, maybe there was something going on,
but between them, Dr. Mario wasn't just provocatively, you know, in a cute little bikini outfit, you know, and straddling a syringe, you know.
Do you think that Dr. Mario has been like Dr. Princess Peach, but with a different issue?
And she would like, you know, straddling the little viruses and things like that.
Maybe, who knows?
Sorry, what?
It was so hard.
I know, but I think like if one of the viruses were going down on her, you know,
it wouldn't like that.
But, um, if it were talking to mine on a big screen, I'd kill myself.
That's pretty gross.
But yeah, I don't know.
That's probably just because it's that female thing that you don't see on TV every day or anything.
You know, some girl has...
Well, maybe you are going to see it on TV every day. I just flip it through the news stations and oh!
I mean, I'm just running in general, standing with my eyes, you know?
Open up the newspaper and look at the laundry section, you know?
And then whack off to it, too.
It's called See, All of the Wild, I'm special.
I know!
Behind the Playboy mansion.
And MTV!
All of it.
So, in a brilliant sphere.
I know, guys.
So, if you'd like to join us in our chatroom, we got comments you want to give on this, go ahead and join IRC.APEX.ORG
And then the channel is Orange Lounge and hopefully within the next week we will have a little online applet thing that you can just load right in your browser to get on there.
So we'll work on that for the next two weeks. So it's really easy to get in our chatroom.
If you do have any comments on it, go ahead and visit our chat room if you know how to get into MIRC and we'll read some of your stuff on the air if you want.
In fact, I'm being corrected that Jamie's costume for Anime Expo is Baiken and the Mad Hatter.
Yeah, I wouldn't think that would happen.
What is it going to happen?
Yeah, how bad?
Uh-huh.
Also, comedy, it's a nurse. It's giving props to doctors. It's raising medical awareness.
Yeah, you know.
See your doctor. Get your check-ups ready, truly, which I don't do.
So I'm not playing enough solo today.
I haven't been to the doctor in three years.
I've been to the doctor in three years.
Oh, well, she took my crossfit. I'm bad.
I'm so bad.
Shut up.
Heh heh heh.
Heh heh.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break, and then we'll come back with, uh, many, many FUs of the week.
Everybody, now that Jamie's gone this week, it seems like everybody has their own FU in the week.
And also, Paul will be giving us his Drama Drama Revolution wrap up.
So, uh, stay tuned. We'll be right back in about three minutes.
There will be the Orange Lounge radio.
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go!
and
the
the
the
the
Bitch, get a new song, an open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio Live for this June 30th and Brad is back in the house and he has brought Krispy Kreme's with him.
Thank you Brad!
Yay!
What flavors do we have here?
Oh yummy!
I don't want one of those rolls of bacon, I reckon.
That thing's pretty good.
Oh I do have some for a bite.
I should be on a diet.
Although I did take, I did take back what I made this week.
I decided that it was pointless.
Why didn't I make these delicious?
I didn't mean to.
Too good for me to be doing that.
And you know what I noticed today? I went to Monboli and Barbecued today and I was only able to eat...
I put beef in it because I figured it's awesome back on red meat, let's go overboard with it.
And I was only able to eat like a third of the bowl. Whereas if I usually get like chicken or anything else, I eat the whole damn thing.
Does that happen just like with drones and stuff?
It's probably a protein. You can try to give me this whole spiel video with protein and things like that.
So I don't know, maybe my body's just reacting to it.
It's kind of like putting myself on a diet in a way, if I'm eating well.
Hey!
Yeah, can I help?
Can I help?
Yeah?
Anyway, Jamie Summers is on vacation this week, and actually she's going off to N.A.E.S.M.O.
But she has a little segment she does every week, or at least she did it last week,
and she says she's going to be doing it every week, so I guess we'll see what she does then.
Called Jamie's F.U. of the Week, and since she's not here tonight, I'm going to fill in my own little F.U. here of the week.
Hi, um, my F.U. is awake.
People who can't follow the three things open wide.
I hate it when I'm up there and they say there's only one coin up on the machine.
There's my coin up on the machine and I'm just kind of sitting down in the back watching.
I was at some kind of place this week where this happened and I'm not going to say
what the establishment's called or the dean was called.
And then this other person comes up and puts their coin on the machine.
There's a lot of these two coins on the machine.
So when the person who's on the machine finishes their turn, the person who just put the coin up on the machine starts to go in.
I'm like, hey wait a minute, did you see that other coin on there? It's like, oh no, sorry, my bad. I thought it was my turn.
It's like in the store now. I think so.
Like this person just had no concept of a wine. It was just kind of like, oh, put your token on the machine and I think you can go next.
You know, I mean, this is why these people will put all their tokens in the machine.
I'm like, okay, you can get one with me!
Oh, then you put like four tokens up on the machine.
This means I'm going to play it four times.
And then, yeah, I'm like, okay, I'm fine, I'm fine.
And when they do that, I pull them up and say, well, you know, this means fuck you, fuck all.
I'm gonna play now.
And you know what I hate about the token right now, so I was trying to explain it to parents.
Because sometimes parents just don't understand.
Yay!
Okay, Will.
Yeah, I know.
Um...
Ahh...
Baboo!
I don't understand.
Someone had to sit the dad down, like, and explain to him over, like, 15 minutes before he went to work.
And then he just came back to work.
Did they have to, like, draw out a map?
Yeah.
Like one of those wily coyote footprints?
Yeah, but I don't understand if they have.
You know, Harvard degrees, and they make millions of dollars and blah, blah, blah, but that's not an addition, a simple process of a plane line.
What do you guys think about the plane line? Do you think this is an effective way to keep track?
I mean, we all go to D.E.R. regularly, we all happen to go to the same place.
We all waited until the line, a lot of people here waiting in the line. Do you think it works, or what?
No, what other kind of methods do we have?
It works when you have like a few people playing.
We've got like eight people waiting to play and there's just so many children that you can't even remember which one's yours or when you're going up because there's so many on there.
I think once you get somewhere like four people, then you need to find another way.
Oh, I just think that it's easy to just have a little rat on the side of the screen that they put on some video game scenes.
And that's when that person came around that I looked at today, took a little sauce, wanted to write three poems,
that you just remember your number and you just kind of want to know your numbers like that.
You know what bugs me about that system sometimes,
I was at Stockton Golf and a local system at that system too,
where they have their slots that say one through eight
and you put your coin up there so you remember what number you're in.
But sometimes people go up there,
they take their coin out of number one,
and then they move all the other coins over one space,
which I can see the point of that if all the coins did look the same.
The thing is that it's very confusing because you don't know what to do.
Did you get your coin, but you moved them down? Did someone else put their coin in the place or something?
And then, you know. Oh, yeah.
I want to buy you the triple chocolate. You can't touch that.
Okay, I didn't see that right.
Sometimes it starts with outlines and then it shows as well.
Sometimes it starts with an outline and you put your coin up, you know, maybe number 3.
And then you get shots each time.
And then it starts with an outline and then it's leading the dance on the head.
Oh no, Stockton's golf land problem is not getting glorious game numbers as part of the problem, but I would say their four year old princesses are a much bigger problem than even at Roseau Golf Land.
Stockton's Golf Land has some mean children. I mean, the ones above the golf land are snotty children, but the ones at Stockton's Golf Land are mean.
They'll like step on your feet, they'll throw all the coins off the machine. They're the type that when you play Monopoly, you know, you're going around and if they lose the game they just throw everything up in the air and go, I quit.
I quit. You lose, you suck.
What fun would I have?
Hahaha.
Do you have a problem with it, mom?
Oh, I could be at school if I ran the car.
Yay!
Haha.
What about other methods other than the token life?
There's the list.
The list. How does the list work?
You write your name.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. But how, does it work? Is it good?
It depends on how many people. It's pretty pointless if you only have, you know, a handful of people.
But, you have like, remember in the previous cell phone when they first started using our machines how to do 40 people a night?
I think it works very effectively.
I remember we used to do that at Roosevelt and when we got the fourth next machine and we had a sign up sheet going on there.
But, then it just kind of stopped.
Or it didn't go on until we stopped doing it.
Because, you know, it works with a group of people each other all the time.
When there are people that just want to go up and play, you know, they don't know what they're doing.
They don't know anything about any coin mining or lists that they have to put their name on.
They won't think it's fair. No complaining about it.
But I would say a sign-up sheet is easier to show somebody.
Like, hey, we've got a system going on here than trying to explain why 10 coins are all up on the machine right now.
People who are parents, I don't know, or people who don't play CGR in an arcade scenario,
Oh, I don't see that. As much as they would see a sign up sheet that says, you know,
write your name below if you'd like to get in line with mine.
Well, maybe they just shouldn't write it yet.
Maybe they sh-
Hey, oh. Maybe they shouldn't break up in the morning.
Hey, Matt! Maybe they shouldn't shoot themselves.
Oh, sorry. I don't think that's true.
Stupid people aren't here. It's stupid.
So, what are you looking at?
I don't know.
Stupid people can't do anything by us saying that.
Exactly. That's what usually happens. They put us in it.
They should do is establish some sort of bowling system.
You know how they have a bowling alley where you type your name in and then your turn comes around?
Well they should do that, you know, have something like that where you just get one turn
but you're suggesting that they invest, because all plants have already or whatever place
has these DR machines already paid $5,000 for their machines.
Well in some cases they paid $1,000 for a bullet.
But nevertheless they paid at least $1,000 to get this machine
and now they're going to invest another $1,000 just so that people can get one.
Oh sure, kids, I mean, look at the video maps you have created. How fast does that make its money back?
I bet it's paid for itself within the first two weeks.
Sure, it's worth a black market, I'm sure it is.
But is it worth it to buy another thing just so people didn't mind? I mean, because people are constantly replying anyway, it doesn't matter.
Yeah right, they probably wouldn't understand either of those.
I don't know. I think a lot of it is the arcade really doesn't give a shit who goes when, if honest, there's constantly quarters that you put in the machine.
We only have two working machines in those little plans.
Yeah.
But they don't, they don't care. They're not gonna like it.
It's, it's being suggested in the chatroom that everybody just be given their own machine.
There it is.
Right.
It's a solo machine.
It's a solo machine.
Look at all the solo machines you're taking away.
Absolutely. They can see if they're solo machines.
At least a solo bass machine that is a little bit late for that.
Solo bass is by far the worst ER mix we've ever made.
But Solo 2000, Solo 2000 is a little better.
At least have like twice as many songs.
It's got some non-stops.
You can change all your difficult voice panels.
Is solo bass the one that was in SoCal, the one other than RKL?
We want to know.
It's not there anymore though.
We have to get to that.
That one was not bad. You know what the worst one for me is? It's 1.5.
But it would ever. Anything 1.5 before if there was ever 1.6 before.
Yeah but at least I got the retro value at this point. You know whenever somebody plays Boom Boom Dollar
it's like oh you're being retro. You're going to lose a dollar.
But if somebody's playing...
What happened?
If somebody's playing, I don't know, what was the solo bass song? I don't even know what songs were on that machine.
I Know Why.
The most annoying paranoia was on a live with some anime evolution, super stars, typical tropical.
I'm gonna get typical tropical, they just go, what is that?
I don't know.
I feel like I'm still always fixed now. I want to live 4th now. I hate 4th now.
That's another thing so much about when you pick 4th now or 6th now or 3th now.
You know, 3th now, I'm not any more incorrect so I don't give a shit.
It's beautiful. I don't, you know, I don't care. But, yeah, I write it.
I mean, she writes syringes in her spare time.
Exactly, you know! I own a ranch, but you can write a syringe.
Yeah, um, yeah!
Anyway, yeah, so, I, that's kind of one of the benefits of soles, is that you can take N4 and 3, right?
You can take 3.
So, I mean, that 3 is what, up, left, and right? You can also use the upper left and the upper right.
He's down in the upper left hand.
This is my EPT dancer mode.
Yeah, whatever.
What, I'm sorry?
Combine pump it up in DVR and that's all that.
No, not in DVR.
This is not the classic person's first pose on most DVR bullets and boards, though.
If I shouldn't have made the 9th level DVR,
Do you think Konami is just waiting to do this or do you think it's not practical for a Nintendo VR or what?
How does that not work?
Oh, so that's a lot of stuff to be watching, although, granted, if you can do 2DX, which is 8 things you have to watch,
or keyboard mania, which is what, like 26, 52 if you're playing doubles, things you have to watch,
It's, you only have two feet, and you're not paying attention to how much something is on it.
I don't know, it'd be worth a try, it'd be fun, but I don't think it's going to be a fashion market.
And that's why Techno Motions is taking off, because it's super fun.
Yeah, that's the, um, and that's the Korean one that you gave to me.
Four pounds, five pounds, or eight pounds, or four times, there's no nine pounds on that now.
But, yeah, it's like everybody, hey everybody's doing techno motions!
There's lights in the motion, and you can't see, and it's sticking in my finger right now.
Ah, ah, okay.
So, back to the coin line. You think you guys think it's effective for now?
You don't, you don't know any better, I'll tell you.
What should, what should I, what should, what should,
How can we better educate everybody on the coin line?
So they're just invited people to see the show right now.
Huh?
I'm done.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Ha!
Very practical.
Thank you.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Oh, you mean my... tell them how, how can you...
How do you think our kids need to get in and get involved?
Do you think, do you think that our kids should have a sign posted saying,
hey, here's a coin line policy.
So that way parents go up and go, my kids been waiting.
If we're waiting, we are.
You don't want to decide you're shaking all of those.
You can't please don't care. They're there to breathe their tubes and have somebody else say these to them.
And if it takes more than two thoughts, which is, where's the access?
It's like, uh-uh, they don't care.
They don't care. They just want to give them their money and give them their keys.
Well, fuck them. Maybe they should care.
Well, you know, when parents say stuff like that...
Will they care if I step on their child?
Yeah, you should say, what do you know? There's a nice bucket of syringes on here.
Do you really want to say goodbye?
No, I'll speak for him.
Oh, actually, I think that, both friends especially, do they really want those angry people
that are yelling that the players are yelling at them?
They need to say, oh hell, fuck the players, let them yell at them.
So, what's the point?
There's a little more to that, because if people are yelling at the players, the players are obviously,
even when the players point at people complaining, they're going to go back to girlfriend, you know,
and complain, it doesn't matter.
They're always going to get complaints, doesn't matter.
It's just a matter of who's gonna complain.
So, maybe you can tell me about it.
Well, sometimes they do, sometimes they don't.
Sometimes they do, sometimes they don't.
Yeah, I mean, sometimes they do, sometimes they don't.
For my senses, um, either they won't do it or they'll take a long time to do it.
So, I, I don't know.
But, I mean, I've seen some teachers were separate from them, so.
But I don't know, as far as the little coin line, it's more than implied saying that there's no set rule
that anyone has to follow a coin line.
You know, they can just say, fuck off, I'm going to play right now.
I'm going to fuck off, I'm going to play right now.
Now that's something else that bothers me that I see.
This happens at the really, really crowded places.
Say, an arcade in the Bay Area is the very first place to be a brand new machine.
50 coins up on the damn machine.
You have no idea who's going when.
Somebody will just put their coin up there.
If they'll leave, they'll go play some better games for an hour or whatever.
Then they'll come back and go, oh by the way, it's my turn.
That, that, I don't know. Do you think that if somebody puts a coin up they should be obligated to wait there until it's their turn?
They put that thing in their dues, they should wait there?
To go?
Oh, not necessarily. I always end up leaving coins on the machine and I'll just say,
okay, there's two people in front of me, that's enough time to play one game,
here, here, come back and watch.
You know, I kind of estimate how many people are going to be in front of me and then
But what I use when I put my coin up to go push that mouse to come back to go click on the machine.
And I see what I know when we hit the pocket.
Like, if there's ten coins up on the machine, like three or four weeks ago,
and I was a girlfriend and all these people on the boards,
on the second money boards were talking about,
now they hear how people just put their coins up and then leave and come back out and they're like,
oh it's my turn to get these mother's coins at that five times.
So what I do is I put my coin up to count how many are before,
And as soon as that person's done playing, I yell out to the whole arcade,
I'm nesting five people! No one takes my turn!
And then so everyone knows, just like when my turn.
And it's worked every time.
That's why, that's kind of similar to what I tried to do when I did my coin mine.
If I put my coin up, I go, okay, who is the last person to put their coin up?
I'm going after that person, the hell with the rescue.
Although, I almost got killed by a little kid, a little, I think a little four year old,
The music video is expressed on a live video!
Who's watching the video?!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Have you guys heard of any other methods of keeping track of the coin whenes besides, er,
I'm sorry, keeping track of when the return is for the money besides coin whenes,
fine as sheets?
Right off the smart ass helmet.
I know, I punch you in the face.
Thank you. Thank you, Redhead.
How about maturity?
How about the maturity?
I think that's really the thing that's important here, because if somebody else has turned,
it is, you know, before you were acting, you can say, you know, I know when I turn.
And if somebody's wrong, I'm not the best now. You can just let them go, and you know you're the best.
Because that person, Elizabeth, says, it's my turn, and they also did that for you because you selected your answer.
And that's what I saw and all, but you're talking about video games on the most immature pastimes on the planet.
And then, after waiting for ten people, and she's going, no, but I was after him.
Yeah, well I wasn't kind of cut in front of me even though I was before him.
And then the next person goes, but I was before him.
Yeah, see that's where emotions start to crash.
The times I try to be nice is exactly what's happened.
And then it's like, okay, why did I bother?
Why should I bother?
Is that my education by gunpoint?
Yeah!
So what the news is is how, just like the customer service desk that's hard to get
and that belly and stuff, they now serve inside.
You take a number, you know, wait your turn
And then once you see them pillow, oop, out of the point of the machine, now it's serving.
I was actually thinking that would be a great, great system to use in a tournament, actually,
because I don't know how many tournaments you guys have been into, the EA portions,
and what makes it happen, everybody's qualifying.
It's like, they'll call the next person and then they'll say,
Oh, that guy's playing, ah, they're up there right now.
We've got to go get them when their game's finished.
And everybody's standing around there waiting for two minutes.
I think in a tournament that would be a good idea to use.
These little pull-pass things are not necessarily pull-passes, but have the little counter, and it's like your number is so-and-so.
So when it's about four people before you, you better be waiting by the machine, because you're trying to qualify or you're out.
I thought that was a good way to speed up urban detection in the future, getting around those mistakes.
But do you think that would have worked in a normal arcade setting?
A few, four, two, five?
You look through a lot of these apps.
Oh, yeah, sure, yeah, yeah.
And who's going to pay that?
And I'm going to take five in a row, so I get to go five times.
If you see something that's not here, watch this video.
And then over here, alright, so...
Look at that!
This is every day!
This is like playing the lottery.
Do I have to? Oh yeah!
So you just want to do 30 or something like that.
And then once you're done, you take it from the top.
So watch having those little members at Carl's Jr.
Well what happens to those members at Carl's Jr.?
They get stolen!
This is...how many of those a-hole hecklers now are gonna just take numbers and go away though?
Ah, let's just put this away.
The problem is that we're gonna go way too far too down to do anything if there's no way.
But everyone, everyone here agrees then probably the topian line's the most effective thing for now or do you think it's...
Actually, we would have started doing something else by then.
Oh, you know, and we're gonna be trendsetters here.
Well, we're reaching out to the masters. We can be...
Oh, then we use the toy key and set everyone's name on separate coils.
And then we roll the strings down and put whatever coil it lands on.
Oh, hi.
Hi.
Alrighty, alright.
That's a hush.
You see? You know, Mom?
Yes.
Unless it's our machine, we can't really establish anything.
We can try to do a lot of stuff, but you know, it's not our machine.
I know we care about it, but we should only do so much.
It's not our machine.
I mean, people are the ones that spend the money on it.
They don't use a craft.
They don't have to fix a toy, fix a token.
That's all they care about.
They don't care about you and their feelings.
And they don't care about it.
If you spend five dollars, that's five.
It's totally ours.
Exactly.
It's not our machine.
We can't, you know, make it a kind of
I'm trying to fool over it, so...
Shouldn't our data take that extra responsibility on the bad idea of it?
What, they forgot their thing? Maintain the bad idea of it?
Oh, you mean work? No, I'm talking about...
I'm talking about, uh, the lines.
Oh, oh, sorry.
I mean, fighting games have had this problem since, you know, Street Fighter 2 came out, you know?
Well, I guess the token lines kind of evolved.
They are a family amusement center, correct?
So they should be doing something to manage it, you know?
And as usual, most places have four test scores.
And there's nothing you can do about it until something either gets killed or gets sued or gets fired.
I forget about it. When I look at this, people don't know how to take turns.
When we went out in the chair garden. How sad is it when we can't take turns?
People don't understand the concept of taking turns. That's really sad.
It's really sad. Why do these people argue this for a living?
They understand. They just don't want to do it.
These are people who play our plays, you know?
They're serving our government.
Right in our country.
I'm not that cool. I don't have that good of a job.
Okay, it's just a cross section of America.
Well, cross section of the society of America.
All right, am I also going to say anything on the coin lines, taking turns, things they
should have learned in kindergarten, things like that?
And on that note, we're going to take another break. We'll be right back.
This is where you'll take the CD for ear. To the brand new world we're going to solve for Captain J.
Hey, how are you?
Oh
I see the world by the hand of a stranger I see the world by the hand of a stranger
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
You're so good, boy.
This is perfect!
This is all I got.
It's really good.
Come on.
It's really good.
This is so cool.
I love this show.
Oh, yeah!
Oh
Oh
Orange Lounge Radio, a modern music and more program, might be interesting to listen to in the kitchen.
We have reported incidents where exposed listings in this program in the kitchen
has caused people to bust out a shabby fan, draw arrows on the tile, and start stomping away.
The Family Public Service Announcement of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio Live.
I want to turn the mic over to Mr. Paul, a.k.a. Pauliver, to talk about Drama Drama Revolution.
Yes, that would be all of the drama that goes on in the online community,
on all the different golden doors out there.
Paul volunteered, I guess every week he didn't help us out with this.
You know, there's a lot of stuff I've been waiting for.
There's a lot of stuff in our show.
Well, every week, if there's enough material, material pending, and Paul continues to the show, uh, pending or whatever,
Paul wants to give a wrap-up.
And we're gonna call it Drama Drama Revolution.
So go forth, Paul.
Last time on The Last of Money, Antonio and Matt, and Americano and Bi-Boy,
were curious and curious as one of those to turn into a giant dragon eating themselves for breakfast.
She poured more milk on them than they need them across the place.
To help the flavor.
And that's how I came in.
These are my powers, Yoda's and Bo's.
And we tried to, you know, build the water and the whole thing.
But this was just a failure.
And then, on the off-grid, I couldn't read anything.
This was all the summary and then I had to put the pen.
I'm, uh, Jeannie Cohen, from The People of Brisbane, uh, three of the four of you I think have done, and four of us, have to try to, uh, transition on, one day, on, uh, local picture board.
Oh, yeah?
Can you hear someone?
Yeah.
Just try to help, Paul.
Uh, try, uh, try to help me.
Uh, and, uh, this is why I need to write this.
Yeah?
We don't write the show, I see you could write the show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Look behind the show!
I mean, God, everyone just died. Everyone died, I mean.
Any other board you want to wrap up for us?
Everyone's dead, I don't know.
Alright, well, don't drop out of the pollution.
Thank you very much, boss. Or something like that.
Irene has a joke. Alright, we'll call a joke and then we'll come back.
We'll take it quick break and then come back for the top of the hour.
Or whatever.
Yeah.
See, was that your joke?
What do you call a deer that has no eyes?
What?
No idea!
What do you call a deer that has no eyes and no legs?
What?
Still no idea!
Ahahaha!
No!
I don't know!
Alright.
I'll take that.
Oh gee.
Anyway, we're gonna do another song and we'll be back.
Real Prime!
Hey, alrighty, it is eight o'clock, it's the time of the hour, and you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, our second broadcast, if you couldn't tell, we're still doing this.
But thank you guys for joining us on this early broadcast of Orzam's Radio.
My co-host, DarkSakura, is out of town because she's gone off to Anime Expo.
So filling in this week, it's the lovely rice princess, Irene. Say hello, Irene.
Ah, hello, Irene.
You're very famous in the Bomani community for something, Irene.
I don't know if you want me to bring this up on the show, but I think it's funnier.
You want to tell us about it, what you're famous for in the scene?
You want me to explain it? Well, we had this tournament in Sacramento back in October.
We are stacked. Sacramento's cosplay and tournament.
No dirty connotations at all needed.
And you happen to be one of our judges from Risa.
Uh, because we, uh, we ended up having an equal, I believe, male and female judges.
No, we had more female judges than male judges, didn't we?
Um, I don't remember, because we had you, we had Wanna Girl, Sharks Girl, and Dr. Cora.
Yeah, we had three male judges.
I didn't want to judge you for that. But you were, you were the infamous judge on my channel.
Oh, yes, yes.
Because you wrote on somebody's card, um, I would have given you a higher score. What was it you wrote on his card?
I believe, um, a higher score would have been given this year or was it you?
Yes.
And I gave them a score of 8.
Yes.
Which is a bad score.
Which is a B!
You know, what's wrong with a B?
You know, but anyway.
But you, you took a lot of heat. Well, you didn't take a lot of heat for this movie.
All of a sudden I looked at the heat bar, but that's okay.
And you know why?
You know why?
I don't know for a moment.
No, no, no, that's fine.
You know, so, yeah, anyway, I guess I just think that this is...
The hell with drama drama revolution is you're smart.
You take a lot and go, like, don't get on these online things.
Oh, wait a minute, you're on the online radio show.
Yes, I am, but I like this.
I don't care about if people get mad.
Is there any other comments you want to give on that?
Like, you know, I need to get back.
What do you have to say to the people that are like,
What the hell are you thinking in a mirror thing and why would you give it a little score and of course you use mirrors.
Well, like breakfast. Fuck the police.
Well, um, I can judge however I want to. That was one of the criteria of judging was judge however you want to and don't be biased or anything.
You know, nearly the boring thing to me, everybody uses mirroring and my face enjoys the audience but I don't give a shit.
I tried to sit backwards, you know, and, you know, I tried to do something different.
Yes, it was all the same shit, and it was good.
And I gave him a high score, 80 is a high score.
You know, that's a B, like I said.
So, you know, and then he wanted to be a whiny and complaining shit.
You know, and I'm like, whatever, I don't care.
Give me that one, give me that one.
Uh-uh.
Yeah, yeah, so, you know, that's all on that, I guess.
Okay, well that's all your favorites in the community, so uh, I thought we'd maybe find that for the end of the week.
The only way I'm saying this, uh, yeah, yeah.
What is going on outside the other room?
Well, I just, I, you know, that, uh, Dave showed me the Fortnite extra challenge mode.
Uh, it wasn't really, uh, I never checked out this challenge mode thing on, uh, Fortnite.
And it wasn't the last week.
What?
Uh, forget it.
Uh, sorry, I wasn't, yeah, really, I wasn't.
No. But it's very difficult. Like, a lot of them didn't want you to hit the same arrow twice.
So you had to play 59 and you couldn't hit the same arrow twice.
It was very, very nice.
And the last one we did was, uh...
And it's how you never been low, and you had to hit...
360. Perfect.
And it was all just running left and, like...
Yeah, 60 notes, just all the way down.
But it was just, like, left down, left down, left down, and really quickly all 50 notes.
I don't know. It's pretty weird.
And I thought it was stupid. But yeah.
Okay! Oh great!
So do you have that sort of thing?
There's a screeching train coming to a halt.
That's what I'm doing. I know. I don't have a screeching train, but I do have a...
I'll get one of those. I'm going to be stopping the train.
Okay. That was stupid.
I'm just bringing the show to a halt right now.
You know what? You know what other great sound effects I have?
I'm not going to be used for this yet, but you know what?
If Irene ever pisses you off, you could just, you know, say,
Yeah, that was pretty good, didn't it?
I'm not really sure.
There's no losing that.
It looks like half.
Like, quarter of the Christmas tree looks like it ate the whole thing.
Anyways.
Anyways.
Be good and sparkle!
Um, this is a, uh, a room full of guys.
Can you see your guys?
Yes, well, I'm surprised you haven't found out, Mona.
Well, thanks for finding out about our temporary goal, John.
Anyway, speaking of Orange Lounge and everything,
outside of this talk show, the whole rest of the week we have a music program.
We are all sorts of Omani music.
24-7 we throw in some dance media tracks,
some other stuff and some random games like Parappa, Bust-A-Move.
You know, all those other games that kind of led us to playing D.R.
I don't know about you guys, but before I was playing D.R. I was playing Bust-A-Move
and we have a segment called, not a give a money game, but should be, and one thing I've
been hearing from some people who have been listening to the stream very frequently is
like, you've had the same damn two songs all week long, you had Republic already to go,
which was my choice, because I thought that was a pretty cool song for guitar freaks to
to be a really good song, and also it's kind of that, it's got that vibe of it used to be a 90's hit, you know, a one hit wonder band, and it disappeared off the face of the planet.
Republica is nowhere to be seen anymore, which is totally just like every other DER band and song I've seen. It's just a one hit wonder band that's not around anymore.
So I thought it would be good for DER, and Jamie's hit was Shannon with the music playing, because Snow is a new song.
We're finally replacing those two songs this week with some new songs.
But I want to hear from the panelists here.
This is kind of that old age old Ramani question.
What song should be in the bandana this now already?
And my choice for this week is actually going to be an old kind of dating myself here.
Uh, yeah, it's the phone call from the 80s, giving me my picture this week.
And I like phones.
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh, I know that phone. Yeah.
And the girl!
Oh, yeah. Anyway.
Anyway. Yeah.
That's a good phone. That's a good choice.
Because, I don't know. I kind of hear it as the 2DX song.
Oh, yeah. I know. That's a good choice.
But it's very... it fits, you know, perfectly.
What song do you think should be in a Hermione game? What Hermione game was?
Well, I chose, uh, something for 2Dx, or, you know, 3A, and I chose a song called You're Not Alone by Ollie's that nobody knows that song.
I know that song.
Yeah, and nobody else.
Yeah.
Which is okay, and, yeah, like, nobody knows that song, but it's a good song.
It's just, it's huge.
Why do you think this song should be in the air?
Because it's a good song.
I think it fits perfectly, um, that song.
So I'm playing it all over again.
Yeah, I know you have to play 17th.
Well, I know that I'm really out there as well.
Yeah, I know.
Well, I think you have to how to understand.
I'm using all of your vowels to me.
Yeah, I think so.
I'm using some of your own.
Something.
I think that kind of genre is it?
Like five vowels.
Cool.
Cool.
I think so.
Where are you at?
What song?
Okay, I just played the
I played the three days last night, but
the one I got wanted
you can have your crystal left more than you
but crystal left the phone
and all
sorry what was it?
name of the game, yeah
that should be a TX, but
if there was any song I wanted to hear
that would be the one
and that's just perfect
except like all of it
scratching along with
just some radio
sounds that look like a tack song
or something like that
I don't know if you want to play that
for the audience or not
I'm going to pull up my lap
lets see
Let's get on my computer here. It's in the directory there.
This makes for a wonderful way. Anything else you want to say about the song?
Which, what was it called again?
Uh, name of the game. Name of the game.
Uh, anything else you want to say about it?
It's good.
Oh, and it's kind of like, uh, Star Wars.
cracking up
What's that number on you want
the money you want
Actually one more difference
is the T.R.A.N.C.E.
or what they call it
Uh, what was it?
It's Amber Buffenbyard by, uh, Amy Hamasaki.
I, yeah, nobody, nobody in the video asked me if you've ever heard of Amy Hamasaki.
Uh, whatever, I don't care.
You see, you think Amber should be at the, uh, uh, Amber Buffenbyard.
Amber Buffenbyard.
I'm so happy to have her.
But anyway, I can totally see this in the video.
You know, when there are fans that are here behind them, that's kind of...
Actually, you know, I've been always covering most of the, uh, cover songs, such as the Netflix movie, uh...
Uh, naturally, we'd love to be able to explore the options.
I have, like, almost every song with a listener.
Yeah, actually. Cool, cool.
What about you, Paul? What song?
This one's kind of popular, it's kind of funny, it's a popular one kind of dog, and it's really, really good old.
It's really weird, and it's when people find me up front.
It's called a butterfly.
It's a little band called Smile!
And I think it'll be so cool.
Five minutes ago called.
Is this on VDR? I just wasn't born, I guess, before that one.
No, I didn't.
If I came out, you know, only a couple of years ago, I knew like several years ago, that I was going to bed.
I don't care.
The age of 13.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Baby got fat.
Isn't that on the King of the Hill thing when they get the ER parity on TV now?
Yeah, but hey, if there's a one-hit wonder in this world, it's baby got fat.
Sure mix floss is pretty popular.
Hold on.
Wait.
Why is that a mix floss?
I, I, the only other sure mix floss song I remember is, uh,
Put It Up On It, Jump On It, or something like that.
Put It Up On It?
What?
Am I the only one listening to that?
I know you did, Rob.
Yeah, but I didn't listen to crap.
Squirt of that crap?
Yeah, I didn't say it.
All I did was say it.
I didn't listen to shit.
But that was in the 90s.
No, in the 80s?
I'm sorry.
In the 80s, it was all about porn.
I know, right?
Oh, well I should call that girl, it's like 1990, but anyway, who's counting?
Is anybody else? Oh, look out there!
Get, get there!
Hang on the other row.
Hey, you guys!
Baby?
Baby?
Oh, look at that ball in there.
Rocky?
Really?
We want to hear what you guys think is, uh, should be in the money that's not already in the money.
Yeah, who wants to go?
Why don't you go over there?
Alright, well I think it should be the new D.E.R. song or something like that.
And it should be Baby Box's Love and Ecstasy.
And why?
Because when they first started I thought it was the D.E.R. song
and I was like, oh it's not a D.E.R. song, okay bye.
Wonderful, thank you!
Hey, hey, alright, there you go, what's your choice?
I think it should be, uh, I don't know, I can't touch it.
I need to pump it up.
I need to pump it up.
He has all the crappy songs going to pump it up right now.
No.
I'm going to have to.
I'm going to have to.
I'm going to have to.
Freaky?
You're going to find freaky?
No.
Because I'm freaky.
It's kind of white.
You can't match it.
Yeah.
Super freaky.
Super freaky.
Yeah.
So that's disqualified.
They don't give a damn about the show.
He just wants to show up.
Yeah.
Go to the page.
Bring me a phone.
We're getting a suggestion from the chat room that, uh, in 2DX would be anything by that violinist trance shit.
And I think you would be referencing, uh, Vanessa May.
Who, uh, is, is in a rotation right now on her spaceship.
She has a song called Destiny off the Fantasia album.
And, uh, this would be a great time to do that for me.
Good, good.
Vanessa May has tons and tons of stuff.
And Jamie, Jamie's a big fan of the nuts and they should go off for a long, long time.
Actually, if my memory serves me correctly, I believe that, um, uh, that, uh, the monitor would actually just need a plant for that one.
Oh, that one!
I, I believe, I, I believe that.
So if you can't get them in the real money games, you gotta take the emulation.
Um, oh yes. I think I'm pushing the 100-some mark.
Oh, actually, you're probably about right. Yeah, 1000.
Well, I'm at 769 or something, are you talking about your own little collection you have on your computer that just basically you're trying to compile every set of fan made sets that are out there, and official ones, and stuff like that, maybe?
Okay, we also need to make more thin irons and rods in the sun.
Can I have this outside?
Yeah, sure.
Another one that's pretty cool.
Another one is called Duck Toy.
I don't know.
That's by Heiferberg.
It's like that rape song.
I don't know.
They're the era.
Big, cool, fat neck.
That needs to be seen here.
That's also my station on the station right now.
We decided we'd throw it in some, uh, they're kinda related to Bemani, but not really things.
So we have some remixes in there.
Cause people kinda get sick of the sound.
I'm working on it.
This is...
Did you come in a file?
Did you come in a file?
Yeah, I did a video.
Any other news in the community right now?
Innovation-wise?
Innovation-wise, uh, the melting pot's down because T-viral slides down.
Actually, this is a file now that, uh, dderaniac.net's pulling the, uh, nerf for, uh,
for a guest that's eventually seen to actually use a file converter and download the program again.
Um, it's probably all going to come up tomorrow since that's when the month is up,
and, you know, the bandwidth is probably gone.
Right, right. Cool.
Alright, um, what do you think, are you just sticking to the break?
Are any of the songs you ever want to add, or?
No, I think they're still good for now.
Oh, they're coming up.
But that's not a trap.
You know what would be a great time of the year?
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
You know what everybody would be saying if you started parrying to that song?
Are you playing?
Alright, we're going to take a quick break and we'll come right back with more madness here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Nooooooo!
Are you sure you want me to do this?
Nooooo!
Are you sure you want me to do this?
Nooooo!
Nooooo!
Extreme of Bonnie Radio.
That's us! Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Episode number two. Here we are.
And umm...
Matt wanted to get in on the fun.
Earlier we were doing the app.
He was a wee kind of trying to fill in for Jamie.
Absolutely she bought the anime so she was able to do it at the early age.
So we had one for her and Matt also wanted to give in and she had a little bit of a rant that he wanted to say.
Yeah, so my rant would be for those people that like to cut through a machine.
Namely, Perper and Ciara.
Perper, I always have people walking too close to me and I look bad to any of them and that kind of thing.
Really, I don't care because they're dumb enough to walk that close.
I really don't care about hitting them.
by hitting them, but then you get pissed off when they get hit, because they're watching too close.
And I actually touched this today, I said in the middle of a pair of pair of machines,
they'll suck my arm out, and then actually, it's inside the machine,
so these people are watching way too close to the machine.
And, um, I hate them. I don't feel bad.
Hehehe, I'm over here, that's a good way to sum it up.
Um, that pisses me off too when people do that on DVR, and little kids do this all the time.
You'll be up there dancing, doing your thing, and then suddenly you know how there's that little space between where the machine is and where the pad is?
A little kid decides that's the fastest way for them to go.
So they'll run right between you and the machine when you're trying to play.
Like when you're in the nose and on any course or something, they just run right through the machine.
What the hell is that?
It's a little kid.
I gotta say though, ever since...
Bad parenting.
Um, what girlfriend did a little while ago is they took these little wooden platforms and kind of stuck them in between the machine and the pads.
Which actually I think really helped that because now little kids if they want to do that have to take a step off.
And I think most little kids are too lazy to do that so they throw around now.
So I guess problem solved in some aspects.
But now Para Para seems like it needs some kind of mote built around it or something.
Seriously I couldn't hit most guy in the head.
He was like uh, uh, bad.
You were hitting a guy in the head?
Oh ok. He was standing there at 4 feet tall.
He was bending over and helping O2 with the super machine.
And you know he was like the mad guy sitting on the guy you know now.
Because he's just.
And he's just sitting there.
You wanna share on the show?
Haha.
I was playing it.
Oh yeah you were playing it.
I was playing Para Para Para.
About 2 or 3 people were at me.
I really don't care, you know, but actually there's this one guy who had been standing there and just like trying to piss me off, you know.
He's like, what are you doing? I'm like, you might want to move back, but you don't want to be hit.
So he just stands there and finally he walks away.
He walks by, and as he walks by, I just haven't been put my hand out, and this backhand had done pretty well.
It was pretty cool.
Any suggestions on how ball fighting can fix this problem?
Yeah.
Oh well, there's no...
There's no way to fix this problem.
Um, just, you know, people need to watch where they're walking. I don't watch in front, I mean, especially like mocaps, I mean, like watching a cell phone play mocap boxing.
I mean, you don't want to be in there if you don't watch in front of people.
Nah, that's the key issue.
Um, they can also really love all these practical solutions your dad's come up with.
Rearrange the game, and you can't really just get out of the kitchen, John.
I agree with, I agree with you. They should definitely rearrange the game since mocaps aren't working.
We're not supposed to put that there, instead, it's a pair of terrible mocaps.
That's a good idea. But the thing about, um, why they put hair here in the yarn stuff in the area that they do is because there's arches and they cannot fit through the arches.
I mean, I don't know why they don't get so close, I guess, right now.
Cause it was, it's...
That's too great, that. That's okay.
They're so very cute.
Oh, they are.
I don't know. This is what they're saying.
But that's why they keep them in that central area when you first walk.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'm, I don't know.
Nobody cuts through that.
Nobody cuts through sumo.
Okay, I can't cut through my sumo.
Heh heh heh.
Yeah, you know what?
I've made the differ. I think sumo is a very gay game.
I mean you get this big red ball that people are sitting in.
It's somewhat fashionable.
Fashionable? Fashionable.
Uh huh.
Where is Shimon? Anyway, he should be on the show.
Should I just unplug my camera? I hope not.
Sweetie, make sure you have some water.
Sweetie, look at this, it just looks so weird.
Oh!
Ok, let's do it.
14.
When I open it up.
10.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
Well, there was these cavemen, and they were like bouncing up and down behind me, saying that they were, you know,
but I was mad because I was moving, but I was asking the other world without thinking anything of their type of name,
and so I said, you live by an Alice!
I don't know.
But I didn't say anything. I just, well, I just stuck my finger out of it and happened to be the middle finger,
and he said, oh, you can't put me out.
But I didn't begin, and he said,
Hey, if you do it again, I'm going to just grab something.
So I didn't begin, and I said,
Fuck off, I'm going to get the security if you even try to do anything with me.
Yeah, he ran away. I ran.
Yeah, exactly.
But you know what?
Two hours later, when I'm leaving the park,
they're out there waiting for me.
I mean, I guess they were that into it
that they went way out of the park in like two hours
for me to come out.
They didn't do anything. But I guess you only get four or five guys together and it's like, oh, it's only one guy, so, you know, what is it? Strength in numbers or something like that?
Yeah.
Yeah, that really works, right?
Say hello to George, strength in numbers.
Yeah.
I have never been officially a joy addict growing up.
Well, actually I think the problem has kind of gotten better as far as people mocking me.
I remember I used to be playing on USA Mix and stuff back when we had forest, you know,
and just swapping out for that.
I wish all of them had kind of gotten better as far as people mocking me.
I remember I used to be playing on, um, USA Mix and stuff back when we had fourth, you know, and just swapping off of that.
And I actually had, you know, a little kid try to pick fights with me.
For no reason! I was just playing the game and they just come up and try to pick a fight with me.
You know, I just hit your ass. I'm like, that's, uh, where the hell did you come from?
And, um, first night, you know, Eric was there, and then I was like,
So, what the hell? What's your tune?
And he's like, so you and I are trapped here.
And he's like, dude, now where'd you find this guy?
He's just away.
And the other night, Canada was like, trapped here, basically.
Yeah, yeah.
But I have it right now.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, you only see six months we love.
Exactly.
But I mean, I haven't had any kids in such advice with me.
Especially little kids.
That happens all the time. I mean, seriously.
Remember that one kid?
Hey Brad, you were kind of cracking.
He said, remember that he ever cracked kids?
Everybody did, he did, he did.
Yeah, remember that one kid?
Remember that one kid?
Remember he was making fun of any of you?
Yes, because I remember every child that he had.
Yeah, and then he goes and plays on TV and we throw up behind him and we see the crowd.
What a little shit.
I mean, he is kind of me.
And then we all kind of go away because we found something more interesting to play for five minutes.
I mean, when I say we all, it means it was like five, six, seven of us.
And then this little kid, when we're not looking, gets on the machine and starts playing as if we're not gonna do it.
And everyone's like, we got up, we all got up there and started cheering him on going, yeah, go, da da da.
And then he failed the song and he ran to the bathroom and cried.
And then I'm like, you're so awesome, I want your kid.
And then that was it.
I think the worst thing that ever happened, or not really the worst, but actually probably the most recent, was playing a machine.
I had this guy, and they were just like standing there kind of mocking me,
and jump up, right in front of me with the camera, flash, and then jump off the machine.
And he did that twice. I had people like, I had this black guy, you know, standing there,
and he goes, whoa, whoa, what's going on?
Then him and his friend came up, and they were like pretending to freak me,
And she was like, what the hell are you guys doing?
I just thought you were a cool asshole.
Yeah, you know, I do.
Why didn't you jump on that shit, right?
You're like, oh, right there, sis.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Couldn't have found something.
I hope this is not my apartment.
No, you know, that's a reference to a movie.
I'm not racist.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah.
Aw.
You're racist.
You're racist then.
You gotta finish.
You gotta finish.
Uh, you know, that reminds me of, uh, an earlier incident
I had online with people.
The tenant took me away from me.
What did he do to that?
I sent her a name on my face.
I said, Jamie, that's your guy's office.
She's like, oh yes, that's my guy's office.
I told her, I sent her a name.
That one must be a quarter black.
I'm the new pal.
My friend's a gourmet.
I was just talking about it, but I didn't think it was gonna be that bad.
They were saying you were a quarter black,
or they were saying Jamie was a quarter black.
She's like, you're a gourmet.
Are you a quarter-block?
Oh, I'm a quarter-block.
Okay.
Okay, yeah.
Anyway, let's change topic now.
I got physically removed by somebody from the machine.
How do you get physically removed?
No, I came up onto the stage and grabbed me and threw me off the machine.
I was secretly assaulted on the machine.
Were you number eight on the computer machine?
I was like, yeah, you don't want to start eating with me because I'm white, that's Jimmy.
Yeah. I could shoot you with my legs if you do. Really.
That is brought with him to the show this week. A lovely VCD.
You explain what the hell this is like. I still haven't figured it out.
Yeah, I watched it and it's just one show and I still haven't figured it out.
Um, actually what this is, it's a VCD, a classic VCD.
We've got one that's called Para Para Dance and one that's Para Para Stadium.
Everyone knows what Para Para Stadium is.
It's just Para Para All Stars doing new routines for different Para songs so you can learn them.
But the first CD Para Para Dance is a bunch of different clips from this one variety show that's actually on TV.
It's starring Takura Kimura.
And, um, this guy, that's it.
Yeah, that's, I believe it's Paku Ya, Paku Ya Tamera.
Just kidding. Alright, that's, that's it.
Anyways, what this guy is, is he's a singer and actor from Japan who, in the 90s,
um, started doing pairs on TV and actually kind of made it popular again.
And so we've got a clip of him, because this guy, he plays a character called Bucky Tamera.
Now we have to remember that this is radio and the audience can't see what we're playing.
So here you can see a war blind, and it's on a giant monitor here, but we kind of have to do the best we can to make this radio friendly segment, so you might have to explain what's going on.
Okay, well basically, the scene starts off, it's kind of hanging by a couple windows, and you see what looks like kind of a dance class.
They have people doing pare pares and stuff like that.
So what I'm going to do is I'm starting out, they have a class that actually shows these people with, uh, almost looks like springs on their arms that actually, you know, kind of like those muscle springs to, uh, shrinking arms.
I don't like buns or steel, that sort of thing.
Yeah, that kind of thing.
Anyways, um, let's just start off with them, and do this, and I'll kind of, uh, narrate this as it's going along.
So here we go.
And, you have to spin it.
And we need the volume.
Okay, so it basically seems to get faster and faster, kind of seeing what's going on here, in a ridiculous fashion.
This is useful.
Yes, it's Japanese 2-piece ball.
And it springs your brain dramatically.
It can be as if you must do it.
And now enters Bucky.
This game song is a matter of fact.
And I'm showing a statue of him, a box of him.
And out he comes.
With iron power duster, with Mr. White everywhere it stops, and now he's going to do a password, turn the gear.
Which I like that I like it so I think it's awesome.
Now, who's this guy? I don't know what happened.
Here he goes. Oh yeah.
It's a type of party.
It's a type of party.
That's the one. He's my idol.
Yeah, how come he looks cool and neat after an hour and a half?
I'm the only person he knows how cool he is.
No, no, I think I figured it out.
Check it out. It is cool because it has fifty-five Asian women behind it.
That's fun.
Anyways, this is pretty much the normal part of the video.
Him doing the three pees.
He's just got a lot of style. He just is very cool.
Squash!
And now it's just really good to him.
It's doing him perfecting his technique.
His end pose as you might say.
Now he's doing it again.
It's a Kung Fu Hara Hara movie.
And there's like lasers.
And he's poking...he's poking past lasers.
He's got people cramming him down his arms and stuff.
He looks like Dax right there.
And now he's going to do the traditional Kung Fu thing with the tanto and the ritat.
And blue channeled.
And he's still dancing.
In the classroom I like to whip up a disco like that when we're out of nowhere.
And now as we're stopping, he's ripping off his shirt and under his shirt he's got a prank.
They're putting the metal things on him.
And they're taking his pranks off.
They're taking them off.
And now he summons for his assistant, some hot aging shit, and here he goes.
Oh, and his final move. And this dress comes off.
And everyone chews because it's so stupid.
All the Asian women cheer because they have to see a panty shot right there. Marilyn Monroe and all the Marilyn Monroe.
Alright. Let's do one more question. Any more of this crap?
Um, yeah, worst radio ever, guys. The worst radio.
Okay.
I don't know. We're being experimental, banner, so let's give our own answer and get our few devices up in the air.
Maybe we can put some, uh, still images on.
One that I later made.
Yeah, you can rip some of this, like, and then put this on the side.
Oh, definitely. You know, I mean, what is this?
And now we are going to have the screen inside of a club and there is some J-Pop singer who I have no idea who it is.
And the screen appears to be some sort of cover as it heats you up.
And he comes out doing his night of fire bit.
And there's the assistant raising all his face, kind of like Phantom of the Opera, or Phantom of the Para-para.
Phantom of the Para, guys.
And he loves their micro-friends right here for no apparent reason. I don't know why.
And then he walks away.
So then he's gonna...
He's gonna pose and the camera's pretty.
And he's doing another turn.
Okay. One more here.
I got a song right here, it is called Dancy Miro, it's a Japanese cover of U2Up.
Interesting, very interesting.
Ok, and if you want to comment on what horrible radio this makes, you can join our chatroom,
it's Channel Orange Lounge on IRC.APEX.ORG, which you can put right into your MIRC server.
Oh, this is a pretty recording. That was the old people, wasn't it?
This is pretty recording.
Old people are funny. Let's see what this is.
There he is.
This is great. You're going to love this one.
And there's old people playing trot.
And there's a guy in a coat that you can't see his face. See?
And that's a Smith's trademark whistle there.
typing sounds
He is fine, I'mall Sr oranges
I'll get out of here while I err
Buy some of that
It's spirit
cross
And all of the sudden the explorer becomes
He's468 in the yard
And he's filling all the fire
again
And he's saying people aren't dancing, and they're staring at him like a nut.
And the old guy recognizes him as Bucky.
And so he's going to put in a tape that the old people can dance to.
Oh, I see, because all people don't listen to E.V.E.'s tunes.
It's the...
...Might of Fire uppers version.
Oh, wow!
It's a child!
Wow!
Nothing is more funny than watching a bunch of old people carry a toy.
Now the people on the penis golf plan, this is what they're going to look like in 50 years.
This is the penis golf plan in 50 years.
And it's senior night on fire!
Alright everybody give a big hand for Matt and his crappy parody series.
I said hello!
We're getting a comment saying this is sad.
All right, that about sums it up. I hope that helps. We're going to go ahead and take one more quick break and then we're going to come back and wrap it all up here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't mind what you say, baby Don't mind what you say, baby
Open up, what are you doing?
Let's dig in!
Oh
I want it all
Let me hear you say
I want it all
Is that what you call that?
I want it all
Let me hear you say
I want it all
I want it all
You need to bring the beat back
Oh
We often wonder how some of those bimani songs are chosen.
Wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder!
We think we figured it out. Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, just about at the end of our second show.
I am your host, Rock Roberts. You might know me as Skye.
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers is not here this week because she's at Anime Expo.
So fill me in and see lovely Irene the Rice Princess.
And no wedding.
And of course we also have in studio many, many guests.
And I'd like to thank all you guys for coming this week.
As you did last week, we've got Matt, we've got Paul, we've got Brad, we've got Bradley
who doesn't say anything but he gives moral support.
And the other room we got going on and Dave is coming in the room right now.
Um, I guess I thought I'd ask you guys at the end of the show, but I really should ask you guys at the beginning of the show, how was your week?
And, any, anything exciting going this week? Or, anything you want to talk about openly on the radio?
I work out the parking area.
Parking? Freakin' Roseville and sun splash parking.
Their whole parking lot was full.
Parking across the street was full.
If you wanted to get through the sun splash, you would try to run a parking lot fast and narrow like I did.
Or you go park across the street at the hotel, which probably also was full.
Wow.
What was something going on there today?
Yeah, it's called the water sky.
There's a drawback with having a big, you know, nice park like us.
And since we have a water park, it's always busy.
You can't find parking spaces during the, you know, summertime.
And there's going to be tons of people in their swimsuits dripping water all over the pads.
They have tons of hot chicks in between these halls.
I don't go there to look at hot chicks. I go there to play DVR.
I can go online and look up Asian porn if I want to see how shit I don't need to go.
Shush! You do it too!
Not for you!
My old nail school was really involved by then.
I knew it was me, but Judy, I found a beauty in it.
What about it?
It was an apron!
Oh, you got a secret, man.
I need to do a TV show.
I know right? Nobody listens to the show. It's okay.
I know. I don't get arrested.
Look right there! You're all listeners. What do you know?
Um.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah the police are listening. What do you know?
I had time off work this week thank god.
Um and I basically spent my time
sitting at home playing old school video games
because I discovered that
my greatest use for the Dreamcast
is to burn old Nintendo games
and display them on the Dreamcast.
I don't think we did this ever again.
Not like that!
We're going on a sea-watch island.
Arrrrr!
I don't know why I'm here.
I don't know why.
I know why.
We...just...I'm already around here.
Sorry.
Shut up!
Whoever.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
My doggy caught a mix.
Yeah!
I know!
I know!
Yes!
And I discovered...I rediscovered my life as a guardian legend.
The old 8-bit Nintendo game which was half shooter, half legend of Zelda.
Oh yeah.
I love that game so much.
If they ever made a sequel to the guardian legend I think I'd quit the game.
I love that game so much. If you ever made a sequel to The Guardian Watch, you might think I've quit the game.
Yeah!
Are you too busy playing The Guardian Watch?
Excuse me, I came back. I've quit the game.
What old school video game would have to come back for you guys to quit the game?
For me?
Um...at it.
What good old school game?
I don't know necessarily what you quit the game at.
What are some good old school games that need to come back?
Um...
Oh, you know what's coming after, huh? Oh yeah, we're going to come.
Rhydar! We're making rhydar!
Are we? Yeah!
What?
Ninja Diamond!
Shinobi!
And of course, we got a common at some point.
Wario Kart.
Oh yeah.
Are these the things that Mario's coming into?
Oh, right on.
We're going to make a very sweet matter.
I don't know.
And that's always the game that gets me to buy the system.
So once they've made it, they've sold themselves another game too.
I'm not ready for this.
I just got 26th already and it finally comes out.
I'm not ready.
I'm going to the old school game.
What's the game two?
Come on.
I want me too.
That's my two.
That's my two.
Yeah.
We can finally shoot that fucking dog.
Yes, exactly.
The dog's revenge.
What the dog?
I want you to play.
What? There's a Goonies 3?
No, they're making a Goonies 2 movie.
It's actually going to be a good series.
There was a Goonies 2 video game.
The first one was released.
The Goonies 2 was a video game.
I mean, what about Goonies 3?
I mean, any of them.
Was there another Cyndi Lauper remix?
Like, how?
No.
And they did it, like, since we were here that night.
You know, I don't know.
All graphic, and then they did a challenge.
I can show you why she has a little like, circle trail following behind them, but it's really nice to spend time with them.
Baby? Baby, you've got Crossy Road! Crossy Road?
I know you all seem to be a really great drug policy agent.
Oh, for what?
That will never, ever happen.
Well, you know, they're actually, uh, I know they have written, uh, the Japan stuff, but they're actually making a lot of action.
Definitely, really.
If there's a Dragon Ball V game, every level, we just go over the last level for like, 3 paths.
There's like one little bit where you like jump on a square, and then it would just like, reach half a level off level, and then on the next episode of...
How about Quirks, the video game? Do they have that yet?
No, but that'd be awesome!
That would be awesome, but what would you do if you just...
You wouldn't do it!
You're customers!
It's like, it's a quiz!
It's a quiz! Are you supposed to be here today?
Yes, of course not.
I knew it that time! In the bathroom!
Uh, did you learn some form?
Um...no?
Is that sort of the game thing?
No...are you sure?
Yeah!
We're just hoping you guys will see us later.
Rooftop hockey is the ultimate sports game!
Quirks presents Rooftop Hockey on the Xbox!
The ultimate sports game!
That would be cool!
Go ahead and pass us, you...you suck!
Do you have any balls down there?
You're the biggest kid! Get over here!
I don't know. Who says we haven't done Mamamani for two hours? Come on.
You know, I'm a person. Give me an end.
That is a cool game.
That is a freaking awesome game.
Baby. Baby.
Baby makes a good sequel to Blaster Master.
That's what I, oh I'm just ignoring all those other copies of Blaster Master that they've done since.
The first one.
The first one is this. The first one is this.
And you know what?
Last time I saw, last time I saw you, I thought you were going to have some at that.
Your HPT is so good.
Yeah!
Okay, well.
Ooh, I have commando and leatherback.
Man, that'd be pretty cool.
I mean, they have one in Game Boy, but, yeah.
At least I don't know, just, you know, that'd be cool.
Or, some other, you know, game system.
Yeah, they do!
The guy has legs!
I thought I would also bring up before the show is over, I'm going to get to pay five more dollars a month to keep this station running
because of the carp, royalty, well they're not carp, but the royalty rates that were passed this week by, I don't know, some judge
and I'm horribly misinformed on what's going on, but basically, one story short of it, internet radio is now going to have to pay seven cents
for every thousand listeners that are listening to this song.
Now not that this station should have much of a problem because they don't have many listeners,
But, um, unfortunately our host, Y365, decided to do a blanket fee for everybody.
So everybody's going to have to pay five bucks.
Which, you know, is a cool way to do it.
Y365 is very good. It's even got the station going on and everything.
I can't really knock them because they do provide a really good service.
Because this thing would never be able to run on a chat chat.
But, um, if you do think this sucks, I would visit saveinternetradio.org
and have a read there on what's going on with internet radio.
Because if over the air radio stations aren't having to pay these kind of fees, why are we?
I guess is quite odd going on.
Save Internet Radio says.
So saveinternetradio.org.
Let my PPL go.
Well we could pay for a week of pay for last show and this show will come by...anyway.
While we figure that out, do listen in next week.
Uh, Jamie's got the week off again, but we'll have, uh, I mean, or somebody will be, yeah, two or one.
I'll be here.
Ah!
We're not supposed to disclose, you know, we'll have fun!
We don't want to ever do a video.
Is anybody else gonna be here next week?
I'll be here.
Bradley's going in, and I said, you know what, though?
We, we appreciate having you here, Bradley.
The listeners ain't even gonna notice, cause you never say anything.
Oh my god.
Like you said, it's moral support.
Moral support.
Glen will be here next week because he's going off to school, so he won't be here.
I will be here definitely. Alright, sounds good.
I will see you all next week then. Thank you for listening everybody. Have a good night.
Good night!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an orange lau-
