Is the Xbox 360 Core on its way out?
New details on Super Mario Galaxy, and is it really possible to now play NES games on
your iPhone?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be here with you all night long, as will my lovely co-host,
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
And how are you doing, Jamie?
Uh, full of burrito.
Mmm, yummy burrito.
Shrimpy burritos.
Just shrimp?
No red meat tonight?
No, I'm not going to be eating red meat anymore.
Are you going on one of those funky diet things?
Well, out of necessity, I can't.
Every so often, I get to where I can't actually eat it very safely.
Oh.
Because I was going to say, you can't have diet without dye.
I don't diet.
I have lifestyle adjustments.
I see.
That's a clever little work-around.
Alright, also joining us, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
So would a funky diet be like pizza and disco or something?
I mean, would that be a funky diet?
Would that be eating dirty food?
Why?
Is that what your life is like right now?
No.
Disco and pizza?
Yes, everything's all disco and pizza.
Whatever happened to discos?
You know, my mom still calls clubs discos.
The discotheque.
No.
I'm doing okay.
Alright.
Well, I had pizza.
You had pizza?
Yes.
Was it good pizza?
Yes.
So I'm halfway there on the diet.
Alright.
Yeah, fully commit on the funky diet.
Well, I say welcome back because obviously we were off two weeks ago and then last week
was kind of a weird show because we were at Studio Loki, which was a temporary setup.
We are kind of in the new studio now.
We're not out in the garage, which is where we want to be, where we're going to have the
retro gaming setup and the webcam and everything, just because we don't have the air conditioning
yet out there and it's too hot.
So we're in the little studio, but the good news is we're back on the normal computers
and the normal network setup and all that good stuff, so the sound of the show should
be pretty much what you guys are used to, at least I hope.
Save some minor echo and probably things you probably can't even really hear on your iPods.
So we're happy to be back.
And also we're happy to have you back, Jamie.
And I know a lot of folks were thinking about you last week, so I hope everything was okay.
It was interesting.
Alright.
Well, we'll leave it at that.
Let's talk about games instead and talk about your interesting experience at California
Extreme.
You just got back from yesterday.
Yes.
At two in the morning.
Oh my God.
What exactly is California Extreme?
It's a pinball and classic gaming convention of sorts.
They had an auction there, but as far as I know, it wasn't actually part of California
Extreme.
But I did play a whole crap ton of games and finally beat Space Harrier.
I saw your LJ post about beating Space Harrier.
I sure did.
It was fantastic.
I forgot that it just says the end.
So they just get a bunch of random games together and call it an expo?
Yeah, some of them are for sale.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's pretty cool.
Big Bang Bar, which was the first thing I went right to, I ran into, well, actually
I met up with Mel and Melody and the first thing that she and I did was go right up and
play Big Bang Bar, which was one of the last machines Capcom made.
But they only had about 16 prototypes and now there's production models of them.
Well, I should say reproduction models.
But the one that we played was a legitimate prototype and then it was just mostly wandering
around and she was playing Star Wars.
I got to play Ultra Pin, which was kind of interesting.
It's Ultra Cade's answer to pinball.
Oh, I think you talked about this on the show once.
Isn't it like they used an LCD but laid flat instead?
Yeah.
How does that work?
Is it good?
It was interesting.
The perspective kind of messed with my head a little bit.
I played Black Knight 2000 on it, which was pretty cool.
And then I was like, screw this, I went to play a real Black Knight 2000.
I was like, woohoo, Black Knight.
Now, did they bring any developers to this show or is there anybody like, you know, game
famous or whatever?
Or is it just...
I didn't go to any of the panels because I was like, dude, pinball.
So they do have live panels and some things.
They did not have a pinbot, Rob.
Or a jackpot.
Cry and Sadness.
Do they have Bride of...
Well, you have Bride of Pinbot in your house.
I have Bride.
No, they didn't have that.
You're so badass, by the way.
I played Vortex, which is one of the mid-80s.
Oh, I remember Vortex.
That's a cool one.
But I played one of the best tables ever.
It's called Airborne.
It's one of Capcom's.
It's all ramps.
It's all ramps.
It's just a bajillion ramps everywhere and it was fun and they had it on like a bajillion
buy-ins.
It was crazy.
So did you play anything besides Space Harrier and pinball?
Words.
Yes, I did.
I didn't play Journey.
They got Journey working.
They had Journey?
Yes.
Oh my god, I should have gone.
I was trying to go but I couldn't because I had other stuff going on.
What else did I play?
Oh, what I would give to play a Journey arcade machine.
I played Mappy.
Huh.
I played...
Well, Julie played a bunch of Crystal Castles.
Every time I ran into her, she's either playing Crystal Castles or Pac-Man.
They had a Tapper, Rob, that someone had messed with the sprites and it was all Simpsons characters.
Well, that's weird.
And Mo was the bartender.
That's pretty cool.
And they had, I played SVC Chaos because I had to get my fighting game on and I played
some X-Men vs. Street Fighter so I could use the most annoying team ever.
See, Dan and I, when we first got together, we played a whole crap ton of that game on
Saturn and I used to always have this one combo that would just piss him off and annoy
him so much that he would just quit.
And that was Cammy and Gambit.
Note to everybody, if ever you play against my husband, Cammy and Gambit, he will get
mad.
So, anyway.
I played a few other things, though.
I played some Dig Dug.
I had Dig Dug.
That was cool.
They had a sit-down Star Wars.
They had an Empire Strikes Back arcade machine, which was really cool.
They had Discs of Tron.
Rad.
They had Tron.
Not a lot of new stuff, though.
It's all retro stuff.
Oh, yeah.
It's all retro.
I remember there was one year...
Oh!
They had Panic Park.
What the hell is that?
I've never heard of that.
Panic Park is this great game.
I think they have one at Milpitas Golf Land where there's a big one and then there's a
small one.
They had an actual Japanese one there, but they had the bad Engrish-y one.
It's a game where you have these... one person's on one side and the other person's on another.
You have to play with another person and you have a big stick and it slides around.
You are competing with somebody in mini-games and it's best however many out of however
many and you push them aside or they push you aside using this big stick when you're
like grabbing hula hoops as they come from the ground or grabbing coins or jumping from
thing to thing or avoiding hammers falling on you.
I have never heard of this.
It's fantastic.
And I've actually played with Dan's buddy, Will, and Will is really strong, okay?
So I had a hard time.
We ended up... he won two matches, I won two matches, and we had a draw of three matches
so we actually had a perfect draw game.
I gotta read some comments from chat because your comments on old gaming is sparking a
lot of discussion in chat and of course since I haven't introduced them yet, say hello to
our chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com and let's see, we have GS68 says, I was at
Milpitas Golf Land on Thursday, I don't remember seeing a game like that so maybe it wasn't
there.
Maybe it was at Sunnyvale or something.
Kevin DDR says, Oh my God, Panic Park, hell yeah.
So somebody knows what you're talking about there.
Sakura Max says, He's confused, he's the youngest guy so he doesn't know about these old ass
games.
Well, it's time to learn.
It's time to step up and learn.
Dude, just, okay, whenever you go to an arcade, all you have to do is just look around and
look for the older stuff.
Oh, they had...
Look for the games that still only cost one token.
They had cocktail machines.
Tons of cocktail tables.
And they were playing music videos and they freaking played Warrant.
It was great.
You know, the other thing I was going to say is that Xbox Live Arcade is slowly getting
a lot of these classic games on it.
I mean, you know that Tron and Distro-Tron are coming out for it.
Dig Dug, which you mentioned, is already on Xbox Live Arcade.
There are a lot of classics that are on there.
Sakura Max asks if GameTap would help them or not.
Probably.
Probably.
I mean, they certainly have a collection of old stuff on there, although I've been called
a GameTap whore too much on this program so I don't want to sound like an advertisement.
They also, though, had some of the little bar top machines.
Oh, cool.
Like the little, like, what do they call it?
Mega Touch and that stuff?
Yeah, but they were actually the ones with the controllers and everything on them.
And they had an actual Pong and they had the small child-sized machines, the SNK machines.
Cool.
The Neo Geo one, sorry, with, like, you know, Puzzle Bobble.
So it sounds like you had a lot of fun and it sounds like I really missed out getting
to see Journey Machine.
I did get to find, though, some of my favorite old tables were there, though, like Centaur.
They had a Hyperball, which I refused to ever play again.
Stupid fucking Hyperball.
And they had, um, I'm sorry, I'm trying to watch my language.
That's all right.
Watch it fly out of your mouth and offend people.
Bye.
There you go, language, have fun.
So did you play any, like, new games this week or was it all pretty much retro gaming
goodness?
Um, I played the Ultra Pin.
All right.
That's technically new.
I played DDR, I played Max 2.
That is kind of old school as well.
I played Cowgirl in flip flops.
All right.
It was fun, it was actually kind of funny, I was like, dude, I am going to fall over
and I didn't.
It was great.
All right, well, next year the dude with the Journey Machine needs to come back to California
Extreme so I can play it, or I'll be sad.
But my World Cup soccer is almost, um, fixed up nice.
Oh!
This is what pisses me off, it's not really an F-you, it's just a, huh?
The one Theater of Magic they had, and the entire place was at the tournament area.
Unless you pay to do the stupid tournament and you can't play the Theater of Magic, I'm
like, uh-huh!
Theater of Magic!
Theater of Magic's a pretty bad-ass revelation.
I did play the Devil's Madness, though.
I knocked down the castle, it was great.
All right, we've got to move on, but it sounds like you've got a lot of good gaming in, even
if most of it was pinball, not console games.
Pinball!
Pinball's pretty rad.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, it was okay.
Before I get into my gaming week, though, I wanted to talk about, there was this game
that I saw that was coming out later.
Now, you know, I dogged Neo Geo, or not Neo Geo, SNK for Never coming up with new games.
This actually sounds pretty cool, and I think we talked about it a little bit before, Neo
Geo Battle Colosseum.
It's a fighting game that features, like, an ensemble cast of all the past Neo Geo games,
including King of Fighters, Fatal Fury, Mark of the Wolves, Samurai Shodown, Art of Fighting,
Last Blade, King of the Monsters, World Heroes, Athena, Aggressors of Dark Combat, Kizuna,
Tag Battle, and Metal Slug.
Dude, you said Last Blade, and that makes me happy.
Wait, so you could have, like, my fighting one of the monsters from King of Monsters?
And if I remember correctly, this isn't being published every year by SNK, but it is coming
out in October, and I think it's cheap, and it's on PlayStation 2, so that seemed pretty
cool.
Anyways, I just thought that was neat.
Now, actually, the games that I played this week, I played the demo for Stranglehold,
which was actually pretty fun.
It was a lot better than I thought it was going to be, with a lot of running around,
flying through the air, shooting things in slow-mo, so that's pretty cool.
And then I also tried the Fatal Inertia demo, which, you know, I've been really hyped up
about the game ever since they first announced it, because they reminded me of, like, you
know, kind of like F-Zero GX or something like that, you know, a combat racing game.
That was not the case with this.
This is crap.
And I, thank God I played the demo, because I'm not buying the game now.
It's just, it's hard to control, and it didn't seem that fast, and, I don't know, I just
didn't like the level layout, it wasn't pretty enough for me, so, oh well.
And then, let's see, I also played 300 on the PSP, because I had just watched the Blu-ray
for it, so, that game sucks also.
But what do you expect?
Why?
It's just a hack and slash game.
It's like a movie tie-in game.
Well, that's not what the movie was?
I don't know, I didn't see the movie, so.
Yeah, well the movie was a lot better than that, so.
I'm the one guy that didn't see 300.
And then, I've been playing, actually, strangely enough, well, Overlord have been playing,
and that game's still really fun.
I've also been playing, this is going to be really weird, Cellars of Catan, actually.
And because I got hooked on this yesterday, actually, I was playing the actual board game
with my sister and her boyfriend, and it's really fun.
So I bought the Xbox Live Arcade game, and it's pretty much the same thing, except the
AI's completely cheap, but other than that, the only thing I really wish it had was local
multiplayer instead of just over live.
That would be pretty cool, but, you know, they didn't, so.
But this game has passed the wife test, right?
Oh yeah, the wife is probably playing it right now, actually.
That's amazing.
Yeah, she was playing it all afternoon, so.
Does she have her own gamertag?
So like, you could use my Xbox 360 over here and then play your wife.
No, she's still playing, she's playing under my gamertag right now, so.
Yeah, I think that's pretty much all I've been playing, you know, Grand Theft Auto by
City Stories, of course, and still very disappointed about Grand Theft Auto IV not coming out until
next year.
Grand Theft Auto IV still played the PSP version for a long time.
Cry me a river.
Cry me a river.
Alright, somebody in chat earlier, and I apologize, I forgot who said it, somebody had said, what's
more funny than watching Grand Theft Auto IV get delayed is watching everything else
back out of its way now that it's been delayed, everything else is getting delayed because
of that.
There's other games that have all kind of moved out of, like the ripple effect that
Grand Theft Auto is having.
Kind of interesting.
Looking at the chat room and talking about some quotes there.
What is it that Rob D. said that was really funny?
Oh, about the Battle Coliseum game and how I said Mai could fight one of the King of
the Monsters.
Sky just wants to see Mai versus a tentacle monster, let's face it, that quote coming
from the Rob D. Let's see, apparently the Rob D. didn't see 300 either, so I guess I'm
not the only one ever.
Let's see, what else is there?
Ross Deal UT impersonates Loki, duh, I'm going to play this movie game, maybe it'll suck
less than all the others.
I suppose saying that all movie games usually suck.
One thing that's usually a pretty common thing.
For the most part they do, I mean there's some movie games that are okay.
I remember like some of the NES Batman games weren't that bad.
Oh yeah, that's true.
And I actually liked the Friday the 13th game.
It always ends up on these worst NES games of all times list, but that game actually
scared me when I was a kid, because it was kind of a scary game, I don't know, anyway.
But yeah, movie games usually not so much fun.
Let's see, games I've been playing this week.
Not a lot of new stuff unfortunately, I've been on World of Warcraft, I'm really grinding
like hell in World of Warcraft to try and get my character to level 70, so I'll be all
ready by the time the next expansion comes out, and also the fact is that I know all
these console games are coming out very soon, like especially when we get into the end of
August, Blue Dragon, Eternal Sonata, Halo, and then Metro Prime 3 and all these games
I'm going to want to be playing are all coming out soon, so I want to get as much grinding
in as I can before I get distracted by the console games.
So most of my week has been spent on the PC playing WoW, otherwise though I have been
playing some other console games, I was playing Kingdom Hearts 2 more, and I finally surpassed
my first save game, so I guess that's kind of cool.
Otherwise I checked out, because I was without internet for a little while, because if you
listen to last week's show, Comcast finally didn't come out here until Tuesday, and by
the way, let me say, Comcast said they were going to come in here in a window between
12 and 4, you know what time they finally got here?
7.30, 8 o'clock, it's horrible.
Then I would, don't you get some money or something off your bill?
We got a $20 credit.
Whoopee!
Whoopee-doo!
Whoopee-doo!
Then they installed all this shit we didn't ask for, like all the HBO and Showtime shit,
and channels, we didn't want that shit.
I mean it was cool for one night, because I got to watch Big Brother After Dark, which
is kind of cheesy fun, but yeah, we had to get rid of that, like they just totally screwed
up the order.
I'm actually surprised they remembered to put the HD in there, it's bad.
So yeah, otherwise my gaming week has been pretty light in that regard, just mostly World
of Warcraft, but I will be kicking back into high gear when we get into the end of the
month.
Oh, the Xbox Live Arcade games, I did catch up on all those ones I missed while I was
out.
I didn't care for any of them.
Like I just, I played like four, I didn't like the Spyglass board games, I didn't like
Super, well Super Contra was okay, I mean, you know, and Track and Field is okay, surprisingly,
I actually think I played Track and Field more than any of the other ones.
I was thinking about buying Track and Field, it just looks stupid, like it's just back
and forth with the analog sick, isn't it?
Well that, or you can use the buttons, because the actual arcade machine used buttons, like
giant pop and music.
Or you know what I suggest doing, since I think, aren't the controls completely configurable
and stuff like that?
DDR pads, man, get out the DDR pads and bust it out like Track and Field, yeah.
Maybe.
I don't know, it's not the most thrilling game ever, but for some reason I like those
old retro games, so it's fun to me.
But I don't know if I'd actually recommend it to a lot of people, because it's certainly
not one of the better Konami arcade ports that's on Marketplace.
Anyway, let's move on and get into some housekeeping so we can get to tonight's news.
First off in the housekeeping tonight, podcast award voting is closed, so you can no longer
vote for us, but we appreciate anybody that voted for us, we won't know the results till
later and, I don't know, we probably won't win, and it's okay if we don't, you know,
whatever.
It was nice to be nominated.
Exactly.
Because especially after last year when we weren't nominated, we were like, did we do
something wrong?
But it was cool, so.
Why don't they call us in the morning?
Why don't you call me anymore?
But yeah, they nominated like ten shows this year, which is great, but that's a lot of
competition, so I wouldn't expect that we win, but if we do, awesome.
But moving on, we are featured on Joystiq's podcast rodeo this week, which was kind of
hilarious because, you know, we've been doing this show for, you know, years and years,
and they highlighted us this week as kind of like, they were mentioning all the podcasts
they had that week, and they had themselves, because Joystiq does their own podcast, but
they're a little bit irregular, but I guess they did two weeks in a row, so they were
nominating themselves for having done two weeks in a row, like saying hooray for us,
and then they followed up with us and saying, well, now we have these guys who've been doing
it for years and years.
So that was just kind of funny.
So we appreciate the plug, but it's hilarious that it happened the week that our show was
like totally broken, and like Jamie wasn't even here, and then we had all the sound issues
we had last week.
It was just nuts.
And what the listeners couldn't see last week is I was also trying to read stories while
keeping the spaghetti away from my cat, because I had a plate of spaghetti, and she kept trying
to attack the plate.
The sound was so horrible last week, and then for some reason, there was like little packet
losses throughout the file, so like suddenly you'd be, and then the words would drop out.
It was bad.
Because my computer sucks.
Luckily, it didn't just reset on us all of a sudden, because it's been doing that lately.
I have to replace the motherboard, something's going out on it, so.
It was better than nothing at all, though, right?
It's an old PC, it needs to be upgraded anyway, so, no, we'll not get an iMac.
We went to the Apple store yesterday, oh my God, I felt, I almost felt like I was going
to burst into flames, you know.
You know, we almost had a webcam tonight, but I just didn't get it set up in time.
But you, speaking of Apple, my little Apple webcam and the laptop, so I can have it wherever,
but we're going to wait until we move out to the garage to do that, so it'll be fun.
You know who else likes that seller is a catan?
What's that?
She'll sit there in front of the TV and watch the dice move and the cards move and stuff.
Just completely fascinated by it.
It's awesome.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news for tonight, so we can make fun of what's going
on in the gaming industry right now.
We're not going to make fun, we're going to talk about it in intelligent discussion.
Sure.
Okay, so there's a rumor going around that Target, among other stores, are going to be
discontinuing the Xbox 360 core model.
Now, as I mentioned in the last week, I kind of theorized that this might be happening,
although I don't think it's any time soon that it's going to happen.
But the theory behind it is, other than the fact that it is showing discontinuity in their
system, is that they're replacing all of the current premium systems out there with the
ones with HDMI, but they're not doing that with the core system.
So people are thinking, okay, well they're going to just sell out the core system and
then discontinue it.
I don't know.
Did Microsoft maybe do something to Target?
Because I noticed Target, also, aren't they phasing out HD DVDs?
Like I seem to remember that was a previous report.
I think it was Target that was doing that.
Well, they're phasing them out of their store, but if you've ever gone into Target looking
for HD product anyways, their shelving that they have is literally maybe 12 movies that
they have there.
Blu-ray and HD DVD combined.
Yeah, I wouldn't exactly consider Target my number one stop for HD DVD purchasing.
It's only in store.
I think they have them still on the website.
It's a little disheartening, though, to see HD DVDs be phased out when I spent as much
money as I did on the HD player for the 360.
It's all numbers.
If their Blu-ray product is selling and their HD is not, then it's better for them to stock
more Blu-ray product than HD.
Of course, then again, my purchase will be completely justified once Heroes season one
comes out on HD DVD, so I don't mind.
Because that's when I finally bought the HD DVD player when I heard Heroes was coming
out on HD DVD.
I was like, oh, gotta have it.
So, we'll see.
And then, hopefully, with season two or something, they'll do it where you can download the episodes
right after they air.
That would be awesome.
Well, Target isn't the only place that's phasing out the Xbox 360 core model according to some
rumors out there right now.
And the other store that is phasing them out, Best Buy.
Best Buy, as apparently a little screenshot has come out of their system, has shown that
the status of the Xbox 360 core hardware in their system was deleted on July 29, 2007.
So Microsoft denies that there's any type of core production being stocked.
Microsoft says nothing has really changed since the way things were a couple weeks ago,
but it's very interesting that now two stores in a row have kind of come out saying they're
not going to do these cores anymore.
Well, if you remember with the 28 system, and this also could be a numbers thing, before
with the 28 system, stores were just not carrying them because people weren't buying them.
So now, maybe people aren't really buying the core model anymore and they want to save
inventory space or make room on the shelves for more premium systems, more elites and
stuff like that.
And then eventually, if this catches on widespread, then they'll eventually get rid of the core
model altogether.
Or it actually is something coming from Microsoft saying, hey, we're getting rid of the core
model.
I don't think that's actually been announced yet, so if that is going to happen, it probably
won't happen until after Christmas.
Wow, lots and lots of comments from chat on this one.
DJ Dark Knight says Sears has never had the core models.
Of course, I don't know a lot of people that do their gaming purchases at Sears, but I
suppose somebody must because they're in the gaming business.
My thought was always that they should, now that they're dropping the price of the system
or something, just include the 64 meg memory unit with it.
Then the people can say, okay, well I can buy this system and have something to save
on.
Raven's Dolphin says, when Walmart says no more cores 360s, then it's done.
Ross Steel UT says, of course Microsoft would deny.
They probably also denied that the core only counts for maybe 20% of their sales.
Bandit says they should keep the core for people who want to upgrade their memory later
on.
It'll be more accessible to everyone.
I don't think they were going to announce the HDMI thing either until it leaked out,
so I don't know.
If you want to join our chat room and give your comments, if you're listening live here
on this Sunday night when we tape live, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
By the way, some other chatters following up on the whole Target, HD DVD thing, GS191
says this, Target is not getting rid of HD DVD.
The Blu-ray camp just inked a deal for their product to be displayed more through the end
of the year.
I think Harold follows that up with a web link that says that's true, so very interesting.
Honestly, myself, being that I've got a Blu-ray player, then...
You don't have an HD DVD player, right?
Nope.
That's one of the things you don't have in your house, amazingly enough.
One of them.
Amongst all the other crap you have.
You don't have an HD DVD player, though.
No, I actually know more people who have Blu-ray players myself.
Well, because they're built into the PlayStation 3s.
You don't own PlayStation 3s.
Really?
This new Vio actually comes built in with Blu-ray for the players.
See, Sony just used...
I mean, if HD DVD loses, then it loses.
Fine, I went with the wrong format, but...
I'm surprised.
Sony is really pushing with all their...
Because, you know, Sony is not just a gaming company.
They are an electronics company and a major one at that, so they've been able to sneak
Blu-ray into all these other little places, and it's worked for them, where, for whatever
reason, beta didn't.
Well, there is still some hope, though, for people who...
Well, I guess it's not specifically HD-related, but they are dropping the price of the Xbox
360.
It actually said that it was scheduled to happen on August 8th, so the price reduction
should already be in place.
So we are seeing the Elite model go to $449, the Pro model to $349, and the Core at $279.
So of course, the premium had the biggest drop, given that that's the best seller.
And that price drop was totally a surprise to me.
And everybody out there on the internet.
Yes, the entire internet was shocked and awed at that price drop.
I'm actually curious, though...
Well, I guess I don't think we have any stories on this tonight, so I can say that...
I think I want to say I read somewhere that Amazon, the sales of the Xbox 360 went through
the roof after the price drop.
So I'm just kind of curious if the same thing happened at the retail outlets or what happened.
Are you surprised they made the move at this time?
Because I'm actually kind of a little surprised they didn't wait until a little closer to
Christmas.
Like, I would have expected the price drop a little more October-ish.
But maybe then again with Halo 3 coming out when it is, maybe they wanted to do it in
advance of Halo 3, which would certainly make sense.
So who knows?
I was just going to mention, there was another story I remember reading, I guess, that the
NPD group did a survey with people asking them whether they're aware of different features
of their console.
And I guess almost 60% of people didn't realize that the Playstation 3 had a Blu-ray player
in it, or had never used it for Blu-ray movies, which I thought that was a little bit funny.
Anywho, what I want to know is what are they using it for then?
Motorstorm?
Is that the basketball game that's on it?
Is that it?
It must be all that wonderful download content that's online.
Oh wait, no.
That's right.
Anyways, other countries are also getting a 360 price drop.
In fact, Canadians are seeing a pretty big price drop.
They will see a $100, of course that's in Canadian money, drop on the premium and core
systems.
So that's pretty awesome.
And yeah, so after that price drop, the premium will be running, I guess, approximately $378
US.
Still, of course, with the exchange rates, they pay more.
But for them, hey, $100 is cheaper.
That's pretty awesome.
I was going to say, usually with the exchange rates, the Canadians are paying a little bit
more for their gaming than we are, but it's certainly not the jump that you see from going
overseas to here.
So yeah, kind of interesting.
Well one thing that you can use your brand new Xbox 360 for if you decided to buy one
with the price cut is the firmware update that went out this week.
Unfortunately the firmware update wasn't really that exciting, it was just a small little
update.
And according to Major Nelson's blog, really the only thing that it was doing is preparing
the Xbox 360 to use wireless guitar controllers for you Guitar Hero 3 players, and if any
eventually come out for Rock Band and all that good stuff.
So there really isn't a whole lot else to that firmware update.
You know, it's kind of a bummer too because when you turn on your Xbox 360 and you see
ooh, a new firmware update is available, you kind of start to get a little bit excited
like ooh, I wonder what new features they've added this week, or what they're adding, or
is this the big seasonal update because they do a big one in fall and I think spring, of
course it's summer, so that wouldn't make sense for my brain to go there.
But you can still help but get a little bit excited when the thing comes up and says there's
a firmware update, like ooh, what cool new feature are they going to add, and then turns
out to be nothing.
Oh well.
That's poo.
Oh well, I mean.
That's big stinky poop.
It was unexpected so it's, you know, can't really beg for a lot with that.
For anybody who is actually excited about anything having to do with Halo, well Halo
3 I should say, or likes having green Xbox 360s, the Halo themed Xbox 360 will be out
in September, priced for $399 with a wireless headset for $59.99.
I don't really see anything all that special about it, it says it's spartan green and gold,
really it looks to me like it's baby poop green with orange, at least that's what it
looks like, so.
As far as your HDMI cables, that comes separately.
That's exactly how they should market it too.
It's the new baby poop green.
You have an HDMI port.
Well they all have the HDMI port now.
But no cable.
Really the only thing that you get for the extra $50 is you get a plain charge kit that's
also the, I guess, baby poop green, and you get, you know, the wonderful baby poop green
paint job.
It does look like baby poop, it's that type of green.
If you do want HDMI cables, those will cost you about $50 and they're going to be sold
separately actually now that all the 360s with the premiums with the HDMI are coming
out.
So yay, you get the, and there's no even, there's no Halo 3 with it even, which is kind
of come on, I mean, why didn't they do that?
Because you know there's people that are going to go out and buy their Xbox 360 the day that
Halo 3 comes out.
They're going to finally make that upgrade because they've been playing Halo 2 this whole
time.
Oh my god, there are also two custom Halo 3 controllers there, one for the Covenant,
one for Spartans that are done by Todd McFarlane with collectible figurines, those are also
coming out, as well as skins, I'm sure, by Mad Catz and other companies, as well as useless
shit like an ammo case that holds controllers and crap from other companies.
People, I mean, really if you want Halo 3 and you're that big of a Halo nut, then you're
going to be a sucker and buy all this shit, and if not, you're not really that big of
a fan.
Son of Dad in our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com calls the new color, Split P in Halo chunky
style Xbox 360, delicious, mmm, yummy.
Well anyways, speaking of Halo 3, apparently there are a lot of fans out there, who knew,
and Halo 3 has become the fastest selling pre-ordered game in history.
Apparently one million pre-orders have been taken in North America, a new record apparently
for those keeping track.
And also, you know, this all kind of ties in with their marketing campaign, including
7-Eleven, Burger King, Comcast, Mountain Dew, and Pontiac.
Honestly, Pontiac, how the fuck does that relate to Halo?
I can understand the 7-Eleven, because you know, you have that Halo Mountain Dew crap
and stuff that you can sell that, alright, and then maybe Burger King, because it's on
their cups and shit, maybe there's some kid's toys or something, but Pontiac, come on, there's
nothing to, seriously.
Were you going to hop on the bandwagon?
Are you really that hard up in selling your cars?
Maybe they're going to make tags.
I think that's pretty funny.
Maybe Pontiac's getting into the war car building business.
But really, would you want a war car made by Pontiac?
I mean, that's just like, that's just like, you know, this is my Volkswagen killing machine.
I mean, it's just, it's crap.
No, no, no, because remember Volkswagen wouldn't lend their likenesses for that kind of thing.
You know, I'd buy the Volkswagen one before I'd buy a Ford one, that's for sure, found
on road debt.
And I fix off and repair daily.
I hope they release like a Covenant car and a Spartan car, then they can have the fucking
Halo fans.
I'm going to fucking kill you in my Spartan car, yeah that's right, it's better than your
Covenant car.
Actually, I'm driving a Pontiac, you're both losers.
I'd buy a Pontiac if they put guns in the front of it, so I can shoot people who get
in my way.
I mean, come on.
Alright, maybe not.
But I wanted to say about this, how is Halo 3 tied into the Comcast thing, because they're
going to have a little... we didn't get a baby shit green cable box.
Here's why, they're going to have videos on their Comcast on demand service, the service
that I never use, ever, they're going to have that on there.
Hooray!
Are they even going to bother and do it in HD?
I guess this justifies them raising the rates on their cable, you know, oh thank you, I
get Halo exclusive content, and you're raising my rates and they're $5, thank you Comcast!
Oh, I could have just imagined my roommate's reaction if, you know, because it was bad
enough when they only offered him the $20 discount for wasting his whole day, and then
like fucking up his total order, I could just imagine if the thing had been, you know, oh
well, we're really sorry about the inconvenience, here's some free Halo 3 trailers!
Yay!
Ah!
Joy plus Rapture equals no.
Wow.
Interesting.
Yeah, I'm not surprised about the whole pre-order record-breaking thing, because like what you
said, the whole 7-Eleven tie-ins, like we talked about last week, how you can pre-order
Halo 3 at 7-Eleven now, it's crazy.
And then just the fact that, you know, many, many stores whore their pre-orderings now,
they've all taken a page from GameStop, and of course GameStop's still king of their game
every time somebody comes in, did you want to reserve Halo 3?
Did you want to reserve Halo 3?
Oh, I see you're buying Bratz for the DS, did you want to reserve Halo 3?
It's like, hey, you want to buy Madden from us?
We'll give you a free mini-poster.
No!
I don't like Madden.
How about Halo 3?
Now fuck off!
I'm sorry, I've been hearing about nothing but Madden lately.
You just bought Halo 3, do you want to pre-order Halo 3?
Every time I call Dan's store, it's like, blah blah blah blah blah reserve Madden, no!
I can imagine walking into GameStop, yes, I'm here to reserve Halo 3.
Oh, great!
Would you like to reserve Halo 4 while you're at it?
I mean, if anyone, if they should have partnered up with a car dealership, or a car company,
it should have been like the fucking Hummer, because at least that's the size of the Warthog,
okay?
Humvee.
Humvee, whatever.
The other thing I'm kind of curious about with all this is, oh, I know what I wanted
to say earlier that I couldn't think of.
I think one of the worst trends in retail across the board that I've seen now is fake
boxes to try to get you to pre-order the game.
You'll be walking down Best Buy and go, oh, I didn't know this game was out, and you reach
for it and you grab it, and then it's like, oh, a little sticker, pre-order, I know, and
it's a horrible, horrible trick that I always fall for.
Last summer, they had Madden 08 already in GameStop, I kid you not, they made up their
own box art so you can pre-order Madden 08, and this was literally weeks after Madden
07 came out, I mean, come on, seriously.
Tiger Claw says, Sky, I went to GameStop on Saturday and one of the employees, for some
bizarre reason, was wearing a cardboard box over his head.
Did it say pre-order Halo 3 on the top, maybe?
I don't know.
And the other thing, do we really need press releases that go out when your game's put
out?
It's the fastest selling game ever until the next game comes out and then it'll sell more.
I didn't even realize that there was a specific date when they started taking Halo 3 pre-orders,
I thought we'd been booking Halo 3 since, you know, everyone knew Halo 3 was in existence.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on off the Halo 3 talk, because there's plenty of other things
on the Xbox 360 people are looking forward to, including the next round of Xbox Live
Arcade games, and there's a lot of games slated to be coming out over the next couple months,
including the much anticipated Hexic 2, also Echo the Dolphin, WarWorld, Geon Emotions,
Puzzle Quest, Space Giraffe, Streets of Rage 2, and of course Super Puzzle Fighter 2 Turbo
HD Remix.
But I'm actually very much looking forward to that game.
Apparently they've done some balancing, they've changed a little bit the drops, like you know
how, for instance, Chun Li's drop pattern kind of sucked, like you know, because it
basically created power gems if you dropped a bunch on your opponent?
That's why you always use Donovan.
Well now, well they've changed some things so that like Chun Li now drops 120% more blocks,
even though it's in the pattern, and they've scaled some other people back to 80% of their
blocks, so to try and even out the way people play, so.
Yay, more power gems!
Could be interesting, I know.
That's kind of what I thought when I read that, I'm like, so they want you to make more
power gems?
Okay, okay, Janami, you don't use Dan unless you think that you're like God's gift to Puzzle
Fighter.
Or if you want to have a really hilarious Dan vs. Dan match.
Because he does nothing but drop red blocks.
Exactly, that's awesome.
Oh, the chat room is daring to correct me, Hitstun says, there's an X dash mode with
the new drop patterns, but there's also the original X mode.
My bad.
I'm still looking forward to the release, no matter what.
It'll be fun.
You know, I bet I could take you on Puzzle Fighter, Rob.
Well, we shall see in a couple weeks when the game comes out, won't we?
Yes, we will.
Well, speaking of other things that are coming out, though, well, rumored to come out, EGM
reported Penny Arcade is going to be having a game that will be on Xbox Live Arcade.
Possibly.
Possibly.
Um, we have a label of Penny Arcade Adventures Episode 1 on the Rainslick Precipice of Darkness
to be out in the fall.
This one surprised me at all, because there's already Penny Arcade content on Xbox Live
and has been for a long, long time, because you can get, like, themes and little, uh,
clip arts, or the little game rickshirts and stuff.
I hope it's amazing.
I don't, if it's anything less than amazing, I'll be like, well, crap!
I'll probably download it anyway.
But it wouldn't surprise me at all if there ended up being a Penny Arcade game on the
marketplace, because Microsoft's kind of liked that lately, is that they're really trying
to get into those, you know, fan communities and the thing that the internet's all abuzz
about.
Microsoft wants a part of that, so.
Well, there's nothing actually confirmed yet, so.
All they'd have to do is throw money at them.
Money is what moves the world.
Exactly.
Awesome.
Well, anyways, um, we've got some good releases this week, and of course, unless you've been
hiding under a rock, um, and even then, you might still know about this, Madden is coming
out for everything, including the Coleco, Atari, okay, maybe I made that last part up.
Cool!
I want to get Madden on the Atari.
I want it on the Turbo Duo!
That's amazing.
Have you seen the Simpsons game trailer?
It actually has that.
It says, coming out for all game systems, and it shows the Coleco, Atari, you know,
like, Intellivision, Jaguar, that's awesome.
Dude, they should put it out on those systems, that would be rad.
So, no, that, it is coming out on most everything, I think, except for the Game Boy Advance.
And then, also, if you're not into Madden, on PlayStation 2, Shin Megami Tensei Persona
3 is coming out on PlayStation 2, and by the way, I brought my copy for you so you can
try it out.
Hooray!
And then, let's see, Metropolis Mania 2, that's also coming out.
Let's see, Fatal Fury Battle Archives Volume 1, yay.
On PSP, Dungeons and Dragons Tactics, Ghost Recon, oh, no, that's next week, sorry, sorry.
Let's see, other than that, oh, DS, DS are some good stuff.
Let's see, Luminous Ark, that's supposed to be pretty good.
Rune Factory, a fantasy Harvest Moon.
How many Harvest Moon games will come out this year?
That's a good question.
Heroes of Mana, that's supposed to be actually pretty good on DS.
Operation Vietnam, and High School Musical, Makin' the Cut, and yeah, that's pretty much
it.
It's Madden or nothin'.
Alright, well, I'm heading over to the Japanese release dates, and I'm here to tell you there's
not a goddamn thing worth noting coming out in Japan this week, nothing, there's nothing,
absolutely nothing coming out over there.
However, if you happen to live in Korea, you're getting some of the same things we are.
You're also getting Persona 3 on the PlayStation 2, but otherwise, it's a very slow week, nothing
of note.
I mean, I guess there's a couple small titles, but nothing worth mentioning, honestly, so
slow week.
Well, yeah, it's about the same, I'm over in the UK right now.
Premiere Manager 08, and Two Worlds.
Slow times.
That's it.
However, lucky people are getting Blue Dragon on the 24th.
I think we are, too.
Yep.
So, hey, we get something at the same time, and they're getting Blazing Angels later,
too.
Very cool.
You know, and this is just the calm before the storm right here.
This August is always the slow period, so we're gonna start seeing things really pick
up very soon here, like, you know, Blue Dragon, Metroid Prime 3, then we get in next month,
and then, you know, the Halo, everything.
It's gonna be a mess.
There's a to-be announced on here for Final Fantasy XII International Zodiac Job System.
We need to get a date on that.
I thought that already came out.
It came out in Japan, yeah.
That was last week's releases in Japan.
It's sating pending for the UK, but nothing specific.
Let me put out a press release.
The issue would come out over here.
Let me put out a press release saying that's the crappiest title for a game, or a Final
Fantasy game.
The Rob D. would like to say August ain't slow this year because you're getting a Bioshock,
a Madden, everything.
Yeah, I know, I know, but I'm saying, like, you know, that's all towards the end of the
month.
Whoa, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I wanna play Blue Dragon and Bioshock.
Rob was talking about, well, not Blue Dragon, but I'm talking about the other stuff.
No.
Well, just because you guys are anti-Madden.
It's still a slow month, even though those games are coming out.
I mean, look at it, okay.
So Bioshock, that's coming out next week, in the week of the 21st, and, well, that's
it.
I see.
So basically you're saying the problem with this month is that you just have, like, these
few A-list titles kind of tent-pulling us through the month.
Pretty much.
There's not a lot of other stuff.
Bioshock's next week, and then the week after that, you've got the Blue Dragon, Metrory
Prime 3, Stuntman Ignition, Tiger Woods 08, and stuff like that, but that's pretty much
it for the rest of the month.
September is crazy, and then beyond that, it's just, ugh, I don't even wanna know.
I fear November.
November's scary.
I'm sorry, Blue Dragon's the only one out of that list that I'm having any problem looking
forward to.
December's getting scary, too.
I'm not as looking forward to Metroid Prime 3 as you might think.
I was very, very, very disappointed that Nintendo did not decide to go online multiplayer with
it.
We need a Metroid Metroid.
Like old-school Metroid?
Yes.
Well, we get them on Virtual Console, if nothing else.
No.
Next week, I think.
We need an actual new Metroid game.
We need Metroid Wii.
We'll see.
Metroid Metroid.
We love Metroid.
But that's what we want.
That's Metroid Prime 3.
No.
No.
You want a 2D.
You need to be specific.
You want a 2D Metroid on the Wii.
I want a 2D Metroid on the Wii.
Alright.
Or, or like a, um, like, you know how, um, the Sega Aegis Fantasy Zone is with the, uh,
the, the 3D, 2D look?
What?
You need something like that.
I don't know if you heard, but there's, uh, rumors going around saying that Castlevania
Aria of Sorrow's gonna be, uh, shown at Let's Big, um, on the PC.
And so, if it's on the PC, then it could ideally come to consoles.
Interesting.
And that was the Game Boy Advance one, so.
We'll see.
Let's go ahead and move on and get back into some news.
Anyhoo, um, so we were talking a little bit earlier about firmware updates for the 360.
Well, the Wii, you know, couldn't be left out, so they decided to update to version
3, which you get some spiffy shit with that.
Um, now, nothing major like the Check Me Out channel or anything like that, but, uh, you
get a wonderful digital clock, hurrah, and, uh, the Forecast channel now displays the
current condition, yet it doesn't display the temperature, and the current condition
is still, like, I'll boot up my Wii at, like, 4 o'clock in the evening and it, it shows
a picture of a moon.
I'm like, look outside, you stupid Wii.
They're just trying to let you know that the moon's still there, okay?
Oh, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Moon not destroyed yet.
Thank God.
Okay.
Oh, hooray.
This channel can now display two scrolling headlines at a time in the Wii menu.
Um, then, uh, let's see, the message board now has, uh, today's accomplishments message
as a white message, which will allow you to stand out, or allow it to stand out from other
messages.
I still hate those today's accomplishments things anyways.
Uh, address book can now be shifted around using A and B. There's a calendar that no
longer shows today's accomplishments, and scrolling messages in the Wii message board
now use a different sound.
I guess in the Wii shop channel, they've got some other stuff.
You can search by category, publisher, genre, but you still can't look at videos within
the Wii shop channel.
You have to go onto the internet to see that.
Um, and then, uh, of course, you know, there's some settings, I guess, warning added to pre-system
update detailing that, uh, technically modified consoles may cease to function.
So we break your mod chips!
That's right.
Um, the other thing that it did allow, um, is the freeloader to stop working.
So if you were, uh, thinking about using your freeloader to play other region, uh, GameCube
games, you just got served.
You got fucked over.
I'm surprised to see Nintendo caring so much because they didn't in the past.
Maybe they were afraid of future exploits like that, I don't know.
Who knows?
Uh, one other thing that should be said is the Wii system update also made the USB keyboards
now start working.
Uh, you can actually plug in a USB keyboard into the back of the Wii, uh, and you can
use your keyboard for the message board messages.
You can use it to type in some things.
Uh, you can use it when you're, um, like writing questions for everybody votes or whatever.
Uh, you can also do the internet channel.
Hooray.
However, you can't use it in the shop channel to search and I don't know what that's about.
Uh, can you use it in the internet channel?
I thought you couldn't.
Uh, apparently you can.
I'm pretty sure you can.
So, I don't know, I'll have to try it.
I bought a USB keyboard for Final Fantasy XI for the 360 and then I stopped playing.
So I have one sitting out there that I don't really use.
And it glows blue.
It's really pretty.
So.
I still had one from when I played, uh, Blue Burst.
Ah.
Well, or if I should just say Fantasy Star Online.
Right.
Hm.
At any rate, there's other stuff.
Well for anyone...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You know what?
You're right.
I screwed up.
It's, it's actually, you can't use it to do any of that other stuff.
You can only use the keyboard for the message board messages.
I screwed up.
That was a can't on the internet channel.
My bad.
Well that's what I get for not testing it myself.
I was, I'm just not kinda interested in that.
I'm like, why would I use the Wii to surf the internet when I have a computer five steps
away that can do it?
I just don't get it.
Sorry kids.
Some people I guess want everything to do everything.
I like having one thing that does one thing and then I think it does another thing.
Well anyway, um, for anyone who has actually been keeping up with Super Mario Galaxy, there
has been a few screenshots put in Famitsu, um, showing that there is a desert world and
a haunted house so we can get our buddy Boo coming back.
A desert world and a haunted house in a Mario game?
That's completely new.
Well, I don't think, was there actually a desert level in Mario Sunshine?
In like every single Mario game since Mario Brothers 3.
I don't know.
I lost interest in Mario Sunshine about halfway through it.
But Super Mario Galaxy will be coming out later this year and I want, and I want it
to actually keep my attention.
Awesome.
Now, some other interesting stuff coming out.
There was a patent found online for a motion sensing portable or at least something for
a portable system to sense directional movements on the all different axis, basically a six
axis built into a Game Boy Advance type thing.
So um, maybe something in the future to be added to the DS, new handheld console, who
knows.
If I were to guess, I would say that maybe something to plug into the Game Boy Advance,
or actually the DS, the Game Boy Advance slot, to use that actually as a controller for different
games.
Because you know, the DS, it can connect to the Wii, so might as well add some tilt sensing
to it as well.
God, I hope they're not putting out another portable system.
Oh, they will.
And they'll call it the Game Boy something else and they'll be like, hi, you get to buy
it again, bitch.
Part of me kind of hopes that they're doing this so that nobody else will.
Like maybe they're doing one of those, like, what is it, the company that keeps filing
the patents on the immersion?
Yeah, like they're doing one of those types of patents where they're just doing it before
anyone else can think of it because of the success of the Wii, I don't know.
I just hope not.
We'll see.
Meanwhile, for the Nintendo consoles, as we mentioned earlier, Metroid and Super Metroid
have been confirmed that they are on their way to the Virtual Console a little later
this month, leading up to, of course, the release of Metroid Prime 3.
All this can be found in the new Metroid Prime 3 preview channel, which you can download
for the Wii, which I tried to do, but it would work.
I got like three download arrows in a row, so I was like, forget it.
Did you check out the Metroid Prime 3 preview channel, Loki?
No.
I could care less.
I heard that basically it just has some pictures and things, and it has streaming video incorporated
into the channel.
Awesome!
Why don't they do that with anything else, say the Virtual Console games, you bastards?
You prove that you can do it, come on, do it.
I don't know, I would also just kind of like to see demos, but I know the online storage
on the Wii isn't very big, so probably asking for a lot.
Stop crippling your damn system, people, seriously.
Interesting.
Drunami says, it's cool, but it's YouTube, basically.
Well, you can't get an accurate portrayal of what the game looks like with something
like YouTube graphics.
I can't wait for someone to modify that channel, because I'm sure that whatever it's streaming
is probably off the internet and not on your console, so that would be pretty cool to change
the DNS in it or something, to stream video off of other things, so you could actually
turn it into not really YouTube, but I don't know, maybe get Justin TV on there or something.
Son of Dad says, I want streaming videos of Super Metroid.
Well, maybe somebody will make a streaming video of this next segment, it's something
we do every week here on the program.
It's Dark Sakura's website of the week.
She surfs the internet up and down and all around to find a website that she wants to
share with all of you at home.
So Dark Sakura, tell the kids where they should be pointing their web browsers this week.
Today's website of the week is really a result of wishful thinking on my part, but it's ferretsunlimited.org.
It's basically a shelter for ferrets.
They have adoption services and they're actually in Ohio, but the good thing about this site
is it also has information about needs, it has links to other shelters, how to shop,
how to take care of your ferret, and eventually, so I'm working on trying to eventually have
a ferret baby myself.
Even though they're still illegal to own in California, aren't they?
Not if somebody brings them out of state.
You're going to smuggle in a ferret in California?
You're going to smuggle in a ferret, hell yeah.
You probably wouldn't be the first one to do it, I'm sure.
Well, no.
And on top of that, there's a few other sites out there on the internet that tell you where
in California has a list of vets who will take care of your ferrets and not turn you
in.
So I think that's pretty cool.
Or even better, they still sell the crap for ferrets at the store, but even though they're
not allowed over here.
Ferrets are the best pets ever.
As much as I love my cat, I really want a ferret.
What's going to happen when you have a cat and a ferret?
Are they going to chase you around the house?
Actually, I'd love for Shermy to get chased around the house, that big fat animal.
Okay, my cat is intensely obese, and she's lazy, and I can't even chase her around the
house.
She's like, oh, it's just mom, she'll just step on me and then I'll be okay.
Rob Roberts, reminding you to help control the ferret population, have your ferret spayed
or neutered.
Yes.
And RossdielUT asks a good question.
I actually don't know the answer to it, but I'm assuming you do, DarkSakura.
Why the fuck are ferrets illegal in California?
That's, okay, I don't know the entire thing.
I actually haven't seen anything legitimate about it.
But they're talking about some problem with certain breeds of them being endangered and
with having this wild ferret population from strays, and I was like, that's stupid.
I'll tell you why.
It's because of Beastmaster.
Because they don't want another one of those crappy movies made in California, so no ferrets,
no Beastmaster sequel.
You know what?
My friend, before I moved out here, my friend- At least not another sequel.
My friend was going to give me his ferrets, and their names were Koto and Poto.
Okay, I'm on Wikipedia, of course, to find the answer to this question.
Oh, I'm on ferretnews.org.
And in the ferret article, it cites this reference, the Fish and Game Code of California, and
what it says, quote, animals of the families viviridae, I'm sorry, I'm totally mispronouncing
these, and mustelidae, which I'm assuming the ferrets belong to, in the order carnivora
are restricted, because such animals are undesirable and a menace to native wildlife, the agricultural
interests of the state, or to the public health or safety.
In other words, they don't want ferrets gone wild on mountain streets.
That's exactly, see, that's so stupid, and right now, they're actually still petitioning.
And the last news as of March 29th was that, it was on here saying that, they're doing
this thing where the government's trying to say that people do not want to have ferrets,
when actually the most population of people are like, we don't mind ferrets.
Yeah, but then you're going to get those two people that let the ferrets run loose outdoors
like a fucking cat, and it's going to kill things, and screw up the ecosystem, and then
you're like, I didn't know that ferrets shouldn't be outside, I'm totally oblivious to that.
And then, you know, they ruin it for everybody.
I don't know why we're talking about ferrets on a video game show.
Hey, that's Orange Lounge.
Yeah, we have ferrets, okay?
A ferret.
The ferret's in the box somewhere right now.
Ferrets are great.
We don't have a ferret in the studio yet.
But no, I really, I really, really, really, really want a ferret, so I'm working on trying
to get my significant other to agree.
All right, I really, really want to get back into gaming news.
Just to answer, son of dad ferrets live anywhere between 10 to 15 years.
All right, anyways, so interesting stuff, actually I guess a decent game for the iPod.
Hold on, wait a minute.
Tiger Claw in chat has a great point.
There's no ferret video games, like ever.
Let's fix that.
Has there ever been a ferret video game ever in existence?
Has a ferret even been a character in a video game?
Beastmaster.
I cannot, besides Beastmaster.
I can't think of anything where a, this is a travesty.
2DX16 ferret.
No, we need to have a game, okay, now that's.
It said 2DX Troopers, that's bullshit.
Let's put that up on the Orange Lounge Radio Xbox Live Arcade wish list, okay?
We have Laser Cats, the game, and now we have Ferret, the video game.
What, Loki?
Actually there has been a ferret video game for the Game Boy Color created by Culture
Brain.
It's called Ferret Monogatari Watashi no Okini Eri.
A big what?
Anyways, Ferret Story, my dear ferret.
It's a Japanese only video game that's a simulation style game where you take care of a ferret.
It says at the start of the game you choose one of three different colored ferrets, colors
are randomly chosen, the ferret is kept in the cage a bunch of the time but you have
to keep his water and food topped off and clean its litter box.
You can take the ferret out for walks or to play with it.
You can also even play mini games, one is a race, one is putting together a picture
and the other is dancing.
It's Nintend Ferret.
Yeah, and just like Nintendogs, the game gets fucking boring after playing it for an hour.
I'm getting the ferret game, you watch.
Hold on, we got a lot of comments in chat here on the ferret game.
SSJ100Matt says, there's a ferret-like creature in Pokemon.
Eh, not really a ferret.
TheRobD says, was there a ferret in Bible Adventures or in Super 3D Noah's Ark?
Probably not because ferrets are unclean, they're not God's animals.
They weren't allowed on the Ark.
Like lice, I don't think Noah took lice on the Ark.
That's ok, the lice were in their hair.
They didn't have rid back in the day.
Exactly.
RosteelUT says, putting a ferret in a video game will ensure that Schwarzenegger will
never let ferrets in.
You know what, he's a bastard anyway.
I didn't vote for him.
I voted for Gary Coleman.
I voted for Mary Carey.
Bandit says, there was a ferret in a video game called Penguin Wars for the Game Boy.
Why would a ferret be in a penguin game?
I don't know.
This is too bad.
Alright, sorry Loki.
Please put the show back on track if you can.
There's this news website that has a character that they talk about, well a video game news
site that's called Toothpick the Ferret.
He has a giant cloud sword.
Anyways, so yeah, a game for fifth generation iPods called Musica.
It's created by the man behind Parappa the Rapper and it's a game that's basically
a music visualizer game.
More background I guess than anything and I guess when the game creates visuals based
on the titles of your songs then it asks players to tap the center button in time with each
letter of the name.
And you get points for doing that and build up your combo, yada yada yada.
So if you're interested in buying it, it's $4.99 on the iTunes store.
I might have to check that out.
I've been kind of wanting to check that out.
But only if you have a fifth generation iPod.
Well I might be able to dig one of those up.
I think that this one I've got here is so I'll have to check that out.
Of course you won't be playing this because you hate Apple and you don't have an iPod
so that's right, not for you.
Let's see, Tigerclaw, I hate to go back to the ferret thing but the chat room just won't
shut up about it which is what I love about having a chat room.
Bright stun says Hotaru Fukuba from Garumarka the wolves had a yellow ferret.
I found the game online but it's a flash game.
Let's see what else is there.
Tigerclaw says if Nintendo or Sega is listening they have a potential franchise if they create
Sonic the Hedgehog type game starring a ferret.
Who knows.
Well one game that probably won't be getting a ferret any time soon is Beatmania 2DX.
Of course Loki was just talking about one other type of music game for the iPod.
We got to go all the way back and honor one of the first music game series there was in
existence.
Beatmania now in 2DX in its 15th incuration is now being location tested.
It's called DJ Troopers is the new theme.
It's so stupid.
It's kind of a silly name but of course a lot of people thought Red and Happy Sky were
dumb names too.
Happy Sky made sense at least it was very you know, Englishy.
Well DJ Troopers I give it a chance because it's kind of green like camo colors are kind
of green so that's one color they haven't really done yet so I give it a chance.
What is the cutest thing ever?
Beatmania 2DX has not really changed a whole lot over the past few games.
I mean little subtle changes here and there but the game itself hasn't changed a whole
lot.
Well it has been location tested or is it going through location tests in Tokyo right
now and some of the songs are sneaking out.
There's a new song from Chorus K called Evergreen, a new song from Akira Yamaoka called Shift.
It's a techno song, should be fun.
Another remix of A is in the game which should be interesting.
New songs of course are green colored in the song list.
The five keys modifier now uses keys three through seven instead of one through five
when playing on the two player side which is kind of a different type of change there
for those that like to play five key mode and a song called Deep Strikers has 1,528
notes on Hyper and is a 12 rated song on Double Hyper and that's going to be crazy.
They got rid of a bunch of songs by the way.
Bag is finally no longer in 2DX.
But also Sad Diamond Jealousy is also gone finally.
So there you go.
I'm sure we'll be hearing more about this on your favorite music gaming website as the
week goes on and more stuff comes out of location tests.
I'm sure YouTubes are coming far behind.
Well I have some happy that I hope would be something that happens.
There is actually a hint about there being a downloadable sequel on PSN for Parappa.
I would just be so happy to have more Parappa.
But right now it's in rumor phase.
The creator of Parappa the Rapper just sort of talked about it.
Not really.
He said, oh yeah, let's just do it.
Fuck Parappa.
I want Umjama Lammy.
Dude, that would be cool.
How come we always hear about Parappa this, Parappa that, Parappa remake, Parappa going
to be on the PlayStation Network maybe but there ain't shit about Umjama Lammy.
We need Umjama Death Metal.
Or what was it, there was Umjama Lammy and then Rami was her friend, right?
Rami.
And Rami was her opposite.
Who was the goth chick.
Yes.
And this is something that sucks because I wanted the hell level but instead they put
him on an island.
And Rasteel Utis theorizes maybe it's because Umjama Lammy sucked but that would be a lie
because Umjama Lammy was awesome so I failed to see your logic, I'm sorry.
So there you have it.
I suppose though if the Parappa thing did come out for the PlayStation Network and it
sold like crazy, maybe we could convince them to do an Umjama Lammy song in game.
We'll see.
All right, anyhow, that's going to bring this segment of Orange Launch Radio to a close
but we will be back with Part B right after a quick break.
Orange Launch Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Launch Radio.
