Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, August
19th, 2007, for part B of episode number 243 of our podcast.
Yes, we've been doing this a little while.
Of course on our show, if you're brand new to our program, we like to discuss the latest
in video games and gaming culture and, you know, we're three gamers that all met playing
DDR at an arcade and we've known each other for about five years doing this program and
just kind of like to give our share.
And of course it's all about what you guys have to say as well and you can always interact
with our program through the chat room or through our Skype line or, you know, our voicemail
or mailbag.
You can always send us emails to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com because if we can do
a show, if any old idiots like us can do a show, then you guys should be able to be a
part of it as well.
So anyhow, let's get back into the gaming news.
Started off with some talk about Mario Kart coming out on the Wii.
There's some brand new details about Mario Kart on the Wii.
Apparently a couple of screenshots, new screenshots actually hit the internet this week and so
it gives some more details about what's going on.
Of course the tracks appear to be bigger and better as you would expect on a new console.
You can do jumps, little jumps again.
The jump button is back.
Twelve player racing online, shortcuts within the tracks as well, mid-air stunts apparently
can be done in the game as well, and tracks being carried over from Mario Kart Double
Dash which is cool because some of the classic tracks of course have awesome design in them.
So I'd like to see the old school Rainbow Road come back one more time because I wasn't
as big of a fan of the new school Rainbow Road since the old one.
Mario Kart 64 I think was probably one of the best.
I love Mario Kart 64.
That's one of the few Nintendo 64 games I really, really adore which by the way I forgot
to say in part A during my gaming week, I played F-Zero 64.
I didn't care for it.
I know Jamie you said you loved that one.
I didn't really care for it.
I do see though now where a lot of like GX, the GameCube one came from because it totally
feels like an earlier version of F-Zero GX but I thought Mario Kart 64 was a way better
racer on the Nintendo 64 than F-Zero sadly.
Which makes me sad because I love my F-Zero but oh well.
Anyhow, anyways some interesting news in the homebrew scene on the Wii.
Apparently if you have a mod chipped Wii, they have just enabled it to be able to play
DVDs as if you really need to do that but in case you're interested, what you can do
is actually using a I guess clone CD like some special boot CD that you create.
You'll boot it with your Wii that's got, I guess it's a mod that's programmed in YO Assembly
1.8 and I guess they use this program called Wii Boss and then what you do is you just
mount the disc and pop in the DVD.
So you get to play it using the Wii Remote of course as the remote for it.
I don't know, it's kind of gimmicky, kind of cool.
Definitely something that they can implement later on since it looks like the Wii is fully
capable of course playing DVD movies.
There has to be some sort of functionality already built in that they're going to release
something for later.
Seems so weird how Nintendo does that.
They love to do these time release things on their consoles.
Like you know DS, surprise it goes online, surprise it has voice chat, surprise.
It's just interesting.
Nintendo has some very interesting strategies sometimes.
Well I think that as a company they're very far seen.
They look at the big picture, they have a vision and stick to it.
Well there was speculation on this article by Gizmodo, they were saying that possibly
later on since the whole issue was DVD licensing fees, I guess the license, the technology
to play back DVD video, obviously they didn't want to increase the cost of the Wii so which
you could possibly do later on is get a DVD channel for your Wii downloaded off of Wiiware
and then you pay the money for the licensing fee up front, there you go, pop that in and
you can play DVDs.
Well AZHP brings up an interesting point in our chat room.
There can't be anything already in the Wii that can play DVDs because they need to buy
the licensing to include that software.
It's not legal for them to add in DVD compatibility and time release it.
Interesting.
The son and dad said the Dreamcast was going to have DVD playback but it never happened.
I still don't think there's any problem because really the DVD, the audio and video, really
that's just a particular file and if the Wii is already set up to read those types of files
then having specific DVD playability in the Wii is not the issue.
It was not made with that intent.
It would just be able to read those files already.
It needs the software, I think.
RossDielUT says what a thinly veiled attempt to justify pirate mod chips since hey it plays
DVDs.
Oh and by the way you can play copied games.
Interesting thought.
Nintendo's always, well this whole thing that surprised me about modding the Wii and about
their import policy with it is that they never I guess really cared that much in the past
given that in every other system except the GameCube it was all a physical lockout.
At least with the TurboGrafx it was a difference in the pin sets on the HuCards.
There was no real good converter.
I have the one that was supposed to be the best.
It doesn't work.
Except with the CD games there was no country coding but there were still new CD games but
I don't see exactly why they're as all up in arms on this when Sony's like hey you
can play them here.
It's kind of an old debate at this point for me but you know I think everything should
be region free.
I don't understand the intent to region lock things especially I mean I can understand
because the DVD licensing you have to region lock things but with the Wii if you don't
have DVD playback you don't need to region lock things.
I don't think you have to region lock everything with DVDs and stuff.
Look at the...
Unless it's porn.
PlayStation 3, granted it's Blu-ray but that's region free, the PSP is region free, DS is
region free, Game Boy Advance is region free.
I don't see what the point is.
If anything you're going to be selling more copies of games because people are going to
buy like say Oh and Done and then buy Elite Beat Agents.
Hey you sold an extra copy in Japan.
Who cares if they paid money to have it shipped over here.
That's their money.
But you sold an extra copy because of that.
Is that really a bad thing?
And then we're going to get a Ninja Pass but that's another story.
Jay that says Nintendo is a toy company.
They produce toys not DVD players.
GS68 says because if you buy the Japanese version of a game that has a North American
version it could cause problems with your region's market.
Interesting.
All right well if you want to chat with us join our chat room chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com
and give us your two cents.
Well for anybody who is you know still keeping up with anything about the Virtual Console
and the Wii I do have the update for the UK.
As you were saying previously Wave Race 64 is out for a thousand points.
It translated to seven pounds, ten euro.
And well it's Wave Race which I didn't really care for.
We also have Crater Maze from the Turbo Graphics 16, 600 Wii points, 420 pounds, six euro.
And I think that's it.
Some new additions for you folks that like to play the Virtual Console in the UK and
of course we know here in America we get Super Metroid on Monday.
Not sure what else we get with that.
Crater Maze is a weird game.
There's a lot of weird Turbo Graphics games available on the Wii now and Genesis games
as well.
And some weird games coming out for the Playstation 2 very soon.
A brand new accessory is coming out for the Playstation 2 and In2Games is supposed to be
revealing this at the games convention in Leipzig.
It's a Wiimote basically for the Playstation 2.
I probably shouldn't call it that.
It's a motion sensing pad for the Playstation 2.
The games that are going to be coming out for it, Real Play Tennis, Real Play Pool,
Real Play Golf, Real Play Racing, Real Play Bowling, and Real Play Puzzle Spear.
Hmm, I've heard of some of these games before.
The little sensing pad is supposed to emulate tennis rackets, pool cues, golf clubs and
steering wheels amongst others.
Hmm.
I heard a voice of disagreement over there, Loki.
What do you think?
It's gimmicky shit.
That's what it is.
I've seen the pictures of them and it's not what you think.
It's not a game pad per se.
It's not like the Wii Remote.
It actually is something that looks like a tennis racket.
Something that looks like a golf club.
Something that looks like a bowling ball.
And it just has motion sensors in those.
So think, if you will, there was a golf game that came out called, I want to say, Real
Motion Golf or something like that on Playstation 2 and Xbox a while back.
And I don't know.
It's gimmicky shit.
Well, on the other hand, I can't help but feel like I've played these games before.
And when games start feeling unoriginal, I don't know about you guys, but I get a little
bit angsty.
Do you guys get a little bit angsty?
All the time.
That means it's time to bring on the FUs of the week.
Jamie, why don't you start us off?
FU to headaches that develop into nosebleeds.
That's no fun.
No, it's not.
Is that it?
And also an FU to nosebleeds while I'm busy drinking.
Loki.
FU to pompous little jerks that think they can drive their truck around like it's a fucking
race car.
Actually this is funny.
We saw this last night when we were at the movie theater, this dumb ass blowing through
tons of stop signs in the parking lot, driving like 50 miles an hour.
And you know, usually it's like, where the fuck are the cops when you need them?
There just happened to be a cop right when you needed him.
Pulled the bastard over.
It was awesome.
I laughed my ass off.
Good times.
Justice is served.
My FU goes to this weird cavity thing I have in my mouth.
It's not like a tooth cavity, but I think like one of my crowns is coming off or something
and now it's like a cavity and it sucks because it hurts and now I have to go to the dentist
and I hate going to the dentist because I, oh God, the dentist makes you feel so stupid.
I don't know about you guys, but I hate my dentist.
So I hate every single one.
I think it's only been like one dentist I've ever gone to that I ever liked.
He should go to my dentist.
He's very great.
He probably doesn't take my insurance.
FU to my dentist insurance, not letting me go to very many dentists, but I always fall
asleep.
Let's see.
Just FU to the dentist in general.
Not my favorite thing to do.
Okay.
Just kind of following up with the story here.
I know this is really bad radio, but this is what they are.
Those are the controllers for those crappy attachments that they came out with for the
Wii.
That's the worst thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
Except they're not.
They just have like little sensors and shit on them.
So yeah, it's not a whole lot to get excited about, but hey, I mean if you're into that
kind of stuff and you don't want to go out and buy an actual Wii system and you want
to be able to bowl at home and stuff, great.
Buy the game.
It's only like 30 bucks anyway.
So it's not really a Wiimote coming to the PlayStation 2, but it's these Wii-like technologies
coming to the PlayStation 2.
Something like that, yeah.
Now what's also interesting, this kind of leaked out during an online demo for, I believe
it was for another game, during Unreal Tournament 3, they had accidentally paused the game or
something and a gamer card screen popped up that's going to be tied in with home.
And apparently, you know, the PlayStation Network will be getting a similar type of
thing with their home service and my guess is going to be very similar to what Xbox has
right now with their live service.
What's interesting though is, you know, gamer card might sound familiar seeing as there's
that whole my gamer card thing as part of Xbox, so, I don't know, great.
Well, I mean, if it's not broken, why fix it?
It's not the most original idea, but it's good that they're getting something else,
I guess.
Joe, she's 16, says, Sony innovating again.
Brilliant.
Innovation.
Yeah, that's the key word.
All right.
Well, if you guys want to comment on this, we're actually going to open our Skype line
a little bit early tonight.
If you weren't listening to part A, unfortunately, the live stream is getting shut off at 8 p.m.
or so we're being told for some maintenance.
So to make sure that our live listeners get a chance to interact with us tonight before
the plug is pulled on the live stream and we have to finish the show with no live interaction,
we want to open up our Skype line.
So please head on over and give us a call, 1-866-GAME-OLR, I'm sorry, it's 1-866 or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Get it right, Rob.
Go ahead after this amount of time, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio
on Skype, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
So just waiting for a call to come in and we'll take it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Ravenstaufen.
How are you tonight, Sky?
Hi.
Fine.
What's up, Ravenstaufen?
What's on your mind?
Bioshock is on my mind.
God, you've got the quickest dialing finger in the world.
You're always the first one to get through.
It's amazing.
I do.
I know how to work Skype.
I think it's the new version of Skype or something because it shuts everyone else out once one
person's coming through.
I wish I could go back to the old version.
Anyway, what's on your mind?
Bioshock.
Yeah, but I want to ask you that the mini-game, the hacking mini-game, are you good at that
game?
Rob, you said you didn't do it, didn't you?
I wasn't able to complete it, but I only tried it one time.
It's Pipe Dream.
I think that's what it was, Pipe Dream, or that game on PopCap Games with the little
Chinese fireworks.
I don't remember the name of that game, but it reminded me of both those games.
Yeah, it's real easy.
Here's my trick in the whole thing.
You just flip over all the tiles if you can.
Dude, that's my trick.
Yeah, connect them.
Why wouldn't you want to flip over all the tiles?
I don't know.
Is there a downside to flipping over?
You pay money.
Not that I found out.
You pay money?
Yeah, you know, it's either hacking or pay money.
Oh.
Oh, well, no.
When you're flipping over the tiles, you don't pay money.
No, no, no.
If you lose, then your health goes bad.
You can pay money to just have it automatically hack, or you can do the tile thing, but yeah,
I don't understand why you wouldn't flip over all the tiles.
Yeah, because some people I talk to go like, the game's hard.
This is really hard.
You're supposed to flip over every tile and try to figure out shit.
That seems to kind of defeat the purpose if you just go in there and flip over every tile.
There are some other tiles, though, that are in the actual game.
I'm not sure why, if there's a downside to flipping over tiles.
Maybe that's one of the differences where the demo and the real game are a little different.
I'll have to ask someone I know that already owns the game.
Well, what did you want to say about the hacking, Raven's Dolphin?
Well, you know, yesterday I showed how I can be very good at the hacking.
I showed everyone that I can get it done quite quickly, and they went like, oh, it's very
hard.
I went like, it's not hard, and I showed them that it's not hard.
And what did they do, were they calling you names because you just flipped over every
tile?
That was your trick, or what?
No, they just went like, I can never get through the hacking, like the little mini-game.
I'm like, I'm going to show you how to get through it.
Well, I believe in the full version of the game you're supposed to be able to hack the
vending machines.
There's other stuff you can hack, too.
Yeah, there's other things that hack in the game.
Can't wait for it, though.
Yeah, are you excited about Bioshock?
Yeah, but the thing about, there's an interesting story about this game for me.
I can't remember pre-ordering it at all.
And EB says I have a pre-order for it, so someone must like me.
You think somebody went in there and put a pre-order down for you?
I don't know.
I just can't remember for the life of me why I have a pre-order for it.
All right, well, one more thing, Rayman's Dolphin?
Yeah, there was one more thing.
When you, this is about Bioshock, when you first saw Rapture, would your jaw on the floor,
like that can't be right?
Like when you first go down into the city of, the city?
Yeah, when you see the crab and then you see the beautiful city, did your jaw just go,
oh my god?
Kind of.
I was already, like, just in that very first scene where you're in the ocean with all the
fire everywhere, kind of like how Loki said at the beginning of the show, like some people
just turn around and look at the fire for them.
It'll make a good movie.
That was more, that's what I was thinking, is that, like, it's totally set up like a
movie.
That's what gets, that is what has a lot of people really sucked into this game, is they've
really pulled it off, making it just like a movie, and 2K to some extent did this with
their last game, Prey, which I actually talked about on this program a lot, and it was actually
a first person shooter I really liked, was Prey, because it was set up for dummies like
me.
You could never die in Prey.
I loved it.
For the hardcore FPS fan, they hated it, but it was also set up very much like a movie,
but I don't know, Bioshock pulls it off in a different way that's much more engrossing
than even Prey.
One last thing.
Of course.
Next gen flushing.
I enjoyed flushing the toilet and see it actually going down.
Which way did it spin?
Which way did it flush?
Dr. Clockwise.
Oh.
That's a good question, because it is the bottom of the ocean, so the question, because
this city is supposed to exist at the bottom of the ocean, so the question is, does it
spin a different way?
But what part of the world was it in?
I don't know.
I complained, I said that, you know, now we have next gen flushing, and this is next generation.
Flushing and water.
You could flush the toilet in Duke Nukem 3D.
You could flush the toilets in Final Fantasy VI.
But not like this.
You can't just go up to it and just flush it.
If you go in the bathroom in the palace, you can kneel on the toilet.
I guess that's the problem.
And you move off of it and it flushes.
Really?
So do all the boys sit when they pee?
It's everybody kneels on the toilet.
But you can also flush them in Animal Crossing too if you sit on them like a child.
You guys are very bored.
You know, I have to say, that certainly lets you know that the creators of the game have
gotten it down to every last freaking detail when the toilet flushes and everything.
The fact that you can run around and eat all the food and smoke all the cigarettes, and
apparently you can also play the guitars in the game.
Holy Shonen in chat says, LOL, the ideal of next gen flushing toilets.
Gold Banjo says, OMG, how far technology has taken us.
It's exciting.
I'm feeling very confident about future gaming.
I was just shocked as well.
Just flushing that toilet.
Like, this is it.
This is next gen.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go for the future so you can go get your copy of Bioshock and
flush all the toilets.
Okay.
All right.
Bye.
Have a good one.
Bye.
I'm sorry.
Next gen has not started until I can take a splicer and give them a swirly in the toilet.
New call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
It's ADHP.
Hello.
There you are.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, well, I remember last show when you guys said that you didn't think Take-Two or Rockstar
was doing that badly because they're the makers of Grand Theft Auto.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Actually, they've been doing a lot of restructuring because they have really bad money management
because of the whole hot coffee incident.
They poured millions of dollars down that.
They're actually way down.
Yeah, and especially the fact that they don't really have anything new coming out this year
now also kind of has to hurt them a little bit.
Yeah, definitely.
So yeah.
Is that all you want to comment on or is there other stuff tonight?
Well, I don't know.
I didn't really get into the feed until after part B and part B wasn't that long.
Oh, all right.
Well, I know because we have to make sure we get the Skype in before eight o'clock tonight,
but our podcast will still have everything in it, all the stories and everything.
Well, what games have you been playing this week?
I've been playing a lot of Half-Life 2, actually.
Yeah.
Because I just got a new computer and I got this headset just so I could Skype in and
call you guys.
Awesome.
Cool.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So wait, you brought a brand new computer, so is it like a top of the line or is it like
a Costco computer or what?
It's kind of a budget computer.
It's like a Dell 600 bucks.
I was like, eh, I want something that plays games, but I don't want something that will
kill my wallet.
So you probably won't be playing Bioshock on it.
Ah, man, I wish I could.
Do you have a 360?
No, I just have a Wii for now.
I'm not getting into the next gen until they fix the stability issues on the Xbox 360.
You know, actually, Ross Steele kind of brings up a follow-up point in the chat room.
Ross Steele, UT, says, as far as take two, because 2K is a part of that, and says they
almost have nothing other than GTA, Bioshock might be their first post-GTA hit.
So maybe they do have a game this year that's going to bring in the money.
I thought it was 2K that was doing Bioshock.
It is 2K that's doing Bioshock, but don't they all roll up in take two?
Take two owns 2K, and they also own Rockstar.
Yeah, so it's just different subsidiaries of take two.
I see.
Interesting.
Yeah, I just wanted to, like, every time a great game comes out for the Xbox 360, I'm
like, man, I wish I had an Xbox 360.
And then I get, you know, hear stories of like, oh man, my Xbox 360 broke just before
this game came out.
What am I going to do?
And I'm like, I don't want to get that anymore.
Well, at least they have the warranty thing, so it's, you know, a little better now.
All right, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
No, that's about it.
All right.
Well, thank you so much for calling, and have a good week, okay?
Yeah, you too.
Thanks.
Have fun with the new computer.
All right, bye.
Bye-bye.
I wonder if he'll be playing World of Warcraft on that computer, because there's a lot of
people who go out and get those budget computers to play World of Warcraft.
We'll see.
We'll take a couple more calls.
If you'd like to give us a call again, the number is 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
But don't call now, because we have another call on the line right now.
Hi, OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, guys, what's up?
It's Footy Monster.
Hello, Footy Monster.
What's on your mind?
Nothing much.
I actually want to share with you guys something that I learned during the past day, which
is the Hannah Montana game for the DS actually seems to be really good.
What is this?
Hannah Montana, you know, that Disney show?
Wait, wait, wait.
Hannah Montana for the DS is good?
Yes.
This is newsworthy.
It's a platform that's out already, but the one is going to come out soon.
Now, how do you know this?
Because I checked the video that was posted on DS Fanboy on Friday, and basically the
game is like jam sessions for the DS, where you have the guitar, you can strum it and
play chords and stuff, but takes you to the next level where you can not only strum, but
also pick individual strings, and also you get a full drum kit in which you can actually
play like everything on the drum, and a bass guitar, and also you have connectivity with
other DSs, and you can play on Wi-Fi.
Each person takes an instrument, you can jam together, actually.
The chat room is all surprised that you're serious.
I'm serious, completely serious.
It looks like Rock Band meets jam sessions with a really bad IP sticking on the front.
I see.
So Hannah Montana is a music game that looks to be really good, basically.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a music game, yeah.
So it's not good because I don't get to punch her in the face or anything.
That's not what makes it good, right?
Yeah, nothing helps.
It's actually a good game.
Wow.
It seems to be a good game.
I actually called to Bobby Blackpool's show before, and he said that he thinks, or that
he heard, that they might re-release without the IP, like the Hannah Montana IP slapping
to it, like the developers.
That would be hilarious if they did that.
Can you guys think of any other games that were like that, that were actually pretty
good games that just had a crappy brand on it?
I'm trying to think if there's anything else.
I'm like, surely there was something else in gaming history.
Maybe the chat room can think of something like, was there a great concept for a game
or a great game that just got totally screwed by the IP that was attached to it?
Cool Spot.
Oh, Spot, the video game?
Yeah, Cool Spot.
Oh, like all the way back in the NES days?
Super NES.
Oh, I don't remember that one.
I remember the old board game one that was kind of like Othello.
Well, no, this is with the Spot from 7-Up.
There were the Noid games.
The Noid games?
Was any good?
You annoyed yourself.
They were a good waste of time.
Oh!
Vectorman.
Sneak King.
Hello.
We did have one recently.
But actually, I don't know.
The Burger King IP kind of made it, actually.
I don't know.
I wouldn't say that was a bad IP.
But, huh.
And now I'm just curious about if High School Musical 2, the game, is going to be coming
out any soon.
I still have Shane's CD.
Well, High School Musical, the game, just came out in DS last week, and it's coming
out, the karaoke games coming out on Playstation 2 and Wii in November.
All I have to do is go to Disneyland and then run away from them while they chase me.
So Footy Monster, I'm just shocked.
A very unlikely recommendation for Hannah Montana, but you know what?
I guess this will truly put people to the test.
Is a good game a good game a good game no matter what?
And if you remember, though, they do have that special Disney, like Xbox Live-type service
that's starting with the Hannah Montana 2 game, too.
I just posted the link to the story and the video in chat, so just check it out for yourselves.
I mean, really, it's like I can tell you Hannah Montana seems to be a good game and
you're probably going to laugh at me, but once you see that, I actually look at people's
reaction in the chat room before and it's like, I can't believe that he's right.
It looks to be pretty cool.
The fact that you can actually jam, like, if it was Rock Band, it's like people said
it's jam sessions for the DS mixed with Rock Band with a crap IP.
And how the fuck did Hannah Montana get her name on this?
That's what I want to know.
I'm looking at this right now, so wait, I'm going to play this little video here just
because I can.
And this is coming from DS Fanboy.
So where's this video?
Oh, it's going to stream a lot here.
Let me take a little bit.
It's not going to be good.
It's kind of stupid, like, I don't know why the person doesn't really show the game screen
that much.
They show the guy talking.
Yeah, I know.
I just want to see the screen, but they show the screen a couple of times and you can get
the feel of the game.
You can record up to two minutes, even if you're playing Wi-Fi, so you can actually
record two minutes of something if you're recording with your buddies and that kind
of thing.
So it seems to be pretty feature complete, which is kind of impressive.
Son of Dad says the license kills this game.
No hardcore gamer will buy this.
I will buy it.
You dare to defy.
What son of Dad?
Well, here's the best part, though.
If it's a game like this where it's not going to be that popular, it means it'll just be
in a bargain bin pretty quick and then you can pick it up.
But it might be popular because of the fact that, oh, he's like strumming the little guitar
with the DS thing.
You have actual strings and you can either pick the whole thing or just each string in
itself and use the feedback-selected ports.
Very interesting.
Talk about gaming gems in the strangest places.
I mean, wow, there's little drums, too.
That is something else.
I might have to check that out.
Real quickly before we let you go, I know you also co-host a podcast about strictly
role-playing games, right?
That is correct.
Am I allowed to plug it?
Yes, you may plug it.
All right, The Ultimate Quest, you can find it on UltimateQuest.net and the next show
is probably going to be released in the next few days, so yeah, there you go.
Well, what I want to ask you about Ultimate Quest, I know Blue Dragon is coming out very
soon.
Are you excited about this?
Because it's been getting some mixed reception from people.
I would be excited about it if it wasn't for two reasons.
First off, one of the other co-hosts on the show, Jack Ransom, Shadow Slayer, better known,
he actually played the demo and also did Xenocore, and they both agree that it's really nice
looking, it's something that 360 doesn't really have any access, which is like a traditional
RPG, but that's it.
So that the whole thing that they look really like little kids will put off any hardcore
360 game and things that don't have a 360, so whatever.
All right, we'll see.
All right, anyway, we've had John for a long time, so we got to let you go, but thanks
so much for the call and for the tip on Hannah Montana, who would have known?
Yeah, no worries.
I got to spread the Montana love with this whole thing.
Take care.
Have a good flight.
I understand you have a 14-hour flight tomorrow, so have a good flight.
All right.
Thanks a lot, man.
All right.
Bye-bye.
See you.
See you.
See you.
He's breaking up a little bit there at the end, too, so it's probably for the best.
We'll take one more call.
One more call.
Why not?
If anybody else decides to call in, 1-877-GAME-OLR is the phone number, or our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Waiting for it.
Oh, give it a second because of the buffer.
I'm trying to see what else is going on in chat here.
Let's see.
Joshi16 says he's pimping Montana out on the streets.
Footy is back in chat saying that game will rock everybody's socks.
Looks interesting, though.
They've got some good screenshots on IGN or something, and it's got a little too much
sparkles and pink for my taste, but I don't know.
I like that idea, though, that maybe the developers will release the game without the Hannah Montana
IP, like it's a different game.
Hitstun says you could say the GBA Astro Boy was brought down a little by its license.
The original Astro Boy is hard to watch.
I'm talking about IPs.
All right, well, unfortunately, there's no other calls coming on the Skype line for right
now, so we're going to go back to the news, and just so you know, the live listeners,
Live 365 may dump the show at any time.
Unfortunately, it will be inevitable.
We'll just have to keep going, but we're going to keep recording tonight's show, and
of course, you'll be able to hear the full thing and anything you might miss because
of the Live 365 dump tonight, you can certainly hear it on our podcast, which you can download,
of course, at orangelandtraded.com.
We would have done the mailbag segment right now, but unfortunately, we didn't get a whole
lot of emails, but if you do want to send us an email, mailbag at orangelandtraded.com.
If you wanted to maybe call in tonight and get the chance to, you could always send us
an email, and Dark Soccer always reads through the emails.
But not this week.
Yes, and let us know what you think about Hannah Montana, the game, especially because
I know there's a lot of music gaming fans that listen to this program because of our
history that we did, obviously, a lot with music games in the past.
This is a very interesting, I think a lot of people have said in the past, DDR is starting
to look more and more like a game for little girls.
This doesn't help the music gaming genre break out of that stereotype.
Alright, well let's get back into some gaming news and talk about, we were talking a lot
before we went to Skype about how Sony is kind of getting all these ideas from other
places.
At least it seems like, it feels like, and this story certainly doesn't help.
You remember Afrika?
Afrika!
Afrika!
Afrika!
The game we saw at E3, what, a couple of years ago, that everybody looked at it going, what
the fuck is that?
Well, we still don't know what the fuck that is.
Is it Jamba Safari?
If so, that's fucking rad.
I'm gonna harpoon me and Gazelle.
But apparently the developer said you do not get to attack the animals in Afrika.
Aww.
Otherwise they have said nothing about the game, but there are rumors, again I must stress
rumors because I think this sounds like a load of crap, but the rumor is going out saying
that Sony is supposedly going to be releasing a Wii Fit type touch pad to go with Afrika
to make the Safari experience complete.
Now my question is, how in the fuck does that work?
Do you stand on it and then it just like shakes?
It's rhinoceros approach?
That makes no sense to me whatsoever.
That's why I think this was totally pulled out of somebody's butt.
The other thing too that's also suggesting that Afrika is going to be out in like January.
So I don't think so, since we haven't heard anything about it.
And it's Afrika, I mean.
Well, could they delay it to maybe add something in?
I mean, who knows?
Well, it wouldn't be out before the Wii Fit then, now would it?
Alright.
Just kind of always an interesting story, but I do take it with a huge grain of salt.
Yeah.
Something else that's interesting, part of EA's plan to totally dominate everything that
exists in the world, they are now partnering up with Hasbro to release games based on their
favorite properties, including Monopoly, Risk, and Scrabble, as well as toys including G.I.
Joe, Tonka, Nerf, and Littlest Pet Shop.
They're still doing Littlest Pet Shop?
I didn't even realize there was a Littlest Pet Shop.
Yay?
I don't know, Nerf would be kind of neat, like a first person shooter or Nerf game.
I think they actually have had that before.
I'd put that in a category of good for them.
I wonder if this means Monopoly on Xbox Live Arcade, because that's what we really need.
Not in Scrabble.
No, because then people will never stop playing, because a Monopoly game on average takes about
six hours.
Awesome.
Well, at least you can't have someone cheat as the banker.
True.
Speaking of online games, though, Park Associates, who is big for running those studies on online
activities, said that there are 34% of adult users on the internet playing games, as compared
to 29% on YouTube, and 19% on MySpace and Facebook.
So they have shown a 79% growth in online gaming over the year, and only 46% in social
networking.
So we likes our games.
Keep them going.
On top of that, though, I've noticed a lot of online games have that social aspect already
combined with it.
I'll tell you, half the reason I used to play Ragnarok online was on an internet game, but
half the reason I used to play that or some of the web-based ones, like I did Gaia for
a little bit, was just to chat with people.
I totally believe that casual games are as big as sometimes the hardcore gamers forget
to admit, because again, I use the example of walking around in the workplace and looking
at little cubicles, and so many people playing those freaking PopCap games, like Collapse
and what have you.
It's an incredible business.
They're not supposed to be doing that at work.
Well, they do.
They can do it on their breaks.
Wink, wink.
Not on our breaks at my work.
Aw, that's too bad.
We get stabbed in the head.
Really?
Yeah, really.
That sucks.
It's an HR issue.
All right.
Anyway, well, this might be a future HR issue if you're caught playing this game at work.
It's Super Chick Sisters.
You might have heard of this game this week.
It's from PETA.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals released this game called Super Chick Sisters
as part of their website, KentuckyFriedCruelty.com.
I played the game, and you know what?
I got to tell you, it's not bad.
For a little homebrew cook-up title, it's not bad, and it's very tongue-in-cheek.
It's obvious that the people who made the game know a little something about video games,
because basically, here it is.
The premise of the video game, it's kind of like a Mario Brothers rip-off, but instead
of Mario Brothers, you have a little chicken named Nugget.
Which made me laugh.
And then I think Chickadee, I think was the other one.
No, Chick and Nugget.
Was it?
I don't know.
Well, whatever.
So you have these two things, and I guess Mario and Luigi could not rescue Pamela Anderson,
who's dressed as Princess Toadstool or whatever.
She has been kidnapped by the evil Colonel, and Mario and Luigi are suffering from a case
of Wii-itis, they've been playing too much Nintendo Wii, so their hands are broken.
So they can't go rescue, so they have to rely on Chick and Nugget.
So you go through these Mario-type levels, instead of collecting coins, you collect these
little birds, and then they give you little facts about like, did you play it?
I did play it, and I wish more of my Mario Brothers games would have that, hey, did you
know that they chop the piece off of chickens and don't even do anything?
And did you realize that they boil them alive?
That's so horrible.
Did you know that they put chickens in the incinerator and boil them?
I mean, I was just like, this is amazing.
I mean, I'm kind of like- Parking news, KFC tortures chickens.
Part of me wants to invite PETA on this show, even though they are such a controversial
organization, but part of me goes like, why did you do this?
Why did you make a game out of this?
You do realize there are copyright laws out there?
I mean, there's like, they weren't at all trying to say, oh yeah, it's Larry and Barry
or something, but it's Mario and Luigi, and they have Toad in there, and they use the
Wii, and they're not afraid about that.
In fact, at one point, Mario gets beat up for being cruel to turtles.
Oh my god, you played the level three to get that message, I know.
Yeah, level three was Mario gets beat up by the people for ethical treatment of turtles,
or something like that.
I mean, it's very tongue-in-cheek, but it's funny, and it's, you know, whether you agree
or disagree with PETA, it's kind of an interesting way to get their message across, because my
thing, and the thing I would want to ask PETA, and I swear I'm going to send him an email
this week and try to get him on the show, I want to know is, why did they choose to
make a game out of this to get their message?
Is it because they want to get to that stereotype World of Warcraft player who's doing an all-night
raid with a bucket of wings in his lap?
I mean, are they trying to get those guys to think twice?
The game made me hungry.
What is...
I've got a $5 gift certificate to KFC, and I'm thinking about using me to get me some
chicken to stop.
Oh, stop.
Even if you read all about the torturous ways of hate.
This is kind of funny.
I'm kind of digging this game.
It's interesting, isn't it?
I dig already.
All right, so, yeah, DarkTetsuya in chat says, Nintendo will sue.
Frisbee says, this makes me want KFC even more.
Joshi16 says, but if it's for a good cause, they don't have to care about laws and restrictions.
Just look at gross anti-smoking commercials.
But my question is, you know, PETA is a very controversial organization.
There's a lot of anti-PETA sentiment out there.
They may not want their...
Especially, I don't think they gave...
Obviously, they did not give them permission for this stuff.
It's sort of like, what's the business...
Is it Walmart that doesn't allow anybody out front of their store?
No, it's Target.
Target does not allow anybody out front of their store, no matter who they are.
I mean, it could be Girl Scouts or anything.
They do not allow anybody out front of their store.
It's just to be consistent policy.
You know, they don't want their name tied to any, you know, Republican, Democrat initiative
or whatever it is.
So I think it's Target.
I'm sorry if I'm wrong, but, you know...
I sure as hell know it's not Walmart.
Maybe Nintendo wants to be like that where they don't want to be tied to any organization,
and I somehow doubt they were asked about this.
So, WonderDogHerald says, PETA, as usual, likes to appeal to children for their tactics.
People eating tasty animals.
Alright.
Anyways.
If you guys keep saying stuff like that, they're not going to want to come on the show.
I gotta...
I like chicken!
I want to get peed on the show.
Freshly decapitated.
I didn't get the whole pipe level.
That frustrated me, and I turned it off.
Yeah, level 3 was...
I stopped at level 3, too.
It was too hard to figure out.
A little over the top.
Someone needs some better level design.
Again, for a homebrew game, which essentially is, it's not bad.
I mean, it's obvious a lot of effort went into this.
It wasn't... that's what surprised me most about it, is that it wasn't cheaply put together.
That was what I think makes this newsworthy.
It wasn't some dumb, crappy little Flash game.
They actually put a little effort into this, and that's what made it...
The kernel, the spider robot, and someone put in a news article that the kernel wears
a Bowser mask at the end of the game as the spider robot.
So I didn't get that far, but I don't know.
Interesting.
Ubisoft is now talking about a brand new top secret game that they have in development.
That's going to be focusing on user-generated content.
I guess you could kind of compare it to LittleBigPlanet or something of that sort.
Anyways, it will allow gamers to support their creations across platforms, sending out pie
in the sky meters, or it was apparently according to Joyce, it gets sending their pie in the
sky meters off the charts.
But I don't know, great, I think a lot more companies are going to start kind of taking
this stance and allowing more user-created content instead of banning that.
I mean, look at Forza 2 with the whole creating cars, Halo 3 with the new videos that they're
uploading.
Hell, even before that with Burnout.
Revenge where you can upload your gameplay footage and stuff.
Sing Star where you're going to be able to do the same thing.
So something that we're probably going to see more of.
All right, well, Dark Soccer likes to surf the internet up and down every single week
and choose a website of her liking to share with all of you.
And we call it her website of the week, and I'm curious what Dark Soccer has picked out
for the kids this week.
Let's play the music and see.
The website of the week is PETAKillsAnimals.com.
What Rob?
Oh boy, there went our chances of getting PETA on the show.
All right.
It's basically, actually their most recent news were about the recent PETA trial in North
Carolina for animal cruelty.
Basically they had to submit the numbers of the amount of animals that they had actually
killed involved in their research.
They have on their, I actually, I remember some of this from being on Penn & Tiller's
Bullshit recently.
It was a great show by the way.
Where one of the charges on their inventories was for a walk-in freezer that cost $9,370.
So now I'm going to bring up that show because they actually went and did the size of one
of them.
So we're talking about for a walk-in freezer that would cost that much, it would be twice
the size of the room that we're in right now, a bedroom, seeing how much meat you would
store in a walk-in freezer.
What about vegetables?
Well, no.
Vegetables need refrigeration.
That's a lot of frozen peas.
But there was, there's just quite a bit on here about, you know, exactly what they spelled.
The head of PETA is actually on, you know how they say, oh, well don't use this medication
because it was tested on animals?
The head of PETA is actually on insulin that was, the research was done on animal testing
and derived from animal products.
I just thought it was very interesting.
There's pretty much a company run by hypocrites, but it will.
Well I guess we always have to have a counterpoint, every point made on the show, so there you
have it.
All right, anyhow, let's talk a little bit about Squeenix.
We love Squeenix and they are opening their brand new store online on August 20th and
they even have a time, 6 p.m. Pacific time.
There's going to be a brand new online shop opening up and it's supposed to have Squeenix
collectibles, model kits, and clothing accessories, and I wonder if that means buttons or if you'll
be able to buy a full cosplay on the website, that would be pretty awesome.
Probably some of those Final Fantasy XII action figures like the Balthier one which I have
in, because Balthier is very awesome in Final Fantasy XII.
So if you're a Squeenix fan, I'm sure you're going to be hitting up their website on August
20th, 2007.
Unfortunately I don't recall exactly where the website is located, but I'm sure if you
go to Squeenix's website at Squeenix.com, there'll be a link right there when the store
opens.
So be on the lookout for it.
Well if in case you're wondering what those large hard drives are for on the PlayStation
3, well wonder no more.
Actually they are going to be releasing a digital tuner for recording TV and it's supposed
to be unveiled at Lipzig here pretty soon.
So this has been confirmed by 3Speech, their semi-official blog for Sony.
All right, well in other news, they are talking about the chip manufacturers that are behind
the Wii shortage.
Nintendo wants to up production from what I'm understanding, but they are not able to
get the chips they need still.
The ones who are making the components are saying that if it keeps up like that, they're
not going to be able to keep up with the demand.
Hmm, I'm not surprised.
All right, well talking about Electronic Arts for a minute, going on over to Macintosh gaming,
you know Mac sometimes gets a bad rap because they don't really have a lot of games on it,
but you might have heard early in the year EA is supposed to be kind of helping out a
little bit more.
And EA has actually shipped four games for the Macintosh.
They've shipped Battlefield 2142, Need for Speed Carbon, Harry Potter and the Order of
the Phoenix, and Command and Conquer 3, Tiberium Wars.
So for those of you saying there are no games available on the Mac, well there's four pretty
big titles right there, especially Command and Conquer 3, a lot of people love their
Command and Conquer.
So there you have it.
In fact, I got a message earlier this week online asking if I played Command and Conquer
and if I wanted to play and I said no, you'd have to ask the Loki because I don't really
play that.
No, no, Command and Conquer 3.
So there you have it.
I didn't play it though.
Anyways, let's see.
I was going to say there's been some interesting stuff going on in the whole EA Wikipedia article
there.
Apparently some EA staffers have been changing a little bit of history on there, removing
key facts about their company, some stuff that they may not be too proud of, and it's
been pretty interesting.
They've actually traced back the IP address used to make those changes back to EA.
And I guess they've been responsible for one-third of the changes made on there of the 1351 changes.
Those are from EA.
And of course, many of those though have been reversed by the Wikipedia community.
EA did come out and say they've actually, they sometimes update websites with info about
company games and employees.
For example, EA has sent a correction to Yahoo Finance when they had misspelled the name
of an EA executive.
Many companies routinely post updates on websites like Wikipedia to ensure accuracy of their
own corporate information.
However, I think deleting information that is negative about your company's past is not
exactly following that.
It's basically just...
That's poor ethics.
Yeah, it's hiding the bad spots.
Like Wikipedia doesn't allow you to edit an article that's up about yourself, right?
Yeah, in fact that is a major violation.
Like for instance, I don't touch the OLR article.
There is an Orange Orange Radio article on Wikipedia, how it survived this long against
their notability rules, I have no idea, but hey, it's there.
Probably because I guess since we were lucky enough to have the news articles, then there's
been other sources about us, but whatever.
I've never touched the article, although I'm always fascinated reading the updates and
the work that other people have put into it.
But I just won't touch it because I'm like, well that's kind of weird.
Like there's things I want to go fix in it, like some of the shows that aren't on anymore.
I fixed grammatical errors.
Did you?
I guess I have.
I guess that's different.
Grammatical errors is one thing, but I don't touch it because, I don't know, it's weird.
Some folks in chat are saying, you're welcome.
You're welcome.
Joshi16 says, Wikipedia is becoming corporate propaganda machine.
Interesting.
Interesting perspective.
You know, that's not the only Wikipedia thing I read about this week.
I heard that the, was it the ESA supposedly was going onto Wikipedia and had edited some
articles on like abandonware and stuff too, and they were deleting things.
Like there's some IPs traced back.
I want to say I read something about that somewhere.
I think I remember that too, yeah.
So kind of interesting, all this Wikipedia information that's come out this week.
I think ours needs a bit of an update.
I was just looking at it.
Yeah, it probably needs a small update, but I don't want to do it myself.
So maybe a kind listener will go in there and clean it up.
We'll see.
Anyways, let's see.
Well, actually, I had a little bit of news in regards to stuff coming out on the Virtual
Console and the PSP.
There is actually a Castlevania II, Simon's Quest.
It has actually been rated for a Wii release.
And LucasArts is bringing out Indiana Jones to the PSP, tentatively titled as Indiana
Jones 2008, but it's not Lego.
Dude, I wonder if it's based on the old Indiana Jones arcade game.
That game was pretty awesome.
That would be rad.
Well, they did have, was it that Indiana Jones game that was being worked on by LucasArts,
the one that was supposed to be all, you know.
That was the Indiana Jones 2008.
Yeah, but still this could be something like that, or maybe tying in with the new Indiana
Jones movie.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Harrison Ford is too old.
He's never too old.
They'll make him a robot.
Well, I guess if Bruce Willis can do it, Harrison Ford can.
Alright, well, one more story for you guys before we get into some last minute stories
tonight.
Dementium, The War, is a brand new game coming out for the DS, and I think what kind of sets
this apart from most other games is it's kind of like, I guess you could call it like Silent
Hilly, scary, bloody, gross, rated mature for the DS, and it's coming out on Halloween.
October 31st is the release date for this game, Dementium, and it's, I guess it's actually
based off an independent title by Renegade Kid, and Dementium is a mature rated game,
and it looks like it's going to be kind of like, you know, that type Silent Hill horror
type game.
I was actually thinking of the Call of Cthulhu game.
Well, remember they have that one with a touch to the dead a while back that was also a mature
rated title that was more of a shooter, but I think around the same side, Insecticides
was supposed to be coming out on the DS as well, so that one was pretty cool.
That was that adventure game that was kind of film noir, but with insects.
We don't see a lot of survival horror on the DS nonetheless, so kind of interesting.
It looks good.
I haven't seen too much on this game, but I'm always interested in more survival horror
games, because they always succeed in scaring the pants off of me.
So there you have it.
Let's go around and see if there's any last minute stories here in studio.
We would have done the Skype line right now, but of course since we're afraid, I guess
the live listeners are still connected.
It's 805, and the maintenance was supposed to happen at 8 o'clock, but we're still on
air, so.
Breaking news.
We're still here.
I guess so.
We're going to try and keep going until they turn off the lights on us, so let's go around
and get any last minute stories, then we'll open up the Skype line a little longer until
we get booted.
I don't know if any more calls will come in, but we'll see.
Okay.
I've got some last minute stories.
Ninja Gaiden 2 is going to be debuting on the Xbox 360, and with PlayStation 3 coming
later on, it's supposed to debut at Tokyo Game Show.
That is the rumor coming from GameSpot Korea, so it'll be interesting to check that out.
Let's see here, Halo 3 of course nearing completion, almost gold right now, and there's been some
interesting details on this new Bungie Pro program that's going to be happening, and
basically what Bungie Pro is, is it's going to be a, anyone that has a copy of Halo 3
and a gold subscription will be allocated six slots, or 25 megabytes of space to upload
gameplay videos and whatnot.
Now if you decide to purchase Bungie Pro, what you'll get is 250 megabytes across 24
slots and it'll be worth 750 points, which is going to be good for one year, so that's
kind of interesting.
If you're really into your gameplay shots, then that might be something to look forward
to.
Another thing, according to V Jump, there's a scan of some new Hudson Soft games called
Deca Sporta, and it looks kind of like Wii Sports a little bit, they've got, it looks
like Go Kart Racing, they actually have Archery, and it looks like Tennis of course, and Basketball,
so that's kind of cool, oh and Volleyball.
Let's see what else here, Halo the movie has been apparently reconfirmed that it's coming
and is apparently already filming in New Zealand.
Bullshit, yeah that's what I'm thinking too, this is coming from XboxFamily.com, so I don't
believe it, but we'll see, that it?
There's one other thing, I heard some interesting stuff this week, a game I did not realize
was coming out this fall, apparently, was it Kingdom of Fire, Circle of Doom is supposed
to be coming out in early December, I thought that was coming out in 2008.
Speaking of upcoming games, what have you heard about Two Worlds, anything?
It's just like Oblivion, but with online multiplayer as well, you can play quests online with people
to co-op.
I've been curious about that game, very curious, and of course it's coming out the same week
as Bioshock, so it's going to be a tough week, but I actually was very curious about that
game, thinking about picking it up, but I wish there was a demo online or something
like that.
Well let me go this way, apparently it's supposed to be pretty cool, and they've gone to great
details in it, in fact they've actually motion captured bunnies that are in the game, rad!
And the day and night cycles are supposed to be pretty cool, and I don't know, it's
kind of like Oblivion, but it's all third person, and I don't really know much beyond
that.
It looks cool, but I think unfortunately it's coming out the same week as Bioshock.
It would have been a different audience.
It originally was supposed to come out last week, which would have been perfect, because
it's Madden and that, and that would have been a pretty good game to pick up if you're
not into Madden.
Well, but a lot of people aren't into first person shooters either, like I said at the
top of the show, I may think Bioshock is amazing, but I still kind of am first person shooters.
Maybe you can buy Bioshock, I'll buy Two Worlds and we can trade off later, that would be
fun.
I'll see.
Alright.
Jamie, do you have any last minute stories tonight?
I'm actually looking at old games right now.
Looking at old school stuff?
Star Parodia.
Any particular reason?
Because someone mentioned Star Soldier, and I was like no no no no no no, you need to
play Star Parodia.
Only game where you can play as a flying PC Engine, the Vic Viper, or Bomberman in the
same game.
Alright, well I have some very quick last minute news for you guys.
Footy Monster was sending me a link, apparently the Bioshock PC demo is coming out tomorrow
at 7 o'clock Eastern Standard Time, that would be 4 o'clock Pacific.
So the Bioshock PC demo is coming out, this is according to a post from the 2K Games forum,
so it is probably legit.
You can of course download it at most of the usual suspect sites, but something to think
about, you probably want to make sure you have the latest drivers for your video card
before you download that big old game, otherwise you might be sorry.
Maybe I'll get Bioshock for the PC over the 360, who knows, but then again I want achievement
points because of achievement points.
I don't think it's going to run that well on PC, at least not on our PC.
Probably not on my PC, that's true.
One other thing to speak about here, Nintendo Power has apparently given Metroid Prime 3
a 10 out of 10.
Wow, really?
A Nintendo Run magazine giving their game a 10 out of 10?
That's so surprising.
Hold on, because something that the story notes is that you may or may not remember,
but Ocarina of Time only got a 9.5 from Nintendo Power, so the fact they gave this a 10 out
of 10 does make your eyebrow raise a little bit.
Oh wow, okay, so a 9.5, because that's really different than a 10.
It's almost perfect, but Metroid, that's perfect.
Really do you think they would have to sell more of Ocarina of Time?
I think that game sells itself, whereas Metroid Prime maybe needs a little help to be selling
some of those units.
Yeah, I know.
I don't know if it's especially newsworthy because it is a Nintendo magazine, but I will
be very impressed if it starts getting more perfect reviews from other places.
Even the official Xbox magazine sometimes rags on some of the releases.
I want to say I read some review.
I think they gave Track and Field a 3 on the Xbox Live Arcade, which I don't know.
For some people it might have been too high of a score, and a lot of folks are giving
Bioshock, of course, very high scores.
Joshi16 in chat is pointing out that Bioshock got a 10 out of 10 from the original Xbox
magazine, but is that really a shock?
Is it?
Who knows?
Nintendo Maniac 64 says Ocarina of Time's negative 0.5 was from Navi.
Listen, listen, listen, goddammit, listen!
All right, well, that pretty much does it for all the stories tonight.
I don't really think we have anything else.
I opened up the Skype line and told the chat they could call in.
I'll give one more shout if you guys want to get through 1-877, because I guess they're
still live and still going, 1-877-GAME-OLR or Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Call!
We'll see.
If not...
Ah, there we go.
We're getting some calls now.
Just takes a little bit.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Oh, see, because you missed the first wave.
What's on your mind, Zaku?
Nah, I just came back from 8 on the break.
How was that?
Just had a little 2DX tournament today, managed to be some chumps and, you know, distorted.
But yeah, Champions of the Coast wasn't so bad this weekend.
You're always going to some tournament on the East Coast, it seems like.
Actually, it's my first 2DX tournament.
Wow, well, how was the 2DX tournament set up?
Was it fun?
Yeah, it was pretty good.
I mean, there were, you know, we didn't have to qualify since there were not, you know,
not that many people to actually, I mean, there was a lot of people, but not enough
to actually warrant one, so it was just random seating, but yeah, it was just having to go
through people and just playing on, you know, from particular sides.
I didn't know you were much of a BeatMania 2DX player.
Of course, man, but yeah, I've also, but if there's anything that would make that whole
weekend is just seeing a 2DX freestyle.
A 2DX freestyle?
Yes.
How did that work?
The break is the only place we can freestyle any machine, any of their music or dancing
machines.
Well, who did that and what did they do?
They did Tangerine Streams, some sort of, you know, homoerotic stuff, no offense, but
there were two guys just like, you know, one with the long hair, just petting them while
they were hitting the keys, you know, petting his hair and pressing it up.
Interesting.
Yeah, that's what I think.
Okay, I'm going to challenge you this week.
Tell me something in your gaming week that has nothing to do with music games.
What other kinds of games do you play?
I don't know.
I'm just thinking about a 360, but since, you know, the failure rate's too high, I don't
know if Bioshock or anything like, you know, Halo 3 Gears of War would just be, would just
outweigh all the risks in just buying a 360 in the first place.
Dude, you're the second caller tonight to tell us that the failure rate issues are making
you contemplate the 360.
That's making me nervous.
It's interesting.
And God forbid a PS3, and I know I don't want to pick the latter, so I don't really have
that much of a choice right now.
As a person who personally owns multiple Xbox 360 systems and has never had one crap out
for heat issues, I don't know what the hell people are talking about.
I mean seriously, okay, maybe your system, okay, maybe you may have, you know, the unlikely
situation where your system craps out.
Who gives a shit?
You have a fucking three year warranty on the heat related issues.
It gets replaced within a couple weeks.
That's the issue.
They're making me wait two, three weeks just to get, just to get a new one.
Boo fucking who?
That's what I have to fucking say about that.
I don't, I don't get why Sony can make a PS3 that craps out, you know, at a blue moon,
and 360s is like what, like four in ten consoles, like what, one in four consoles are breaking
out?
Come on.
How do we know that their console won't crap out?
There hasn't been enough games to play on it that have fucking actually done anything.
I mean the reason why the systems crap out for the 360, I think a lot of people are putting
these in their entertainment cabinets and they're just doing stupid shit with them.
And okay, let's say for example that there is something wrong with, you know, the heat
sink on the chip.
All the new consoles now have the upgraded heat sinks on them.
If you happen to get an older one by some magical, you know, mistake, they will fix
it within a couple weeks and that will be the end of your problems altogether.
Why waiting two weeks for something is a big deal.
Okay, okay.
But I don't want to be, I don't want to have those horror, I don't want to be, play out
the horror stories of having to go through eight, ten consoles just to get it right.
I mean it's just, it's just, it's retarded to just have to go through multiple consoles.
You're not, hold on, shut up for a minute.
I died, not used that good, but look.
I did have an Xbox 360 that did crap out on me after four days and I was so fucking pissed
when it happened.
You remember on this program I was blah, blah, blah, don't you fucking buy a 360 because
they'll fucking die on you, blah, blah, blah.
I was so pissed when it happened, but I'm over it.
I mean they were quick, they got, they got the job done.
I mean it didn't take two or three weeks.
I had it back that week.
Did they pay for shipping?
Did they pay for everything?
Did they pay for shipping, you know, they sent me a box, they sent me a coffin to send
it back in.
I heard they don't do that anymore.
I think they still do.
That's the thing, then I have to incur charges when I should be.
You're not going to incur any charges, then you're talking about like they're going to
have to replace the system eight times.
If that were the case, they wouldn't be selling millions of fucking consoles.
This wouldn't be like a hot selling item.
You already have that happening to certain people.
Here's what the problem is, you hear fucking idiots on the god damn internet that bitch
like fucking little babies about their fucking console breaking, and everyone's like, oh
my god, all of them are breaking all at once.
Don't give me that bullshit.
I have a migraine now.
All right.
Okay.
Hold on.
Here's my other thought, though, is that what about that the new Xbox 360s have like the
new chips in them or whatever?
That's yet to be seen.
I mean, if those are if those break out less, you know, like, you know, once in a blue moon
or they're very, very rare, then I'll hop on it, you know, you know, at the top of the
hat.
I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what.
Drew Nami in chat says, Loki, you need to fag your anger.
I'll tell you what.
Fine.
You can go ahead and skip buying a 360.
I'll enjoy playing Bioshock.
You can go ahead and wait for the next big game to come out for the PlayStation.
Oh, I'm sure I'll be next year sometime.
I would say he could get it on PC, but he has a Mac, right?
I'm building a new PC anyway, so that's going to be happening a few days once I start ordering
the parts.
I've already set aside a good 15, 1600 for so it's come the PC can hold me for now.
And then hopefully by Christmas, once we know whether the new heat sinks will actually make
a difference, then I'll think about, well, the PC might hold you, but will it give it
the reach around?
Oh, no.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la.
And on that note, look, Zaku, I appreciate the springer-fied call that this show got,
but we appreciate the perspective.
Yes.
Sorry, Zaku.
Time's up.
Take care though.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
I can have new calls?
Seriously.
Seriously.
People talking about fucking heat sinks and issues with it.
This is more than just Zaku though.
This is your pent up anger at all the internet blogs and people across the entire internet
that have made people like Zaku.
I don't know what the fuck they want.
I mean, they've already decided, they've already made revisions to fix this problem.
They have a three-year fucking warranty on it.
What the hell more do you want?
I mean, if you're Sony PlayStation 3 craps out on you, good luck in it fixed.
Maybe you could like do my dishes.
I don't know.
It'd be pretty awesome.
I don't know.
It's just, it's stupid.
It really is.
All right.
Another call.
One more call, then this is it.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
It's Paradox Vincent.
Hello, Paradox Vincent.
What's on your mind?
Hey.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
Not bad.
Not much.
Just calling in after a while.
I haven't been able to really listen to the show live, but finally got sat down and sit
down and talk to you guys again.
Yeah.
Well, what's up?
Was there a story tonight you wanted to comment on?
I did play the Kentucky Fried Cruelty Chicken Game, and it was pretty good.
It's definitely better than a lot of charity organizations putting up web games on there.
It was fun and stuff.
It was certainly better than most politically oriented games, and even better than a lot
of Homebrew, which, oh, I can't believe.
I'm so sorry, Paradox Vincent.
I've got to go on a tangent for a minute.
Did you hear about the Homebrew that was on the DS that was like, avoid the gay mob or
whatever it is?
You control the little character, and then if you get hit by the mob, it goes, oh, you
got hit by a gay person.
Game over.
It's huge.
It's been hitting all these websites because it's like, oh my gosh, homophobia in the Homebrew
scene.
I just kind of read it going, well, there's idiots everywhere.
The unfortunate thing is that when you give this guy attention, unfortunately, more people
are going to seek this game out and play it.
Not just people who like gay guys who want to play it and laugh at it for being stupid,
which I admit I was tempted to do, but I didn't.
But then you're also going to have people that inadvertently read about this through
sites like MTV or whatever that report on it going, yeah, I do hate gays.
I want to play this game, and I want to find this guy who made this game and help him make
a better game.
I don't know.
I don't think we should give these kinds of things any attention whatsoever.
So maybe I shouldn't have said anything about it at all, but I just thought the whole thing
was very interesting, and the Homebrew was really bad.
It's really bad.
Anyway, sorry, Paradox.
Really bad, Homebrew.
Yes, really bad.
So, okay, back to the PETA game.
What do you think was their motivations for making it?
You know, it's either what you said in trying to kind of target the video game playing audience
and tell them, hey, Kentucky Fried Chicken is bad, or they could have just been seeking
out a new media to get their message out, and then they noticed that web games are pretty
popular.
So then they just chose that route, which, I mean, there are certain things that I like
to convey more through music and film that it's not necessarily targeting a specific
audience but just kind of getting things views out there, so it could have just been that.
What I'm also curious about, because it kind of got me thinking about it, is that if they
chose to do this to connect with a gaming audience, it kind of worked, didn't it?
Because all the major gaming blogs reported on it, and I probably would have never heard
of this game had it not been posted, like all these different blogs are on the internet.
So in a way, it kind of worked, and it kind of did get their message out there, huh?
Here's the thing.
It got the attention because it's on all these game blogs.
You know they're going to get a cease and desist for this.
That's going to be even more attention for them.
Do you think?
I don't think they will.
I think they will.
All right, we'll see.
I wouldn't know.
All right.
Well, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight, Paradox Vincent?
Yes, two things, and I'll try to get them done real quick.
Quick guitar hero, 80s review.
Great song list.
I love almost every song in there, and they gave me a couple new favorite songs, but they're
just really kind of not great charts, especially the turning Japanese chart was really boring,
but I guess it's Activision's first real take at a music game, to my understanding, and
hopefully they'll be getting better by the time Guitar Hero 3 comes out.
This is Harmonic's third game, Guitar Hero was, so they already knew what they were doing
a lot.
Also, I don't know if anybody's heard, but there is a 2DEX gold machine in Arizona right
now as of probably about a month and a half ago, and it's at Mesa Golf Land, Sun Splash,
and the one-player turntable right now, though, is broke or stolen or something as I know
it.
That I would have never have guessed, because Mesa Golf Land is just like Roseville Golf
Land.
It's huge and it has the water park, if I remember right, and everything.
And they might be getting a popin' music machine, but they just said mics.
I'm hoping they will, though, so that's really all.
All right, well, thanks so much for the call.
Appreciate it, Paradox Vincent.
You have a great week, okay?
All right, you guys too.
All right, later.
See ya.
Have lots of fun playing the 2DEX gold machine, that's for sure.
You know what's funny, though, is I think the PD game worked in reverse for me, because
I forgot about, you know, KFC, you know, they kind of fell off my radar as far as food options.
I'm like, you know, hey, KFC sounds kind of good right now.
I was sort of thinking about getting fried chicken on the way home.
You guys.
I'm a southern girl.
I grew up on fried chicken and grits.
Here's one thing I do love about KFC, is that most of them-
Biscuits.
No, no, no, no.
Most of them have A&Ws attached to them.
Biscuits.
A&W root beer is the bomb when it comes out of the tap.
Biscuits.
There was one time- Biscuits and honey.
All right, biscuits.
We get it.
There was one time I passed it up and I really wanted to do it.
They were selling root beer in gallon jugs, like the mojo.
They were.
I was like, whoa.
I remember that.
That's good shit.
They were big things.
They were root beer right out of the tap.
Wow.
And Julie and I got three of them and drank them in a night.
It was fantastic.
It was diet reaper.
Quick comments from the recent phone call there.
We're still live.
It's been 25 minutes since the maintenance was supposed to start.
We're still live.
Hey, hey.
God damn life.
You thought I'm screwing us all up.
Oh, well.
Have you had any sort of retraction notices or anything?
I don't know.
I'm not even going to bother with it.
No, they were smart.
They would just say that they're taking the service offline for a while to protest the
whole law going in place, even though they were doing maintenance.
Don't even get me started.
You know, I don't see anything about it.
Let me see.
I'm going to check this over.
Meanwhile, raw steel UT says, Rob, it didn't work.
We're still going to eat KFC.
I don't know, but if a couple people changed their mind, maybe some people would tell you
it was worth it.
And I showed it to another friend of mine, and another friend of mine played it and said,
oh, wow, you know, I don't want KFC anymore.
The only thing I'm pissed off about KFC is they got rid of their chicken livers.
I used to love those things, and they used to have, I think, some sweet and sour sauce,
and I think they got rid of that stuff too.
I love their sweet and sour sauce.
Josie 16 says, I'm going to order fried chicken right now to protest.
I used to get their chicken livers all the time.
They came in a big bucket.
You get gravy with it.
Oh, my God, that was so good.
You need to have the chicken livers at Roscoe's, though.
All right.
That's going to do it for tonight's show.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Loki, we'll start off with you tonight.
Your final thought.
I get some Bioshock next week, and that makes me happy.
My final thought is ow, tooth, hurt, hate, dentist, cry.
Darsarha, your final thought.
I think I want some chicken liver right now.
All right.
Thank you, guys, for tuning in and listening to us tonight.
Thank you to all the live listeners, and sorry the maintenance didn't happen to what was
supposed to happen.
Very interesting.
No, I'm surprised that PETA hasn't shut down our peep jousting tournaments that we do once
in a while because, you know, marshmallow chickens, they're still chickens.
All right.
Well, that's it, guys.
Thank you so much, especially to you podcast folks, also thank you for downloading us and
supporting our show, and thank you for all the positive reviews that some of you left
on iTunes.
We always really appreciate stuff like that.
And thank you for supporting the show, you know, and if you love Orange Lounge Radio,
we do it for free.
We don't put ads in the show.
Tell two people you know about Orange Lounge Radio, and that's how we spread the word.
Take a step up.
Three people.
Independent radio needs your support in order to survive because we don't have any major
magazines we can run ads in or anything like that.
So that's it.
I'll get off my high horse now and sign off.
Goodbye, Loki.
Goodbye, Dark Sakura.
Goodbye, me.
See you next week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio visits Orange Lounge Productions.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
