Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loko.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet. Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And yes, our show is a little bit broken tonight. I mean we were off for a week due to a studio move.
Meaning that the studio we used to record in is no more. It's gone.
And we're actually in a temporary location tonight. We call it Studio Loki.
And it's brought to us by the one and only Tech Master Loki who is also here on the program tonight.
Yes it is.
How are you doing Loki?
I'm doing okay and I'm still trying to untangle this microphone cord, but that's okay.
That's right. So if you notice some things are a little bit different tonight, like our opening was not its usual self.
And you know some other things, the sound might be a little bit different than what you're used to.
This is why, because we're in our temporary home. I'll get more into that in just a moment.
But I also want to introduce our other guests tonight. Say hello to Miklotov.
Wouldn't I be the first guest tonight? Because you said the other guest and you just introduced Loki.
One of our other guests. I'm sorry. I'm totally out of it tonight.
Obviously. Hello.
All right. And also say hello. Gosh, you're mean tonight. And say hello to another guest.
Extifer.
But it's fitting though, right? I mean, Shane's always mean.
I'm always mean.
All right. And I'm sure you guys are probably asking what happened to Dark Zagrow? Where is she?
Oh my God. What happened to her? Oh my God.
Actually, she's had some family issues this week. She had a death in the family, unfortunately.
So she's tending to those issues tonight. So obviously our thoughts are with her.
So yet another reason why our show is in chaos tonight is that, you know, Jamie had to pull out at the last second, which we can obviously understand.
But she should be back next week with us here at Orange Lawn Radio.
But I know the listeners and ourselves. We're all thinking her and her family this week.
Meanwhile, let's talk about what's going on with the show is that basically we moved.
And of course, the show taped out of the spare bedroom at the apartment I used to share with Extifer.
Well, we've moved on and Extifer's moved and I've moved into a new house.
And the cool thing is, is that we're going to tape out of the garage now. So it's going to be like this huge studio.
But here's the problem. We tried to call Comcast to get an appointment like a week before we moved.
Like just after we taped the last show and they said they would not come out until like August 7th.
So we were screwed with no internet. It has been hell trying to have internet at the house for this week.
There's been like nothing. Stolen Wi-Fi. That's it. And we couldn't broadcast a show off of stolen Wi-Fi.
So we had to move to a temporary home this week. So that's why we're at Studio Loki tonight.
And things are a little crazy.
Yeah.
But that's OK. We didn't want to go two weeks of not having a show.
I mean, because we seriously considered it because of everything going on with Jamie and going on at the other studio.
But we just didn't want to have to go two weeks with no show because that can sometimes be suicide for listeners and everything.
We really appreciate those of you guys sticking with us.
Of course, we are in chat. We have everything up. We should hopefully still have Skype line tonight.
Chat.orangelandraday.com if you want to join us in the chat room.
And of course, lots of gaming news tonight.
Loki's got something really big he wants to talk about in Part B. It's going to be really cool.
So we'll talk about that a little later.
And all right. Let's get into how was your gaming week.
So we'll start off. How was your gaming week, Loki?
Extremely busy. That's basically how I can describe it.
I played so much crap over the last few days, or actually the last couple of weeks, that it's just ridiculous.
Well, let's start off with the PSP stuff.
I went back and played through a little bit more of WTF.
And that game is weird. The more games I unlock, the weirder the game gets.
And it's awesome, though. I recommend checking it out. It's probably dirt cheap by now.
Another game I played actually just came out in the UK called State Shift.
It's kind of a futuristic racing game.
I guess a little bit like Wipeout, but it's with cars or these futuristic vehicles.
Didn't care for it too much. The cars drive like giant bricks with rockets on them.
And it was impossible to make corners and stuff.
So not a game I would pick up, but then again, I'm not in the UK, so it doesn't matter.
Final Fantasy, I finished it finally, and I'm so glad I'm finished with it,
because those new dungeons that they added on with the PlayStation 1 release, it's just crap.
It's just like, oh, we need some dungeons, quick, let's make some.
I mean, and they have no continuity whatsoever, just crap.
And I was so pissed off at the game, so that's done.
Final Fantasy II, I played it for about five minutes, turned it off, because I didn't want to play it anymore.
The battle system is just not good.
What? I love Final Fantasy II. I played it on the Game Boy Advance a lot. You don't like it?
I don't like it.
But you know, for me though, I think Final Fantasy XI takes a lot from Final Fantasy II,
like in regards to the whole job systems and stuff, the way you kind of level your characters.
Maybe I'll try it again, but yeah.
I love Final Fantasy II. I think it's more fun than Final Fantasy I.
I can't wait to play the PSP port.
Wait, so you have Final Fantasy II on PSP, and you're not playing it?
Yeah.
I think you should let me have it for a little while.
Might be fun. I have no internet at home. Take pity on me.
Maybe.
Alright.
Anyways, so beyond the PSP, on the 360, I played quite a few things, including some demos.
I tried the demo for Beautiful Katamari, which a lot of people don't know is actually out there.
It's not on live, but if you happen to subscribe to the official Xbox magazine,
there is a demo disc for Beautiful Katamari in the September issue.
It is extremely short. It's only three minutes long, but goddamn do I want that game.
It's beautiful.
How beautiful Katamari.
The other thing, let's see, I played Darkness.
That one looks okay. It looks like a pretty good game.
The demo kind of sucked, though.
I don't know. Not what I'm going to buy, but I'd probably rent it.
I did buy Overlord, and that game I played the demo of, and I thought,
oh, I'm probably going to get pretty bored of this really quick.
Actually, I'm pretty surprised.
I've been playing it quite a bit, and at first you're like,
well, maybe it should be slightly good because then the townsfolk will help you out with stuff.
Then eventually they start pissing you off, and I think that they programmed that game that way on purpose.
So I just go through the towns and basically kill everybody, and I can do that over and over.
I've got my wenches, and it's awesome.
And then, let's see, I also, on the PlayStation 3, I got my import copy of Wengen Midnight.
And that's pretty cool.
The game itself, though, graphically looks like a PlayStation 2 game.
That's probably the only disappointing thing about it.
Otherwise, I guess it's exactly like the arcade game.
Do you think they were originally building it for PlayStation 2 and just decided to...
It came out for PlayStation 2 last year, but it's not...
I mean, the graphics, if you were to put it up against Knee for Speed or Juiced or something like that,
it would horribly fail.
It's just, I don't know.
It kind of went a little lazy there, but otherwise, it's an okay game.
Worth checking out a little bit more.
Unfortunately, the whole story mode in the game is all Japanese, so I don't really understand any of it.
But I figure it's just racing, so it can't be that hard.
God, I know there was some other stuff I played, but I can't remember.
Those are basically the main things.
All right, moving on.
MyGamingWeek, and I'm looking at chatroom at chat.orangelandrater.com.
Jvmon says, Skye must be dying without World of Warcraft.
You know, I wasn't until I heard all the news from BlizzCon this week, which we'll get into in a little bit.
Nexfer is going to give us a report because he was there at BlizzCon.
And then when I heard all of that, I was like, I have to give my character to 70.
But before BlizzCon happened, I was doing okay with no World of Warcraft, because I was busy moving.
Like, you know, when you have all this stuff, you've got to get out of another place.
And believe me, I have a lot of crap, okay? I have a lot of crap.
So moving that kind of kept me busy and kept my mind off, wow.
But when I did finally get everything settled in and I had no internet, that didn't leave a whole lot to play.
So I went back to old PlayStation 2 games that I never really finished,
and the first one that came to mind was Kingdom Hearts 2,
because I played that game quite a ways in before the first time I played it, and then just kind of stopped.
So I'm just restarting that, and I pretty much caught up to where I was.
And, you know, Kingdom Hearts 2, yeah, I guess its biggest downfall is that the battle system is kind of a bit of button mashing,
and it's nothing that intuitive.
But I'll be damned if you don't just kind of immerse yourself in the world,
and the way they tie things together is so great.
And the voice acting is pretty darn good, except for Aerith, I hate her.
And everything else, the music and the graphics and the full motions, it's a great game.
One of my favorite PlayStation 2 games.
I remember the other game I played, Heavenly Sword on PlayStation 3, I played the demo for that.
Oh, the demo, how was that?
It was very short, again, but it kind of reminds me a little bit of God of War,
but it's a whole lot of button mashing, it seems like, because it's basically two buttons that you do certain moves with,
and you can switch your weapon up a little bit.
But, I don't know, I'm probably going to pick it up, just because there's not a whole lot coming out for the PlayStation 3,
so, you know, it's worth my money.
Interesting comment, Dark Tetsuya says, Kingdom Hearts 3 should use something along the lines of Final Fantasy 12.
Final Fantasy 12 did have a pretty awesome battle system, but I don't know if it would work in the Kingdom Hearts universe.
But a lot of people think that Kingdom Hearts 3 is going to be different, because I believe the creator has said,
Kingdom Hearts 3 is not Kingdom Hearts 3, it's something else in the Kingdom Hearts universe.
So, we'll see, it's still a ways out before they announce anything.
Raven's Dolphin in chat says, Sky got so much stuff, moving a lot of gay porn books takes a lot of space.
You would know, Raven's Dolphin, you would.
Mikotov, how was your gaming week? What kind of games did you play this week?
Well, I'll start with Sunday, I was at Comic Con, so...
I was going to ask you to give us the Comic Con reports, since you weren't here last week. How was that?
Boring. I don't like comics.
Why did you go to Comic Con?
I went for Heroes and Battlestar, and I was happy with both of those.
But I got to play Silent Hill Origins, and I haven't played that since it was the behind the shoulder camera.
And it's actually looking really good, and it was really fun.
It wasn't really scary, because it's in a bright room with a lot of people, and you're playing it on a PSP.
But whatever, it was still cool.
Other than that, I played World of Warcraft.
And I played Loki's demo of Beautiful Katamari, and that's really it.
Did you enjoy Beautiful Katamari?
Yes, it was a really fun three minutes.
Best three minutes you ever spent?
No, but it was a fun three minutes.
What would be the best three minutes you ever spent?
Next question.
Oh my, alright. Game-wise, game-wise.
Next question.
Fine. Jerk. Alright, so that's it for your gaming week?
I think so, I didn't really do much.
I never do much with WoW.
You've all been pretty boring between, you know, moving and all this other stuff.
Hiding my office clothes.
You've been moving out of your office.
Yeah.
Is everything okay? You doing alright?
Yeah.
Was there any last hurrah? Did everybody go out for drinks one last time or anything?
No, actually. Nobody went out for drinks. It was weird.
Alright.
We normally drink for no reason. This was a reason and nobody drank.
I hope I'm okay to say this on the show, though, but as I understand,
there's little bits and pieces that you collected for listeners in the future.
Yeah, and I'll give those to you to give away.
So, more information at a later date on you can own a piece of what once was Konami.
Aw, it's so sad.
How sad.
Alright.
Why are we laughing?
I'm sorry.
It's the seven legged lamb I'm looking at. Look how adorable.
It's actually really, it really is sad because I know we had a lot of friends that worked there like yourself, so it sucks.
Yeah, it's just me.
It'd be better if it was a chicken because, you know.
They had to kill it because it couldn't be.
What in the hell are you guys looking at?
This is the worst.
Seven legged lamb.
This is the worst radio ever. You're showing pictures of a seven legged lamb in studio.
Because it can't poop.
Alright.
What?
They had to kill it because it couldn't poop.
Seven legs and no ass.
And it was a hermaphrodite.
Why are you reading Perez Hilton during this show?
I don't know.
That has nothing to do with gaming.
Last time I saw a zombie reindeer, one that had frozen and rotted away and it looked like a zombie reindeer.
Wow.
Next.
Oh my gosh, this is the worst radio.
Yes, Dark Tetsuya summed it up in chat.
Worst radio ever.
Thank you very much.
Whenever you're the worst radio ever.
This will be the last show from Studio Loki because this is what happens to the show.
Alright, anyhow.
Housekeeping real quick.
We weren't here last week so we weren't able to tell you guys that we got nominated in the podcast awards at podcastawards.com.
So thank you guys very much for helping us to get the nominations.
And the voting is now open.
So if you head on over to www.podcastawards.com, you can vote for Orange Lawn Radio.
We're nominated for best gaming podcast.
And it's really cool because like lots of independent podcasts are nominated.
They upped it from 5 to 10 this year and there's like lots of independent podcasts nominated.
Like a lot of good shows, including our good buddies at All Games.
Yeah.
And they are whoring now that they're trying to get people to vote every day.
Yes, you can vote every day and I know that even though they've kind of made it seem like that there is some sort of prevention against automated voting and stuff.
You can vote once per day, once per e-mail.
So just make sure that you're checking your e-mail to hit those confirmation e-mails.
Just do it legitimately.
Don't cheat.
It is legitimate.
No, I was just going to say it gives us a bad name.
It is legitimate.
No, I'm saying for the people out there.
I know.
Be legit and ethical.
I'm not saying use a program to do it or anything.
Don't.
Please don't.
I'm just saying, you know, if you have e-mail addresses you can vote four times.
Seriously, people that are listening to gaming podcasts are probably so fucking sick about hearing about podcast awards.
So, you know.
Well, it was just nice to be nominated again.
Yeah, blah, blah, blah.
It's always lovely to be nominated.
But we want to win again, so.
You know what's better than being nominated again?
Winning again.
That's what's even better.
No, I'm just teasing, really.
No, it really is great that we got nominated and the fact that there's like a lot of shows that haven't been in there before and it's all independent.
I hoard us out to my work again.
Those people, those people that do the shows that got nominated, you know, they don't get a lot of, I don't think any of them, I don't think any of them get paid to do their business.
Screw Attack was on there.
Do they?
I don't know.
I don't even know.
Well, they're affiliated with, you know, game trailers.
But hey, at least One Up wasn't on there.
You know, at least like IGN wasn't on there.
Picking fights today with the corporate cast.
Well, technically they're video casts.
I don't know if that's true.
I mean, they get paid to do what they do.
So they are, and they have built-in ads and magazines and stuff.
So all the casts that got nominated, you know, they don't get that same built-in advertising.
We need this.
Yeah, we need this.
So do they.
So hooray for nominations.
Okay, we need to change the topic.
Moving on, let's talk about some gaming news.
We'll start it off with a little bit of news from BlizzCon.
Of course, that's the big weekend news.
And we're going to go over to Xtavor for a full report, but first, if you haven't already heard,
here's some of the news that came out of BlizzCon.
Wrath of the Lich King, or Lich King.
Wrath of the Lich King.
It looks like Lich King.
The Lush King.
I like that.
How about Wrath of the Lich King?
Have you ever played WoW Drunk?
How about Wrath of the Lush King?
I've played Final Fantasy Drunk, but not WoW.
I think I've played WoW Drunk.
You've played WoW Drunk.
Yeah, because I sang on Ventrilo.
Wrath of the Dawn King.
So if you're a Mieglatov, it's Wrath of the Lush King, is the new WoW expansion.
And even though there's going to be no new races, there is going to be a new class, Death Knight.
So that's kind of fun.
And apparently every race can be a Death Knight, so there's going to be lots of Death Knights.
And I've already reserved the name Death Cake, so you can't have it, for Death Knight.
Well, I was just going to say, you know, if you were like, say, Leroy Jenkins and he was a knight,
he would be a Death Knight, because he's dead in the game, because he got killed.
Anyways, what's not funny though, is the fact that you may need Burning Crusade,
in order to play some aspects of Wrath of the Lich King.
Which is not surprising, because I think with Burning Crusade it did raise the level cap,
and obviously you're not going to be able to go to 80 if you don't have Burning Crusade.
But, they haven't really said exactly what will not be available if you don't have Burning Crusade.
Well also, it should be pointed out, there's some new battlegrounds,
and it's going to have siege warfare and buildings that you can destroy with your siege weapons,
so that's going to be pretty awesome.
And then supposedly you're going to be able to customize your characters even further than what you can do now.
Yes, new hair, I can't wait.
That's good, because it is kind of limited right now.
You know what the best thing so far about the expansion is?
What?
It's blue, like crazy. I cannot wait.
Because it's ice and cold and all that stuff.
Yes, it's snowy, and I'm so excited. I could talk for hours about it,
but I guess it's Christopher's job because he went there.
Well, let's talk to Christopher. How was BlizzCon, Xtavor?
First of all, how did you go? It was a birthday thing, right?
Yeah, my sister got it for me for my birthday.
Oh, that was sweet, and didn't think to invite us. That's alright.
I know.
But it's $100 per ticket.
We would have bought it. We would have bought it now. We were moving. It's all good.
Well, tell us about, what was it like when he got there? What kind of stuff did they have going on?
Well, we got there pretty early in the morning on Friday morning because we wanted to get our badges,
and found out that there wasn't no lines for badges because they had booths everywhere to get your badge.
A lot of people had been there since 4 o'clock in the morning anyway,
so we just went up, got our badges, got our swag bags, and waited for the doors to open.
They opened the doors. When you walked in, it was really dark.
You could see the main hall, which is where they announced the expansion, and it was in bright blue.
Yay, blue!
They had two big screens and a lot of chairs.
Everybody filled up the chairs and people were standing on the sidelines.
People were blocking everybody's view.
The people that worked there weren't that great at directing everybody.
People kept on trying to sit down in the middle of the aisles.
They would sit there for 10 minutes before the people that worked there would tell them to get up.
Anyways, the opening ceremony was pretty good.
They talked about a lot of stuff, Starcraft 2, World of Warcraft, and they showed us the trailer to the expansion.
That was pretty cool.
I think everybody knew that the expansion was going to be called Wrath of the Lich King,
because in our maps, there was a specific area that said World of Warcraft, Wrath of the Lich King area.
Everybody was clued in as to what was coming.
Plus, it had been leaked to the internet two days before.
While you all were driving down, the whole internet knew thanks to some European thing.
I guess the official Blizzard site in Europe leaked it.
So we all know it was Wrath of the Lich King.
Yeah, still some people were skeptical. They thought it was going to be Maelstrom.
But, I don't know.
The Wrath of the Lich King, we got to play it three times.
I personally really liked it.
What was the demo like? What did you do in it?
Well, you start out in the Undercity area and you fly on a...
Whatever that is.
I think your computer just farted.
Okay, for those people not in the studio, that's the pipes from someone next door.
They're using it and there's air in the pipes.
That was a cool noise.
That was a Silent Hill noise.
That was freaky.
I wish the folks at home could hear that.
Alright, so expansion.
Yeah, we got to play the expansion.
We start out in Undercity, ride a zeppelin to the new Northrend area.
You don't really know where it is in Northrend, but just that it's in Northrend.
And it's the Howling Fjord or whatever?
Yes, that's correct.
I just couldn't remember.
There were so many names that you discovered in the expansion.
We didn't know where we were.
And pretty much you go to this grassy type area first.
There's a town and you're next to the ocean.
And you can go up, you ride this lift up to the top.
And there's actually in the trailer for Wrath of the Lich King, you see the top of the lift.
So you're kind of excited because you're playing a part that's in the trailer.
Then you can go to the right.
There's a lot of snowy area you can go into.
And then there was a lot of burning woodsy areas.
Okay, too much detail.
Did they let you play Death Knight?
Did they let you?
No, they don't let you play Death Knight.
But they did play that trailer over and over and over and over again.
Did you get to do anything in the demo that you can't really already do in WoW right now?
That's, yeah.
That's nothing really new.
You can do quests, but they weren't really new.
You could tell that they were holding off on that stuff.
It was just really kind of a way to explore the area.
There was a dungeon you can go to.
And so lots of nerds could go.
You know, I played it first before any of you did in my Murloc suit.
Really, I would say it was a good start.
Good start because you could...
Good effort.
Yeah, good effort.
And it wasn't like you couldn't go to the other areas that were already there.
Because one of our players is a mage who can portal you.
And he portaled us to another city.
And it was kind of cool because we were the only three people there.
So yeah, it was kind of cool.
Cool.
How about StarCraft II?
Did you get a chance to play that?
Yeah.
StarCraft II.
I've never played StarCraft before, let alone any game like StarCraft.
So I was new to the whole genre.
But I can say that I really liked it.
I really enjoyed it.
Very good graphics.
Very good.
Lots of detail.
Very hard, I can imagine.
I was on easy mode and it was hard.
It was difficult.
But you were just a noob, that's why.
Yeah, yeah.
But I mean, yeah.
That's right.
But it was pretty cool.
And there was...
The whole area was just...
It was just people everywhere.
There were stores.
There were lots of stinky people.
Lots of stinky con people.
Actually, there were people from all walks of life.
There were families there.
Full families.
There were all fucking alliances.
But that's besides the point.
There were families there.
There were people that were fat and nasty there.
There were nerds.
Just skinny, scrawny nerds.
There were hot people.
I mean, people dressed in blood elf costumes.
Yeah, you were saying before that Leroy Jenkins,
the guy that does Leroy Jenkins,
was there because...
He was there.
You were like...
He was fucking hot.
...wetting your pants over that guy.
Yeah.
He actually...
Okay, Jay Moore, who was the DJ of the whole event...
He did a last comic standing, right?
Yeah.
Before he got fired.
He actually...
He did a really good job.
There were some hecklers that derailed the closing ceremony for a little bit.
But he pulled it together.
Everybody was laughing.
He made even the most skeptical people.
There was one girl behind me that was ragging on him the whole time,
and then she started laughing by the end of the show.
So he was actually pretty good.
I actually enjoyed him.
Had he ever played World of Warcraft or was it just a paycheck?
I think it was just a paycheck, but he did know some things.
But yeah, there were...
There was probably stuff that they told him in the boardroom or whatever
before he walked out.
But...
DJ Dark Knight in chat wants to know,
were there Korean players there?
But he's no Jamie Kennedy, that's for sure.
Actually, there were Korean players there.
Mostly for StarCraft, but there were people that won
the costume contests in the Korean Invitational that they did a few months ago,
or a month ago or whatever.
They actually participated in the costume contest this year,
and it was a warlock and they were done very well,
but it just so happens there was another warlock that topped them.
And she was just incredible.
She was like, oh my god, she looked incredible.
But yeah, the Leroy Jenkins guy was there,
and he did his Leroy Jenkins, and he was just too hot for words.
Wow, nerdy.
How was video games live?
Awesome.
They did a bunch of stuff from World of Warcraft, as you can imagine,
but they also...
Yeah, that's the one who won, I'm sorry.
Anyways, they did a bunch of stuff from World of Warcraft,
but they also did the new music from StarCraft II,
which was sucky because it sounded exactly like Star Wars.
But we got to hear that, and we got to hear lots of music from Diablo,
and there was also a band that played last night.
They were like this horde band.
It was totally manufactured by the makers of WoW,
you could tell because the creator of WoW was in the band.
But nevertheless, they were funny.
What were they called? Level 70?
Level 70 Elite, Tauren Chieftain.
Did they actually dress up like Tauren?
No, they actually didn't.
Like they were Gwar or something?
They didn't, but they did.
When you went and waited in the line to play Wrath of the Lich King,
there was a big screen next to them,
and they kept playing the video that was game made.
They made it in the in-game video for that,
and it was just incredibly ridiculous, but it was funny, I guess.
But they have a song called Rogues Do It From Behind,
which was just funny because I'm a rogue,
and I do it from behind.
I think I just threw up in my mouth, thank you.
I was going for that.
If only there was a camera to capture everybody's expressions just then.
So yeah, the whole show was pretty good.
I had such a fun time.
Good deal. Anything else you want to share
that you think our listeners ought to know about?
What was the funniest thing that happened all show?
The funniest thing?
Yeah.
Oh God, all the nerds asking stupid questions at the panels.
They would say stuff like,
okay, we're not going to answer these questions,
and what do the nerds fucking do?
Give us an example.
The movie panel, you said which one, right?
Movie panel, okay, that was a big thing.
They're actually doing a movie,
the same people who did Batman Returns,
or Batman Begins, Superman Returns, legendary 300 or whatever.
They are doing the movie, and they are really standing by this film.
There were questions that they wouldn't answer, though,
and those were,
we won't answer questions on which races, which characters will be in the movies,
but you can expect to maybe see these,
and they listed these characters, right?
Everybody cheered.
Okay, then the question answer comes,
what do the fucking gamers ask?
What races and characters are going to be in the game?
Can you please tell us?
Okay, didn't you fucking hear?
You're wasting our time when other people can be asking,
like, actually informative questions, you know?
So it was kind of, you know, annoying,
but Dark Knight wants to know, he would have asked,
and will we be hearing back me wool in the movie anywhere?
We should.
Get in the archives if you don't get that joke.
In fact, they said that there's going to be a lot of humor carried over from the game,
so they're looking forward to carrying some of the humor,
but still keep it on a serious level.
You didn't tell them about what the worst part of the movie is so far.
Oh, well, they're going to tell it from the Alliance perspective.
Boo, Alliance sucks.
Yeah, and the funny thing about it is that most people there,
we got the feeling that most people there were in the Horde,
which is funny because most people that play the game are Alliance,
but they're all kids that can't afford to go to BlizzCon.
Son of Dad is in chat, wants to know who's directing the film, did they say?
They don't have a director. There was somebody that asked that.
They want to get the script all together first before they go search for a director,
and he said, oh, there was a funny story.
The guy that is with Legendary said that the guy who played Superman last year,
he said they won't go into casting details,
but they did say that last year he overheard the Legendary people on the phone with the WoW people,
and he said, oh, my God, can you get me a backstage tour of where they do WoW and all this stuff,
and they did, and he went.
I seem to remember hearing something about that that guy was a WoW player,
the guy who was Superman. Funny.
Oh, he'd make a pretty blood elf.
Yeah, he would.
Oh, they did give kind of a, not a spoiler, but they gave us an idea of where they're going with the film.
The very end of the panel, they showed a picture, which is an artist's rendition of what might go on,
and they showed, what is it, the tree, the big tree?
Oh, tell the blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, the night elf tree. I can't remember. I'm not Alliance.
Whatever. Fuck it. But it was a really pretty picture, and everybody went crazy.
So, telladristle. That's what it is.
Something like that, yeah.
Yeah, but it was really fun.
And I recommend, I think that the best part, well, one of the best parts for me besides the expansion
was the fact that I actually did like StarCraft II. I think people should give it a try if you haven't.
I also miss the boat on StarCraft I, but what's crazy is that my boyfriend loves StarCraft.
It's like the only video game he plays is StarCraft, and he is all excited about StarCraft II.
So, it's just kind of interesting.
Because he's Asian.
Shut up. Let's see, looking at chat, another comment here.
Darktitsui wants to know, will the WoW movie be 60 hours long?
That would be awesome.
They said it's going to be between two and two and a half hours long.
Well, yes, it will be 60 hours long, but then you can buy an expansion for just $39.95 that will expand it to 70 hours long.
Yeah, it was kind of funny because one of the people on the panel made a comment,
well, this first one will be blah, blah, blah.
And everybody was like, oh, my God, sequel.
Somebody, some stupid dumbass asked a question about a sequel.
They're like, okay, you guys, let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Let's make sure we knock this one out of the park first and then go on for sequel.
All right, we're going to have to have a whole sequel to the show to cover all the BlizzCon news.
We've got to get on to some other news.
RosteelUT in chat is pulling up a pillow and blanket because he just doesn't care about WoW.
We don't care about whoever that was that you just said.
I don't care about WoW either.
All right, are you doing okay over there, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
All right, well, let's get on to some other news.
Thank you guys very much for your respective con reports.
Actually, Mikotov, yours was kind of bad.
I didn't really care about your report.
Whatever, I didn't even really talk about it.
Yeah, you didn't really do anything.
Well, I could talk about it more, but I don't want to because it's true.
Tell us really, I don't know, maybe if they don't like World of Warcraft, they like Battlestar,
but please tell me about how you met the guy that played Tyrrell and what you did.
Okay, spoilers maybe, just so everybody knows.
The guy that plays Tyrrell, Aaron Douglas, was at Comic Con, and I went to go get his autograph.
I went up to him, and I was like,
can you write something mean about Callie?
Callie sucks, and Callie is his wife on the show, and I absolutely hate her.
He laughed at me, and then he started signing my thing I gave him to sign.
He put, to Shane, Aaron Douglas, chief.
I can't wait for Callie to die in season four, episode five, dot, dot, dot.
That was my favorite thing ever, and now I have something to look forward to.
I'd just like to point out that Shane called me long distance, like right after this happened,
just to tell me about this experience.
Because it's important.
It was like the coolest thing ever because I hate her a lot.
He's known to give away spoilers and stuff like that, so that could really be a real spoiler.
Well, there was one other convention going on that, unfortunately,
OLR did not have any representation at, but certainly there's a lot of news coming from QuakeCon,
and John Carmack at QuakeCon announced a brand new franchise for ID Software.
That would be Rage.
Rage is going to be like an action-adventure game,
and it's from a brand new engine that ID Software is doing called Tech Five.
It's going to be simultaneously launched on the PC, the PlayStation 3, the Xbox 360,
and believe it or not, the Mac.
Yeah, originally when they were showing off the Tech Five demo, or Tech Five,
I guess it was a demonstration of it, they were actually showing off bits of Rage,
and it's kind of got a little bit of driving in there.
There's a bit of first-person shooter stuff in there as well,
so it's kind of like Motorstorm meets Quake.
In fact, here's a quote from Todd Hallensheet, the CEO of ID Software.
It's more than just a first-person shooter.
We will show vehicles and racetracks, driving and racing elements.
It is an action-oriented game, but with a lot of adventure elements.
It will be story-driven, but you can also choose your own route to go through things.
As long as it's better than Quake 4,
because Quake 4 held my interest for about three seconds,
and I was like, eh, not interested.
Yeah, well hopefully this will hold your interest for a little bit longer than that.
Quake Arena is headed to Xbox Live Arcade.
Now this is something we kind of knew a little bit of before
when the ESRB kind of leaked that out,
but apparently they had some really good success
with the Doom franchise on Xbox Live Arcade,
so now they're hoping to repeat that with Quake.
And I'm assuming it is going to be kind of like Unreal Tournament type of thing,
but with Quake, so awesome.
When I first read about this, though, I was thinking,
is this like the old-school version of Quake, but just adapted for Xbox Live?
It might be, I don't know.
Is that like the original Nine Inch Nails soundtrack and all that?
I don't think so.
Oh, I'll be sad.
I have fond memories of Quake.
This was back in the day when broadband you could only find in colleges, right?
Broadband was not really sold for commercial use,
and my friends went to college in the Bay Area,
and I used to call in dial-up to their broadband connection,
and we would play Quake.
About three of them in the dorms and then me on dial-up,
we'd stay up all night long playing Quake. It was awesome.
You couldn't do that with Duke Nukem Forever for some reason.
I don't know.
Because it never came out.
Perhaps this is another game people will stay up all night playing, though.
I don't know. It's a game called Quake Zero.
I'm going to take a wild guess and see that it's probably Quake 3 Arena
coming to Xbox Live Arcade since...
Actually, it's different.
Quake Zero is going to cost zero.
That's why it's called Quake Zero. It's free.
I understand that, but the port of Quake 3 Arena...
Oh, so the Quake Arena game...
Well, that would be awesome. Quake 3 is my favorite.
Well, there you go.
Oh, that would be great.
Well, anyway, Quake Zero is going to be a web-based version of Quake 3 multiplayer,
so you can just fire up your web browser and play.
Because, I don't know, has the source code been out for Quake 3?
I can't remember.
It doesn't matter because it's being developed in-house anyway, so they have it.
But they're going to be putting it out there,
and I guess it's going to be ad-supported.
It's going to have some in-game advertising.
That's how it's really going to be zero dollars.
But free is good.
Man, I would love to see Quake, and I'm playing it,
and then there's a McDonald's ad or something.
That would make it totally realistic.
Dark Tetsuya says,
LOL Quake Zero. Zero calories, zero sugar.
I guess, you know, from all that sitting...
More caffeine.
More caffeine, exactly.
Nintendo Maniac 64 said,
I wonder if Quake Zero will be anything like Phosphor when it runs on Shockwave.
RosteelUT says,
Yeah, ID released the source code ages ago.
I thought I remembered reading something about that.
Now if only Quake Zero were compatible with the Wii web browser.
Which I honestly doubt it would be.
But we can hope.
One thing that will be compatible though,
they announced Unreal Tournament 3,
which is going to be coming out on PlayStation 3 later this year.
It's going to be supporting keyboard and mouse.
So that's kind of cool.
I know a lot of people really love keyboard and mouse,
especially playing PC first person shooters.
So now you can actually do that on the console
and kind of have a fair shake at people playing on PC.
Or as the people playing on PC.
That's kind of cool because that will put that whole debate to rest finally.
People can take it out.
What is better, the controller or the keyboard and mouse?
People can finally duke it out.
Unreal Tournament 3 for the PS3 is actually kind of shaping up more like a PC game.
I mean, obviously it is a PC game as well.
But with the fact that you can download mods for it.
That is pretty awesome.
I got to hand it to PlayStation 3 for that.
It's going to be sweet.
We will see.
Bravens Dolphin in chat says,
Bluetooth mouse and keyboard for the win.
Tiger Claw said,
Unreal Tournament 3 players with keyboard and mouse
will pwn the UT3 players with the 6 axis.
Well it's not like the keyboard and mouse are going to vibrate either.
So you got that.
Also some other news coming out of QuakeCon.
Is this coming out of QuakeCon or is this just about the same time?
It's about the same time.
It might be out of QuakeCon.
We will see here.
Actually this story is coming from Ain't It Cool News.
Which is kind of interesting.
Roger Avery is working on an adaptation of Castle Wolfenstein.
Fuck yeah.
Apparently it's actually returned to Castle Wolfenstein.
And apparently the producer of Silent Hill,
Samuel Hadida already has the rights to it.
And he gave the property over to Roger Avery to write and direct.
And if I'm not mistaken, Roger Avery did the script for Silent Hill, right?
I think so.
I think so.
Didn't he?
I don't know, but I know he's not doing it again.
I know he was tied to it.
Oh yeah, we talked about that a couple weeks ago.
Well I'm talking about it now, so continue your story.
We'll see.
According to Ain't It Cool News,
they expect we'll see World War 2 crazy tongue-in-cheek horror sci-fi action.
I wonder if you'll get Hitler in the big mech like you fought in the game.
That would be kind of strange.
It sounds horrific for Uwe Boll, though.
Oh.
I forgot to mention that earlier.
I interviewed Uwe Boll this week.
What the hell?
How did you not mention this to me?
People turned the show off ten minutes ago.
Sorry.
With all the loud talk.
I forgot.
You met Uwe Boll?
I didn't meet him.
I interviewed him over the phone, though.
Oh, okay.
But not for this show.
I interviewed him for my work.
What the hell?
Alright, well what happened?
Did you find anything else?
Okay, well here's the thing.
I had to watch his movie, BloodRayne 2 Deliverance,
and it's horrible, as you would expect,
but it was a vampire western,
and so we got to interview him about that,
and I asked him a few things.
A vampire western?
It's a vampire western, yes it is.
That could be cool, though.
It could be cool, but it's not.
No.
So, now obviously the interview was tame
because, you know, it was for a magazine,
so we had to be positive about the whole thing,
but we did ask him about the boxing stuff.
That was kind of funny.
I actually have the whole interview transcribed
on the Orange Lounge live journal community,
so if you want to check it out there,
you can see everything we talked about.
We also talked about there's a new movie he's doing
called Tunnel Rats that's being made into a game
at the same time,
so that's kind of an interesting thing,
and then of course Postal's coming out this year.
They had a lot of advertisement at Comic Con for Postal.
It was weird.
As crazy and bad as his movies are,
I really want to see Postal.
I think this is reverse psychology.
I think this is brilliant marketing
where somehow they're getting the word out there
that the movie is brilliant.
Like, there were preview screenings already, right?
Yeah, and people are saying it's pretty funny.
The whole thing is going to be offensive,
so that's all that matters.
So we got to talk to him.
He's a very interesting guy, but I don't know.
Okay, interesting is a very broad word
because you could know a guy that picks his nose
and eats it and you could go,
that's really interesting.
I kind of felt bad for him a little bit
because he's not trying to make awesome movies.
He's just trying to make genre flicks
and he just happens to use video games
to kind of supplement that to get more of an audience.
I don't know.
He's kind of an underachiever, I guess.
Who gets out of bed in the morning and goes,
I want to make a vampire westerner?
Film students?
I guess so.
I think we should make Orange Lawns Radio the movie
and it should be a vampire western.
Okay, the movie itself I knew was bad
like within the first two minutes.
I watched the whole movie and fast-forward
because I couldn't stand it.
Luckily though, I got to hear most of the dialogue
because it was really slow.
The only bad thing about it, there was no nudity.
That kind of sucked.
But, Zach Ward, the guy that plays the main character
in the Postal movie, he played Billy the Kid, the vampire.
I kind of liked him in that.
I thought he was a good vampire
and here's why he was a good vampire.
He would hurt innocent people without a thought.
For example, the very end of the movie,
she's going to rescue these kids
because he's going to bite them all and turn them
and make them more immortal or something.
She walks in and this trap springs
and basically all the kids get hung.
Awesome!
She's pushing this counterweight back
so the kids don't die, but unfortunately
one of the little kids dies.
That's so good.
There's stuff like that throughout the whole movie.
And they're not afraid to hurt innocent little children
in the movie.
I can respect that.
So, I don't know.
Wow.
Anyways.
Kill children, earn points for Loki.
Actually, I got to say real quick
is that Robert M. in our chatroom
at chatonorangelandradio.com
has the first piece of casting news
for Orange Lounge Radio, the new vampire western movie.
Loki has been cast to play Tingle.
Amazing.
There is no Tingle in this movie.
But where will we get our rupees?
Anyways, moving on to something completely opposite of that.
Lego Indiana Jones was announced at Comic Con
because there aren't enough Lego franchises yet
and they're going to milk that for every penny that they can.
Lego games aren't that bad.
They aren't that bad.
I can think of worse games.
I can think of far worse games.
They aren't that bad.
So, following Lego Batman this year
you're going to be seeing Lego Indiana Jones next year.
And I want Lego Batman, by the way.
That'll be pretty cool.
Well, it's a pity that Jamie isn't here
because she would probably be running circles around this story.
I'm very happy about this one.
Apparently, there is a Doctor Who video game
that could be on its way for Christmas.
Top Trumps has revealed a plan for a Doctor Who video game
to be released in time for Christmas 2007.
It's thought to be available on the PC, PlayStation 2, DS, and mobile games.
Apparently, an advertisement for the game appears
in the new Doctor Who Top Trumps card pack.
But now, I want to say that I saw a follow-up story to this
that said this actually may not be true.
That there was a retraction to this story that came out a little later.
So, it could be a little bit iffy, but
I mean, Doctor Who seems perfect for a video game.
I mean, I don't remember where I read this.
It was one of the blog sites, so I apologize for not giving you credit.
But, they put it brilliantly.
They said, this is good news and bad news.
The good news is it's a Doctor Who video game.
The bad news is it's a Doctor Who video game
because video games that are based off of TV shows and stuff
usually don't go too well.
That's true, but remember they announced that Battle Star game
for Xbox Live Arcade a while back?
It came out last week, I think.
Did it actually come out?
Oh, Battle Star. I'm sorry. I'm thinking Wing Commander.
Oh, no. Battle Star. I know it's on PartnerNet
and my friends that work at EA have been playing it
and they actually said it's a pretty fun game, even though
they're hardcore fans and it really is a typical space shooter
with Battle Star just plastered on it.
Nothing really Battle Star related beyond that.
So, you get occasional gems and I hope to goodness that
the Heroes game that Ubisoft is doing is going to be good.
There's no need to really worry about games that come from TV shows, I think.
I guess that's a little bit more encouraging there.
Well, there is another interesting rumor that's come out recently
and this is one that has me extremely excited.
Apparently, EGM has run their rumor mill story from Quarterman.
He does this every month.
And the rumor is that apparently they were, I believe, level 5.
They developed some RPGs and stuff.
Oh, actually, no. They weren't the ones that developed this. My mistake.
Anyways, Bionic Commando.
It was originally going to be made into a PlayStation Network game.
However, they decided that they're just going to make it into a full-fledged game instead.
So, possibly a Bionic Commando game soon.
That would be all kinds of rad because that's like an old series
that a lot of people would like to see get brought back.
Hell yeah.
I'd be very happy about that.
As long as they don't turn it into a completely different game.
You know what I mean?
Try to keep some of the elements that made the first one fun.
I would not want to see Bionic Commando go 3D.
That would not be fun for me.
But, I don't know.
If they did it like if it was as good as the Rygar game,
when they updated that, that wasn't too bad, I think.
But...
Dark Tetsuya in our chat room, chat.orangelandradar.com says,
Dear Capcom Wii version. K, thanks.
That could be interesting.
I don't know. We'll see.
Well, there's some games that you will no longer be playing
if you're a fan of EA online games because they're pulling the online support
for lots and lots of EA games as of September 1st, 2007.
Nothing very recent.
The majority of the list comes from all the sports games released in 2006,
such as Madden NFL 06, NASCAR 06, FIFA World Cup 06.
All those are shutting down.
And I guess the thought is that most of you will have upgraded to 08 by that point,
if not at least 07.
But I haven't upgraded from Madden 06.
Why do you own Madden 06?
Don't you mean you have an upgrade from Madden 99?
That is so not your kind of game, I thought.
It's not.
Is it achievement points?
No.
You're a whore.
You're a whore for achievement points.
Some other games have been getting shut down, though.
Surprisingly, November 1st of 07, Burnout Revenge on Xbox and Playstation 2.
So they're shutting off one of the Burnout titles
and the Need for Speed Underground and Most Wanted
also getting the plug pulled on them November 1st of 07.
Well, Underground's damn old and Revenge technically on,
well, the Xbox is the latest one.
But Playstation, I mean, they had Dominator, so...
Oh, well.
Well, if you're one of the five people that plays these games online still,
then you're probably pretty angsty.
So we dedicate the FUs of the Week just for you.
Now, usually we would have music here, but since we're in our temper...
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun...
Hey, that's the music.
We can find music.
That's too late now.
We're live, remember?
Alright, so there we go.
There's your music.
And it's the FUs of the Week time.
So, Loki, start us off tonight.
My FU of the Week goes to Genki for just porting the Playstation 2 version
of Wangen Midnight to the Playstation 3.
I mean, come on.
Spend a little bit more time.
Hell, that fucking lame-ass game import tuner challenge that came out
on the Xbox 360 looked better than this.
That's sad.
And, you know, maybe some better music in it, too,
because that's kind of sad, too.
Yeah, music like that.
My next FU goes to Shane for not shutting his cell phone off
during the recording of the show.
I don't know what you're talking about.
My other FU goes to Comcast for making me suffer without internet
until Tuesday, and also to whichever mystery neighbor
I'm stealing Wi-Fi from for not being strong enough.
Although, I will give it this, like yesterday,
the strength of the Wi-Fi was perfect, and I was able to download
torrents of Big Brother to get all caught up on Big Brother 8.
So, and Jen sucks, just for the record.
Shane, do you have any FUs of the Wii?
I can come up with one real quick.
FU to Blizzard for not giving me the expansion for free,
or telling me when it's going to come out, because I really want it,
and it's really all I've been reading about since they announced it.
Like, me and the internet, that's all we do,
is just talk about the WoW expansion.
Alright, let's get back into some news.
Anyways, another cool game that's going to be heading our way pretty soon.
Crysis has been announced to be released on November 16th,
and that game looks damn good, and I really want to build a PC for it.
Tell us a little more about this game, I don't know much about it.
Crysis is the next game in the series of, I guess, Far Cry,
even though there is Far Cry 2.
Oh, that's right, I've heard of this.
But it's just, I mean, the original Far Cry game was pretty good looking.
This one now is just phenomenal, the amount of detail that's in the game,
just the amount of physics, I mean, you can blow up everything in the game,
you know, everything has real world looks good,
the draw distance is enormous, just, it's amazing.
So, it also is going to be a resource hog, I'm guessing.
Is it, like, in the future compared to Far Cry?
Because, I mean, I don't know much about Far Cry,
but, like, box art right there looks like it's crazy,
like, 2000 years in the future.
It's in the future, I'm assuming.
Basically, it's still on, like, a tropical island type thing.
Aliens have kind of either crash landed in one section of the map,
and so, you know, you have this whole section that's kind of 0G and, like, frozen.
So, it's interesting stuff there,
plus the whole suit that you have is, like, a nano suit that you can upgrade.
Like, you can switch it to, like, speed, so all your powers are in your speed,
and you can move around really fast, or armor, or stealth, and stuff like that.
So, really cool looking.
That could be interesting.
Well, this is also interesting, and that is SingStar is continuing
to do a lot of business and coming out with new games.
I guess this is mostly in Europe, though.
I have not heard of SingStar really taking off in this country.
There's another one coming out this month, actually.
My gosh.
SingStar amped in the US.
Maybe they are doing really well there,
and I think this is coming out in the US as well.
This is SingStar Anthems,
and it's actually, I got to hand it to them.
This is actually a pretty kick-ass song list.
If you like your power ballads and your anthems,
this is a pretty kick-ass song list.
Anastasia, Left Outside Alone.
I actually like that song.
Probably no one else has heard of it.
Avril Lavigne, I'm With You.
Cindy Lauper, Time After Time.
You DDR fans, the original version of Ordinary World by Duran Duran is in this.
Alone by Heart.
That's a hell of a power ballad.
Two songs by Mr. Mister.
That's awesome.
You get broken wings.
And Queen, The Show Must Go On,
Roxette, a couple Roxette songs in there.
What Roxette songs?
It must have been Love, of course.
But what's the other one?
Listen to Your Heart.
Oh.
I wanted Joyride.
I don't care.
That's not a power ballad.
And then the ultimate, the ultimate power ballad, Meat Loaf.
I'd Do Anything For Love, but I wouldn't do that.
That is all kinds of awesome.
I do agree with what Joystiq said when they reported on this.
And that would be, this game is shit without Journey.
How can you have a ballads game and have no Journey?
Where's my Don't Stop Believin'?
Is that on the Sony Open Arms?
Is it on the Sony label?
Because that's all they get are songs from the label.
Probably not then.
Surprise, Open Arms isn't on there.
I know.
How can you have, pay whatever it takes to get Open Arms in this game.
Or Don't Stop Believin'.
Sony can't afford to buy things right now.
They're all poor with the PS3 stuff.
Oh, whatever.
But if they want this game to take off, they will invest the money in it.
I'm curious to see what Chad says about this.
Oh, no, they're still commenting on Crysis.
RawsteelUT says, ooh Crysis, a generic first person shooter game with an extra graphical effort.
It's not that generic.
It looks pretty awesome.
Whatever.
Son of Dad says karaoke in the US only belongs in bars.
Yeah, but what if you have a bar at home?
Like you have a bunch of liquor at home.
That's acceptable, right?
You know, that's false because a lot of people I know love playing the karaoke games at parties and stuff.
It's really fun to do.
Robert M. suggests Foreigner, Poison.
Son of Dad also says he wants the final countdown.
Yes.
That would be awesome.
I just got 2DX 4th Style finally and I love that song so much.
Is that part of the economy liquidation sale?
Yes.
Brand new 2DX 4th Style.
The 5 figure sale economy.
Whatever.
It was free.
You know, I found something the other day actually.
What?
I found it today.
I have a DDR club append.
I don't even know where the hell that came from.
How random.
It might be mine.
I used to have both those games.
Maybe.
You probably have it from when we used to live together years ago.
No, I think Jamie gave it to me.
She gave you a club append?
I think those things are actually worth kind of money.
No, I doubt it.
Those are the DDR games nobody fucking played.
Who played club append?
I did.
I didn't play it anyways because I don't have second mix so it's completely useless to me.
It did have a lot of crap on it though.
Let's talk about release dates, shall we?
And we'll travel to Europe first even though Jamie's not here tonight.
I've got her back and it's really not a long list this week.
On August 10th over in Europe you guys are getting Pac-Man Rally on the PSP.
Congratulations.
That's really it.
That's everything that's on the list that we've got.
They get a crappy game for a crappy system.
Wow.
Good job.
You want to wait for some busier weeks.
Get to the 31st when you guys are getting Boogie and Guild Wars, Eyes of the North,
and Medal of Honor.
Or the 24th when you guys are getting mad at NFL.
And the game named after Loki.
You're ruining all the future release dates.
Sorry.
Jamie's going to be so angry.
I feel bad because there's only one freaking release this week.
So I'm trying to give him something to look forward to.
I don't think Europe is filled with Pac-Man Rally fans.
I mean, if I'm wrong.
It was.
It's a huge release for them.
If I'm wrong, Europe folks, please send us an email.
Mailbag at orangeontree.com and please tell us how much you love Pac-Man Rally and how
you're going to be camping outside.
Send us your pictures from camping outside games.
I want to go camp for Pac-Man Rally.
You want to hear something?
I'm lining up.
You want to hear something about the stupid rally games that they have in Europe?
We keep getting fucking some, was it SVG or something, one of these smaller distributors
out there keeps publishing this European crap that comes over here.
For example, they have Crazy Frog Racer because ooh, we really need a game based off that
annoying piece of shit.
Then there's this Cocoto Racer thing which is like some little devil looking thing.
I don't know.
Too many kart racing games in Europe.
However, though, in the U.S. there's not a whole lot coming out of this week, but there
is a lot more than in the U.K.
For example, on PSP we've got Crazy Taxi Fair War, also Tomb Raider Anniversary, that's
going to be coming out.
On the DS you've got Mega Man, Star Force Pegasus, and Star Force Leo, and if you're
buying through GameStop, Star Force Dragon.
Also, we've got Glory Days 2, which is supposed to be a pretty good kind of a side scroller
or strategy game.
On the Wii, Boogie is going to be coming out.
It's kind of a scene in karaoke game, or dancing in karaoke game.
PlayStation 3, nothing, although I do believe that Splinter Cell Double Agent I thought
was coming out this week.
I don't know.
And then on PC, aww, no Tycoon game this week.
That's a first.
Damn.
You know, I was really hoping.
Pac-Man Rally Tycoon is coming out on the PC, go figure.
No, there's Attack on Pearl Harbor, so that's kind of cool.
And, I don't know.
Star Defender 3, woohoo.
Alright, well coming out in Japan, Japan's also kind of having a bit of a slow week when
it comes to game releases, but they do have one big one that a lot of folks are looking
forward to.
On the PlayStation 2, Final Fantasy XII International Zodiac Job System is coming out this week.
The dumbest name for a game.
It's basically the International Zodiac Job System.
It's the international version.
Yeah, the international version that doesn't go anywhere but Japan.
It doesn't get released anywhere else.
I know, but there will be people importing it.
There are, I believe it's just the voiceovers, you can select English options.
I don't think the text is English.
Oh, because that would be awesome if it was in English because then you could import it.
Well, most of the other international versions is what people did.
Like Kingdom Hearts II Final Men just for chains of memories on PS2.
But the text wasn't English, I thought.
I thought it was just the voices.
I'm not sure, to be honest, because I already have Final Fantasy XII and I could care less
about new systems.
But you get to do new International Zodiac Jobs.
Yippee.
Whatever that means.
I think it meant that you're supposed to cater your characters to more like one classic class.
Like one of them is more like a red mage and the other one is more like a black mage.
They had new classes too or something, funny languages because it wasn't English.
Also coming out, which we should note, on the DS, the DS has a little bit more releases.
Of course, there's another Yu-Gi-Oh! game coming out, Yu-Gi-Oh!
Dual Monsters GX.
And also coming out, we should say, on Nintendo's DS from Nintendo,
Donkey Kong Jungle Climber or the King of Swing is coming out in Japan as well.
King of Swing 2, basically.
And Looking at SP.
Hey, there's a Professional Atlas Travel Guide.
That would be the most fun game ever.
I want to look up where Rome is at.
Wild Arms XF or Wild Arms Crossfire.
You can also look forward to that.
It's not as cool as Dust Cap 2.
I know.
Not as cool as Dust Cap 2.
Definitely.
Well, that's it.
That's all the release dates I'm going to care to name this week.
Well, one upcoming release that we're going to get some more information about at Tokyo
Game Show this year is Metal Gear Solid 4, where it's rumored that the game will actually
have a release date announced.
Although, we're probably guessing March right now.
So, we just had a story about naming a date where they're going to name a release date.
Damn it!
I did it again!
I thought we said no more of these stories about naming a date where they're going to
have a date.
This is so stupid.
I'm sorry, why do people get excited about this?
No, it's okay.
Fired!
No, we can't fire Loki.
Or else, where else would we record this week?
We'd be screwed.
Yeah.
Alright.
Some other things to note really quickly.
Some releases coming out in Europe.
Super Paper Mario is finally coming out in Europe on September 14th, speaking of dates.
Can you believe it?
It's coming out for 35 pounds in Europe.
Wow, that's probably how much weight you gained waiting for this game to come out, I guess.
I don't know.
Why would you just be sitting there or something?
Wouldn't you be active?
You're camped outside the store, remember?
Not for Paper Mario, for Pac-Man Rally thing or whatever it was called.
While you're enjoying Pac-Man Rally, wait for Paper Mario.
I guess, okay.
I guess you can get 35 pounds that way.
Now, what is much more important that is on the Nintendo DS on September 14th over in
Europe is freshly picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland is finally coming out.
Loki, will you be importing it?
Because the great news is the DS is region-free.
Even though there's no plans to release this game in the US yet, you can actually import
this game still for probably about, I think I saw it listed somewhere for about 45 bucks
if you want to get Tingle.
A waste of 45 dollars.
Why not?
Why won't you buy this game, Matt?
Why the hate for Tingle?
Because I don't like Tingle.
I think Tingle's a stupid character.
I didn't like him in Wind Waker.
Why the hell would I like him now?
Now that he has his own game?
I wonder if the game is any good.
I haven't heard anything about it.
I don't bet he's going to be in fucking Smash Brothers Brawl.
As a playable character?
And then I'll never hear the fucking end of it.
Tingle's in fucking Smash Brothers.
Check it out.
I don't think he'll be in it.
I don't remember how that got started, associating Loki with Tingle.
It's because I did his voice once.
And ever since then, it's just never-ending.
It would be really weird to have him in it, though, because they're using all the Zelda
things.
Oh!
Do Tingle's voice.
That'd be awesome.
They're using the Zelda things from Twilight Princess, and even though I didn't beat the
game, I never saw Tingle there.
Yeah, but he was in Wind Waker, and I think he was in one of the Nintendo 64 ones.
He was in a crappy one, Majora's Mask.
But they've already covered Wind Waker and all that stuff, I thought, in the last game.
But if they're giving him his own game, they also fucking took Balloon Fight, and made
his own version of that.
Come on.
I'm just not-
It's quirky and weird in Japanese.
I hate the Japanese.
GS68 is in chat and says, Tingle, as the Super Smash Brothers Brawl character, will Loki
get shot?
Wonder Dog Harold has a suggestion, Loki should just say he likes Tingle, and then no one
would bring up Tingle ever again.
I don't like Tingle, though, that's the thing.
I think he's a stupid character.
All right, it's done.
We're beating a dead horse here, seriously.
Okay, let's go on and go to break.
We're gonna go to break, and when we come back from break, we're gonna get into some
more information on Part B, including some news about the Xbox 360.
Sounds pretty exciting.
Yeah, the ultra-secret announcement for next week, or this week, I should say.
Okay, we'll get into that very soon, as well as talking about some game delays, that's
always fun.
And Shane is gonna read tonight's mailbag.
Totally.
That should be interesting, to say the least.
Watch out, because I might make fun of you.
All right, so we'll be back in just a moment with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
