Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Wokey!
Tonight, August 26, 2007, new Castlevania games are being made for an unlikely platform,
Sony confirms a video recorder for the PlayStation 3,
and a much anticipated 360 game gets pushed back to December.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game podcast dedicated to video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
My head is numb.
Who doesn't have a microphone on tonight?
I do now.
There you go. How are you doing?
Hey, I have a head injury, so leave me alone.
I'm sorry to hear. What happened to your head?
I was getting out of the car and then I was getting back into the car and my foot slipped out from under me.
I see.
On the gravel outside and I hit my head on the top of my Lancer.
Aw, sorry to hear it.
Metal hurts when it hits you in the head.
Yes.
It was like one moment I'm upright, the next moment I actually have my head laying on the seat of the driver's side of my car.
Do you think that the great people up in the sky were trying to tell you something?
I have a concussion, Rob.
Sorry to hear it.
Well, this should make for a riveting tonight's show, so we'll see.
All right, also joining us, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you doing?
Doing good.
Excellent.
All right, well, let's get into how we like to start the show off always with a little bit of how is your gaming week.
If you want to join along and participate in the program, though, head on over to our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, and you can participate in tonight's program.
Meanwhile, let's start it off.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I played a bunch of Final Fantasy VI in the car and then didn't save it.
That's not good.
On a Game Boy Micro, I was extra motion sick for the entire time. It was fantastic.
And then I got like 2 million, I'm sorry, 2 billion on a World Cup soccer the other day. I was pretty happy.
Pinball?
Yes, pinball.
Pinball fun?
Well, hi, they just take up space. I have no choice but to play them.
What's more fun, pinball or Final Fantasy?
Pinball.
All right, just curious.
I would sell Final Fantasy Pinball if that existed.
Dude, that would be beautiful.
They should make a Final Fantasy Pinball.
But pinball is instant gratification because it goes banging. It makes noises.
And I actually...
It's banging.
Dan took the glass off of our Twilight Zone, so I put the camera in and took pictures from inside the machine.
You know what else would be cool with pinball machines? A laser light show, if they could do that, too.
Tonight's show is very broken. I'll explain why in a minute. I'm trying to multitask in a lot of different ways.
Anything else you want to share with your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
I don't like concussions. They should make concussion the game.
How exactly does that work? How would concussion the game?
You just go around hitting people in the head.
And the worse of a head injury you give them without killing them, the better you score.
All right, well, let's go over to Loki and check in with you. How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was good. Not quite as extensive as last week, but still good.
Let's see, of course, being that Bioshock came out, of course they played tons of that.
And I haven't really gotten too far in it yet.
I actually restarted the game once because I realized...
I'm trying to streamline my achievement getting there.
And I realized there was an achievement for not killing any of the little sisters.
So, unfortunately, I rescued the first little sister and then killed the second one because I wanted to see what happened.
What happened was...
You just want to see what happens when you kill little girls.
What happened was that I was unable to get an achievement, so I need to restart the game, so now I'm doing that again.
I love how you'll go back and play the whole game over just because you missed an achievement.
Oh, hell yeah. Well, I don't want to have to play the whole game over again.
And I wasn't that far to begin with, so now I'm just going back and doing what I did.
And then, of course, I played the Silent Hill Origins demo that magically got leaked out there.
So, I played that on the PSP, and I gotta say, man, between what we saw originally, like the Konami BBQ,
to what it is now, completely different game.
I mean, this game looks friggin' awesome.
It's just... I don't know, it looks actually better than some of the PlayStation 2 versions.
So, definitely one to pick up on the PSP.
And, let's see, other than that, I actually played a little bit of Saints Row.
We finally got our entire game room up at work, and we did a five-player Saints Row deathmatch on that.
It looks sweet, the setup we have, and hopefully I'll have some pictures soon.
What exactly does your game room at work consist of?
The game room at work consists of five Xbox 360s, and there's LCD monitors for each one of those.
And then, four of those are tied into a 37-inch LCD TV that we have mounted to the wall.
So, if you really wanted to, you can actually tune in on the TV, four different monitors,
and see what other people are, you know, their perspective.
So, if someone's watching us play, they don't have to look over our shoulders,
they can actually dial it in and see what other people are doing.
Or, you know, you can just play it on the TV if you're only doing one person on there or something.
So, other cool things we talked about doing with that is actually like Project Gotham Racing,
where you could do four people actually racing each other,
and then the fifth one would be on the big screen,
and that would be kind of one of the spectator mode options there,
so that way everyone's racing and you see like kind of a racetrack view of the whole game.
So, that would be pretty slick.
But, it's basically for the event that we've got coming this coming week,
with our publishers coming out and stuff.
And also, really it's for Grand Theft Auto IV, because we're that obsessed with Grand Theft Auto.
Too bad you got all that set up, and now you're going to have to wait until next year, though.
That's okay. We've got Saints Row in the meantime,
and we're going to beg the publishers to give us copies,
multiple copies of upcoming games that would possibly be something we'd want to play.
All right, well, let me get some comments here from our chat room, chat.orangelaunchrader.com.
I'm looking at rawstealut says,
Not killing any of the Little Sisters is how you get the best ending, too.
And then undeadzerglings asks, Achievement Whore?
Yes, Loki's an Achievement Whore.
He will buy games just to get the achievement points out of them.
Not necessarily. I don't really do that anymore.
I will play games that are crappy for your achievements sometimes.
Out of the last few Xbox Live Arcade releases,
how many would you say you bought strictly to get the achievement points out of them?
None of the recent ones, because I've kind of got a little bit smarter on that.
But let's see, previous ones that I bought for achievements, Pac-Man, Frogger.
Shit, what else did I buy?
I don't know, there's quite a few games that I bought on kind of like an impulse buy.
Luckily now I've gotten it where I don't buy games straight out right.
I will play the demo first, except for Catan.
Catan had to download the full thing, but I knew what that was before I played it.
But yeah, now I strictly play the demos first, and then if I like it, I'll buy it.
SHA100Matt in our chat says, so Loki is more of a high-priced whore now.
Exactly.
My gaming week, I didn't play a whole lot of new stuff.
I, unlike most of America, did not run out and buy Bioshock right away.
Because I'm kind of holding out to see if some used copies or a price cut shows up.
Plus I'm going to be in LA most of next week.
I would say, well locally you can buy it at Fry's for $49.99.
Really? See, that's what I'm holding out for, some deals like that.
I heard Circuit City was doing some type of sale too.
That's the other thing too I was going to say.
I bought the limited edition, and I'm sure everyone read on the internet that they've had some problems with the figurines breaking.
And I was so lucky that I went into GameStop, and there's a big fucking post-it note on mine that says broken figurine.
And they're looking at it, and they're looking at me and kind of thinking in their heads, how are we going to get this guy to take it?
So they're all, yeah, this is the last one, and the figurine's broken.
I don't know what to do to fix it, so I needed to go to some website.
I'm like, well do you have the website that I'm supposed to go to?
Well I don't know what it is, let me check my email.
Finally they got it for me.
But you know, to be honest, I opened the thing up, took some super glue to it, you can't even tell it broke.
So I don't care, I don't want the fucking art book.
You can download it for free, I don't need that thing.
But the other thing about the limited edition, if you are, I don't know if you can still buy them now,
but if you are thinking about buying one, let me put it this way, the remix CD that they have on there with three tracks,
they're remixed by Moby, they suck really bad.
They are some of the worst remixes I have ever heard.
I mean, it is just, I would be embarrassed if I was Moby and releasing that shit.
It was awful.
Moby did a whole album of awful though.
I haven't watched the behind the scenes DVD or anything like that, so I can't really judge that.
But that, I popped in that music CD last time, like ooh, remixes, I'm going to check it out.
No, it was crap.
Awful, awful, awful crap.
But the game is awesome though, so it doesn't matter.
I just wanted the figurine for my desk.
Didn't give a shit about the extra CD.
Alright, well let's see, what did I do for My Gaming Week?
My Gaming Week, oh gosh, I didn't do a whole lot of new stuff.
I did play some of the new offerings on Xbox Live Arcade, like Space Giraffe.
Space Giraffe is interesting because it tries to assert itself that it's not Tempest,
although it kind of is Tempest to me.
But here's the thing, and I love Tempest,
Tempest 2000 is one of my favorite games of all times.
Space Giraffe is really hard to see.
The colors that they chose to use in this game, the purples and the yellows,
they all blend together and it's really hard to make out what the hell is going on in this game.
Unlike the old school Tempest, where the web was blue,
the enemies were red, your bullets were green,
it was really easy to see everything kind of stick out,
and not so easy in this one.
I wasn't big on the visuals in Space Giraffe,
although I did think some of the jokes were really funny.
There's pictures in the background,
and when you get the pods that let you jump off the web,
it will say, Pod Get, and all these interesting things.
That's fantastic.
It's kind of funny.
It's obvious that the developers obviously love themselves some games,
but I don't know.
The visuals really take a lot away from the game for me.
So that's really it.
Other than that, I've just been trekking along as usual on World of Warcraft.
I'm looking forward to playing Overlord,
because I just got a copy of that,
so I'm going to be checking out Overlord this week.
So we'll see how that goes.
It's awesome.
I would be still playing it if Bioshock didn't come out.
It's just stupid fun.
I mean, it's one of those games that they try to convince you
that doing the right thing is going to benefit you in some way,
and then just unfortunately the AI just really pisses you off,
and you're just like, fuck it, I'm going to kill you all now.
And then you realize, hey, helping them out actually didn't do anything for me,
so I'm just going to kill them all.
All right.
That's pretty much it for my Game of the Week.
I don't have a lot else to share, so what else do we get into now?
I guess we can move on to some housekeeping.
So housekeeping.
First off, we are going to be incorporating video into the show real soon,
and that's why you've heard me kind of messing around a little bit
during the pre-show there, and I am somewhat distracted,
because on the laptop I'm playing with this site we're going to be using
to stream our video, operator11.com,
which if you guys are familiar with All Games All Games Interactive,
it's the website they use,
they've been encouraging some of the other shows on the network to start using it.
Although I do want to make clear, we're not turning into a TV show,
and we're not going to be using video too heavily.
We just want you guys to be able to see us as we broadcast the show if you want.
I don't know why people would want to see that.
And we're not going to be using the, was it the...
You can call us with your webcam and all that stuff?
Well, that...
Hey, playing porn on the webcam,
that was something that we did back at the old apartment,
a couple studios ago, when we used to play Gals Panic over the webcam.
Yeah, no, we're not going to be turning into a TV show suddenly,
it's just like a little something extra.
And the funny thing is, I was streaming the first part of the show,
but this is how fickle it is and how broken it is,
I was actually streaming the first few moments of the show,
and then I accidentally clicked the wrong link, and now it's gone.
Like, I accidentally refreshed the page and screwed everything up.
So I'm going to have to start over again later or something, I don't know.
So I'm still trying to get used to this program.
So maybe we'll stream part B, I don't know.
But it's off now, it was going.
But in the channel, there's some video of me playing Super Metroid earlier,
but the audio is all screwed up.
I really don't encourage you to visit it.
It's not worth your time.
We're trying, though.
We've heard a lot of folks, especially the folks that listen to us live on Sunday night,
want to see video, so we're trying to add that into the show,
but we're not going to go TV all of a sudden.
Why would you want to see video?
I don't know.
We don't do anything.
We don't really do anything.
I don't know what you think this is.
Are they under the impression that there's an actual lounge in here,
that we're all kicking back with martinis or something, you know?
Just shooting the shit.
I mean, we're just sitting in a small room.
I think it has potential maybe later on if we want to shoot video
at whatever tournaments we end up at or shows we end up at.
We can put that in the show and interviews we do as well,
and then the video users can see video,
but the audio users don't have anything taken away from them.
You know what I mean?
So I just want to see how we can enhance with video.
But that's a long time coming.
We'll see.
If you have ideas, e-mail us, mailbag at orangelandrader.com,
and I, of course, will be talking to some of the folks
that already use Op 11 and see what they think.
But I don't want to go crazy with a TV show,
and Dark Soccer doesn't like TV either,
so I know she's not a big fan of the television.
Especially with Scott's public access green screen,
his little test thing.
I'd laugh.
I was just like, oh, my God, dude.
Good times.
All right.
Well, anyway, let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, why don't you start us off tonight with some gaming news?
It's so incredibly cheesy.
Anyways, no, gaming news.
So this week, a little interesting.
We're going to start things off, of course,
talking about a very interesting development out of Leipzig,
and that would be the new track and field game on the DS.
It's, I guess, the 25th anniversary of track and field,
and as you remember last week,
I could care less about the Xbox Live Arcade game,
but now there's the new international track and field game,
which is going to feature 20 different athletic events,
and I guess there was going to be some unlockable Konami characters to play,
including they've got Sparkster from Rocket Knight Adventures
and Pyramid Head from Silent Hill 2,
which, to be honest, I think Pyramid Head would win
because he'd just butcher everybody else,
but I wonder if raping people is one of the events in there
because he only rapes monsters.
Pyramid Head being in the game is all kinds of awesome, though,
you have to admit.
That's pretty rad.
Anyway, later in the program, during part B,
we'll be talking about characters we would like to see
in this track and field game in a segment we call Listless,
but we'll get into that a little later in the program.
They didn't say anything else about the events
or any additional, like, how the game will play.
Is it going to be button mashing again?
That's what I want to know.
Well, I'm assuming since it's on the DS,
it's probably going to have something to do with the stylus,
but they didn't really say anything other than
there will be four player matches via,
they said locally or via Wi-Fi.
I'm assuming Wi-Fi ad hoc and Wi-Fi infrastructure.
Downloadable content and online rankings, leaderboards,
and detailed player profiles.
So that's kind of cool that they're going to do leaderboards
and that kind of thing.
And I guess a ticker to include, like, a news feed.
It says promise to update anyone playing online
whenever a world record is broken.
Oh great, so playing the new track and field is going to be like watching CNN.
You're going to have to try and watch what's going on in this box,
and you've got the ticker down here,
and then you've got the stock report over here,
or, I'm sorry, the people that are online over here.
How did they cram all that on a DS screen?
It looks cool.
I'm surprised they didn't do, like, a Wii version to go along with that, you know.
Alright, looking at chat here and what's going on there,
your nickname says,
Memo to Konami, use the fucking DDR pad for track and field.
Undead Zurgling says, I think Pyramid Head only rapes dolls.
No, he rapes the nurses too.
Escapist says, just what the world needed, more track and field.
Nintendo Maniac 64 said, Pyramid Head's in track and field? Dude!
And then going back to the webcam chat we had just before the show started there,
let's see, we had Jaded says,
I think it would be funny seeing Loki kick everyone's ass during one of his fits about Max.
Kropotkin says, I mean, seeing people's faces stresses what people are thinking and saying.
Dark Knight says, remember Rob did TV before.
That was, like, ten years ago. I wouldn't even count that.
I'm an old man now.
My young, fresh television face is long gone.
Alright, let's...
Now it's kind of moldy.
Yes, it is getting a little moldy and wrinkly.
Alright, but you'll be able to see it in all its glory in Op11.com pretty soon.
As soon as I figure out how to get through an entire segment without screwing it up and deleting all the video.
That'll be wonderful.
I did want to say that for anyone who actually watches Deviant, who's on DeviantArt,
UdonKru did the cover art for the track and field game.
So you can actually check out their DeviantArt page for some of the work they did on it.
And some of those chibi characters were really cute.
Like, chibi Pyramid Head is still a winner.
I do have to agree with Shane, though.
They used the movie P-Hitty.
They didn't use the P-Hitty that you love and adore?
No, not the one with the unwieldy, gigantic head.
Sorry to hear it.
Well, moving on to other DS releases that will be upcoming very soon.
Final Fantasy IV has gotten some coverage in Famitsu Magazine.
And you can get your hands on some of the latest scans there from Famitsu Magazine.
They're all around the web.
And boy, this game looks pretty hot.
I mean, imagine, again, Final Fantasy IV, but in Final Fantasy III's engine, so to speak.
And I was just looking at some of these screenshots.
It looks great.
It looks like you still have five people on the battlefield, obviously,
because that was kind of important to the story.
But I was looking at pictures of, like, here's a picture.
I know this is great television here.
But here's a picture of Rydia looking all younger and everything.
And the Dragoons.
Pretty awesome.
I know dsfamboy.com has a picture of the scans if you want to check that out.
I'm sure they're all around the internet as well, though.
However, no release date still revealed for this game,
but probably pretty soon in Japan and probably a little bit longer for us in the U.S.
Have you heard anything about a release in the U.S. for this, Loki?
No, the next two games come out here.
There's Final Fantasy Tactics The Lion War, Final Fantasy XII Revenant Wings,
Front Mission DS, and Dragon Quest Monsters Joker.
And this will probably be, if anything, in the spring, maybe.
We'll see.
Well, that's all I have to say on Final Fantasy IV,
but it is one of my favorite Final Fantasy games,
so I'm very excited to see what they pull off of this.
Yeah, wake me up when they bring out VI.
Rob, are you spoonie?
It's a possibility.
You're a spoonie bard.
I'll have you know.
No.
Well, for anyone who's into mobile gaming,
there is an offering for the mobile phone.
This Castlevania Order of Shadows that they're saying is a collaboration with Igarashi,
who I got a hug from.
That was great.
Well, sort of.
I took a picture with him.
But I thought that it was very interesting that it just says collaboration,
so I don't really know if he's actually going to be involved on it.
There's also a developer's corner on the mobile website for Konami
where they have it listed there as the lead game designer is Tyrone Rodriguez.
So, anyway.
But it's supposed to be released on September 18th,
so if you really care, then have fun.
I was looking at some of the pictures of it, and, well, I don't know.
It's a cell phone game.
How great can it be?
I'll tell you what, though.
It has the skull thingies.
There's some pretty powerful stuff on cell phones right now.
Will it be dualed?
Well, not like that, but not necessarily game-wise, but application-wise.
Like, you know how you can download Gmail
and actually run that as an application on your phone?
Depending on what, like, your phone has to be kind of made in the past couple years,
and it runs like Java-based things.
But now they have an Opera mini browser,
and I swear it is so much more powerful and better than the Sprint built-in browser
that I have on my phone otherwise.
It's awesome.
Well, this doesn't look too bad.
And Yahoo has its own thing now, too.
So, I'm sure cell phone games are getting better and better,
but it's still not my gaming platform of choice, that's for sure.
I know what the graphics remind me of.
What's that?
It reminds me of Rondo of Blood on the TurboGrafx.
That's what it looks like.
Interesting.
All right, well, let's move on to some more stories.
Yes, and speaking of other phone-based games,
and more homebrew stuff, of course.
MAME has been ported over to the iPhone,
or at least it's beginning to be ported over there.
Right now it doesn't really run a lot,
but some games like Pac-Man and Qbert run pretty well.
And then, of course, some other ones you have to have with frame skipping
and lower sound quality.
But, I don't know, it looks interesting.
You had a start of better things to come, I'm sure.
But the iPhone's going to be an interesting platform to program games on
because I would think that looks like a little bit beefier of a phone,
at least a pretty large screen on them,
compared to, say, a normal phone.
And then, of course, with the touchscreen stuff.
It'll be interesting.
It still doesn't sell me on an iPhone just yet.
Oh, fuck no, it's $600.
Well, you remember Extrofer from the show, right?
He just bought an iPhone, and he's all crazy about it.
There are some really cool things that the iPhone does, don't get me wrong.
And there is that impulse buyer in me that kind of wants one.
And I think I put to somebody else,
an iPhone is probably on my list of wants above a PlayStation 3 still.
But the thing about Apple is that you know next year
they're going to come out with a different model that is a little bit better.
Next year? Let's try, like, Christmas.
We'll see. I don't know.
RossdielUT says,
The iPhone sucks for gaming, it has no real buttons.
Jaded says, MySpace will redeem the iPhone, lol.
I think that means sarcasm there.
Again, if you want to join our chat, chat.orangessontrader.com.
Of course, lots of development going on for cell phone games,
and also another system that kind of makes people raise their eyebrows
when new games are announced for it, the Dreamcast.
Yes, the Dreamcast still has games being built for it.
There's some games being made by Red Spot Games,
and at the Leipzig Games Convention they were showing Dalforce.
It's a shooter title, which is up to four players,
because remember the Dreamcast, you had four ports on there.
And there's another game called Wind and Water Puzzle Battles.
It's a puzzle action game that's being ported from another system.
Both games are scheduled to be released in the first quarter of 2008.
So all you hardcore Dreamcast fans can check out those games.
I'm still missing, I have a box with my Dreamcast packed in it.
Or two boxes. I've only found one, and that one has, like,
just the AV cords and controllers.
I'm like, where's my Dreamcast?
You know, I think I might have it, because I only got two Dreamcasts.
Oh, maybe that's where it is, okay.
Maybe when your Dreamcast got put in a box of mine somehow,
when we lived together like three years ago.
I need it back just so I can play Dreamcast games.
Sure thing, I don't really use it anymore.
Would you buy new games for Dreamcast, Dark Saga?
Yes.
Just because?
Yes.
I mean, okay, don't get me wrong.
I don't buy Dreamcast.
I don't know if I'd buy new games for Dreamcast,
but if I remember correctly, I think the copy protection
of Dreamcast games was pretty crappy, so.
All right, well, I don't think I'll be buying these,
but it'll be interesting to see what happens with it.
That's for sure.
Well, back to more present-day gaming information,
I think this is really cool.
They're basically saying that in the U.S.
that the sales of games and consoles has raised,
gone up by 37% since the time of 2006.
Total sales coming up to $925 million,
which I think is actually pretty cool.
But it's not a billion.
So you know what?
Wake me up when it's a billion.
The total sales are at $7 billion.
All right.
Yeah.
But basically, hardware itself is actually raised by 77.4%.
$380.8 million sold.
And actually, most of it is the Wii.
Wait, and this was over the same period last year is what it is?
Yeah.
Okay, that makes sense,
because you have new systems out there,
the Wii and the PlayStation 3, for whatever it's worth,
that just weren't out there at this time last year.
And the PS2 and PSP were outselling the Xbox 360, of course.
Biggest games of the month were NCAA Football 08 on 360,
Guitar Hero Encore, Roxy 80s, PS2 Wii Play,
NCAA Football 08 on PS2, and Mario Party 8 on Wii.
That's amazing that Wii Play still continues to sell so many copies.
But I guess it's just people wanting a free Wiimote.
Sort of.
Also, I should point out that sales in Japan have also increased quite a bit.
The DS itself went actually just within a week,
sold 153,834 units.
That was pretty cool.
This is the last week, fiscal week, I should say.
For the Wii, it actually made it up to 73,938,
thanks to some of the really cool games that are out.
PSP, no real game success.
They've sold 33,715 units.
PS3, 21,231 units.
Numbers, numbers, numbers.
What does it all mean, though?
I'd say one of the biggest sellers were Everybody's Golf 5.
Huh.
Which is a game that's not even out here yet, right?
No.
Interesting.
Other games that were giving the PS2 a boost were J-League winning 11, 2007.
But the poor Xbox 360, poor baby, only 2,445.
Poor, poor baby.
Wait, 2,000?
Yeah.
Xbox 360s or regular Xboxes?
They don't like Xbox 360.
No, that can't be right.
There's got to be more than that.
Blue Dragon sold more copies than that.
My apologies.
Maybe it's regular Xboxes.
It must be regular.
No, it says Xbox 360.
Or in the last month.
I call shenanigans.
Probably the last one.
I'm hoping a typo then, because...
Yeah, it's got to be Xbox, regular Xboxes or something.
It says Xbox 360, but...
I think it's crap.
But it says it's based on region, so...
Alright.
Anyways, if you want to contribute to those wonderful sales numbers, there's going to
be some good stuff coming out this week, especially in the US.
Starting off, if you're a fan of golf, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 will be coming out on PlayStation
2, PlayStation 3, 360, Wii, and PSP, along with the DS, I believe.
And also, Stuntman Ignition is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 this
week.
It's actually a pretty fun driving game.
If you're into some role-playing games, Wild Arms 5 is coming out on PlayStation 2.
Also on Xbox 360, we have Blue Dragon making its way out.
Let's see here, you happen to be looking forward to Dynasty Warriors, Dynasty Warriors Gundam
on PlayStation...
Or, I'm sorry, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 will be coming out this week.
Other games to note, MotoGP 2007 on the 360, Warhawk on the PlayStation 3, as well as Lair.
Lair is going to be coming out on the 30th, so they kind of bumped it up a week.
And let's see, on PC, Left Behind Eternal Forces, the game has been getting some controversy
there.
As well as the Guild Wars expansion is going to be making its way out, Eyes of the North.
And let's see here, also on the Wii, we've got Metroid Prime 3 Corruption, as well as
Brunswick Pro Bowling, which is supposed to be also coming out on PlayStation 2 and PSP,
I believe.
Okay.
Are any of those games something you guys are picking up?
I definitely will probably pick up Blue Dragon, even though the demo is kind of eh.
And I'll probably pick up Metroid Prime as well.
I'm going to be gone most of the week.
I'm holding off on Blue Dragon, because I think I might get a copy anyways.
This one was also interesting, I forgot to mention it.
On PSP, they've got three games that are pretty cool.
Deadhead Fred, which looked pretty cool.
And then Naruto Ultimate Ninja Heroes, and Monster Hunter Freedom 2 looked actually pretty
good.
Are you going to get any of those games, Dark Saga?
Probably Blue Dragon, but I'll just get down to rent whatever I want first.
Buy before you buy.
Exactly.
Alright.
Moving on to the Japanese release dates, and what's going on over there.
Hitman Blood Money finally comes out in Japan this week on August 30th on the Xbox 360.
Blade Storm, The Hundred Years War coming out on the PlayStation 3 also this week in
Japan.
$95 if you want to import that sucker into the US.
Long time listeners of our program probably are interested in this release on the PlayStation
2.
Mania 2DX 13th Distorted is coming out on the PlayStation 2 this week.
And also coming out on the PlayStation 2, Jintama Jinsan Toishiboku no Kabuki Machiniki.
I love the long, long Japanese titles.
It's an action game, but I don't know, the screenshots of this game look like it has
an awful lot of cinematics for being a little bit of an action game.
Another game coming out on the PlayStation 2 for Marvelous Entertainment, Katai Kiyoshi
Hitman Reborn, Dream Hyper Battle, another action game coming out there on the PlayStation
2.
Coming out also on the PlayStation 2, Yoki Haim Denn in limited edition and regular formats,
an adventure game coming to you from Idea Factory.
And my favorite title of the week, love it, love it, love it, Nintendo DS will see the
release of Love Cat Life will be coming out on the Nintendo DS, and here's the best part.
If you look at the box art, it is a complete and utter ripoff of Nintendogs, because you
have the cute little kitties there on the box art, and then it says Love Cat Life written
in that same format.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
You want?
Rob, give me baby kitties.
I can has Love Cat Life?
I want Love Cat Life.
Love Cat Life needs to come out over here so I can play with the kitties.
Although I want-
Look, the cats sing.
There's a singing competition for the cats.
They sing.
Yes.
I think you play the, I think you play with them.
This game looks like a complete ripoff of Nintendogs in every way except for this cat.
The doggies don't sing.
That's a good thing.
Then there's, look, there's a cat rolling around in a toy truck, a little toy dump truck.
I want to see.
I want to see.
That's so cute.
And let's see here.
A cat looking angry at the food that's been placed in front of them.
I want to see.
I'm sorry.
I will post, since I know this makes for great radio, at least for the live folks, I will
copy and paste that into chat so you can take a look at the game.
Jeremy makes that face all the time.
And now you know why.
I don't like this food.
Wake me up when they have lolcats the game.
They should totally make lolcats the game.
Dude, there are so many fucking animal sim games coming out this fall.
It's not even funny.
I'm looking at the chat room.
D.V. says they should make Nintend ferrets.
Karpakin says no ferret games to be found.
Didn't that come up a couple weeks ago on the show?
There are ferret games.
I found one and it was on the Nintendo, on the Game Boy.
But it wasn't the ferret a supporting character or something?
No, it was a ferret game.
Let's see.
Gold Banjo said Nintendog clones were doomed to happen.
Yes, and they have been happening.
There was that cats with a Z and dogs with a Z we had here.
But seriously, go look at the box art for this game.
It's a complete freaking ripoff of Nintendogs, but that's not a bad thing.
Here's some of them that I can't remember off the top of my head.
Gold Pets with a Z. Dolphins, yes, you can have pet dolphins.
Imagine Babies, that's a pet baby sim.
I kid you not.
Imagine Babies with a Z, by the way, because it's edgy.
There's Puppy Love coming out for the Wii.
I remember that one.
Was it Pets, Dogs, and Cats, and Hamster Life 2 or whatever?
All the sequels to those games from last year.
Okay, one of our frequent guests of Orange L'Entre D'O's back tonight, Mink Latov's here,
fresh from Taco Bell with food.
Thanks for smelling up the crappy food in the room.
What did you want to say about Imagine Babies?
I wonder if it uses that slide sensor that the Nintendo games in Japan use and you could
slide babies around.
It's almost like shaking them.
It'd be so awesome.
Imagine not having babies if you actually buy this game.
I imagine it all the time.
The Imagine Babies series or the Imagine series, I guess, is games meant for girls.
So they have, I kid you not, they have the babies, they have fashion designer, they have
a chef, because women need to cook, and then they also had, what was the other one that
they had that was hilarious?
Oh, pet doctor.
I'm thinking my head hurt even more.
I understand now because women should cook, take care of the animals, and have babies.
That sounds like a perfect line up to me.
See, now it's a bummer the webcam isn't working right now because Dark Soccer is giving me
the finger.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Yes, the webcam broke.
I hit it with a mallet.
I screwed up.
That's a secret.
I hit it with my evil power.
So how about the UK, Rob?
How about the UK?
It's awesome.
Like a hot dog.
Coming out on the 28th.
What if I don't like hot dogs?
Then too after you.
The only type of hot dogs I like are the Costco hot dogs.
The Hebrew International ones.
Those are really good.
Those are the bomb.
Anyway, sorry.
When we used to work over there.
You know what?
Let's leave Orange Lounge Radio and create the hot dog podcast.
That would be awesome.
No, because they are made of lips and thighs.
Ew.
Anyway, on the 28th we have Warhawk on PS3, yay.
On the 31st we have Blazing Angels Secret Mission, Boogie, Dragon Ball Z Goku Densetsu,
Guild Wars Eye of the North, Stuntman Ignition on PS2 and Xbox 360, Tales of the World Radiant
Mythology on PSP, Tamagotchi Party On, why are there still Tamagotchi games?
Tamagotchi party off, please.
Jeez.
Tamagotchi party's over.
Go home.
Although, you know what I found when I was cleaning, Rob?
What?
I found my old Digimon.
Did you really?
Oh my God, that's awful.
Loki, can you paste that artwork in chat so we chatters can see it?
I will do that.
Loki found the artwork for Imagine Babies, and I swear to God it looks like a Sears catalog
photo of this young girl, who can't be more than like 19, holding a young baby who looks
to be about four years old.
That's a big fucking baby.
That's more like an eight month old baby, Rob.
The baby's as big as she is, and the baby doesn't even like, imagine that popping out
of your you-know-wheres.
That's going to hurt.
And guess what?
Shane, you'll be happy to know that you can rock the baby, so therefore you can shake
the baby.
Loki, you need to get us a copy of this game for show research.
I will do that.
Rob wants to raise babies.
That's right.
See, now that we have the Operator 11 stuff, we can have these video shows of us playing
Imagine Babies.
It'll be fun.
No.
Super Metroid for the win.
I did Super Metroid as a test show tonight.
That's the one thing that's on stream right now.
It's hot.
Well then, can I finish reading the games?
Oh, sorry.
Because you distracted me with crap.
Sorry, my bad.
Um, only one more game on the 31st, we have Worms Open Warfare 2 on PSP and DS, another
franchise that, while entertaining while it was new, needs to have that nail in the coffin.
Or at least a chainsaw through the coffin.
That's it.
All done?
Africa.
You sure?
You done?
You sure you're finished?
My head hurts.
Leave me alone.
Imagine Africa.
Not sucking.
Alright.
Ow.
Um, so, yeah.
If you don't want to buy something and you want to kind of play a demo of it, there's
a brand new demo for Folklore that's finally made its way out from Japan to both Europe
and the US.
And I've talked about this before.
It's an awesome demo.
You should check it out.
You actually pull the souls of creatures out of their bodies and fight with them.
I didn't like that game, but I didn't understand what the hell was going on when you were playing
it.
Now that it's in English, it should be a little bit easier to understand, and of course the
full game is coming out early October, so check it out.
It's finally nice to see that there's something to download to the Playstation 3.
Hooray.
Well, I know one game a lot of you folks on the Playstation 3 are looking forward to is
the game Lair.
And the president of Factor 5, who is creating this game Lair, Julian Egbrecht, gave a very
interesting speech at the recent Leipzig conference going on in Germany.
This developer called the ESRB standards and practices a bizarre system, and also called
Lair's certification process a charade.
And he said that in order to be approved for a teen rating, they had to cut out a lot of
the blood originally that was in the game, but burning bodies, screaming burning bodies,
that was okay.
And Egbrecht went on to kind of say, hey, the MPAA's equivalent rating for movies, PG-13,
permits this much bigger spectrum of violence.
Apparently the ESRB has a taboo against sex in games, especially if you're talking about
homosexuals, and is basically trying to get developers to band together against the ESRB.
Push the violence, push the sex, but push it in an artistic way.
Show that games are art.
Interesting little cheer call from the Lair developer.
Maybe he's trying to get people to buy Lair to support his cause, I don't know, but Lair
looks kind of fun, actually.
More games need more butt sex.
You want more butt sex in games?
Surprise butt sex in games.
I don't know about that.
All right.
So that's all I've got to say on Lair.
I have things to say on other stuff.
Imagine that.
I always have things to say.
Imagine.
Jamie not having anything to say.
Hey Rob, you know what, shut up.
I'll have you know real quick, there's a ton of funny, imagine, fake box arts that people
have done.
Like imagine a whore in a bed.
Imagine all my fucking god kittens and domestic violence.
Imagine if you don't eat, everyone will love you.
Is imagine whore in a bed the prequel to imagine babies?
No, because the whore just has a bunch of them and she donates them to science.
Wait, that didn't pick up my mic.
Imagine abortions.
You could totally use the stylus in creative ways.
How about imagine abstinence?
Imagine the next story right now.
Hey Rob.
What?
Anyway, so the PSP's on demand video service is out in Europe in 2008.
Isn't that amazing?
It's called Go.
So you just go.
Hey Jamie.
Go.
Go.
No.
Imagine going.
Is that going to be like our new end joke that we're just going to beat into the ground?
It's already been done.
I hate to tell you, it's over.
Walk away.
So, what's the big deal about this?
It's a video download service.
It will have a rich selection of high quality entertainment, so it says.
Can I watch Lost on it?
It's basically in conjunction with Sky's On Demand video.
So no, you won't be able to watch Lost on it because you're not in the UK.
Yeah, Rob.
Oh.
You can pretend.
Well, can I travel to the UK and download Lost and then come back over here and watch
it?
Only if you live in the UK and can pay for it in the UK and all that.
GS68 in our chat room sums it up really well.
He says, stop imagining.
There you have.
GS68 also wants to know, can I watch porn on it?
Will there be porn on the On Demand service?
It just says entertainment.
Adult entertainment?
So maybe it's like the Fapperama channel.
I don't know.
That porn older we tonight, 13, 12.
That porn On Demand service that you're looking for is called the web browser.
Oh, okay.
Thank you.
It said this would be like sports movies.
Rated E for everyone.
Tunes.
That type of stuff.
All right.
Well, hooray for the On Demand video service, I suppose.
And porn.
It would probably be like skin and axe level.
Not very interesting porn.
Well, guess what?
There is something else that kind of go along with the other Go thing.
Go Messenger, because I have to say that that way because there is an exclamation point
in the middle of the word there, is a PSP, I mean, voice and video chat service that
will be available also in Europe.
And apparently...
Wait, is there a webcam already out in Europe for you to use with the Go Messenger service?
Yes, actually it's called the Go Cam and it's going to be available pretty soon here.
I think some of this stuff is coming over here, but not the Go Messenger.
So the Go service not only has Messenger, voice chat, video chat, but it also has movies
On Demand.
So it's like an all-in-one thing this Go service has.
Is that what you're saying, Loki?
Yes.
All right.
RoboBoy430 in chat wins with this comment.
Agents are Go!
Get it?
Get it?
It wasn't a PSP joke, I'll give you that.
Rob, I need Vicodin to finish the show.
I might have some.
Moving on with other things that Sony has been talking about, this time for the PlayStation
3.
Guess what?
There is a DVR service coming to the PlayStation 3 and this as well is coming to Europe.
It's called Play TV.
It's going to have two high definition tuners and you can record and play various free TV
channels and there's also the standard definition support.
It's going to also use the PSP's remote play features so you can watch live TV and record
TV programs remotely on your PSP over a Wi-Fi connection.
It's going to be first available in the UK, France, Italy, Germany, and Spain with more
PAL territories to follow.
Finally, a reason to have such a big hard drive on the PlayStation 3, yes?
Well in Europe, I'm still waiting for an excuse over here.
Don't you think that it's inevitable this will come out here though or do you think
they're like testing it in Europe?
They're not going to because there's no standardized digital service over here.
D'oh.
So until that happens, we'll still be waiting.
Never.
Well couldn't they team up with one service?
Kind of like, didn't Xbox 360 team up with that new AT&T service?
I don't know, but I would think if they're going to do a digital service, do like a satellite
service, because that's supposedly all digital, but I don't know.
All right.
Well also, all digital every week is Dark Sakura's mailbag segment.
Yay.
Now, last week we had to skip the mailbag segment because of the stupid live 365 downtime
and all that stuff that was going on and also we just didn't have a lot of mail last week
so I said please email us and did the listeners email us this week?
Do we get lots and lots of emails?
Yup.
Hooray.
So we have a nice mailbag segment for you guys tonight.
Of course, you can always interact with us by sending mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com
your emails and Dark Sakura will open up the mailbag and read some of her favorites so
let's go to it.
Reach in the mailbag and pull something out.
What's there this week, Dark Sakura?
Some stuff.
The first of the emails, dun dun dun.
Hey guys, I really like your idea about picking a game and playing it on air.
You gotta have the game audio on there somehow, especially since Sakura has all the systems.
Have a vote of what games everyone wants you to play each week.
You could even replace the FUs of the week with it.
Pendragon.
Um, no, I need my FUs, but thank you for the idea.
Dear OLR, listening to your ideas for games coming from old movies, I feel compelled to
suggest that several of these studios get together and make a Smash Bros. or Capcom
vs. SNK styled fighting game which brings the protagonists from these old classics together
to beat the ever-loving crap out of each other.
Specifically, I wish to see Ewoks fighting the alien cat from the cat from outer space.
Perhaps also Skeletor.
That is all.
Warrior Bob.
Warrior Bob is great.
He's so much fun to hang out with.
I was going to say, backing up to the last email real quick, thanks to our new thingy
on Operator 11, that is definitely a possibility and that was all done on the laptop so I can
haul that thing over to Jamie's house and we can have ourselves some turbo graphics
playing broadcast so we are going to look into doing that in the future.
Yes, Jamie?
Yes.
This must happen.
And it does have the audio.
It's not very good that it does have the audio.
We could have ways around that with proper editing.
There are ways.
We have the technology.
We can build it.
Okay.
If you build it, they will come.
We'll see.
Also, I want to say about the next email, what would you guys want to see in a game
like that?
A Super Smash Bros. game with movie characters.
Chat room, that's open to you guys too, just out of curiosity.
Too bad we already have a topic for tonight's List List.
This will be a good one.
What are you eating?
Ice cream.
That's what I ran out to get.
I want ice cream.
Let's see.
What characters from movies would be good?
How about some of the characters from Kill Bill, of course?
Brokeback Mountain, Miklotov?
I don't know if that would work.
Who would fight in Brokeback Mountain?
Would the two guys switch out?
There was already a fight in that movie.
Was there?
Yeah.
A little bit.
Right?
There was...
Iron is your special weapon?
I got food in my mouth.
Anyway, never mind.
This is a bad idea.
Oh, wait.
We got the chat room.
Thank God.
Kerpokken says, Silent Bob.
DJ Dark Knight says, What about Rinky Bobby?
Love Nanny Chronic.
Black Boy says, Rose McGowan from Planet Terror.
There you go.
Nice.
David Bowie from Labyrinth.
With a special sidekick as Crotch.
Labyrinth versus Dark Crystal, this must happen.
Next email, please.
David Bowie as the king of all cosmos.
That would work.
Oh, my God.
He does sort of look like that now, too, doesn't he?
He's still hot, though.
Greetings.
First of all, thanks for providing such an entertaining podcast on a weekly basis.
You're welcome.
Give me a dollar.
Hey, I'm the one who asks for a dollar every week.
I listen to it every week.
Okay, give me five dollars.
If you're not going to share, don't eat in front of us.
Oh, never mind, it's caramel, and caramel sucks.
I'd rather have a taco.
It's dulce de leche, just so you know.
Yuck.
Read the email, ladies.
It's what we pay you to do.
Shane's making me laugh.
I can't stop.
First of all, okay, I already read all that.
I listen to it every week, and it makes my drive to work that much more tolerable.
Sorry about this week.
I hope I didn't run you off the road with- I want to read the email, Rob.
I have a bunch of them.
I want to interrupt you, Jamie.
I want you to kiss my ass, but not.
It's fine to follow the email in this conversation.
No, it is not.
Shane said it was on the email.
It is not.
A little background.
I have been playing video games for over 28 years.
I am now 35 and have a family, which probably is a little different from your main audience.
I also recognize that a lot of the places you guys describe because I'm a Bay Area person
as well.
Anywho, I will try to keep this short, famous last words.
And I don't think you quite accomplished that, but oh well.
Regarding the discussion of Red Rings on Xbox 360, I completely understand Loki's frustration
in regards to some fans or fanboys commenting regarding the failure rate.
Countless forums and blogs have perpetuated this 33% failure rate as fact when in reality
is merely a number drawn from a tired interview in Australia with some anonymous XEB game
employees.
Someone's ass.
Yeah.
While I wouldn't care if fanboys or other systems believe this themselves, I am irritated
when misinformation is spread around and influenced potential buyers to not buy one because of
false rumors.
Of course, I am in an awkward position actually agreeing with Loki as he tirelessly attacks
the Mac.
Just kidding.
I am a Mac fan, though, and even worked for Apple for a time.
Isn't that amazing how many Mac fans we have that stick with this show even though Loki
you know, bashes Apple products when he can?
Your Mac made me want to die last night.
Just because I don't like them doesn't mean you shouldn't like them.
I just, I'm giving you my opinion.
You're like, well, we should all think like you.
Way to be sheep.
People, my God.
Your Mac made me want to die last night.
You know, if you didn't challenge my opinion, then you know, you would just be sheep.
Why did my Mac make, oh wait, be quiet, Loki.
Why did my Mac make you want to die last night?
Because you actually need to put AIM on that.
Why?
Use Meebo.
I hate Meebo.
I hate you.
I hate you back.
Email.
No.
You, you were mean to me, Rob.
I'm going to leave now.
Bye.
Do you want some ice cream?
Yuck.
What are you trying to do?
Make my butt bigger?
Well, can I ice cream?
Make her read the email.
Can I finish reading the email?
We'll see.
It's Dolce De Leche.
Oh, no thanks.
What the hell is your people's problem with caramel?
It is gross.
Anyway, can I finish reading the email?
I suppose.
Playing online.
My question for all of you is how much do you truly enjoy playing with strangers online?
Oh, I love strangers.
For me, it's a massive turn off.
I said that, by the way.
No, for me, it's a massive turn off to play with immature jerks constantly, so I have
set up a small league with people I actually know in person.
I rarely ever do any online gaming with strangers anymore.
Honestly, I usually just play with people I know either that or I'm like, no, I don't
want to fight you.
Shut up.
Sometimes I play World of Warcraft.
Sometimes.
Keep up the good work, guys.
Dark Charger.
I don't like to play with strangers online either.
My mommy told me not to talk to strangers, especially on Xbox Live.
Once in a great while, I will, but I totally use that feedback feature if I have to.
So.
Okay.
And which I will not read online as per your request.
Thank you for your PS.
Oh, yes.
I saw that too.
I'm a rat, especially since, well, my other hobbies.
Ah, fair dear.
Yes.
My other hobbies.
Anyway.
Nice email.
Porn.
This is from Robert M. Just two quick thoughts.
One, I almost hope Uwe Boll announces plans to make a movie based on Manhunt and is immediately
sued by You Know Who.
That particular clash of personalities would likely end in destruction of the career of
one or both, seeing how neither would back down prior to that point.
Secondly, I was wondering if HMMJDS has only songs from the Disney show or the Hannah Montana
game or stuff from the average non-fan of the show would recognize.
According to IGN, it does allow you to create your own music tracks, nothing about songless
though or if play to the present music is even an option.
I don't know, but I'll try to find out.
I'd be surprised if it weren't.
And apparently, oh yeah.
Is Footy Monster, our resident Hannah Montana fan in chat tonight?
I do see he is, so maybe he can answer that.
I don't know.
Nobody loves Hannah Montana more than Footy Monster.
The next email.
Hi guys.
MeezerCrazy, I guess that's how it's pronounced here.
I'm new to your podcast and I think you guys are funny as hell, especially Dark Soccer.
You crack me up.
Oh, thank you.
I crack lots of people up when I have a mallet.
Anyway, I was wondering if any of you would know if there are any plans for Nintendo on
releasing any Turbografx-16 CD-ROM or Super CD games on the Virtual Console, like Splash
Lake, Monster Lair or Dracula X.
Oh God, I love you already.
Can you think of any Turbo CD games that you'd like to see on the Virtual Console?
Thanks and keep up the good work.
I'm just going to say MeezerCrazy since he actually put his name in the email.
I would love to see the Valis series.
It was just one of the regular Sega CD games.
I would actually love to see Sapphire.
It was a game that was one of the arcade CDs.
It was actually one of the first polygon-based shooters.
Very, very, very good game.
I am by no means an expert on these old CD-based systems, so I will simply say Night Trap and
leave it at that.
That wasn't even on the Turbografx-16 CD.
Well, it should have been.
No, because Night Trap kind of sucked ass.
Okay, it sucked a lot of ass, but it had Dana Plato in it.
But I'd love to see Rondo of Blood out there.
I was a little distracted during that previous email because I was trying to talk to Footy
Monster in the chat room and heard us say his name on the show, but he was too busy
looking at porn to hear what the question was.
And Footy Monster did finally, after I clarified with him, he says, it's not known right now
what music is in the Hannah Montana game, but I'm guessing it will be from the show.
At least that's what the big hairy guy on the stage said.
The big hairy guy on the show?
In the porn or in the Hannah Montana thing?
Just kidding.
Okay.
More email.
God, there's a bunch of really long ones.
I can has email?
Okay, this one says, call me Surtur.
Okay.
Hi Surtur.
Every Monday morning I wake up and my magical PSP has downloaded the latest OLR podcast.
I can listen to it on the way to work.
I've been playing Jean Dark.
It is a strategy RPG based on the Joan of Arc story.
Who says the PSP doesn't have great games?
I don't know.
I think I've said that before.
That would be Shane saying that.
Thanks again for the show every week.
PSP sucks.
Doesn't have good games.
You were just playing Silent Hill.
I know.
Back that shit up.
Is it out yet?
No.
It does not have good games.
PSP has a very bright future for it though and a lot of that is thanks to Konami because
of Silent Hill Origins, the Metal Gear game is great and the Castlevania, what the hell
is it called?
Akumajo Chronicles or whatever the shit that thing was.
Yeah.
Rondo of blah blah blah.
Alright.
And Brooktown.
And Brooktown?
No.
No Brooktown.
No Brooktown.
K Kland.
Alright.
Anyway.
Hello, this is Kripatkin from Kripatkin and Hendrick's Game Review Show.
That's cool.
Hi.
He's in our chat room tonight.
And that's the show that's sandwiched in between us when we have our rebroadcast on
all games.
That's hot.
Yes.
I've been listening to your shows, well, Shavvling 2 and FromWhere, picture of my place
of work is below.
Okay.
The email that we use is non HTML, so sorry.
Nope.
And thought I'd drop you a line considering the lack of email you've been getting recently.
I'm going to skip on past the location stuff because it says I can't show it.
You know, since this email is coming from a British listener, I think you should read
this in an accent.
No.
No, I'm not, because I'm tired, and I have a concussion.
I think you should read it within a spot of accents.
I don't care if you have a concussion.
Oh, no.
So, yes, my email topic.
What do you think is going to...
I don't care how you read it, just read the damn email.
Excuse me, Shane.
Hi.
Then remove him from the studio.
This is horrible radio.
Tell Shane to shush.
Shane shush email now.
Okay, where was I?
So, yes, my email topic.
What do you think it's going to take to stop the gaming industry focus on the six-week
window at the end of the year to sell games?
This year is just chronic for making, sorry, chronic for amazing titles being squeezed
into this short period of time.
Just to give you an idea of how bad it is this year, take a look at the list.
Super Paper Mario, not out in Europe yet, Metro Prime, and Metro, Metroid Prime 3, Super
Mario Galaxy, Halo 3, PGR4, Assassin's Creed, Crysis, Zelda Phantom Hourglass, Mass Effect,
Call of Duty 4, Unreal Tournament 3, Ratchet and Clank, Tools of Destruction, World in
Haze, Heavenly Sword, Medal of Honor, Airborne, SEGA Rally, Lost Odyssey, Ace Combat 6, Jericho,
Enemy Territory, Quake Wars, Two Worlds.
Do you remember a game called Beyond Good and Evil?
It was a great game that appeared in Autumn of 2003.
I do remember that game actually.
It was buried by many other less entertaining titles and undeservedly ended up in the bargain
bin.
Makes one wonder which out of the games will suffer a familiar fate.
As I ask you and the rest of the OLR team, when is the gaming industry going to wake
up and realize that the video games can be released year round and not just near Christmas
time?
For what it's worth, my view on it is that when people stop seeing video games as only
being for children games, will cease to be holiday only sale.
Sadly, I don't see that attitude changing anytime soon.
Holy nuts, the almighty coin.
It's Christmas, if they moved Christmas then they could have...
Just keep up the good work.
Seriously, I mean...
It's money, all money.
It's development cycles I think, but no, if you look at it, of course they want to try
to get as many sales in before their fiscal years are up.
That's why you see both Christmas and March as big times for games.
Just look at, right now of course since I sell games at work and stuff, we work on order
forms and that kind of thing.
For August it was three pages long, for October it's about ten to eleven pages long, and November
I'm guessing probably around fifteen pages long.
So that kind of gives you an idea of how much stuff is coming out and it just gets lumped
into that week wherever the fifteenth of November falls and then after that drops down to nothing.
So it's more of the fault of the soccer moms of America than the gaming industry necessarily,
right?
The one day craziness.
But I mean if a good game was released in April, or what's a dead month for gaming?
April is super dead.
Okay, if a good game is released in April, I mean shouldn't that still translate to good
sales for the company year round, right?
Yeah, I mean look at, well this April there was Super Paper Mario and Guitar Hero 2 on
the 360, and those games sold awesome.
Another example of a slow month July, there was NCAA Football 08, and NASCAR.
It's Mario Strikers I guess.
But other than that there wasn't a whole lot.
I mean there's times now during the summer it's like, well shit, there's nothing I really
want to play for a while, whereas in the fall it's like, crap, there's too much stuff, I
don't know what I want to play.
People aren't going to spend more money towards fall on games.
I think if they just spread out their releases all year long, it might be better for them.
Although there are some companies that do that, I mean look at Microsoft and Nintendo,
they do spread out their releases.
They have about a new game coming out each month, a big AAA game I guess.
Well still UT made a good point that Dead Rising came out in March and did very well.
Dead Rising came out in August.
Really?
I thought.
No, I don't remember it coming out late.
Regardless, there's a couple good games that do come out off cycle every year, no matter
what the specifics are.
But I was going to say, to me though, games really aren't doing anything different than
movies and music.
I mean look at the movie industry, all the big movies are always out in the summertime.
And then when do all the crap movies come out?
After Christmas, like January, February is when, well, sometimes you have the Oscar movies
trying to push for awards or whatever.
But you know, there's a lot of dead, the same kind of cycle, because when do the consumers
buy most of their movies during the summer when the kids aren't in school, right?
And then same thing with CDs.
CDs follow a very similar pattern to video games.
All the big CDs come out, what, September, October, November, up to the Christmas season,
and then when you get into January, it's a dead month for the CD and music releases.
So of course I'm not sure how online distribution changes all that, if at all, but just kind
of something to think about.
Dead Rising was August 9th, 2006.
Okay, I don't, then what did it say March for?
It doesn't matter.
Well, anyway.
Shall I move on to another email?
If you must.
Dear OLR crew, after listening live last week, I went and downloaded the podcast and heard
all the praise for Bioshock go-around.
If Rob was so convinced to buy it, even though he wasn't a first person shooter kind of guy,
then by golly, it's something I need to take a look at.
I went and plugged down $200 on a video card the next day and stuck it in my computer,
and the first thing I did was go and download the Bioshock demo.
Friggin' amazing.
I need this game right now of the paychecks not being till the end of the month.
Preclude this.
Thanks to Rob for convincing me.
The only complaint I have is the movement is a little sluggish for my taste, reminiscent
of playing Halo on the PC.
I was looking for that run button everywhere.
On the 360, because of the awkwardness of dual analog input, I imagine this allows for
more precision, but I guess I just like my games at faster pace.
I thought the atmosphere was amazing, with the voices and footsteps signaling there was
something out there that you can't see.
Chilled me to the bones.
Of course, my friend who's a complete Counter-Strike addict played the demo and said, I can hear
them from a mile away, and if they didn't make any noise, it'd be scarier when they
popped out.
But I think the thrill of knowing there's something out there and you don't know when
or where it'll come from is better than a cheap pop-out monster thrills.
I know you guys are Silent Hill fans, so which kind of stimuli gets your adrenaline pumping?
Creepy noises and evil things or jump-out-and-scare-the-crap-out-of-you AZHP?
I would say that the atmospheric scary is way better than the pop-out-of-nowhere scary,
even though in the Silent Hill PSP demo, I did jump a couple times because of the stupid
pop-out-of-nowhere sort of scariness, but I feel that's a cheap thrill, whereas the
noises and just the atmosphere stuff is way better and you are more rewarded with that.
I think I would say that the atmosphere adds to the pop-outs, it makes it even more scary.
I tried to play Bioshock PC, but my video card couldn't handle it, cry?
I have to say that I prefer the atmosphere set up, I really love psychological type horror.
I don't like the shock value things.
When people were telling me about Saw and all those, I was like, that just sounds retarded,
I don't care.
Yeah, that's gross.
I don't like Saw, but that's different to me.
I don't think that gross is horror.
I have seen tragedies that gross fits in with.
I think that a good horror movie or game is something that you don't really know it's
meant to be scary, I think, where you think it's just situational and then when something
completely unexpected happens, not the jumping out, but when you hear the noises and then
you think, oh, well, it's going to be this thing and it turns out to be something completely
different.
It's a twist, especially when it messes with your head.
All right.
Any more email?
We've got a long email segment tonight.
Battle Royale was funny, too.
Huh?
Nothing.
I was saying that Battle Royale wasn't scary, it was funny.
I think Silence of the Lambs is a way better movie than something like Saw.
Silence of the Lambs is really good.
But anyway.
And Nive.
Hey, OLR, it's me, Solar Wing.
I can't be in the chat tonight as work frowns upon me using their internet for live radio
stream and such.
I just wanted to start this off by saying thank you.
OLR saved my sanity and possibly me saying something I'd regret.
I took a short trip out to Alberta to see some family and go back to my past.
Of course, there was the obligatory meeting of the cousins.
To describe them, they are blonde valley girls who by some chance of nature have more than
one brain cell and can pull high marks out of their pretentious asses.
I brought my DS and my PSP, but I couldn't get the meeting out of my head.
I was going over what I would say in the morning.
Before I do that, I listened to the podcast I'd previously downloaded.
I brought 21-odd casts and listened to about 8 for a bit, but I was getting more annoyed.
But then I started to listen to your show and I started to calm down.
The humor and pacing was perfect for what I needed, which was to calm the hell down.
I forgot all about the night and simply enjoyed the show.
For that, I'm truly thankful and the only thing that I can suggest is adding the catchphrase
vehicular homicide is wrong even if they are your cousins.
Vehicular homicide is great, especially if they're your cousins.
I don't understand because how is this show calming because this show has me more on edge
tonight.
I think we're distracting.
And if you don't think about the crap that's pissing you off, then maybe you feel better.
Because tonight's show makes me want to do vehicular manslaughter on my cousins.
Listen to me, Rob.
You're so mean.
Whatever.
Get over it, baby.
Imagine not being a baby.
Alright.
Are there more emails?
No, there's just this one.
Oh my god!
How many freaking emails did we get this week?
You do know we like to finish the show in like three hours, right?
I'm reading the rest of this.
Hush.
Alright.
Rob.
No.
To bring this back to video game talk, before I left for my trip, it's tradition I buy a
new game, so I've been holding out and getting Phoenix Wright 2 as I've never played the
first one.
I would like to play them in order.
I picked it up but didn't open it while I was out there and had a chance to go around
the area and found an EB.
We went in and I found the first Phoenix Wright for less than $50.
It was the lowest bidding off of eBay before I left.
It was actually $34 Canadian with tax.
Alberta only has like 6% tax compared to 15%.
So I picked that up and have almost beaten it.
This game is at least a must rent if you have a DS.
From there we went to the West Edmonton Mall and I found ourselves in an arcade where for
the first time I saw Guitar Freaks in Dramania.
I can now agree that Guitar Hero wasn't original but did a lot of things right.
Now listening to the last week's show, I have some questions for you.
The Smash Bros. site has been updating their site daily and I only have to say I can't
wait for this game to come out but do you think they will have online in it?
In my opinion it would be Sonic and Tails.
I'm so sorry Solar Wing, you're great but your emails use punctuation please.
And non-sentences are very very hard to follow.
Now I know why when I read the email you said I'm like Jamie when I was yelling about their
grammar and stuff.
As much as I'd like to see online, I think there's going to be as much online as there
is punctuation in this email.
I wish they would go online with it and I wish maybe that would be like a big surprise
Nintendo is going to pull out of their butt come the end of the year.
Maybe it will be a big E for All announcement since nobody else is going to announce anything
in E for All.
I don't know.
But I'm not holding my breath.
Super paraphrasing powers activate!
Okay, yes.
This one's for you and me, Rob.
Since we both played Ragnarok online, which I think is funny to being referred to, aka
Fisher Price, my first MMORPG, he and his sister are crippling RO addiction and they're
on the way to the 13 steps.
What is a good MMO to play?
She suggested World of Warcraft, but she says it looks complicated.
World of Warcraft is not that complicated.
Try Rose Online.
I don't know that one.
It's another Gravity game, sort of Ragnarok-y.
Actually, Ragnarok 2 is out in beta.
Kingdom of Loathing.
Puzzle Pirates.
Yeah, Puzzle Pirates might be fun for that if you like puzzles and stuff and it's pretty
easy to get into.
I mean, I didn't care for it, but you might like it.
It's kind of fun.
Like, if you like the PopCappy-type games, you'd probably like Puzzle Pirates.
Tetranet!
No.
Kingdom of Loathing would be great, though, because of all the monsters that have misspellings.
I forget, it was like the cemetery or something where everything was misspelled, all the monster
names.
That's fantastic.
So.
Funny.
Okay, that's it.
Darknight in chat, by the way, suggests a Phantasy Star universe or Guild Wars.
PSU is crap.
Crap, crap, crap, crap, crap.
I suggest if you're going to play one of the Phantasy Star MMOs, go for Blue Burst because
it's a lot better and you can actually use a force in that game without having to retardedly
crap it.
Crap it!
Darknight says, stop hatin'.
I can hate all I want to.
It's a free country.
I want to play a better game.
That was great.
Shane says to play a better game.
So he wants our Wii codes, but we'll have to put them back up.
Anyway, I can't read any more of this email.
I'm sorry, Solar Wing.
Was that the last email?
Yeah, that was the last email.
Hooray!
We can move on with the show.
Hooray!
Let's see here.
I mean, you should email us sometime.
Mailbag at orangeontario.com.
We'd love to hear from you, just not all in the same week.
I'll email us.
It will be.
Jamie is awesome.
Well, anyways, now I have news on an upcoming retro compilation now.
I know you might be going, ugh, retro compilation, who wants that?
Well, this is the Atari Classics Evolve, and I think this is kind of how you do a retro
compilation.
Not only do you get eleven classic Atari arcade titles, like Asteroid Battlezone and stuff,
in both the original and evolved versions, but you get sixty Atari 2600 classics.
That's right, seventy games in one.
Hell yeah.
That's a lot of games.
That is a lot of games.
I want seventy versions of Metal Slug.
There probably will be someday.
Give it time.
One day.
One day.
But some of the eleven evolved classics in it, they are seeing, let's see here, Yars
Revenge, Night Driver, Canyon Bomber, Crystal Castles.
Crystal Castles is great.
Crystal Castles is pretty rad.
But I don't know, I feel like a lot of these classics, I've already played Death elsewhere.
I don't know.
I don't know if I can get that excited about it.
Oh, I'm sorry, those weren't the evolved titles.
Those are just some random titles they were saying.
Can I play over the internet or with other people?
You can play with other people Wi-Fi, and they also have an online leaderboard.
What else?
Actually, it says, oh yeah, you can just compare scores.
I was going to say, hopefully it has it over the internet.
The evolved titles, I guess, Asteroids, Asteroids, Deluxe, Battlezone, Centipede, Lunar Lander,
Millipede, Missile Command, Super Breakout, Tempest, Warlords, and Pong.
Wow, super evolved Pong.
I can't wait for that.
Hey, they had Tempest in there.
Yeah, Tempest is cool.
I saw you playing Space Giraffe earlier, Miklotov, while we were done, so what did you think?
I couldn't tell if it was really a game or an interactive screensaver, because I didn't
know what I was doing most of the time.
It's just really, really colorful, and it wasn't fun.
It's hard to see a damn thing in it, isn't it?
There's like the one enemy that's really easy to see, and then everything else is just the
background that apparently hurts you sometimes.
All right, well, how about, speaking of lists, there's some new tracks that are coming out
for the upcoming music games Rock Band and Guitar Hero 3.
Guitar Hero 3 has gotten some international tracks and some tracks from all around.
Ten new songs were announced this week, including Ruby by the Kaiser Chiefs, Radio Song by Super
Bus, and Minus Celsius by the Backyard Babies.
I've not heard of a lot of these bands, but apparently it's some more international flavor,
so hooray for diversity.
Wait, wait, wait, what was the first one that you mentioned?
Kaiser Chiefs.
That's the only one I've heard of from the list.
No, that you mentioned.
Sorry, it must have been the second one then.
Oh, hell.
Yeah.
I closed the list.
Don't worry about it.
Super Bus.
That was it.
That's pretty cool.
All right.
Now coming to Rock Band, some songs you might know a little more in-depth stateside, such
as the Rolling Stones with Gimme Shelter, The Clash, Should I Stay or Should I Go, Smashing
Pumpkins with Cherub Rock, Nine Inch Nails, The Hand That Feeds, Beastie Boys, Sabotage,
and one of my favorites, Radiohead with Creep.
Because I'm a creep, I'm a winner.
I'm not playing Rock Band with you on that song, if you're going to take the mic and
do that.
You know what I think would be better than Creep for Radiohead songs?
My Iron Lung.
What?
How about Fake Plastic Trees?
No.
That's not a Rock Band song.
It's not a Rock Band song.
I just like that song.
Radiohead.
It's emo.
It's emo at its finest.
But My Iron Lung is like a perfect combination.
Anyway.
I like Cherub Rock in the game.
I like Smashing Pumpkins.
Well, Smashing Pumpkins is cool, I guess.
So speaking of Guitar Hero 3, though, moving on to other games that are trying to be like
other games, Guitar Hero 3 is going to have a demo inside the Xbox 360 version of Tony
Hawk's Proving Ground.
It actually will be released in the UK on October 9th, and the demo will be included
with it before it makes it onto Xbox Live.
So they're saying that what's going to be listed is Laid Down by Priestess, Even Flow
by Pearl Jam, The Metal by Tenacious D. I love Tenacious D. Hit Me With Your Best Shot,
As Made Famous by Pat Vanitar, and a cover of Rocky Like a Hurricane.
What are the scorpions doing anyway?
Why can't they just use the tracks?
Stinging people?
No.
God.
Well, that's great news, but here's something even funnier.
In the ongoing battle between Sony and, I guess, PSP hackers over firmware control,
who will dominate?
I think the hackers may have actually launched the final blow.
There is a brand new application being released out there called Pandora's Battery.
What this is, actually, say for example you have a PSP that got fucked up and broke, and
you send it back to Sony.
The way they reset them is they have a Sony battery that triggers the PSP to go into a
service mode, and then they can reset the whole thing, and away you go.
Well, this does something very similar.
It allows you to hack the battery's firmware to actually create your own debug battery,
so with that and a combination with a PSP memory stick, you can downgrade, you can unbrick
any PSP, no matter the firmware, so that's pretty awesome.
It will downgrade anything to 1.5.
If you have a bricked PSP from failed whatever, it will fix it.
Now how much is this puppy going to cost?
Nothing.
It's free to download.
Yeah.
I mean, you download the program, you run it on your PC.
All you need is a PSP battery to create this debug battery.
You can turn the battery back to its normal mode afterwards, if you'd like.
The only thing you will need, though, is to create this device.
You will need one of the custom firmwares, but if you have a friend that has that, you
create this, and then you're good to go on any PSP.
Hooray!
Kid Icarus on my PSP again!
Yay!
Who knows?
This will be interesting when the new PSPs come out, the Slims, but then again, I think
if you downgrade it, you're going to lose all that video out capability.
Time for a new firmware.
Interesting.
It's always interesting to see kind of the back and forth between the hacking community
and then the official stuff, and I can understand Sony wanting to stop the piracy and people
posting the games on the internet and all that stuff, but show a little homebrew love.
Little bit.
Little bit.
All right, anyhow, moving on to a title that was creating a lot of news in recent weeks
on the program, Manhunt 2.
A lot of folks thought this game was dead in the water, it's going away, no more are
we going to see this because you just can't fix the game down from an AO rating.
Well guess what?
It has been modified down to an M-rated version, and Manhunt 2 will be out on the PlayStation
2, PSP, and Wii on Halloween, October 31st, 2007.
What a hilarious day to release this game.
Awesome.
A quote from Rockstar founder and president Sam Houser, quote, Manhunt 2 is important
to us and we're glad it can finally be appreciated as a gaming experience.
Manhunt 2 is a powerful piece of interactive storytelling that is a unique video game experience.
We think horror fans will love it.
Nowhere though has it been said what exactly they had to change.
I mean, obviously they've scaled down some of the violence, perhaps, but as to specifics,
your guess is as good as mine.
They added bunnies.
I hope all they did was submit a different video to the ESRB, because-
Well they have to play the game, don't they now?
When I was still at Konami, we still just did videos, so who knows, I hope they don't
have to cut anything because I want that game.
What they did is they changed all the blood to sweat- Or all the blood to fire, remember,
because it's okay to burn people alive, it's just not okay to have them bleed.
But there will be a secret blood code in the game that will restore all the blood from
the original demo.
As will unlock a sex mini-game as well.
Yes, and you can use your game genie to change the colors of the sweat as well to make the
experience that much more realistic.
But sweat is great.
It is.
You know what I always thought was funny is that, because I've got the Samurai Shodown
2 out of the Japanese cart for my Neo Geo, if you switch it from Japanese to English
mode the blood changes color.
I'm not even joking.
You have the big spray of sweat, and then you change it as the big spray of blood.
If I developed video games, I would actually put a code that changes the blood into sweat
just to be funny, like to make reference to the old school Super Nintendo Mortal Kombat.
That was fantastic.
Okay, anyway, how about something regarding Eidos?
Okay.
And something that I love, which is Highlander.
Because however many shows are based off of cutting people's heads off.
Not too many.
Not a lot that I can think of.
Buffy, kind of.
That's staking or cutting their head off.
One and a half.
One and a half.
I agree with that.
I love Buffy.
Angel, not so much because he was a whiny bitch.
Okay, moving forward.
There is going to be a Highlander game that is going to be...
Call him.
What?
Sorry, never mind.
What?
I was trying to add sound effects, but forget it.
Stop farting in the microphone.
Anyway.
There can be only one.
Okay.
It will be on PS3, 360, and PC.
It's a third person action game that will cross 2000 years from feudal Japan, from Scotland
in the old days, Pompeii, New York in the future, and you go all over the place cutting
off people's heads.
Sadly, I think this is going to be timed with a new movie that's coming out.
Yeah, they're making another Highlander movie.
I hope that with his face you can end it, because that man is blind.
He almost killed everybody.
Do you understand?
Stop it, Rob.
You can use...
I am Colonel McCloud of the Clan McCloud.
I was born in 1518 in the village of Glenfinnan on the shores of Loch Siel, and I am immortal.
Okay, my favorite line in the first one is when he keeps calling Ramirez an overblown
haggis.
I am Juan Sanchez Villalobos Ramirez, chief metallurgist to King Charles V of Spain, and
I'm at your service.
Why does he sound Scottish if he's Spanish?
I love Spanish.
It also left a man's decapitated body lying on the floor next to his own severed head.
The head, which is this time, has no name.
I know his name.
His name is Mr. Heady.
You play Owen McCloud, and you fight 77 other people, and you have 18 missions so far.
You get to play with zip wires, daggers, free falls, swan dives.
It will be pretty gory, pretty mature.
And also, you have a choice of three weapons, like a tana, claymore, or a, I guess, double?
On the Wii?
On the Wii?
I can actually slice people's...
It's like, well, I said from the beginning, PS3 360 or PC?
Doh.
But you also get powers.
I don't remember any of them having actual powers.
Alright.
Other than, oh my god, I sense danger.
It's another immortal.
Let's kill him.
Alright.
Well, let's go ahead and take a quick break.
This segment's ran on long enough, that's for sure.
We're gonna take a quick break, and when we come back from this break, more of Orange
Launch Radio with our part B. We're gonna talk a little bit about Metroid Prime 3, a
little bit about Super Mario Galaxy, the penny arcade game for Xbox Live Arcade, and a list
list for tonight.
Oh boy, we'll be right back with more after this of Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Launch Radio.
