Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, August 19th, 2007, the Wii and the 360 are the same price in one country,
Guitar Hero 3 gets a little poisoned, and is a Wiimote coming to the Playstation 2?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to my lovely co-host, Dark Sakura.
Hi.
How are you doing, Miss Jamie Summers?
I'm here.
You're here? You're alive and well?
Yes, quite.
All is good in the hood?
And not hungover.
Yes, I got to watch Dark Sakura get drunk last night.
I'll drink everybody.
And no hangover?
No hangover.
Amazing.
Do you remember what you drank? Can you run down real quick?
Yes, I can. I had a shot of cold sake. I had 28 ounces of Kirin beer.
I had six martinis, two of them being pom-tinis, one key lime pie, and Adam and Eve, because it was very tasty, it was apple.
I had a guavatini. I had, what was that? Oh, God, I can't remember the first one. The chocolate martini.
And then I had a shot of Glenlivet scotch.
And then I had some of that amaretto sour and tried a bunch of everybody else's drinks.
So a lot. A lot.
Oh, yeah. I know that's exactly what I had.
Now, just a note to the kiddies out there. Jamie didn't drive.
No, I passed out in the back of the car.
She's over the age of 21. I drove. I didn't really drink anything. So if you're going to drink, you have to drink responsibly.
Lecture, lecture, lecture.
And drink a lot of water when you do.
That's right. All right. Also joining us, say hello to Loki.
Hello.
Who did not join us last night.
No, I did not.
All right. That's all right. You weren't invited because it was a bachelorette party, so straight men don't get to go to bachelorette parties, unfortunately.
Rob went to mine.
But he's a straight man.
Yeah, exactly.
I know. I was saying you went to mine. I invited you.
I was like, by the way, my boyfriend got very, very drunk last night, and yeah, Jamie definitely out drank him.
I'm like next to nothing.
Out drank him. Anyway, nobody cares. They want to hear the video game chat.
Loki, what did you do last night? Maybe it was something gaming related.
Uh, no. Instead, I went and saw the movie Superbad, and it was awesome.
Was it good? I don't know.
I loved it.
I haven't seen, like, I think I saw, like, three-fourths of the 40-year-old virgin. I just never finished it, and then I didn't see that knocked up.
I wouldn't even compare it to it. It's not even anything like that. It's more like American Pie, but less retarded.
If you've ever seen Knocked Up...
You should put that on the poster. It's American Pie, but less retarded.
Well, if you've seen Knocked Up, it kind of has that same vibe to it. I mean, there's a lot of, you know, crude jokes and stuff like that,
but it's still very, you know, you don't go into it like, there's no real gross-out moments or anything like that.
It's just kind of, you can relate to it, I guess.
This is like freshman year type American Pie?
No, this is like, this is like, it's almost, the premise is almost like American Pie. They're trying to get laid.
You know, this is the last party that they're going to be able to go to before, you know, they're in college,
and they're just trying to basically get alcohol for this party and stuff and hook up with these two girls,
because, I don't know, they, I guess they want to be...
Men.
Well-versed by the time they get to college.
That don't happen.
It was a good movie, and there's a lot of funny stuff in there.
So it wasn't like a gross-out comedy?
No, it wasn't a gross-out comedy, and they didn't really have any gross stuff in there.
Like, I didn't think that scene where the guy screwed a pie was that funny.
It was stupid.
That's stupid. No one does that. Nobody does that.
All right, well, let's go to the chat.
Our always present fourth guest is our chat room chat.orangelauntrady.com.
Lots of talk.
Jaded says, no, we don't want to hear the video game chat.
We want to hear the drunken people chat.
Well, I don't know. Some of our podcast subscribers might disagree with you,
so we will get to game chat very soon.
But, you know, I mean, you can read about the news pretty much anywhere on the internet,
but we like to put our personal touch on things and hear from you guys.
That's why we always invite you guys to chat.orangelauntrady.com.
RossdielUT says, crude jokes does not equal good comedy.
And Sephiroth1215 says, super bad was okay. I was laughing the whole time.
There you go.
And especially, you know, there's a whole...
I don't want to ruin it, but there's a part where you find out that one of the characters had a really bad habit
in, like, when he was growing up, and it had to do with doodling things,
and that part, it's super funny when they show it, and then after the credits,
there's more of that stuff, and it's hilarious.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
Now, okay, so to bring things back to video games and we transition to how was your gaming week,
could there be a super bad video game?
Because, you know, as movies do very good, sometimes they get turned into video games.
There's not. There's a Napoleon Dynamite game coming out.
I was just thinking, I was like, speaking of things that jump the shark,
I'm really surprised there's not a Napoleon Dynamite game.
There is.
Really?
It's DS and PSP, and it looks stupid. Horrible.
Sweet.
It's like, I mean, it's not even coming out remotely.
It's not like an anniversary of that movie or anything like that.
It's just, oh, by the way, we decided, you know, let's make a movie for this,
or a game for this that's, you know, years after the movie.
Oh, if there's one thing.
Gosh.
If there's one thing I really hate, it is video games based on shitty movies that shouldn't be turned into video games.
They should do Xanadu the game.
Now, that might be okay, actually.
But it has to be all animated by Don Bluth.
Because sometimes when movies are so bad, they're kind of good.
Like Showgirls the game, I'd buy that.
There's a Betty Boop game coming out in fucking October.
It's like, come on! Seriously, you missed the boat a long time ago with that.
Aren't we past the 1930s high?
It's like no one watches Betty Boop anymore.
Tell that to Timeless River.
Oh.
Alright.
But that was Disney.
Alright, let's get into a little bit of how was your gaming week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was Final Fantasy-ish.
Because I played Final Fantasy Advance 6 in your car a little, to show it to you.
And I played at the gym.
I beat the first area, the first town, in the gym.
Which means you have like 49 more hours to go.
Shit.
But it's not Pokemans.
No, I love Final Fantasy 6.
I mean, obviously, many people will tell you.
You know, most people would say the best Final Fantasy game ever was either 7 or 6.
Two. Japanese 2 or English 2?
Japanese 2 or 5.
Really?
I like the job systems.
Yeah, I'll give you that.
I don't know.
I still have a soft spot for 4.
But I think that's just because that was my first one.
You spoon-y bard.
Yes, and you spoon-y bard.
But anyway.
But, but, but, but, but, but.
I touched it today.
What?
Final Fantasy 6?
No.
What?
Super Metroid.
I picked up my Super Nintendo today and was going to pack it up and bring it over here.
And then Dan informs me,
Oh, we're lending that to Adam.
Thank God you got it on the second guess, because the third guess wasn't much better
for me.
For the record, I do own Kirby's Avalanche.
So there.
Alright.
And Super, I was just saying, Super Metroid comes out on Virtual Console next week, but
you were like,
No!
That was exactly the noise you made when I said it was coming out on Virtual Console.
You were like,
No, we're playing the real one.
Even though the emulation on Wii is pretty good.
We're playing the real one.
We're going to play the real one.
Jamie and I failed.
Either that or I have to see if my Hori pad will work.
We failed to have our Super Metroid night, but we are going to have it soon.
We've said we're going to have it very soon.
Well, they have those pads you can get that are actually converted.
They're modded real pads that you can plug into, like the classic controller to the Wii,
so you can play these games on the actual pads.
I can just bring my Super Nintendo and play the actual game on the actual system.
For the people who don't have a Super Nintendo.
Go to your local flea market and pay $5.
I'm just going to chat and reading some stuff here.
Son of Dad is talking about movie based games.
Remember the Nacho Libre game?
Yes, unfortunately I do.
Thankfully I don't.
I don't think I played that.
That was on the DS.
What other crap is coming out?
Arctic Tale, which for those who may not know,
Arctic Tale is going to be a brand new movie, kind of like March of the Penguins,
except with polar bears and seals.
Or what was the other one they had?
Happy Feet.
Happy Feet sucked.
The movie was okay, but the game sucked.
But at least Happy Feet was not a documentary, though.
There was singing and dancing in there,
so you can kind of turn that into a pretty good game, I guess.
Tiger Claw says, Sky, what about the Alvin and the Chipmunks games?
It's going to be kind of like Guitar Hero.
Yeah, but Alvin and the Chipmunks, so that's another movie tie-in game.
It's going to be crap.
Here's the thing.
The new Alvin and the Chipmunks makes me want to throw up in my mouth.
When I saw the poster, it looks like crap.
And I just never liked the original to begin with, to be honest.
That's not one thing from my childhood I fondly remember.
Dude, Jason Lee.
I think they were kind of stupid.
Jason Lee is such a sellout now.
I mean, seriously, what the fuck happened since the View Askew days?
I liked My Name is Earl.
Okay, I don't like that show, but credit to that at least.
That's a little different, but come on.
I mean, seriously, Alvin and Chipmunks shit?
I mean, now we're getting back into movie podcasting.
Let's get back to the games.
Was there anything else you wanted to share?
My Name is Earl is a TV show.
And the only reason I saw that is because you were there.
They were watching it at my Fourth of July party.
The only game that I think this year that's going to be any good
that's tied in with sort of a movie,
and it's not even really based on a movie, the Simpsons game,
is going to be fucking awesome.
That is it.
That is the only game I'm buying this year that's tied in with a movie.
Oh, wait, except for the Harry Potter game, which I bought that for Nellie, though.
By the way, do you have to point out what we're discussing in the chatroom right now
as the benefits of emulation?
Because I just said emulation for the lose.
You know, because I prefer playing the actual game on the actual.
That's just how I've always been.
But there is a good point to emulation.
Translated Japanese RPGs.
Seiken Densetsu 3.
The quintessential translated game you must play.
Where they went and translated the graphics in the game.
Or Final Fantasy V before Square brought it over here.
That was the other biggie.
I had a very, very well translated.
Or even I had a translated panorama cotton once.
That is not very good.
The other good thing I think about emulation is that
for most of us that don't have the big bucks to spend on the real thing,
it kind of lets you play the old classic games that time forgot.
Now we have Virtual Console and Game Tap.
Yeah, which is cool.
And I support both of those, as you know if you listen to the show.
And the Ninja Pass.
For any length of my time.
Anything else you want to share for your gaming week?
No.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I tried to play as much as possible.
I played Casarone a little bit.
The demo for that.
And it's pretty interesting actually.
I could kind of get into it.
Because I know Nelly's been hooked on Catan.
And I had to literally drag the 360 to a different room.
So that I could actually play some games on it.
So that was pretty cool.
And then of course the one demo everyone's been playing this week
would be Bioshock.
And I tried that and it's awesome.
So awesome that I decided to pre-order my game after I played it.
And then, see here, also played some more Beautiful Katamari.
All three minutes of it.
And then, let's see, I played Overlord some more.
And that's actually been pretty fun.
I was pretty surprised.
I thought I'd get tired of the game pretty quick.
And kind of hesitated to purchase it originally.
But I'm actually very satisfied with the game.
It's pretty fun.
And it's really the game itself.
You try to be good in it.
And I think it's harder to be good in the game than evil.
But after a while, the NPCs just really piss you off.
And you just go and decide to kill everybody.
And that's the way you should do it, I think.
Other than that, I played me and my Katamari on the PSP.
And tried to remind myself why I hated it on the PSP in the first place.
And that would be the controls.
They suck balls without having a second analog stick on there.
And then, of course, Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories.
Because for some reason, we're glutton for punishment with that game.
I don't know how this is fucking possible.
But the game actually glitches in new ways.
It just progressively evolves into a worse game.
And I don't know why.
It's just weird.
It's like a guy's own conscience or something.
It just fucking gets worse.
And I don't know how.
But it does.
And yet, we'll still play it until they release another fucking Grand Theft Auto game that has multiplayer.
I think that's all I played.
Oh, I played track and field. Hated.
Do you like it?
Nah, think carefully.
For me, it's dumb fun.
I mean, it's totally a brainless type of game, track and field.
I still haven't bought the full retail one, but I've played the old school one on the computer.
I know it was in the arcade at one time.
Yeah, it was.
I remember playing an arcade one long time ago.
But they should remake it into the arcade with a DDR pad type thing.
I think that would be a little bit more...
Like sports bars or something.
Konami has both.
Yeah.
My Gaming Week.
Not a lot of new stuff to try out this week.
Obviously, there's Madden, but sports games are typically not my cup of tea, so I passed on that.
So, just kind of playing the old stuff.
World of Warcraft.
Boom Boom Rocket.
Oh yeah, I played that too.
What?
Boom Boom Rocket?
Oh, World of Warcraft.
How'd that go for you?
You were here.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Dur.
Anyway, let's see.
What else did I play?
Echo the Dolphin I downloaded and tried out on Xbox Live.
And I have to admit, I thought the game was overrated when I first played it many years ago.
I think it's overrated now.
I'm not a fan of the Echo series.
I never understood why people love that so much.
You're breaking my heart.
They need Calibri.
I'm sorry.
I didn't like Calibri either.
I played Hexic 2 just to see if the sequel was any better than the first one, because
I didn't really care for the first one too much.
The first one's kind of fun.
I found the second one to be easier, actually.
It was weird.
Really?
That's a good thing, because the first one is really hard.
Yeah, I was able to create a lot of, I don't remember what they are, but basically create
some sort of ring thing and it turns into something else.
Yeah, you can tell you play a lot of that game.
I don't like that it's not free, though.
That's the only thing.
There's actually something I do need to mention that someone reminded me in the chat room.
We did have an instance of the M-word in my house as I left.
What?
Madden?
The M-word.
Oh my gosh.
Fucking annoying.
All right.
We need a real football game.
Okay, it's not the game that annoys you, I get the feeling, but it's your husband and
all his friends coming over and playing, though, that annoys you.
Guess what?
Later on, think-U-E-A, they decided, guess what, we're going to make two football games
a year, so now they're going to have NFL Tour, which is coming out in January.
Can I finish my game of the week?
Sorry.
Can I finish my game of the week?
That was the sound of the microphone being rammed into my head repeatedly.
Let's see.
Now, Dark Soccer, your heart is going to break a little more based on chat comments here.
Gold Banjo says, Echo the Dolphin isn't even worth an emulation download.
Yeah, your mom.
Sephiroth1215 says, I didn't like Echo, but I really like the Tides of Time.
Tides of Time was great.
RawsteelUT says, Echo would be good if it weren't harder than real-life nuclear warfare.
It wasn't that hard.
Hey, you know what that game really needs instead of being Echo the Dolphin?
They made a knockoff game, I think it's actually by the same people that created Echo, called
Laser Dolphin.
It was basically-
Cool!
It was Echo the Dolphin with a laser on its freaking head.
What the hell was that on Xbox Live?
It's on PC, but they had like, you know, turtles with rockets on them and stuff.
It was basically all the sea creatures with different artillery on them.
I mean, that's the only thing I can think that make that game any better.
Alright, so I instead played demos.
And here's the thing, like, BioShock, okay?
Like, I was not getting excited about BioShock at all.
I'm just like, oh hooray, it's another first-person shooter, looks all sci-fi, doesn't really
look like a game I want to get into.
In fact, I even went and I posted on my Twitter, and I said, because I have a lot of gaming
people that I know on Twitter, other independent podcast people, among other things, and I
actually made a post on Twitter that said something about like, so what's the big deal,
oh here it is, so what's so awesome about BioShock?
I'm not knocking it, I'm just curious because usually I don't get too excited for first-person
shooters.
And then gamer Andy replied to me and said, frankly, it's the immersive environment jam-packed
with atmosphere and the story.
Irrational makes good games.
And then I'm reading all these reviews, like what, it has like a 99, a Metacritic?
I'm like, okay, I've got to see what's so frickin' fabulous about this game, right?
So I downloaded the demo, oh my god, it really is that good.
Like, if the demo is any sign of what the game is going to be, shit, that was a great
game.
That was amazing.
And here's something, okay, that I thought was very interesting, and I observed this
when I was playing, I also observed it when my friend was playing.
When you first, you know, you start off, you know, you crash land your plane and stuff
and the water effects, and you get out of the water, I literally turned around, looked
at the fire in the water, and I stood there and like stared at it for like 30 seconds.
My other friend had played it too, he's just like looking at it, I was like, damn, that
looks really good.
The graphics in this game are hands down like, you know, and I really don't like reviewing
a game based on the demo, so let me say that up front, but I think especially in this day
and age, you can use a demo as a pretty good sign of what's to come for the game.
And I don't think I've seen a better looking game, period.
I mean, the game looks like phenomenal, it's amazing, and it was scary.
I don't know though if I'll end up actually buying the full retail version just because
I'm so horrible at first person shooters.
I'm so bad at them.
I am too, but you know what?
I wouldn't be able to play it.
I purchased it.
I had to get the limited edition so I can get a little, you know, the big daddy for
my desk at work.
But I love the fact that, you know, you could like get fire hands and like set people on
fire, that was so gratifying, I loved it, so.
Bioshock really is that good, like even if you're not a fan of first person shooters,
try out the demo.
It was scary.
It was Silent Hill scary to me too.
Well remember, now two favorite parts for me in the demo.
The one was the chick with the baby stroller, when you walked up to her and she's all talking
about how she turned her baby and stuff into a little sister, and then there was another
one where it was the couple, that kind of reminded me of like a cruise ship, older couple
or something like that.
I mean when you kill the guy whose name is Harold or whatever, the crazy wife comes after
you with a gun.
It was just kind of cool, that whole immersion.
So the game looks, I mean, usually there's a part of me that wants to go, oh it can't
be that good.
It can't be that good.
Why is everybody praising this game?
It really, like you really have to try it, like seriously.
Anyway, going to chat room here, DarVoid says Bioshock demo is fun, Chainsaw Juggling says
it's the best game ever, I can't wait till Tuesday.
Sounds like they're going to have a hit on their hands there.
Joshi16 says damn, I want my Bioshock, interesting.
That was pretty much my gaming week.
One other demo I did try and played a little bit was Beautiful Katamari, which to me, it's
the same fucking game, same fucking game, I don't care, with half the same fucking music,
might I add, in pretty HD graphics.
And you're right, the sad thing is I think there's a part of me that doesn't care either,
I'll probably end up buying the damn game, despite all the drama that happened on this
program because of that game, I don't know, it is still somewhat addicting and I'm looking
forward to multiplayer, but I still kind of look at it with shifty eyes going, did you
have to reuse the same freaking song on the title screen?
And kind of the same gag over and over, I don't know, I'd like to see something a little
bit different, but I'm hoping some of the new modes will make me feel a little bit better
about things.
So, that was that.
Otherwise it was a three minute demo, can't really tell a lot off of that.
Darvoid says it better not be 60 bucks, Katamari.
No, it's like I think 30 or 40, it's like cheap.
That's good.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says, so Sky, is Bioshock the ochre enough time of first person shooters?
I don't, again, I don't want to base my entire opinion of a game off a demo, but it damn
well could be based off of the earlier reviews.
Oh great, time wasn't that great of a game anyways, and I still don't know what everyone's,
I still don't know what the hell everyone's big deal is with that game.
In the Zelda universe, the Super Nintendo, Link to the Past will always be the best one
to me.
Oh yeah.
Always be the best one.
Definitely.
Always.
Always, Jamie, always.
You sound like a maxi pet commercial, Rob.
I hate you.
All right, housekeeping, let's do some housekeeping tonight.
Okay, the only housekeeping we really have tonight is going to affect the live listeners.
We just found out literally five minutes before we went live tonight.
We found out five minutes before we went live, live 365 is shutting down at 8 p.m. tonight,
so that's going to screw some of you live listeners out of some of the perks of listening
live and we apologize, like the bonus segment we do in between and the afterbirth just because
of the maintenance.
We're going to try and cram all the show in before 8 p.m.
We're going to rearrange Skypline a little bit too and do it in the beginning of part
B tonight and not at the end of part B as we usually do, and we're going to cut out
a few segments as well, like the mailbag, just because we got one email this whole week,
so we're going to roll it over to next week.
Mailbag at orangehonorsradio.com, we'd love to hear from you, your comments on the story.
Do you think Bioshock is all that?
I want to hear from people that played the Bioshock demo and didn't like it.
Please speak up because I always love to hear devil's advocate perspectives, so mailbag
at orangehonorsradio.com.
In the language of the week, I want email in as Italian, even though I can't read Italian
for shit.
Just be quiet.
I can still read French.
Alright, so sorry you guys about the downtime tonight, there's nothing we can really do
about it.
We're going to try and finish the show before 8 p.m., but we'll see.
And I wanted to mention, though, podcast awards, they're over, you know, we got nominated,
didn't win, but that's okay.
Congratulations to a cheap-ass gamer cast.
Didn't we announce that last week?
I don't remember.
No, it wasn't over last week.
No, it wasn't over last week.
Well, thank you for remembering.
So congratulations to them.
At least it was another independent podcast award.
Absolutely.
And we've always said, if we can't win it ourselves, it's best another independent podcast
win it, and another one did.
So there you go.
Good job.
And they've had a lot of, like, success this year, too, and a lot of drama with the whole,
like, what, that lawsuit?
Or, no, no, I went on a lawsuit, a subpoena.
The subpoena against them and everything?
Try to get the Circuit City ad?
Foreign members.
It's been a fun year to be a CAG cast listener.
Yeah.
So, good job for those guys.
You know, they're actually up for two awards.
I'd like to see them win the other one they were nominated for, but they don't find out
about the other one until the actual award ceremony.
Well, if any of them are listening, let me just tell you this much.
And I think I can speak for Jamie on this.
The award show is kind of lame.
Yes it is.
It could have gotten better.
They do have good nibbly food.
And I was about, I would have to say, by a distance of a foot and a half, I level with
Adam Curry's butt.
I'm not joking.
And I couldn't really appreciate it properly because he doesn't really have a nice butt
and I had the flu.
Alright, please can we get into game chat now, because I do not want to turn this into
the Adam Curry's butt podcast.
But I will turn it into the Bioshock podcast because I'll be damned if the internet isn't
abuzz about the game this week, so I got a quick story on Bioshock.
You probably heard about this.
Some lucky sons of bitches got the game early thanks to Toys R Us, because Toys R Us was
leaking the game out early, and I think I know how this happened.
They usually put those games out in the glass cases and just don't sell them until the day,
like usually the regular clerks, like no, don't sell this until such and such day, but
they have some type of system where they turn the box around or something, but those games
will sit out there in the glass case for like a week and a half before people can buy them,
and apparently some Toys R Us has just made a big boo-boo and sold the game.
So tons of people are getting this game early.
It's not just Toys R Us, but people I know that do other podcasts that for some reason
get free games sent to them, even though we've never, no, I take that back, we've got a couple,
but we didn't get this one.
There's only one company that loves this.
Lots of Bioshock.
Lots of Bioshock copies floating around out there, and of course, tens of millions more
come Tuesday, so there you go.
Yeah.
DJ Dark Knight says, huge fine.
I don't know, what do you think, Logan?
Do you think Toys R Us would get a fine over this?
I don't think so.
What they'll do is, I don't think it's Toys R Us, like it's not chain-wide, it's just
I think it was one or two stores in Jersey that were doing it.
A couple sloppy managers.
And it's just, you know, it's some idiot, and what they'll do is they'll try to track
it down based on the receipts and stuff, and someone will get in trouble there, and that's
about it.
As long as it's not corporate-wide or something, it's not going to be a huge deal.
They may just get their next game or whatever shipped to them.
They won't get it before street date.
A little slap on the wrist, naughty, naughty.
No cookie.
Yeah, because there's, what, Target and shit.
Target and Walmart are horrible.
Toys R Us is usually the biggest offender when it comes to breaking street date.
Funny you guys say that.
Son of Dad says, for once it's not Target breaking massive street dates.
Joshi16 says, I would laugh if OLR got a free Madden.
Hey, you know what, please, send me one, because...
I would laugh if we did too, because EA's pretty...
Why not give it a fair shot and give the game a fair shot?
I'm not going to hold a grudge against it just because it's a sports game.
It deserves a fair shot just like any other game.
Hey, I'm not saying it's a horrible game either.
I'm just saying I don't care for sports games.
Any sports games.
Alright, anyway.
Moving on.
Anyways, so if you don't have your hands on Bioshock yet, you still can get your hands
on the art book, which is free to download from Irrational Games.
This was something that they were going to try to put into the limited edition pack that
was exclusive to EB and GameStop, but they just ran out of time, so instead they've offered
it for free to download on their website in PDF form, so check it out.
It's Bioshock Breaking the Mold, and it's over 60 pages long.
Cool.
Art books are great.
Now, speaking, though, of computery stuff, you know they were saying, well, at least
IGN PC reviewed PC Bioshock as much better than the Xbox 360 version, saying that it
handled better, the interface was better by using the mouse and the keyboard.
Which if you're playing a first person shooter, hi, duh!
Well now, wait a minute.
Except, except, except.
It's personal preferences, I think.
Here's the classic debate.
Keyboard and mouse versus analog sticks.
I mean, people, it's like...
Depending on how the game, though, is supposed to be played, the functionality of the game
self? Like, okay, what would you rather play Doom on? PC or?
Well, okay, I read their review on Bioshock and their thing was, they're saying, for example,
switching your special abilities using the right mouse button instead of the left bumper
on the 360. To be honest, I don't have trouble hitting the left bumper on the 360, it's not
hard, I just don't get it. It's just nitpicking shit, is what it is. And they're also saying
the hacking is a little bit easier because you can use the mouse instead of having to
use the analog stick.
Well, say it graphically.
Minor shit, that's all it is.
Well, they were also pointing out, though, that you could run it at a 1920 by 1200.
Well, I'm sure you can do it.
If you've got a PC, hi.
If you have an Uber computer that's fast enough to, I bet if I tried to run it at that resolution
it wouldn't be smooth. That's the other problem. I mean, but that's, you know, PC gaming in
general. You usually have to have the most top-end system to play most of the newer games.
Not all. Like, you know, games like World of Warcraft can run on pretty old machines,
but, you know.
But it's meant to be available to a high audience. You know, a broad range.
I'd try it out on PC. I don't know, though. I'm so used to those types of games now with
the analogs, I don't know. But yeah, like Quake 3, I couldn't not play that on a PC.
Like, you know, there's just some games you really get used to. And, you know, if we want
to go the other way around, Final Fantasy XI, okay?
Well, yeah, we did have that issue, didn't we?
Yeah, yeah. Final Fantasy XI was made for a console. It was made for the PlayStation
2, ported to the PC. I can't fucking play that game with a controller for shit. I have
to have the keyboard to play that game.
But I had absolutely no problem playing it with a controller. I started off with that
crappy little gravis pad I got for ten bucks from Dan's GameStop back in the day. And I
was doing all my macros and crap with my trigger buttons.
You know what? Your wiring is backwards, I think.
What?
The games you're supposed to play with a controller you like to play with keyboard and mouse.
The games you're supposed to play with keyboard and mouse you like with a controller. You're
backwards.
No, I'm not.
I'll ask you what it is. Yes, you are.
All right.
That and, you know, it's kind of hard to play Doom without a keyboard because of, you know,
IDDQD and IDBFG and all that.
All right. Let's see. Looking at chat room for comments. Chat.orangelanatrader.com. Sephiroth1215
says, FPS games are usually done in the USA and U.S. companies love to have the best graphics
possible and that's not possible on Wii.
Let's start a little debate there about I'm sure Metroid Prime 3 is coming into the mix
as well now because that game is out, what, next week as well or two weeks?
Two weeks.
Yeah.
Yeah. Let's see. What else is there here? I guess Dark Tetsuya maybe talked about that.
I wish they'd make Red Steel 2 even though they have so much room for improvement.
Lots of room for improvement.
Let's see. Yeah, rostielut says it probably costs three times as much to get a system
that will run Bioshock. Well, we'll see.
All right. Anyway, I'm talking also about the Xbox Live and the PC, you know, things
that are on both. Xbox Live Arcade is going to be on its way to the PC in November. The
secret project name was Vega, not, you know, Street Fighter's Vega but Vega the Star.
It's going to be launching in early November 10 to 20 games in the service and I believe
I saw an early screenshot that had like Galaga as one of the games and of course they want
to expand this with two to four new games every month following the launch.
So kind of not surprising when you consider the Microsoft's been trying to bridge the
gap between the console and the PC but I don't know. I don't know if I'd buy a lot of these
for PC but my question is if I bought it on Live, would I get to download it for free
on the PC? I think I should.
Of course I'm cheap.
The other thing too I'm wondering is it's going to be a little bit of a harder sell
to sell some of these PopCap games that are free online on the PC.
Yeah, but even PopCap like charges, you know, extra money for a downloadable version with
more features. That's where they make their money because whenever you play one of those
games online, they're always saying download the trial version of the Uber version of this
game with more levels and more colors, woo, and all that.
I think what's also interesting about the whole thing is that the 150 megabyte size
limit still applies even to the PC games. That's kind of interesting to me, I don't
know.
Well, I don't know. Anyways, maybe, well actually the 150 meg limit maybe that does tie into
something that they're going to be able to be transferred back and forth or something.
I don't know. I would hope so. Maybe later on or something.
Okay, so this is not a big surprise but apparently the news got out that Xbox or Microsoft is
just saying is allowing certain MMOs to require hard drive space and require the use of the
Xbox 360 hard drive. Duh, I mean Final Fantasy XI, hello, I mean. But apparently what they're
saying is that each title will create a master storage file, one file per title per console
or something like that. And apparently on the box it will say, you know, such and such
storage is required.
Even though XI didn't say that, did it? Well I guess it had to have said it somewhere.
It must have because you had to install it to your hard drive, so. I don't know, I'm
not surprised that MMOs require this. I'm just surprised that normal games haven't gotten
this yet. I still think that that is coming, whether they're saying it or not.
The most shocking thing about that story to me, I was like, there's MMOs in development
for the 360, awesome. Wasn't there that Marvel MMO or something that was coming out to them?
That would be awesome, I'll play that. I don't remember that. I'm like, what MMOs are in
development for 360? I'm just totally spacing it. I know I've heard of something, but I
just, I can't remember. Like what is in development for 360 as an MMO? Well, I don't know. People
go play Phantasy Star Universe. Oh my God, World of Warcraft, it must be true. World
of Warcraft is coming to 360. Oh, shut up. World of Warcraft is never coming to 360.
Leave it on the damn PC. Ragnarok 2. Now that would be sweet. Yeah, I've been trying to
get the, I have to have a Korean social security number apparently. Sucks. Well, no, there's
ways of getting around it, but I've been trying to play the Ragnarok 2 demo. Wow. You're gonna
have to kidnap a Korean child. There's other ways to do that, I don't want a Korean child.
Oh, DJ Dark Knight has a good point. Phantasy Star Universe is also another MMO on the 360.
That's what I just said. In fact, the add-on comes out this fall for it if people are still
playing that game. Guess who quit? Ah, that'd be me. I know. I don't know, so I... There's
Julie, she's fully addicted to PSU. There's a part of me that wants to go back to PSU,
but not until I hit 70 in WoW. I hit 64 yesterday, so I'm getting close. The part of me that
wants to go back to playing PSU has been sporked in the head and buried in a deep pit. PSU
wasn't that bad. I had fun with it. I'm glad you did. Thank you, Rob. But there's more
fun, better fun. Wait, hold on, I gotta say, Dark Tetsuya says, find at. Did you hear about
the baby this week? That's mine in Korea. Oh, that was China. That's China. Get your
countries right. Get your Asia right, Dark Tetsuya. God, really. That was still kind
of funny. A little funny, even if it was wrong, it was funny. I know. You know what, read
the news, people. Go on Yahoo, instead of reading about celebrities in the Paris Hilton
stupid ass, read World News. Well, what if I like to read about celebrities? Like, Perez
Hilton is like in my day. Like, I always say, okay, you gotta visit Kotaku and Destructoid
and Joystiq and Perez Hilton. That's basically how I, you know. Okay. I surf the net every
day. I go to Yahoo News, and then I go to CNN.com, and then I read my live journal.
No one cares about our browsing habits. Go to the next story. And then I go to Porno
too. While SteelUT apparently needs an explanation,
some people in China wanted to name their child At, because I think, what, they meet
by email or something? And At is pronounced like Achi or something.
I stopped caring five minutes ago. Which means love him or something. Why don't
they just use the actual, you know, symbols for that. Anyway, so whatever. How about something
that should excite some of our more emo people? My Chemical Romance is going to be in Guitar
Hero 3. They're doing a three pack, I'm sorry, not Guitar Hero 3, Guitar Hero 2 on Xbox 360.
They are doing a three song pack for Xbox Live Marketplace that will have teenagers'
famous last words, and this is how I disappear. It is 500 points, AKA $6.25.
And I believe it's actually up now. They're master tracks, by the way, from the
band. And I believe we have a little clip of those
songs. So, cause, like, well, you know, cause, because, like, I have no idea who my, well,
I know who they are, but I don't really listen to these type of bands.
They did one song that I like. I don't.
That was Cemetery Drive. Like, I knew none of these songs.
Say something, Rob. Alright, let's do it.
The chat room is all, like, going, no, no, don't play that, why did you do that, why?
And Sephiroth1215, though, says, hey, I hate emo, but the Black Parade is very good.
I don't know, I thought the songs were kind of melodic.
They seem to fit in Guitar Hero 2. I mean, I don't get into the whole emo versus
punk versus whatever else, I don't know. At least you got some new fucking tracks
to download for Guitar Hero 2 that are not Guitar Hero 1.
Amen, there you go. Can't we all agree that that's a good thing,
even if you don't like the particular band they picked?
There you go. Good job.
Alright, well, speaking of Guitar Hero, Guitar Hero 3 is going to be getting Slash.
You already knew about that, but they're also going to be having Bret Michaels, if you can
believe it. Bret Michaels is going to be using his face
and his image in the game, just like Slash, and then, of course, in the game, you gotta
get some Poison songs, Talk Dirty to Me by Poison, and go that far from the Bret Michaels
band. So, pretty cool, you can look forward to those
songs in Guitar Hero 3. Unfortunately, we do not have clips of those
songs because I was too lazy to pre-arrange that before the show.
Well, way to go, Rob. My bad.
Anyways, if you happen to be living in Australia, you'll be happy to know that the 360 core
has now been price-dropped to compete with the Wii, is now the same price as the Wii,
and of course, coinciding with that, the 20GB system has also been dropped down to $579.95
Australian, so that's pretty awesome as well. Well, I don't know, dropping the core system
down to where the Wii is, not good enough, I still think.
Well, I don't know, I think it's interesting precedent, I wonder if that's going to happen
over here eventually, where the 360 will get cut back enough, where it can compete with
the Wii like that, but I don't think it'll happen anytime soon.
I think it's also a matter of the markets themselves that want to make it competitive
for the market it's in. Or is it just that Nintendo kind of likes
to screw the people that aren't in Japan or the U.S. by charging more for their systems,
because you know, doesn't the DS and the Wii cost way more? I guess most systems cost way
more in Europe and Australia, Canada. Again, the other thing has to do with what
the general cost of living is and how it relates to that particular area.
I don't think it's actually a very fair comparison to compare American dollars to other currencies,
when it depends on exactly how the currency works within the area it's from.
I'll give you that. Because as far as I know, it's not spending
a whole bunch of money in Europe. But it still creates an interesting choice
when they are the same price in that currency, the Wii and the 360, it's kind of a different
competition that it is here in that regard. But at the same time, if you want to argue
it I guess, that you would need to still buy a memory card in order to be able to save
your games and stuff, versus the Wii, which has built-in memory, although it is extremely
limited. Yeah, and you can't really download a lot
of videos with that. I forgot to mention, I did hear some interesting
news actually. Oh really?
Well not surprising, but the 64 meg memory unit for the 360 is going away.
Really? Yeah.
Where'd you get that? From Microsoft.
Places? Oh, I see.
Okay. Alright, well there you go.
Alright, well moving on. Well, for anyone who has been keeping up with
Sega, there was a rumor going around that they were doing a viking game called Vikings
Battle of Asgard, and GameStop has actually stopped listing the PS3 and Xbox 360 version
of that on their forthcoming games, and it was to be released in February 2008, but Sega
is not saying anything about it. I mean, they could say something when it comes
up to the convention coming up, but other than that, they're nuh-uh.
No hairy vikings! No fjords.
Wasn't there an old school PC game called Vikings or something like that, or what was
something else? I think it was the lost vikings or something?
Yeah, the lost vikings. Was that what it was?
I don't think this is a remake of that. I think it also had a version of the Super
Nintendo, didn't it? I think it did.
Yeah. Alright, anyway, completely different note
on Xbox Live Arcade. Apparently, they are developing Crazy Frog Racer?
They're porting it, yeah. Is Crazy Frog Racer already out on PC or something?
It's in the UK. Oh my lord.
And it's crap. Crazy Frog is like one of those franchises that really needs to go away.
Well anyway, the folks, it's Graffiti is the company that's working on it, and the CEO
of Graffiti, Kenneth Hurley, actually said this at a recent announcement, quote, we are
excited to jump in on the Xbox 360 and introduce our title to the millions of gamers around
the world playing on the console. But maybe no one wants to play your damn game.
Everything about that? Oh god, the soundtrack alone is going to make
me want to put a gun in my head. I don't get that Crazy Frog thing at all.
Have you heard the Crazy Frog songs, Jamie? I don't know.
Please have a clip. I will get a clip. I will load a clip right
now. Where's the ferret so I can do it it wrong?
While you do the next story. Do the next story and I will get a clip.
Alright, well, you may be waiting for a beautiful Katamari to come out in October, but in the
meantime though, you do have that wonderful demo that's available from Xbox Live.
And in case you want to get a little bit more life out of your demo, or just do something
really neat, what you need to do is hold the back and start buttons on your controller
as the demo is booting up on the main screen. And it will allow you to play as either the
Prince or Mag, one of Prince's many cousins. So you can actually play as one of the cousins
in the demo as well. Yay, that's kind of neat.
Yeah, and we actually have a clip of one of the new songs from Beautiful Katamari right
here. You know, if my Xbox, that was Crazy Frog
by the way, if my Xbox started making those type of noises, three red rings of death wouldn't
be enough for what I would do to it. Well, you know what, let's cleanse the palette
a little bit away from Retarded Frog. Smack you the frog. Anyway, for people who are still
playing Lost Planets, guess what? The maps are all free. You can just go get them.
I like free. They're free.
What else is there to say? Free stuff. Go Kat! Yay, free.
I like that whole concept though of releasing map packs in advance for money for the hardcore
people and then free for the rest of us later. Apparently, according to this, you can trade
in your game and rebuy it for 10 bucks at Toys R Us.
What? Because what this says, it says you can rebuy
it at Toys R Us for $9.99. Wow.
Why the fuck would you trade in your game and then rebuy it for 10 bucks?
It's a profit-making thing, I think. I think they're saying you can sell it back for more
and then buy it for cheap. It's a money-making scheme.
Whatever. I think that's with Madden. What it is is
the game is like 20 bucks right now. Let's see. Joshi16 says Crazy Frog Frogger
would be good. Kill him. They actually have Crazy Frog Racing coming
out on PlayStation 2 in two weeks, actually. Kill me now.
Maybe it'll coincide with the Xbox 360 game. Have you ever heard shittier music in your
life? I mean, really? Doesn't this make you want to go and willingly
listen to Britney Spears? It makes me want to go on a car trip with
you. Sorry.
Off a cliff? Hey, I've heard some of the stuff you play
in your car. I disagree with some of it.
Rob. What?
Heart. No, anyway. Let's change the subject. Our chat room's
in pain, and I'm sure many of you are, too. Let's talk about release dates. That's always
a happy subject that will wake us back up and get us all happy again.
Let's go over to Japan first and look at some release dates.
You might remember last week we didn't have a whole lot to report for the Japanese release
date. I hate to tell you, this week's looking pretty
similar. There is a new title on the Nintendo Wii coming
out on the 23rd from Compile, and it's called Sharui Takoran, which looks to be some type
of game where, I don't know. It's by Compile Heart, and this anime-looking
chick is offering up these little octopus-looking cute things.
I don't really know how else to describe it. It's a puzzle game, though.
Tentacle rape? Eh? No, no tentacle rape in this puzzle game.
No, that's what she's offering up. Tentacle rape, eh?
I don't think she's offering tentacle rape, Loki.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, Peer X Cure Recovery is coming out, and there's
also a special set coming out at the same time, and also coming out, Quiz and Variety
Suku Suku in Fuku 2. Moto Suku Suku is coming out.
That's what it's called. Okay, are there girls in school uniforms there?
Now check out this screenshot from Peer X Cure, Loki.
It looks like she wants a suku suku in the uku.
She's showing a little bit of skirt there, hiking up a little bit.
Okay, fuck Peer X Cure. I don't care about that.
I want to see what this suku suku thing is here.
It's a quiz game, though. Quiz and Variety.
I guess it's these cute little chibi bunny things.
Some are dressed as a knight, and some are dressed as little farms guys.
I guess that's Suku, and that's Fuku. I don't know.
Awesome. They're more descriptive terms, because moto
still is more. Alright, also coming out on the Nintendo DS.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Ring of Fates, and I'm sure a lot of you guys like your Crystal
Chronicles, so there you go. You have that to look forward to, and that's
probably the biggest game this week. That and suku suku.
Awesome. Anyways, let's see.
In the US, there's some pretty good stuff to look forward to this week.
Just a little game called Bioshock on PlayStation 2, or not PlayStation 2, 360 and PC.
I meant PC for some reason I was looking at a PlayStation 2 game.
OMG, Bioshock's coming to PlayStation 3 after all.
OMG, OMG. OMG, no.
It is not coming to PlayStation 2. PlayStation 2 would melt down if they had
to play that game. On PlayStation 2, though, you can look forward
to two wonderful games, including Metropolis Mania 2 and Brunswick Bowling.
Awesome, hooray. On PS3 and PSP, you're going to be getting
Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2, the delayed edition.
Then, let's see, also, let's see here, on PC and 360 as well, another good RPG, Two
Worlds coming out on both platforms, as well as the Two Worlds Collector's Edition.
And, let's see, on PSP, a couple more games, Jean de Arc and Dragonears Aria is also making
its way out. Then, let's see, on the Wii, a whole bunch
of nothing, and of course, on the DS, Brain Age 2, more brain training in minutes a day.
Another game that you'll play for one whole day and then stop playing.
And this one was really interesting, The Settlers is coming out on DS as well, which isn't that
Settlers of Catan, I think? The Settlers? Sounds familiar.
I don't know, I'll be able to look at that. And then, Operation Vietnam, so you too can
have the flashbacks that everybody is jealous of.
All right, that's government money out of. Real quick, before you get to the Europe dates,
I just want to say in chat, Darvoid says that Suku Fuku translates to summer uniform, despite
what you were thinking, sicko. That does look like a summer uniform.
Summer is natsu. Well, whatever, let's just move on.
On the 21st, we have Dragonears Aria on PSP. On the 24th, we have Anno 1701 for DS, Blue
Dragon on Xbox 360, Glory Days 2, Brotherhood of Men on DS, we have Loki on PC, a bunch
of Madden, fuck Madden, MotoGP 07. What's your biggest issue with Madden?
Sucks. I never said, I never, it's the husband and
friends thing. No, I detest American football.
All right, moving on. It's stupid.
I'm not going to argue. Play rugby!
Is Loki coming to Mac? No, it's PC.
That's right, and Loki does not come to Mac. I knew that was coming.
You're funny tonight. Can I continue?
Yes, you may. Thank you, sir. On the 24th, we have Pac-Man
Rally. 24th also is Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced
Warfighter 2 for PS3 and PSP, and 24th is Bioshock.
No, Bioshock. Are you going to hate that, too?
No, if they did a PS2 version, you'd think it would be like Bio Fizz, Bio Zap.
All right. I hope Mr. Bubbles gets a spinoff game. That's all I hope for.
He should have his own Saturday morning cartoonish show.
Mr. Bubbles Happy Hour! There should be a fighting game, Mr. Bubbles
vs. Pyramid Head. Pyramid Head would win.
That would be hardcore. They need to do scary games of the fire.
In a fight, though, between Mr. Bubbles, the Big Daddy and Pyramid Head, Mr. Bubbles, Pyramid
Head, and the licker from Resident Evil. I'm sorry. I would say, though, I think that,
you know, seeing in the demo how fast those, you know, Big Daddies move, and Pyramid Head's
just dragging that shit along. I mean, he's kind of slow.
Yes, but the only way you can kill Pyramid Head is for him to kill himself.
It's true. All right.
You have to beat him until he falls on his spike because he gets so tired of chasing
your stupid butt around. Seriously, what the hell happened to this
show tonight? We're random.
All right, anyway. But I do issue a challenge to anyone who's
working on our Moogan for us. Put Pyramid Head in there for me, please.
And label him P. Hiddy. I forgot about the Moogan thing.
It's P. Hiddy. Well, it was O.L.R. vs. A.G.I., right?
So it'd be, like, you, me, and Loki are all playable characters, and Scott, Mary Young,
and Jessica are all playable characters. Then maybe, like, Bobby B. for good measure,
and we could put one of our people, like Travis Donovan or D.M.N. or somebody can be a playable
character. And then P. Hiddy.
It just shows up. Random boss. He'd be like Noob Saibot.
It'd be smoke. All right.
Moving on. I'm looking at it.
Chat room is very random here. GS68 says, I want Dark Sakura the game, which
would more or less be Burnout O.L.R. edition. You don't know how right you are.
You just totally see her driving down the freeway. Let's see what else is there.
Joshi16 says, Bioshock on the Atari 2600. That'll be interesting.
All right. Anyhow, how about Wipeout on the Playstation 3?
A lot of folks want to see this game, and you might get to see it a little sooner than
later. You might, might, might, might get to see
it at Leipzig. A demo for the Sony Playstation Network release
of Wipeout HD apparently has been rated by the UK's version, I'm sorry, Germany's version
of the ESRB, and supposedly it's going to be at Leipzig Game Convention.
It was already formally announced. We know the game is coming.
It was already said that it was coming at E3 2007, and it's supposed to be released
before the end of the year. Wipeout HD, of course, will have high def.
It's Wipeout for the Playstation 3. What else do you need to know?
Why can't they just release a demo on the Playstation Network since there's hard landing
demos on there in the first place? Because people are really critical of demos
and stuff, and they probably want to make sure that, you know, because even though I
said earlier I wasn't going to base my full opinion of a game off a demo, there's a lot
of people that will, and I'm not perfect either. I've done it before, so.
So there you go. Another interesting thing, apparently Calling
All Cars is going to be transferable to the PSP, at least that's the rumor.
This is coming from a European magazine, PSP, the official guidebook, and no word on if
that's even true or not, but it would be interesting. I don't know.
Maybe sell some more copies on PSP that way. I don't know, is anyone interested in this
game? I know I looked at it and I was like, eh.
I have no idea what you're talking about. I've been ignoring it.
Alrighty then. I mean, is it supposed to be exciting?
Well, the game itself, you know, basically is kind of a cops and robbers type thing.
It's all done in, you know, cartoony cel-shaded and stuff.
Yeah, wasn't that, wasn't actually that an old show?
No. Oh, that was Car 54, Where Are You?
Yeah. That was a cool show.
I think there was a show called Calling All Cars, but I think it has nothing to do with
this, actually. I hear about the game and then it just goes
out of my head. I like the fact that it's transferable.
That's kind of a neat feature. I mean, that's something that Xbox Live is
never going to be able to really deliver because there is no portable Microsoft system yet,
but that's kind of neat. Wait.
I know, wait. Well, for anybody else, though, who's interested
in anything Sony has going on, there are going to be, they've actually got some dates released
from 3Speech for UK. First coming out is Warhawk on the 28th of
August on PSN and 21st September release for Blu-ray.
And also it's going to cost 19.99 pounds at 29 euros.
It will be, let's see, there will be extra video content, a manual and a Bluetooth headset
if you pay the 39.99 pounds to get it on the Blu-ray hard copy.
Heavenly Sword is going to be rumored as the 14th of September with Folklore and Lair on
12th and 26th October, of course, respective. And that's nothing really yet said about SingStar
for PS3. Will you guys be getting Lair at your house,
Jamie? Because I really want to see that game.
We could get it. I mean, we can rent whatever we want to.
Oh, that's cool. Because I'm kind of, you know, I still haven't
bought a PlayStation 3, but there are certain games I really would like to see that, you
know, may change my opinion on PlayStation 3 and finally get one, and that's one of them.
I can't remember if I have Lair on order or not.
I think I'm getting, I know I'm getting Heavenly Sword.
Oh yeah, that too. And then Ratchet and Clank Future Tools of
Destruction. I think by Christmas I'll have finally caved
and buy a PlayStation 3, I think. We'll see.
The longer you wait, the better a deal you're going to get.
That's true. So I'm trying to hold out, and I, well, also
the fact that I just don't have a lot of money right now, so.
And just remember, all the good games you're looking forward to aren't coming out until
next spring at least. True. True.
Anyways, I'll hold up. Well, moving on, let's talk about free, because,
you know, if I can't buy new consoles, then I'm going to get free stuff, because I like
free stuff. One thing that's now free is Ark Lord.
If you are an MMO fan, hopefully you've heard of this game, but if you haven't, Codemasters
Online Gaming has made its online RPG, Ark Lord, completely free to play.
There's an all-new expansion also available for download.
The director of marketing at COG noted, quote, Since its release, Ark Lord has grown consistently
and we are excited to throw open the doors to players across North America and Europe
looking to play a premium, 100% free MMORPG. There's got to be a catch.
What's the catch? There must be a catch.
Is there ads or something? It says, I'm looking at the official website
here, zero fees, download the free game now. I might check it out just for shits and giggles.
I thought that was, someone said that Overlord was based off that game, and I don't think
so, but possibly. The name sounds familiar, or similar, I should
say. Similarish name.
Rasteel UT says, Next week, Ark Lord closes down.
Enjoy it while it lasts. Well, speaking of enjoying it while it lasts,
you may be familiar with a wonderful spin-off into the porno world called World of Warcraft.
Well, guess what? They've decided to move off of World of Warcraft and move into the
ever-expanding realm of first person shooters. Yes, they have just created FPS porn.
Operation Sex, Cock and Load. That is the actual fucking name of this thing.
It is a gaming-themed porn series that is, of course, based off of games like Counter-Strike,
Ghost Recon, and Rainbow Six, and involves a lot of people running around shooting fake
guns and yelling stuff and sex. That's the best combination ever.
That's a list list in the making we need to do next week.
Random things you should have in a porn game. No, what video game should be turned into
porn? Like Biocock. Could be maybe an FPS that comes
out in the future. Cocking Mama.
Cocking Mama? What the hell is wrong with you?
Mama will fix it, naughty boy. Okay, I didn't say that.
Attention internet, DarkSakura would like to see Cocking Mama.
No! Not me. I was just thinking of names.
Looking at comments in the chat room, NintendoManiac64 says FPS, first person sex.
No, it's not first person sex, because that's POV sex, by the way.
That's a whole different genre. Just stop.
This is actually first person, where they've got the gun and everything, and they're firing
the gun and reloading it just like you would see in a first person shooter game, except
they stop and have sex every now and then. Because when you're in the middle of terrorist
warfare, you have to stop and have sex. They have to reload.
This is so mature tonight. RasteelUT sticks his head in a meat grinder.
Yay, good job. You've got the guy who's always ragging on
us, put his head in the meat grinder. No, I'm just kidding.
joshi16 says train your cock in minutes a day. RasteelUT says cooking mama bobbit.
Footy in Toronto says Nintendcats in itself is a sex game. Nintendpussy.
We are so mature. This show has sunk to the level of dick and
fart jokes. Congratulations, everybody.
You ever remember X-Man and Custer's Revenge? Of course I remember Custer's Revenge.
I haven't played X-Man, but I've heard you talk about it.
Got it. Good times.
All right, let's take a break. That sounds like a good idea, Rob.
This show's getting a little crazy. We're going to take a quick break.
We'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week. Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion
of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
