And welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio here on this lovely Sunday evening August the 5th of
2007 if you missed part a our show is a little bit in limbo tonight or a little bit broken first off
We have no Jamie tonight
She's unfortunately had a family emergency
so we all are of course thinking I'm about her at this time and and definitely we'll be seeing her next week after she's
got all that taken care of and
Also, we're in temporary studio
Obviously we weren't here last week because we were moving and we thought the new place would be up and running this week
However, the unfortunate thing is thanks to Comcast
We have no internet at the new place because you have to wait like two weeks to get an appointment if you're an existing customer
So it takes forever. So we're here from the temporary studio Loki and that's where we are tonight
So if you notice a lot of our usual sound effects are missing or we kind of sound different
That's a big reason why but we're really excited about the new studio
It's gonna be so much more space than before. I'm just worried about it is a garage
It's an insulated garage, but I'm just worried about the heat issues, but we'll worry and the echo
Cuz it's got a bad echo problem, too. We'll see we're gonna try and make it work by next week
So we're hoping to pull through for you for episode number 242 in the meantime
Let's get back into some gaming news and we're going to start off with some big news on the Xbox 360 big big news on
the Xbox 360
The $50 price break has been all but confirmed by Circuit City
Circuit City has put a brand new flyer out there that shows that there is a price drop on all the systems the elite coming down
To $449 the premium coming down to $349 and the core system coming down to $279
What should also be noted is that the premium system the three now $349.99 system is going to include
Rockstar table tennis so you get a free game with it now, which is pretty awesome
Even if the game is really only 20 bucks because Rockstar table tennis was cut down in price
That's better than no game at all, right?
That is true, and they're still you know denying that they have a price cut coming, but I think we know better than that
Usually Microsoft rumors end up to be true. Yes, and of course you know that's made its rounds all over the internet
Except that's you know not the only announcement coming this week
Probably by now by the time you download this podcast you will have heard that all the new
360 systems coming out as of this week and
into infinity I guess
Will now all have HDMI
so
Don't have to spend the big bucks for the elite even the core even the core system will have my theory of the core system
that's that's totally baseless other than the fact that I
Just feel that not a lot of people are buying the core system
And there's some other stories that kind of collaborate that later in the show wait a minute
So I don't understand how that works how what about all the systems that are already out there?
Are they gonna be coming off the shelves to make room for these HDMI enabled machines or what's gonna happen?
No, it's just they'll have this extra SKU out there, and I don't know maybe they'll drop the price even more
Huh very interesting so it's gonna have all HDMI on it so now
I was that to be competitive with PlayStation 3 or is that because too many people were bitching about the elites
Is the only way to go to get that I mean if you think about it's not a big surprise because look at the you know
halo
3 system I mean that's supposed to be coming out in
September here, and it's not a big surprise
That's why they haven't announced the price for that yet if you think about it because you know people be like well
Hey, you know isn't that supposed to if they announced it like 399 or something or 349 or whatever?
People say hey, why would I want to buy a premium system like buy the halo one for you know the same price with?
HDMI now Alex Silvara in chat has a very excellent point
I was thinking the same thing when I first heard this is that hmm
I need to figure out how to red-ring my premium so I can get an HDMI model a
hammer
No, but seriously like you know could you use that warranty to your advantage like somehow for sure 360 to give you the red rings
So when they send you a refurb it has HDMI
well, you could wrap a towel around it and
You know play it in another try to overheat it place it in an oven
No, but I don't know what I'm not recommending that you do that, but you know I'm just saying
And no one this is not a real big deal because you know the systems are out there right now
They don't have HDMI, but who cares I mean I guess
It sucks if you already bought one, but you know for like a person like me. I don't have any HDMI TV
I could care less so I know is HDMI really that big a deal
I mean because I have a feeling the Internet's gonna make this story this week and sound like this big huge
Frickin deal other thing is it I'm guessing it will not have an HDMI cable with it either
But the reason why is because there will be a cable. It's coming out as well all this is gonna be
You'll probably all know this by the time you hear the pod yes
So hmm you know because it also of course there was that GameStop thing the leak to the internet that said you know the
announcements gonna be made by the 8th or Wednesday, so
Yeah Wow not a big surprise, but
Well, you know this kind of supplements what Loki was saying earlier about possibly the core is going away completely
apparently
Xbox there's rumors going around that Microsoft has plans to make a hard disk drive a requirement to play games in other words that think
One Sega game a little while back had a long time ago. It was seeing a more game. It was on
Yeah, Sega Pro soccer or something or other out some soccer
Sim thing well that the hard disk drive will actually be required for some later games
That was on the early pack shot to for Call of Duty 4
They now you might remember that the original Xbox they all had hard drives
And they would use the hard drive to their advantage it would take data off the disk
Uncompress it and then put it on the HD H drive hard drive temporarily
And so basically the loading times are smaller
And if you've ever played oblivion without a hard drive versus with a hard drive very similar type of concept there of course no official
announcement announcement from Microsoft as of yet
But rumors are around and Microsoft rumors usually end up to be true usually unless it's like completely off-base
But I wouldn't see this as being completely off-base. I could I could see this being a reality yeah
I mean
I don't know many Xbox 360 owners without a hard drive unless they are seriously only
Buying a 360 for Madden or only buying it for select games
You know very very casual types of 360 gamers any I think hardcore gamer with a 360 probably has a hard drive. Yeah
So also this week you know that was very sorry
I just want to go chat really really quick because some good points here
Ross deal UT says of course Final Fantasy 11 another very big game that requires a hard drive on the Xbox 360 of course hello
I wonder doc Harold would like to point out HDMI is a big deal when you spend $2,000 on the TV
Raving he bought a TV that was like $2,000
Ravens dolphin says orange on its radio enforces bricking Xbox 360s
No
We do not encourage you to break your 360s because there's no guarantee you're gonna get one replaced with HDMI
Son of dad is being very bold says HDMI is a big deal for snobs
Hmm the other thing I'd like to mention though that table Rockstar table tennis bundle. That's out there
It's not the first time we've seen that actually
Around January of this year. There's a few retailers out there
This was offered to retailers as a way to sell systems, and it wasn't the only one fact
I double-checked it on the ad that I saw and the part numbers match exactly so
There's three different skews that they have they have Rockstar's table tennis top spin to
Which both of those have kind of leaked out on the internet now and amp 3 was the last one that they had that
I didn't see anyone having that but then again the games out of print also, so
It wouldn't surprise me though if they maybe Ridge Racer. That'd be kind of cool
But those three I know were being sold in January as well
So that's probably also why that the one that they did leak with top spin to I think
Had a price of $3.99
Because that's the old skew um and and three those kind of an old game though
I mean it is see that being super popular it is, but I mean top spin to I mean I'm not really
Tennis yay
Top spin game wasn't even that great topspin to wasn't even that great. I do like really games
I didn't like that one, so sorry to say
Now this is kind of interesting because you remember last week or two weeks ago
We were here back back here on the show we were talking about halo on the DS
We talked about like how Microsoft games could they really come out for the DS
And I think even one of the emails are gonna get to later gets into this
But it should be noted that at comic-con during a viva pinata panel of both things all things
Did you go to the viva pinata panel at comic-con?
She totally didn't I figured rare has actually announced. They are going to be releasing a Nintendo DS version of viva pinata
So kind of interesting they're rare is actually developing it developing it themselves
It's not a copy of the Xbox 360 game. It's different
Gameplay wise they say it's the same game, but it is going to be a different game
So kind of interesting because that's weird because rare is obviously a Microsoft subsidiary now
And now they're putting out a game on the Nintendo DS
But at the same time it makes a lot of sense if Xbox is not getting into the handheld realm anytime soon lots of kids
Have Nintendo DS's and viva pinata of course is not just a game on the 360, but a cartoon series
So you know they're trying to draw in the kids and make it like a new Pokemon type thing so I'm wondering who's my who's
Gonna be publishing this game is it gonna be Microsoft because that would be interesting if it's Microsoft
Publishing it or if it's actually gonna be rare developing it and Nintendo publishing it
Who knows?
Who knows I don't think it says here. I go. I guess it says the the
Article says it sounds like Microsoft is publishing it, but I don't think we know that for sure just yet
And I could be wrong though
Anyways
So another thing also that's very interesting kind of little weird the new X&A package for PC
You might remember Microsoft's kind of game development kit
Actually has support for Wiimotes for inputs for using that
So that's a little interesting that you can make gestured controlled games for windows-based
PCs
Wait so I mean because people with XNA can play these games that they make on their Xbox 360 correct
Yeah, so in other words people are gonna be able now
They're gonna have viva vignette on the DS and they can build games that use the wiimotes not necessarily
They have different libraries for both the PC and the 360 so it's not gonna allow you to play
You know Wii games are like, you know
Games that use the Wii remote on your Xbox 360, but you can play them on your PC
Oh, that makes sense because I was gonna say how can you plug in that infrared bar?
You can't it just it's just the wiimote and the sensors that are in that the accelerometers
No, I really need to plug in the bar anyways, because it's just two infrared lights. I guess that's true
That's still kind of interesting, but it doesn't have bluetooth on it
So, you know, it'd be a little hard to connect those we remotes to the system
Ross deal UT in our chairwoman like to point out Microsoft is published for DS before there was a mech assault game for it
So there you go and Ross do UT also says this only proves that Microsoft is smart enough to stay the fuck away from the portable
Market, there you go
Ravens dolphin says it's a fair trade
They get viva pinata and they get wiimote but that's not I mean to say Microsoft is getting the wiimote
That's that's a little bit jumping to conclusions because I think it's this is a very minor thing and it's not like XNA games
I don't think we've seen anything made in XNA actually go to the marketplace yet unless that what about that?
What was it a Aegis wing? Was that an XNA game the one they give out for free? Yeah
So that's like the only one though that I can think of that actually is coming
It's just that's the first one, but I don't think you're gonna just like see suddenly a random game that requires wiimotes
For the exact reason the Loki brought up before it's only really gonna work on the PC
It's just kind of interesting. I mean, there's really no other word for it that I can think of
It's just interesting that these worlds are colliding like this
So go figure
Let's see also interesting is a release that's coming out in Japan. It's getting Japan
All prepped for halo 3 because of course halo 3, you know, it's gonna be a big deal in this country, but in Japan
You know, I haven't taught the Amazon list at one point
I think I think it's I think it is doing pretty well in Japan. It's doing it's doing well over there
But it's not quite I mean, it's not quite the phenomenon that it is over here. You know what I mean?
Like, you know, we'll get in some other stuff regarding halo 3 later
That's kind of weird
But we should say this that what is coming out in Japan for roughly the equivalent of 25 years
US is a history pack. It's the halo history pack. It's halo and halo 2
And they're releasing obviously these were xbox games
But they are gonna release them in Japan, I guess with discs that have built-in backwards compatibility updates on them. So
You can just can pop them in the xbox 360s in Japan
And I guess the thought is that maybe this will you know get some hype going for halo 3 so
Kind of interesting that this is coming out but pretty cool a really a really good deal
I think the games are more expensive over here still I think halo 3 still set you back or halo 2
Still set you back at least 30 bucks or at least 20 bucks each. I think at least so not a bad deal
It's still a good deal. I wouldn't be surprised if we see something like that over here. I don't know why they wouldn't but whatever
What is very weird by the way, they can all hear you eating on the stream right now
Very professional. All right. Well, I'm not eating right now. So, huh. I'm done eating
Anywho there's gonna be
Halo 3 pre-orders are like everywhere including 7-eleven now. Yes, you can go buy a
Slurpee or I guess a a
You know simpson themed item and you can also pre-order halo 3
Why well where there's money to be made. I mean you don't think of 7-eleven as being a big
Video game sales chain, but let's face it. I mean lots of people want to buy halo 3
Not everybody's gonna want to deal with the crowds at Best Buy or GameStop or whatever. So why not 7-eleven?
I mean why if they can turn a profit from bringing a small amount of video games into their store? Why not? Right?
I guess
It's just weird because you don't usually think of 7-eleven as a place to go get your games
But honestly if that's a nationwide thing is having confirmed to be nationwide. What's going on?
I don't know franchise to franchise
I would think probably franchise the franchise but um, they did that around here. I might seriously consider it
I mean who else is gonna pre-order it freaking I always thought 7-eleven is a place to go play street fighter 2
DJ dark knight says they sold halo 2 at 7-eleven 2 apparently a lot of people are
Forgetting about that
Bandit says the weekend again all these comments coming from our live chat room chat dot orange launch rate calm
Bandit says the week halo 3 comes out so many 7-elevens are gonna get robbed
so many of them
And JV Mon says didn't 7-eleven have the Wii price and a contest ad once
Sorta, but that was a contest contests are different. I would think hmm
Um, alex selvara says since they turned 7-elevens into quickie marts, maybe turn a few into pillars of autumn
There you go. Turn them into some halo themed stores there. That could be a interesting and expensive
Very expensive and ridiculous. Yeah, it would be a little bit ridiculous. Where the hell am I?
Uh, there's a brand new xbox 360 repair website
If you had your on over in your browser in internet explorer or firefox to service dot xbox
dot com. There's a brand new site just set up pretty much to deal with the red rings of death and other things
Related to xbox 360 failures
It's all automated now and it's probably to reduce the stress on those poor call center reps
I have to take all your angry calls
You can register your console on the site schedule the repairs and keep track of them all through the website and the site
Will also give you a five dollar discount just in case your xbox 360 is outside of warranty
Like if it's not related to the red rings of death or whatever, um, since i'm sure that's money that's being saved
On the customer service end from not having to actually talk to you
Whoo five dollar discount off of like 150 bucks to repair that thing. That's a little ridiculous
This is extremely sad news for me
Um, grand theft auto 4 has been delayed to next year
I I cannot tell you the utter disappointment that i've had. Um
I know at work all of our grand theft auto group very disappointed
But I guess the reason was just wasn't done yet
Big game want to make sure it's you know, perfect
And they just can't get done. So, you know, but uh outside of you the general consensus
I'm feeling from the internet blogs and the internet websites is it's okay
Now we have more time to play the other games that are all coming out this holiday season as well. Like it's more halo time
It's more mass effect time. It's more, you know, whatever the hell you're playing netroid prime, whatever
Now if you gotta look at this very interesting though
I mean this actually I think hurts sony because if you look at it sony for you know
First party titles and stuff coming out in the fall. They had like heavenly sword lair
um ratchet and clank future and
You know, I guess sing star or not. I have judgment. I mean those aren't I mean heavenly sword
It's gonna be awesome and lair is gonna be pretty awesome and then ratchet and clank
You know, definitely a good game, but those don't sell systems grand theft auto 4 would sell systems
And I know it's ridiculous because yeah, it's coming out in the 360 as well
But still, you know, some people are sony loyalists and they will buy their system when there really is something about that
PlayStation name that is going to keep a lot of people with playstation, but here's the thing now that it's not coming out
People are going to start thinking hey
You know, I just can't wait anymore and you know now you've got halo 3 coming out
It's gonna sell even more now that there's nothing competing with it, you know, at least around that same time and you know
Plus microsoft has a really strong lineup for the fall. I mean shit that's gonna really hurt them
I mean granted the game is gonna still sell like crazy when it comes out because now there's gonna be nothing competing with it
but
That's still more time and less units out there for sony and that's also more opportunity for them to lose
Even more exclusives if they can't have a good holiday season
What about the rumors that it's the the part of the reason of the delay is the playstation 3 development and that it's coding problems
Um, somebody just brought that up in chat and also I remember reading that somewhere, but I don't know
There's there's part of me that felt that that was a little bit fanboy ish. Like I didn't know whether to pump it or not
I don't know if it's true or not
I mean I could see it because there are a lot of games lately from all different publishers and all different developers
That have been delayed on the playstation 3 end because it is hard to develop for they're not used to it
They're used to developing for the 360 and you know, just developing for the cell is a lot harder
So it's possible. I don't think it's true, but I just think the game was just not done
It was a pretty aggressive deadline there
They're trying to meet and you know, they probably just want to make sure it's perfect because the game is gonna be open to a crap load of scrutiny, right?
Hell yeah
So especially from our very own Loki
Hell yeah
All right. Well, you know, that's not the only game to get delayed
I know probably not quite as many of you were looking forward to this
Opened up to say that black site area 51, of course area 51 being one of their popular shooting games
Well, this new area 51 is going to be a very popular game
On PC PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 it has been bumped back to November 5th
Which isn't a huge delay
I mean, it's not like what we're looking at for the other games there, but it has been bumped back to November
And funny enough, there's no demo for the PlayStation 3 yet on their service
I think there was one supposed to be coming out later this month
Possibly development issues
And this there's another thing also too
That we're forgetting about and I'm going to cover this right now
There's another game delayed lair which is supposed to be coming out actually next week is now coming out in September 4th
And the reason why it's being delayed is to enhance community features in the game
Because if you remember lair is gonna be one of the first games that supports home in both the I guess their trophy system
As well as you know being able to launch the game from home and stuff like that
So some of these games also coming out in the fall may be delayed with some of those features in mind as well
Interesting, so I mean that doesn't seem like that huge of a delay though
I mean is that really enough time to kind of fix everything?
I guess it is
Strange
Alright well we're going to get into the mailbag, we can't delay that anymore
It's been two weeks coming and we want to get to your emails
And hear from some of you folks and unfortunately dark soccer is not here tonight
But filling in tonight for the mailbag is the one and only Miklotov
Me
So unfortunately we don't have the music tonight so I'll say
I don't know how it goes which one is the mailbag
Oh yeah we're used to seeing the song off scene
Alright whatever get into the mailbag, who emailed us this week?
Well, the first one is from Richard, I'm not going to say his last name because that might
be inappropriate.
You could use the last initial, I think that's okay, alright, thank you.
M, the letter M, says, hey guys, I just felt like saying hi because you guys are so cool.
It was a real bummer you didn't have a show last week.
It feels like it's been longer though.
Also, I just found my Golden Sun game and was wondering did you ever like playing it
because it seriously, to me, lacks the information giving, meaning it doesn't always let me
know where I need to go or do.
And is the new Tales of game for PSP any good?
And I already said who it was by, so I'm not going to say it again.
And he needs to learn how to use commas because he used them incorrectly.
Oh my god, it's just like having Jamie here.
Shane's complaining about the grammar of the emails, this is amazing.
I'm sorry.
I honestly don't know a lot, I mean, Golden Sun.
I played the crap out of Golden Sun, actually.
Well, then you answer that.
I loved it up until like, I put it down for two days and he's dead on where it doesn't
tell you what you're supposed to do, ever.
So putting it down for two days meant I couldn't play it anymore because I forgot what I was
doing and there was nothing to help me figure out what I was doing, except for the internet.
And I don't think I really used the internet much at that time when it came out.
But yeah, it's a great game if you remember what you're doing or keep track of it.
I don't know anything about Tales game.
Loki, do you know anything about Tales game?
There was a Tales game, got it.
There's a new Tales game I know coming out.
I haven't heard too much about it, though.
I will try to read up on it very quickly while you read the next email.
Look how long this is.
Do I have to read it all?
Yeah, just read it.
Okay.
This is from Scott L. Wait, crap, he has like a pseudonym at the bottom.
Maybe I'll just wait till that.
That's not from Scott L. at all.
Okay.
This is what it says.
I'm bad at this, my god.
Hey Yet Again, guys, was listening to this week's Part B and had a couple of responses.
Number one, I had a 360 break on me with the disk scratching problem.
This was one day after I bought it and had originally set it up on my coffee table while
I made sure I had everything set up correctly.
Once it was running smoothly, I gently picked it up to move it onto my entertainment center
and next thing I knew, I heard a horrible loud grinding sound.
I had only lifted it about an inch off the table and it, god, there's so much to read,
but I had lifted it gently without tilting it at all.
It not only ruined my disk, but when I put another disk in, and I don't want to read
this anymore, this is really long and boring.
Okay, the gist of what he's saying is it scratched that disk as well once he put another one
in to test it.
And he learns his error of his ways because- Exactly.
Don't move the system while it's on.
He says it was near the system's launch and he had no idea it would happen.
He has had lots of machines that use his disks from PS1 on, as well as PCs, and I've never
had this happen before when I moved them.
He got a replacement and things have been smooth sailing at first, but he wanted to
let everyone know that the disk scratching problem is a blatant fault in the 360 hardware
and can happen without, or with the slightest movement.
It doesn't require shaking or tilting it, even though it sounds like, you know, any
sort of jostling, just picking it up is enough to break it.
And the second thing he says is, you said Microsoft didn't make or license their titles
to DS.
Oh, we talked about this earlier.
Yeah, did he bring up the same mech assault?
Mech assault and Age of Empires.
The chatter beat you to it just because the chat room comment came before the mailbag,
sorry.
Yeah, and then he talks about Halo.
It's very boring.
Cheers, y'all!
Hero antagonist.
You're the worst email reader ever.
Did you see how long this is, though?
It just kept going on and on.
Yeah, then summarize.
I did.
I tried.
All right, really quickly, the chat room has some comments here about the, where we did
not know much about the Tales of series, our chat room fills in here.
Hooray.
Alex Silvera says, Tales of the world, Radiant mythology for the PSP, simply, it's awesome.
Oh, that's right.
That's the game that came out.
And Zappy says, the PSP Tales of is a fan service for Tales of fan.
There you go.
Hooray.
Next, email is from Rissimo.
It says, hey guys, oh, by the way, I have to censor this because I don't cuss, so this
should be interesting.
Hey, guys, I've been a faithful listener for about a year and a half now.
I've been in the chat room a few times, but I'm often too busy to listen to you live,
so I just download the podcast to my PSP.
I think the three of you offer so much to the gaming community and find it sad that
many gamers that listen to podcasts haven't heard of you.
The end.
Stop it.
Come on, keep going.
I love the extreme sarcasm and angst that Jamie has, or that Jamie offers.
Matt's rants are incredibly entertaining, and Rob is just too fracking adorable.
I know you're moving.
The word was fucking?
Yes.
Was that the word, Shane?
That's one word.
There's more.
Hey, I'm adorable.
That's great.
I know you're moving the studio soon and just want to know about any possible changes.
I really hope you guys add video.
Please consider it.
Loki, I agree with you on the zapper.
Just try to homosexual your anger a little.
I don't even know what that means.
It's the fag your anger joke from like four weeks ago, of which we are noticing more and
more iTunes reviews popping up saying that we need to learn how to fag our anger.
That's stupid.
You're stupid.
Thanks for the oral pleasure, Rissimo.
Hey, any time.
There was no question in that one.
Next.
Hey, I don't mind a little ego email now and then.
We're on the last email, everybody.
Thank God.
This one I read earlier, and I think it's interesting, and I'm probably going to do
it at some point.
All right.
Hey, O-L-R. I know I'm a bit late, but it's been a hectic week.
I just listened to the post E3 episode and wanted to make a short comment to the listener
who was looking for more games for the blind.
I recently heard of a game called Sound Voyager for the GBA.
Unfortunately, it's an import only from Japan, but since it's handheld, it's region-free.
Anyway, I've not played the game, but according to reviews, it's supposedly more enjoyable
to play this game with your eyes closed.
If you or anyone else is interested, now is a good time to pick it up from Playasia because
it's on sale for $15.
Those are all the bit generation games.
I bought one of them, which I didn't like that one.
Sound Voyager?
No, it wasn't Sound Voyager.
But, I mean, that's one of them.
They had one.
Yeah, that's one of them.
It's generation two, I think, but they're awesome games for the Game Boy Advance.
Just be careful.
There's one I got colorists or whatever that's not very fun.
I didn't really know how to play it.
It ends with hope this helps some people out.
Apollo.
Hooray.
That was a good email.
That was.
It's on a hat.
It's helping listeners.
Yeah.
Unlike the one that was just complimenting you or the guy that writes too much.
You're rude.
All right.
If you want to send an email, we promised Jamie you'll be back next week.
She's just as mean as I am.
Mailbag at Orange Laundry.
Maybe we're going to have Loki read him.
He's a little nicer.
Who can we get in here that's nice to the listeners?
I'm nice.
Not when you have to write a whole crap about stuff that's not interesting.
Mailbag at OrangeLaundryDo.com.
And now it looks like a homosexual your anger might be the new catch line.
I started something worse.
I'm looking like what?
Even what you had before.
I don't understand how the last one makes sense, what you guys said, but I don't understand
how this one makes even more sense.
It was okay.
It was that week that we speculated.
We didn't know that the word was spastic.
Some video game had the word spastic in it, and we speculated that the word was retarded
because we didn't realize the cultural differences.
So we were talking about the word retard and how it might not mean the same thing in Europe
that it means here or whatever, and Loki said retard your anger because I guess it was a
line in anger management or whatever.
It's also like fire retardant, you know?
Oh, okay.
So then I was talking about how fag means something different here in America versus
what it means in Europe, right?
It's not quite the insult it is over there.
So then Irene pops up and goes, hey, Loki, you need to fag your anger.
And then it caught on.
I don't know.
That's terrible still.
Didn't get any better hearing the story behind it.
Sorry.
It's okay.
Just go.
You know what's even worse is when like you talk on the live internet show about something
that happened on the same live internet show, like just like five weeks ago, it wasn't even
that long ago.
It's probably still up for download.
Don't give me that look.
I'm going to talk.
You're giving me that look.
I'm looking at the internet.
That Laura Roslin look of disapproval.
I don't like it.
I love Laura Roslin.
I wanted to give her a hug at Comic-Con, but she was too far away.
All right.
Can we talk about something else, including sports games?
We don't talk a whole lot about sports games here on the program, and we've gotten some
feedback that says maybe we ought to talk a little more about sports games.
Maybe if they were interesting, we would.
Remember that whole you're an asshole thing we were talking about earlier?
I like winning 11.
There we go.
Well, there you go.
Do you like a major league baseball power pros?
Oh, the Konami game.
Well, it's Konami and 2K sports.
That's what makes this interesting.
The two of them are actually teaming up to put out the game.
Oh, what system is it for?
It is coming out for... That's a very good question.
I haven't gotten there yet.
Gosh.
Nintendo Wii and some PlayStation 2.
Yeah.
I totally saw that in the office.
It looked awesome.
Are you even allowed to tell us that?
What office is left?
Oh, okay.
I think it's out in the camera.
Seriously.
Can you tell us more?
It was adorable because everybody had big heads and big eyes.
It was pretty cool.
I don't know.
I just saw people playing it.
It looked like fun.
Well, the press release boasts that there's a dozen different game modes in the game.
It's going to have long-term playability.
It'll have, of course, a season mode as most sports games do.
Success mode as well.
In season mode, you become a major league baseball team general manager and, of course,
what is the ultimate goal?
To win the World Series.
Success mode, though, has more traditional role-playing elements and other baseball scenarios
in it.
They're calling this mode unique and compelling, which, of course, press releases are supposed
to talk about.
I don't think it's either of those, but it did look like a lot of fun, so I would highly
recommend it if you like baseball games.
That's what it's really about.
To some people.
It's not going to be the graphics, that's for sure.
See, and now there's people in chat going, no, don't talk about sports games, or Ravensdorf
says Sky Talking Baseball makes me want to go kill myself.
I love going to baseball games.
I'm just saying the games are kind of boring as of late.
It's cheapy and cute.
Even I love baseball stars on the end.
There's the occasional sports game that I will.
Like the Ken Griffey games were really fun on the Super Nintendo.
Or like Double Dribble.
How can you not love NBA Jam?
Hello.
Yeah, but just because you don't play Madden doesn't mean you have to hate all sports games.
Yeah, that's true.
Madden is just a little hardcore for maybe some people that don't follow football.
Yeah.
Maybe it's a bit much.
Football is fun to watch, but I don't understand it.
If you play racing games, that's a sport.
Hello.
They tried to make DDR sport, guys.
Come on.
Well, that's a whole other, you know.
But no, sports games can be good.
And this one, you know, if you like baseball and you don't mind, you know, cute little
things, it's going to be good.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, one thing that may be good.
If you're holding out for All Pro Football 2K8, apparently sales of All Pro Football
2K8 were okay, I guess.
I guess 2K was not terribly pleased and not terribly disappointed.
So the rumor is that it may be dropping price with the upcoming Madden release.
So if it's going to drop price, that would probably be by next week then since, well,
that's when Madden comes out.
So I don't know.
Looks pretty cool.
I did see some funny videos, though, online of OJ Simpson.
And there was this one team, I can't remember what it was, but they had a, one of their
mascots was this guy with a knife and he was stabbing.
It was funny.
So the fun things you can do with All Pro Football.
The OL Army Ninja in chat says, you guess a lot, Loki.
I do.
And I am right a lot as well.
Now, okay, even if you, I know some of you guys may not care about the sports games,
but I know you guys are ready for this.
Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
And Super Smash Brothers Brawl, of course, we know it's going to have, you know, huge
multiplayer modes, battles.
But single player mode, we got a little more information about this week.
Personally the single player mode is going to be a bit more of a side scrolling action
game.
Now if you think back to Super Smash Brothers Melee, the single player was like awesome.
Like you know, when you were playing some of those levels, like the first one that looked
like the Mario Brothers level or whatever.
Like I know a lot of people that were going, where is this game for the GameCube?
Where is our Mario Brothers game that looks like this on the GameCube?
And so I guess in Brawl they've taken it in another direction.
Now it's like this whole side scrolling action game.
And some people are comparing it to Kingdom Hearts, just because of the fact that you
pull in all these characters from different universes, throw them in a blender and toss
them into this one game.
Here's a quote from the story, quote, we've managed to create a complete side scrolling
action game.
Its storyline isn't overwrought, it's hastened along by a bunch of quick movies.
The adventure mode also empathizes character development.
You'll see many famous characters persevering under the weight of their personal histories,
shouldering their unique burdens.
It's really something you won't see anywhere else.
That sounds kind of cool because it sounds like it could be something that's all by itself.
Go figure.
Something else I want to say really quickly though, because I noticed it didn't make the
show roll.
There's some other information that hit the Smash Brothers dojo this week at SmashBrothers.com
and that is another newcomer.
It's Ike.
And Ike you may have never heard of before, unless you play Fire Emblem, because Ike comes
from the Fire Emblem series.
He comes from I think the GameCube one, which probably sold about five copies.
Well, whatever you feel about Fire Emblem, Ike is going to be one of the characters in
the game.
It's just like a character you'd have a crush on, Miklotov, actually.
I totally do, because he's got blue hair.
Well, hopefully the Wii version is going to sell a little bit more, because they do have
the Wii one coming out in November here, so.
That's true.
Okay, Loki, I have a question for you, because Shane's going to yell at me if I say this.
Loki, is his hair blue or purple?
From here it looks kind of dark blue.
Oh, it looks purple.
Your eyes suck.
It's purple to me.
There's this inside.
It's not even a joke.
Do we want to explain to the listener?
Miklotov can't see purple.
It's indigo.
I swear his hair is purple.
Well, I'll fight you for it.
It looks a little purple.
It's blue-y purple.
Well, I'll tell you what, well, I don't know.
Another interesting thing, we've talked about this numerous times before, but the Neo Geo
is coming to the Virtual Console, and now it is confirmed on Nintendo's Virtual Console
website in Japan.
They do show the Neo Geo there, and also have a spot for another console that's yet unnamed.
Dreamcast.
Commodore 64.
Come on, Dreamcast.
MSX.
Commodore 64, remember that rumor a while back?
Yeah.
Like, wasn't, isn't there supposed to be like an Impossible Mission remake that was supposed
to be one of the first games that's not just a direct port of something old?
There's Impossible Mission.
I do remember it's supposed to be coming out, and there's also Elevator Action, which is
now called Spy Game Elevator Action.
You know, I do and I don't want MSX.
I mean, that would be great for the Japanese folks, but they're not going to take the time
to translate any of those games into English for us over here, but can you imagine actually
being able to play Gardic over here in America, the first game in the Guardian Legends series.
And if you've listened to this show for any length of time, you know that I have a huge
nerdgasm boner for the Guardian Legends on 8-bit systems.
It's gross.
But it's true.
There's no games that you get that super excited about.
Silent Hill.
See?
Pump It Up.
That's gross.
Whatever.
Both of those games are amazing.
You did see that there's a new Pump It Up coming again.
It was.
PSP.
I actually was talking to Rob about that today, and I wanted to cry.
And I was making fun of him, because the game will probably have his favorite Pump song
of all time in it.
It probably will, and it's really going to make me sad.
Which for the record is Luzenka.
Yes.
Save Us.
Luzenka, Save Us.
I don't know if you like any of these songs.
I mean, maybe Guitar Hero 3 will make you feel better, Miklotov.
There is one song on there that does make me feel better.
Oh, I'm curious to know what it is.
There are some new songs that were just announced, and of course, it seems like whenever there's
a new Guitar Heroes game, whether it's the 80s edition or the 3, it seems like the songs
keep slowly rolling out to keep this game in the press.
I will tell you no or yes when you read off the list.
Miss Murder by A.I.
No.
Threes and Sevens by Queen in Stone Age.
No.
Raining Blood by Stare.
No.
Reptilia by The Strokes.
No.
Paranoid by Black Sabbath.
No.
Cities on Flame by Blue Ice or Cold.
No.
Mississippi Queen by Mountain.
No.
You didn't read enough of it.
That's it.
That's the seven new songs.
That video was crazy.
Through the Fire and Flames.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
I don't know why.
It does remind me stuff you'd see in Guitar Freaks and stuff, just the insanely fast...
Made no sense, really.
It's just like, oh, my God.
I like Cherub Rock by the Smashing Pumpkins.
That looks like it would be cool.
Paint It Black by the Rolling Stones.
That's kind of awesome.
If they did Muzzle by...
Sabotage by Beastie Boys.
Hey, this is my bad.
I don't like the Beastie Boys.
Tenacious D songs in there.
My Name is Jonas by Weezer.
I'm still thinking that Rock Band's going to outdo this.
From everything I understand, I'll probably buy them both because I'm such a whore for
music games.
I can admit it.
I don't know.
Have you seen footage of Guitar Hero 3 since Neversoft took it over?
Yeah.
It looks kind of weird.
That's all right.
DDR looked kind of weird when it went over to the Xbox, but you get used to it.
Still kind of looks weird.
I like how you can give us a more honest opinion now.
I don't think I ever was not honest about how I felt about the game.
I guess that's true, but it seems different now.
What do you think about DDR Hottest Party?
I think it's a piece of crap.
Oh, man.
I'm way too honest.
We probably ought to move on to the next topic.
Loki.
Yeah, speaking of weird and kind of crappy, Guitar Hero.
It's been spotted in the arcade, and it's actually, they had a wonderful shot of it
on Kotaku.
It was a game in a Bangkok arcade, and what's funny about it is there's no guitar.
It's just Guitar Hero.
Why are you giggling at him talking about a game in Bangkok if you don't have a perverted
mind, Shane?
No, I'm not laughing at that.
I'll tell you later.
Go on with your story.
What's funny, though, is the whole game looks like popin' music.
It's got basically giant buttons for each of the fret buttons, and I guess you play
it a little bit like popin' music.
One might say, though, it's kind of ripping off of Beatmania, so that's kind of ironic.
So all you do is you just hit the buttons down, and that's like an automatic strumming,
too?
I don't know, but...
It would just be popin' music.
That's all it is.
I was just saying, it's popin' music.
Poppin' Hero.
That's a terrible name.
It sounds like a popcorn game.
By the way, I just want to point out, this is what Shane's doing during the show.
You know why he started laughing?
It had nothing to do with the whole Bangkok thing.
He's reading Big Brother 8 live updates and giggling at them, and the housemates calling
each other dirty names.
That's what really goes on here in the OLR studio.
Whatever.
Hey, don't get off topic.
Continue with your video games discussion.
Oh, okay, I will.
So would you play Guitar Hero in the arcade if it was popin' music?
I may try it once just to say that I played it, and that's about it.
I like popin' in the arcade.
It would be fun.
It would be cool.
I'm sure it's like playing Unjamma Lamy in the arcade, which I played one time.
It was very strange.
Like first off, it's made for little kids, so I had to like get on my knees to play this
game.
Shut up!
But I like, you know, because I'm really tall, unlike little Asian girls, and I had to like,
you know, squat down to play the, never mind, I'm not going to finish the story.
Was it like trying to use like a little kid urinal or something like that?
Like they did in Billy Madison, where he has to like squat down, he falls over.
Let's see.
Ross Steel UT says, you hit the buttons, isn't that every fucking rhythm game ever?
Kinda.
Hit them with your feet, hit them with your hands, hit them with the strumming, hit them
with your voice.
You can't hit buttons with your voice.
Sorta.
You can if you sing really bad.
Some people say my voice pushes people's buttons.
I love dead air.
Moving on to another story, and this is a story that seems to come up every single week,
but there's a website out there, Inner Bits, that is saying that developers have their
dirty little hands on a six axis controller that rumbles.
And yes, we've been hearing this story on and off, and Loki has been insisting for weeks
and weeks that yes, this is coming, but apparently various Sony developers do have their hands
on the six axis with rumble.
Rumor is it could be their big announcement at the convention in Germany, the Leipzig
convention.
Congratulations for spending $499 on your brand new 60 gig PlayStation 3 system.
Also congratulations, you're now gonna have to buy new controllers, thank you.
What's also funny is they actually did come out and-
Sure, why not?
The same thing happened on PS1 and PS2.
Oh yeah.
Wait.
But they didn't say rumble is last generation then.
PS1 didn't have the little analog sticks to be analyzed, and PS2 didn't have rumble to
begin with.
I have a PS2 controller that doesn't have rumble.
Really?
Yes.
I swear they had-
I bought one at launch.
It had rumble.
Then why the fuck doesn't my PlayStation 2 controller rumble?
Is it broken?
No.
I think it is.
Are you sure it's a PlayStation 2 controller?
I'm sure.
It could be just an-
A black PS1 controller?
Yeah, they had those.
Did they?
Son of a bitch.
Yeah, because I remember I bought mine at launch and-
Yeah, I worked it.
Oh my god.
I failed.
Jesus.
I do remember having to buy the DualShock controllers at one time, so yeah, that makes sense.
But this is something that they took away and now they're putting back.
But they said they justified taking away, because it was a last generation feature.
Oh, okay.
Because rumble is so last gen.
Welcome to last gen, Sony.
They're all, well, last gen sold better than this gen, so let's go back.
I think that's what they're doing.
They're like, maybe if we can just make it like the PS2, it'll sell.
Anyways, so another interesting thing, Warhawk is finally, the price point has been announced.
We knew before that the retail version was going to be $59.99, and that was going to
include a Bluetooth headset, as well as some extra bonus behind the scenes crap.
And now the online version, probably the most expensive download I think you'll ever see
on a console, well, so far at least, is $39.99 to download this game.
You thought Luminous was expensive.
Well, actually, if you add it up, if you add up the game itself and then all the fucking
little packs they have with it, maybe it's getting close.
It's probably about $25.
That's before we even get to packs.
I mean, what makes you think that Warhawk's not going to have downloadable content?
Good point, good point.
Alright, so are you going to buy this though?
Nope.
I have, I do not like online only multiplayer games.
That's true.
No more MMOs.
That's what turned me off to...
MMOs are different.
This is just like straight, you know, online only multiplayer.
It feels like half a game to me.
It's like taking the online portion of your single player first person shooter and just,
well, we didn't feel like creating this story, so let's just make the game.
Okay, the chat room is all like saying, you know, and I appreciate the chat room and their
comments, but they're all like, Sky, have you turned on the rumble and the various games?
Give me a little credit here, people.
I mean, okay, I've been doing an internet radio program about video games with my friends
for five years.
Okay, give me a little bit of the benefit of the doubt that I know how to turn these
features on and games and check and see, you know, all this stuff.
I realize I'm not perfect and I don't get things right all the time.
We're human, but please.
I'm trying to remember if yours even has the little button in the middle to turn on.
It does.
And we're back, folks.
Sorry about that.
We don't know what happened.
I can tell you what happened.
This Skype mess with the settings there.
Well, live radio, boys and girls, we're in the temporary studio.
What can you do?
These things happen.
Now, I don't know what the last thing the folks heard was, though, before we went to
the Skype line.
So quickly give us the last story again real quick there.
Sorry, folks.
Live radio, things happen.
The last story?
Like, which story?
The story about the start of the read?
Okay.
So we were going to cover one story that we ran on the website about the Tokyo game show
list for Sega.
That makes me sad.
And that looks really awesome.
It's such a wonderful list.
Even like, Fighters Megamix 2 and stuff, I was like, oh, hell yeah.
New Space Channel 5 and Jet Set Radio.
New Space Channel 5 and Jet Set Radio, yeah.
Guess what?
It's fake.
Because it was too much of a Sega fanboy's dream.
And we posted that on our website.
Yes.
Awesome job.
Awesome job, everybody.
Now, how did it get debunked?
The original source actually has posted a retraction and apology.
So saying we lied because we made all of those up because people wanted to hear that.
Yeah, so they are a big douche, apparently.
It says, let's see, it says there has been a lot of controversy regarding the recently
posted rumor regarding Sega's possible Tokyo game show lineup.
Now, I was originally very defensive of this piece and because of who sent it in, his long
time go-to guy named Rob, Rob, what did you do, has sent me exclusive tips of four years
and until this most recent one, all were accurate.
And apparently, Rob says, sorry guys, says that I'm sorry for this whole damn mess.
I assure you that this will not happen again.
I have to say I applaud you guys for being right on top of this.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I think really some of those games sounded plausible up until you hit Shenmue 3.
I can tell you one thing, though, that will be a Tokyo game show this year.
I don't know if you can get excited about this or not, but a new Sonic Riders game,
Sonic Riders Zero Gravity will be there.
It's coming out on the Wii and PlayStation 2, actually around the same time as the first
one came out last year, around February, I believe.
If it was a new version of Sonic R with the same awesome music, maybe I'd care, but...
Yeah, it's just not...
Riders was okay, it was an alright game, but, I don't know, put it this way, as long as
it controls better than Sonic the Hedgehog on PlayStation 3 and 360, I'm fine with that.
Ooh, that was, that's a burn right there because that game sucks.
Alright, so, I'm very sorry, guys, we're not going to be able to do the Skype line tonight,
live radio, and things are broken and it's not running at the same time as our recording
software does, so that's okay, we'll bring it back next week.
We'll take more calls next week to make up for it, but we will do some Ask Orange Lounge
tonight.
We do have our chat room is still working, you guys can interact with us through that,
so if you have a question for us, send me a private message in the chat room and we'll
do some Ask Orange Lounge here in just a moment, I see some questions starting to come in.
I like the bubble noises, that was fun.
No, I didn't like that, I don't know if the chat, that might have been when our stream
died, I don't know if they heard the bubble noises or not.
Well, you can probably go in there and adjust it so that it's line in stuff, I don't know,
fucking hate Skype.
Yeah, I don't know, at this point, let's just, do we really want to break the show further
tonight?
Yeah!
Might as well go all or nothing.
Let's go all the way, man, let's break the show.
Alright, well there are some comments in chat about the whole Sega thing going on, Ross
Deal UT says, Sega doesn't know how to make good games anymore, how could you not know
this was fake?
They do ruin all their franchises they touch lately.
And also, if you looked at that list, that's a huge fucking list, I mean, there's no way
they're working on that much.
The only thing that was missing from it was Panzer Dragoon Saga 2, that was it.
Everything else is like, and boy.
Let's see, um, Raven's Dolphin says, no Skype, wow, OLR is having my kind of failure.
There you go.
Dartitsui has said they should make a new Jet Set Radio for the Wii anyway.
Not for the Wii, make it for the 360.
Dartitsui says, oh hell, a new Samba de Amigo.
Yes.
I found my Samba stuff.
I know, I saw that, it made me happy.
Did you see that they had a Samba de Amigo listed as a PSP title on it?
Yeah, what are you going to do, shake your stupid PSP?
I'm going to make a game for the PSP.
Called Shake?
No, no, no, no, no, no, hear me out, and it's going to have a rumble, like, detector, and
it's going to be like a baby simulator.
I knew it was going to be a Shake the Baby game.
I knew when you started talking it was going to be a Shake the Baby game, that's so wrong.
I like it.
Alright, so we promised we'd do some Ask Orange Lounge, so I'm going to read some questions
here from our chatroom, and unfortunately we don't have the theme music unless Shane
wants to sing it.
Um, what's the theme music?
Do the same as the mailbag music, because we're cheap here on this program.
Um, no thank you.
Alright, let's Ask Orange Lounge, some stupid question.
Let's start off with this.
That's probably a stupid question indeed.
Well, it's from Raven's Dolphin, and the question just hearts, just teasing.
Raven's Dolphin says, Skye, how come you do not talk about your iBook, because I got a
MacBook and like it.
I'm playing with it, so he can't talk about it.
I like my iBook, I do, you know what, it's the only internet I have right now because
that's how I'm able to steal the neighbor's Wi-Fi.
The screensaver's really pretty.
Well you can choose from several different screensavers, I don't know if you're aware.
I think there's much more to the Mac than just the screensaver.
Without it.
Oh yeah, there's being able to play WoW on it, but very badly, because I can't fly down.
For me, who does a lot of work on the road, and who travels a lot, it's great.
I love the Mac for that stuff, and it's got a great DVD authoring program on it.
I will give it that.
Let's go to some more questions.
Of course, Ask Orange Lounge tonight in lieu of the Skype line, since we do not have the
Skype line tonight.
DJ Janai asks, how was moving last week?
It was long, and tedious, and I'm very glad to be done with it.
And the new house that I live in is so much better than the apartment I was in before,
with no disrespect to Extrofer, because living with Extrofer was fun, but just the place
itself is so much better now, or in a house.
There's actually a backyard and a lawn demo, it's something else.
I saw an animal run by in the backyard today, it was really scary, it was loud and thumpy.
Cool, what kind of animal was it?
Like either a cat or a raccoon or something.
Maybe a possum.
Yeah, possums.
We'll see.
DJ Tyrant wants to know, what do you think of any of the announcements at BlizzCon this
weekend?
Oh my goodness.
Let's talk about BlizzCon.
DJ Tyrant, listen to part A, buddy, listen to part A and let us know what you think.
Going to Alex Silvara, does anyone like the Dynasty Samurai Warriors series besides me?
Oh, I did hear there's a new incarnation coming out with that on Xbox 360.
Okay, I'm through.
They're going to be doing Dynasty Warriors Gundam, that's coming out in August.
Then they've got that Warriors Orochi, which is coming out in September, which is pretty
much Dynasty Warriors mixed with Samurai Warriors, and to be honest, I couldn't tell
the two apart.
Now there's Dynasty Warriors 6, which actually looks like they did something with the series
and made it look a little bit better on 360, so I don't know.
Gameplay-wise, they haven't changed anything, but graphically, it looks like they haven't
changed anything either, so I don't know.
Not much I could really be excited about.
Although there is Samurai Warrior Katana later this year, so.
Going over to a question from RossDLUT, here's actually a really good question and something
that wasn't brought up earlier in the show.
With the recent raids on mod chippers, the internet's pretty much gone nuts.
The question I have is, well, are people so selfish that they feel gamers shouldn't
have to support game companies?
Personally, I'd rather XSeed were able to make profits than have 500 pirates to every
one importer.
Interesting point.
I mean, because there's been, like, those raids going on, apparently, about all these
people that will mod chip your systems.
I'm very curious to hear what you think about this, Loki.
About modding and stuff like that?
And all the crackdowns and all that?
Well, I mean, what they're doing is violating the law, but, I mean, at the same time, there's
ways around things that you don't necessarily have to put a hardware mod chip into it, nor
to be able to play stuff from other countries.
I think, also, the problem is, like, with a lot of these things, you know, games are
expensive now, don't get me wrong, but, at the same time, you know, people are kind of
jaded with paying 60 bucks and getting crap.
They're getting hosed, and, like, they kind of justify it in a way, well, fuck this.
I wasted, you know, 60 bucks on Bomberman Act Zero, and I thought it was going to be
a really awesome game, and it's just crap, you know, and now I can't get my money back,
so fuck you, I'm going to steal your next game, you know.
There's that, and there's also, you know, with importing, I don't understand why more
systems are like the PlayStation 3 and the PSP, you know, let people import their games
if they want to.
Hell, it sells an extra copy for you, you still make some money off of it, and, you
know, I don't think it's really hurting anything, okay, it's going to be a Japanese version
of the game or something.
Big deal, you know.
I think in the big scope of things, too, there's so few people that actually import in the
big scope of gaming, it's not that big a deal, I don't think.
It's not.
I mean, hell, that's, how else did Elite Beat Agents get a release here, but from people
importing Ohndon?
Exactly.
And you know what, hey, look, my buying, um, GS68 just said the same damn thing in chat.
You know, my buying Wangan Midnight, that sold one extra copy for them, and you know
why I bought it?
Because there's not a lot of stuff coming out over here, so, what the hell?
Um, yeah, you know, but as far as just, like, pirating to get a bunch of games for free,
especially when you're downloading things like Halo 3, and Blue Dragon, you know, assumably
when these games come out, Blue Dragon, kind of like the stuff, you know, you know it's
not going to be like Borrow Man X-Zero, it's a little different.
Let me put it this way, okay, yeah, my PSP is modded, yes, I can play games without having
to buy them, but, would I have bought those games if it wasn't modded?
No, I wouldn't have.
I just play games that are from other countries just to check them out.
I normally don't end up, you know, buying them, I would have felt bad if I actually
bought them because they sucked.
So.
It's also not like you don't buy video games, I mean, you have a shitload of video games
everywhere in this house, so, you buy a lot of video games.
I spend a lot of money on video games, and you know what, if I can play something for
free instead of paying for it, yeah, I'll do it because it frees up more money for buying
something else.
Legend of Zaku has this for Ask Orange Lounge, bring back the camera, bringing back the webcam
would be hot.
It looks like it is going to happen in the new studio, but we're just not sure, I mean,
getting a webcam in there isn't a problem, now it's just about delivering it to the site,
so we will have more information on that later.
Yes, we've seen the suggestions about, I don't know what, Justin TV, Operator 11, whatever
site Travis Donovan's using, or Saturday, we're looking into what we want to use, and
we'll have more information on that later.
I even thought about doing something in here, if we had time, so I buried the Xbox Vision
camera because I haven't used it for anything.
Something soon, we will definitely have a cam in the new studio because the new studio
will be awesome, I hope.
Nintendo maniac 64 says, question for Loki, how does it feel to be surrounded by grown
gay men?
I don't, I don't get it.
I know, what's the big deal?
I don't know.
Ban him, he's homophobic, he's the one that broke Gay Gamer.
Speaking of which, you know, what do you think about that whole like GayGamer.net getting
targeted?
I felt really sad.
I met Flynn at Comic Con, and he's a really nice guy, so somebody doing that to his site
really kind of makes me...
Especially if it was all this hate crime and stuff, you know, that's so gay that somebody
would do that.
It really is.
It's a joke, people, bad joke, sorry.
I am gay, I can say that.
No, it's still bad.
NM64 says, how few frames per seconds do you predict your current PC would get while playing
Crysis?
I think mine would die.
As it is, shit, until I upgraded the video drivers, which I think they were current,
but for some reason it was having issues, because they installed like three different
sets of video drivers, they were all running concurrent.
You know, ever since I did that, my computer before that was just resetting randomly, it
was just boops!
Dop.
I used to have that problem.
And I was like, fucking A, I'm gonna have to buy another PC.
I did though, this weekend though, I bought a magazine, because I'm actually looking to
buy a new PC, or build one, and unfortunately my dream PC is like $11,000, so I need to
scale down quite a bit.
How do you make a, wow.
But they have a nice article, this PC game, or PC building bible, they have a build your
own game PC under $1400, and it looks nice, and it's all blue.
I want an all blue PC, somebody get me some paint, I'll paint my PC, and it'll be blue.
Or Rob will say it's purple, and try to trick me, but it's not going to be, it's going to
be blue.
Alright, one more AskBorne's Lounge question for you guys, and then we're gonna call it
a show.
Dark Tetsuya is asking, did you hear ID is releasing all their older stuff on Steam,
even as far back as the Commander Keen stuff?
What's a Commander Keen?
How old are you?
You're like a baby, you weren't around for Commander Keen, were you?
Commander Keen was kinda like, I don't know, like, ID's Mario game for the PC, I don't
know how else to explain it really.
It was like a side-scrolling game that was very it was fun though, a lot of folks that
had computers in the 90s remember.
It was the shit on shareware.
That's right.
It was awesome.
And all about jazz.
I actually did not, I heard, I know that name, but I don't know what it is.
I heard some of their other stuff was coming to Steam, but I didn't know the old stuff
was, they didn't, they didn't Freeware release that stuff a long time ago?
I don't know.
What was the other company that was with ID back then, Epic, right?
Epic Mega Games.
And didn't Epic do ZZT?
What's that?
Uh, yes.
ZZ Top?
No, no, no.
ZZT was like this totally awesome game.
It is.
Oh my gosh.
ZZT was rad.
So many, I was such a nerd that I spent so many hours making games.
You can make your own games, it was like a programming language for games, but it's hard
to explain.
It's all using ASCII characters, so your games would be very blocky and stuff, but as it
went on, they also released this new thing called Mega Zooks where you can create your
own games as well, but it was a little bit more intuitive.
They had, you know, Ooh, mod music, you could, you know, mod tracker stuff in there and just
all sorts of interesting things.
I want to say like years ago on this show, like we had an entire three hour conversation
about ZZT one night.
Like it's crazy.
It's what?
I have an excellent idea.
What, OLR the ZZT?
We need a contest, a game designing contest in ZZT sponsored by OLR.
That would be awesome.
All right.
We'll, we'll work out the details and come up with that for a future program.
That would be awesome.
Is there still ZZT programming communities?
Oh, we can find it.
There's gotta be somewhere.
Shadow Slayer says, I swear this guy is making these games up.
Put it on Wikipedia or something.
I'm not making this shit up.
ZZT is a real game.
Hitstun says, fuck the unreal engine ZZT forever.
Amen.
I'm glad your listeners are old.
Would you allow them to use super ZZT or any of the other ZZT months?
I didn't like super ZZT.
If anything, we'd either do it in the original ZZT or we would do Mega Zooks cause Mega Zooks
was pretty awesome.
You can do a lot of cool shit in that.
I want to have, I'm banging on the desk because I have a great idea.
You know, one thing I've said I wanted to do for orange lounge in our new season, we
get to the new studio is more interviews, we need to get people who made ZZT on the
program.
Just to talk about ZZT.
I want to talk about it.
Interview me.
I wear a top hat and a monocle and a mustache so I can pretend I'm old.
You can pretend you're Colonel Mustard.
What?
He didn't wear a top hat.
I'll get a cane too.
I'll be like, yes, that's ZZT.
Here it is.
Here it is in Wikipedia.
It's right there.
Oh, it had color?
Yes, it did have color.
They had color back when we were kids.
Imagine that.
It's crazy.
It was created in 1991 by Tim Sweeney of Epic Games.
Wasn't it you who I asked about color TVs?
Yes.
I asked if he watched, what it was like if you were asking me like what seeing color
TV was like for the first time and I was serious because I didn't know how old do you think
he is?
And he asked me how black and white TV was back in the day and I'm thinking like, well,
they used to show Dennis the Menace reruns on Nickelodeon in black and white, but that
was about it.
I didn't know.
It was a time though that I did have an old ass, it was a 286 system, it was like a 28620
or something like that with the whole 32 megs of hard drive space.
And anyways, so there was one game we had because we had just these really budget ass
games.
It was like a, what was it, a Muppets game or something like that and because it was
on a black and white monitor, you had to play it on like a CGA monitor or something like
that, which was four colors and they all sucked.
It was fucking hard to see it.
You couldn't see and wanted to push a button or something so it just went blank screen.
Finally one day we were like, I think I see something on there.
And so we hit the button and then we found out, oh look, the game sucks.
Loki look at this, it's a screenshot from the town of ZZT featuring the bank of ZZT.
The bank of ZZT and the whole program, that first, because you can play through, there's
like this huge game and stuff that you can play through on there.
And then the actual, the game that it came with was locked so you couldn't edit it.
But there was a program that you can hack the thing and actually unlock it.
And man, the bank little program thing was kind of complicated.
It was pretty cool looking.
But shit, I remember my friends, we used to be like real into like Robotech and shit and
he would make like Robotech ZZT levels and all sorts of weird stuff.
Oh my god, remember Code Red, which was one of the add-on packs for ZZT?
No, no, like this huge series somebody made for ZZT.
There was a lot of really big series, I mean god, back in the day I used to be so into
that stuff.
Alright, we need to stop being so old.
So we're going to talk about this.
What, you got something else real quick?
No, I said we're going to just keep talking about this if we don't.
I do have some last minute stories, they're interesting, well I don't know if they're
interesting but we've got a picture of Big Brain Academy, the board game.
I love Big Brain Academy on the DS, that could be cool.
And it looks like it comes with your own, I don't know, crack scale?
Because there's like a weird scale on there.
I guess that's what that is, some sort of drug scale.
Train your brain to smoke more crack.
So that's kind of interesting.
The Wii remote's getting yet another strap.
Yay!
Hahaha.
Hurray for straps!
Give it up for straps everybody!
Alright, those Wii remotes are strapped yo.
Woo hoo.
That's all I got.
That's it.
Alright, thank you.
No but don't they have like little clasps on them, little new straps?
Yeah, there's straps with clasps on now.
Alright.
Wooo.
Jaden has a tip for you Shane if you want to experience what black and white
TV was like turn the color setting all the way down on your color TV and you'll
have a black and white TV. Why would I do that? I don't even know how to do that on my TV.
Because you wanted to know what watching black and white TV was like so there you
go. Well I was asking to hear about it. Or watch the purple network. I'll flip you off.
I thought you didn't swear. It's not. It's my fingers. I remember having an old-ass TV and
trying to I was like ooh I get 13 channels that sucks let's see if I can
tune anything on and UHF oh no I get one Spanish channel that's about it. I have a
last-minute story hurry for those people that play Wow
apparently engineering is getting a nice little bonus finally since engineering
normally sucks make your own flying mounts probably for siege stuff for the
new expansion but still that's pretty cool nerd whatever I hate you all right
we're gonna wrap it up let me talk about something old and boring he's gonna
well let's go around and get everybody's final thought final thoughts for tonight
Shane thank you for being here and contributing your unique perspective to
our program you're welcome and your final thought please I want to play the
new expansion because it's blue and not purple so shut up my final thought is I
want to go see a movie because yeah I do I want to see hairspray this and I want
to see a movie because I'm sick of moving and unpacking boxes so movie I'll
think about it all right thank you I will look at your final thought my final
thought is yet another last-minute story and it was Nestor J the NES emulator
just got released on the PSP version 1.11 RM which means rewind and mirror
mods so apparently this game has now become like Prince of Persia the sands
of time where you can play like Super Mario Brothers and oh no I fucked up
rewind that's pretty cool wait Nestor like a remix like Howard and
Nestor yes and also like the NES emulator on the PSP or every other
platform out there all right did you not get that reference cuz I got roles and
now I subscribe to Nintendo Power when I was little I saw the first issue in a
box somewhere it's all torn I probably don't anymore I remember the
Castlevania issue and the issue six or the last issue of the Nintendo fan club
I don't know I don't know that's that's before my time I know that something
else alright that's it guys we're going to go now and call it a show so have a
great night until next week go away see you next time thank you so much for
supporting independent radio if you like the show tell two friends about our show
because that's how we get the word out because of course you know we don't well
we're poor so we can't exactly buy advertisements and magazines so we rely
on your word of mouth if you enjoyed what you heard or if you didn't enjoy
what you hear tell people how much we suck cuz we'll still get listeners that
way and I'll make ourselves feel good so that's it and that's really really it
there's no outro tonight we lost all our music in the temporary studio remember
so Orange Lounge blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah we're just gonna end it right here good night
