Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, August the 26th of 2007, where
we're taping Orange Lounge Radio live and this is the second half of our show, part
B.
We'll be right back into some gaming news from the one and only, Loki.
Yes.
Well, Metroid Prime 3 is coming out this week and one interesting thing on it is that they're
going to have kind of like a in-game sort of like achievements.
They're going to have like a token feature that you unlock different things as you're
playing the game.
And I don't know, I've seen this done in games before.
It's not a huge deal, I mean it's not like achievements are coming to the Wii or anything
like that.
In fact, they did something similar with Resistance where it had its kind of own achievement system
and I think there was even something like that sort of on Excite Truck a little bit
as well.
So, I don't know, it's kind of neat.
Apparently the tokens that you can earn in the game are in four different tiers, red,
blue, green, and gold.
Red tokens are gained by scanning enemies and items, blue for scanning lore and completing
side quests.
Green ones you get from friends.
And gold is achieved from defeating bosses on various difficulties.
What is different from this and like the trophies that you earn in Burnout?
I think nothing.
Nothing?
Absolutely nothing.
So what is so noteworthy about this?
I think people...
Is it the fact that it's the first time in a Metroid game?
I guess.
People are thinking, oh my god, achievements are coming.
No.
No.
Alright, well one other thing that people would like to see coming to the Wii any day
now is online play and also demos for the Wii and there's actually a new survey that's
gone out from Nintendo that seems to indicate a little bit that there could be some actual
Wii demos coming out in the near future.
Nintendo actually submitted out this survey and on it are some different types of questions
on it and they seem to point towards the...
All signs, you could say, point to the fact that they're at least exploring the possibility
of doing downloadable demos.
Of course to date all we've really seen come from them would be the Metroid Prime 3 preview
channel.
Some of the things here, please indicate your level of interest in playable demo versions
of Wii games.
What is your preferred method of receiving Wii game demos?
Would you be willing to pay more for your subscription in order to receive Wii game
demos?
Kind of interesting there.
It would be kind of cool if Nintendo Power did have Wii game demos.
But what the other big three consoles do for their magazines.
But I would like to see the Wii actually able to download things other than virtual console
titles and a few crappy titles.
They're supposed to have original software, at least we know about that Mission Impossible
thing, right?
Well yeah, they're supposed to go online someday too.
Come on, the console's been out for almost a year now.
Time to start following through with that shit you've been promising us for a while
now.
Alright.
Or we're going to have to start calling you Sony.
Ooh, burn.
Wow.
Well, how about some happy Nintendo news?
How does that sound?
Sounds good to me.
Well, guess what is back for Super Mario Galaxy?
We have fire flowers!
And superstars!
I love the fire flowers so much because they're like burning things.
We're just happy that Mario can set fire to things again.
Well, you know, the fire flower was such a great weapon and then we just didn't get it.
We had him squirt shit with water.
Boo.
What is so wrong with Mario Sunshine?
It wasn't that bad of a game.
Jesus.
I loved Mario Sunshine.
What?
It is not the worst game ever.
But I could not play that game and drink anything.
It's the worst Mario game by far, it is so freaking terrible.
We need, we need another game that's just like Mario 64.
Did you play like Mario is Missing?
Mario is Missing is a great game, I have all those MP3s.
I liked it on Nintendo because they totally recreated the Super Nintendo graphics on the
Nintendo.
Going to chat room for some comments at chat.orangelandrater.com.
RossdielUT says, Loki, stop wishing and relying on Nintendo's word.
Shadow Charlie says, Tanooki suit.
That would be a great thing to come back with.
No, no, no.
Hammer Brother suit.
That would be pretty rad.
Or the Kuriboh's boot.
Yes, Kuriboh's shoe.
That's awesome.
Yeah, that was it.
But in other news, we do have a release date for the UK on this.
It will be November 16th.
Oh right.
Not soon enough, right?
Not soon enough.
Alrighty.
Anyways.
I do want to know who this new hoochie in the game is though, sorry.
Anyways, interesting news, and we knew this was kind of coming, but finally the Wii has
passed the Xbox 360 in worldwide sales.
Now the last screenshot that we've seen of this was of course a few days ago with the
Wii having approximately 10.57 million units worldwide and the Xbox 360 having 10.51 million
units.
Of course the PS3 still trailing behind with 4.32 million units.
It should be known though that still the 360 is outselling the Wii in the US, but apparently
Japan is where they're making up for a lot of slack.
So what does this mean for Nintendo fanboys?
Is this something additional for them to brag about or is this really not the big deal it
seems like?
I guess it's fuel for flame fodder I guess because the Wii has basically caught up to
the 360 in half the time.
So I don't know, I mean that's really good and I think if they could produce more units
it would be even higher, but hopefully that means more support.
Better games!
Alright well some other bad news for the Xbox 360.
Mass Effect is a title that a lot of people have been looking forward to and Mass Effect
has been delayed to December 7th of this year.
Now it wasn't a huge push from where it was originally scheduled, but you know people
are chomping at the bit to get their hands on this game and so any delay I'm sure is
bad news for its fans.
Plus that means it's not going to be on shelves for the day after Thanksgiving madness so
that's kind of too bad, but I'm sure those people that have been very good boys and girls
this year that put this on their Christmas list, I'm sure Santa will find a way, right?
Sure.
Of course then again if you believe in Santa you probably should not be playing Mass Effect.
Come to think of it.
Why does Santa die in it?
I don't know, possibly.
Well for anyone who is at Penny Arcade Expo they did confirm that Penny Arcade Adventures
on the Rainslick Precipice of Darkness is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade in 2008.
It was also announced for PC, Mac OS X, and Linux.
So hey, game!
Cool.
That's kind of interesting.
Is that the console you guys would have guessed that this was going to be released on?
Yep.
I sort of thought so too.
Just because you know there's the, for a long time now there's been the little picture icons
and themes and all that stuff that you can download on Xbox Live so why not this?
Why not now their game on Xbox Live?
Why not?
If there's more money to be done, why not?
Well Penny Arcade Adventures isn't the only thing coming to Xbox Live soon.
There is a rumor of course with the fall update due out in November that it's possibly going
to include Xvid support.
Now some other plans from this leaked list, supposedly a new Xbox Live Arcade Blade, IPTV
support, integrated clan functionality, a picture in picture setting, and improved slideshow
effects.
That would be pretty awesome if it had Xvid codec support.
What exactly is Xvid?
It's kind of like Divx.
It's a video codec for encoding MPEG4 video so that you can rip a DVD and have it be a
decent file size.
It's pretty popular.
But you would still have to stream it.
Yeah.
Well I'm saying you still have to have it in WMV format, right?
I don't know about that.
I would imagine you would, but who knows?
Interesting.
Well, something that is definitive, I mean that's a rumor, but something definitive,
although it's been rumored about for quite some time, is that Microsoft is taking a pass
on going to E for All.
I know a lot of people were very hopeful that Microsoft was going to be attending the show.
I mean why not?
Nintendo's going to the show, but apparently Microsoft has just decided there's better
things to do.
They're not going to the show.
By the way, Sony is also not going to E for All.
There's also some other companies that have said they're not going, including Capcom and
so on.
Some of the companies that are going, though, would be Nintendo and Konami.
So it's not like it's going to be an empty show, but it is going to be a little bit of
a bummer that you don't have two of the big three showing up at E for All.
I don't know about you guys, but the fact that I'm actually kind of planning on going
to E for All because I got an invite and everything and I was planning the trip to go to L.A.,
I'm a little bit irritated that some of these companies are dropping out of E for All.
That news makes me a little bit angsty.
And when we get angsty, people die.
Oh, and the FUs of the week come out.
Oh, Dark Sakura, why don't you start us off with tonight's FUs?
Um, FU to my broken head, really, it still hurts.
You know, it happened, what, four hours ago?
But it's not four, why does it say four?
Three hours, two hours, whatever ago, and it still hurts.
And a secondary FU goes toward the art block, because I've been trying to draw and it's
just not working.
So instead of writer's block, it's art block?
It's art block.
Oh, I've been having a bit of writer's block, too, just in different capacities.
So FU to blocks of all shapes and sizes?
To the block of creativity, there we go.
All right, Loki, your FUs of the week.
My FUs of the week go to my cat for constantly waking me up in the middle of the night.
It's almost like having a goddamn baby, so.
Fuck you to the cat.
Just imagine when you really have a baby, imagine babies in your house.
Yeah, that's very funny.
I don't really have a lot to say FU to this week, I've actually had a pretty good week,
so FU to people who don't like caramel, because caramel ice cream is awesome.
But then again, maybe I shouldn't say FU to that, because that just means more for me,
right?
I don't know.
Miggletob, do you have any FUs of the week, while you're staring off into space over there?
FU to you for thinking about getting popsicles, because they are the worst.
Popsicles are awesome.
Here's the thing though, Miggletob, it wasn't that I was going to buy popsicles, I was going
to buy creamsicles, and those are awesome.
All right, let's end this segment now, shall we?
Are either of you guys, is anybody else in here thinking of going to E for All?
I was.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to go though.
It doesn't excite me as much anymore.
I would like to go.
I'd rather go to PAX, but that's kind of late for that.
It's a little bit over now.
What's in it for you to see at E for All?
I like Nintendo and Konami, and that's really all I remember that are actually going.
But not having E3 to go to this year, and going to Comic Con made me realize that I
kind of miss stuff like that, so going to E for All would be pretty cool.
Let's get back to some gaming news, now that the FUs of the week are over.
Well, you know, it was bound to happen.
For our buddies overseas, the Xbox 360 is getting a price drop in Europe, occurring
on the 24th of August.
It will be decreasing by 20 pounds on the core unit, and 30 on the 20 gigabyte 360,
it'll bring the price down respectively to $249.99, and I'm sorry, that's on the 20 gig,
and $179.99 on the core.
That's again in British pounds.
Also, the Elite will retail for $299.99.
All right, well, I just got to say real quickly for the live folks, it looks like our stream
is down, and I'm blaming Operator 11 for that, so at this time I'm going to shut this off
until we can work on this some other time, because it's probably taking a lot of bandwidth,
so we're going to have to get rid of this to get our stream back, so that's the end
of the Op 11 simulcast for now, until we can work on that a little later.
Sorry, guys.
All right, but in the meantime, we will go back to...
There was more news on that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
The Shizzle Games of Belgium was advertising by price from Elite down to Core, and Euros
as $449.99, $349.99, and $279.99 on their SKUs, and that's it.
Actually, no, my apologies.
Their Core was being called the Arcade, and then they have the Pro.
Very bizarre, but anyway.
That is kind of bizarre.
It's even more bizarre that they're called Shizzle Games.
Shizzle Games.
Well, the rumor, of course, of that new arcade SKU for the Core system is actually supposed
to be coming to the US as well, and same details, no definite launch date or anything like that,
but it is allegedly supposed to come out over here as well.
That's a good idea.
Hey, the Core system's not bad, but I know a lot of people complain that they can't save
their game, so now that that's going to be coming with a memory unit, that might be something
to actually look into if you're not into the whole live downloading thing.
Well, speaking of systems coming out in new shapes and sizes and all different types of
colors, the PSP Slim is going to be coming out in a variety of different colors over
there in Europe.
On September 5th, Simpsons Yellow and Spider-Man Black and Red will be some new designs that
are coming out for the PSP Slim over there in Europe, where, of course, when you talk
about colors, that's C-O-L-O-U-R-S, ha ha ha.
Just kidding.
By the way...
I bet you can't spell maneuver.
As a reminder, over here stateside, you get some Star Wars themed colors, but you don't
get the Simpsons or Spider-Man ones.
So there you have it.
Alright, well, moving on, Dark Soccer likes to surf the internet up and down and all around
every single week, and she likes to find a website that works for all of you, and it's
her website of the week that she's going to share with you guys right now.
Website of the week is actually suggested to me by Loki, and it's actually pretty cool.
It's Cult of Rapture.
If you go to 2KGames.com slash Cult of Rapture, all one word, it will take you to a Bioshock
page for the fans, I guess.
Talking about the music that's out, has downloads, articles, a forum, goodies for everybody.
It's pretty cool.
It's very pretty.
Yeah, it's actually very, very pretty.
But I do believe that you have to be over 18 to the page, so go see it, I'll be posting
the address into the chat room presently.
Very cool.
Alrighty.
Awesome.
Something else that's pretty awesome, fans of Geometry Wars will be quite happy, because
with Project Gotham Racing 4, they'll be getting a brand new Geometry Wars game.
And no info, though, on, it's supposed to be not too different than Retro Evolved, but
it is going to be a little bit different, it's called Geometry War Waves.
No real details, though, on what exactly is different, but apparently not that much.
Well, I don't know what's going to change in the great amount of time it's going to
take for this game to come out, because Spore is apparently finished.
The game is not totally finished and ready to go, but apparently the game is complete.
This is coming from reports of people who have had a hands-on with Spore at Leipzig.
EA is simply going to be spending the next few months listening to feedback from players,
assuming the QA testers and beta testers, to tweak and polish Spore for its final release,
which is still set for next spring.
So certainly you can look around the internet on some different blogs there and find some
hands-on reports from Spore, which is definitely a game I am certainly looking forward to.
So GS68 in our chat room says, Spore forever?
I don't think so.
I don't think you can make those jokes anymore, because it does look like this game is actually
going to come out.
Hooray!
So, we'll see.
All right.
Anyway, it's time for an old favorite segment of ours here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's a segment we like to call Listless.
All right.
The way Listless works is that we create a list here.
We're trying to define the definitive top three of a certain category, and tonight's
category is character we would most like to see in the upcoming track and field DS game.
Now, the character does not have to be a Konami character, but it helps.
Okay?
So, here's the deal.
Here's how it works.
We're going to go around, and myself, Loki, DarkSakura, and Miklotov will all give their
top three.
So that's going to leave us with a list of 12.
Then we will all go around the room and take one unworthy candidate off the list, leaving
a list of eight.
And we will post that list of eight to the chat room, and you'll vote for your number
one and your number two picks.
We'll tally them up, and the winning votes will be revealed a little later in the show.
That's how Listless works.
So who's going to start us off tonight?
Loki, you ready to go?
Sure.
All right.
What's your number three pick for character you would most like to see in track and field?
I guess it'd be a little weird, but I would like to see... Actually, this is kind of
a baby lawn from DDR 5th Mix.
Ah, baby lawn from DDR 5th Mix.
Why?
Just so you can run us a baby or what?
Because it's a baby running.
It's funny.
I don't know.
All right.
Baby lawn, says Loki.
Miklotov, do you have a number three pick?
I'll take Robbie the rabbit from Silent Hill, because what's cuter than a bunny with blood
on its mouth running around throwing stuff like javelins and things?
We're already picking just Konami.
Dude, you don't have to pick Konami.
I said it doesn't have to be Konami, but it helps, because the real game... Yeah, it
could be Nintendo, because it's DS51.
Let's leave it to Konami and Nintendo.
Oh, God.
I have to rethink my list.
All right.
I'll come up with some ideas.
Dark Soccer, your number three pick.
Aitsu or Koitsu from Parodius.
They're the little stickmen riding paper airplanes.
How the crap do you spell that?
A-I-T-S-U and then K-O-I-T-S-U.
From Parodius.
Yes.
All right.
My number three pick would also come from DDR, and that would be Alice, the little raving
character, because I think it would be funny for her to do a bunch of ecstasy and then
compete in Olympic events.
Her heart might explode right there on the track.
So I pick Alice, the raver girl from DDR Fifth Mix, plus a lot of the boys think Alice is
hot, so I'm sure you'll enjoy that, and some of the girls.
Loki, your number two pick.
This is also kind of tying in with Konami stuff, but I'm not sure what you would really
call it.
The dog from Silent Hill 2, from the dog ending, the Shiba Inu.
That's fantastic.
I love the dog.
So the dog from the dog ending of Silent Hill 2.
Good pick.
Mikol Tov, your number two pick.
I'm going to say Evil Rose, from Rumble Roses, because what little boy doesn't want to watch
the girls with the big breasts run around on the track, except for sane ones.
All right.
So one of the big titty girls from Rumble Roses will hopefully appear on track and field.
She can't run.
All right.
Dark Sakura, your number two pick.
My number two pick is going to be Pit.
Pit, from now a Nintendo character.
Okay, fair enough.
If he says we're Nintendo, I said Pit.
All right.
Pit from Kid Icarus.
Why not?
That would be fun.
Except he can fly.
Couldn't that be cheating?
So can Aizu and Koizu.
All right.
Moving on.
Number two pick for me.
My number two pick I would like to see in the game would be Dracula, from the Castlevania
games.
You know, why not?
And then somebody can come out and say...
Not by my hand.
I was once again given a gold medal.
Die, monster.
You don't belong in this world.
Except that was the other guy that said that.
But I still think it would be cool if Dracula was in the game.
So Dracula is my number two pick.
Number one pick, Sloki.
Oh, man.
Oh, let's see.
Number one pick, I will say, well, that doesn't really count because that's Hudson.
Well, no, that could work because Konami has license over Hudson games now, right?
Yeah.
You can do Hudson.
I don't know if this would be my number one pick, but Bomberman.
Okay, because maybe Bomberman could just leave bombs on the track, yes?
Sure.
That'll work.
Yeah, sure.
Right.
Whatever you say, Rob.
All right.
Miklotov, what would be your number one pick?
The left DDR arrow, because I think that would be pretty awesome.
So you just want to be the DDR arrow in the game.
Oops.
I totally didn't spell arrow right there.
Let's try that again.
There we go.
Much better.
So just the floating arrow would be a character with legs.
Maybe not with legs, but a sweatband.
You are weird.
All right.
Dark Sakura, your number one pick.
My number one pick is the mascot from Guitar Freak.
You need to lift the bag over his head.
I don't remember his name.
I just put Guitar Freak bag over head guy.
Okay.
Why is that?
What?
Oh, I had an excellent idea for one, but...
It's too late now.
Yeah, it's too late.
All right.
We'll see.
Okay.
My number one pick.
My number one pick did not get a lot of coverage in a lot of the various Konami games that
existed out there.
In fact, my number one pick was really obscure, because he was only in one game that Konami
ever put out, and it was on the PC.
But I'll tell you what.
If you've been listening to this show for some amount of time, then you know the love
that the people of this program have for Mr. Spanky from DDR PC.
And that is my number one pick, would be Mr. Spanky, the guy that's dressed up like a dominatrix
character from DDR PC.
Because then the game would be rated M, and no one would get to play it.
So that actually doesn't turn out to be such a good idea.
But hey, this is supposed to be a fantasy.
My runner up would be the Konami code.
Just have the...
Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start.
Have the Konami code in it.
No, no, no.
Oh, I should have said the little ship from Parodius, because then you can have the sound
blaster, or Twinbee.
You know what also amazes me about this list?
Is that not a single damn Metal Gear character on the whole list.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
That about Tastra.
Change Baghead Guy to Twinbee.
Twinbee?
Twinbee.
All right.
I'm going to try it better.
All right.
All right.
Well, she changed it then.
Twinbee.
Let's see.
SSJ100 Matt voted for the goalie from Blade of Steel.
That's pretty awesome.
All right.
Here's the list of stands right now.
But remember, we're going around and eliminating off the list here.
Baby Lawn, Robby the Rabbit, Aitsu Koitsu, Alice, the dog from the dog inning of Silent
Hill 2, Evil Rose, Pit, Dracula, Bomberman, the left DDR arrow, Twinbee, and Mr. Spanky.
Why left and not right?
Just out of curiosity.
Because it's just the first one I thought of.
All right.
Loki, one of these is not worthy of being on the list.
What is not worthy of being on the list?
I'm just going to say Aitsu Koitsu because I have no idea what the hell that is.
Very obscure.
Yeah, that was a little too obscure for my taste.
They're awesome.
All right.
Miklotov, one of these is not worthy of being on the list.
What is not worthy of being on the list?
Just because it really looks out of place on that list, I'm going to throw out Pit even
though I love Kid Icarus a whole lot and yeah, I'm sorry.
All right.
Dark Sakura, what is not worthy of the list?
I'm going to vote for Alice.
Alice is not worthy of being on the list and raver kids everywhere are crying.
What does that mean, Miklotov?
Have you seen Alice from Supernova 2 yet?
She's all dressed up like an idiot and weirdo.
All right.
Well, whatever.
Let's see.
The one I deem worthy of not being on the list is... Oh, this is hard.
I'm also going to take out a DDR character and say Baby Lawn is not worthy of being on
the list.
So there you go.
That leaves our list as... There's a little nudity in that card.
All right, that leaves our list as Robbie the Rabbit, the dog from the dog-ending of
Silent Hill 2, Evil Rose, Dracula, Bomberman, the left DDR arrow, Twinbee, and Mr. Spanky.
All right.
So I'm going to post that there in the chat room and if you would, send a private message
to Rob Roberts, not Sky tonight because I don't have my normal name.
Send a private message with your number one and number two pick.
It is important what you designate as one and two.
If you do not designate, I will assume your first pick is your number one.
So there you have it.
Did you find anything else that you thought should have been on the list, Loki, because
I saw you searching Wikipedia frantically?
I was trying to think whatever... I don't remember what the boss was called in Contra,
like the giant heart.
I was thinking the giant alien head thing would have been pretty awesome.
What about the vomiting baby turtle thing or whatever that was from like...
Aw, we should have more time to prepare, a vomiting baby turtle would have been awesome.
An unsold copy of, what was it, Bomberman Act Zero.
I was actually thinking, because you know, I was thinking really obscure.
You know, if we were going Sega, I'd totally say the Oppa Oppa.
But we didn't go Sega.
No, we didn't.
We sure didn't.
Because the Oppa Oppa would kill everybody.
Right.
Because the Oppa Oppa's awesome.
We will announce the winners a wee bit later, but for now we've got to get back into some
news and then the Skype line, your calls at Orange Lounge Radio username on Skype or our
800 number 1877 game OLR.
We'll get to those very shortly, but first a little more news.
Loki.
Yes, and apparently people were not too happy with BioShock's way they've handled widescreen,
and apparently there are some fixes though if you want to correct that.
There is a hack that you can download for the PC version and it will allow you to, not
necessarily resize your screen, but resize the view on there.
And you can do all sorts of fun things, including different resolution sizes like 16.9, true
16.9.
Because apparently the way this game worked before is they would just kind of do like
a reverse pan and scan on it.
They would cut the top and bottom off on the widescreen.
But apparently there's also, I guess there's going to be a fix coming for Xbox 360 over
live at some point as well, at least that's a rumor.
So if that's really bothering you, you can go ahead and download the patch, which is
available it looks like on dl.tocaedit.com slash BioShockDFOV.zip.
Loki out of curiosity, what do you think about that whole fallout about how people were really
pissed about all the issues the PC was having, not just the widescreen stuff, but the fact
that you could only install so many copies on one machine and kind of like how quick
they've been to respond to that.
The whole widescreen thing was stupid, I think, because I mean personally I don't think anyone
noticed it during the demo until someone mentioned, oh hey, by the way, this is like that.
They're all, oh my God, that's horrible.
I mean it doesn't just detract anything from the game, so big deal.
I mean you can fix it on the PC now, so I don't know, it's not a big deal.
The cop protection thing kind of sucks.
I know a lot of people are like installing on multiple computers, which I guess technically
violates some sort of rights or something, I don't know, but there's a fix coming for
that as well, so I don't think that's a big worry, but yeah, little bitty things.
All right, SSJ100Matt says, though Pan and Scan ruins movies.
It does.
It absolutely does.
I agree, actually.
All right, let's open up our Skype line and hear from you guys.
If you want to give us a call, the Skype line is now open.
Our username is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype, or you can always give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR
is the number to call, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
And while we're waiting for those to come in, I'll just say that this is your last chance
to submit your votes for listless.
I think most people in our chat room already voted, but just in case, there's a couple
stragglers, we'll take those.
Let's go to the phones.
Hello, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
This is Ravenstaufen.
Well, hello.
The guy, that guy.
Damn, you get through first every time.
How is that?
All right, well, what's on your mind, Ravenstaufen?
I have a fast finger and a new keyboard.
I'll leave the fast finger comment as is.
Well, what's on your mind?
Lame mean finger.
My comment tonight is you mentioned that Nintendo surpassed the 360?
In terms of worldwide sales, yes.
Well, you know, I know this is going to turn into a flame world real fast and real quick,
so I'll try to keep the flames to a minimum.
But you know, I believe that people that buy in the Wii is not us hardcore gamers.
Like we bought it, I bought it, you bought it, Loki bought it, Dark Soccer bought it,
but those soccer moms of the world.
No, I totally agree with you, but the sale is a sale, right?
Sales is a sale.
Money is money, right?
The bottom line is a dollar.
However, I will say this, what I would be curious to see is how many games per system
is out there.
You know what I mean?
Like a 360 owner probably has a lot of games at this point, whereas a Wii owner maybe doesn't
have so many games.
But I don't know, that may not be true because then again, you look at the games that are
out on the Wii, there's not a lot for hardcore gamers.
I mean, there's some.
You know, you're Super Paper Mario, you're Metroid, but there is a lot of crap out there
on the Wii.
Like Boogie?
Your Happy Feets, well, I haven't played Boogie, but I don't know.
But that commercial really wants me, I'm memorized about that commercial of Boogie.
It almost wants me to buy it, but my mind goes like, don't buy it, it's junk.
Don't buy it, don't fall for it.
I've never seen the commercial, but I don't watch TV.
What's it like?
It's they're doing a disco one, and they're like doing the Wii mode.
It has nothing to do with the game, no gameplay footage whatsoever.
But the commercials, I think it was great.
You know, I'm like, wow, that looks like fun, and then I smack myself going like, shit,
it's not fun.
But they do show you how to actually play the game in the commercial, because they do
have the Wii mode and the nunchuck moving back and forth, and what I assume is how you're
supposed to play that piece of crap game.
And then I smack myself, and then I set free.
Yeah, renting might be a thing to do.
Ross Steel UT says, problem is that most people are just buying it as a Wii sports machine,
and will never buy anything for it.
Well, what about Wii Play, though, because Wii Play's been selling a lot.
And how come the PlayStation 2's still selling?
Gold Banjo, I think same reason, actually.
Gold Banjo says, my little sister sings along during that commercial.
I think the PlayStation 2 continues to sell, because they're A, cheap, and B, there's a
shitload of games for it.
I mean, just massive and massive amounts of games for it.
So.
All right.
One more thing.
Of course, one more thing, sir.
You know, the new release of Bioshock came out, and I was just wondering, do you think
this game's going to be buried like Dead Rising when it came out in the first?
Dead Rising's one of those games that everyone loved, played, you know, Loki loved it, I
loved it.
Is Bioshock going to fall under that, like, we love it, and we leave it for, like, another
game?
I'm going to take a very controversial stance here, and I'm going to say yes.
It will fall off the radar because of lack of multiplayer, because I think people are
going to go, like, just kill through the game in the single player mode, and then, you know,
while there will be a few that will replay it, and the faithful that will show it to
their friends and replay it, I think when Halo 3 comes out, a lot of people are going
to go over there, and Halo 3 is going to have the lasting multiplayer.
So I, you know, and I realized, you know, I could be wrong, but I think the lack of
multiplayer, also very similar to Dead Rising, I think the lack of multiplayer is really
going to hurt the game.
But at the same time, I think Bioshock will trump Halo 3 on some end-of-year best lists.
So I think you may see a small resurgence come the end of the year during award times.
Yeah, I'm just saying that because, you know, this game has, you know, everyone loved it.
You know, it's like, you know, what's that game I'm trying to think of?
Floss Planet.
You know, everyone played it at, like, for two weeks, and then the next game came out
with Graw, and then everyone went, oh, what's this, and then dropped it like a lead balloon.
Well, that's a lot of the Xbox Live Arcade releases, too.
I mean, how many people on your friends list do you see playing Street Fighter II anymore?
How many people are still playing Castlevania Symphony of the Night?
Doom.
Doom.
My hand is raised because we were playing it recently.
Well, okay, so one person on the entire internet is playing it.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm not a supporting person on the internet.
But if I look at my friends list, I do not see people playing a lot of the old arcade
releases except for a few big, big biggies, like Geometry Wars.
Pac-Man Championship Edition still comes up.
So a couple of those.
That is it.
Thank you for taking my call.
You're welcome.
One more comment here really quickly.
DJ Kibbles and Bits in chat says, the thing is, a lot of people stopped playing Dead Rising
because of that damn save system.
Yeah, that was definitely one of my, why I stopped playing.
After a while, it just got too annoying to keep replaying it over and over again.
Yeah, they screwed up that save system.
You had to go pee or take a poop or sleep.
That was dumb.
Rasteel UT says lots of people play games and don't go on live.
That's true, but I'm using the rationalization that you have to go on live to get the game
in the first place, unless it was on that arcade unplugged disc, but I truly think that's
in the minority.
One more comment.
Yes.
You would think that a mall that's so big would have more bathrooms.
No.
All right.
Ravenstaufen, we've got to let you go, but have a good one, buddy, okay?
You too, bye.
All right.
Again, if you want to give us a call, our number 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on
Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and there's lots of calls coming in, but unfortunately Skype
is only allowing me to take one call at a time.
Oh my gosh, this is a mess.
All right, I'm going to have to... Hold on guys, we're going to change the options here
in Skype so that only fricking one call can come through at a time.
This is annoying.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories while I change this real quick here?
Yes I do.
Thank you.
Give us one real quick.
Okay, real quick, there's some interesting things coming out about the brand new Brain
Age 2 DS, the one that, you know, red and black, whatever.
Apparently the LCD screen's a little bit dimmer than the normal DS Lite.
Uh oh, that sucks for people that bought it.
Let's see, enter interesting things.
There was a PSP petition for Resident Evil coming onto the PSP, it got the attention
of Capcom, who says if you get over 10,000 signatures that will draw significant attention,
and now they're up to 17,000 signatures, so maybe we'll see a PSP version of Resident
Evil.
Hold on, I fixed Skype, so save the rest for a little later, all righty?
Okay.
Can you do that?
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
GS68.
What's on your mind, GS68?
Well, I noticed that all of the games on the Virtual Console are, well, console games.
I haven't heard anything about Game Boy games being on the Virtual Console or Game Boy Color
games.
That's an interesting thought.
We don't hear, I mean we always hear about all these systems coming to the Virtual Console
and now we even talk about CDs, but yet we never have the Game Boy and Game Boy Advance
even or Game Boy Color ever talked about.
Why is that, you guys?
Do you think there's a reason why Nintendo doesn't put these games out on Wii Virtual
Console?
Because you really don't need to play a black and white version of Mario Brothers.
On the big screen TV?
Yeah, it just wouldn't look good.
I would actually like to see them port crappy Metroid 2 from Game Boy onto the Virtual Console
because that game was a pain to play on the original Game Boy.
I think actually playing it on TV would make it a worthwhile experience.
Or how about they do a Metroid All-Stars where they just redesign the game and upgrade the
graphics?
Yeah, that would be good too.
Oh, and Kid Icarus on Game Boy, even though I'm not sure if it's a good game at all, but
I would still like to play that too.
There's a lot of games back then that I missed out on because I was too little and now I
want to play them, but they're impossible to find unless I emulate them.
GS68, what are your thoughts on that?
Well, I don't really know a lot of good Game Boy games.
Like there are the games that I grew up with and that's about it.
Holy crap, I can hear myself.
What got you thinking about this?
I don't know, just randomly I guess.
That's all good.
You know what would actually be really cool though would be, even though the DS doesn't
play the old Game Boy games, it would be kind of cool if there was that functionality between
the DS and the Wii a little later on, which we all know there is some functionality there,
where maybe you could download a virtual console game from the Game Boy and play it on your
DS.
Wouldn't that be kind of neat?
But I haven't heard any news about the DS Wii connectivity yet.
The only thing I've really heard is Pokemon Battle Revolution, which isn't a whole lot.
Oh yeah.
That's really it.
Well, GSXC, that was a good thought.
Anything else you want to comment on tonight?
If Mr. Spanky wins the list list, I'll make videos of myself killing patients in trauma
center.
Alright, so if Mr. Spanky wins list list, you're going to kill patients in trauma centers
and put it on the YouTubes.
Well, we're going to find out very soon what won.
Just out of curiosity, can you describe your hatred of Mr. Spanky to the listeners who
may not be familiar with the character?
Well, I heard him on, well, I heard his voice on many episodes ago, and, well, I didn't
really like it.
I'm sorry to hear that, although you know that wasn't the official voice, right?
That was just some idiot pretending, right?
Yeah.
I am noticing there is no article on Mr. Spanky on Wikipedia.
I was hoping for some pictures or something, like an article I could refer people to, but
there's nothing.
Did you spell it with an E?
I did it both ways.
I did it once with an E and once with no E. How about, yeah, DDR PC?
DDR PC, let me see.
No, there's no DDR PC article either.
There's just a Dance Dance Revolution main article.
How is there no Mr. Spanky article on Wikipedia?
He's an important part of the culture.
Well, he's a DDR character.
You don't really deserve to know about Wikipedia articles.
I don't get it.
Alright.
I'm sick of looking.
Wait, no I'm not.
Yeah, there's no article for the Windows PC version of Dance Dance Revolution.
Sadness.
Alright.
Anyway, I'm done.
Anything else you want to share with us, GS68?
No, I'm good.
Alright, well have a good one GS68.
We'll talk to you next time.
Thanks, you too.
Bye-bye.
I'm hoping one of our Wikipedia faithful will somehow create that Mr. Spanky article.
That would be all kinds of awesome.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
Hello, Insanist.
Hello, Insanist.
What is on your mind?
I don't know if you guys know, but that Penny Arcade Expo thing went on, and if you can
tell, I have absolutely no voice from being at it all weekend.
Oh, wow.
I think Penny Arcade Expo should happen more often.
It kills your voice.
Yeah, fuck you too, buddy.
Alright.
Well, I wanted to go to Penny Arcade Expo really, really badly, but here's the hilarious
part.
The largest showing of the Rocky Horror Picture Show anywhere in the world was also this weekend
in Reno where they have like 4,000 people come out and see the movie, so I wanted to
go to that.
Penny Arcade Expo was also this weekend.
I wanted to go to that, but guess what trumped both of those things?
One of my best friends from college got married over the weekend, so I went to the wedding
on Saturday.
So congratulations, Amanda and Tom.
Wave, wave, wave hug, although I know they don't listen to this program, but they got
married, so I had to go.
Well, how was Penny Arcade Expo?
So you were there.
You were our man on the street.
What's going on?
Well, what was really disappointing was Sony really didn't bring much to the show.
In fact, it was something outside of Sony's booth that was for the Playstation 3, which
I gave the unofficial OLR seal of approval.
This game called Eye of Judgment.
It's a collectible card game that works with the PS3.
Wait a minute.
You gave the OLR award to the Eye of Judgment?
Yes.
Fired!
Have you played it?
No, I haven't.
I saw the tech demo and I was like, why?
We did kind of see it at E3, so I'm curious.
So you're being completely serious.
This game is awesome.
Okay, I won't give it the OLR, I'll give it the STFU, I'll leave that for you guys.
No, no, that's fine, but I'm just curious.
You're absolutely serious.
This game rocked.
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I'm a huge CCG fan, and I've been, obviously, I'm a huge video games fan, and this was a
very good combination of the two.
It felt more interactive to me than just putting a piece of cardboard on the table.
I could actually see what was going on, and I thought the technology was good and it was
something different, which I'm always welcome to seeing.
The graphics were great, there weren't any glitches with reading the cards.
I had no problem with it, and really, Sony didn't bring much else to the table.
Oh, so I get it.
So you're giving the award to Eye of Judgment by default, because there were no other games
there.
There was nothing new from Sony there.
I see.
It was bad.
But was Eye of Judgment the best thing you saw on any system?
No.
I'll be getting to that, but my Wii award goes to Metroid Prime 3.
This game's amazing, and you need to all pick it up next week.
Why?
One, it has the best Wii remote controls I've ever seen.
The looking is fantastic, the shooting is fantastic, the motion controls are very intuitive
and a lot of fun.
But I didn't like Prime 1 and 2, well, I take that back, I kind of like Prime 2, the multiplayer
mode, but I found first person Metroid so hard to play, am I going to suddenly get over
it with number 3?
Will it bring me back?
I think I will.
The motion controls really make you feel like a part of the game, and some of the boss battles
are amazing.
I got to demo the Ridley boss battle.
I'm not going to spoil too much, but it was one of the coolest boss battles I've ever
fought.
Ever.
Did you get a rise out of it?
Yes, yes I did.
I knocked down there.
Did it make you feel excited in a special place?
Sometimes.
Did you have to go back to your hotel room and take care of some business after playing
the demo?
No, because I had to go run tournaments, unfortunately.
I see.
Alright, so how about your Xbox 360 award?
And overall award.
Rock Band.
No question.
This game is amazing, and yes, I know everybody in the chat room is like, hey, I played this
before, it's Guitar Freak Stromania.
And you're right, it is Guitar Freak Stromania and Karaoke Revolution, but it's with songs
that the mainstream people are going to know, and that's going to sell a lot of copies and
make harmonics a lot of money.
The interface is great, the controllers are great, the guitars for guitar, excuse me,
Rock Band feel like real guitars.
The fret buttons are colored on the top of the controller, rather, on the buttons themselves.
But it's the same layout as guitar here.
Here's my question for you, do you think if Rock Band does well, there'll be a pop band
that comes out?
Because, you know, I like shitty music, and there's just not a lot, I mean, Rock Band
actually has a lot of good music in it, but I like shitty music, so is there any hope
for me and my love of pop music?
If you would have brought me that question, I would have asked the harmonics guys.
Damn you.
But with them releasing Guitar Hero 80s, anything can happen.
So actually, I honestly wouldn't rule that out if, I mean, a lot of the songs in Guitar
Hero 80s weren't that great, but I think Pop Band could very well be a viable idea.
Going to comments from the chat room here, Zaku says, excuse me sir, but harmonics fucked
up the drums, nuff said.
Have you used them?
Oh wait, you can't respond in time.
No you didn't, they're great, they're very responsive.
My only beef is the Xbox button is in the way of the rightmost two drums, and that got
annoying a couple of times.
Tiger Claw says, Rob, don't give them any ideas, next thing you know there will be a
game called Boy Band.
Miklotov got all excited over there.
I think that's called Sing Star actually.
Yeah, it is probably called Sing Star, that would be so much fun.
You're not getting Rock Band, we all know you're going to get the High School Musical
Sing It game, so just buzz off.
I can't officially name this as a winner, but the finals for the Omega-Thon, if anybody's
not familiar with that, it packs picks a bunch of people who are pre-registered and plays
them at a bunch of video games.
It went from Jenga from the beginning to Halo 3 as the final.
They showed two new maps called, one was called Narrows, which is a hallway with vehicles
and it was a hell of a lot of fun.
The other one was called Guardian, which looked very base-like and showed off jump pads and
elevators and was really cool.
Some new weapons, a flame thrower will be in the game, fire grenades will be in the
game, a Spartan laser will be in the game, and this item called the Gravity Hammer, which
is the sword on steroids.
Huh, wow.
How did Halo 3 look?
Because a lot of people complained the beta didn't look that much better, it looked really
good.
Did it?
It looked really good.
What I was most impressed with is the heads-up display.
It got a big overhaul from Halo 2.
The shield meter is directly top-center on the screen, so you'll be seeing it at all
times.
They have your weapons and ammo in the upper right corner and it has icons and the button
instead of saying, press this button to pick up this now.
They streamlined it a lot and I really, really think this will get rid of the disappointment
that, at least in my opinion, was Halo 2.
Let's see, Gold Banjo says, yay fire.
GS68 though asks, any word on the man cannon?
I did not see a man cannon, but there is a plasma cannon that you could, it was mounted
but you could yank it out and run after people with it, which is pretty cool.
All right.
Well, anything else you want to share from Penny Arcade Expo since you were lucky enough
to go?
Two things.
One, the fragdoll stole a flowchart about boobs that I made and two, Wil Wheaton kicked
my ass at Guitar Hero.
You poor thing.
That was pretty cool.
He's a good sport about it.
Wow.
But that's about it.
Penny Arcade Expo is great.
I wish you guys were there.
Wait, how the hell did you end up playing Guitar Hero with Wil Wheaton?
Was it just by chance?
Well, Matt and he entered the tournament and beforehand he was in there warming up and
asked if I could get a game with him because I'm probably not going to get a chance to
play and he's like, sure.
And we played a Let's Talk More Rock Expert and he kicked my ass.
Wow.
Huh.
Something else.
All right.
Well, Insanus, thank you so much for the call and a real quick plug for your show if you'd
like.
STFU every Thursday at seven followed by the Insanus hour if I'm up to it whenever STFU
is over.
All right.
Good to see that there is some weekday programming still happening on the station on Thursdays
and occasionally on Tuesdays, not so much on Wednesdays.
And if I have any spare swag left over, I will either be giving it to you guys or away
to listeners.
Hoorah.
More on that on Thursday.
All right.
Well, I was just going to say, speaking of Tuesday, I will be live this week.
Hooray.
Yay.
I have something to do on Tuesday.
But I won't be here on next Sunday.
But I will not be here on Wednesday because I'm in LA for four days.
I won't be here next Sunday because of something very special.
And that would be-
I have one more request because you haven't done it tomorrow.
Well, let Jamie finish your thought and then you can have your turn.
Yes, Jamie.
Okay.
It's the weekend of my second wedding anniversary.
Well, congratulations.
Yay, Jamie.
So I will be making Dan buy me expensive food on Saturday and he's taking me to Weird Al
on Sunday.
All right.
It should be an interesting show Sunday because Labor Day weekend and everything.
So we'll see.
We'll still be tracking you.
I'll be here if we do a drunk show.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Maybe, you know, I don't have any plans for Monday.
Hmm.
The plot thickens.
All right, DMN.
What was your one more thought?
You haven't hung up on me in a while.
You're right.
So I should do that now.
All right.
If you want to call us, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We'll take one more call.
Yeah.
DMN goes by Insanus now.
I don't know why.
Why did Prince change his name?
He just did.
No, he did because his name was copyrighted by the label he was on before.
Do you always have to know everything?
Yes.
To DMN slash Insanus slash whatever your name's going to be tomorrow, if you don't sign on
to WoW, I'm going to get somebody to kick you out of the guild because you're being
too inactive.
And I don't like that.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, I'd like to go to another call now.
You can use your WoW guild chat some other time, Miklotov, okay?
Wait, you can't kick him from the guild because you don't have WoW.
You had to cancel WoW.
All right.
We got to go back to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's AZHP.
Hello, AZHP.
Sorry to make you listen to our bickering.
As SSJ100Matt says in the chat, oh no, guild drama.
Although I should say, if you want to join the OL Army Guild, which is actually called
Order of Valtiel, it's on the Ravencrest server horde side, and it's fun, lots of fun.
I don't know why you say it's an OrangeLounge Guild.
It's my guild.
It's more Silent Hill than anything.
Because it's the one I play on, and you play on it, and some of the other people that have
been on the show in the past play on it.
Plus, if it was not an OLR Guild, we wouldn't have gotten some of our great players, like
Eddie is on there, and Aliestor or whatever plays it.
Two people.
And then a bunch of people will join and level their characters to five, and then we never
see them again.
So we've had like two or three that have stuck with it, but that's about it.
I'm there, but I just don't play that much.
Speaking of people who leveled to level five and then quit.
No, I will add to eight with my team, and then I started...
Oh, sorry, eight.
Okay, okay, okay.
I will play World of Warcraft on some day.
And DMN sent me a private message.
Tell me, Glattov, I quit WoW.
Then I'm sad.
All right, anyway, sorry AZHP has been waiting on the line very patiently, you poor bastard.
What's on your mind?
Speaking of WoW, after I got off the phone last week with you guys, you said that I might
have bought this budget computer for WoW, and no, I'm not a WoW player.
Really?
Oh, because that's right, you emailed us, and we said something about you had the budget...
You said something about buying a budget computer, right?
Yeah, well, I Skyped in last week, and I said that I bought a budget computer, and you thought
that it was for WoW, and no, I've seen what WoW does to my friends, and I don't want to
become a recovering WoW addict.
Ironic that we're yelling about WoW the minute you call in.
That's why you were snickering to yourself.
Is that all you wanted to say?
No, well, I didn't catch the mailbag this week.
You guys read my email?
I don't know, maybe.
We read a lot of emails, so I don't know if we...
I think I heard your name come up.
All right, awesome.
Well, yeah.
You know, you could always just download part A, and then you'll find out.
Well, yeah, I played the Bioshock demo, and I was looking at picking it up, because it's
so awesome, right?
Oh, yeah, we read this email, yeah.
Yeah, and I just read a lot of controversy on the forums, like, oh, if you buy the game,
you can only register it on two computers, and after that, your CD won't work anymore
on any other computers that you have.
That and your computer will be reported to the Motion Picture Association of America.
Why they do that, I don't know, but it's just more negative stuff to happen.
And little gnomes will come live inside your computer, and if you don't feed them before
midnight, then your computer will grow legs and walk away.
I mean, the coffee protection on Bioshock is just that bad.
Yeah, actually, people have said that rootkits were installed, like the Sony's old rootkits
that pretty much just monitored everything on your computer, so I'm thinking of waiting
until that stuff gets all settled down, people start throwing lawsuits at 2K and stuff, more
lawsuits.
Yes, and actually, Big Brother is watching your computer and sending daily reports to
Amber who's crying about them right now.
Bad joke, sorry.
If you get that, you need a life like I do.
See, Miklotov's booing me, I know he needs it, all right.
Anything else you want to share, ACHP?
Probably, but it all got lost in the randomness, so I guess that's about it.
That's like the tagline of this show, it all gets lost in the randomness, so there you
go.
That is pretty excellent.
Oh, actually, one more thing.
Yes.
Yeah, about the Wii outselling the Xbox 360, and you guys are all wondering, oh, it's not
the hardcore gamers who's buying all the stuff for it, it's just Wii Sports, Wii Play.
Well, it's a mix.
It's a mix.
Yeah.
I mean, keep in mind we were reading some chat comments there, too.
I think it's a mix.
I think you've got both the hardcore gamers and soccer moms buying it, and that's why
it's doing so well, but I think for a lot of hardcore gamers, the magic is dying off,
you know, and hopefully, Metroid is going to bring that back, and Super Smash Brothers
certainly will bring that back, but, you know, I feel like it's the DS launch all over again,
really.
It's the DS launch all over again.
You had a bunch of great games at the beginning, and then, like, a year of deadness with the
occasional gem, and now we're going to get back into overdrive.
Yeah, I mean, like, from next week until four months from now, we've got, like, great releases
coming every month.
You got Metroid Prime 3, Super Mario Galaxy, Super Smash Brothers.
You got Battalion Wars.
Everything's just, like, coming out one after another.
Well, it's about freaking time, right?
Yeah, definitely.
All right.
All right.
I haven't touched...
I haven't bought a new game for my Wii since Ellipitz.
I mean, the last one I bought was Super Paper Mario, and I barely played it.
I feel like a dummy for even buying it, because I barely played it, but...
Oh, well.
All right.
Well, AZHP, thanks so much for the call.
We've got to go and wrap things up, okay?
All right, then.
All right.
Later, sir.
Bye.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
If you didn't get through, so sorry, but try again next week.
We had some long calls tonight that kind of took up all our time, so if you're mad we
didn't get to your call, just blame Insanus, because his call went on for about nine minutes.
All right.
Just kidding.
Let's get to the listless results, shall we, before we get to the last-minute stories,
because you still had some last-minute stories, right, Loki?
Yes.
Maybe Dark Sakura has a few as well?
Yeah, no.
All right.
Yeah, no.
All right.
Let's get to tonight's listless results.
In third place for the character we would most like to see in the new track and field
game, Dracula is the character that people would like to see third most in their DDR
game.
In second place for a character that we most want to see in track and field, Mr. Spanky
comes in second place, and what could possibly top Mr. Spanky for the number one character
you most want to see in track and field on the DS?
The left DDR arrow is the number one.
Yay.
So make it happen, Konami.
That's the first time I've ever won.
I'm so excited.
How many listless games have you played with us?
Like ten, probably.
Well, congratulations.
Poor Loki in Dark Sakura got X'd out that round.
I'm sorry.
Kids?
Oh, well.
That's okay, because of several times I've won the entire thing by myself.
Well, of several times.
Shut up.
Why are you being mean to me?
Because you let me.
Heart.
Hearts make it better.
Don't throw napkins at me.
That will just make me meaner.
Yes, make it tough.
I realized like ten minutes ago that it would have been better to do the right DDR arrow
because it's pointing in the direction of like the running on the screen.
The left DDR arrow makes even less sense now that I think about it.
It makes you run away.
But it makes it funnier.
Anyway, Loki, last minute stories.
So there was some other stuff other than the Eye of Judgment announced for the PlayStation
Eye.
One of which is the Towers of Topac, which is apparently a game where you roll around
this giant ball down this tower using your body.
Sounds like a shitload of fun.
Hurrah.
I will use the Eye of Judgment to roll a giant ball down a hill is what you're saying.
Something like that.
That sounds like totem ball.
I love totem ball.
It's not exactly a totem ball.
Basically it's a top down view and each of the little platforms that you're on is actually
an image of your screen.
So you actually are on multiple little platforms there.
I don't know.
It's weird.
Not something I would buy though.
Let's see here.
Also, Gran Turismo 5 Prologue, which is rumored to be out this year, according to an interview
with some people working the Sony booth at Lipsig, that actually I guess with the series
creator Kazunori Yamauchi has confirmed himself.
He said that yes, it will be a free download on the PSN and we're thinking of charging,
but doubt it.
For now it's free.
So I think it was actually supposed to contain quite a bit of stuff.
They were saying, I want to say it was like quite a few cars and about 16 tracks or something
like that.
I think it was like 50 cars.
So that would be pretty sweet if it was free.
Then I wouldn't have to buy the actual game.
Anyways, let's see.
Other than that, there was one other thing I was going to say that they've partially
cracked the Xbox 360 kernel.
Now that allows you to download or downgrade from any kernel without using a computer key
is possible.
So what that'll allow you to do is drop your firmware down to a level where you can put
homebrew stuff on it.
Not fully functional, but getting close.
All right.
Is that it?
That's it.
All right.
Lots of last minute stories tonight.
Well, that's about it for the show tonight.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into us and listening to us tonight.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Miklotov, thank you for being here.
I didn't have a choice.
Are you going to be here next week for our maybe drunk show?
I don't think I have a choice.
Well, I'm glad you have such enthusiasm with this program.
Maybe I'll lift my ban on drinking for myself.
That would be fun.
I think we might have to do a drunk show after all.
So let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Miklotov, your final thought.
I don't know.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is they had some people, I guess, at Leipzig that were just completely
naked except they were painted on.
That's what we need to see at E3.
Painted chicks.
They're topless.
My final thought is Mike and Ike's are yummy and I just found one left in the bag.
Delicious.
Dark Soccer, your final thought.
Gross.
You don't like Mike and Ike's?
They're one of the candies I can't eat because I'm allergic to one of the ingredients.
It's like a gelatin something.
Same with Starburst and gum makes me nauseous when I smell it.
I'm trying to figure out what the name of the ingredient would be.
It's something like Jamie Repellent.
Jamie Repellent.
Oh, look.
It's right in there.
Jamie Repellent number five.
Who knew?
All right.
Of course, thanks you guys so much for tuning in to and downloading our show or tuning in
live.
We appreciate it.
Remember, if you like what we do here, please, or even if you don't like what we do here,
please help us spread the word of independent radio nonetheless.
Tell two people about your show.
They don't have to be your friends because we'll take your enemies listening to the show
too because we just like to get the word out.
We don't get a lot of money to promote our program so we rely on word of mouth.
Please leave your reviews on iTunes and get the word out there and all that good stuff.
We appreciate it.
That's it.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
