Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back, boys and girls, to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 242, this part
B on August 12th, 2007.
Of course, we do tape live on Sunday nights at www.orangeloungeradio.com, and we have
a chat room full of folks who are chatting about what we were talking about during the
bonus segment, which is for the live-only folks, where we're talking about possibly
creating a fighting game that would be like Capcom versus SNK, except it would be Orange
Lounge Radio versus All Games Interactive, and I think the results there would be hilarious.
So we'll have to talk more about that, maybe make a thread in the forums and see if All
Games would want to get some of their talented artists and game designers in on it, too.
Just do it in one of those, like, create-your-own-fighting-game programs.
I think it would be hilarious.
A lot of people would enjoy that.
All right, and meanwhile, let's get back into the gaming news and talk about the real console
gaming news out there, and I believe Loki's going to start us off this segment.
Yes, apparently there's a rumor going around that Sony's going to acquire Rockstar Games,
and I guess this would be good for Sony, since, you know, they need more first-party games,
and definitely having the Grand Theft Auto franchise to themselves would be pretty good.
Although, I don't know, apparently various sources of the press and, I guess, development
team are saying that Sony is looking to take Rockstar under their wings, and I know that
they have, was it LA Nor coming out for the PlayStation 3 exclusively in the spring, so
I don't know.
They're saying also, I guess, there's going to be another exclusive game afterwards, but
I can't help but think there, you know, maybe some exclusive games for Sony, but I doubt
that they're actually going to be bought up by Sony, because, I mean, they're making money
hand over fist, so they'd be so stupid they cut out the Xbox 360.
Doesn't it seem like this story is somewhat like jumping to conclusions?
Like that's the feeling I got when I read it, is that, oh, well, Rockstar's been working
a lot with Sony, and now they're doing this exclusive thing for Sony, so therefore Sony's
going to be buying Rockstar.
I don't think, I mean, think about it, I mean, why would they say, I mean, I guess if they're
part of Sony, it doesn't matter that they're not selling as many units, but they're not
exactly suffering or struggling financially, I think, I mean, granted, you know, Grand
Theft Auto 4 being delayed is not helpful, or all the lawsuits, but shit, when that game
comes out, they're not going to be struggling financially, so, some healthy skepticism courtesy
of the chat room as well.
Frisbee says, not going to happen without a big fight.
Ross Steel UT says, Microsoft just paid them 50 million, it's not going to happen.
Yeah.
Perfect example.
There you go.
Well, one thing that can happen right now on your PSP is a brand new application called
PSPTube.
This is from a Japanese PSP homebrew developer, Sophia Cat, and basically what this does is
it will let you watch YouTube videos on your PSP.
Now, you don't have to convert the files or do whatever, you just basically play the videos
directly from YouTube.
Kind of cool there.
Of course, you do have to go through some hoops and stuff to make it happen.
If you want to check it out, you can visit the Sophia Cat site there and look at more
information, but basically you have to make a developer ID and put it in this file and
then it's kind of a bunch of crap you have to do.
But they're going to, they also just released another new version of it that's supposed
to have a favorites folder and stuff like that, that you can download videos and stuff
from there.
So, unlike, you know, sure you could do this probably through the web browser as well,
but this is actually streaming videos straight off YouTube.
This isn't just viewing them off of a web page or anything, so I guess it's a little
bit better.
SSJ100Matt has a good thought here.
How long until PSPOrnotube, or PSPUporn, or PSPXTube, I mean it's just a matter of
time, right?
I hope.
Because that's what people really want to do on their PSP.
And they get the XXXBox thing coming out.
Boo.
I wanted another cookie, Rob.
The brand new bad joke mistress of Orange Launch Radio, Dark Soccer.
No, no, no.
I was emulating Junami.
I did buy that, I bought it in a 160 gig external hard drive, four videos on either the 360
or PS3.
All right, I will go get Jamie a cookie while she reads the next story.
There's one cookie left.
Well, for anybody who actually gives a crap about this game, and also since it's a UK
release that I'm referring to, it was slipped during a press conference that, well, Activision
UK is only confirming winter, however Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare has been given the
date of November 9th for Europe on PS3, PC, and XBox 360.
So you can have fun shooting down people if you want to.
Enjoy.
And I think that's about the same time as the one in the US is coming out, so it's not
a huge surprise that they're releasing around that same time.
Obviously, extremely awesome game.
I mean, the video that they've been showing so far, very early, but very fucking awesome.
Such a kind of game.
I think so.
The other thing that's kind of interesting, there's a whole PlayStation starter pack that
was going on in the UK.
Apparently it was one where they were actually offering the 60 gig system with Resistance
and Motorstorm and two controllers for a set amount.
Now the problem is that there's conflicting sources saying that the starter pack might
actually be in jeopardy, that they might be done with it in August 31st.
So much like the limited price point drop for the 60 gig system, and that makes sense
if it has a 60 gig system in there, and if they're phasing out the 60 gig, then yeah,
of course it's going to be in jeopardy.
So if you want one, better buy it now.
Alright, well of course PAL is the international format, or the format overseas in the Europe
region for video games and for television signals, and speaking of things that have
been going on overseas as far as video games go, Manhunt 2 of course, lots and lots and
lots of stories hitting the internet when the British Board of Film Classification effectively
banned Manhunt 2.
Something to be considered this week is that Rockstar Games is currently appealing the
decision, and there was actually an associate at game specialist law firm Osborne Clark
said something about how it may be a while before this decision has the possibility to
be overturned.
Quote, last time this happened with Carmageddon, the appeal worked so that's a positive precedent.
Rockstar has taken a while to build its case, so they've obviously been taking stock of
what the BBFC have said.
They'll have to work together to agree on making the right cuts.
So it is possible that the BBFC could reconsider, but we won't find out for quite a long time.
Also something to think about is that quote, if the BBC feels that the violence running
throughout the game is too much, it's not like a film where you can just cut out certain
scenes as of course a lot of people said when the story first hit the internet, when the
game was first banned.
No I'm really disappointed.
I can understand why they would want to censor it and stuff so that it can be released on
all the consoles, but I really wish they would kind of open the console format so that you
can have, you know, what would be the equivalent of an NC-17 game, you know, where it's the
uncut version where you can kill the strippers, fuck them, and then kill them again.
You know, just something like that.
I wish all this talk would just...
Can that be the other way around?
I just wish all this talk would go away and I wish they could just release the damn thing
with an adults only rating and that everybody didn't have a collective thumb up their butt
about how, you know, having adults only games on their platforms are going to corrupt children
across America, you know.
Sony needs to go and say, hey, we'll accept adult only games, go ahead and bring it out
on the Playstation 2 and PS3 exclusively.
There you go.
A little bit of an edge for them.
Alright, well, we shall see what happens.
I'm sure this won't be the last time you hear about Manhunt 2, like it or not.
Well, this is actually pretty cool.
A business called Omega Sector opened in Birmingham, of course, in Europe.
Not the Birmingham in Alabama?
No.
But I've been there.
Okay.
I've been there lots of times.
It's not fun.
Sorry, people in Alabama.
But this is a place that has 400 custom built PCs.
It's 22,000 square feet, two floors, it has an internet cafe, movies, a room for Xbox
360 gaming, sponsored by Squeenix, THQ, Activision, and they've all got their own little places
to play at.
You can play Final Fantasy XI, Call of Duty, Shadow of Chernobyl, Stalker, and it's just
a big, massive gaming spot, and so it's open for business.
Someday when I become rich, I will open something like that and call it the Orange Lounge, but
that's pretty cool, though.
Well, there's two mobile Omega Sectors that will come and do parties and concerts and
things like that, but this is kind of cool.
You pay five pounds to get in, and then you can go around.
There's promo stuff everywhere.
You can basically not just go into play.
You've got stuff for actually interacting with people, so that's kind of cool.
We need one next door.
In the backyard.
Yes, in the backyard.
Now I do have that shed I'm not really using for anything else, so let's install one of
these in there.
Even though there's no air conditioning in there, we'd probably melt.
You know, there's some interesting news coming out about a violent game law in California
that would have restricted anyone from, under the age of 18, from buying or renting violent
video games.
I didn't even know that was in the works, which is interesting.
Well, I'm sure we talked about it previously on the show.
I know we did.
Well, there's been so many states, you know, I just can't keep track of them.
True.
Anyways, so the bill signed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger back in 2005, it's been overturned,
so that's interesting because of course it was unconstitutional, yada, yada, yada, pretty
much the same thing that every single state so far has found out.
You know, it was a while ago when this happened.
I think this was back when we were doing the to-go show, we were doing the separate shows,
when this first went through.
I think that's why you forgot about it, because I remember that guy, Leland Yee, they were
parading him amongst all the game blogs and some of the shows on TV and how he wrote this
bill and everything, and to his credit, even if we may not agree with his law personally,
he was at least willing to chat with the game sites and the blogs and stuff.
Yeah, and the thing and problem is it said violent video games, and of course, you know,
what is violent?
You know, that's the problem.
It wasn't like adult-only games or mature-rated games cannot be sold to these people.
That's right.
You know, if they had done something like that, then that would have been a little different.
I don't know.
I think it's stupid that they're having laws for that since they don't have laws for that
for movies or music or anything like that.
So what happens now?
Is it gone forever?
Is it going to go away?
No, of course not.
Never hear about it again?
Of course not, because you know, when it was been deemed unconstitutional, Governor Schwarzenegger
says, well, it will be back, you know, pun intended, of course.
And he says he isn't done protecting the bill's targeted youth.
Thank you, Schwarzenegger, for saving our kids with censorship.
Thank you very much.
Especially since...
Yeah, correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Schwarzenegger like, you know, not only star
in but give some money to the Terminator 3 project, which was an R-rated movie that I'm
sure many kids snuck into, I mean, hello?
Or Terminator 2, or Total Recall, I mean, the chick had three boobs, I mean, what kid
is not going to, you know, try to sneak into a movie like that?
I mean, come on.
Where a chick has three boobs?
Exactly.
All right, well, anyhow, you know, news of these laws not going away and just the fact
that here we go again makes us very angsty.
So of course you know what that means.
It's time to make our own violence here on the program with our segment called The F-You's
of the Week.
Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off?
My F-You of the Week goes towards people who don't know when to shut up.
People who have to get the last word, who must always be right.
People who don't understand when it's better to let things lie than to prolong a bad situation.
F-You to that.
Loki, all right, my F-You goes to this chair that I'm sitting in because it's horribly
uncomfortable.
It's hard, the back of it's like super stiff, like I feel like my spine is being readjusted.
Not good.
And then also F-You to my computer for resetting.
I reinstalled Windows with Service Pack 2 now.
Not only is my internet slower thanks to that, but I did kind of try to fix that.
It's still resetting randomly.
I just think the motherboard's crapping out.
It's kind of old, so.
Need to build a new computer.
That's it.
My F-You of the Week goes to Comcast for reasons previously mentioned.
I mean, just the fact that they completely were fucking up our order made us wait so
long to get the freaking internet here, and then we were sitting around the whole day
and offered practically no compensation for it, so they suck big floppy donkey dick, so
that's it.
Wow, that was short F-Yous tonight.
I'm quite impressed.
Going from something F-You to something that makes me very, very happy is news on Spore.
Of course, I'm very excited about Spore, and a lot of us have thought, ah, Spore is pretty
much going away for a little while because the damn game's not supposed to come out till,
what, like 2009 now at this point?
Well, Spore didn't show up at E3, but Spore will be showing up at the Leipzig Convention
in Germany.
It's going to be actually playable behind closed doors.
Now, of course, I wonder if that means, okay, is it like last year's E3 where it's going
to be playable by somebody else, or will select lucky few people actually get to play it?
Supposedly Spore is still on track for a 2008 release, but I think most people would agree
they will release it when it's damn good and ready, and they're going to take their sweet
ass time to make sure it's right.
So let's hope so.
Let's hope it's right, but keep your eye on your favorite game blogs from August 23rd
to 26th when the Leipzig Games Convention's going on, because that's when you're likely
to see some news on this.
You see really what's happening, though, is the game is done.
Right now they're just working on emptying Scrooge McDuck's vault so they can stick all
the money in there that they're going to make on this game.
That's what they're doing.
Are they going to go swimming in it?
And they will go swimming in it.
What?
They're going to make tons of money off this thing.
That's what it is.
Stop fucking making playable demos.
I mean, that's all they're working on is goddamn playable demos for these stupid events.
Just finish the fucking game.
They're just trying to tease you.
Then you'll make the money to go in the vault.
They want you teased.
Then you'll be able to swim in it.
I just think it's very random that you brought up Scrooge McDuck's vault.
I think that that's appropriate.
By the way, dear Capcom, Capcom, yeah, where the fuck is DuckTales 3?
Why didn't we ever get that?
Maybe because DuckTales is off the air?
Who cares?
Who cares?
No, no, no, no.
It's all about the DuckTales moon level.
I know, for real.
The best music ever.
DuckTales, what kid that grew up in the 80s doesn't remember the DuckTales video game?
DuckTales 2, who cares that it didn't sell at all because it was released towards the
end of the NES lifespan.
Every kid upgraded to a Super Nintendo at that point.
So where is DuckTales 3?
Couldn't it be done on the DS?
What?
Did Capcom release the license or something?
It's not on the air anymore.
They're hanging out with Duke Nukem.
Who cares?
Look at Kingdom Hearts.
Scrooge McDuck's in Kingdom Hearts and so is Huey, Dewey, and Louie.
But that's also got a lot of the more modern.
The Tron is in Kingdom Hearts 2, which makes me happy.
But you remember, though, those characters were not only on DuckTales.
They actually existed in other cartoon shorts before DuckTales.
Okay, I don't really give a shit who makes the DuckTales game.
I just want one and I want it to not suck.
Make it yourself.
They can maybe do a DuckTales level in Kingdom Hearts 3, maybe a Darkwing Duck level.
Yeah, Darkwing Duck.
Supposedly, Kingdom Hearts 3 is not Kingdom Hearts 3.
Okay, Kingdom Hearts 3.5.
Kingdom Hearts 2 is another game, you know?
Like they do.
2-2 or something.
I don't know.
That's what Ross Tilly UT says.
Kingdom Hearts has shit from the 50s in it.
Even earlier than that, they have the Timeless River or whatever that level is called.
That level is awesome.
That's the Steamboat Willie level.
But you know, that's like classic Disney.
It's not like, they don't have a tailspin level.
Ballora's not wearing it.
That's because tailspin is rip-off of the Jungle Book.
You do get one Gummy Bears reference, which is pretty awesome, because you have the Gummy
Ship, right?
Oh, that's not really the Gummy Bears, though.
But that's what I like to think in my own mind, is that it's a Gummy Bears reference.
The thing has absolutely nothing to do with Gummy Bears.
Shut up!
But we've got our poo level, and I hate the poo levels because they're not all that fun.
Where's my level based on Swiss Family Robinson?
Where's the Herbie Love Bug level?
They need to have Bruce Campbell in that one, too, because Bruce Campbell is in a Herbie
movie.
Or what was the dog?
Not Old Yeller, but the other one.
Shaggy the Dog or whatever it was?
A Shaggy Dog.
A Shaggy Dog.
That's it.
That darn cat below there.
What about the Witch Mountain movies?
All right.
I love those.
Now we're getting random.
Let's please go to another story.
Speaking of random, actually not really, there are new Wii Virtual Console stuff rated out
now.
Thank you, ESRB, you bastards.
Thank you, you bastards.
I love that.
Well, what games are they?
We have...
Faithful News Reporter.
Landstalker, The Treasures of King Knoll.
I never played that.
I've never even fucking heard of that game.
Shinobi 3, Return of the Ninja Master.
I'm sorry.
Shadow Dancer was better.
Shadow Dancer was the best Shinobi game ever.
And...
And...
Ghoulsy Ghosts.
Yay!
Wow, they're really getting obscure on some of these Genesis and TurboGrafx titles that
are coming out.
And yet, we still don't have Guardian Legend, speaking of obscure.
Why don't you have Metal Gear on Virtual Console?
Where are some of the other old Konami classics, besides just Grapple?
You know, there's a good point that they make here that just because it's rated doesn't
mean it's going to come out.
So, who knows, like, what the fuck, Landstalker, whatever.
You know, they should let me pick games for the Virtual Console, because I'd put Panorama
Cotton all up in there.
Rasteel UT makes fun of what Jamie said.
Thank you, you bastards.
Rasteel UT says, I'm very gracious, you retarded spastic fags.
You know, it's like, if I were to pick games for their Virtual Console, I would be just
like, well, how about we pick the one where you fix the fucking internet thing and make
it so it's actually, you know, games playable over, you know, Wi-Fi and shit like that.
Stop working on Virtual Console games and fix my goddamn Wii internet.
Hit an Excitebike and have the save mode work.
Son of Dad has a damn good point.
Where the fuck is Michael Jackson's Moonwalker?
Dude, I know!
That game was great.
I mean, besides all that, you know, child molestation he ran for other countries bullshit.
I mean, come on!
It was a great game.
You know what game that we need on Virtual Console?
The Goonies.
Not the Goonies 2.
No, we need Goonies 2 as well.
Well, we need that eventually, but we need the first one that came out.
I'm saying, where's all the Konami?
There was a first one?
Yes, there was.
Yeah, there was, but only in Japan, I think.
And it had an arcade release that was one of those timed Nintendo crappy games that,
you know, they had the Super Mario Brothers one where all your enemies are beetle bugs.
All right, let's get past that quintessential games we want on Virtual Console stuff.
Get back into some news.
All right, well, it's very unfortunate that this super awesome game is only exclusive
at Walmart, but Chibi-Robo DS, people thought that it might have been scrapped at first,
but guess what?
Walmart's going to have the exclusive rights to this super awesome game.
No, really, it really, really sucks.
It is a horrible game, played at E3.
Well, the GameCube one was kind of shitty too.
Well, let me put it this way, the DS captures the essence of the GameCube game perfectly.
So yay, Chibi-Robo Park Patrol will launch October 2nd at Walmart, so you know what?
And Walmart is releasing it in a limited edition baby shit green case.
Who knew?
Oh wait, that's not the case, that's actually baby shit.
Well, I don't know if you could get this at Walmart, but I certainly would like to be
able to get this.
DreamKitty.com is offering these very cute little overlays for your Nintendo DS.
They're Hello Kitty overlays, that's right.
You could take your pink DS light and make it pinker with new Hello Kitty overlays you
can get, and it looks like bling a little bit, like they have gemstones on it, but that's
a little pattern there, Hello Kitty thing on the front, and then little kitty designs.
Actually there's really not any kitties inside, it's all like flowers and gems and all sorts
of other girly shit.
I'm surprised they're not selling this at the Sanrio store.
$16.49 plus shipping if you would like to buy this at DreamKitty.com, and I know I want
it, so we'll see.
I'm seriously considering buying it, how cool would that be?
And as the article says, go for it, you'll sure be the envy of every ten year old girl
on the block.
I know.
Well hold on, when people come into the house and they see my Hello Kitty toaster and my
Hello Kitty coffee maker, it always gets a comment.
Oh my god, you bought that?
No, mostly it's been, oh my gosh, my daughter would love that.
Alright, anyway.
Let's open up the mailbag and get a little serious here on Orange Lounge Radio, and open
up ye old mailbag and see what you guys, listeners, have to say.
Go to OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place you can always send those emails to, and Dark
Soccer is going to dive on in and pull out some of her favorite emails.
So here she goes.
The first of three emails that I'm going to read, it says, Hey, OLR guys, not sure if
this question has been covered before, but if it has, sorry about that, okay, we forgive
you.
Next email.
Sites such as BimaniStyle.com and its message board cater to Bimani players mainly in the
U.S. with an English language.
GameFacts.com is another major site with a large message board that deals with all sorts
of video games.
It is another site with a user base predominantly from the U.S. that speaks English.
Using those two sites as an example and excluding 2chan from the answer, what is one Bimani
site from Japan and one major video game and general site from Japan that caters to players
from the Japanese region with a fully functional message board and a user base from the same
region?
I ask this because we don't hear much from these sites and they don't get much recognition
for being a major thriving site outside of Japan.
Thanks, Snaps.
Well first of all, I think that I'm the only person in this room that really reads much
Japanese and that's maybe 30 kanji if I'm lucky, so we typically don't go to those sites
given that we can't reliably read them and that Nifty Global Gate doesn't always translate
quite right.
Yeah, unfortunately I don't have a lot to give you there for the same reason, like I
don't speak Japanese so going to those sites doesn't do me a lot of good, but I can give
you this.
Erin in Japan.
There is a site, well actually outside of that I can give you one site that's all in
Japanese as far as the what is a good Bimani site with boards to look at and that would
be a website called Mia's Another Leaf and that site is m-i-e-y-a dot cool dot n-e dot
j-p and I first discovered this site because they actually have us linked on it and so
it came up in the referrer's log and so I checked out the site and they run a fully
functional news blog and I'm pretty extensive on the Bimani coverage there and of course
they have some DDR characters, Alice and Emmy in their logo, so you know they've been around
a long time.
The site brags that they've been up since 2001, March 6th of 2001 they've been running
so there you go, that's the site you can definitely check out.
Again that's Mia's Another Leaf.
As far as the more general gaming site, I don't know unfortunately I couldn't tell you.
Next time you send us an email tell us the site you want us to plug and we'll check it
out.
General gaming site, I would say probably Famitsu dot com.
Yeah there is Famitsu.
I'm sure they have forums that go along with it.
Alright next email then.
Next email dun dun dun is um, there's a sigh.
Hello all at Orange Lounge Radio.
You know what Jamie, I officially share your annoyance of children.
Their greedy, sticky fingered, badgering brats who have left in control of parents who don't
know what the hell they're doing can become Satan incarnate.
Wow.
My cousin is a perfect example, complete lack of discipline for that kid.
Also I was at the arcade today for some good old fashioned DDR Max 2 and with my luck there
was a party with a bunch of munchkins running around.
While I played this little girl kept asking me for money.
Now come on.
I was told never to ask strangers for money when I was a kid and I never did.
But yeah her mother wasn't even around either.
Then another kid came up and started jumping on the arrows behind me while I was selecting
a song.
I went to move back onto the map and began to play the song and he almost runs into me.
Thank God his mother finally showed up or that kid would have lost a foot had I stepped
on it.
Ever had this experience at your local arcade with children?
Yeah it sucks.
Whatever you do Jamie, just don't reproduce.
You and your husband will live happy lives.
Sincerely Osifer.
P.S.
I'm not sure if I spelled your name correctly, feel free to connect me.
And Rob, spaz your anger.
You spelled my name correctly by the way.
Thank you.
Well Osifer we'd all like to thank you for the email here at Orange Lounge Radio.
And so would all the screaming children.
I don't know.
I mean you know kids are kids.
I think kids when being parented actively aren't so bad.
But unfortunately at a lot of these types of places like the arcade and Chuck E. Cheese
these are places where the parents go to get a break.
And they just let their kids run around like crazy.
You did it too when you were a kid.
So I didn't.
Really?
I never ran around like crazy.
Never ever?
In just my backyard.
Not in public.
I had an all-girl bicycle gang.
Wait you were a member of a bike gang?
No it was four of us and we would ride the streets like we were on patrol.
Only I had like the best bike of everybody so nobody could keep up with me.
I'm fascinated by the fact that you were in a bike gang when you were a little girl.
That's amazing.
But I wasn't a problem child like that.
Because keep in mind if you grow up in the south your parents don't give a shit about
all this PC bullshit.
They're just going to discipline you.
You have all that stuff that Bill Engvall said about going out to the tree and picking
your own switch.
I did that.
That is cruel and unusual punishment.
Wowzers.
Yeah I had a birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese.
We all ran around like crazy while our parents sat around and gossiped.
That's how it worked.
I think there's a difference between actually going to an arcade and going to a place where
you're expected to be overrun by a bajillion children.
At least with an arcade you expect to have people monitoring their children.
Well look at what's happening in arcades.
They're all turning into birthday palaces.
Well at my arcade when I worked at one we would ask, we would not let any child under
a particular age be without an adult accompanying them.
Even if it was the adult with their little group we wouldn't let them just run amuck.
No small children.
Wow.
But you know, I like Namco.
So shall I go on?
You shall.
Maybe I won't.
I will.
This is from Misty.
Aww.
Hi Misty.
I thought closing on Sundays.
I can't be the only one able to close this night, no.
I can't be the only one able to close this night of the week.
I miss you guys.
Heart Misty.
Aww.
That was a sharp but sweet email.
Well I miss you too.
Is that it?
That's it.
We need more emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you would like to send us some emails.
Give us some more stuff to read next week.
Well before I forget I did want to say that there's no pump up the volume this week either.
Last week there was a funeral.
This week I have a class.
So no pump.
Sorry.
Alright.
We will have some weeknight shows.
Slowly returning probably after the summer.
I know Travis is finally back on Saturdays and I want to say that DMN said he's doing
his thing on Thursdays and whatever so there's lots of stuff coming up as far as the weeknight
shows go and then Wednesday night should be back pretty soon as well after all this summer
craziness has ended.
So let's get back into some game news.
Loki keep us up.
Summer craziness.
Anyways.
Now so I was going to say there's some interesting things.
Not a huge surprise with the day and age that we're living in but airport security is beginning
to inspect game consoles and you know don't worry they're not going to break them open
to make sure that's the game console but they will x-ray them for you and they probably
will I don't think they're going to forbid you from bringing them on the plane but just
so you know it will be x-rayed.
I mean is anyone surprised?
I bring DS's on the plane and you just have to put them on the x-ray belt like anything
else so.
Exactly.
It doesn't seem like anything new to me but I guess maybe the big fat consoles they're
doing now like if you put them in your luggage maybe they're like my wife and go why are
you bringing that around it's not a portable console what the fuck because you're a hardcore
nerd I don't know yes well one thing you could bring around with you if you own an iPhone
is NES games that's right there's new NES emulator for the iPhone and it doesn't run
so great but it's kind of cool that it's actually in production it actually produces a little
tiny Nintendo style controller on the bottom of your iPhone screen and then you play the
game in the main iPhone display it's pretty I guess simple to get up and running but unfortunately
it's slow there's no sound the controls are not that great for right now but hey it's
a start and it shows that it can be done now the first thing you got to do is of course
you have to you know kind of hack your iPhone because you know the way you get some of the
other stuff on there but it's possible it's very possible anything is possible of course
I don't have an iPhone so I couldn't tell you I got to see melody's iPhone oh yeah how's
she liking that she likes it okay I actually thought it was going to be fairly prohibitive
you know and in the service plan but apparently if you're already like I'm with singular right
now apparently if you're already with them then it's actually just an upgrade to your
plan and not like their whole new expensive you know gouge you in the you know eyeball
price well that's cool I heard stories about someone being charged three thousand dollars
for browsing the internet on their iPhone oh my lord no um they have like some unlimited
servicing but I don't know I still don't want one I want you know a phone that I can text
with that's it yeah the iPhone's a bit much for me I mean I own a phone that doesn't shut
off every you know randomly I understand why people are all getting into it but it's just
not for me just not for me you know I have a laptop I'm happy with it anyway there is
a little bit of information coming out of the South Park camp for anyone who is picking
up the season 10 DVD bundle you get a 14-day trial of World of Warcraft which is kind of
funny because season 10 had the Warcraft episode in it huh yeah but also Blizzard helped them
with it which I thought was funny wow but what I don't know I finally saw the episode
it was funny I would think that most people man bathroom I would think that most I would
think that most people who watch South Park have probably already given World of Warcraft
to try once in their life at least I just thought that I haven't you know you know who
I finally got to play World of Warcraft this week by the way I heard you're finally back
like I saw your post in the forums well yeah if anyone would actually add my noob character
to the guild and tell me what you're gonna be on tell me when you're gonna be on next
and I'll I'll send you money and get you in the guild okay and you know who you can play
with now who's also a noob William the boyfriend is on he started playing World of Warcraft
because he was such a Starcraft fan like he still plays Starcraft now it's like the one
game he really does play and is really into and you know we kind of said well if you like
that game why aren't you playing like World of Warcraft or some of the other blizzard
titles so he tried it out and he loved it so now he sucked into it World of Warcraft
when there's absolutely nothing else to do so I play about once a month but when I play
I play for a while yeah stay far away while you still can because once you get sucked
in it's it's it's bad I won't get sucked in well even when I played Final Fantasy 11
I didn't get sucked in that's because you hated it but I was really good with a controller
hey I could do all that macro crap with a controller that's cool hey you should have
been playing on 360 you saw you saw me do that too I know and I remember commenting
like wow how do you do all that shit with a controller of course the game was designed
for the PlayStation 2 so it's supposed to be played with a controller but I I would
never be able to do it I I actually had a hard time figure out the macros on my function
key so I just like screw it I use my controller and then I got so pissed off I couldn't play
World of Warcraft with the controller I was like damn it all right anyway yes this only
could come from Second Life but apparently there is a virtual sex program called I guess
made by a company called Eros LLC and it makes realistic genitalia and creates sexual moves
for Second Life citizens and apparently this one guy who created it found out that his
works have been resold by someone else who has been claiming that he made it but so now
he is going to be suing them actually it's interesting the whole sex in Second Life but
somebody should sue everybody involved for bringing sex to Second Life I mean really
because that's all some people think about and where the hell is that three feel game
that we saw e3 two years ago hello random three feel was great it was funny because
they're no no no no don't do that they had to get their translator because I wasn't supposed
to click the button SSJ 100 matt says because we can make girly count SSJ 100 man our charm
says because people can't get First Life sex that's fine I guess well on to a little bit
more serious note and something not often talked about would be the good side of gaming
you know we hear about all these laws and all these you know sex-crazed pervs ruining
games well there's some good news about the good of gaming that's going on and it's actually
thanks to Wii Sports the Sister Kenny Rehabilitation Institute at Minneapolis's Abbott Northwestern
Hospital actually aids patients who suffered from strokes by letting them play Wii Sports
that's right it's kind of a little bit of their rehab program kind of interesting coordination
there's actually an article that was ran in a local paper called the Star Tribune that
talks about the we have a program and even has a picture of a guy they're playing Wii
Sports so kind of cool there and let's see you a quote here from one of the patients
quote I'm not a video game player this is the only one I've ever played because of the
interaction of the game I get the physical sensation of playing tennis it really works
it can fool me into thinking that I'm doing what's happening on the screen kind of cool
so that's cool that's why we play games to so we won't get strokes I mean I don't I play
games because they're fun I don't well but it's both simulation games anyway well I'm
glad to see the games being used for good and reporting on you know some of the good
stuff about games so there you go of course I don't know I if these patients are like
me they're gonna get bored of Wii Sports in a day or so but maybe I'm just jaded I think
it's more fun if you've got people there with you true at any rate though for those who
were are into simulations speaking of that type of thing well not really it's rock band
I mean hey a price point is released of $199 and if you have an Xbox 360 guess what no
wireless screwed who cares wireless is kind of overrated wires are long wires can be extended
wrap up the wires stop being so lazy it's wireless really that big a deal maybe I guess
I don't think so especially if you've got the drum hooked up with the wires and a microphone
hooked up with the wires and you're gonna have a tripping hazard all right I'll give
you that the only issue that this game is going to have with that is not everyone's
going to have a USB port hub and what you're going to try to play for players you like
were the other USB port so you know that's the only issue that this will have but the
reason why I think they're not doing wireless is because you know to license the wireless
you know technology patent or whatever from Microsoft Microsoft just give them a buy on
it for this it caught well look at guitar hero I mean their guitars are ten dollars
more for the wireless so I don't know not a big deal though but it is pretty cool if
you don't want to get the $199 bundle though with it you can actually buy the game by itself
and then all the guitars and stuff will be sold separately at a certain retailers out
there because you can use a guitar here controller on it right yeah I think so so if I already
have guitar hero two then I'm pretty much and I'm not really interested in the drums
honestly I just want to play online with friends and I can use a guitar and I'll do the vocals
oh I'm getting the set same I know it's stupid because I hate guitar hero you won't play
it past a day I give it a day that you're gonna play it and that's it I'm getting I'm
of course gonna get the set now you might give it two days no we still play guitar hero
at my house you you damn time you and Dan will have fun with that because Dan likes
to play guitar right he brings his buddies over yeah and of course that's when I go hide
because you know they all get extra manly around each other well that's the thing I
just I won't buy the game because I'll just go over to Loki's house to play it or your
house come to my house well if all we still need to play Super Metroid Rob oh we sure
do let's do that um soon Wednesday no yeah Wednesday maybe Wednesday I don't think though
the show will be back this week we'll do it live on air yeah that'll be the Wednesday
show from Metroid Rob and Jamie play Super Metroid on air that actually might be kind
of a fun show we should actually make that like a regular show like Rob and Jamie play
something on air and today we have the Atari 5200 we're playing kicks but because it's
the Atari 5200 none of the controllers work yeah we could run it through the camera thing
I'll have to show you later like we put a camera on the TV and do it that way let's
do that I think we can show OMG OMG all right anyhow sorry we're gonna open up the Skype
line very soon but we got one more story for you guys before we do that and of course when
the Skype line is open you can give us a call to talk to us our username on Skype is orange
lounge radio or you can actually call us on the real phone 1-877-GAME-OLR anyway so Circuit
City isn't too happy with CheapAssGamer because of course as you'll remember one of their
forum posters by the name of Speedy1961 had leaked the ads from Circuit City to the website
and of course that revealed the price drop information for the Playstation 3 and none
were too happy about that so they've actually subpoenaed CheapAssGamer to try to find out
who the real identity of Speedy1961 is but of course CheapAssGamer is going to be fighting
this because they want to protect the rights of their posters so it should be interesting
RasteelUT says looks like an employee is going to get his ass fired I don't know if it's
an employee of any one of those because I think they also had Best Buy and other types
of ads leaked as well Rob D says we got to fight for our right to
ad scan well I mean what do you guys think do you think they have the right to be putting
out the subpoena out there or do you think maybe if they wanted to protect the information
they shouldn't have kind of leaked it in the first place both I think well I don't know
if they have I mean granted it's you know stuff that's not supposed to be out there
so they have the right to protect that but at the same time you know they should be more
careful with you know information getting leaked maybe have more of these people signing
you know non-disclosure agreements and stuff like that I don't know if there's any if they
are smart there should be some sort of policy you know regarding this if it is an employee
that's you know doing that and they should be able to take proper action based on that
policy if they don't have a policy in place for that then well you know you kind of setting
yourself up for trouble all right well you guys can call right now and give us your opinion
because the skype line is open again our username on skype is orange lounge radio or our 800
number is 1-877-GAME-OLR skype line is open and we're taking calls so we'll go ahead and
go to the first call at least we're going to try to go to the first call here I hate
this new skype version I hate it so much hi you're on orange launch radio who's this raven
dolphin how are you tonight hi fine thank you ravens dolphin what's on your mind two
things on my mind the bioshock demo is up on xbox live oh I heard somebody say that
in the chat room during the show the last minute story but yeah all right well that's
all right well what what have you looked at it yet have you looked at it yet I'm downloading
it it's like at a crawl because it's like you know well I'm sure it's like omg yeah
probably everybody's trying to get it right now all right well uh well thank you for the
heads up so we can get even more people on there to download it and slow down the network
even more brilliant idea I'm sorry I'm sorry for ruining Loki's thunder but I have a drink
review for you okay uh the new game fuel the new game fuel thing I actually got my hands
and drank some of it I have never even heard of game feel what the hell is this thing for
halo 3 oh god all right how is it uh do you like citrus cherry I'm not sure I like cherry
7-up I like citrus and I like cherries I don't know why I wouldn't then you're probably gonna
like this it's like it's like this kind of like imagine pepsi I know that sounds a little
wrong because it's mountain dew imagine pepsi and citrus cherry kind of had sex with each
other and you get this kind of bastardation well I thought it was like live wire and code
red mixed together no oh no it's I thought it was going to be that way too but it's not
oh no hmm well it's not does it make you any better at halo is there anything else you
want to share with the scholars tonight ravens dolphin one more thing is of course do you
think we're going to get tired like it seems like right now we have the killtros city of
halo three things coming out we have this drink we have you know Burger King getting
the act like what else are we gonna see are we gonna see like halo 3 Bob underwear we're
gonna see like halo 3 clocks what the hell are we gonna see halo 3 underwear I might
check that out that might be kind of fun um you know what you're probably just going to
see everything I don't know about underwear but probably everything else certainly I Underoos
Halloween costumes. Oh, I don't know about that. I want Master Chief Underroos.
She'll wear them around the house.
Let me end on one thing and say I hate them.
I've seen entire angels. Wish she was dancing in her Underoos.
No, I don't know you probably some of the other stuff you mentioned though is certainly a possibility clocks, watches,
Figurines, books, other collectibles, you name it. It'll be there. Now the chat room is just going crazy.
Son of Dad says Halo 3 condoms. Tiger Claw says Halo 3 the cereal box.
Oh Bandit says Halo underwear for those who need extra man cannon support. There you go.
Let me end with this note. I hate the MacBook Pro. Thank you.
Alright, you're welcome. Have a good one buddy. Thanks for calling.
YouTube. Bye.
Alright, let's go to another call here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Again, if you want to give us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
And unfortunately only one call can come through at a time or everything kind of gets screwed up here.
So we're going to another call.
Man, I can't handle this. This Skype needs to be changed.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Um...
Hello?
Yeah.
Hi, hello. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Nah, it's Legend of Zaku. Just seeing, you know, since I was trying to get through it and everything.
That's alright. What's on your mind buddy?
Uh, nothing. Just trying to struggle through disappointments over the weekend.
In particular, Supernova 2, which has been crapping out in Jersey Gardens.
I've heard that there's another location test for DDR Supernova 2. What's the deal?
It was the same place where they had the second Supernova location.
You know, they had another Supernova location test last year.
Anyways, what I've been able to gather from all the folks around my area that actually went to the location test on Thursday.
There were brand new Paranoias discovered. In particular, Paranoia Hades. Just started shaping up to become a really good 9-footer.
I'm trying to dig up the information right now. We have crossovers in the form of Bloody Tears.
You know, that Castlevania song from Distorted actually now making its appearance in DDR.
I'm trying to see what else. I know it was a whole bunch of videos, but I'll post it right now in the chat.
Wait, so you actually got to play the test. You went out to Jersey to play the test. Hello?
Not really. Because, you know, it was working up until Thursday and then Friday was just crapping out ever since.
Saturday it managed to get up, but then it started crashing after just scrolling through songs.
When I showed up today, it was still back to Supernova.
I see. A band that says if you just type Supernova 2 into YouTube, you can get a bunch of stuff.
It is a test machine, Zaku. It's not going to work perfectly, right?
Right. I assume they had a bad upgrade kit for all intents and purposes.
They're probably going to straighten those issues out. It could be hardware related.
Let me try to keep this constructive. Zaku, what would be the one thing you would want to see Konami do with Supernova 2?
Well, I know they probably won't be able to do this. Memory card slots, which is damn near impossible at this point.
EMUs would be nice. Just follow through on it. Make it offline in addition to online versions.
Just so they could get more arcades to adopt it for those that don't have the money or don't have the means of actually getting an internet connection.
All right. Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight, Zaku?
That's pretty much it. Hopefully, if that thing gets back up, try to get some more info.
But as far as it goes, there are brand new 10-footers showing up, especially from the videos. Especially in the only course boss rush.
So it certainly gives something to keep people busy, huh?
So far, it's been positive. We're just trying to get through the issues that are holding the test room happier further.
All right. Well, Zaku, we're going to let you go so we can take more calls. Thank you very much for your call. We appreciate it.
How's it going? Again, if you want to call us, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
GS68.
Hi, GS68. What's on your mind, buddy?
Finally got to play Maximum Tune 3.
Oh, what'd you think?
Pretty awesome. Especially like the new Ghost Battle mode where you raise someone's ghost and then after that your ghost gets created.
And then after that the machine creates a ghost of your driving.
Now, out of curiosity, did you play this on the PlayStation or did you play this on the arcade?
I'm talking about the arcade one.
I think the PlayStation 3 one is based off an older game or something. But you played the PlayStation 3 one. What'd you think?
I didn't get it, but again, I can't read Japanese, but I didn't get any sense of what the hell was going on.
I mean, obviously there was racing, but I had no idea what the hell was going on. I mean, that's the downside about importing Japanese games.
You don't speak the language. I mean, duh, you're not going to understand the game.
The one thing I noticed, I thought the music in the thing I was listening to sucked. I didn't think the music was that great.
You mean the one in Maximum Tune 3?
Yeah, how is the music in Maximum Tune 3 GS68 in the arcades?
That's some pretty good stuff.
Does it sound like Yuzo Koshiro did it again? Is it the same stuff from Maximum Tune 2?
Yeah, I've already got a few favorites.
Oh, cool. Well, then that's a good sign. I don't know what the hell's wrong with the PlayStation 1 then.
Maybe you just haven't played far enough into it or we're just not understanding what the hell we're doing. I don't know.
But it didn't look like that much fun.
I'm thinking about reselling on eBay.
We'll see. Well, certainly I will check out the arcade one if they get in an arcade near us. Maybe I'll change my mind.
Or hopefully the PlayStation 1 will come out here eventually. So we'll see.
Is it really popular? I mean, are there long lines to play it? Because the racing games seem to still draw crowds at the arcades.
Well, I've played it both at Cityville Golf and Mepitas Golf, and there's about four or five people waiting on each machine.
Wow. For this day and age, that's still a long wait. That's a popular game.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners? GS68.
No.
I will definitely check out Maximum Tune 3 when I get a chance and let you know. Like the arcade version.
I'm not going to base it off a Japanese game I can't understand.
All right.
All right. Take care, buddy.
You too.
All right. Bye-bye.
All right. We've got enough time for about one more call here. If you want to give us a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our user name on Skype is Orangelaunchradio.
But we have another call. Let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orangelaunchradio. Who's this?
Hi, you are on Orangelaunchradio. Is somebody there? Can you hear me? Hello?
It's a celebrity. It's Airman.
Hello, this is Chris Alp, where you can pre-order Madden OA and Halo 3. How can I help you?
Hi. Oh, there you are.
Hi, GameStop, where we can pre-order. I want to pre-order Halo 6. Will you take that for me?
No, it's actually the Rob D. How's it going, guys?
Oh, good. How about you, Rob D?
Not too shabby. I was actually curious. With this Halo Mountain Dew, which I actually did go out and purchase during the break, by the way, because someone described it as a cross between Code Red and regular Mountain Dew, and I love Code Red, but that's a different story altogether.
Is it good?
I actually like it. It's kind of like a Pepsi or Mountain Dew version of, I guess, Sprite, Tropical Remix, if you remember that from a few years ago.
Yeah, where the hell are you all getting this at? Like 7-Eleven?
What was that? I got it from the local market, actually.
Oh, huh. I'll have to look for it while I'm out next.
Wait, am I really going to buy a drink just because there's some remote game thing in it? You know what, no.
I won't buy it because it's not sugar-free.
I'm not going to buy it. Fuck this drink. I don't care what it tastes like.
Hey, you bought the blue Pepsi, okay? Come on, you'll buy anything.
That's true. That Pepsi Blue was some nasty, nasty shit.
But, Rob, we remember Crystal Pepsi.
Oh, Crystal Pepsi was lovely. All right, anyway, sorry, Rob D., your thoughts?
But I was curious, what licensing agreement between games and some other product would you like to see?
I mean, I think that Nintendo's missing a huge thing with not doing, say, a Mario pasta thing, like, hey, it's a Mario Mastachioli.
You know, I thought that they had a Mario pasta at one time. I swear to God.
Didn't they have the Nintendo Breakfast Entertainment System?
No, bring back the cereal.
They did have Mario pasta. I remember they had that because there was, like, a little Yoshi shape.
It was like Nintendo mac and cheese or something.
And to tell Dark Tetsuya Hello Kitty 2DX, it was the Hello Kitty Dreamcast and the Hello Kitty PlayStation 2.
Gosh, what video game tie-ins would you like to see?
I want to see Burger Time 2 with the Foreman Grill.
How about, like, Night Trap 90s? Digital Pictures would still be around if that existed.
You could have, like, PS2 FMV games. Oh.
Night Trap 90s? What?
Yeah, but Dana Plato's not with us anymore to model them.
I do like the Halo 3 Underoos. That's pretty awesome.
From the grave.
Exactly.
That's all kinds of weird.
They're all about the necrophilia tonight.
This is random.
Let's see. I'm opening up to the chat room to see what the chat room thinks.
Son of Dad says, Nintendo Wii Sports Bowling Shoes.
GS68 says, Halo Racing Game with Warthogs, Ghosts, and Pontiac Grand Amps.
A reference to something in the last game.
We need your mom, the game.
Jvmon says, Mario Spaghetti from Chef Boyardee.
How about Chef Mario?
Give me that.
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm drawing a blank.
I'll have to think about that one. Maybe that's a future list list in our future. I don't know.
There you go.
I have one more question for you guys.
Of course. What's up? One more thing.
Nah, not going there.
Have you guys heard the news about how 3D Realms supposedly wants to port Duke Nukem 3D over to Xbox Live Arcade?
Stop ruining my last minute stories, dammit!
The callers are ruining your last minute stories tonight.
No, that's great. Yes, I did read that story, even if Loki was going to read it later.
This is totally good radio, but I was going to show you. See, they did have it at one time.
Here's a commercial for Super Mario Bros. Craft and Macaroni and Cheese.
I want that.
How come my mom didn't buy me that when I was a kid?
I actually remember that because they had tips for Super Mario Land 2 on the back.
That's how I found out about the space world.
You know what I fucking hate, though, is the macaroni and cheese that's made out of the powder.
That shit is so nasty.
The bunny ones are good.
I like that if I'm going to make mac and cheese, I have to use that more creamy cheese sauce because the powder is nasty.
Anyway, sorry. That was horrible radio.
And I even forgot what your second question was.
I didn't actually get to it yet. I was wondering if you had read the story.
I was wondering what other old PC games would you like to see ported to Xbox Live Arcade?
I've been clamoring for X-Wing for a long time. I would love multiplayer X-Wing on Xbox Live Arcade.
But is there anything else?
Okay, we've got Loom. Put Loom on the list. We got it. Check. Understood. Yes, ma'am.
Loom was great.
Really?
Loom, mac and cheese.
No, I went and bought a copy of Loom like a year ago on eBay just because I wanted it badly and I can't play it.
There's your branding. A Loom branded Loom. Wouldn't that be wonderful?
What's this made out of, Rob?
I don't know. Glass.
Let's see. The ferret's in a box where it belongs.
No!
What other old, besides Civilization, just because that's my favorite PC game of all time.
Descent. Completely redone.
Descent. That would be kind of cool.
Like, I'm trying to think of games that would make good multiplayer games.
Descent.
I remember that from my younger days.
Modem Wars. Redneck Rampage.
Yeah!
Carmageddon.
I went Jess Jackrabbit or Commander Keen. Anyone else play those?
What? Commander Keen?
Commander Keen, yeah.
Or Jess Jackrabbit?
I think Jess Jackrabbit.
Was Jill of the Jungle? Hell yeah.
Or ZZT while we're at it, although I don't think that would really work.
ZZT.
That wouldn't work on Xbox 360, I don't think.
We need Gemstone!
ZZT for the win.
How's that for your MMO?
You actually played ZZT? It's been years since I played that game.
We need, like, the old text-based MMOs.
Yes, I went Zork on Xbox Live Arcade.
You saw the page that's a 404 error that's Zork, right?
Yeah, I've seen that. That's great.
Enter room. You can't enter room.
Did you ever play the Crimson Room game?
Mm-mm.
It was, um, it's a Flash game.
They need those type of games on Xbox Live Arcade.
How about Oregon Trail on Xbox Live Arcade?
There's number munchers for that.
That'd be pretty rad.
We were talking about Oregon Trail, Rob.
At, um, at Pina Gogo. Not Pina Gogo, that's the old one.
At California Extreme.
Yeah?
It was me and Julie and Dan and Mel and Melody at the Ben and Jerry's.
Talking about Oregon Trail and all those.
And, um, we were talking about our favorite old games.
Reliving Diphtheria over and over again.
I was like, dude, Where in Time is Carmen Sandiego?
There you go. There's another great Xbox Live potential. I don't know.
Where in Time, specifically.
Now we're just naming random shit.
No, I'm not. I'm serious. I want that game again.
I was good at it, too.
Well, Rob D., let me ask you. Oh, thank you.
Shadow Charlie in chat says Heretic. Yes, we need that game.
Monkeys Island. No, we just need Hexen.
Rob D., what would you want?
X-Wing and X-Wing Commander Keen and, well, actually, just X-Wing and Jazz Jack
would be the two that I could think of.
Just because those had multiplayer in there already
that would translate perfectly to Xbox Live or Cade.
How about One Must Fall?
Phantasmagoria.
Can you do?
No, seriously, Phantasmagoria.
Phantasmagoria was huge. It was like seven CDs, wasn't it?
It could fit.
It's old now.
Well, Rob D., thank you for the conversation about good PC gaming retro goodness.
We've got to let you go and wrap up the show.
No problem. See you guys later.
All right, take care, buddy. Bye-bye.
All right, well, that's going to do it for tonight's Skype line.
Thanks so much to those that called in
and sorry to those that didn't get through,
but if we took any more calls, then Loki's last-minute stories might get spoiled.
So, Loki, if you have any last-minute stories, please, now's the time.
Anyways, let's see.
Duke Nuke with 3D is waiting for the Microsoft's Xbox Live arcade go-ahead,
so I'm going to remove that.
Okay, and BioShock on the marketplace. Bye-bye.
Let's see here. Oh, yeah.
There is apparently a TIFF exploit now in the PlayStation 3 firmware, 1.81,
and they've gotten apparently a backup of a PlayStation 1 game to run on it.
Yay.
What game?
I don't know.
And then also a Hello World little demo thing.
Sorry, it was Crash Bandicoot Crash Party.
Therefore, this thing has no usefulness whatsoever
because nobody wants to play that fucking game.
It was Pandemonium.
Pandemonium.
It was Devil Ties. Enjoy.
And then I'm going to say this heavily erring on the rumor aspect,
but apparently some random GameStop employee said,
Hey, there's going to be an Xbox 360 Ultimate with an HDMI port and HD DVD drive
because if he's saying it, oh, it's got to be true.
It must be true.
Why is that even being reported on the site anywhere?
Because this one website likes to report complete rumor stories like that.
Then again, we ran the Sega list, but only because somebody submitted it.
And because I wanted it to be true.
Yeah, we just wanted it to be true.
All right, anyhow, I have one other last minute story here
coming out of Anderson, South Carolina.
Thanks, TigerClaw, for sending me the link because I think this is all kinds of funny.
This actually happened at a Toys R Us.
There was a 13-year-old PlayStation hater at the store.
Unfortunately, we don't know his name because of those laws that protect children.
But what he did, he used a permanent black marker to write,
PS3 sucks on 23 plastic security cases used to protect Sony PlayStation games from being stolen.
Of course, the Toys R Us employees caught him.
He was held until police arrived.
His parents were not able to be reached, so he was taken to child services.
When he was asked why he did it by the police, he said, quote,
I have an Xbox and I hate PlayStation.
I found the marker lying on the shelf and I guess I was bored. Sorry.
That's fantastic.
I guess I was bored.
I find it even better they couldn't find the stupid parents.
He was completely unsupervised.
Well, they were off doing crack, of course.
And poorly raised.
They were off, you know, doing crack.
They should be spayed and neutered.
Remember, spay and neuter your humans.
Did you check the Olive Garden?
All right.
That's it.
Do you have anything, Loki?
No, but I wanted to see some of the stuff for Supernova 2.
I guess I'll have to get the PlayStation 2 game.
Key word is get.
DJ Kipples and Bits says, I guess he didn't have enough games to play on his 360.
Damn the summer game drought.
No, no, you're heaven mistaken with the PlayStation 3.
Or the Wii.
Christ.
Well, there's plenty of games on the Wii.
It's just none of them are any good.
By the way, and I don't know how this story did not make tonight's show roll,
but I swear to God I saw a story on it somewhere.
Dark Soccer, they have officially announced they're making a Cooking Mama 2.
Squeeze.
Oh, that's right, because I didn't care.
That's why I wasn't on the show roll, because I was like, oh, Cooking Mama 2.
Don't care.
I still need to borrow yours, Rob, on the Wii.
I ain't playing it.
Yeah, Cooking Mama 2 in early 2008.
505 Games has entered into agreement with Cooking Mama Limited
to deliver Cooking Mama 2 for the DS and the Wii across Europe in early 2008.
So I imagine it's just a matter of time.
I want it to be like a story-based game where, like,
you know, Cooking Mama's relative accidentally murders somebody
and they have to dispose of the body in, you know, creative culinary ways.
I think that would be pretty cool.
Mama will fix it.
You know, Cooking Mama, I don't know.
Cooking Mama Massacre.
Mafia.
Cooking Mama Vice City.
Cooking Mama Mafia Story.
No, it's Murdering Mama.
Mama Fix Everything.
Cooking Mama Soylent Green.
It's people.
No.
All right.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought
because we're about to wrap up the show.
So final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is game publishers are coming out in a few weeks
and that makes me happy.
And my final thought is I still hate macaroni and cheese
with the powdered cheese.
I love the powdered cheese.
Cheese should not be in powder form.
That's disgusting.
Dark Soccer, your final thought.
That was it?
Freaking cookies.
Cookies are great.
You know, I have more cookie dough.
I should make more cookies.
Let's just eat the cookie dough, Rob.
No, that's disgusting.
No, it's not.
It's great.
You can get sick because of the raw eggs.
You know what?
What?
That's really an old wives' tale
because I used to work at a cookie place
and I used to take home the cookie dough.
Just because you didn't get sick does not mean you can't get sick.
I know.
I have special not getting sick from cookie dough powder.
Special butter and sugar mix that protects you from the salmonella.
It lines your stomach.
Leave it to me to be the first person to die from eating cookie dough.
All right.
We're going to wrap it up, you guys, and call it a week.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and tuning into our podcast
and supporting Independent Radio.
We really appreciate it.
You guys are awesome.
Until next time, we'll see you here on Orange Lounge Radio next week
with episode number 243.
See you then.
