Orange Lounge Radio
Digital Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, QuakeCon winds down, but not without having unleashed information and a truly appetite wedding trailer for Doom Eternal.
This is just one story and a week's worth of gaming news.
Stay tuned for this and so much more starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back.
It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode number 741 for this, August the 12th of 2018.
I am Rob Roberts or MrRobRoberts on Twitter and joining me is TechmasterLoki.
How are you, Loki?
I'm good. I'm full of breadsticks.
And I heard you were mentioning before the show you actually got to play some games.
I did play games this week.
Good. We'll get into that in our gaming weeks in a little bit.
And I mentioned to you off air, I went to the movies finally.
Because you know I never get out to the movies. Never ever.
But I was finally able to go see Mamma Mia 2.
And I had to drive all the way to San Jose to find somebody to see it with me.
So there you go. I got to see Mamma Mia.
And yes, Cher steals the entire movie.
I know you were dying to know, Loki, but there it is.
That's my review.
So that's what's going on?
Yes. Yes.
Alright, anyway.
You might notice at the beginning of the show I did not introduce Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Because she's been introduced enough times and we just said forget it.
Stop it.
So here's what's up.
She's actually going to be out of the show for a little while.
Everything is fine. Everything is totally fine.
It's a work conflict, actually.
So that part really sucks.
But obviously we have to do what we have to do to pay the bills and to live our personal lives.
So as you guys, I mean she's alluded to this a couple times on the show.
She has some changes going on at work and she's kind of doing some new things.
Well they did a little schedule thing and she's going to have to work Sundays.
So that sucks.
And the part that really sucks is that as far as I know, we're stuck that way until February.
So it's going to be a few months.
It's going to be Halo Classic Game of the Week.
You think? No. Here's the thing though.
Thanks to Radio Magic. We've been here before, believe it or not.
Even though people may be like, oh you know.
And it does suck. I'm not going to belittle that point.
But I have to move forward.
The show must go on as they say.
So you might remember this happened a couple years ago.
Something similar happened.
And so we used Radio Magic to get her here every week to do the Classic Game of the Week.
We'll do the same tonight and we'll continue to do that and continue to get her insight.
And if you still want to email her questions and things like that, you can.
Also, I'm told she is going to try to make it one show a month at the end of the month every month.
Because this whole conflict is affecting her charity stuff she does with Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence.
Which she's talked about on the show. She's very big on them.
The problem is, they also meet on Sundays.
So this whole thing with Sundays is a really bad personal thing for her.
And again, you gotta do what you gotta do for work sometimes.
So I think she said she's going to try to do one show a month where she can go do her meeting and then come here.
So it's not like she's gone, gone, gone.
But it is just going to be for a little while.
Loki and I holding down the fort in studio.
Although I do hope to invite some of our familiar faces back.
And some new ones too over the coming weeks.
Not that Dark Sakura's presence can possibly be filled.
But we will do what we can to at least diversify the opinions here in studio.
Beyond just Loki and myself.
One way of course that we always diversify the opinions every week is you guys in our chat room.
Over at live.vognetwork.com.
Where you guys join us live on Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Again our chat at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, damn hope Jamie can phone in every once in a while.
Well certainly I will definitely take her calls as a priority.
I think she's working during the show so she can't even listen sadly.
But remember thanks to Radio Magic we can still have Jamie here for a little bit on the show every week.
SSJ100Matt is also asking in chat. Kind of changing things a little bit here.
San Jose is near MagWest was this weekend. Were you able to stop by Rob?
Sadly my answer is no.
And the double part about that that's kind of sad is because as I mentioned I was in San Jose yesterday.
I went out there to visit my friends had a baby a couple months ago.
And not to get too into personal details but the mom had some like medical issues after.
Everybody's fine everything's fine but she couldn't have visitors for a couple months.
So I finally got to go out there to see the baby.
And so I that was kind of the priority over and then we went to the movie together.
That's who I would see the movie with and you know it was a little bit kind of time between us.
And that was kind of the priority.
I did consider going by MagWest after but the reality is it takes me two hours to drive to San Jose.
So driven over that morning and then it was like I was already on my watch going it's gonna be nine o'clock before I get back.
And that's assuming I don't go to MagWest at all.
And I was getting text updates from friends that were there that were like oh they have keyboard mania.
You know I haven't played one of those machines forever.
But long story short I just didn't get over there due to personal stuff.
And I kind of had a headache coming on towards the end of the day anyway.
So I was just like you know what I need to just drive home and make sure I can feed Mr. Smoosh.
Because Alan's been out all weekend actually Alan went camping this weekend.
So yeah it's been like a crazy weekend all over the board.
But sadly no I wasn't able to get to MagWest and that's now two years in a row.
I'm hoping next year I'll have better luck.
Hopefully well next year part of also why this happened when it did is that I actually probably could have done this trip sooner.
But I had Clue and all those rehearsals that were taken like six weeks up to that.
So I couldn't get out there like before now.
So that also got in the way.
So that probably I mean I say it got in the way but I love doing that show and that experience.
But that will all not be a factor next year.
So I'm really really hoping there'll be a third year.
Hopefully me not attending does not get the whole con cancelled.
I would love to go too.
I'd love to go next year so that'll be good.
Yeah S.G.O. 100 Matt in chat says understood Rob you got to see the baby.
Yes I do. Yes I do.
And it was it was totally worth it.
Y.Y.R. in chat is asking about Jamie's absence here.
Last time Jamie was out for an extended period she knew in advance was this kind of dropped on her.
Difficult for me to answer.
I would have to defer to her.
I think she knew there was a schedule change in the works.
But she had a pretty good feeling she'd be able to get Sundays off.
And I think the fact that she couldn't did kind of surprise her.
That is my sort of perception based on what I've heard of what happened there.
But I do know for what she does at her J job again I'm not going to get into all her business that's her stuff to explain.
But for what she does her J job actually this change is a really good thing as to like what she's doing now.
So it's just a bummer that the side effect is.
But it's going to kind of put her back on the seniority so she's not or she's having to work Sundays which that part kind of sucks.
So anyway S.S.J. 100 Matt talking about Magfest the main music and games festival back east.
Magfest is going to be a free for all mess again.
You know the jury's out on if I want to try for Magfest this year which sucks because I really need to kind of figure that out fast.
Because I know the tickets in the hotels especially are going to be crazy pretty soon here.
But jury's still out on the Magfest Prime just because between Dragon Con coming up in a few weeks.
I can't believe Dragon Con is only like three weeks away.
And then I'm doing Final Fantasy Fan Fest again.
I don't know if I have the time off available.
Speaking of day jobs I don't know if I have the time off available to do Magfest.
But if it all works out I would love to do it.
That's for sure for sure.
Anyway let's get into our kickoff topic tonight.
We're talking about a lot of personal stuff but let's get into some gaming discussion.
So this is an interesting this isn't about this time like why why now.
This is like a business element.
Yeah this is a weird timing thing.
All right Logan just get into it.
This whole thing is kind of weird.
So there was a guy by the name of Ryan Hupp who was selling a copy of The Evil Within 2 on Amazon.
Now it was a new copy because he hadn't unsealed it yet.
Basically he had purchased a copy for the PlayStation 4 but ended up instead of using money to buy a PlayStation 4 he spent it on upgrading his PC so he didn't need a PlayStation 4 copy of the game.
So he went and sold it or trying to sell it on Amazon which people do.
So Bethesda as a legal firm Boris had sent a letter to him threatening legal action for noncompliance basically saying that he is an unauthorized seller and it was unlawful for him to be selling that game.
And you know to which you know of course there's the first sale doctrine which allows you to do that.
This law firm apparently though is they like to take action against the first sale doctrine because they even have like a page on their site talking about how they get around that which it doesn't make any sense.
Their reasoning for it was well it wasn't protected by the first sale doctrine because basically it wasn't in its original form which would include a warranty.
Which my thought is where the fuck are these games coming with warranties from because I know if I purchase a game from GameStop or something like that that's sealed.
How's that any different than purchase it from somebody else that's sealed. Where's my warranty difference. Is it that I can take it back to GameStop if it doesn't work.
I mean I think so actually like I think it's all in fine print but I think like in the in the back of boxes or something it doesn't talk about like a manufacturer warranty sometimes I mean it's one of those things.
Granted I hardly ever pay attention to question I don't know if they're necessarily going to question you know where you know you purchase it from maybe they would need a receipt or something like that to do the warranty on it.
Okay I see it. Hold on. So I actually I just happen to have in studio a copy of Rise of the Tomb Raider on Xbox One. Don't ask it was here in studio and sure enough if you take the discount you read the back limited warranty for your copy of Xbox game software in the United States and Canada.
So it says it's covered by this warranty within the 90 day period blah blah blah free of charge according to the process identified below.
Warranty claims should be made to your retailer. Return the and I can't read it because the little disk nub is in the way but some I'm assuming is return the game to your retailer along with a copy of the original sales receipt and an explanation of the difficulty you're experiencing with the game.
The retailer will either repair or replace the game. Any replacement game will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or 30 days from receipt whichever is longer blah blah blah blah blah.
So so I mean to be fair yes when you buy a game there is a warranty you probably don't. It's such fine print it's sitting there behind the desk who's reading they're full of shit then if that's the case because there still is a warranty through Amazon.
Because if you get a game that's effective and you file a claim through Amazon and you say hey this game is effective then the seller has to give you the money back or you have to ship it off to them or whatever the case may be so you do have coverage there.
But it's whatever the case would be normally what it's supposed to be is that as long as it's not basically the limitations on it is that it's completely changed from its original form like you know because they sell.
So so and Bobby says some comments here in our chat at live dog network dot com that I sort of he kind of simplifies it here he could sell it pre-owned since he owned it.
Your receipt is your warranty but the first warranty was between the seller and the original retail retailer.
So in other words even if it was sealed even if you never opened it this person that ends up buying it doesn't end up buying it as new because they would not be able to.
I mean if the disc is defective or something like that they are up shit creek they can't use the original receipt because there is no receipt in this type of transaction.
Now I just want to state I don't necessarily agree with this whole thing I think that's why I kind of said this is whole right this is weird.
And the reason why it's weird this is like a dude on eBay like what's what's the big fucking deal it's a dude on eBay like it does it does he sell five thousand of these games like to see how he's selling one.
Yeah see that's that's the thing like why like is Bethesda going to patrol garage sales across America like here here's here's why I'm kind of going like.
I used to sell sealed games all the fucking time because we would get like promotional copies which were just actual retail games and I would get like maybe three or four copies of a game.
What am I going to do with that. I could give them the friends that I had sometimes but I'd sell them turn the profit. Why not. Right. And I didn't ever well email from.
Well you know there is a why not is that because part of the terms of the promotion is that you're really not supposed to be able to.
But that was a long no it was a long time ago. It was promotional as in it was it was people working for these companies that had they get free copies or extra copies and they're like here I don't want this crap.
You take this. Yeah I'm sure if we wanted to dig into the legalese of it though we can find a problem with it. But I it was a long time ago doesn't matter. Here's the thing though. OK. Yeah I went to and I remember this is a while ago I went to the denials auction out in Roseville.
You know the big flea market thing. And so this was when they used to have the place across the street also auction town or whatever it's called. This is a while ago but long story short there was a video game booth there that's always there in this video game booth had all these games.
And one of the things they sold that they had for sale was a shrink wrapped copy of clue on the Super Nintendo. And I was like fuck yeah clue on the Super Nintendo like you know I which is ironic because I know I just talked about the movie not that long ago but I guess I've just always kind of liked clue in general and the whole you know fun murder mystery stuff.
But I actually did kind of enjoy the Super Nintendo clue game which was also on the Genesis. Remember that needs to be a classic game of the week some week because it was it was very different from the board game. Anyway I wanted to get a copy of a clue on the Super Nintendo shrink wrap.
I was like oh there was nothing that said it was new or anything like that. But I was like well that's kind of cool that it's still shrink wrapped. But I didn't think much of it. I was just like whatever you know in my mind I actually was kind of like new or not.
Those Super Nintendo cartridges are fucking rocks. This game is still going to work right. So anyway I bought it brought it home opened it up. I ended up putting it in there and as I'm looking through the instruction manual the back of the manual already has stuff written in it.
So my point is I bought a shrink wrap version of clue that was there to like be passed off as new and so forth. To be fair they didn't advertise this new. But it was you know it's certainly being re shrink wrapped made you think that or whatever.
But it was a resealed used copy is what it was. Now in my opinion if Bethesda wants to pick a fight those types of you know retailers that are selling lots and lots of them should be where they're picking their file.
They can't though because people there are people that you can't I don't even know how they're able to pick the fight like that because there's distributors I used to work for a distributor.
We sell copies of games to other companies like a person that may work in you know have a shop in denial or whatever but they're brand new copies. So there is no like oh you have to sign a form to be a special reseller of this stuff.
There was nothing like that. So all of this is horseshit from their lawyers. It's all horseshit. Good luck taking that to the court and actually arguing that first sale doctrine thing. See how that works out for you.
Now granted they're going to strong arm somebody because it's one copy. He's like fuck it. I don't care. It's just one fucking copy of a game. You know fine. I won't sell it as brand new sealed.
Does Bethesda has something to gain from this because this sure looks it. But this has got to be all their legal company. They're contracted organization like these legal things. And here's what Bethesda said about it too. They're like you know unless you remove all Bethesda products from your store for it or was this.
No that wasn't. Oh here we go. But that does not and will not block the sale of pre-owned games. The issue in this case is that the seller offered a pre-owned game as new on the Amazon marketplace.
We do not allow off non authorized resellers to represent what they sell is new because we can't verify that the game hasn't been opened and repackage. Oh wait it was an eBay it was Amazon.
Yeah it was on Amazon. Oh I thought it was eBay this whole time. You can do the same thing though on eBay. I Amazon you can offer your items like you have. No I know I know the difference. I know there's the whole like there's plenty of shit on Amazon that instead of saying sold and shipped by Amazon dot com it says sold and shipped by you know Joe Schmo gaming company or something.
But that is that does throw an interesting monkey wrench in the whole thing. It doesn't it doesn't any I said again here's the thing again I don't agree with going after one dude or whatever but Amazon is a store front.
The guy is I'm sorry. How should I describe my game. You know I have a copy here. It's brand new in the box and it's still on it and never and sealed.
But and I open now I'm the price bought and never opened. I just told you how to describe it by never open. It's fucking stupid. But why over we wouldn't have got sued if he called it bought never open.
This is stupid. These. I mean why. Why are you wasting time. I don't disagree that it's stupid but at the same time like it's kind of like one of those like from a legal standpoint I get it.
But is it worth it. No that is that is kind of like where my head's at right now. OK well let's just let him get away with it. Like they got away with charging for mods too. Let's never forget.
Here's other fucking platform Loki. They're not getting away with it because we're not the only podcast sitting here this week. There's not the only gaming but I understand.
Defending them and say well they were within the right. No fuck them. You know what. Fuck them. They're a big fucking company doesn't patch the fucking games. They can just they can fucking.
What is OK. What is wrong. Loki was saying though legally I guess. Yeah maybe we should reevaluate that legal situation. Don't we do that a lot here.
I know a lot in life in general. OK let's. Wow the laws are critically stupid. Here's hypothetically though let's let's just think about this. So say I am Joe Schmoe who owns a game shop.
OK right. And I purchased my copy of the game from a distributor who was purchased it from Bethesda. Right. So technically I could be the first the game shop would be the first owner of it if I would say.
So really the game shops give me the first owner and none of them are brand new. You're an authorized retailer. Am I because you know like because you went through an authorized distributor.
So you're an authorized retailer. I just explained though that the thingy in the Tomb Raider thing I read did not say needs to go back to GameStop. It said authorized retailer. It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter though. There's no difference between that copy purchase at GameStop purchase from any other game store ever get into law directly. In fact if you ever get called for jury duty you should just say I.
I'm going to yell and scream because law is stupid because I'm not law is stupid sometimes Loki. I'm not saying it don't ever get into law.
I'm just going to tell you first sale doctor protects this kind of crap because and many have tried to get around the first sale doctrine and I'm sorry it's it's not gonna happen.
Disney loves to try to fight this shit and telling you what you can and cannot do with copies that you've purchased you know through retail.
So this is yet another company trying to do that. I'm sorry first sale dropped in first sale doctrine bitch. It's always going to fuck your shit up.
So you just got to get over your shit and fucking just make better games or something if that's the problem. If we titled our show I would title this one first sale doctrine bitch.
I mean like seriously it's stupid. It's absolutely stupid.
S.S.G. 100 Matt in chat says over at live dot vog network dot com. I guess I kind of see it like buying selling a car. Someone can't just buy a car from a dealership drive down the street and sell it myself as new.
No in fact once you drive a car they always say once you drive the car off the lot it's already lost like 10 percent of its value.
Well I drove it on test drives. Technically that's off the lot. So you always want to fight it. Eric gave me that 10 percent discount.
You always want to fight the man Loki.
All right. Going to chat over at life not fog network dot com. Bobby agrees with me going through an authorized distributor you are an authorized retailer stores that you worked with Loki.
They were authorized retailers. GameStop is not an authorized distributor. Why we are in chat says Are you sure you can't try to sell it as new. It doesn't mean someone is going to fall for it.
But when the pink slips get exchanged while I are that's when your devious plan is going to go Ari because the person giving it to you on the pink slip is no longer going to be the retailer.
That's that's why the DMV tracks all that stuff is who owned the car previously and all that stuff. So honestly just sell it again like on eBay or something. No one's going to pay attention.
No there's no lawyers are going to fucking come after you for that shit. I did it all the fucking time. This all tie into why GameStop will not take your games back if they're sealed because I always thought that was more of an issue stolen game.
Well yeah that's more of an issue with stolen games which that makes no fucking sense anyways because OK I'm taking the shrink wrap up. OK now I can take it back.
Well technically you're going to hate me tonight. I don't care. Technically if the employee sees you do it the employee still has to say I'm sorry that came in here shrink wrapped. I can't take it because the employee saw you doing it.
Now if you know that rule and you take the shrink wrap off as you're walking up to the store and throw it in nearby receptacle and the employee doesn't see you doing it then yeah you can sell it as back as pre-owned.
And how dumb of a. Don't steal. Number one don't steal games. But number two I mean if you bought it if you really truly bought a game that you never fucking played and you've all done it.
You've all you may not have done it with a physical game but open up this little application on your computer called steam. You've all fucking bought a game that you never played OK.
So if you've ever done that a game a game at least one singular game. OK.
I already know I'm not even going to turn around and look at the chat room because I know there's going to be somebody in there is going to be like well I load all of my games at least once.
Anyway I'm just not even going to look fine. You're special. Have a cookie. But for the most part you're all out there. There's people that have bought games they've never fucking played.
So if you've ever done it with a physical game and you try to go sell it back like you know you should be able to do that if you realized you made a mistake you have buyer's remorse.
You should have the evil within two. I mean come on. We're not talking Skyrim. It's truly or even something that like people want again like no man's sky.
Like it's not even a game where it's like suddenly you want this again. You know where it's it's riding a second wave.
I'm just mad that someone doesn't want the evil within two and they're just like well it's dumb. It's dumb. It's stupid. They shouldn't get away with it.
All right. Going to chat one more comment here. MXC in chat says I'm pretty sure a store near me sells stolen games or something. They sell the games as disc only.
Yeah. Well I don't think that necessarily means it's stolen but that is strange. They could be weird flop things that like the manufacturing screwed up the box or something. I mean I don't know it's.
Yeah they could be purchasing damaged stuff but yeah admittedly it's a stretch. But well remember when GameStop used to get so much shit because this wasn't that long ago.
This is what like four or five years ago when the last copy of the game in the store was just the disc. They would be like this our last copy it's new.
I'm going to put you may have noticed that your copy of Until Dawn Rush of Blood was not sealed because that was the last copy.
They still do it. They still fucking do it. But they're an authorized reseller. What the fuck. What the fuck people. It's not sealed. How the fuck am I supposed to know that they're not an authorized reseller.
Actually says that you fucking lied to me. Actually if they're still checking out game actually where the lawsuits for you know I'm going to I'm going to humor that argument because actually if they're still letting employees check out games and shit then Bethesda should be suing GameStop.
They should be because you know why. Because they're just too fucking lazy to make up case art. And well they're saving on costs that way because they don't want to print their own cases.
Anyway. All right. Let's move on. I don't know. I don't know if there's anything else we could say on this. All right. One more S.T. 100 Matt in chat says Loki would be the person to buy the car at the dealership.
Put an ad on Craigslist for the new car that they have to meet you at that dealership. The car can't depreciate in value if it doesn't drive off the lot.
Loki. I can see the meme right now and holding him. Oh the guy with the tap. Can't lose value if you don't drive it off the line. There you go. All right. Anyway let's move on.
That's that's one of many news stories we get to cover tonight. No this is the problem with Jamie not being here is that there's no one to keep the peace. But at the same time what is Jamie ever been the one to keep the peace.
I just feel like the balance is off. That's all. Loki and I are meant to fight for the next several months. All right. Anyway let's get into our gaming weeks. Let's talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Loki you've been playing some games. So I did play a couple of games. So I did actually get to play Horizon Zero Dawn finally. So that was pretty cool. And it looks gorgeous. And I played a few hours of that. I kind of dig it.
I've already had the ending ruined for me sort of I kind of forgot a lot of that. So I'm just going to pretend that I don't know the twist but it is enjoyable. It's enjoyable game. I'm playing it on the easiest difficulty ever because I just don't want to give an effort to its story difficulty so you can focus on the story.
It's still pretty difficult. So there's nothing wrong with playing a game on Ultra hard you know. And then Bobby Black Wolf flopped the game so you could have an easy mode. So use it. Exactly. All right. And then I loaded up the Java version of Minecraft because now having loaded on my son's laptop I realized that they have better controller support and stuff now.
And it seems like it's a lot easier to do the mods and everything now. So I've been messing with that and I put the Pokemon mod on there and that's interesting walking around the game and having Pokemon everywhere that you can catch and stuff. Cute. It's neat.
It'd be cool to do like a server like that. I don't know how to run that but it can be done. It's just can you run modded stuff with realms or not through realms realms is just through like the console.
We said like months ago we were into a VOD.
But like the console Minecraft is its own thing. So that's all the ones that are on everything. Not anymore. The piece is a PC connected to tablet connected to Nintendo. That's the Windows 10 version.
OK. So the Windows 10 version is connected to all of those cross platform things. I'm talking about the Java version. Oh sorry.
Old Minecraft. You're right. You're right. Yeah. So yeah. Old Minecraft. You can do all that fun stuff with Forge and everything. So I was trying that out. I couldn't get any of the shaders to run which is weird because I have like a GTX 1060 in there.
So whatever happened to 4K graphics in Minecraft. They still have that E3 2017. They tease that. And I know y'all are laughing. Ha ha. Minecraft in 4K.
But seriously check out the screenshots like it look gorgeous because sure it still has that old like you know retro look to it but like the water was really like the sunsets and the environment.
Yeah. Look at like Sonic ether's unbelievable shaders or something like that. They can. It looks really nice and you can do like higher res textures and everything like that.
Just yeah I wasn't able to get to work on my version of Minecraft I had. So I'm still trying to figure that out. But whatever. I mean it looks all right and runs good.
And then I see what else they play. That's about it. I didn't really work a whole lot this week on on programming stuff. I mean I sort of did. I kind of was gathering information and everything.
I'm trying to basically build what I had started building in unity for one of my game projects in unreal now. So I was kind of trying to see if there's better ways to do everything.
So that's what I was doing this week. And then I picked up a surface pro 3. So I've been doing that. That's going to be exclusively for art work and stuff so I can actually draw my own artwork easily.
So I'm looking forward to messing with that. All right. My gaming week pretty dull mostly because I was gone most of the weekend. So it's kind of a repetition of a lot of my old go tos Final Fantasy 14 was a big chunk of that because they got a minor update this week.
But it added this new thing called Eureka pagos to it for those of you that play the game. So I've grinded enough of Eureka animals where I could go into the new one the pagos.
So I was checking that out a little bit but it's because it is so new like there's a lot of stuff people are still trying to figure out with it. So it's probably going to take a couple weeks before people because you know there's crazies out there that will grind max level as fast as they can.
And then you know kind of help people figure things out. So it's still in kind of a discovery mode. So I've been playing more of the first Eureka to still try to level up to the absolute cap that you can get to.
Because it's interesting Eureka is like a separate leveling system than the rest of the game. But Eureka is also meant to be a little bit more of a throwback to Final Fantasy 11.
Because like it's all about getting parties together to chain XP mobs and get XP that way. And if you die you level down just like in Final Fantasy 11.
So unless you get resurrected which is actually a pretty easy thing to get. So but yeah if you if you're too lazy and you'll get resurrected you actually lose XP like you did in 11.
But it doesn't affect the main game at all. It's all like a side thing that you do. That's where they put the new relics. So if you want to get your relic weapon it's all in there.
So I've been playing a bit of that in Final Fantasy 14 and then continuing Heroes of the Storm. I've been playing two or three games of that like every day just to make sure I get my quest done.
And you might be wondering like which character do I play? Which character do I like to play? I really kind of float around everybody because I'm always trying to finish my quests.
But lately I've really taken a liking to Hanzo which is weird because I can't stand him in Overwatch. But like in Heroes of the Storm I really love some of the builds he can do because he's so good at what they call wave clear.
So like you know how like in lane games there's like minions that will like you know crawl across the map. So like Hanzo has this thing where he can like insta kill minions if you build his thing a certain way.
So it feels like really rewarding to kind of like if you're the only one on a lane which sometimes happens to like just insta kill all the minions and then it's really easy to kind of push the towers that way.
So yeah I don't know like I really like playing Hanzo in that game. So yeah except he's so he's so weak. Like if somebody decides to target him they can shred him so fast.
So that's the thing with Hanzo. But he can run over walls. That's the other thing. So like if you get in a bad situation you just run over walls and try to get out of it.
So anyway. That's been pretty much my game a week otherwise. So no real announcements to tell you guys about.
I already talked about Dragon Con stuff last week so I won't repeat myself except that we will not be here Labor Day weekend as I will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta.
And if you're planning to be at Dragon Con I really do hope to see you there. I will have several panels where you can come say hello. I will publish a full schedule shortly.
Actually it will be in the app which is expected to be updated around the 20th. So about 10 well actually yeah about 10 days for the Con 9 days for the Con.
So the app will be fully updated and you can actually go and when you go into the guests attending professionals you can actually find Rob Roberts and you'll be able to see my whole schedule right there in the app.
The funny thing is and I did this last year which was my first year as an attending professional because you make your own schedule in the app.
So the first thing I'll do is I'll look up myself and favorite all my own stuff to make sure that my schedule is there first.
And then the other stuff that I want to see I add to it because it will tell me if there's any conflicts.
Like last year there was something I wanted to see and I couldn't go because I had a panel at the same time. It's like whoop conflict.
That's the only bummer about Dragon Con. Too much going on that's sometimes scheduled at the same time.
So anyway yes Bobby I will favorite yours next. The sad thing is Bobby there's and you already know this there's stuff that we have at the exact same time.
In fact I believe the very first panel time slot Friday 10 a.m. well unless you count Thursdays because Thursday is the new Friday.
But pretty much Friday the very first time slot in the morning like Bobby and I have a conflict. We are next door to each other.
He's in like video games B and I'm in video games A. We have like panels and we are both moderating said panels.
So literally competing against each other. But I have the Mass Effect actors. He has cell phone game development if I remember the timing right.
I think we know who's going to win that. Well here's the thing. Maybe in popularity yes. However like yes I'm yes I will win that contest in popularity.
But that's not really about that because if I'm a developer sometimes it's not about like that it's about what are you going to get out of a panel.
If I'm a developer you're going to get more out of Bobby's panel than you will out of mine with the Mass Effect.
But if you're a fanboy you're going to get more out of mine. Well I would go to Bobby's panel anyways because I don't really care for Mass Effect.
See there you go. And that's totally fine. Both panels will be great. All right. Anyway. All right.
SSG100 Matt in chat says one of you should pull a Carson and storm the others panel. You know it is what is interesting is it is the first year that Bobby and I are kind of do it.
So honestly I could go over there and say I'm Bobby Black Wolf and he could go over there and say he's Rob Roberts. I don't think anyone would ever know.
They would when they start asking development questions and I just feel that's a good question. What do you think. I wish I knew that.
Well just have you tried turning up the graphics on level three.
Every time your development on and then back or off. Have you tried turning it off and then on again.
No I'm not. I'm not going to do that to the poor developers out there that really want to learn something from the talented people behind Simpsons tapped out that cell phone game is is nuts.
There's I know people that play that game that would even consider themselves gamers but it's like dude you're obsessed with Simpsons tapped out like you're a gamer.
So anyway moving on let's get into some news stories and stop talking about dueling panels Loki once you start us off with some news tonight.
OK so there's lots of different Diablo games in the works.
This is Blizzard. Apparently they put out a short video with the community manager Brandy Kamel and promised that there is going to be that they're not ignoring the Diablo fans that they have multiple projects in the works.
Some of them are going to take longer than others but we may have some things to show you later this year.
Yeah hit hit Blizzcon later this year get those pre-orders or do they sell tickets for that or there is I think a third wave coming a surprise third wave of tickets coming up shortly.
But the main waves have all sold out and I would imagine this third wave is probably like rejected cards and possible spam bought things that have been caught for the first two waves being real.
So I would imagine this third wave is going to be very small. So well pre-order that pay-per-view.
Yeah right. Yeah they have the good old pay-per-view I guess so.
Yeah man I do wish I was going to Diablo this year or Blizzcon this year because Diablo is my favorite of all the franchises that Blizzard does.
Apparently you're a gamer was saying that.
Have you heard some of the rumors.
Yeah they reported that Diablo 3 is coming to the switch.
And that one's been out there for a while. I think that would be a good thing to drop at Blizzcon for the holidays is that Diablo 3 is coming out on switch.
I mean but there's also that part of me that's like okay but like I've I've literally played through Diablo 3 like hundreds of times like there's there's only so much more I can give to that game.
If they're going to sweeten the pot by putting some new stuff in Diablo 3 like a proper expansion but I'm not going to hold my breath because I kind of think they're working on Diablo 4.
I think we're far enough out now where we can start saying the number 4.
But the other rumor that's out there is that they are going to remaster Diablo 2 just like they did with Starcraft not that long ago.
Maybe.
Because you know people still love Starcraft and there's still people that swear by Diablo 2 as the Diablo which I totally get because there was a lot that changed between Diablo 2 and 3 especially when it comes to like classes and just the way the game played.
So there's people that are still loyal to Diablo 2 so to remake Diablo 2 with just HD graphics I think there'd be a huge interest for that.
So I wouldn't be surprised at all for that to be a big reveal as well.
So those might be like they're sooner than others they're going to announce you know Diablo 3 on Switch and Diablo 2 remaster.
And maybe you know again I'm fan wanking get the tarp because I'm fan wanking.
Maybe the way they're going to sweeten the pot with Diablo 3 on the Switch is to include the Diablo 2 remaster on the Switch with it. Wouldn't that be something?
I don't know if that...
I warned you it was fan wank.
Alright so anyway but those would probably be the sooner things than like Diablo 4 would be the way out thing.
But I'm expecting it to be a very Diablo year at Blizzcon because I mean Overwatch like they might unveil a new character but like Overwatch I don't see them suddenly going we're going to make Overwatch 2.
Like Overwatch League is still kind of like you know Overwatch League we know is going to grow next year and you know I feel like it's still kind of like they don't need to do a lot of it.
I would still love for them to announce we're making like some PvE dedicated stuff that's not part of an event that like there's going to be some year round PvE in the game.
I still would love to see that but I'm not holding my breath on that. I feel like Overwatch is still enough of an attraction that people want to check it out.
World of Warcraft they've got an expansion coming out next week believe it or not.
So they're not exactly going to announce a new expansion at Blizzcon.
Starcraft?
They may announce a new patch.
So yeah that leaves Starcraft and Heroes of the Storm.
Well Heroes of the Storm like Overwatch you're not going to they're just going to keep adding to it.
So they're going to be like we have a new battleground some new heroes that's what they'll do with Heroes of the Storm.
So yeah either they're going to unveil something their big unveil has got to be either Starcraft which would mean like a Starcraft 3 or another Starcraft 2 expansion.
I just I just don't think now's the time for Starcraft I think now's the time for Diablo I really do.
Because Starcraft just got that remaster last year that was kind of the big thing so I just it's Diablo's time to shine.
You'll really do a new game?
They could Blizzard could have I mean and then of course I'm neglecting Hearthstone but again Hearthstone is also just an evergreen type of game where they'll say oh we've got another card expansion coming.
Sure Blizzard could always announce a new game why not the last the only time I went to Blizzcon was the year they announced Overwatch and it was a big fucking deal like Overwatch was a very new type of thing for Blizzard.
So I'm sure Blizzard's working on a whole new idea out there somewhere but you know we'll see.
I don't know if this is the year for that either.
Over in chat at live.vognetwork.com Bobby Blackwool says it's rock and roll racing's time to shine bring back rock and roll racing.
You know what rock and roll racing would actually make an amazing map in Heroes of the Storm.
So I'm kind of surprised that that isn't something that they're trying to trying to do is like a racing map or like as part of the like the lanes or tracks and then like you could like unveil like as part of like the the mini objectives like cars that would like drive over your enemies and stuff and knock them back.
That would be really funny but anyway who knows.
ActDeft in chat says I still want Overwatch on Switch.
Never say never I mean that could be could be a thing could happen.
Alright.
Kaijuto in chat says in the era of microtransaction I'm not happy about a Diablo 2 remake.
Well for what it's worth Kaijuto when they did the Starcraft remake it was just like they didn't inject DLC into it and they didn't inject like other stuff it was like pay $19.99 and get original Starcraft just as it was but with HD graphics.
So I have a feeling if they do a Diablo 2 remaster it's not going to be like it's going to be like if you want to play Diablo 2 with pretty graphics or whatever it's 20 bucks or 30 bucks whatever they end up charging for I don't think they'll suddenly be like and we're putting treasure boxes in it.
I don't think they'll do that.
No.
I don't think they will.
Alright.
Anyhow let's talk about the Smash Brothers Direct that happened this week.
Did you watch the Smash Brothers Direct?
I did.
I didn't.
I have to admit I'm only mentioning this based on what I've read around the internet and I did I did watch one reveal trailer because I am very excited about Simon Belmont coming to Super Smash Ultimate.
And I realize he's been rumored for a long time but it was it still was something to see that whole unveil trailer with not just death killing Luigi but like all of the all of the bosses were in that little reveal trailer that was pretty badass.
Yeah that's all part of that one level too.
I'm like I never realized I want Nintendo to make a new Castlevania game or I guess maybe if they're having Nanko Bandai's help or whatever but like I'm like damn like they they make Castlevania look real good.
So yes Simon Belmont is coming to Super Smash Ultimate and since they're doing this whole shadow characters is that what they're called shadow characters?
Echo Fighters.
Echo Fighters.
Excuse me.
Um padding roster is what they roster padding.
They're fucking allowed Loki.
They're fucking allowed.
Honestly after some of the stuff that Sakurai has delivered with this they're fucking allowed to do like elaborate pallet swaps that they want.
I'm totally okay with it.
So yes they're doing Echo Fighter for Richter Belmont in addition to Simon Belmont which I think is badass.
I think I kind of like Richter.
No Alucard.
I mean I just careful what you wish for.
You never know.
So you don't know what's there.
That was not the only character they unveiled.
They also unveiled King K. Rool.
King K. Rool if you if you will.
The antagonist in the Donkey Kong series.
Well the modern Donkey Kong series not the old ones obviously because the antagonist in the old Donkey Kong game was Mario.
Ha ha.
Plot twist.
But anyway King K. Rool.
I think.
And more fucking Fire Emblem characters.
Hooray.
Which are also Echo Fighters right?
Yeah.
King K. Rool is honestly I'm not that excited about that unveil.
Like send your hate mail right on in.
I don't care.
All the dudes from Contra.
Contra dudes.
But I'm not that excited.
I mean here's the thing though.
I'm not shitting on Smash Brothers Ultimate by any means.
This game is going to be fucking fantastic.
And with the roster as big as it is.
Echo Fighters or not.
They're allowed to have one or two characters that I'm going to go.
You know what?
I'm just not going to play that character.
I can't wait for the very last director they're going to have at Smash when they announce Waluigi.
Because they're going to save that.
For the end.
Y'all need to let it go.
Waluigi is not going to be in the fucking game.
And you need to just.
Well he's going to be an assist and that's it.
And y'all need to let Sakurai get his fucking sleep.
And never ask him for anything ever again.
It's coming.
It'll be the last one.
The very last one.
No.
No.
Because this is the thing.
Waluigi does not need his redemption as much as.
Wart.
The antagonist in Mario Brothers 2.
I agree.
He's disappeared ever since.
Or half of the other Mario Brothers 2 characters.
Honestly, Wart would make me so fucking happy.
I would cry.
What about Birdo?
I'll take it.
I'll take Birdo.
But Wart is really like.
Wart is my like A tier wish list.
Birdo's like B tier.
Birdo could be like an echo fighter for like Yoshi or something.
Going to chat.
Bobby Blackwolf said.
Luigi died and will be replaced by Waluigi.
Well technically Mario died too.
So there's a lot of death in there.
Let's see.
SHO 100 Matt points out.
Wart and Mouser were a dream.
You know what?
Some dreams are real.
Dreams are a reflection of reality.
Are they not?
Anyway.
I just think they need to go obscure.
Captain Rainbow.
Let's put Tingle in there.
Fuck yeah.
Let's put Tingle.
He has an actual fighter.
Fuck this assist shit.
Do you know what's funny though?
Since I talk about like people need to fucking leave Sakurai alone and all this stuff.
Did you know he actually went to Twitter this week?
And a translated version of the tweet reads like this.
Again, I'll do my best for the presentation tomorrow.
It'll start at a relatively convenient time in Japan.
So please watch it.
My eyes might be a little red.
That's because they're a little tired.
Because people are kind of noticing that Sakurai looks like he's fucking been through it.
Like he looks like he has been through it.
So that's why I'm saying you Waluigi fucks need to leave him alone.
Leave Sakurai alone!
He's created the greatest, one of the greatest video games of all time.
Leave him alone!
That was my attempt to mimic leave Britney alone to make success.
Anyway.
And you know, keep in mind during all of this, like this game is in crunch time right now.
So this is like, and this game is already announced.
Like it is happening for the holidays.
It is not getting pushed back.
So you know what, Sakurai is probably having a rough life right now.
I just hope, you know what, when he has finished the game and he's released it and it sold 11 billion copies,
I hope he gets a fucking vacation.
You know what, he can do what Barack Obama's done.
He can fucking take a vacation and not look back on this shithole of a country.
That's what he can do when he's earned his due.
He can just take a vacation and never come back.
He's earned it.
I'm not saying he should never develop again.
No, I love him and he should.
But if he wants to take a nice long vacation for like two years, he is allowed.
SSG100Matt says he wanted a vacation after Smash 4, but Nintendo wouldn't let him.
Well that's why I'm saying Nintendo, give the man a fucking break.
Anyway, let's move on. More news, Loki.
So Nintendo, speaking of, well, I don't know if they're not necessarily giving people a break,
but they have that whole lawsuit against Love Roms for of course storing ROMs of their games on there
and they've taken them to court for that.
So kind of spooked by that, MU Paradise is actually announcing that they have,
based on the recent legal action of other ROM sites,
they'll be changing and ceasing to offer ROM versions of Nintendo's and other companies' older games.
It's not worth it for us to risk potentially disastrous consequences.
I cannot in good conscience risk the future of our team members who have contributed to the site throughout the years.
We run MU Paradise for the love of retro games and for you to be able to revisit those good times.
Unfortunately, it's not possible right now to do so in a way that makes everyone happy and keeps us out of trouble.
So they've decided to make a new start. We will continue to be passionate retro gamers
and we'll continue doing cool stuff around retro games.
But you won't be able to get your games from here for now.
Where we go with this is up to you.
Well, what can you say? I mean, the games will be elsewhere. They will always be elsewhere.
This is the internet. One site goes down, another one goes up.
So I think as far as the website MU Paradise is concerned, now it's kind of a test of the community over there.
Without the ROMs, are they still going to have the community to keep that site?
They're never going to stop ROMs from being on the internet. They're everywhere.
All it's going to do if they really start hammering down on these ROM sites is just going to push it more underground.
You know, we were talking a little bit about this at the end of Bobby's show this week.
I don't want to repeat myself too much, but as much as I respect Nintendo's right to protect these games that they made in the 80s.
You know what? You can't pirate Disney movies that were made in the 60s and the 50s as much as you want to.
You can't just pirate and copy those movies.
So if Nintendo wants to enforce the trademark on their games, they have that right whether you like it or not.
But I also think you don't want to take ROMs away completely because there is a lot that can be learned about game development from them.
There's a lot that can be unveiled about games that never existed in the first place.
And what we've learned from the failures of that.
And there are some developers that have made arcade games that were emulated in MAME.
And the guys that made the original arcade games released their source public domain to be like,
Sure, emulate all you want. Learn from what we developed. Learn how we made the games. Use this to learn.
So I think I would never want to see emulation go away completely.
Absolutely not because I think there's so much to learn from those that are fine with their stuff being released to the public.
Once again though, I don't even know.
Robbie Roto or whatever that game is that was released not that long ago.
Well, it was probably like five years ago at this point.
I understand that they would have to enforce their copyrights or they lose it.
But at the same time, I don't think that pirating ROMs is necessarily...
Well, first off, I mean, like if you own copies of the games and you're just getting a ROM dump of it,
I don't see the problem there in the first place.
And second off, is it really affecting the sales of these things?
I've downloaded full ROM sets of the NES library and Super NES library like dozens of times.
I still bought those ROMs. Like I bought them originally when they were out in the NES.
I bought them on the Super NES. I bought them on the Wii.
I bought them on the 3DS when I had it. I bought them on the Wii U.
I bought the Super NES Classic, so it's not affecting my purchasing of their stuff.
Believe it or not, I'm like right with you there.
Of course I've downloaded a shit ton of ROMs in my day,
but I still support way more than I'd like to admit of the Virtual Console stuff that Nintendo and likewise put out.
Even like the Sega Genesis collection. How many times have I bought the Sega Genesis collection on different systems?
Like PC, Playstation 3, Playstation 4? Like a lot, okay?
And I'm even still eyeing like, do I want one of those Sega Genesis plastic consoles that they sell at Target?
Same thing with Atari Flashback. You can fit the entire Atari library on an old floppy disk.
Like those games are itty bitty. That's part of what's so fucking impressive about how so many of them were programmed is that those games are so small in the data.
But anyway, like, you know, the entire Atari 2600 library is not that big.
I'm still sitting here going, I kind of want to get an Atari Flashback 8 with all the Activision games on it.
Like just because they're that good. And I buy the Atari stuff like, you know, anyway.
So I just don't understand like, what is, I mean I get that they're-
Emulation is emulation. It's emulating the real thing. It's not the real thing.
They weren't coming after these companies like, I mean this stuff has been out there forever.
So I don't understand like, why now they decided to like, come after these companies.
I mean, my thought is just that like, do you really want to turn people like, against like, not necessarily turning against them because of-
But like, when it starts with these emulation sites and then eventually it's going to move to,
Oh hey, these are the guys that are actually, you know, getting the archives of the stuff for historical preservation.
And now you're going to come after them. Because it's once, it's going to just eventually lead up to that.
I hope not. I mean, you know, honestly, I realize that those words aren't going to hold a lot of weight.
But I just, I really hope not. Especially, you know, with some of the great things a lot of video game preservationists are trying to do.
You know, I would really hope Nintendo would respect that like, what those guys are doing is not about trying to just like, distribute a shit ton of ROMs.
And, you know, and whatever, and derail Virtual Console or whatever Nintendo wants to invent in their mind.
But there are people that really do want to preserve video game history as an art form.
As, you know, there is a film, what is it, the Film Preservation Society or whatever, maybe one of you guys in chat knows the exact name of this.
They select like 20 or 25 films a year to be preserved like forever type of thing.
Or the way that books get preserved in a library and in like, you know, a national library and so forth.
Like, you know, video games are an art form that deserve to have some preservation efforts taken around them because discs rot.
Servers go down and they go away forever. But there ought to be a way that, you know, the future can play these games too.
Just like, you know, it's funny, Melody and I were talking the other day about, you know, some of the stuff we were, I was, because I was joking.
Because when the baby was trying to grab my finger, I started to get an Xbox controller and I was like, here, you should start learning on this.
And Melody says, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we're going to make her play 8-bit games first.
Then she's going to play 16-bit and we're going to, and I've heard a lot of new parents say this type of thing.
Like, we're going to work them through the generations just like we did it.
But it's like, whoa, what if, what if the 8-bit games, the 16-bit games aren't there to do that with?
I mean, sure, Super Mario Brothers will probably always be released on every Nintendo system ever.
But what about the Guardian Legend?
I consider the Guardian Legend to be an 8-bit classic that I fucking grew up on that, like, makes me part of, like, the gamer fan that I am today.
That game has never been available on Virtual Console, any type of legal collection.
If it were not for emulation, I couldn't play the Guardian Legend.
You couldn't play the Guardian Legend to see what is it that Rob loves so much about this fucking game.
I bought you a copy of the Guardian Legend.
Yeah, I actually have the Guardian Legend, like, three different times on cartridge, but I'm okay with that.
I am totally okay with that. You know what I mean?
It's like, you know, if I don't have a working Nintendo and a cartridge like that, there is no other legal way for me to play it.
And I don't want that game to go away.
And there's going to be some games that just fall in this weird fucking tricky legal void because one company swallowed another company, swallowed another company, where if it wasn't for emulation, it wouldn't be able to do this.
So, anyway, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, Sounds like this baby is going to be a future OLR co-host in 18 years.
Well, you know, that's the plan, is to hand it off to Josh and Julian in the future.
And then possibly other new kids as well.
That way it will always keep the crown of longest running gaming podcasts.
How have you done a gaming podcast for 100 years? Well, it all started many years ago.
Anyway, let's move on. Let's talk about some changes with Twitch.
Let's talk about newer things, very new things.
Another way we kind of preserve games through video and broadcasting.
So, Twitch is going to be making some big changes.
When I saw the headline, I actually got the email about this, as did many of you Twitch users.
And when I first saw that the email said, we're getting rid of communities, I was a little bit sad.
Because I actually really like the communities for discoverability, especially being part of the LGBT family on Twitch.
I am always using LGBT to find, you know, other streamers on Twitch that are in that family as well.
So, when I first read this, I was like, this is really sad.
But I also realized that most of the communities, I'm using my quoting fingers.
Most of the communities on Twitch are named after games.
And it's like, you shouldn't need a community for Super Smash Brothers because you put that you're streaming Super Smash Brothers and people will find it.
You don't need communities based on games, you know what I mean?
So, I guess to some extent Twitch has kind of realized that this is going on too.
So, they're changing it.
And I must admit, once I read fully the changes, I'm okay with it.
In fact, actually, I do think it's going to be for the better in the long run.
So, here's the deal, they're going to have a new tagging system.
So, you'll be able to tag your streams.
And they, LGBT specifically, they actually called out in the email specifically the LGBT streamers.
And they mentioned that that will be a tag.
But they're also going to do tags for like, first time playthrough, game development, speed runs, you know, all these like different types of things.
And I did appreciate that Twitch was very open to be like, here is a spreadsheet of all of the tags we're going to be introducing.
And if you don't think we have something captured here, like let us know, reply to this email.
I don't know if this only went to affiliates maybe, but I feel like everybody probably got it.
Maybe it was just an affiliate thing.
Hopefully it wasn't under NDA.
But anyway, I mean, honestly, you know, I think it's great what Twitch is doing to try to proactively get out there and listen to the feedback from the community.
There's also going to be more categories that are going to be added to Twitch as well.
Things that are going to help make things more specific than just IRL and creative.
So, they're going to break these down into art, hobbies and crafts, food and drink, music and performing arts, beauty and body art, science and technology, just chatting, traveling outdoors, sports and fitness, tabletop RPGs, special events, talk shows and podcasts, and ASMR.
Which, you know, for those of you that like to have your gaming streams like this, and now I'm going to slowly click the buttons as I play the game.
Have you ever tried to get into that? Alan loves that ASMR.
I watched one. It was, I think it was a parody, but it was still ASMR. It was like ASMR bank robbery.
If that's what you're into, look, Alan like loves that stuff. And I tease him. I'm only teasing because I love and like, honestly, like, I my like nothing for me for ASMR. Nothing is ever going to beat the pickle lady.
There's that there's that lady on YouTube. I don't know her name. Maybe somebody who knows it. She's infamous. And she's sitting there and she's got like she shoves this gigantic ass fucking pickle in her mouth and she's just about to choose down.
And it's just like all this noise. And I'm like, damn, that's impressive. But I guess some people like just like really sensitive to that type of noise, like it's very relaxing.
Just like how some people could like, well, I'm sure there's a lot of people that want to sleep with a white noise machine. Whereas I can't stand those things. But for some people, it really helps them.
So, hmm. Anyway, looking at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, SSJ100Matt says, sounds like NPR just needs some smooth jazz in the back.
Let's see. Tigerclaw says, I sleep with a white noise machine, a fan.
Raginator says, just watch. The tagging will get abused in ways the Twitch isn't foreseeing. And eventually they'll say, yeah, we didn't see this going to shit in a dumpster fire.
Well, Raginator, for what it's worth, you're not going to be able to invent your own tags. You do have to use the tags that are there.
And especially with so many affiliates and partners and things, you don't want to get kicked out of those programs by doing something stupid with the tagging program.
So, I mean, obviously it's not going to be perfect 100% with the time. There's always going to be some trolls. But I think for the most part, it should be OK.
So, anyway. Anyway, Kaijuto in chat says, Twitch blows with these tags. I'd be curious, a more elaborated version of that comment. Like, what do you not like about that? I'd be curious.
Because I'm open to it. I realize that communities probably aren't working quite as they were intended. I like them, but it also really annoys me that the Xbox version of Twitch,
and I realize Microsoft's got the whole Mixer thing going on, so maybe Twitch isn't as, you know, wanting to get updated on Xbox. But it really annoys me that the community search isn't on the Xbox version of Twitch.
And I don't even think it works on the, even the new PlayStation one. I don't think has it. I could be wrong. But I'm kind of annoyed that, so I hope if they do bring the tagging, that they will update the viewer on all these different, you know, systems they have them on to support the tags as well.
That would be, that would be wonderful. Alright, a few more stories before we get to the classic game of the week. Loki?
Alright, so this is something that's been going on this week. There was this review by a now former IGN editor by the name of Felipe Musen, and he was fired because apparently it was thought that he plagiarized his review from a YouTube channel.
So he had a, there was a YouTuber by the name of Boomstick Gaming that did a review for Dead Cells, and it came out several days earlier.
And then he released his review on IGN, and then of course Boomstick Gaming kind of noticed that, and they put out a video comparing the two saying, hey, he plagiarized my review.
And so then IGN reviewed it, and they took down the review and basically fired him because they thought I guess as well that he did, you know, I guess enough of the review was taken from the other one.
Then on top of that though, so after that whole drama happens, there's other articles coming out, people start looking at his other reviews, and apparently his FIFA 18 review is also very similar to, the FIFA 18 Switch review is very similar to what was on Nintendo Life.
And also apparently he had done this maybe with even some other reviews for other games.
But he had come out on his YouTube channel and basically said, you know, the bottom line is that what happened with Dead Cells reviews was not at all intentional.
So with all that said, I just want to apologize to everybody at IGN for the undeserved criticisms and doubts that many may have sparked in their credibility as a respected source for games media.
Basically saying, you know, yeah, it was just a coincidence that I happened to use a similar phrasing to these other channels and stuff, but it's just a little too close to what it was.
So he sort of admitted that there's a problem and then said, but it wasn't a problem. I really feel like there's a complete contradiction even within this YouTube thing.
And then apparently there's also a third review that he had done as well, and Gadget had posted a review of Metroid Samus Returns last September, and then about five days later he posted his own review of the game, which is also very similar in the wording of that.
I don't know if he's just happened to be maybe copying styles of these other reviews or if he's just not playing these games and just reviewing them based on, you know, I don't know.
But it's a pattern, and it's not a good pattern. That's not very favorable if you want to get into, you know, the writing industry.
Especially when so few opportunities are available, and I can't tell you how many people I know and that I follow online who have this lifelong dream of doing journalism.
And journalism right now is really fucking hard because nobody's buying newspapers and magazines. I shouldn't say nobody, but far less than what used to are buying newspapers and magazines anymore.
Everybody's going to the internet where everybody ad blocks because, you know, because unfortunately, and I sort of think the ad industry is solely to blame for that, I don't think people would be ad blocking if the ads didn't get ridiculously intrusive.
Well, not only ridiculously intrusive, but containing malware and other shit.
But anyway, that's a whole nother Oprah. But the reality is because of those reasons, whatever they are, because people have ruined it for everyone else and people are ad blocking, like, you know, there isn't a lot of money to be made there.
So it's like it is really fucking hard to be a journalist right now. And those opportunities are few and far between. So to hear that somebody was able to get into IGN only to do this is like, that's kind of a slap in the face to everybody who's working really fucking hard to break into that.
And like can't because they just the right opportunity just doesn't fucking come up. And it also goes a long way in saying, you know, I maybe I'm probably gonna regret what I'm about to say, but what it also goes a long way in saying like, what's the difference between these big organizations and the YouTubes that they do, and the podcast that they do, and their fucking opinions, and the independence and our fucking opinions? What's the difference?
Well, this should probably demonstrate to you not much, because if this guy did a YouTube thing on Metroid Samus returns, it took this long for him to get fucking caught.
Well, yeah, yeah, this thing. Yeah. But he's done this multiple times.
So when you come to me and say, well, IGN said this, or, you know, GameSpot said this, that's why sometimes I say, so fucking what?
Those reviews, though, weren't necessarily on IGN. So the other two, the FIFA and the other one were on his YouTube channel.
Fair enough. So IGN was just the dead cells one. But, you know, it's hard, like YouTube and the Internet is a big place, and it's hard to scrutinize every single review out there.
So it's just, you know, in this case, it had to be the reviewer that did the actual review in the first place, noticing that, hey, IGN has a review that sounds just like mine.
That's odd. And, you know, pointing it out.
MXC in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, I do not believe this person's response to the plagiarism allegations.
As someone who writes reviews, I very specifically avoid looking at anyone else's reviews, previews, etc., before writing my own.
I don't want to compromise my opinion, etc., or inadvertently use a similar phrase or reference.
With that said, it's incredibly clear that this is a case of plagiarism from the writing.
He did more work than a typical high school plagiarist, but things are still written in the same order.
You know, and I do want to clarify something, because even though I'm saying what's the difference between IGN and GameSpot and all this stuff and us,
I do think there are some journalists that are doing a really great job.
What can these journalists do that go beyond even maybe what, you know, independents have the time or resources, I suppose, to be able to do?
And to give credit where credit is due, and this is really going to surprise some of you guys, but it just goes to show that opinions can change, people can change, places can change.
But I was really impressed with Kotaku's reporting on what went on over at Riot Games.
And that was a big thing that just came out. Was that this past week, or was that two weeks ago?
But that was some impressive fucking six months plus worth of really trying to crack what was a hard nut to crack because they'd scared all these people into not talking.
So I do want to give credit where credit is due, even though I'm saying, especially when it comes to opinions, reviews, things like that, what's the difference between them and us, not much.
But when you have the resources, when you have the contacts, when you have that time to really try to get into it and get to the core of things, there are several people out there doing some very impressive things.
And those are the types of things that journalists can be doing that are really, really good.
And I know I have spoken very critically of Kotaku in the past on this show, but that was also many years ago and many things have changed over there since then.
So actually, I don't find them nearly as bad as I used to. In fact, I actually kind of like them, especially after things like this last incident with the Riot Games reporting.
I thought that was really fucking well done. So anyway, and Dungeon Buster does clarify the Riot Games story was this past week.
It didn't make our list for tonight. Well, I guess I ended up bringing it up anyway.
Well, tonight's the night where I'm going to say things. I'm going to get in trouble. Ready? So do you want to know what my reaction was when I read that story?
I didn't read the story. Have you ever seen Sexism or something in the works?
Absolutely. It's bad. It's bad. They really give, from multiple perspectives, documented incidents of how the sexism is kind of rampant in that place.
And all I have to say is my reaction was I was really glad I didn't take that job that I was going for in 2012. That's all I'm going to say. Moving on.
We got one more story to talk about. All right. Let's talk about Doom Eternal.
Doom Eternal is coming to PC, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and get this Nintendo Switch.
Yeah, because they had QuakeCon this week, wasn't it?
Bethesda loves Doom Eternal, don't they? Bobby Blackwolf spelling it differently in chat, saying Do-Maternal. Doom Eternal. Sorry if I'm not enunciating correctly for you.
But anyway, Doom Eternal was shown off at QuakeCon, and it is going to be confirmed for all the systems, including Switch.
Panic Button is doing the Switch port. They did the Doom port, which many people seem to be pretty cool with.
So I guess it looks like it's kind of just a sequel to Doom, but it's going to have some new stuff in it. And that would be the 2016 Doom, not the really old ones.
There's a new dash movement, there's a blade, a super shotgun, meat hook. There's going to be more demons in Doom Eternal.
And you can actually have players that turn into demons in another player's campaign. That's straight out of Dark Souls, isn't it?
Yeah, or Demon Souls.
And then they were showing some effects where, like, as you blow up the monsters, you can blow them up slowly. Like, little pieces of their flesh fall off the more you attack them and stuff.
So, yep, that's a thing that exists in the world. But no, hey, the Doom reboot was great, so I'm pretty excited about the new game.
There will be post-launch campaign DLC. SnapMap is not going to be coming back for Doom Eternal. Those were some other little tidbits that were shared at QuakeCon, where id did the big unveil of the game.
So, that's Doom. Are you going to check out Doom Eternal?
I didn't check out the first one.
What?
I didn't even check out the first one.
You should. It's very fast-paced, but it's very good. Especially now they have it on the Switch. I mean, the Switch, it shows a little bit, but it's not a bad port by any means.
I just play it on PC.
And honestly, that's nothing against Switch or any of it. It's just keyboard and mouse for me when it comes to those games.
And Dungeon Buster in chat agrees. It's good, Loki. Give it a try.
Yeah, but you see, I have a library of 560 games in Steam, and, you know, I'm not going to play it. I can buy it, and I won't play it. There was a game I just bought recently.
I know there's another big game that I bought recently, and I still haven't played it yet, so I don't even... I can't even remember what it is.
Well, I'm happy you just got to Horizon this week.
Yes, Horizon.
That's one that I still need to play, so...
It's great.
All right. Well, we're going to go from newer games to some classic games.
And thanks to the magic of radio, we're joined right now by the one and only Dark Sakura.
Hi.
Hi, you're here.
Yes.
It's magic.
You took me on adventures.
I know. I'm going to take... Would you like to go on a journey?
Magical adventure.
It's a magical adventure. Just get in the van that says magic adventure.
By the way...
Way?
We called somebody at work today a unicorn, and I said, you're in danger if Tim Curry comes by in a devil suit.
So let's talk about a classic game of the week as old as that reference.
Yes.
Because every week Dark Sakura jumps into the gaming vault.
Whether she's here or not, she will be here through magic to jump into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, brat, play this, or I will...
This one's all sticky.
I will send Tim Curry to eat you.
Don't let kids play arcade games when their hands are chocolaty.
What's the classic game of the week, Dark Sakura?
Robotron 2084.
So, also known as Robotron, because that's what we called it.
It is an arcade game that was developed by Eugene Jarvis and Larry DeMar of VidKids.
And whoever remembers the numbers anyway.
Yes.
And it was released by Williams.
Of course, you know, there's a lot more Williams things in my house that are pinball, but we'll not go there.
It is a 2D shoot-em-up.
And basically, in 2084, the robots have taken over in a cybernetic revolt.
And you have to defeat the robots, rescue the humans.
I look at this as kind of a precursor to Smash TV, to be honest.
You know?
Yes.
Because especially with the whole double joystick thing.
Yeah.
It is the game that made twin sticks popular.
It had previously been used in a game called Mars and in Taito Space Dungeon in 1981.
Although, it originated in the game Gun Fight from 1975.
But who's played those?
I think if I ever did Gun Fight, it would be the second game that came out before I was born.
Unless, did Pong came out before? Yeah, Pong came out before I was born, too.
Yes, and you did Space War on one episode.
The 1950 radar. You did the radar love.
You've done some old stuff, Dark Sakura.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, this game is also listed as one of Jarvis's best contributions to video games.
So, it's pretty, pretty notable.
So, basically, you have a top-down perspective.
You just shoot stuff and try to rescue all the humans.
You have different waves of robots and different obstacles that are in there.
And you basically just have to survive.
And this is also, this particular game, it did feature mono sound.
And it's a raster game.
So, this was, like, right around the era that they were doing all the vector stuff.
And it looks fairly vector, but it really is a raster game.
It was on a 19-inch CRT.
It used a Motorola 6809 central processing unit that operated at one whole megahertz.
Wow.
Right?
And it actually had this neat thing where it used, like, this scheming programming
to generate sounds in order of importance so that it would sound like it was a multi-audio channel
when really it was monaural.
It also had a custom graphics coprocessor that basically generated the on-screen objects
and visual effects independently of the rest of it.
And it could also transfer memory space so that the game would stay fast
and animate a large number of things at one time.
So, this game actually is fairly innovative for its time.
And some of these later stages got crazy amounts of stuff going on.
So, this game took six months to develop.
Just six months.
And VidKids was actually a consulting firm that designed games for Williams.
And Jarvis and DeMar did work for Williams before.
So, the game was meant to be exciting, like an athletic experience that had a physical element with the twin sticks.
And then it was basically meant to give a conflicting goal to avoid attacks,
to defeat the enemies, and to save a family to earn your points.
So, it really was these contrasting things.
It was also inspired by the Stern game, Berserk.
And also a game for the Commodore PET called Chase.
So, and I'm sure that I don't need to go into those games.
We pretty much know what they are.
And the dual joystick design was developed by Mr. Jarvis there,
who was inspired by an automobile accident and playing Berserk.
He had injured his right hand, so he couldn't play the game to test it.
So, he had to be able to use his left hand as well.
So, that's where the joysticks came from.
He also created a second type of game like this to aim projectiles and things.
And so, he created a prototype using a Stargate arcade system board and two Atari 2600 controllers.
So, it basically led to the game we have here.
Other things about the game, as far as its story, it was inspired by 1984, the story by George Orwell.
Although this, of course, game did predate Terminator.
So, who knows, maybe Terminator was inspired by this.
But they wanted to do a more realistic time frame for the Big Brother theory.
Big Brother is watching you.
Of course, if robots do take over 1984, then I'm gonna say that they were pretty pathetic, don't you think?
And they also did all the play testing themselves.
Well, if I'm alive in 2084, I will be 106.
Girl.
So, I mean, here's hoping, but I'm thinking I'll be too senile to realize it if robots take over.
I'll probably see one of those enemies in this game with the brain that flashes all the different colors.
And I'll be like, it's shiny!
Well, basically, the game gets harder and harder and harder as it goes on.
When are they gonna make a game that gets easier?
When are they gonna make a game that gets easier?
They should call it Be Rich.
And the richer you get, the easier stuff gets.
Privilege the game.
Yeah, exactly.
So, in 2012, though, Eugene Jarvis wrote an evaluation of the Robotron enemy dynamics.
So the game is hardcoded with 40 waves, whereupon the game repeats wave 21 through 40 over and over until the game restarts back to original wave 1.
That's after wave 255 has been completed.
And so he actually put out a whole thing on there and gave details on how to trigger the secret room in Robotron.
So, the game was great.
It sold quite well.
It sold 19,000 arcade cabinets, and many cabs and cocktail versions were also later produced.
The different versions have become rarities.
Cocktail and cabaret versions are very rare, while the upright cabinets are more available.
It is one of the most collected arcade cabinets.
And, of course, it led to, of course, all kinds of other games and different things.
It actually has an entry in the Guinness Book of World Records.
It was listed as the number 11 arcade game with technical, creative, and cultural impact.
And it really, you know, the audio design on it, there's just really a lot going on for it.
I mean, I know I've already been into the technical aspects of it, but it really was, the simplicity of its gameplay was really a strong point.
But it was kind of a technical marvel under the hood for what it did at the time with what it had.
And you can say it's simple, but, like, if you're good at this game, like, you get gamer cred.
Because this game isn't easy, at least I don't think it's easy at all.
Well, and Eugene Jarvis, I mean, he also did Defender and Smash TV.
So, like I said, precursor to Smash TV.
If anything, I'd say Smash TV was the spiritual sequel to Robotron.
I'd buy it. They're very similar in many ways, especially with the twin-stick shooting and all that.
So there have been other remakes and sequels.
There was a game called Blaster, which was the official sequel, set in the same universe in 2085.
It actually is a little bit more maze-like with how you have to move around it.
And it's pretty freaking hard.
And then, of course, there were other kinds of remakes for the Atari 5200, the 7800, the Apple IIe, Commodore 64, and the TI-99 4A.
It also has releases on PlayStation 2 and Xbox compilations, the Midway Arcade Treasures.
There's a web-based version of it that runs in Shockwave.
So you have no reason not to try this game. Get your Shockwave on.
Shockwave is still supported.
So, also, Midway was going to do a plug-and-play version as part of their line of TV games, but it never came out.
So you can download it via Xbox. Well, you could download it via Xbox Live Arcade.
And it was taken down in February 2010 because it had some permission issues.
That's weird.
I think it is on the Xbox One backwards compatible anyway, though, which is weird.
So Jeff Minter, the other developer, did a game called Lomatron based on the design.
And then there is another one that came out on iOS called Minitron 2112.
There's also Robotron 2.
Electric Boogaloo.
It was a project that never actually came out.
They were really working on it because Demar went back to pinball development and Jarvis went back to college.
So they made an appearance. The robots in the game made an appearance in pixels.
Did anyone see that movie?
They also mentioned it in Ready Player One, the novel.
And there's a modified version of the game in Fallout 4's DLC, Automatron.
So they're also the world of Robotron 2084 appears in Lego dimensions in a portion of the level called All Your Bricks Are Belong to Us.
And there you go. Robotron 2084.
All right. There it is.
Before we say goodbye to Jamie, anything else that you want to let the listeners know for the week since I know you don't get to sit in on the whole show?
Anything? Pineapple is delicious.
Pineapple is delicious.
I'm planning on trying to make every fourth Sunday to make it, but I have to have time off because I have to pay my bills.
But until then...
Linda eats a lot, OK?
Until then, Radio Magic.
Radio Magic.
All right. Until next week, there it is, your classic game of the week, Robotron 2084.
Isn't Radio Magic awesome?
Anyway, here we are on episode number 741 of our show for this, August the 12th of 2018.
Continuing on with our program here with just Loki and myself in studio.
Dark Sakura gonna be absent from the show here in studio for some time.
But we do have Radio Magic, as we just did there.
So we'll be able to get her tuned in through Radio Magic.
And hopefully, as she mentioned at the end there, fourth weekends of the month and so forth as her work can allow it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase HIP.
Anyway, let's get into some rapid fire news. Loki.
Yes, so Nintendo has confirmed that the launch of Nintendo Switch Online will launch in the second half of September.
So they announced on Twitter.
And of course, as they mentioned, the service will provide access to online play and save game data, cloud backups, incompatible games, and a growing library of NES titles that will be added with online play.
All right, I'll believe it when I see it.
Give me some, I want to see the receipts.
I want to see the receipts.
I will believe it when I see it because, you know, promises.
I'm waiting, waiting to see it.
All right.
And then in movie news, we've got some more confirmations of who's going to be doing some voice work and in the Sonic the Hedgehog movie.
So Sonic is going to be voiced by Ben Schwartz.
That's right, Ben Schwartz, who you may remember from various projects like Parks and Rec.
Or actually, he does the voice of Dewey on DuckTales, the reboot now.
He's going to be doing Sonic the Hedgehog.
So that'll be interesting.
Want to check that out.
And as we mentioned before, Jim Carrey has confirmed that he will be playing Dr. Robotnik in the upcoming movie and basically said, you know, that his portrayal will be live action.
Oh, boy.
I love Jim Carrey, so of course I'll have to see this movie.
I still, there's a part of me that still feels like this movie is going to be so god awful.
But like, then again, I just saw Mamma Mia 2 and I loved it.
But here's the thing.
When I saw Mamma Mia 2, I knew exactly what I was saying.
Like, people ask me, was Mamma Mia 2 good?
And my answer to that is, look, you need to know exactly what you're going to see.
You're not just going to see a silly musical filled with ABBA songs to make you feel good and cry at the same time, but you're seeing a sequel to a movie filled with ABBA songs.
So if you know exactly what you're going to go see, then it's fine.
It will meet your expectations.
So I feel like Sonic the Hedgehog is one of those movies where I'm also going to need to go into it going, all right, y'all, I'm seeing a movie based on Sonic the Hedgehog.
Oscar nominee, it will not be.
Except, I guess...
It could win most popular.
Yeah, I guess now.
Maybe it could because the Oscars will let anything in now.
Anything for ratings.
Yup.
Yup.
Yeah, I'll have to check it out.
They also posted, I saw there was a post of a set pic that shows a sign saying, welcome to Green Hill.
Green Hill is a little town with a big heart.
Well, it looks better than the sign for a Schitt's Creek if you've ever seen that show.
I love that show.
I was going to say, Loki, if you've never seen Schitt's Creek, I think you did.
That show is hilarious.
I know, that show is so fucking funny.
Anyway, I need to watch more.
I've always seen like half the first season, but they're on like season four or five, right?
Yeah, I kind of stopped watching that.
Oh god. But it's funny.
It is funny, yeah.
It's like, there's great shows, like Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is funny.
I just didn't have time to really watch past season two, but one of these days I'll finish.
Anyway, let's talk about a device you can watch all these shows on.
The PlayStation 4 Pro. You can even play games.
The PlayStation 4 Pro has hit a big milestone.
They have sold more than 500 million units worldwide.
And to celebrate, Sony is going to release a limited edition PlayStation 4 Pro.
It's the 500 million limited edition Pro.
They're only going to make 50,000 of these.
So you do the math on what percentage of the pros out there will be this.
But anyway, they're going to be numbered as well, so I guess that kind of makes it even more, I guess, desirable.
I don't know.
What's also kind of neat about this, I mean, have you seen like the color?
It's really cool. It's like a translucent blue casing to it.
It's a really pretty looking thing.
Gold lettering on it, and then a translucent blue DualShock and PlayStation Camera.
So that's pretty cool.
So I might be into that if I had the money to dump on something like that.
If I hadn't just bought a PlayStation 4 Pro.
That's like when I bought my original Xbox with something like this.
I got the Halo Edition Xbox that was like a translucent green.
And so it actually looked really cool.
It was translucent green, and then the controller was green as well.
So yeah, I guess they've been doing these types of things for a while, but anyway.
Yeah, and they have that special, there's like two that are going to be extra special on top of that.
Because of the dates that coincide with the launch of...
What did they say the extra special numbers will do?
They didn't say what, but it's going to have something else in there.
Alright, well anyhow.
If you want to get one of these, $4.99 to pick one of these up on August 24th.
If you want to just get the controller, you can get that for $64.99.
And there's also going to be a limited edition gold wireless headset with the same translucent blue.
It's not part of the box set, but it's just something else available for $100.
If you have that kind of money to spend, enjoy.
Anyhow, let's talk about Mega Man 11.
This is a game you might be playing on your PlayStation 4, or your Switch, or your Xbox.
Or a variety of different platforms.
Apparently, Mega Man 11 demo is supposed to come out on Xbox One on September 4th.
A demo?
A demo, which I imagine would be a similar thing, like they'll have something as well on PlayStation 4.
They're doing console exclusives for demos now.
Yeah, I don't know.
In the demo, according to the description, take on all kinds of enemies and traps in the block band stage.
And use the new double gear system to slow down time or power up your shots and take down that boss.
So it sounds like you'll be able to play a stage from the game.
This is a throwback to Xbox 360.
Remember back in the Xbox 360 days when all those games had to have demos?
All the Xbox Live Arcade games had to have demos?
So I think because of that, if memory serves me right, Mega Man 9 had to have a demo.
Because it was on Xbox Arcade.
Because I feel like there was a demo where you could play one stage in Mega Man 9.
Yeah, they all have trial versions.
Yeah, so that's probably a similar deal here.
And Bobby Blackwell confirming he remembers there was one for Mega Man 9.
And Dark Tetsuya said, yep, I remember when it had one stage.
So this will probably be similar.
And I would imagine Block Man is not the stage you're supposed to play first.
So it's going to be challenging.
Because, you know, every Mega Man game has its boss order, right?
I imagine Block Man is not the first boss you're supposed to beat in Mega Man 11.
So it's going to be even.
Wouldn't that be a twist?
Anyway, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some full versions you can buy very soon.
Starting with the US, Loki.
Yep, this week we're getting Death's Gambit on PC and Playstation 4.
Tanglewood on PC, Mac, and Linux.
We've got The Walking Dead, the final season, episode 1 on PC, Playstation 4, and Xbox One.
World of Warcraft, Battle for Azeroth on PC and Mac.
And Penguin Wars on Nintendo Switch.
And State of Mind on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, Playstation 4, and Xbox One.
And we're only one week away from All Star Fruit Racing for Nintendo Switch.
Oh boy.
But that's for next, that's the week after, so.
Alright.
Let's travel to Japan and then of course while Jamie's gone maybe you could fill in on the UK dates hopefully.
Alright, cool.
So let's travel to Japan real quick where I actually, I don't really see a lot on Playstation 4 this week in Japan.
Because the next set of releases I see are all the way out in the 20s.
So I guess that's it.
I don't know if there's something going on in Japan this week, but Playstation 4 doesn't have anything.
Let me check and see if there's something on the Switch that is the reason why it's causing everything to be held up.
No, is there a holiday out there or something?
I don't know.
Yeah, it's an empty week in Japan.
There's nothing on Playstation 4, there's nothing on Nintendo Switch, and nothing on Nintendo 3DS.
Although there will be, there are more Yokai Watch Blasters games due on the 3DS eventually.
So, you know, there's still stuff coming to 3DS.
Well there's that WarioWare game that came out recently too.
Yeah, I hear that's pretty crazy.
Yeah, so anyway, pretty bleak week in Japan.
How about the UK?
UK, we've got a World of Warcraft, Battle for Azeroth, Collector's Edition, and Dead Cells,
which is going to be coming out on Playstation 4, and Switch, and of course World of Warcraft on PC and Mac.
And that is it.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us, participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com
Unless you don't, in which case last week we learned you all got a punishment.
Last week.
But we actually got, I think the punishment worked, because we got a lot of emails this week.
But it's kind of funny what some of these say though, we'll get into it.
So we actually have several emails to get into tonight.
With Dark Sakura not here, of course I'll be taking over emails for a little bit.
So Robert M. starts us off tonight saying,
I'm still enjoying the Switch port of Fortnite Battle Royale, but haven't yet invested in a battle pass.
My brother's 13 year old son has generally fallen off shooters,
but interestingly, his 5 year old son plays it on my console when I bring it over, or he's at my house.
5 years old playing Fortnite? I can't even imagine.
But I guess then again, I was playing games on the Commodore 64 at like 6 or 7, so.
My kid's not playing Fortnite. I haven't thought about downloading it, but he's playing Octodad.
He's been like, just tons of Octodad.
My brother himself gave the game a try and confessed it was his type of game,
although his busy lifestyle doesn't give him much time for gaming, what with his job and two sons.
If either tried to join me via mobile, would it necessarily work?
I do know the console says, play with same console on screen.
Would that change if I had a friends list populated by players with an Epic account on mobile, PC, or Xbox One?
Also, is there any chance of the success of Battle Royale bringing the save the world PvE to the Switch?
I would say as far as your second question goes, I mean, anything's possible,
especially when money does a lot of talking, so I would think with as well as that game's doing on Switch,
I would think, sure, why wouldn't they bring the save the world PvE to that as well?
I don't play enough Fortnite to really be able to answer your first question. I'd have to defer to chat.
I think that it would be cross-play, as long as you're not on PlayStation, of course,
because they don't play nice with anyone.
Yeah, he says he doesn't have anyone on his friends list that's mobile, PC, or Xbox One,
so maybe you have to add some people there through the Epic Games website or through the app?
Yeah, I don't know about that.
I would try doing that, add some people through the app, and then see...
But it's supposed to be everything.
Yeah, it is supposed to work.
Unless you're a PlayStation, because fuck everybody if you're on PlayStation.
PlayStation's on an island all by themselves.
All right, thanks for the email.
Next email from Redertainment, who says,
Dear Jamie, if it's not too much trouble, and I don't mean to pry or demand,
but I'd like to hear more stories from the Leatherbar. Thank you.
Stay care, Redertainment.
Well, joke's on you. She's not here to tell the stories, but maybe with some radio magic,
I can pre-record some stories. She loves that.
Some stories in advance for when we need punishment in future weeks due to lack of emails.
It kind of seems weird that we're talking about punishment and Leatherbar at the same time.
This is going in a whole weird BDSM.
I'll tell you what, though, if we go like four weeks in a row with no emails,
I'm going to tell you about when I went to Chicago and went to a bar called Jackhammer.
That's all I'm going to say.
It was shocking. It was shocking.
What's that? You remember that?
I was going to say, you remember that movie, Bruno? Well, you know.
No, I never saw it. I didn't want to see that movie because I was just afraid it was going to piss me off.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about the next email. The next email is from Brandon.
Hi, Brandon.
Hi, OLR. I love the show and have listened for about 10 years.
That is an awesome accomplishment. Thanks, Brandon.
I cannot express the happiness and comfort you all have brought me during this time.
You all have been with me through health scares, family issues, and huge social movements.
College, moving, first job, etc. during this time.
I wish I could express my gratitude beyond an email.
I'm so happy you are still podcasting after so many podcasts have dropped off.
Thanks for all you do. And that's from Brandon.
And there's no questions or anything in there. It's just a nice note.
Well, that's nice.
Yeah, I know. I can't tell you how much that shit means.
Exactly. I'm glad that somebody cares about this shit.
I shouldn't call it shit. But I can't tell you how much it means. Like, really.
Like, especially, you know, here's the thing, guys.
Even though you say in your email, you've all been with me through health scares, family issues, and huge social movements.
Something to think about, you've been there for me through all those same things.
And with Loki and with Dark Sakura.
Like, y'all know I had a fucking terrible year last year.
And if you were listening to OLR last year, you know what a crap year I had last year.
But this show was, honestly, the first couple weekends, like, this show was the reason I, like, got out of my room or got out of my bed.
It's like that constant thing that I have that I feel like my social obligation I have to do on Sunday. You know what I mean?
And technically I don't have to do it.
But I didn't want to let you guys down. I wanted to be here. I wanted to do something to take my mind off of everything else that was going on.
And, you know, I say me, but I know Loki's been in similar situations as has Dark Sakura.
And, you know, you guys have been there for me.
So, Brandon, it works both ways. It really does.
And so when I hear somebody who's been there for, like, ten years, I'm so fucking impressed.
And I'm so, like, honored and thanked.
Honestly, somebody survived through ten minutes of this episode, I'm thankful and I'm honored.
Yeah.
Especially after Loki shattered all your speakers in part A.
Ah, they're used to it by now.
Alright. And thank you. You guys are talking some nice things in chat.
She-Hulk says, thank you for doing the podcast. You do an excellent job.
Well, you know what? You guys do an excellent job of providing commentary in our chat.
And, honestly, live fact-checking. You guys are really good at it.
In fact, sometimes it pisses me off how good you guys are. No, I'm kidding.
Dungeon Buster says, thanks for spending your Sundays with us.
Well, thanks for spending your Sundays with us.
Aw, group hug. Bring it in.
Alright. Let's go into this last email tonight, which comes from...
It's not signed, so I'll just say Jamie.
Not to be confused with our Jamie. It's a different Jamie.
Jamie says, just wanted to say that I really appreciate that you have a decently long show.
You make the work shift fly by.
But it got me wondering, is there some way to track back to some of your older episodes?
Like an archive I can dig around in.
I'd actually be curious to listen to the first episode of OLR.
That does exist.
Technically, it's not something we officially endorse.
But it's one of those things where I think it's cool that it exists.
But I'm gonna tell you why we don't officially try to direct you to find the first episode of OLR.
Because it was a very different show back then.
It took us a long time to get the polish.
And even now, do we really have that much of a polish?
But you go to those first few episodes of OLR, they can be a little rough.
And it's also tricky to distribute those episodes because we played music a lot during the show.
Because it wasn't podcast back then. That's kind of like what you did.
We tried to make a morning show but on Sunday nights type of thing.
Where we'd have a little segment, do some music, come back to a segment, do some music.
And because our show was so influenced by music-based games, we always had music to play.
We were playing the latest DDR music and all that stuff.
So I warn you, if you go chasing those old episodes down and they're out there,
just expect that it's gonna be a very different show.
And here's the other thing.
Because this is what people do in the year 2018.
I'm not gonna take responsibility for some of the things that have been said on those earlier episodes.
Oh god, yes.
Because here's the thing.
This show has existed for 15 years.
And there are probably things I've said on this show, and Loki said on this show, and Jamie said on this show even,
15 years ago, that probably wouldn't be okay to say now.
Of course, I tried to say things that were the most offensive things I could think of at the time.
So, if you are trying to dig up old episodes to use that shit against us now, like, fucking don't.
First off, no one's gonna give a shit because they're like, who?
Yeah, exactly, who?
But at the same time, I would not be surprised at all if I heard a phrase on television, on Project Runway,
like, hot tea dash dash dash mess.
I probably would've used that phrase here on the show because I loved Project Runway at the time.
I wouldn't use that phrase now because I realize that that is, like, I've come a long way and I've learned
that that word is very offensive and holds a lot of weight to some people.
And I don't wanna offend those people.
So, that's all I'm gonna say, again, as well as to digging up old shit.
Because that seems to be the thing to do now to people is dig up the fucking archives from such and such day
and find the dirt.
And I imagine, look, I'm not saying this as an excuse to yell at you, Jamie,
because I'm sure your intentions are very pure and very good and I really appreciate that,
but I just kinda wanna get that out there.
If y'all are gonna seek out back episodes, we probably said some shit on those episodes that we regret saying.
So, please do not come at me with, why did you say such XYZ thing on episode five and six?
Because we were stupid then and we're stupid now and still learning every day,
but we're trying to do better with every day as I think most decent people are.
So, anyhow, there you go.
SSJ100Matt says, the first hundred episodes of OLR were very different, but the same humor and fun is still there.
Yeah, I think it was 138 was the magic number.
Was 138 when the podcast and the live show got married?
I don't remember.
Because for those who don't know the history of OLR-
It's probably on the wiki.
It is on the wiki.
Well, I'm hoping Dark Dead Studio probably just knows.
Yeah, Dark Dead Studio, 170.
Okay, thank you.
I think 130 was when we started doing the podcast concurrently with the live show.
It was around that number, like 131 or 132.
Because for those who don't know the history of OLR, we were a live show dedicated to music games.
And then when we found out about podcasting, we were like, well, let's do like this OLR to go edition that's going to be about all video games.
Yeah, because podcasts were like-
Was brand new.
Ten minutes, like-
Yeah, it was like 10, 20 minutes, you know, and that was, it was like, and so it started like this 20 minute side podcast and then it grew and grew and then fucking iTunes got podcasting.
We were on it and that's when our show kind of exploded and we've never been that big ever since.
But then it was like our to go edition started to become like an hour long.
Then there was a point where we kind of sat there and went, okay, so we have our three hour live show we're doing that has maybe 2% of the listeners right now that we have an iTunes on our to go edition.
And right now there ain't a whole lot happening in music gaming because Konami wasn't making new music games at the time.
Guitar Hero had not quite yet broken through yet, so it was in that weird low.
So we just made a decision. We were like, you know what, we're going to take our old format and our new content and make that one show.
And that was the show you hear now.
So that OLR started, I guess it started to, has it marked episode 170 was kind of the first of the modern OLR, I suppose.
But I still think the years before it count, which is why I say we've been doing what we've been doing for 16 years and why there are really not a lot of shows that are able to get very close to that.
Because we did kind of have the jump by having a live show for as long as we did before podcasting was even a thing.
So, anyway, um, yeah.
Dark Tetsuya says, of course, the very first week we did the podcast, they went and announced DDR Supernova.
Yeah, I'd like to think that was just really just so that Jason Enos could get at us.
No, I'm just kidding. I'm making that up.
Obviously that came from, uh, actually it was really cool because we got to go to that Konami event where they unveiled Supernova.
You were like the second person in the US to play DDR Supernova.
Oh yeah, I did. I had Naoki watching me.
Yeah, that was awesome. Anyway.
Cause everyone was like, cause I think they were doing, everyone was like playing Metal Gear Solid 3.
Yeah, cause all these other games were announced.
I'm like, fuck that shit. I'm all over Supernova. I don't give a shit about your fuck.
Well, they had also BeatMania. That was the home version of BeatMania that came over. BeatMania US.
But I was like, fuck that shit. I don't give a shit about that. I'm playing Supernova cause I want to play that.
Uh, Raginator in chat says, OLR so old that the host can't remember how goddamn old the show is.
You're right. Cause YYR keeps saying it's 16 years by the way, not 15.
You're right. I should know better. 15 is a rounder number for some reason. I keep saying 15. 15 plus. 15 plus. Fourth mix plus.
Um, and then uh, here's the link. If you really want to get to the old shows.
Dark Tetsuya has an archive up. It's over at bit.ly, like the little URL shortener, slash OLR chive.
It's supposed to be OLR archive, but it reads like OLR chive. So there it is.
But again, please remember all those disclaimers I gave you about the old content. It is old content.
All right. That wasn't all of Jamie's email though. Sorry. We derailed halfway through that happens sometimes.
Um, so the second part of the email goes, Oh, and by the way, I'm not sure about the other listeners, but you can go ahead and pretend that you didn't get any emails again.
I almost didn't send this one because Jamie's so-called punishment stories are a kick. Ha ha.
He all better be careful because maybe next year we'll just get rid of classic game of the week and we'll just have Jamie's story time of the week.
All right. Thank you so much for the email, Jamie. And thank you everybody for the emails. I really appreciate that.
And you guys know that there's always going to be random stories of some sort here on the show.
I just, I just really like to get emails. You guys, I'm also curious because this question kind of came up offline.
Is there like another way you guys would want to interact with us? Like, because here's the thing.
And I know it's a weird question, but like, I also kind of also realize that email is getting a little more and more dated.
Like, I feel like people aren't using email as much as they are like Facebook messenger.
Right? Like I don't, I don't email Alan when I need to get his attention. I send him a message on Google Hangouts.
Or I text a friend or I use Facebook Messenger for some people. It's kind of weird because like I jump on this platform.
It's called Google Plus. We're there. Did you know ORLR has a Google Plus page?
Don't you remember the foogle question of the week, you old man? Man, we're on the same platform as Infowars.
Ah, fuck off. Alright, anyway. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, we use all dated stuff here.
IRC, dated. Email, dated. Shoutcast, dated. Forums, dated. But now dated. Skype, dated.
Everybody wants to get us, get a hold of us through Ello.
Sia Tabiri in chat says, I'm holding out for the Scruff profile.
That's right. ORLR, now available on Grindr.
Be sure to swipe right and set a date with ORLR.
Alright, anyhow. Look, we're asking a lot of these same questions and Bobby says all that stuff.
But, you know, there might be a winky face there. Anyway, let's move on and talk about some more gaming news.
We have more stories to get to. And then our ancient fucking Skype line at Orange Laundry.
Which, I don't, why is everybody saying Skype is dated?
Like, I talked to you guys, like, a couple months ago about how I was playing one of those online Facebook survivor-y type of games, right?
Because, like, it was my mystery project I was working on for a little while.
And it all fucking uses Skype. And the people that played that game and the communities, they all still use Skype.
I'm in, like, all these group Skype chats.
So, what is the new, if it's dated, then what is the current way? Is it supposed to be through, you know...
Many shows, especially in the gaming community, are using Discord in this day and age.
So, what'll happen is that you'll set up a channel and if somebody wants to call in, quote unquote, they go to a special channel on Discord.
And you can, like, pull that person into, like, your live call room and you talk to them through Discord.
And I don't, but here's, so, like, I would assume some of the advantages of that is you don't have to add anybody to a contact list.
It's open, it's public, it's easy to get to. You can do it on your mobile phone or you can do it on your desktop.
But you can do Skype on your mobile phone or your desktop.
So, that's why I always kind of like Skype, was that, and why I've kind of shifted to what you'll notice.
I don't even give out a phone number anymore, because who uses that anymore?
Plus, Skype is on some game consoles, whereas Discord is not on game consoles.
It is, it is. But I don't know, but for some reason, that's what the kids today are using, is Discord.
So, it's interesting, anyway. Also, to an extent, Google Hangouts, I think, still.
To an extent. I think it's a little harder to arrange your live calls through there, but I remember a time when Skype was down for an extended period,
that we were looking at doing Google Hangouts as, like, a stopgap.
So, I don't know. But anyway, our ancient fucking Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio coming up after some more news.
Lowkey, let's get back to gaming.
Let's talk about Bethesda again. Yay!
This time, I don't know. It's not a huge deal, but Bethesda is basically threatening that they're not going to release the Elder Scrolls Legends on systems that don't allow cross-play.
That would be probably like, you know, the PlayStation 4.
The Elder Scrolls Legends is a strategy card game that encompasses both single and multiplayer.
It's both cross-platform play and cross-platform progress.
But it would only be cross-play on certain systems. It is our intention for the game to come out.
It has to be one of those things on any system. We cannot have a game that works one way across everywhere else, except for one thing.
And the way the game works right now on Apple, Google, Steam, and BethesdaNet, it doesn't matter where you buy the stuff.
If you play it on another platform, the stuff is there.
It doesn't matter on what platform you play on. You play it against anybody else who was playing it at that moment.
There's no, oh, it's easier to control, or, oh, it has a better frame rate on the system.
It's a strategy card game. It doesn't matter.
So basically saying that, you know, they're talking to their platform partners, but those terms are non-negotiable.
We can't be talking about one version of Legends where you take your progress with you and another version where it stays within that ecosystem walled off from everyone else.
There's your shade thrown at Sony.
Sony is going to break on this stance. They are under so much, Sony is going to break on this stance, and they're going to do it in a very public fashion.
Probably it's going to be one of their announcements at PSX, is that they're going to announce that Fortnite will soon be like cross playable with Nintendo Switch or something.
They're gonna, they're gonna bulge on it because there's so much public pressure going on, but they're gonna do it in a fashion where everybody can cheer and go,
good guy Sony, and we'll all forget that they were ever the bad guy in the first place.
I never forget. I never forget.
Do you? Alright.
Fuck you EA and your stupid online pass.
YYR says Sony is under no pressure. Sony will do what Sony wants to do.
YYR, have you ever read the replies to a PlayStation tweet recently?
And look, I get Twitter is not always the most accurate representation of society. I completely understand that.
However, I do, I do think there's a lot of loud clamoring about Sony and the thing is some of this starts to get reported on in the press.
And then you have things like this that Bethesda is coming out and saying, if Sony doesn't change, then we're going to release everywhere.
I think Sony's stance on this will be, and I quote them, actually, I'm going to quote Bethesda here.
It's a strategy guard game. It doesn't matter. So they're not going to fucking care.
Sony is going to fuck themselves the exact same way Microsoft fucked themselves when Street Fighter 5 got announced as an exclusive for what?
Sony and PC. Just wait, there's going to be something like this that's going to come out and they're going to say,
Oh, it's Microsoft switch and PC and it's not coming for Sony.
And it's going to be much bigger than a strategy guard game.
You joke. I know it's joke. They'll come through joke.
Anyway, someday. All right.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, hell, the Sony Fortnite story made it to CNBC or Fox business during E3.
They interviewed Reggie and asked him about Sony and Fortnite. Reggie's like, that's up to them.
You'll have to ask them. That's very true. Fuck those guys.
Anyhow. Um, YYR says a very vocal, tiny minority does not speak as loud as the millions of dollars pouring in from loyal PlayStation gamers.
Yes and no. Again, we just reported on Bethesda or you'll discuss Bethesda is about to not release a game on a Sony platform because of this.
And maybe it's, Oh well, it's a card game this time, but what developer is it going to be next time?
I remember they have other games other than card games. They have like the other scroll six or whatever the other game there.
But this it's there's Skyrim again. I'm just, this is what I'm saying.
History will repeat itself except this time it's going to be Sony and not Microsoft.
Just like when the PlayStation three was first announced and it was Sony and not migrant like the history will repeat itself.
I guarantee it. All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's talk about torchlight. Why not? We talked about Diablo earlier in the show.
Should we talk about torchlight? Well, sadly, I'm not here to talk about torchlight three, but this sounds like it might be just as awesome.
If not more awesome torchlight frontiers has been announced. It is a shared world action RPG.
And of course it's the same universe as torchlight one and two.
So this time the reason why they're calling it a different thing is because it is a shared persistent dynamically generated world.
So players and their pets will hack and slack their way through the game.
There'll be ancient ruins of lost civilizations and of course, loot, loot, loot more to come at a later date.
Of course, this game is in development at extra games. Sorry if I mispronounced that.
Runic Games and Blizzard North co-founder Max Schaeffer is behind extra games leading this.
And a lot of the team is folks that have worked on Diablo previously and torchlight.
That's why a lot of people love torchlight.
Gamescom 2018 and PAX West will be the first time to get your hands on it.
So I'm guessing that's when more information will be out.
One more quote here from Max Schaeffer who says,
Evolving the torchlight universe into a shared world has always been a goal for the franchise.
I'm excited that we're finally able to make it a reality.
Torchlight frontiers will be a living, breathing universe that will still feel uniquely torchlight with our own creative spin.
The team is building something truly special and we can't wait for fans to play it for the first time at Gamescom and PAX West.
It will be available on PC, Playstation 4, and Xbox One.
Well, I guess we know that persistent world won't be shared between all those platforms.
But actually, I kind of dig the idea of like a one world, one persistent world type of thing.
That's going to be very interesting in a Diablo-esque type of game.
So I'm kind of curious how that's going to pan out.
And the torchlight games are really good.
Like, you know, torchlight 2 was a good, especially because torchlight 2 and Diablo 3 kind of came out around the same time.
And it was like Diablo 3 when it first came out was a bit, bit turdy.
So torchlight 2 is a really good kind of like thing to play while they were making Diablo 3 better.
And then by the time you kind of wore out torchlight 2, it was like, oh, Diablo 3 is better again.
So, yeah, I'd be very interested to see where this goes.
So I kind of like that they're doing something a little different with it.
So I'll be checking out torchlight frontiers.
I hope those of you that are going to one of these conventions that we name check there will get to check that out as well.
Loki.
All right.
And then let's talk a little bit about Germany and what Germany can now do.
So it used to be that any sort of Nazi imagery in games in Germany would have to be censored.
Well, now after pressure, I guess, from the German Games Industry Association, the government has relaxed their laws regarding that in certain circumstances.
So now, long story short, they can go ahead and show Nazi imagery in video games again.
So it doesn't have to be censored in the new Wolfenstein game, for example.
Well, I'm not particularly one to celebrate this news.
However, I understand if we don't learn from history, we are doomed to repeat it.
So from a, I suppose, educational and historical accuracy type of, you know, place.
So I get it.
Yeah.
So that's where that symbol needs to stay.
I want to make that very clear, too.
Right.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's talk about Facebook and AR gaming on Facebook.
Now, I know when I say AR games, you might think about stuff like Pokemon Go, because it kind of like it sort of has like the AR mode in there, although I never use it.
The only time I've ever used the AR thing on Pokemon Go is when you have to use it to get Mew.
Oh, you have to?
Yeah.
But it's not as bad as it sounds.
It's just part of like the little magic.
But it's very like Mew.
Spoiler alert.
Mew is a guaranteed catch on the third ball.
You throw the first ball, it shakes once.
Throw the second ball, it shakes twice.
Third ball, you're always going to catch it.
So it's just, it's just a cute little thing to do.
Yeah, I don't play with the augmented reality part on because that's just like...
No, it'll turn it on.
It'll turn it on.
I know, I know.
You have to have a phone that doesn't support it at all to have Mew be a regular catch.
Because it's just like, it's like, hey, it's battery drain mode, you know?
No, thanks.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, Facebook, because, you know, Facebook really wants to get into gaming.
Somehow, or it seems like, I swear to God, I feel like every six months on this show
we're like, here's how Facebook plans to get into gaming and then nothing.
Whatever happened to the competitive Pac-Man and messaging and stuff?
They have it, but no one gives a shit about it.
Yeah, I know, right?
Anyway.
Because every time everybody thinks about Facebook, they think about, oh, hey, they're
stealing our data.
That's true.
Anyway, or, oh, hey, that's where grandma posts all her racist shit.
It's on Facebook, right?
Anyway.
Pretty soon it's going to have to be Google Plus.
Anyway, going over to AR gaming in Messenger.
That's where Messenger's going to be doing AR gaming in video chats on the mobile apps.
So six people can play these simple competitive games and you can use your face.
You use the little star button to pick a game and that will let you play.
So some games you can play feature such soon to be classics as Asteroids Attack,
where you steer a spaceship around obstacles with your nose.
There's another game called Don't Smile, which it's a fucking staring contest.
It is a fucking staring contest as an AR game.
So I actually think these games sound so ridiculous.
Don't Smile is what I'm going to be doing when I get a request for somebody to play.
Don't Smile.
Like, fuck off, you know. No.
Don't Smile is what I think about when somebody wants to play an AR Facebook game with me.
No, but these sound so ridiculous.
I almost want to do a live stream of playing these ridiculous ass games.
Let's see, there are also, there's more future editions coming soon.
Beach Bump, where you bounce a ball between players.
And lastly, but not leastly, Kitten Craze, where you match cats.
I don't know how you do that with your face, but I'm told you match cats.
It's a kitty matching game.
Anyhow, this is all part of Facebook's strategy to keep you involved using the Messenger app,
because, as we just mentioned earlier, people are using Messenger where, you know,
email was what was used before, but now people are looking at other things,
like Discord, like Skype, like Slack, whatever.
So anyway, yeah, I guess there might be some people that are into this.
You know, if you're like 14, I guess this stuff would be hilarious,
but I don't think I'll be using it anytime soon.
Yeah, that's going to be a no for me.
A no for me, dog.
Is anyone out there in our chat going to play Don't Smile?
Or, you know what Don't Smile is?
It's a way for the government to watch you using your video camera.
That's what Don't Smile is.
Don't smile. The president is watching you.
All right. YYR in chat says, nah, I'd lose right away.
Yeah, with certain people, the minute their face comes on screen, it's going to happen.
Just come up on the screen smiling, oh, damn, I lost, bye.
Hang on.
All right, a few more stories for you, Loki.
So Discord is going to be launching their own curated game store.
I wondered how they were going to make money.
Haven't you wondered that?
Haven't you sat there wondering, how is Discord going to make money?
Like, everybody is using, like, there's tons of things on Discord right now,
which, by the way, guys, don't forget, you can go to vognetwork.com slash Discord
and join the official VOG Network Discord.
So anyways, there's a new tab, I guess it's called Games,
or Store or something like that,
and basically they're going to offer games on there,
and they even have a program which is a first on Discord program,
which funds any game developers in exchange for temporary exclusives.
Exclusivity window usually lasts 90 days,
and there'll be some new universal library that will scan for games on your machine
and, I guess, boot the launchers for those games.
You know, I have to say, the first on Discord thing reminds me a lot of the Ouya.
Because they had a similar program as well.
They did.
They did.
It was the first on Ouya, and...
Ouya, that wasn't very good.
Ouya!
Ouya? Oh yeah!
What do you think about the whole, like, Discord game store as a whole, though?
Do you think it's something that could really give Steam a run for its money?
I mean, I guess it's early to be thinking things like that, but...
I don't know, I did notice that they switched it so that when you boot up the app,
which many people have when they boot up their computer,
now it starts showing you, like, gaming news by default.
And it's kind of targeted at, like, the games that you play.
So, like, I'll see gaming news, I'll see the common games that I play,
like a quick launch bar.
I'm gonna tell you right now, this is a good thing for indie gamers,
or indie games, because I can put my game on Steam,
where it's gonna get hidden in that pile of garbage,
or I can put my game on this service that hardly has anything on it,
and it's gonna get more views on it.
Interesting.
So I think that's where they have an advantage there.
Well, I just, I think Discord kind of backdoor their store into so many computers
by launching this as a free chat.
I mean, so many people, because Discord is basically doing what Slack was doing,
but not charging anybody for it, and it has, like, all that voice chat built in.
So, so many people are going to Discord, and as we've seen in the media,
and I don't want to get too far down this rabbit hole,
but even certain non-gaming things have started using Discord,
and some of them have been extremely controversial,
and Discord has rightly, you know, put the smackdown on many of those,
like, crappy things that were there, because I guess it would be kind of hard
for Discord to police what is gaming and what is not gaming.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So, but anyway, but now, I guess Discord, to its credit,
by backdooring this whole store into, so Discord was kind of like a Trojan horse
this whole time, in a way.
It wheeled its way into your computer as a free chat service,
and now, ta-da, it's a store, and gaming news and all this,
but with it being now a branded gaming store, and gaming news, and all this stuff,
now it's very much a gaming service, and hopefully is less attractive
for things that have nothing to do with gaming that shouldn't be on Discord,
or anywhere, for that matter.
So, anyway.
Rama in chat says,
Slack is more for businesses than it is for games.
Yeah, it is, but I think about, like, you know, like, Ingressors,
I know, use Slack a lot, and I'm sure there's other,
I've seen certain other gaming communities use Slack.
I know, like, certain development communities,
which I guess is kind of business, have used Slack.
A lot of these things were kind of built before Discord.
So, I mean, there are gaming communities that have used Slack.
There was a hot minute where we were looking at Slack for VOG Network,
but it was, like, literally five seconds later, Discord came out,
and you know what the key difference was?
Well, besides cost. That's a big one.
The key difference was that with Slack, you have to invite people to it,
and that's, like, making people ask for an invite is going to turn away
so many people that are not going to bother to ask for an invite.
But with Discord, you can leave the front door open and say,
come on in, party's over here.
So when I say go to vognetwork.com slash Discord,
that's exactly what you're doing.
You're just going to the front door and walking on in
because you're able to do, like, an open invite.
And the fact that it's free is also kind of another big, big, big, you know,
selling point on that.
But, you know, I get that Slack is also used in a lot of business type of situations.
So, hmm. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
yeah, I live on Slack on the weekdays and Discord on the weekends.
Anyway. All right.
One more story for you guys,
and I think many of you guys have seen this floating around the internet.
Have you seen this kind of like this meme that's out there,
this story about the man on the bike, the 70-year-old man, Chen San Wan,
old man who lives in Taiwan. He's 70 years old.
He has a rig hooked up to his bicycle
where he plays nine phones at a time.
I guess apparently, though, there is a setup that would allow for 11,
but he basically has them all strapped to his bike,
and you can see this in the little, I guess there's like a news thing
that's floating around that you can see this in him playing the game.
There's a battery that powers all these phones on the bike, of course,
that will provide power to all these phones up to 20 hours.
And I'm thinking, like, everybody's seen this guy in their town.
I don't know about you at Pokmon Go raids,
but I've seen this person that brings, it's not on a bike,
but a fucking clipboard or a board with,
and I think the most number of phones I've seen on a board is seven.
I've seen somebody bring seven phones on a board to a raid where it's like,
they could do this raid by themselves with all of their phones,
but it's easier to do it with other people or whatever,
or sometimes, you know, especially because,
but I was like, how do you tap all those phones at once?
And they actually showed me.
If you face the phones, like, one upside down and one next to you,
so the ball button is at the bottom,
or it's just at the top in one place and at the bottom in another,
then you spread your fingers out like this,
and you go up and down the screen.
You tap, tap, tap, tap.
You go up and down your clipboard.
You tap each one once really fast,
and that's how you battle with like six or seven at once.
Isn't that crazy?
This is totally violating the, you know, terms of service.
I know, and like, as an Ingress player.
Like, I get it.
Like, oh, it's so quaint that this old man, like, fuck you.
I don't give a shit how old you are.
You're fucking breaking the rules.
But at the same time, like, I understand.
Like, here's the thing.
Yeah, the Ingresser in me is like, this is so wrong,
but at the same time, I'm like, you know what?
Pokemon Go, it's a different game,
and I just, I just, if that's how somebody wants to spend their money,
spend their time, spend their life.
Better than them doing that and also, you know.
I support.
GPS hacking.
Yeah, I was going to say, I support that way more than I support GPS hacking.
That's, you know what?
If you want to ride around on a bike with 20 phones,
at least you're out there on a bike doing it yourself,
and you're not, like, fucking cheating from your basement.
So, you know what?
If you want a multi-account, go right ahead.
In Pokemon Go, go right ahead.
But if you want a multi-account in PvP games like Ingress, fuck right off.
That's my opinion.
Anyway.
S2100mattinchat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
the one guy I talked to with four phones was an older man
who is playing on his kids' and his wife's account.
They can't raid during the day, so on my lunch break, I play for them.
And to be fair, there have been times where I've been,
especially when it was easier to catch unknowns because of the scanners,
I would be like, one time an unknown spawned at the old apartment complex
where we used to tape this show before we were here.
Like, they actually spawned?
Yeah, an unknown spawned over there.
Well, this is when scanners were working, so people knew that it was there.
So it's not that far from here, right?
Because we only moved, like, five minutes away, right?
So we got in the car and went over there,
and I texted one of my friends to say, this is what we're going to do.
And my friend was like, log into my account and get it for me.
And I was like, all right, I'll do it.
So I logged out.
Once I caught it, I logged out of my Google.
I logged into his Google and then caught it on his account, too.
But do they actually spawn unknowns anymore, or is that just...
They do, but because the scanners aren't available,
they're a lot harder to pinpoint.
People don't know where to look for them or find them.
So they're out there, especially during special events.
They're always out there during special events.
Yeah, I need to catch ghost-type Pokmon now.
Yeah.
ActDeftInChat says, unknowns spawn everywhere.
The thing is really hard to find.
It's a bummer you didn't go to Capitol Park last week
because it was a Duskull nest.
So they were everywhere.
Look for a Duskull or a Mistrivo nest because those two will nest.
I don't know if Shuppets nest.
They might, question mark.
But Duskull...
Gasliesel nest.
I remember that was one of the last gen ones.
Didn't they have, because I haven't gotten to the point yet
where you have to evolve either a Magikarp.
What's the other one they want?
Magikarp or...
You have to catch a Ditto and evolve a Magikarp.
I've already caught a Ditto.
Okay.
I've already done that.
There's no other, like, massive candy.
Okay, I wasn't sure if it was Magikarp or...
No, it's only Magikarp.
People are theorizing that in later quests
you will have to evolve one of the other 400 candy things
like Wailmer or the little bird, Swablu.
Yes, because I'm very close to evolving a Swablu.
Like, if I need this for, like...
I know, right?
Maybe I should just hold off because it's garbage anyways, but...
Yeah.
Okay, ActDeft says, Shuppets do nest.
Oh, that's good.
sj100mat points out they spawned, like, the Unowns at PAX East and E3.
So I'm sure some of the people going to PAX pretty soon
will be seeing some of those.
By the way, I am going to open the Skype line now.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype
while we finish our Pokemon Go chat.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call and talk about anything
we haven't talked about yet or something you want to comment on.
sj100mat says Lunatones are also a little random.
That's one of the few things I don't have yet.
This is fucking Lunatones.
Those are hard to find.
Those are really hard to find.
They spawn downtown, so, like, once in a while
you'll see a report in Discord.
Which, usually, I'm not looking...
I should probably join the Discord.
I know, but, God, I'm usually...
I'm not looking at it because there's so much there.
Like, it's just, like, it's always full.
They're always having to prune inactive people.
So it's, like, you know, it's, like, full bust at the seams
of 2,000 people over on Discord.
And it's, like, there's so much noise because of that.
I mean, they have it split into 11 billion channels.
Like, every neighborhood in Sacramento has their own little,
like, subgroup.
But then what I find happens is that a lot of the subgroups
then split off into their own thing.
So the raiders here, instead of using Discord
and the channel that was made for this neighborhood,
they used GroupMe.
So it's, like, I have to have Slack for Ingress.
I have to have Discord for other games.
I have it for, like, Pokemon Go and stuff.
I have to have GroupMe for this.
I have to have Telegram, because now a lot of the people
that used to use Hangouts and Ingress,
now they want to use Telegram.
I have to use, like, oh, my God, my folder of, like,
chat apps on my phone is fucking disgusting.
Anyway.
All right, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call,
we have a call coming in right now.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, Robert.
It's Regenator.
Hey, Regenator.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Uh, no, no, a whole lot.
Um, you know, you know, you know, a quick, you know,
gaming-related question, assuming that there's, uh,
time after the question, uh, quick PSA.
Okay.
Uh, subject was brought up towards the beginning of the show.
Sure was the question.
All right.
Now, obviously, uh, everyone doesn't have infinite amount of time
and energy to play video games,
but we still have an interest in gaming nonetheless.
Uh-huh.
That being said, when we don't have the time and or energy
to play games, do you guys have, uh, an interest in, you know,
making use of gaming-related media to kill, uh,
kill the time, pass the time?
Uh, and if so, what is your favorite media?
Gaming-related media to pass the time.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Like YouTubes.
Yeah, like, you're listening to, you know, game soundtracks,
watching Twitch channels, uh, uh, reading, uh, gaming-themed books.
I listen to gaming podcasts, and my very favorite is Orange Lounge Radio
at vognetwork.com.
It should be the answer everyone's giving.
No, I'm just kidding.
Uh, but sure, gaming podcasts.
Why not?
I listen to some in my car.
I listen to, like, you know, Game Buoy,
and if I miss a week of Bobby Black Wolf, you know,
some of the other, you know, gaming-related shows here at VOG Network,
I listen to them in my car.
So that's a legit answer.
Uh, Twitch, absolutely.
And it's so funny.
You know, I know I was talking about that whole disclaimer about,
you know, things change from 15 years ago, uh, to now.
Like, I remember there was a time on this show where I was sitting here
going, I don't get Twitch.
Why is Twitch so fucking popular?
Da-da-da-da-da.
And now it's like, okay, not only do I stream on Twitch,
and I'm an affiliate, but it's one of those things where it's like,
yeah, I really do, like, I like to watch people play games on Twitch,
like, a lot.
It's like a fun little, like, just kind of,
especially when they just kind of want to, like, chill out on the couch.
Like, it's a good, it's a good, like, background thing.
Like, maybe what I'm really doing is I'm on my phone,
like, chatting or texting, but then, like, I have Twitch on the TV,
and I'm watching somebody play No Man's Sky,
or I'm watching him play Final Fantasy XIV,
or some other game maybe I haven't played yet,
but I want to see if it's any good,
or maybe my buddy Delvin, shout out to VG Realness,
maybe he's streaming Octopath Traveler,
and he's streaming it so much that then I realize,
yes, I do need to get this game,
and the little a-hole got me to buy this game,
Octopath Traveler, because of his streams.
So that's, uh, that's, you know, definitely something I do as well.
And maybe a little bit of YouTubes here and there,
but I think I'm more Twitch than YouTube.
I don't watch a lot of the on-demand stuff.
Loki, what about you?
I don't watch, I mean, gaming stuff,
I don't watch a whole ton of people play games.
I do a lot of YouTube, though.
I watch, um, more, like, tech stuff than anything.
I mean, occasionally I'll watch Dunkey.
Dunkey's hilarious.
Um, other YouTubers, um, what else?
Oh, God, I'm trying to think.
Ollie43 does a lot of, like, Grand Theft Auto stuff occasionally,
and will do Fortnite things and, like, MegaRamps and whatnot.
Um, so he's kind of fun to watch.
Um, CallMeKevin is another one I watch.
He's pretty funny.
He does, like, weird stuff in games
and has a pretty funny sense of humor.
James Ski, but most of his stuff is just, like, garbage in VRChat,
and he's just kind of ridiculous.
Isn't this interesting that this just goes to show
that G4TechTV was always gonna die?
I mean, the thing about, because people,
it's very similar to, like, the radio, like,
and I know I've talked about this on show before,
terrestrial radio is dying because of podcasts and stuff.
I used to, I mean, I used to,
I don't watch, listen to it too much anymore,
but I used to listen to a lot of the, uh, Twit stuff,
um, you know, and the screensavers,
or the new screensavers and all their shows on there,
um, like the Android One stuff, I used to listen to that,
or This Week in Tech or something like that,
or, no, not This Week in Tech, out of their daily show,
I don't remember what it's called.
Um, but I do that, and then Linus Tech Tips,
I watch them, I watch him almost every single day,
whatever he releases stuff.
By the way, Delvin heard me talking shit,
he just joined chat, and he's like,
you're welcome.
He heard me talking shit, oh no.
Uh, quickly, what about you, RageNator?
Do you do the Twitch stuff, or what's,
answer your own question.
Uh, well, I love listening to gaming soundtracks,
I, by God knows how many, I mean,
you know, if I were to listen to everything,
you know, in one big playlist,
it would last roughly about a month,
you know, with no repeats.
Um, you know, in terms of Twitch,
I personally don't broadcast all that often,
but I do like watching your Twits,
I mean, you know, when you or Bobby broadcasts,
I'll watch your channels,
I'll watch the God Comms main channel,
along with their, what's it been called,
their guest host individual and personal channels,
I'll watch those, and then there's a few cosplayer
related channels that I'll watch just for the sake
of watching those, so, but that's pretty much it.
I mean, everything else.
RageNator, I just want to jump in real quick
to answer some stuff that's come up in chat.
YYR says, terrestrial radio isn't in trouble
from podcasts, is it?
The top 40 in news radio stations
probably aren't impacted too much, are they?
I didn't really get to finish my full thought on that,
and I've said this before,
is that where terrestrial radio is shining best,
where the other stuff can't really touch them right now,
is local news and local stuff,
and there's always going to be that available.
As far as top 40 in that goes,
I suppose there's always the music
that's going to be at the dentist's office,
because the radio is always something free
that can be turned on at a dentist's office
or at stores and stuff, even though many stores
have switched to either satellite radio
or their own satellite thing,
or that's oftentimes delivered through the internet,
so that way they can play a song
and then have a commercial for what's on sale in your store
right there while you're in there.
And I think there's another thing there
where it's like, if you can't beat them, join them,
because Bobby Blackwolf says terrestrial radio
is more in trouble from Pandora, Spotify, and so forth.
That's why Clear Channel made iHeartRadio.
They have an app as well as broadcasting on FM.
And yeah, I have to admit, iHeartRadio is pretty cool,
because when it comes to the local stuff,
one of the things I really like to do on iHeartRadio
is that I like to go listen to radio stations in other cities.
Like, I think it's kind of fun to listen to, like,
the radio stations, like, in New York City
or listen to radio stations in Chicago
just to kind of get, like, you know,
like you're visiting somewhere else or something.
I don't know. Am I a nerd? I kind of think that's cool.
Yeah, that's neat.
Yeah. Anyway. Anyway, quickly, Ray Jare,
no other people are trying to get in,
but quickly, you said you had some other type of, like, PSA.
Yeah. Now, as you mentioned before,
you know, someone had recently had, you know,
you know, serious complications related to depression.
And, you know, personally speaking,
I deal with depression myself.
The only thing I can say is if you have issues with depression
and if you see no hope whatsoever,
you're in a lot of pain, so on and so forth,
please reach out.
Be a therapist, your friends, family,
a significant other, whatever.
I know. It's tough.
I've been there. In fact,
I've had an incident last October
where I nearly died myself.
I know how it feels.
But, you know, sometimes it does look bleak,
but unless you seek out help,
you're not going to find a solution.
And trust me, suicide doesn't work.
Very well said.
A tricky topic.
I wasn't really sure how I wanted to approach,
and I think Bobby did a very, very good job on his show earlier
if you didn't hear the beginning of the show.
And I know this has been a topic
that's been weighing on a lot of people's minds this week
with the fourth anniversary of Robin Williams passing,
as well as other things you may or may not be, you know, reading about.
But, yeah, I mean, it's hard
because I want to give you guys a phone number and say,
if you're in trouble, call this number.
But I also realize that sometimes when you're struggling
and doing that, like, the brain doesn't always,
you know, because when you're sick,
you know, your body parts don't always do the things
that they ought to be doing,
and so your brain doesn't think, I need help.
I need to pick up the phone. I need to call somebody.
So I hope, if nothing else, there's that awareness out there
that, you know, no matter who you are or where you're at,
there is somebody that fucking cares,
and there is somebody, and probably a lot more somebodies
than you think in the moment,
that want to see you beat the demons of depression
and want to see you go and do great things
and get over these demons that are holding you back
and be able to, you know, live a healthy life and all that.
So I hope people feel like, when they're in these moments,
just reach out to someone, anyone.
And if you feel like there's no one,
then there's always going to be these phone numbers and things.
But trust me, reach out to a friend.
Reach out to a friend you haven't talked to in ten years.
Trust me, they'll listen.
And if you are that person,
it's on the receiving end of one of those things.
Not that everybody knows what to do in these situations,
but you know what?
Sometimes, all somebody needs is somebody to just listen
and just say, like, I love you.
I care about you. Like, I care.
Don't do something to yourself because I care.
So, I don't know.
Exactly.
That's really all the thoughts I can process
and put together right now.
I just, you know, all you listeners out there right now,
somebody cares about you.
So don't, even when you're in the shittiest position,
please, please, please, don't do anything you'll regret.
I don't have all the information,
but I'm pretty sure that there is a nationwide hotline
that people can call you if you need it.
And there's, depending on your locality,
there should be a local phone number for you guys,
people that call if you want a local phone number.
Obviously, I don't have access to everyone's local phone numbers
to call for that kind of help,
but if you have access to a phone book, look it up.
Even if you don't need it for yourself,
have it handy just in case you have a friend or relative
or neighbor that does need that information.
You can say, hey, I see that you're struggling.
Here's a phone number that you can call.
You can talk to them or you can talk to me, that kind of thing.
I'll tell you right now, it's 1-800-273-8255.
That's 1-800-273-TALK is the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
That's probably the most well-known of those types of services.
But I know, for example, if the issues that you're dealing with
are a little more LGBT focused, I know the Trevor Project is huge
and a great, wonderful resource to help,
and I'm trying to look up their information right now.
Pardon me, but this is important as I Google it live as we're here.
I believe this is the number here.
I hope I'm right because I'm pulling this off of somebody's tweet,
but it's 866.
Yeah, I don't think that's right.
I don't think this is the right number. Sorry, guys.
Sorry, guys. This is horrible that I don't know it in the moment here,
but I was not prepared.
Luckily, okay, I found their official website.
Here it is, 1-866-488-7386.
Again, that's a little more geared for youths.
So if you're a youth facing serious LGBTQ-related issues and you need help,
1-866-488-7386 is the Trevor Project.
Again, I also understand that giving a number is only so much.
If nothing else, call anyone. Call anyone.
Don't battle it alone.
I guess that's all I can really say.
Yeah, as long as you get help in one form or another,
be it a call, go see a therapist in person,
speak to a relative in person,
or have lunch with a friend that you haven't seen in a while.
Something, as long as you don't keep them all shut
and just try to put on a brave face for everyone.
I've had the mentality before of,
oh, yeah, I'll put on a brave face and pretend nothing's wrong,
not to be a burden on everyone else.
That only makes things worse.
Just seek help in whatever way you can.
Well said.
And I think on that note, I'm going to let you go
so we can try to get some more calls,
but I think that was a PSA worth our time, so thank you very much.
Take care.
Have a nice night.
You too. Bye-bye.
Orange Launch Radio, all one word if you want to give us a call.
Orange Launch Radio, all one word if you want to give us a call
and chat about whatever's going on in gaming or what have you this week.
Wow, phones are on fire tonight.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Ronmo.
Hey, Ronmo. What's up, buddy?
Not much.
I feel like I'm stuck in a bit of a predicament
because I'm kind of following up with that call,
so now I got to bring the funny now.
No, we're resetting the palette.
Do you want to tell a dick joke or a fart joke?
No, not really, but I just want to know.
We need to stop calling this OLR at this rate, Ron.
We need to start calling it Nostalgic Lounge Radio.
Why is that?
I don't know. It just seems like almost once in a month
we talk about the good times, and I love it,
and we have to remind people that OLR is not just a podcast.
We're a family, and as you were saying,
and I was coming home from my trip this weekend,
how the podcast keeps you going and how everything goes and so forth,
and it got me to thinking how you guys are there for me,
especially you and my times of need.
Well, thank you. Happy to do so.
That's what friends are for, as they say.
Absolutely.
You know, it's interesting, though, because you kind of joke about
how every other episode ends up being a reminiscing episode,
but I think it's come out of our mouths several times tonight,
phrases such as,
if we don't learn from the past, we're doomed to repeat it.
We also have talked about how emulation
and remembering the past of gaming, like, there is something relevant there.
We do talk about the good old days. Why?
Because there were some damn fucking good games in those good old days
and things we'd like to see again and things that we hope don't go away,
hence me reminiscing about The Guardian legend
and how that is a very hard game to play legally
in this day and age in the year 2018.
So does this mean I have to track down another game pack for you?
Your mic is cutting out a little bit.
I don't know if your mic moved away from your mouth.
Try again?
I said, do I have to track down another copy of the game for you?
No, no, no, we're good there. I'm fine, but I'm talking about other people
because I sit here on the show and go,
y'all need to play Guardian legend and see what I keep talking about.
It's not easy for everybody to just do that, you know what I mean?
I can't be like, go on virtual console and get, yeah, I can't even do that.
I mean, I get it.
I'm one of those who went to those sites to pull those games
because there was a lot of awesome Japanese games that came out
for the Super NES and Genesis slash Mega Drive that never came this way.
And this was our way of playing them.
But at the same time, I get the legality of it.
And I had a brief tweet about this.
Somebody was like, look at Discotek.
They're going out of their way to track down this anime series.
I forget which one it is.
They're going through Sony to get the master tapes
and all that to do the series.
Meanwhile, ROM preservation sites are being shut down.
And I said, there's a difference.
Discotek is contacting the manufacturers of the anime to get the tapes.
These companies, I mean, these sites that are preserving ROM games
are just grabbing them and throwing them up there.
They're not contacting the company for permission to host these
because they know they're going to be told, no, you can't do that.
Pull them down.
But it's not going to matter because it's going to go on the ground.
There are torrent sites.
There are torrents right now where you can just get every single Nintendo game.
I understand that they file a lawsuit and stuff,
but don't they also have just the DMCA requests and stuff that they can just do?
I don't even know why we have to go through a whole lawsuit thing
other than, oh, we're going to make an example of them
telling them that emulation is wrong.
They can put a DMCA request in, and if they don't comply with that,
then they can file a lawsuit.
But I see a lot of these sites put that as, hey, yeah, you can report your stuff,
and then we'll take it down if that's the issue.
I mean, I don't know.
The thing is these sites are saying that we host these as preservation and archive.
That's their way around it.
We all know it's not an archive.
And besides, with the DMCA, the site, their repository may be shut down.
They'll just go to another hoster or another bunch of drop boxes and Google drives
and re-upload all the files.
Yep.
Hey, Rama, you know what one of my very favorite Super Nintendo games is ever?
What?
It's a game called Equinox.
It was the sequel to a game called Solstice on the NES
that was a very unique kind of 3D perspective.
It had some great music, and it was a really challenging, fun little game.
Here's the thing.
You will never, well, never say never, I guess,
but it is highly unlikely you will ever be able to play that game through legal channels.
And I'm going to have to tell you, if you want to go play that game,
you're going to have to go download it.
You either have to find the cartridge, which is going to be hard to find
because I don't think they made a lot of copies of that game,
or you're going to have to go download the ROM.
And you know why?
You know why I have to tell you?
Because it's never going to be out for you to play legally.
Do you know why that is?
Why?
Because of the publisher.
It was Sony.
Well, there you go.
Remember when Sony and Super Nintendo were making Nice Nice for a hot minute there?
Because there was almost a Nintendo PlayStation?
Yeah, the Sony CSG Soft.
Yeah.
So Equinox was one of those games when Sony Image Soft,
I think it was called at the time,
or at least their video game publishing thing was,
and Nintendo were making Nice Nice.
Anyway.
Rama, I got to wrap up because we got some more calls coming in.
I want to try to get to everybody tonight.
So any other quick thoughts before I let you go?
No, that's it.
And if you don't mind if I show my podcast real quick?
Of course.
Please.
Awesome.
We're going to be talking about Otacon 2018 tomorrow on Tuesday on Anime Jam Session.
You don't have anything to say about that.
Maybe.
I'll talk about my big purchase of the console.
Okay.
Cool.
All right.
Check out Anime Jam Session Tuesday nights here at VOG.
Do it.
Yas, queen.
All right.
Good night, my friend.
Bye.
Bye.
Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype.
I see some more folks trying to get through.
Please keep trying.
I'm going to really try to get to everybody tonight.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey.
This is SSJ1 and you're Matt.
So good to hear from you, Matt.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I wanted to talk about it.
You guys might have brought it up earlier.
I might have stepped away.
But I wanted to get your thoughts on how Pokemon Go Community Weekend was for you.
You know what?
Thank you for asking.
Because when I talked about my gaming week, I completely neglected to talk about it.
I did as well.
I forgot.
Okay.
So no, you didn't miss it.
Here's the thing.
We just played it so much.
I know.
Honestly.
Can I forget every week to mention, oh yeah, I played Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme too.
So I played so much Pokemon Go today that I'm actually kind of sick of it.
So here's the thing.
Because of the other stuff I had going on yesterday, I didn't really get to participate
in the Saturday day.
So I actually kind of love that it was two days this weekend.
And I know they also did that because of the number of Eeveelutions that there are.
I wish they would just do it for like more than three hours.
But I did.
Well, they did this weekend.
They did three hours Saturday, three hours Sunday.
Six hours.
I know.
I know.
I know.
But anyway.
All day.
Anyway.
So I caught one shiny Eevee yesterday because I have this little Bluetooth.
It's not a Pokemon Go Plus, but it's a Gotcha.
So I think a lot of you players know what that is.
So I have a Gotcha.
And between like the freeway and Melody's house, because I wanted to spin some of the
stops.
I got a shiny Eevee somehow because it was right about 1130 when I was getting over to
Melody's house.
So I caught a shiny Eevee on Saturday.
Today, I went down to Capitol Park, as I usually do.
It's one of the big hotspots here.
And I went and I.
So if you all are getting gifts, they're like Sacramento State Capitol or it's because that's
where I like to play.
So I went down there today and in the first two hours, I caught one and I was like, oh
God, this is how this day is going to go.
And meanwhile, Shane being Shane is like, yeah, I caught 10 yesterday and I'm up to
six today.
I'm just like, I hate him.
I fucking hate him.
How does he have all this shiny luck?
Does he have a shiny charm?
Anyway.
But so here's the thing.
So I started joking with my friends that I was walking with.
I was like, man, I'm not going to get any shiny.
Pokemon Go is lame anyway.
I don't care.
Nobody plays this game anymore.
I don't need shinies.
So I was kind of like doing that whole thing.
Like I wasn't serious, but I was, you know, kind of doing that whole thing.
And then I shit you not.
After my complaining fest, we start walking from where we're at to Starbucks to get a
drink because it's kind of hot here right now.
I caught in the scope of 20 minutes and I'm not exaggerating this.
Six shiny EVs in 20 minutes.
Like it got to the point where like I pull up the first one.
I'm like, oh, haha.
Complaining works.
I got another one.
I pull up the second one.
Wow.
Complaining really works.
I pull up the third one.
Hey guys, maybe you want to start complaining loudly about the game too because there's
something to this.
And like as we're standing in line at Starbucks, I'm tapping on the EVs at Starbucks.
I catch two while we're at Starbucks.
I show my friends my phone and they're like, what the fuck, dude?
What are you doing?
And I'm like, I don't know.
Like even I admit this is ridiculous.
Yeah.
So I ended the whole event with eight shiny EVs and so I was very happy.
Now, of course, I started evolving all but two because obviously I'm going to walk the
two so I get Espeon and Umbreon.
And of course, as I evolve them, I get three Flareons and two, three Flareons and two Vaporeons.
No Jolteons.
Yeah.
But that's why they do trading because my friend really wanted a Vaporeon and he got
four Jolteons.
So that's what trading is for.
So, yeah, no, like my weekend was kind of similar.
Like the first day, like I caught, I only got like one or two in the first hour, first
two and a half hours.
The last half hour of it, I caught six after that.
Okay.
So you had similar luck.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes.
Similar luck.
Somewhat similar too.
Like I caught ten today and previously I caught eight.
Wow.
So you have enough EVs to start thinking about gen four stuff.
See, that's my problem is I can't really think about gen four because I barely have
enough to get me through gens one, two and three, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I know this is like they've, so people have kind of been saying like there's a
maybe a little bit of method to the shinies popping up saying like, oh, if you click on
the first, the one that pops up, you get you, you're more likely to get a shiny.
There's other talk of people saying like if you go into a less densely populated area,
you're more apt to get more shinies.
I can confirm that that's bullshit all around because I got zero shinies and I was playing
in very undense populated areas and I played for a long time and I got jack shit.
Yeah.
So I don't know if there's anything to that, but no.
So I kind of like them doing this whole weekend thing because I think it just works for everybody's
schedule.
It's like, so I'm curious what they're going to do for the next one because you know, we
were getting like Bulbasaur, Charmander or Squirtle.
So, you know, the obvious choice for the next community day would be Chikorita, right?
Gen two is grass starter, right?
Yeah.
They were, yeah.
The things that I was reading, it's like, it could be like Ralts.
It could be like Chikorita could be Totodile.
Yeah.
It could be anything really.
And I wonder could they, could they unveil gen four starting during the community day?
Well, they were supposed, the thought was that they were going to do that this time,
but they didn't.
Yeah.
Well, I saw like a weird tweet go out about how they're kind of starting to promote Celebi
as you know, the next mythical research.
Mm hmm.
Well, because actually, um, Shane already has a Celebi because he went to go fest.
So all the people who went to go fest got to do the quest there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I think they're kind of maybe getting towards that.
Yeah.
I think, like, I think the Celebi quests are going to, like, they're going to pull the
curtain back on that in the next couple of weeks.
I really think so.
Uh, obviously we know we're getting Reggie rock next week.
Um, so I think Celebi will come soon after that.
Probably, you know, close enough to Labor Day.
I'm curious if there's going to be an event going on over Labor Day weekend, but I think
that is when Japan has their, cause you know, Europe had an event, the U S had an event.
I think Japan's event is over Labor Day weekend and that's going to be interesting cause I'll
be at dragon con, but that is when shiny wingle is expected to debut.
Yeah.
So I, so I wondered like, so they, so Niantic did a little cross promotion thing with Paxi,
with Paxis.
They had pretty much unknowns drop all around the Harbor area.
Mm hmm.
And then E3, they had, uh, unknowns drop around there.
So I wonder, like, it could be possible they could do it at a dragon con.
I would love it if they did it at dragon con.
I don't know if they will cause dragon con is, if I remember right, Bobby, correct me
if I'm wrong, but I think dragon con is still a hundred percent fan run and it seems like
it's more the commercial stuff that gets the big, uh, unknowns like comic con and packs
and stuff are all, you know, cause remember the guys at Pax sold Pax expo a while ago.
Uh, so because dragon con is still fan run, they probably don't exactly know who to call
it Niantic.
Uh, but I know, uh, our buddy Charles from the Pokemon go podcast, who is a big part
of the podcasting track at dragon con.
A big part of the reason why I'm able to do as much as I am.
So a big thanks to him.
Uh, I, I know he's pushing for that and he would love that.
So I, I don't know.
We'll see.
I would love it if dragon con would get the unknowns, but I'm not, not going to hold my
breath.
And, uh, Bobby black golf also theorizing Niantic is probably doing it with packs prime
or packs west.
I guess they stopped calling it packs prime packs west because it's at the same time.
That's right.
Yep.
That I could, I, you know what?
I believe that.
All right.
Well to my number six best friend, I'm going to have to let you go.
I just, I just checked my list.
So here's the current ranking.
My, my buddy Kyle in Toronto is the only person that I have exchanged or done a gift with
every single day since this rolled out.
So he's my number one.
Act deft is number two.
Ooh.
My old roommate, John is number three.
Uh, one of my ingress buddies is number four, a Panda, we call him.
And then Loki's number five.
And then you're number six.
And I, and I just friended Loki.
So now, so now I can kind of stagger that, uh, friend bonus.
Nice.
But I'm sure some, I'm sure someday we'll, we'll be able to do trades as best friends.
Yes.
That'll, that'll be great.
That's the whole reason to do it.
Yeah, for sure.
Um, the thing about shinies, they cost an arm and a leg to trade.
If you don't have them, they, they, they go with the legendary costs.
So if you're not three or four star friends, forget it.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
My friend, I'm gonna let you go.
All right.
Take care.
Take care.
Thank you.
Yep.
Well, weren't they supposed to be doing, um, like some sort of treating one more chance
to get in.
I saw somebody else calling.
I'd really love to get on it.
One more chance to get an orange.
I was going to cost less to do trades for awhile.
They are doing an event right now where you get more candy from it.
Oh, so like I traded somebody today, like I had a slack off that I caught in Chicago
and I traded it for just another slack off so we could get thousands of kilometers of
distance.
And I got six slack off candies, which was all I needed to evolve my, uh, slacking my,
what, which is actually my second slacking, but this one is appraised as a wonder.
So it's going to be a better slacking.
Mm hmm.
So cause those, those guys are kind of Jim beasts.
So that's kind of fun.
S2100 Matt says they did have that event where it was 25% less starters to trade.
I didn't even really, I must've missed it.
I haven't been doing a lot of trading.
Today was actually the first day I got a lucky Pokemon.
I have not gotten one of those either.
The only, and it was a, what did I trade for it?
I gave him something.
Oh, we did a distance trade.
So, so there's a buddy in, um, Australia that I have and uh, let me, um, high collar.
I'll get to you in just a minute.
So, um, there's a, there's a friend that I have in Australia that I think is a listener to the show.
So shout out to a Clover Nikon if you're there.
So, uh, he sends presents from Australia.
So I opened an egg cause the eggs are attached to where your friends are when they send them to you.
So this egg was Australia.
So my friend today was like, Oh, I want to trade for distance.
And I'm like, Oh, well I have this, you know, it's just a Sandshrew or something.
It wasn't something I need to hang onto.
So I'm like, I have this Sandshrew, but it's from Australia.
So if you don't have your bronze medal yet, you'll get it off this.
It's going to be like thousands of kilometers.
So, uh, he gave me the Arcanine or whatever that thing is called.
He gave me that Arcanine. No, that would be a spider Arcanine.
So, um, uh, he traded that.
He's just like, I just have this throwaway thing from like Costa Mesa when I was on a trip.
So we traded that.
And when that came over, not only did the stats go up so that it was a wonder for me, it was high appraisal,
but then it was a lucky Pokemon.
So I know those fire, they're fire dark doggies.
They're not like the greatest Pokemon, but they're not, they don't suck.
Like they're, they're, they'll hold their own in raids if you need them.
Anyway, I got a call or I'm making wait.
So let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Mountain Radio. Who's this?
Hi, it's YYR trying to be very quiet.
No, I know you have a new baby.
So, uh, congrats and everything.
Your, your baby is not that far apart in age from the baby I went to visit yesterday who just hit three months.
So, so what's up buddy?
Oh, well, I mean, first of all, I just want to let any prospective parents know it is a lot.
It's a lot of work.
It's a lot to have to handle.
Loki is not all the, you know, shiny rainbows and all that.
So Loki doesn't get better when the kids get turned seven years old.
No, it gets different, right?
They just whine more.
They whine more. They're able to verbalize their problems a lot more.
Yeah. Everyone just says it gets better. It gets better. I'm convinced it probably just gets different.
It gets better.
At least until, you know, they turn 18.
Yeah. I was like, it gets better when they turn 18 and they move out.
My wife is nodding.
No, but I think it's great. You guys made a child. That's amazing.
You know, kids aren't for everyone. Alan and I decided a long time ago it's not for us, but we love cats and we have cats.
Hey, if you can come to an agreement, that's the best thing.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
So I know you didn't just want to talk about babies solely tonight. What else did you want to talk about?
Well, first of all, the Bethesda Sony thing that you touched on earlier.
Yeah.
So I really think that Sony is in one of those sorts of positions where, you know, doubling down, they think, is going to look better to them than changing course.
I don't know why I get that impression, but that's just the impression that I get.
I have a feeling that they would rather double down than say, oh, you know, we're going to reverse position and play nice with everybody now.
I don't know why I feel that way, but I just, that's the feeling that I get.
Yeah, but the problem is it bit Microsoft in the butt eventually. It's going to bite Sony in the butt eventually, too.
I know, I know, you know, because we were talking a little bit in the chat and so forth, and I know, you know, guys on Twitter are whatever.
It's not a big deal, but it's like, you know, when you start hearing more stories like this, when the press starts doing more reporting, when the business journal is asking Resi Fizame about, you know, this stuff.
I think it is starting to hit the mainstream press, like that noise is going to come to a point and it is going to start to affect Sony when they start talking about things like PlayStation 5.
You know, that's, that's when Microsoft really had to pay the piper was that people really shredded them when it came to the Xbox One. You know what I mean?
So if Sony doesn't kind of...
Yeah, I mean, it may, but you're also comparing Xbox with PlayStation and here's the thing.
So Microsoft had to really claw and tear their way to where they got with the 360.
As it is worldwide, even at the height of the 360's popularity, PlayStation was still much more popular in Europe, much more popular in Asia.
And, you know, they basically have the dominant world position when it comes to gaming as a brand.
I don't think there, any bad will that comes from this, I don't think it would hurt them as much as it would hurt Microsoft in the long run.
I think that they have enough loyal players, loyal fans that this is barely going to register on their radar.
I would, you know what, I will concede this point because you do bring up a really good point about the global market and Microsoft doesn't matter in Japan.
There are not, I get that the Xbox One is sold there, it's a non-issue in Japan.
So Sony can get away with this in Japan a hundred percent.
Sony can get away with this a hundred percent.
But I mean, but also now we're talking about the Nintendo Switch and PC and I think as the Switch starts to grow, if the Switch can kind of cross play with some things, I mean, I don't know.
It's going to be interesting. I still think it's going to kind of come to a point eventually.
Especially if Sony just kind of continues this sort of attitude that led to this decision.
You know, I think that's also part of what really defeated Microsoft is that they kind of went in there unveiling the Xbox One thinking we're going to do all these things that the gamers want.
And it was just, it was just too early and it was really miss sold.
I think they had, we all know they had a horrible person at home.
Yeah, at the end of the day though, it's like, okay, so the PS4 has no backwards compatibility.
So you still can't change your name on PSN.
So, I mean, there's a lot of ways, services where Microsoft exceeds Sony.
It doesn't matter. PlayStation 4 has the exclusives and, you know, the global fan base.
And once again, it's there in the position of dominance right now.
And I don't think they need to worry about these things as much if they don't want to.
I mean, yeah, it would be the nice friendly, player friendly thing to do to open up their this and that and the other thing and to add all those features I mentioned.
But, I mean, unless someone lights a fire under them and I don't think it's going to be Nintendo because I'm still convinced that the Switch is not direct competition to the PS4.
So, no, I don't, I don't think that either.
But I think, I think ultimately it's going to be companies like Bethesda over here that are going to end up lighting that fire.
And, you know, sure, you know, the card game is whatever.
It's not going to be something that affects a ton of people.
But when it's Street Fighter 5, you know, or Street Fighter 6, should I say, or, or whatever, like Fortnite 2, or even as Loki says, very tongue in cheek Minecraft 2.
Although that's a whole nother issue since we all know Microsoft runs the Minecraft ship now.
I think they would do very well to, to conveniently not release on Sony's platform for a few months.
I think they would.
I'm sorry, it's just, you know, that's business.
Wanted to do, you know, cross play and you just want to play.
But anyway, all right, I do, I do still appreciate your viewpoint, your thoughts, especially, you know, you do bring us some very good points with the global market.
I think sometimes we forget.
So, yeah, I mean, we'll see how this plays out.
I think, yeah, I'm excited as a spectator to see how, how this plays out, how all of it goes and what happens.
For sure.
All right, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up though.
But take care and it's always, it's good as always to hear from you.
Hey, no problem.
I'll just mention one quick thing on the way out.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not making any official announcements yet, but I've started working on bungee ferret tossing again.
You may or may not see it on Steam before the end of the year.
Yay!
That makes me excited.
Yeah, you can always put it on a Discord Steam store there.
Also.
Don't pay money.
I have noticed that super multitasking has been getting some updates and, you know, I read your changelog and I can see what you're kind of doing.
You've kind of going back and addressing a few things.
You obviously have been distracted for a few months by the baby, which everybody completely understands and respects.
But, you know, as a super multitasking fan, I was very excited to see, ooh, they're still making, Aaron's in there making updates again.
That's awesome.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, most of it is just to fix something that was, ugh, the whole thing was frustrating.
Long story very short, a third-party library that I used for the Steam support, leaderboards, stats, and so on, it broke.
And they basically didn't provide any support, so I had to redo the Steam support from scratch using a totally different library.
Yikes. Well, you got it, though. Congrats.
My one request, though, before you put out bungee ferret tossing on Steam, which you may or may not be confirming right now.
Please let me submit a picture of Mr. Smoosh for inclusion.
Oh, yes, the call will go out for more pet pictures.
Okay, amazing. All right. All right, my friend, I'm gonna let you go. Best of luck.
Have a great week, guys.
You, too. Bye.
Thank you.
All right, that is gonna do it for the Skypline tonight. Thanks so much to all the callers.
But if you didn't get through for whatever reason, it's, we're after nine o'clock, I gotta wrap up.
But if you didn't get through for whatever reason, please feel free to send us a tweet at OLR.
You can always email us, of course. Participate at orangelaunchradio.com.
Sj100matt pointing out tonight's calls were off in the state of New York. All four callers were from New York tonight. That's very true.
Do you know, that goes back to the live 365 days when you could see, like, what markets, like, number one was always Sacramento, obviously,
because that's where the show is based and where all our friends are that we were telling about the show.
But the number two market for this show is, like, almost always been New York, which I find.
I always just kind of was like, well, it's, you know, New York City is a big city, of course, but no, you guys are awesome.
All of you are awesome, though, no matter where you live, where you're from. International listenership is amazing as well.
Met so many, so many people around the world. All right, anyway, we gotta wrap up for the night.
Thank you guys so much. I did not even check if there's any last minute stories, but at this point.
I was just gonna mention one thing I saw here. Quake Champions went free to play.
Oh, yeah, I did hear about that. That was other news.
So they have an option where they're gonna rotate out a certain champion that'll be free,
and then you can unlock more by earning the favor in matches, or I think you can also pay to unlock stuff too.
Nice. All right. Well, we're gonna wrap it up here at Orange Launch Radio, but if you enjoyed what you heard here at the show tonight,
please tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but if the voices aren't here to air, then what are we gonna say? Nothing.
So anyway, please help us spread the word. A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes,
or wherever it is that you heard about this program. Those reviews go a very long way,
and I really do appreciate them, so thank you, thank you to those that are leaving them.
That does it. Let's go around and get folks' final thought for the night. Loki!
My final thought is, sometimes the sound of goodbye is louder than any drum beat.
Okay, throwing it back, seventh style. I see you. I see you.
Then let's see, my final thought would be, um...
I guess then my final thought would be, die, Suke.
And until then, until next week, we'll see you in seven days, when once again we can...
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VoG Network.
But you know they were all still true
See you next week
You
