Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, Nintendo pioneered the ability to make people buy the same games all over again, but now they've been officially recognized for these feats on the second round of NES Classic Production. Flashback to the 1980s and join us for this along with the rest of the night's gaming news starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight on August the 5th of 2018, episode number 740 of our show. Here over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. Myself, Rob Roberts, joined by DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
I'm arguing with my sum tables on numbers.
Are you spreadsheet warring?
I am spreadsheeting right now.
I see.
Because I have to track how much money I spend.
Don't they do full on games in Excel? Isn't that like a thing people do?
I know people do like Perler and knit patterns in Excel.
Oh, that makes a lot of sense actually to do like Perler patterns in Excel. Actually, our show role that lists all the stories we're going to do.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense though because Excel is great for like grids. Although, technically, I don't use Excel to do the show role. I use that open office.
On my Mac it's numbers, on my PC it's open office.
So, there you go. Spreadsheets.
Except when people give me word for free or office for free.
No, I was doing my budget because I have to put what I spent in there, but I've used spreadsheets plenty of times with my collection to do our personal inventory at home, which we need to do a new one.
Especially now that we have pinballs to add to it, which we have a new pinball.
Congrats. What'd you get?
The Shadow.
Oh, wow. Like the Alec Baldwin movie from 94 or whatever?
Tim Curry.
Oh, that's right. Tim Curry was in that.
Tim Curry is on our pinball.
That's right. Oh, your pinball's been blessed.
But it's also a really interestingly built table.
Because it has like this upper section that you use like bumpers to get all these little targets.
I forgot what they call it. I've only seen that movie like once.
But anyway, that's our new table and we just gave back Whirlwind that we were borrowing for attorney.
Oh, I do like Whirlwind too though, but I understand.
Whirlwind had that little fan at the top that like when you get the bonus mode or whatever, it like blows air on you.
When you're in like some stinky, sweaty bar, like that thing feels really good.
You know what I mean? Because I think they had a Whirlwind.
There's this random bar in the Castro. I think Moby Dick's. You know the place I'm talking about, right?
I haven't been to Moby Dick's, but I know it.
I think they had it.
Yeah.
And that was one of the things.
You know what would make sense for them to have?
Huh?
A Fish Tales.
I know one of those bars in Castro had an Elvira table, which is very appropriate.
Now the Bolt, the leather bar in Sacramento, for those who don't know, has a Simpsons pinball party.
Oh, that's right. They do. That's right.
Pinball at bars. Fun. But I mean, that's kind of.
Not only can you play pinball, but you can see people getting fucked in the ass.
Well, no. Last time I was there, they had porn up on the TV.
Wow. Dark Sakura. Wow.
This is a show about video games. You take your filth elsewhere.
I'm just saying, last time I was there, that's what I saw on the TV.
I need somebody pure and wholesome to clean up this mess that Dark Sakura's leaving.
So say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
Good.
Did you go to church today?
No.
Well, how are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah, what's new with you? Hopefully less bars and CD stories than what Dark Sakura's talking about.
Right.
Yeah.
I've been still working through my Unreal stuff, so I'm pretty much done with the lesson that I was on.
So are you doing the Cooking with Unity learnings?
Sorry, it's like a code-along. It's a Udemy course.
Oh, a code-along. Okay.
Type of thing.
Yeah.
But the guy, he makes mistakes, and I usually catch him when he makes them.
But that's like the best way to learn.
But yeah, it is. And then I like how he kind of also gives different instructions.
Like, okay, we've done this a couple times. Now I'm going to challenge you. Go do this.
And then he'll pause the video and go build this part out.
And then you're done. And then you unpause it, and you make sure you did everything correct.
And that seems to be pretty effective.
Plus, I also went through and tweaked some things, and I've even been commenting on the course.
Because I just got done with the audio portion of it, and he has a background track that plays.
Well, the way he triggered is, when basically the level starts, it plays the track.
Right.
But it doesn't loop it. So I'm like, well, you can do it this way, and it will loop it every time.
Interesting. So you're trying to one-up the teacher. No, I get it.
Well, I'm just suggesting that, and not to mention the track he made for the background.
Does it loop well, but hey, whatever.
Alright.
It's just what it is. It's just a really basic get to know Unreal thing.
And I've gotten to know Unreal.
Alright.
I just got an immediate announcement alert from Dan.
Oh boy, what?
A dude in the top eight is using Yamcha.
Okay, so I'm okay with this transition and your random interjection here.
Because I actually want to talk about Evo here at the top of the show.
Because obviously the Evo tournament is going on in Vegas right now.
Mandalay Bay is where they do that.
So Evo's happening right now.
Our buddy Alex is there.
Yeah, I know. I have a friend that's there too.
Actually, I know a few people that are there.
Good old Rob D from back in the All Games days.
I'm seeing his stuff on Facebook. He's there right now.
So anyhow, Evo's happening.
I must admit, I haven't been watching a lot of it, though I have been following some of the drama.
But you've been watching some of it, right, Jamie? What have you guys been watching?
We watched a few of the matches, like last night, when we couldn't get any sleep.
We were watching the Dragon Ball FighterZ play, watching some very interesting people.
This one guy busted out Ten Shinhan and was fucking kicking ass.
I mean, all these guys were like, Brawley, perfect sell. Brawley, perfect sell.
Dude busts out Ten Shinhan and owns. I'm like, yes!
Did you see some of the drama going on with Smash?
Oh man, the Smash Brothers stuff is pretty interesting because it came down to a Bayonetta versus Bayonetta fight.
And I guess some of the crowd is not super into that because I think some people feel Bayonetta is overpowered because of some of her combos and what have you.
So again, you will have to excuse me, fighting game fans and Smash community fans.
I'm not as up and up on what's going on, but I'm just kind of getting the cliff notes.
So apparently the crowd was booing what was going on.
But there was some interesting stuff that was happening with the contestants as well.
I don't know if it was because of the booing or what, but when one of the matches started, and this was like the finals, the final match.
They just stood there for like a minute and they didn't fight because the crowd was booing.
And so finally somebody came over and was like, you guys need to play.
And so they played, but there was something really interesting that happened.
One of the guys kind of accidentally fell or he lost his life falling off the edge.
It was like an accident, he wasn't supposed to do it.
So what happened is the other player just jumped off the ledge and traded life for life.
Which in the finals of a competitive thing, what in the heck?
That sportsmanship.
It is, but it's also like some people actually are viewing the stalemate that they were doing.
One of the guys flipped off the crowd as he walked off the stage.
They're seeing that as kind of like, basically kind of like everybody all around is being really immature.
Now to be fair, the contestants I believe are 16 and 17.
So I'll cut them some slack on the maturity because by definition they're not fully matured yet.
So that's fine, but the audience, like I know there's a lot of adults in the audience.
That's some bullshit.
And they need to like, I know.
You didn't get your way.
Or wah, Bayonetta is overpowered.
Well, I mean, then don't show up.
I don't know what to tell you.
Surely there is a character that counters Bayonetta.
Surely.
And again, I don't know my smash as well.
I agree, and don't call me Shirley.
But there must be a character that counters Bayonetta pretty effectively that you would pick
and maybe is not otherwise a stellar pick.
But if you wanted to take out a Bayonetta, you could do it.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Well, at any rate, Dan just messages me because he was like, I want to see someone in the top eight using Yamcha.
Well, someone's in the top eight using Yamcha.
We'll go into the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
where of course we do tape live at VOG Network every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And we do get some live comments.
Tigerclaw says the Smash Brothers community can be toxic.
SG100Matt says the whole community was shitty last night.
Tigerclaw says if you can't counter Bayonetta, you suck at Smash Brothers.
It's as simple as that.
But as SG100Matt points out, there isn't a counter.
That's part of the problem.
And well, here's the thing.
I don't want to blame an entire community
because I know people in the Smash Brothers community that are fucking awesome.
So I don't want to be all like the entire community is...
I'm not going to do that, but I am going to say that display of the community was poopy.
And so y'all need to have a come to Jesus moment and like figure out why...
Y'all need Satan.
You need to figure out why that's okay to like boo children.
I'm sorry, but 16 and 17 is still a child by legal definition.
Why it is okay to boo children.
And on top of that, I'm hearing shit about like death threats and shit
because of course we live in a social media era.
Of course.
You're sending death threats because they play the character you didn't like.
Oh my God.
How fucking cool are you sending death threats to a 16 year old?
Like, oh my God.
Can I have your babies now?
Where can I fuck this person?
So obviously heavy sense of sarcasm I hope is clearly coming through.
None of this is acceptable.
So we need the decent Smash Brothers people to like kick those other people out.
But to be fair, this is a problem that is not unique to Smash Brothers.
This is a problem we have in the gaming community that's a little bigger than this.
I don't know if we can answer this on a three hour show,
but it is going to take the less shitty people to stand up and say,
Hey, stop being shitty.
That's just how these sorts of problems get fixed.
You have to call out.
I mean, this goes, this goes for a lot of different things in life.
Like, um, I don't want to get too deep, but the reality is when it comes to things like racism.
Okay.
Like it takes a unshitty non racist person to really stand out and call out the behavior of somebody who's being racist by saying,
Hey, you're being racist and that sucks.
And if you keep doing that, I'm not going to be your friend.
It takes that to like counter that.
Or as in wonder shows him that's racist.
Sure.
Well, you know what?
Sometimes if you're at a bar and you see or out in public and you see a woman being harassed by some guy, you stand with her.
Yeah.
I mean, and that is so.
So honestly, the only reason I bring it up and go to that, like really like heavy place is because like this sort of behavior is not even necessarily unique to gaming culture,
although sadly it runs rampant in gaming culture.
But like this is, this is a society problem that has to be stopped, solved by less shitty people sticking up for people who are marginalized.
Standing up to it takes the kind of fortitude that takes some development.
Yes.
Anyway, a tire con chat says that, you know, this is going to continue with super smash brothers ultimate.
You know, these people will find something to bitch about.
Like then like don't throw, throw them out of the arena at Evo, throw them out.
Why are they there?
If they're going to sit there and boo and they're not enjoying it, then fucking get out.
Leave.
Nobody forced you to go to Vegas.
I'm sorry, but the stinky cunt gets the douche.
I'm in that kind of mood.
Why?
Why are you doing this tonight?
Because I'm in that kind of mood.
If they're going to be...
You can say that.
I can't.
If I said that, I get angry.
I get death threat tweets.
You can say that.
If they're going to be cunty, then treat them.
Actually, douches are bad for you.
So honestly, I think it is the worst insult.
Call someone a douche because douches are bad for you.
Oh my God.
If any episode ever deserved the explicit tag.
All right.
Anyhow, let's talk about...
I'm making up for your Blender on Bobby by making us worse.
Let's talk about some of the less explicit things coming out of EVO because there is
a lot of news happening.
Playing as Panda.
Okay.
In Tekken 7.
Oh, the competitor that was doing that?
The Panda was so cute against Devil Jin.
It was so cute.
The Devil Jin guy won, but the Panda player did pretty freaking well.
Yeah.
All the Tekken 7 hype and all the stuff that's happening around that at EVO and everything
is kind of reminding me like, oh yeah, Tekken 7 is supposed to be really good.
I need to pick that up at some point.
So I think I probably will because like many of you, I loved Tekken 1, 2, 3, and then kind
of maybe I looked at 4 and I kind of lost sight of the series.
So I need to come back to it with Tekken 7, which just before we went live tonight, apparently
they dropped a bombshell on season 2 characters for Tekken 7 and Anna is going to be there
because you have to have Anna.
Come on.
You have to have Anna.
Negan from The Walking Dead is like their next big crossover, which is...
Yeah, I know.
I don't watch Walking Dead, so I have no idea what that is.
I don't watch Walking Dead.
I don't watch Walking Dead.
He's the antagonist that carries the bat with the spikes on it.
Oh, played by, um, what's his face that played the dad on Supernatural.
Yes.
Jeffrey Dean Anderson.
Yeah, that's it.
So, him.
And the comedian.
Yes.
Is that the guy from Everybody Loves Raymond?
No, I don't think he's from Everybody Loves Raymond, no.
Or was he?
I don't know.
I just remember him from Supernatural.
Look up his bio.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan.
Now he's the brother from Everybody Loves Raymond.
I don't know which character he is in Walking Dead because I didn't get to watch that show
because my wife didn't want to watch The Walking Dead.
She didn't want to watch, you know, Breaking Bad.
She wanted to watch House again.
My mother watches Walking Dead.
She wants me to watch it.
Or Grey's Anatomy again.
Or God whatever other awful show.
Here's the thing.
I don't watch it because A, it's on on Sunday nights and there's-
B, Netflix exists.
Yeah, something else going on.
It's too violent for me is my honest answer.
You guys know how I feel about the gore of violent stuff.
Like when it's cartoony video game Mortal Kombat 2.
It's funny and I can deal with it.
Or like the Happy Tree Friends and stuff.
Even that's a bit much sometimes.
That should be a crossover character for Mortal Kombat.
I can deal with it.
But like the new Mortal Kombats that are like super realistic.
I'm like this is-
Oh my God.
Now I really want a Happy Tree Friends fighting game in the style of the latest Mortal Kombat game where it's just ultra violent.
Wasn't there a Happy Tree Friends game years ago?
I thought there was.
I could be wrong.
That was years ago.
Anyway, I don't even think that's a thing anymore.
Anyway, other news out of EVO.
Let's see, DLC character Terry Bogard for fighting EX.
Which is going to be a character in there.
Aria and Sharon teased.
Volcano Rosso and Pullum Perna are coming out between August and September.
I know none of these characters unfortunately.
I don't follow this series at all.
I probably should because I've always had a soft spot for like the stuff that came from SNK and Neo Geo back in the day.
And obviously that's where that all comes from.
Soul Calibur 6.
Now this is more my speed.
I love the Soul Calibur series.
Astaroth and Song Minah are announced that are going to be in the game.
Why don't they just say all the old characters are coming back?
Because I feel like every week we have an announcement.
How many games has Maxie died in?
Probably all of them.
But the soul is eternal.
He still has the voice actor he had in the original Soul Calibur 2.
Anyway, I'm super excited about Soul Calibur 6.
I'll be checking that out for sure.
There is a new Guilty Gear game being made.
That is something that was announced as well.
DOA 6 teased some reveals that are coming up for Gamescom.
But unfortunately they did not announce anything.
There is thought that during the show later tonight.
So maybe we'll have some breaking news in part B.
Capcom may tease some Street Fighter 5 stuff.
But that would not happen until the top 8.
That is I believe what is happening at EVO right now.
Is the Street Fighter 5 stuff.
So we may hear about that mid-show at some point.
So that would be cool.
Okay, so I did recognize him from Grey's Anatomy unfortunately.
One of those shows your wife made you one.
I was like...
But he does look very much like...
There is a comedian that looks kind of like him too.
That was the brother in...
Everybody Loves Raymond.
Yeah.
No worries.
There is an update for Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Edition.
That has just hit the Switch.
And if you want to play Dragon Ball FighterZ on Switch.
The open beta is next week.
And SNK Heroines is going to feature a female Terry Bogard.
Which is pretty cool.
So kind of like some gender swapping there.
But you know we've kind of seen that in some other games before.
So that will be...
Yes and he is much hotter as a female.
It depends on what you're into.
But sure.
Alright.
So anyway.
Lots of talk about fighting games this weekend because of EVO.
What was the last fighting game you got into?
Loki?
You don't really play a lot of fighting games do you?
Last fighting game I played? Jeez.
What about you guys in chat?
What was the last fighting game you super got into?
I don't know.
I'd probably say on my arcade cabinet I was playing Marvel vs. Capcom 2.
I mean I didn't really get into like any fighting games like a lot.
Yeah that was probably the last one.
I mean.
I may have played.
No I don't know if I played Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
I did want that one though.
You know what I wish they would release like on Switch.
Or one of these like collection type of things.
Maybe it's been out.
Or Tatsunoko vs. Capcom.
I did play that on the Wii.
Did you?
Yeah that game was pretty cool.
I want them to bring back Capcom vs. SNK 2.
And I imagine it's like a licensing nightmare.
Which is why that won't happen.
But that's like one of my all time favorite fighting games.
But I feel like that's a game I want on Switch.
That I'll probably be waiting forever.
For something like that.
But that's like one of my all time favorite fighting games.
Is Capcom SNK 2.
So.
Yeah that was pretty good.
And then let's see.
I get into the Soul Calibur series.
So I'll be excited with Soul Calibur 6.
Or I did try to get into Mugen a little bit.
But.
Oh yeah that was the thing you were.
That was like betting wasn't it?
Well salty bet.
Yeah that was fun.
But no actually.
The problem with Mugen is like.
Balancing.
I mean I guess you just don't give a shit about balance.
It's just like.
Throw everybody in there and balance.
Whatever.
There's no fucking way this is ever going to be balanced.
But I kind of wanted to get into that.
But more.
You know actually balance it out.
But yeah it's just.
It's just too much.
It's too overwhelming when you see all the options.
It's like I don't know who to put in my roster.
It's too many.
Too many people.
It's like.
I'll put all the fighting.
All of them.
All of the characters.
Every single one of them.
Probably the last fighting game I probably played like more than a couple hours of.
Like recently was actually Street Fighter 4.
Like that game kind of still delivers.
Because it's.
It's everywhere.
Like remember Street Fighter 4 was a launch title on the 3DS.
Remember that.
I have it on my cabinet.
Yeah.
But then obviously you know it keeps.
They put it out on PlayStation Plus or something not that long ago.
One of those.
The Xbox Gold or something.
So and then it's you know.
It's very easy to find a copy of Street Fighter 4.
And that is a very solid fighter.
So I would say that's what it is.
I didn't put that on the Switch.
Yeah that is kind of surprising that doesn't exist on Switch.
Maybe they have like some exclusive deal right now with console exclusives for Street Fighter as a whole franchise.
Well no because that Switch just got that massive collection that we just mentioned.
With the Street Fighter 3 and the alpha and you know that whole bundle.
Yeah.
About 4.
Looking in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SJ100Matt is talking about FighterZ.
It was a game he got into recently.
I played online and stopped playing.
People are just insanely tough on there.
Bonds006 says I played me some Marvel vs. Capcom 2 before I came home.
But SJ100Matt points out Capcom vs. SNK 2 is also up there.
Jamie I didn't really get your opinion on this.
What's like a fighting game series you've recently been into.
Like a fighting game series you like follow, watch or that you've played a lot of.
Because I feel like you probably have collectively played more fighting games than the two of us.
Just with your history.
I was really into Tekken for a long time when I started working at that Amco arcade.
Tekken 3 was my jam.
Tekken 4 I was really into.
Tekken 5 I was really into.
Tekken Tag not so much.
Yeah Tekken was really the big one for me for a while.
And then I was also really into like Darkstalkers.
Oh sure.
Yeah really into Darkstalkers.
You know that makes me think of Puzzle Fighter.
And even though I guess Puzzle Fighter is something that is represented at EVO.
EVO is not just like the big fighting games that everybody knows.
But I guess EVO has a lot of tournaments for a lot of little stuff too.
Like I guess they have the Windjammers because that recently came back right.
So they have a Windjammers tournament there.
But they have a Puzzle Fighter tournament that happens at EVO.
And that is more up my alley.
Like Puzzle Fighter that's a fun game.
Is that Pocket Fighter?
I'm sure they do but I don't know.
I wish Puzzle Fighter would come back.
And yes I'm well aware of the iPhone Android game.
So I'm going to go back to what I said.
I wish Puzzle Fighter would come back.
I wish that they would do.
Would bring Red Earth out which I knew that that ship has sailed because that should have been Saturn era.
But I'd like to see like a sequel to Red Earth.
I thought you want Arrival Schools.
I really want Arrival Schools.
That was my other jam.
Yeah.
I even posted on my Twitter the other day that I still want Arrival Schools game.
You know those are my big things.
And you know Dan and I played a lot of X-Men vs Street Fighter because we had it on Saturn.
Nice.
And then Marvel Super Heroes vs Street Fighter we had that.
Is there anything like recent like some of the recent batches that you've gotten into or do you kind of nothing beats the 2D classics?
I finally got to play Dragon Ball FighterZ.
Oh what did you think?
I really liked it.
It was a little difficult to get used to the moves.
And we're actually even though I have it on Steam I'm going to get the one of the console releases.
I just have to figure out which one we want to get.
If I get it on Switch I'll have to get another pro controller I guess.
It was really a lot of fun.
Yeah.
And but I really think that my big fighting game enthusiasm kind of died out after Marvel vs Capcom 2.
Well you know I honestly like the Dreamcast was like the fighting game console for me.
That was like all the best 2D fighting games were on the freaking Dreamcast.
And I didn't even I didn't even buy Dreamcast until like Sega had already canned it and they were down to like forty dollars.
But then it's like I went back and rediscovered all these amazing games.
And even not just the 2D stuff but that's where like Soul Edge was a Dreamcast thing right.
So you know like.
So like Vons006 says Darkstalkers is the new Half Life.
And I was like except there was a third Darkstalkers.
Darkstalkers did get to three yes.
We have Vampire Savior.
All right.
All right well fighting games is fun but I know we play a lot more than just fighting games.
And let's talk about the other games that we have been playing in your gaming week.
So Darkstalker how was your gaming week?
It was pretty dead.
I've had a really busy week because I'm in training at work.
So I don't know I read the WoW wiki and I read the Injustice 2 wiki.
To the point that I think Dan and I might have to pick up Injustice speaking of fighting games.
Except I hate DC.
Like none of the characters really interest me but that game really interests me.
Injustice is pretty like the cool thing about Injustice is that it's Mortal Kombat basically.
But it's not that violent stuff that I was talking about.
It's instead it's superheroes.
And it has a story.
You know I understand there's a DC versus Marvel thing.
I don't get as into that argument and I love Batman.
So you know there's always going to be some of the stuff in DC that I'm like into.
It's like a new Marvel fighting game.
I think Injustice is a solid franchise.
Yeah it doesn't matter how you feel about comic books and stuff.
Like a good game is still a good game.
I like all the character interactions though.
And also that game has my favorite ever version of Harley Quinn.
Because she's still herself but she's moved on.
Yeah.
And really I mean it's just been a lot of pinball lately because we just got the shadow.
And I've been perusing a few things on Steam.
But I haven't really played anything yet.
I need to get my stream setup done.
I was trying to say I need to get my streaming stuff set up.
So I've been slacking.
It's been a busy week.
Sure. It happens.
All right. Loki how about you? How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole lot of games because I've been working on programming.
So I did play.
Well my son's birthday was this week so we bought him a gaming laptop for his birthday.
Probably a big mistake but whatever.
So he has been playing games on there so I did while setting it up.
Check it out because I haven't played it surprisingly enough.
Octodad.
Oh yeah.
That game is hilarious.
So we got to play a little bit of that.
But it's basically setting up Minecraft and stuff for him with mods and everything.
Man Minecraft and mods have really come before I remember trying to get controller support in Minecraft.
It was a pain in the ass.
Now they just have a mod that works with them.
Like jeez this is fucking easier than it was when I had to do this.
So that's kind of cool.
But really didn't play a whole lot other than Pokemon Go this week just because I can't get access to my TV.
My brand new 4K TV and my PlayStation Pro.
And my brand new copy of Horizon Zero Dawn that's literally had two minutes worth of playtime on it.
So sad.
So I haven't been playing any console games unfortunately.
I did install more Steam games because why not?
Let's make that library bigger of stuff I'm never going to play.
But I had a bunch of stuff like I was digging through my Humble Bundle library.
Because I was like well I need to get some keys to my son.
Because I gave him a Steam account.
And I was like okay well I'm just going to offload all these duplicate keys that I have.
Which I have like 50 duplicate keys.
It's fucking ridiculous.
So I was going through that and I'm like wait a second.
This is stuff I haven't read.
I remember purchasing this and I didn't ever redeem it.
So I've been going through that and just adding this to my library since I'm like up to like 560.
Maybe I'll play a game. I'll pick a game to play and just play through it.
You should do that.
Especially when you're on a video gaming podcast.
Playing some games is good.
But whatever.
You know what? My motivation was I need to finish a fucking game.
So everybody can stop saying fake the fucking game.
I was going to, if you would let me finish my sentence before you.
I was going to say but I know you've been spending a lot of time trying to get back into Unity to write games.
Well I'm in. I've kind of left Unity. I'm back in Unreal now.
Oh sorry. But still.
You're working on the thing that everybody criticizes you about.
So I suppose you could be given some credit there.
But play some more games.
I want to play more games.
Alright.
Anyway.
Let's see my gaming week.
To be fair. I haven't played a lot of new games.
Because the game I've been still playing most of this week.
No Man's Sky with the reboot.
That's exactly it. I want to go back to that too.
Yeah. And honestly. I probably streamed that game like three times this week.
And been continuing my adventures in No Man's Sky.
Learned a lot about multiplayer.
With how the weird syncing works.
Because I don't think it does server syncing.
I think it's like peer to peer.
Because the only way I was able to see Bobby's base finally.
Which he built on the same planet that I built my base.
He just built it like across the river.
Is that the only way we could do that.
Is that he started a game.
I joined his game.
We met on the planet.
And then I could see the base.
And then it stayed.
And actually. Bobby doesn't know this part.
It did stay behind.
So that when I played off stream.
And I went back to his base.
I got the trophy for visiting a base.
Basically alone.
It's weird though that you would think that we would just update.
It's just like it hasn't refreshed.
Yeah. But there's no server talk or something.
But there should be. All that's supposed to be persistent.
Well. Here's the thing.
I think maybe the game is very popular right now with the reboot.
And I think a lot of that's struggling.
Because I notice.
Like every time I play the game.
The little icon for naming services.
Always is like naming services are offline.
Like it's always offline.
So I think the things that I'm naming.
Don't get out there.
I didn't want to name this shitty planet anyway.
Exactly.
Well the funny thing that happened on one stream.
And there's a clip of it over my Twitch channel.
Rob Roberts.
The funny thing that happened on a stream that really made me lose my shit.
There was a planet that was like really icy and frozen.
And so I was just joking like.
Oh well I'm going to name this planet Madonna.
Because it's frozen.
Because it's heart's not open. Get it?
So I tried to name the planet Madonna.
And as soon as I hit enter for Madonna.
It came up.
Profanity filter.
This name has been rejected by the profanity filter.
Madonna is a profane word.
I can't.
I can't name the planet.
I'm like who made this game?
Lady Gaga?
Like what is.
Why can't I name a planet Madonna?
So I had to name it.
The second rate Madonna.
Venus Delight.
Which like two listeners will understand that joke.
So anyway.
It wouldn't take Madonna.
Now I wonder if it's because Madonna.
I mean to be fair.
Does have biblical connotations to it.
But still.
I just found that very weird.
That it was in the.
It could be something like that.
Or it could be a phonetic filter.
It could be like you know maybe.
Is Madonna a curse word in another language?
Maybe there's like.
I don't know.
Eh.
Go to Madonna.
Is that a.
I don't know.
Curse in another language.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Tiger Claw says.
Maybe the game is preventing you to name planets as celebrities.
It isn't doing a very good job because I have.
Let's see.
I have.
I have planetary systems named Aisha Tyler.
Beth Ditto.
We stan Robin.
I.
There's plenty of.
I have a planet named Vangie.
I'm sure there's probably like 5,000 planets named Miss Vangie or Vangie or some connotation
of.
But you better believe I have a planet named Vangie out there.
So I mean you could name things after celebrities.
Madonna is the first one where it said nope.
Oh I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf trying to give some insight to what's going on saying.
It's persistent to new players.
But once you've already visited a planet.
It doesn't try to get new information.
Hmm.
Interesting.
So it's like it downloads the planet the first time you go.
But then once you kind of like have your own version of it.
It doesn't keep trying to grab it from the server.
Which might be part of how they try to reduce strain on the server since we're not exactly
playing.
Or paying a monthly fee to.
To play the game online or anything.
But I don't know.
Yeah whatever.
Yeah.
I mean it's not.
It's not deal breaking for me because.
I kind of feel that multiplayer is sort of limited anyway.
Like the night that Bobby and I were kind of screwing around on stream and Dungeon Buster
was there too.
And we were like looking at stuff on the planet like that was fun.
But I don't think you could really play the whole game that way.
Like I'm not sure that would really work.
Like now we're at a point where like Bobby's kind of at one point in the story.
I'm at one point in the story.
And it's cool that we have this place to converge.
And that's what I like is that oh we have this world where we both have bases so we
can kind of you know.
But I actually I used Bobby's base to hide from Sentinels.
Because just on the other side of the hill from Bobby there was some stuff I was mining.
Some hydrogen crystals or something.
And I actually mined so much of it because I have a new multi-tool that does it fast.
So I mined so much of it that it pissed off the Sentinel.
And I was like oh crap.
And so it's like follow me follow me.
So I ran into Bobby's base and it finally.
The worst fucking part of that game is the stupid fucking Sentinels.
I hate that shit.
Yeah.
Well you can kill them.
But it just.
It'll rate.
Yeah but then it lets.
You know.
But there's a lot of quests.
Clean up until you get like super death Sentinels or whatever.
There's a lot of quests that.
I want you to kill Sentinels.
Bobby Blackwell says someone on Reddit tried to name planet Madonna a year ago.
Well I'm sure I'm sure I'm not the first person in history to try to name something Madonna
no man's sky like you know there's other 40 year old gay guys that play this game I'm
sure.
But still like it's just it's the first time I heard of it.
I'm doing something that has nothing to do with video games tomorrow.
Uh dare I ask what is it worthy of mentioning on this show or.
Yeah I'm going to see Sailor Moon Super subtitled in the theater tomorrow night.
Huh.
That's awesome.
I still haven't seen the Mamma Mia sequel I'm upset.
And Transformers the movie is going to be playing.
I my wife saw the sequel she said it wasn't that great.
I don't always agree with your wife though no no no offense but I don't always agree
with her opinion on movies and TV and stuff so I'm going to see it anyway.
It doesn't matter like you literally have 20 people tell me it's fucking garbage.
She and I'm still going to go see she watched that movie room on Netflix yesterday.
Not the room but room totally different right.
No the one that got nominated for Oscar.
Yes I don't know.
Anyway so that was no man's sky.
And then otherwise I've also been continue to play Pokemon Go.
I'm two thirds of the way through level 38 now so I have six million XP to go before
I'm capped in Pokemon Go.
So the friends thing has been great for XP even though I'm really bad at sending you
receiving gifts when I do do it and I've really been trying to get my gifts out there when
I do do it like I've been I've been hitting 10000 XP bonuses like left and right because
I'm getting up to two stars with people and now I'm starting to hit three stars with some
people like I hit three stars with you this week Loki right.
Yeah that was actually right after the show.
That was 50000 XP dark soccer and I are like we were probably going to hit it today like
that that it's hard to tell because it doesn't give you a numerical representation of how
far along you are.
Yes you can.
Oh how.
So go into your friends thing.
I'm doing this right now.
So go into your friends and then go to whatever friend you want to look at.
OK.
Well I got to launch my game.
You keep talking.
I'll do this.
Go whatever friend you look at you tap on the icon that shows the little circles and
I'll tell you how many days away you are from reaching your next level.
I had no idea.
Well that makes it easier to know when to pop the stupid lucky egg.
So let me go.
So when I go to my friends list and I'm scrolling right now to find dark soccer.
So she's down here.
There she is.
So I.
Oh OK.
So you tap on the.
Oh play together for two more days to become ultra friends.
So we won't hit it today.
We'll hit it tomorrow.
Yeah.
Assuming I remember to open her gift after the show that I will.
So that's how you know.
OK.
Good to know.
Good to know.
So where am I.
So there's one person above dark soccer that I'm almost.
This is one of these guys that I played those online survivor games with.
So he is at one more day.
So I will hit three stars with somebody today.
So there is that.
That's cool.
How long do Loki and I have to go before we hit four stars.
It looks well I have magma lemur who is kind of the furthest along.
He has 53 more days.
So I have to accept your gift.
So you and I have 56 more days to be BFF.
Yes.
My strongest whatever you want to call it friend in the game is one of my friends in Toronto.
Forty six more days.
So but we have Kyle and I have traded every single day.
Like we have not missed a beat every single day.
He's the first person I send a gift to every day just because he was the most regular at everybody.
So we ended up being like the closest friends.
So that's Pokemon Go.
Kuma JP.
So we're talking about there.
All right.
But but some of you some of the listeners are close.
Act Deft is number two on my list.
And I think as 200 miles like number four behind one of my local friends.
So as 200 Matt and Act after still above Shane on my list.
Shane's at number like six or seven on my list.
So anyway Pokemon Go.
Good times.
Let's get into some other stuff.
I want to get into some like housekeeping and announcements sort of thing.
I do have like a personal announcement.
So I changed my Twitter name after God I've been on Twitter.
When did Twitter start like 2006.
I've probably been on Twitter since 2006.
And some of you told me not to give up my four letter name.
But I did it.
I switched my name on Twitter to Mr. Rob Roberts.
So if you want to follow me on Twitter I'm at Mr. Rob Roberts.
I just didn't feel as strong of a connection to the old name anymore.
Which I haven't really used regularly since the DDR days.
When I would enter in my high score with a four letter name.
I think due to this show and other podcasts and things I've done.
Was that either friend you again or did you change?
No because the good news about Twitter is that it just carries it all with you.
So I didn't lose anybody.
No I wouldn't.
Oh my God.
With being on the site that long I would not want to build up from scratch again.
No way.
So I did it because everything carries with you.
But here's the interesting thing.
I tried to snag the old name right back.
And I had two browsers waiting to go.
So I made the change on the first browser.
And then in the second browser I had a new account ready to go to switch to Sky, my old name.
I couldn't do it.
Because it says you cannot have a Twitter name with less than five characters.
So Twitter no longer lets you have short usernames.
So at least the good news is nobody can have my old name.
But the kind of crappy part is that I can't put a placeholder for all those old streams and old episodes of the show where I shouted out my old name.
It's not going to work.
So that part kind of sucks.
But I'm trying to look forward not backward.
So at least my Instagram and my Twitter are unified now.
And so like Snapchat and all that other crap I'll probably try to unify.
So I have all that one name.
So that'll be that'll be nice.
So there it is.
So that's my new Twitter name.
Also I want to quickly talk about Dragon Con.
So we're not going to be here at the end of the month over Labor Day weekend because I'm going to be at Dragon Con.
And I guess I can talk about this now because a lot of the panel schedules or at least, you know, everything is tentative until the show shows up.
But all the tentative stuff is now out there.
I'm going to be doing eight panels this year at Dragon Con.
And I am really excited about it.
That's a lot of panels.
But I love doing panels.
And part of the reason why I'm doing more panels at Dragon Con this year than years past is that not only is the Dragon Con podcasting track having me back, which I'm very thankful for.
And I'm doing some pretty cool stuff with them.
But also I will be working for the first time with the Dragon Con video gaming track.
So if you've never been a video, excuse me, if you've never been to Dragon Con, it's like 20 conventions all happening at once.
They have all these different tracks that have full time programming.
And there's tracks for Star Trek, Star Wars, Whedonverse, British television because British, or Powell from British Invaders, Brian is almost always doing stuff with that track.
Gary from Critical Myth will probably be doing stuff with either the Trek track or the X track, which is some of like the sci-fi modern programming stuff.
Like I went to a Twin Peaks panel on the X track last year.
So, I mean, there's all sorts of like stuff that all happens at once.
So I'm working with two tracks this year, whereas every other year I've been to Dragon Con, I've been working with one.
So I'm very happy.
Bobby, I really would not have been able to do it without Bobby finally getting in touch with the gaming track and kind of pushing us to get on there.
So I'm really excited about it.
So let me tell you some of the panels I'm going to be doing.
I'm going to run through this fast because there's a lot.
So Friday at 10 a.m., I'm going to be doing a Mass Effect voice actors panel.
Oh my gosh, I'm so thrilled about this one.
Like obviously, you know, I'm a professional, but at the same time, I'm going to fanboy a little bit about Mass Effect.
So this Mass Effect voice actors panel, Mark Muir, who's the male voice of Shepard, the voice of Jack, the voice of Legion, all going to be on this panel.
I'm really excited about that one.
7 p.m. Eastern on Friday, over with the podcasting track, going to be doing a panel on live broadcasting.
I only have my short notes for my personal calendar here that I'm looking at.
I'll give you the longer descriptions once the app is out because I would encourage you to download the Dragon Con app if you're going to Dragon Con because it's amazing.
But there's a live broadcasting panel that I'm going to be part of, which, you know, I've been doing live broadcasting thanks to OLR for a little while.
So we'll have a lot to say there.
Also doing a podcast panel at 10 o'clock on Friday night.
It is a like Shark Tank style panel for podcasters.
It's like a pitch your podcast type of thing and we'll give you immediate feedback.
So I get to be the, what's his name, the guy that owns the basketball team, Mark Cuban.
I get to be the Mark Cuban of that panel.
Actually, I don't know if I'll be the mean one. I don't know. We'll see.
I'm really, but when it comes to podcasting, I'm very hippy dippy and like everybody should do it.
Everybody should be a podcaster. So maybe I won't be the Mark Cuban.
Saturday is going to be very busy for me, but I'm very excited.
1 o'clock Eastern over the Westin.
I'm going to be doing a Five Nights at Freddy's sister location live playthrough with voice actors from the game.
Sorry, I'm not the one playing the game.
Because that would have been a recipe for disaster, but that's going to be really fun.
Right after that is done, I have to run back over to the hotel where the podcast panel is doing a broadcasting and podcasting type of thing,
which I believe, again, I only have my short notes here.
I believe that is a panel about some like the streaming and doing like, you know, again, kind of like live performance stuff.
4 o'clock Eastern back at the Westin. So I'm literally running back and forth that day.
There's a Twitch 101 panel. So they're going to have an engineer from Twitch that's actually going to be there.
And I will be moderating kind of like a, how do you do Twitch? Why should you do Twitch?
You know, kind of all about Twitch, like a Twitch discussion.
That'll probably be also a great networking panel because I imagine a lot of Twitch streamers,
probably small up and comers that go to Dragon Con will probably be there wanting to network.
So I'll be right there networking with you all.
And then back on the podcasting track at 7 o'clock Saturday night, a panel on social media.
So getting on Twitter, Instagram, all the new stuff. There's stuff I haven't even heard of.
I learned about an app called Anchor, which is really big for podcasters, thanks to a panel like this last year.
So that will be a lot of fun. So that is on Saturday.
And then I'm not done yet. Sunday at 4 o'clock Eastern, I'm going to be doing an Overwatch voice actors panel.
I am really excited about this and so thankful to the gaming track staff for letting me, trusting me with this.
So the voice actresses behind Mercy, D.Va, and Symmetra will be there.
And it's going to take everything in my power to not ask the question, how does it feel to be gay icons, all of you?
Because honestly, I know a lot of gay Overwatch players and they all play D.Va, Mercy, and Symmetra.
So that's going to be fun. I'm really excited about that panel.
So I think that's it. Did I hit all eight? I think I did.
If I didn't, then I haven't put it in my calendar yet, which is probably not a good sign, but I will pick that up.
I feel like I'm missing one from the podcast track.
No, I have them all. That was eight.
It's busy. It's going to be busy, but I'm really excited.
So if you're going to be at Dragon Con, find me in the app once they get it listed.
I will be under Attending Professionals so you can find me, Rob Roberts, and you'll be able to see my whole schedule right there in the app.
And please come by. Please don't be shy. Come up and say hello at any of the panels.
If your goal is to just say hi to me, I would say go to the ones on the podcasting track.
Just for the fact of the matter is, the room is smaller for podcasting.
You can imagine these voice actor panels are going to be pretty big, so they'll be using bigger rooms.
It'll be easier to kind of talk to me after one of these other panels.
But I am really, really, really excited about this.
And in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, sj100matt says, contact Rob through his agent Mr. Smoosh.
Yes, if you would like to.
Mxc says, I wish I were going to Dragon Con. I would love to check out these panels.
Hopefully the podcasting track will do a streaming thing. I know they've done that in years past.
They live streamed some of it, but I know that was also hit and miss in regards to the quality and stuff.
So I don't know if they're still doing it, but cross your fingers on your toes, okay?
Some of them get posted to YouTube too, so we'll see.
Anyhow, that's my Dragon Con schedule, so I hope to see many of you Labor Day weekend in Atlanta.
So enough about me, let's get to some more gaming news.
Loki, what's going on in the world of video gaming this week?
The world of video gaming is full of Bitcoin mining and all sorts of garbage.
So yes, apparently someone snuck a game onto Steam.
I should say snuck because, well it was accepted on Steam, but they snuck a crypto-jacking program in there as well.
So the game was called Abstractism, and basically what was happening is that they were noticing that the game is very minimal looking,
but for some reason their CPUs and GPUs were taxing from the game.
And so people started wondering, well is this a virus? I mean, what's going on?
And so apparently, after looking through the game, they found out that, oh hey, it's a cryptocurrency miner.
So it did end up getting pulled off of Steam, thanks to Valve.
Yeah, thanks.
Once it was pointed out, but the developer of course says, you know, abstractism doesn't mine any cryptocurrency.
Probably you are playing on high graphics settings because they take a bit of CPU and GPU power for the post-processing effects rendering.
Yeah, except the game apparently found that, you know, running on a virtual machine, that the resource usage is unrelated to graphical rendering,
as it persisted even when the game is not being rendered, or being rendered by a separate GPU.
So it was a big ol' scam, and it got removed.
Basically they said they removed abstractism and banned its developer from Steam for shipping with unauthorized code, trolling, scamming.
Yeah, how much money did he make first though? Like, how much Bitcoin was he able to mine because of this?
Probably not much, if anything.
Haven't they mined all the Bitcoin by now? Isn't that well dry?
It's harder to do it now, and I just don't think that they would have. I mean, this thing looks like it's drawn, like, with a pencil.
I mean, it's very minimalistic, so I can't imagine-
Well, because it's trying to use your processor to mine Bitcoin.
Yeah, I can't imagine that there'd be any pro- like, it just doesn't seem very processor-intensive, so I- it's definitely bullshit, but whatever.
So at least that's done. Um, and then, you know, there's-
More garbage on the Steam store, because they barely moderate it. What a shock!
Yes! Well, speaking of more garbage on the Steam store, so, there's an issue with, um, fake items, dummy items, masquerading as Team Fortress 2 or Dota 2 rarities.
And, so what they're doing is, apparently people are sneaking games onto Steam again, as called something else, but they use, like, an icon or items that look exactly like the items that are in, um, Team Fortress 2 or Dota 2.
So when you're looking at them on, you know, the boards to swap stuff, when you're going through that and trying to buy, um, these rare items, you may notice that they look the same, and so you might purchase it by mistake.
So, um, apparently, they're saying that, you know, we started, um, requiring approval for app name changes.
So yeah, what would happen is they'd put it up like, you know, my game is dumb shit, you know, platformer 2, and then, once you get in there, I'm gonna change my name to Team Fortress 2 now.
Just after it's already on there, and then, you know, fuck with shit.
Um, so basically, we started requiring approval for app name changes and have more planned to address this sort of problem that we couldn't get done in one day.
We're hoping to have to dismiss two warning dialogues and be sufficient to make people think twice about trades containing forged items, but this is not the end of our response. We'll continue the monitor, of course.
I just gotta think, you know, with this whole, like, crap that goes on.
The Steam store is messy. It is messy.
Remember how crappy, or like, I didn't think it was that crappy to begin with, Steam Greenlight? I'm kinda wishing we had Steam Greenlight again, because this is bullshit.
I do too. I just think a lot of changes the store's made in the past few years, it's just, it's a mess. It's a mess.
It's fine if you wanna go grab, like, if you know that, like, Civ 6 is out, and you know exactly where you're going to get it and all that stuff, but as far as, like, discovery and all that, it's a mess.
And, you know, the whole process before, like, I think the getting rid of the Steam Greenlight was, well, we just don't really wanna vet this stuff anymore, and it's like,
well, we can make a lot more money if everybody is, you know, able to pay us $100 to put any game up, but it, they thought $100 would be a barrier to entry for anybody to put stuff up on the store, but it's not.
No, it's not.
It's no barrier whatsoever, and I think as terrible as Greenlight was, I kinda wish it was back, because this is, it's even worse now.
Yeah, I agree. And, you know, ST-100 Matt brings up, at least when YYR made a game about shit, he stuck to it and didn't change it.
Well, you know, speaking of a different game that YYR made, you know, it's, in my opinion, it is still a crime that Super Multitasking is not, like, an all-star game that everybody is talking about.
Like, and it's because Steam is such a mess, that game probably never gets featured, unfortunately.
It's, it's probably really hard to stick out amongst, you know, it's just, it's just hard to hear about these, like, apps, or these games that are secretly Bitcoin miners and shit, when it's like, you know, there's gems out there, like Super Multitasking.
Or games that are put up on there, where they're, like, you can't pass the first level, where it's just, like, absolute basic stuff is broken.
Yeah.
Or they seem executable, or they, yeah, executable for the game is not included with it, or something ridiculous.
Rage Nator does point out Greenlight was abused a good percentage of the time, essentially, will give you this $10 game for free if you upvoted on Greenlight.
I understand that it was, you know, it was abused, but this is far worse now.
Now, you know, where they don't have to go through that whole step of, like, trying to get people to upvote it, now it's just, I'm just gonna literally shit into the marketplace.
You know, sometimes it could be one game that they've cloned, like, five or six times under different names, and they'll just throw that shit up on there.
I don't know.
All right. Well, anyhow, let's move on and talk about, you know, when Steam becomes such a mess, you might turn to other ways to get your games, like piracy.
Just get, don't pirate games, you shouldn't do that, because A.
All the time.
You need to support developers, and B, you can get banned from your Nintendo system from doing it.
We talked already about the Switch, and how the Switch had made this change, where it's getting a little better at detecting pirated software, and basically banning your Nintendo account.
Well, guess what happened this week?
The 3DS also got a firmware update.
That's right.
The firmware update that came out this week on the 3DS, which a lot of people are paying attention to this week, because that new WarioWare game, which I still need to grab.
The WarioWare Gold, because I guess it does have new stuff, as well as, like, old stuff, so I'm in if there's new stuff.
So the new WarioWare game came out on 3DS, so everybody's checking it out, but they have to update their firmware to do it.
3DS firmware update implements this same feature that will detect a pirated game, and if it senses you running it, you will have your Nintendo account and your system banned, because you're a dirty, filthy pirate.
So, at least in Nintendo's eyes.
Not my words, theirs, no.
Anyway, all seriousness, that is something that Nintendo is really trying to push against.
Very interesting to see Nintendo ramp up a lot of these efforts recently between not just the Switch firmware, but 3DS firmware.
We had that story about the ROM sites last week, so it'll be interesting to see what continues, but I know, I know.
What y'all really want to see is, okay, if they're shutting down all this stuff about the classic games, where's their solution for the Switch already?
Which, hopefully, we will finally know about in the coming months, but who knows?
I feel like I've been saying that like a broken record for a couple years, so we will see.
Meanwhile, other big, big things in gaming, Dark Sakura.
Well, parents want their children to be successful, don't you think? Good parents do.
I would hope so, yeah.
So there are parents who are hiring video game tutors to teach their kids how to be good at Fortnite and other games.
It was reported by the Wall Street Journal that there are families who have hired tutors to help them get better at video games, charging over $50 an hour for the service,
so that they will be able to attend schools, scholarships, or get scholarships at schools that offer incentive to gamers that join tournament teams.
And so these parents are investing in their video game skills.
I don't see a problem with this, but this is basically if you were to kind of draw parallels with any sports type stuff, like football.
It's like people trying to go professional with football and stuff, and training people that way.
I used to have a private tutor for saxophone.
Yeah, so I mean, whatever they want to use their money on, as long as they're teaching their kids as well, that listen, you have to have a strong education foundation,
but this might help you get in the door as well, but if this doesn't work out, have this to rely on as well.
I mean, there's no problem with, if you can get in a football scholarship and go to a really nice school, more power to you, but you gotta have the grades to back that up, too.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, I don't hate this news, and I'm not gonna make fun of it.
If this is something a parent wants to spend money on for their kid, go for it.
And that answer might surprise you guys, because I see a lot of talk on social media kind of poo-pooing this news about,
LOL, what kind of parent would hire a tutor for a video game for their kid and all that stuff,
but you gave the exact same example I was gonna give, is that people do it for football, baseball.
People do it for competitive sports all the time.
Pageantry.
Why not?
Singing. How many people hire singing coaches, because their son or daughter is gonna be the next American Idol or something?
Yes and no. I'm gonna separate the arts a little bit differently from competitive sports.
I don't wanna draw direct parallels, like even though Dark Soccer has had a saxophone tutor and stuff,
maybe this is just because I grew up band nerd, but I do still feel there is a difference with tutoring in the arts,
and that is a very different bubble from this.
But this is not the first time I've heard of tutors being hired for competitive sports, and that's what Fortnite is.
It's a competitive sport.
You can't make fun of this, in my opinion, you can't make fun of this, and then in the same breath go,
but I don't understand why ESPN won't show e-gaming sports.
The future is here, people.
ESPN is showing that type of stuff now.
The Overwatch League is pushing this ceiling that video games have had when it comes to competitive sports higher and higher,
and not just Overwatch League, I mean that's the first thing that comes to mind,
but look at EVO getting more and more mainstream stuff, and other gaming things as well.
As our generation, the Generation X and the Millennials and the Zillennials, you know what I mean though?
The Zennials.
Zennials, excuse me.
But you know what I mean, the generations that are our age, as we all grew up with video games,
and as we are getting older and we are making the purchasing decisions for the households and so forth,
this is that natural step, is that that type of stuff is now, like,
Overwatch is as much a competitive sport to enjoy watching as bowling, or the other stuff they show.
Maybe you should compare it with bowling, because bowling is kind of boring.
But, Loki, in all seriousness, it depends on who you are.
Like, you know, I've known people that were like competitive bowlers.
He kind of turned out to be a jerk though, but I mean, I have known people that do that stuff,
and if that's what you're into, then cool, you know what I mean?
Fine, as long as you're not hurting anybody, right?
So, but anyway, I just, yeah, I don't hate this story.
As long as, and you know, I think Dark Sakura kind of references too,
as long as the kid is going outside, getting fresh air, getting vitamin D,
interacting with other kids, doing the other things,
then honestly, I see no difference between this and football coaching.
Except the fact that, yes, football coaching is more physical in nature,
but Fortnite is mental, I suppose, mental activity.
Chess coaching.
And I'm not, sure, chess coaching.
And I'm not saying, hold that kid up inside all day.
Let the kid go outside and play in the mud.
That's what kids do, you know, let the kid go outside and play in traffic.
No, just kidding, don't do that, but you know what I mean.
Let them go outside and be kids too.
I'm sure there are going to be stage parent horror stories in Fortnite,
but again, all these other things we named have them too.
Well, the other thing that's kind of unique about Fortnite
and like other games of the like are,
they're probably not going to be around forever either.
I mean, just because Fortnite's popular right now,
next year could be a whole other game.
So don't get necessarily focused on one game,
just become better at gaming altogether.
Okay, go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says,
I remember when people were looking for tutors when Age of Empire was huge.
So it's always something.
Let's see, S2100Matt says,
I hope those tutors are teaching kids to be good people online as well.
I also hope the tutor teaches the kids how to properly balance gaming,
school, work, and other real life things as well.
Well, I would hope good sportsmanship is a part of that tutor
because this may shock you guys.
You may not know this about me,
but when I was a kid, I played soccer for many years.
Apparently, I was pretty good at being a goalie.
So I did soccer from the time I was like five
until probably I left it behind to join band when I was 12.
So I played soccer for a very long time.
And a good coach is going,
as I had many coaches during those years when I played soccer,
a good coach is going to teach you about good sportsmanship
and that, you know, when you lose a game,
you don't fucking like yell at the other team and stuff.
You still shake their hand and say, good game.
So again, a similar parallel to what already exists in our society
when it comes to other sports and things like that.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, some other comments.
Let's see, Bobby Blackwell says,
I watched a competitive cornhole tournament a few weeks ago.
You know, the game you play at tailgates
where you throw the bag into the hole.
It was on ESPN, not 2 or the Ocho.
No, that is a legit thing. I was at a bar last week.
I was actually convinced to go to a straight bar,
which doesn't always happen, but I went
and they were playing that cornhole game.
And that wasn't the first time I'd heard about it either
because I actually was looking into this whole thing
where like locally they have these different sports leagues.
I felt like I found it on Reddit.
Somebody was asking about things to do in town on Reddit
and somebody suggested like, well, if you want to meet people,
this sports league is really popular.
And I don't remember the name of it,
but it basically like they have the stuff you would expect
to see like a neighborhood softball.
I don't think you do baseball with softball team
or maybe it's T-ball, one of those things
or a neighborhood bowling is always a big thing with that.
But they actually had like, you know, a cornhole thing.
And I was like, what the fuck is cornhole?
And I actually did.
And then it was like not even like a few days
after reading that on Reddit.
Then I actually saw people playing it at this bar
and I was like, oh, they're playing that game
I was reading about, which is you throw a bag into a hole
and it's not like the sport exists basically.
So that sport exists for people that maybe
they just want to be there for the social aspect
and, you know, play a game that's less strenuous,
I suppose, than maybe something like ice hockey.
You know what I mean?
So, yeah. Yeah. Why not?
I mean, golf, it's kind of a lot of you do walk.
You do walk a lot in golf.
You have to, you know, you don't.
True, true. All right.
Bobby Bockel says it's huge at tailgating.
Yes, it's a branded beanbag toss.
It sure is.
I'm pretty sure this thing I was looking at at the bar
was one of the beer companies was sponsoring it.
So that's that's the thing.
So anyhow, there you go.
Wow. All these different talks on sports,
all because of tutors in Fortnite.
But Fortnite is just that big of a deal right now.
It's the game of the moment, you know?
Yes.
All right.
I the one I guess the one element and then I promise to move on.
The one element, though, is that you also don't like half,
even though I'm not like laughing at this news and saying this is stupid.
Like at the same time, you don't have to hire a tutor.
Just play Fortnite a lot.
And and if you're a parent, get involved with your kid playing Fortnite.
Watch them, cheer them on, support them,
help them notice some of the things on the screen.
Maybe they're missing.
Well, I think that these parents are doing that because that's why
they're doing the tutoring is because they are playing with them
and they want them to be better.
I don't know. I just hope it's not like they want them to get good.
Yet you brought up the pageant thing.
And you know, a lot of kids get involved in those pageants
because it's, you know, mom living out her fantasy.
I don't think so.
They're like, I mean, I am sure that there's some instances where,
like, you know, somebody might be convincing someone to play something.
But I think it's just more like encouraging them with what they want.
They see, you know, it's just like myself, like he wants to be a YouTuber
because he watches YouTubers.
It's like if someone's watching Twitch streamers of Fortnite players,
they're going to want to be a Fortnite player
because that's what they watch is what they want to do.
So you just have to support them.
And then eventually they'll either stick with it or they'll grow out of it.
I wanted to be in construction and engineering.
My wife would have preferred if I went into engineering.
I did not go into engineering because I'm, you know.
This is a struggle that lasts until college, okay?
I went to college and originally I was doing computer science and I hated it.
And then I got into, I was going to be a weatherman on TV.
And I interned at a CBS station in the town where I went to school
and all this stuff.
And as much as, like, I learned a lot from the experience,
I also learned from that experience.
This is absolutely not what I want to do.
Like, now that I've seen the reality of what goes into, I do not want to do this.
You don't want to go stand in the hurricane?
It's just, it's a lot more depressing.
My friend's dad is actually a hurricane chaser.
Yeah.
And that's, you know, I'm not going to bash the people that do it.
It's actually quite the opposite.
Like, I realized I don't have the strength and the self-esteem
to handle something like that.
You know what my original major was before I changed it to Japanese?
Forensic geology.
Oh, wow. That's kind of cool.
And I decided rocks are boring.
But at the same time, like, A, the day job that I do have as a corporate trainer,
like, I love it. It's awesome.
And I feel like, you know, cool.
I found this not through school, but through working my way up into it.
And that's awesome.
And B, you know, it's not that the broadcasting stuff I learned in college
went completely to waste because, look, here we are.
Like, you know, and I can say, I'm using my quoting fingers.
I built this, obviously, with Jamie and Loki,
but I can still look at it and go, as opposed to, like, you know,
something where it had to be done on somebody else's terms,
reporting to somebody else and ratings and all this other stuff,
I can look at this and go, but no, we have this,
and this is something that I helped build, and we do it by our rules.
You know what I mean?
But I do wish we had the ratings.
Well, you know what, there came a point a long time ago
where I just kind of realized if that was going to happen,
it would have happened, and it hasn't, but that's okay.
You know what, though, Loki?
But, like, there's that, but at the same time, like, you know,
it's taken a long time, but, like, the fact that I'm doing these panels
at Dragon Con is pretty amazing.
Not everybody gets to do that.
So, like, I'm thankful for that. I'm super thankful.
Okay, so I'm not PewDiePie, but who would want to be him?
He's an asshole.
But you know what I mean?
Like, with the spotlight can also come a lot of that negativity
of where everything you do is scrutinized type of thing.
You know, maybe not the best name for me to throw out there
because he deserved to be scrutinized for some of those things that he did,
but you know what I mean?
Like, I also really like my privacy.
Like, you know, sure, Sunday night we do this show.
We have our small little audience.
I love you guys.
We're a great little family here on Sunday nights and so forth
and throughout the week with the podcast feed.
I don't want to leave you guys out either.
That's all fantastic, but y'all are nice and respectful of my privacy.
I like that. You know what I mean?
Knock on wood, I'm not getting death threats.
And unfortunately, that's some of the stuff that comes with getting bigger.
When we were at our peak, when iTunes first launched podcasting
and we were one of only a handful of video game podcasts
the day that iTunes launched podcasting in the store,
we did have to taste a little bit of that unfortunate side.
Like, people at dark soccer, you got it worse than anyone
because unfortunately, you're a girl gamer.
And fuck all those idiots. I don't give a shit what they think.
Well, guess what? You're still here.
Where are they?
They're not.
They're not?
They have their kids and they've been punished.
Guess who doesn't have kids?
Anyway, let's see.
Bobby Blackwell says, hey, at least you're not interviewing Billy Mitchell.
Bobby Blackwell has seen his variety.
I would totally want to interview him because I don't give a shit about him
and that's the best kind of mentality to have.
That's why you don't get to interview him.
Here's the thing.
Oh, come on.
Here's the thing.
I ask the hard-hitting questions.
Remember, Konami, Jason Enos?
Here's the thing. Here's the thing.
As much as Bobby has kind of taken a few licks over that whole interview
and the article and everything,
at the same time, it is a perfect example of all publicity is good publicity
because it did get...
Now Bobby gets to say, as seen on Variety,
Bobby gets to say he was at that infamous panel with Billy Mitchell.
Bobby got invites to other shows he probably wouldn't have been a part of
if he hadn't done that because he got that publicity.
You know what I mean?
So he's growing his own networking from that.
So, I mean, yes, was it probably difficult for him in some ways?
I'm sure it was to read some of that negativity and stuff,
but at the same time, I still think he's emerged from that whole experience
bigger as a name than he was before.
So, anyway.
Let's see.
Other comments in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Oh, well, this is depressing.
I hate to interrupt.
There's horrible dead celebrity news.
Are you ready for this, DarkSakura?
I dropped my phone.
The guy that played Cornelius Fudge died?
No, this is worse.
That he did, though.
This is worse.
Charlotte Rae, also Mrs. Garrett on The Facts of Life and Different Strokes,
passed away, but 92.
Well, he was also 92.
Yeah.
So, I mean, bless her heart.
So that's unfortunate.
And y'all know I grew up on The Facts of Life.
Well...
I saw a lot of myself in Joe.
I don't know what it was, but...
Betty White sacrifices yet another to take her place.
So...
Alright, anyhow.
Well, rest in peace, Charlotte Rae, who, of course, I loved,
loved The Facts of Life growing up, so that's depressing.
Anyway, let's move on.
We do have some more video game news.
More Fortnite stuff, right, Logie?
Ah, yes.
So, Fortnite will not be coming to your neighborly Google Play Store
because they take 30% of the in-app purchases for games sold through their storefront.
And, as Epic would put it,
the 30% tax is a high cost in a world where game developers,
70% must cover all of the costs of game developing, operating, and supporting their games.
And this is from Tim Sweeney.
And basically saying that what they're going to do instead is
they're going to maintain a direct relationship with their consumers.
They're going to have a stand-alone installer for the Android version of the game.
Which, you know, being that they are on that platform,
and, you know, to the benefit, I guess, of Android users,
that it's an open marketplace, so you don't have to use the Google Play Store if you don't want to,
unlike Apple and their closed marketplace where they have to go through that.
They can, I guess, do that.
So...
Well, I guess it's a good way to get around the 30%.
Yeah, right.
I mean, it's kind of diabolical in some ways.
It's not like, you know, yeah, I mean, because they're a big enough game where it's like,
we can do whatever the fuck we want. We don't need your fucking advertising.
We're Fortnite, bitch.
We're Fortnite, bitch, yeah. Exactly.
All right.
Going to chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby Blackwell says,
The worry here is that everyone has to turn on developer tools to sideload the app,
and that leaves a lot of unprotected phones for malware.
People like Loki and I already have that turned on,
but you are potentially exposing your phone to other threats by doing that,
especially when we're talking about that there are kids that play Fortnite,
as we just heard in the last story.
Yeah.
So, that is an unfortunate side effect to all that,
so hopefully Epic will kind of have some responsibility in kind of educating people,
since they are going around the store and they are such a big game,
on how to prevent from getting malware and that stuff on your phone.
Or maybe, can you open it and then close it?
Can you open it, grab the game, then close it?
Does that work?
Right, but then anytime you push something to it though,
like updates and stuff, they may need to do it again.
I don't know.
It's hard to say how they're going to have it set up.
They could have it where they just install it
and it installs other supplemental files without permissions.
I don't know.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, let's shift gears here a little bit and talk about some Bioware news.
And you all know that I've been a little salty when it comes to things Bioware,
because of what happened with Mass Effect.
You have me both.
Yeah, I know Jamie's right there with me.
But some interesting comments in a new blog from Casey Hudson,
who's the boss of Bioware now,
who of course was the big name behind the Mass Effect trilogy.
Interesting in the Midsummer update, he went on to say,
We hear loud and clear the interest in Bioware doing more Dragon Age and Mass Effect.
So rest assured that we have some teams hidden away
working on some secret stuff that I think you'll really like.
We're just not ready to talk about it for a little while.
Will we get our Quarian DLC for Andromeda, please?
Sadly, I don't think that's going to happen.
What about the remaster?
Do you think that might come?
The other thing I was thinking of is that, you know,
that thing that I thought would have happened between Mass Effect 3 and Andromeda,
a multiplayer mode spin-off, basically,
because the multiplayer mode in Mass Effect is pretty darn good.
I think 3 was a little better than Andromeda's,
but Andromeda's wasn't bad by any means.
So it would be interesting if maybe they expanded on that with another multiplayer game,
which would certainly meet all of the soul-sucking EA needs
of microtransactions and loot boxes and all that shit.
Whatever. You could do enough in those games without ever buying a single treasure box.
You could if you wanted to.
I know sometimes we did with leftover currency and what have you from Origin,
but, I mean, at the end of the day, you could do a lot in those games without buying the dumb boxes.
So, I don't know. What do you think, Jamie?
Do you think they're maybe working on a full new Mass Effect game,
or do you think maybe it's some silly side story or what?
I have no idea as long as it's just not fucking Anthem.
And not a mobile phone game.
If it's a mobile phone game, fuck right off.
Now, Mass Effect Mobile was very good
when it was like the galaxy map thing that interacted with the game.
That was cool.
But if it's like, oh, we've got this brand new Mass Effect game,
but it's a mobile phone, fuck off.
Please don't let me near that announcement.
I don't know if we'll see microtransactions in a new Mass Effect game
just because they're making so much off of their sports game titles.
I don't know if you read this week, there was some guy that was in Europe
that part of their new law or whatever, the privacy laws,
they can request information from any company that's collecting data on them
to see what kind of data they have.
And he looked at his purchases for FIFA, the boxes and stuff.
He spent over 16,000 euro in the last two years on that stuff
because he has that kind of expendable income.
I never want to see my receipts from Pokmon GO.
I never want to see how much I've spent on Pokmon GO
because I will be so upset and mad.
But that's, you know, they're making 16,000 off of one person.
I mean, granted, that is an outlier.
They're making bank.
And so they don't need to put the same face in some of the other games,
but I don't know. It's still sickening.
All right. Well, let's move on with some more news
about some things we know are happening based on footage, right, Jamie?
Yes. I'm sure our Persona fans will be super thrilled with this.
The next RPG that's coming out is Persona Q2 New Cinema Labyrinth.
They just had a new trailer come out that released some details.
So cast from past three of the mainline games are going to be coming in.
It actually has a little chibi version of the Persona 5 Phantom Thieves.
So it fits the whole style.
And then there are going to be new characters thrown into it as well.
They also showed that you can have the party made up of three main protagonists.
And that you can also see the Persona 3 protagonist casting a spell
with Persona 5-style graphics.
And so it's just interesting stuff.
But I'm sure all of our Persona fans are going to be completely thrilled about this.
Of course, as we know, Persona is a spinoff of the Shin Megami Tensei games.
So enjoy.
I wish I got more into the Persona games.
Like, they have their fans and they love them.
But I'm just, oh my god, it's so many hours of game. You know what I mean?
I have some of the Saturn ones that I got off Etsy not too long ago.
Haven't played any of them.
Speaking of Shin Megami Tensei, I was told that there is a new mobile phone game,
Shin Megami Tensei Liberation DX2, that's now available.
And that we should check that out.
Make it so.
Make it so. Maybe I will. I will do that.
Alright. Let's move on.
Talk about a few more stories before we get to the classic peripheral of the month.
Loki.
Hey, there's a new console coming. I bet you didn't expect that.
This is a console that's not from one of your normal console makers.
This is actually a collaboration between AMD and a Chinese company called Zhongshan's Sabur.
And they're creating a custom console hardware for the Chinese market.
Now, spec-wise, it's kind of similar to a Playstation 4 Pro.
It's going to be using Ryzen as well.
It's basically a system on a chip that's Ryzen and the RX Vega.
And it's going to, like I said, spec-wise, it's pretty similar to the Playstation Pro.
They've got 8 gigs of GDDR5.
They're saying that they're not using DDR4 RAM.
But it's basically going to be similar to the setup of the Playstation 4.
The system on the chip, they've got 24 compute units, 1.3 gigahertz for 3.99 teraflops of GPU power.
And I've got to say, though, they do have a picture of what the console looks like.
It's sexy-looking.
But I'm kind of curious to see, though, what the hell this is going to be used for.
Because such a powerful console, what's going to be on it?
Well, unfortunately, it's not a Playstation 4.
But the good news is, it's just going to be copies of PS4 games.
I'm kidding.
They did say, though, they're also going to release the console.
There's going to be a version of the console that's just a computer, like a PC.
But they're going to have actual games for it, though.
But I'm kind of curious to see what this is.
I'd be kind of curious to find out what's going to be running on this thing.
Yeah, you always wonder, is there going to be a big game that's on one of these consoles?
Man, I want to play that. Bring that out over here.
Yeah, so check it out and see what the pricing is and go from there, I guess.
Well, the wait.
In chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Rama says,
Hold up, Ryzen? Bro, that's leaps and bounds over Playstation 4 Pro.
Tigerglass says, I've been hearing a lot about those Ryzen CPUs.
They are powerful, but not as powerful as Intel, though.
And here's the thing.
Again, though, the whole golden rule of gaming, though,
is the system is only as good as the games that are on it.
But you did open the door there with the hole, but they have this PC type of build.
That makes it a little bit different, I suppose.
But otherwise, it could have all the teraflops at once.
If the games are shitty, it's not going to matter.
You know what I mean?
Right, I have no idea.
Because, I mean, China is just getting into the console market.
Because up until quite recently, they were banned from being over there.
So it is kind of curious to see that we may have another contender.
And that's kind of funny, because even in the mobile space now,
we've got contenders for mobile phones that are these Chinese companies
that no one's ever heard of.
And all of a sudden, they're like, oh, hey, these phones fucking kick ass.
So it's interesting to see what happens out of this.
All right, well, we'll see when maybe some games get announced for this.
Who knows?
A game that has been announced that I know a lot of us are excited to play
is Pokemon Let's Go, the upcoming Switch spinoff game
that kind of combines the traditional Pokemon RPG
with some of the features from the Pokemon Go mobile game.
Apparently, there's going to be a big change when it comes to shinies,
because you will be able to see shinies on the map.
But it's not quite as easy as necessarily like, oh, there is a Pikachu
that is a slightly darker brownish type of color.
That's not quite how it works.
What it is is basically a shiny Pokemon doesn't look different
than other Pokemon in the overworld when it appears,
but a small glimmer, an aura, gives a player a chance to know
that the Pokemon they're looking at is shiny.
That is kind of a little hint maybe that this Pidgey is a little bit special.
It's got something that might be a little different.
Which, again, when it comes to shiny Pokemon, at least in most of the games,
especially in Go, it means literally nothing.
It's a different color. That's it.
It's a different color that's much more rare than the standard one.
So does it mean anything in the other games too?
Well, we don't know about Pokemon Let's Go.
Well, like in the other games.
No, not the new ones.
I think in the old Gen 2 or Gen 3, and chat, correct me if I'm wrong,
but I want to say there was something about the stats with shinies
would be a little bumped, but I don't think they continued that
in the more recent games.
That kind of went away.
So now it's just, oh, they're just a slightly different color,
and they're really rare, but that doesn't mean people don't obsess
about collecting them.
Obviously, we've all joked about our friend Shane,
who used to do the Pokestop podcast here at VOG Network.
He loves to collect shinies.
By the way, he does this in Go.
He collects shinies in Go. Why?
Because they're shiny.
When you trade people's shinies, do they stay shiny?
They stay shiny, but they won't keep the stats.
Just like any other Pokemon when you trade them.
And it can be very expensive to trade a shiny that you don't have
if you're not at least three-star friends with the other person.
If you're only at one star, it's a million stardust
to get a new shiny in your decks.
So, anyway.
Looking in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
Oh, I guess there's still comments on the system.
They're having arguments about who makes the better chipsets in there.
So, Fifth Dream says,
it just tells what stats they have, but they're not even great stats.
So, SG100Matt says,
yep, gen one through three stats were better in the early games.
Now they're just color variants.
Yeah, that's what I kind of thought was the case there.
Anyway, November 16th, you can start to collect shinies and more
in Pokemon Let's Go.
I know I'm very much looking forward to that game.
Yeah, the game does look awesome.
I'm actually looking, I'm very excited for it.
I haven't really played any actual mainline Pokemon games,
so it'd be very interesting to check it out.
Yeah.
And what was it, we have like, I think,
I don't think we're talking about, but in a couple weeks,
I want to say that the rumor is
that there's going to be some sort of evolution fest in gen four in Pokemon Go.
Yeah, that rumor's been circulating for a bit.
I've been sock piling candy,
just because I don't want to
evolve this crap that I have.
Yeah, like an evolution event that would introduce some of the gen four Pokemon.
I know that's something, I know there's a lot of rumors about PvP,
because I guess something came out of one of the Ingress events
that happened last weekend.
There was an interview with a Niantic representative at the Poland event.
Warsaw was one of the sites for an anomaly.
And there was an interview with a Niantic rep there who said,
basically flat out, that they're trying to get PvP done this year.
So that's something, that's like the next big thing for Pokemon Go.
But it's with every gen that's hit the game,
something huge hit with it.
Like gen three gave us the weather boosting.
Gen two was, was that the gym redesign?
Would gen two hit?
I think so. So maybe gen four is going to be PvP.
I don't know. So we'll see.
I mean, the friends list was already kind of a big
frickin' change to the game.
And the gifting and all that stuff.
So I don't know. Alright.
Anyhow, let's go to a more classic time in gaming.
When you couldn't collect any shinies, they didn't exist.
It's the classic peripheral of the month, because once a month,
Dark Sakura mixes it up a bit and not only says,
here's a game that you should be checking out,
but hey, here's a little peripheral, something that helps you play games,
that you may have never heard of.
And this one is, yeah, very much...
It's not even playing a game, really.
Yeah, this is an interesting one you picked this month,
but I like it. What is the classic peripheral of the month?
I picked, as it was known in the US,
the Singer Isaac sewing machine.
For Game Boy.
Yes. For Game Boy.
In Japan, it was released as the Jaguar JN 100,
which was about $600 when it was released.
Um...
It, um, I just picked general Game Boy games.
Game Boy music? That's fine.
So anyway, it was a sewing machine
that would hook up to a Game Boy cartridge
that was called Rakuraku machine,
which is sewing machine, is what it was called.
We actually got this in the US,
because they marketed this in the US
as the Singer Isaac for Game Boy.
There's sites that are selling them for about $400.
You can get a full Jaguar Nintendo sewing machine
for $1400 on eBay, by the way.
I just happened to double check a finished auction on it.
But anyway, with the Game Rakuraku machine,
it had different embroidery patterns
that you could create on there,
and then you would save them,
plug the cartridge in on the sewing machine,
and it would do the embroidery for you.
And as this, you know, kept going,
they actually did other versions of this machine in Japan.
Now, of course, we got the one, the Isaac,
but the other ones that came out overseas
were different models.
There was the JN-2000.
It had an improved model that used
a different external embroidery attachment,
and it was very quick.
There were other games that came out
that would use this embroidery attachment,
including one called Mario Family,
which was a game where it had just different Mario...
I would probably say Mario World era,
because it was Game Boy Color stuff,
that would let you do different kinds of embroidery patterns.
They tested a Kirby one.
There is video of it in use on the Kirby one.
They only showed it at one of the consumer electronic shows in Japan.
The other thing, too, is that this machine would also do text.
It would do kanji, I think, up to 500 characters.
Hiragana, katakana, and romaji, which is English letters.
And then, of course, there were no follow-ups past that.
It was pretty popular with some of the niche market.
In the US, people were like,
oh, this is cool, this is cool,
but there wasn't just enough interest in it.
Which, by the way, that was also, I think,
the same year that at one of the US electronic shows,
they did the knitting machine that Howard Phillips actually showed being used.
That was only just that prototype.
But yeah, it was, it's an interesting idea.
It's really neat.
I mean, the Singer Isaac machines,
the thing about it is that,
keep in mind that this release came out around the time that like,
all those colorful IMAX were out, right?
With all the various colors.
These Isaac machines were no different.
It had that same kind of aqua blue color.
And, you know, that matched one of the Game Boy colors.
But there were other rakaraku sewing machines.
One of them, not sewing machines, the machine, but the game.
There was an embroidery one,
and then there was another one that was sort of like a stitch embellishment one.
So yeah, there were a total of four, quote,
game cartridges that were released to be used with the sewing machine.
And I know it's not technically a peripheral,
but it is a piece of gaming history and something that's meant to work with it.
For example, the Jaguar release that came out in Japan
actually had a little docking station for a Game Boy
that you would plug it directly into the Game Boy while it had the game running on it.
And then with the embroidery attachment.
So, it's pretty neat.
I wouldn't, you know, I'd be lying if I said I didn't want one.
I would like one.
But, again, I don't have 1,400 bucks for it.
So, there you go. That's your peripheral of the month.
And, of course, you can imagine not a lot of people really know about this,
or they're hearing about this for the first time.
So, some comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
I'll find a picture of it for everyone.
SJ100Matt says, I did not know this existed.
Looking at it now, it's pretty impressive that the Game Boy Color could handle this.
Yeah, so that's kind of neat.
I put a link to one of the articles I got my information from,
so you can see the US one.
Yeah.
It's pretty neat. The Jaguar one is all red.
And then I actually found a place that's selling them.
So, if anyone wants one that has 400 bucks for it,
and is going to be selfish to not buy me one, I'll link it for you.
All right. Well, there it is, your classic peripheral of the month.
We are going to take a break, but when we come back,
there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come,
including some more rapid-fire news.
We're going to get into release dates as well,
and your calls at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype,
when we come back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio,
live with our 740th episode already in progress for tonight, August 5th, 2018,
taping live as we always do at the Voice of Geeks Network,
where we just got back from a little music break.
And I can't help but read some of the chat happening during the music break.
So, Bobby shared a link with you about Animal Crossing.
I am putting this actually on my fan page.
Yeah? What is this?
How grammar works in Animal Crossing, apparently.
So, it does grade you on grammar?
Yeah, it has, like, certain  they're very simple rules,
but, like, you have to, like, whenever you put in a punctuation mark,
like a period or exclamation or, you know,
you have to use a capital letter within three characters after.
So, it counts for doing the double space after a period.
Oh, so it lets you do either way.
Yeah.
Why would it let you do the wrong way? I'm just kidding.
So, I can write, you know, Bob  Bobra and say, like,
you are the most smartest person in the village.
The person did a period space, a period space,
just nothing but a letter full of it.
But if you do, like, I think more than 75 characters
without any capital letters or punctuation,
you get scored down 150 points.
Wow.
Yeah, so 
Interesting.
It's really cool. I'm going to post it up on my fan page.
Okay. That's  who knew?
Still wish Nintendo would announce a new Animal Crossing game already,
but I suppose nothing else yet.
We'll see what they are announcing around the gaming world
as we quickly look at some rapid fire news.
Loki.
All right.
So, we talked about last week what the Xbox Games with Gold lineup is,
and now it's time for the PlayStation Plus free games for August.
So, starting off from PlayStation 4,
we have Mafia III and Dead by Daylight.
On PlayStation 3, Bound by Flame and Serious Sam III BFE.
And finally, on PlayStation Vita, Draw Slasher and Space Hulk.
So, those are your free games.
Mafia III looks pretty cool. I'll have to check that out.
But neat.
And then a game I've been looking forward to
and finally is going to be coming out.
Unfortunately, someone 
I know that we had a story a few weeks ago
about how an iOS publisher had ripped it off
and made a clone game out of it,
but Donut Country is a game that's going to be coming out to PlayStation 4
and PC and iOS on August 28th.
For those not familiar with it,
it is kind of like a katamari game.
It's a little bit of a reverse katamari.
Basically, you control a hole that gets bigger as you drop things into it.
And so, as you drop, you start with smaller things and then larger things,
and you solve puzzles doing that and stuff.
And it's got a funny little raccoon that's like the main character in the game.
Trash panda.
Definitely worth checking out.
I'm very excited to play this.
I've been looking forward to it ever since I saw the first trailer for it.
I'll play Trash Panda the game.
I do wish Namco would make a new katamari damashi game already.
This is not mobile.
Not the katamari tapping game and that crap.
I want a legit new game.
But one thing that Namco is doing
is that they're putting out Donkey  excuse me,
they're not putting that out, but they're putting out Taiku no Tatsujin
out here in the west as well as Europe.
But apparently it's going to be digital only,
both places, even though there was box art floating around out there.
It's going to be digital only, both places after all.
They're not releasing the actual taiko drum,
which, in my opinion,
completely fucking defeats the purpose of Taiku no Tatsujin.
But all right, I suppose there's some people that will play button button mode.
But you can, on the Nintendo Switch, use Donkey Konga bongos.
That's why I started to say donkey, because the story is about that.
If you actually use the GameCube adapter with your Switch,
you can plug in Donkey Konga bongos,
and you can play Taiku no Tatsujin with that,
if, you know, you have Donkey Konga bongos still sitting around somewhere.
Good luck with that.
I mean, I guess maybe you could still find them at a thrift store.
Yeah, eBay or a thrift store or something.
Locally, you know, was it like Dimple?
Man, if you want anything retro game, everything.
But I do think it's a bonehead move to at least let a special order or something.
At least do, like, an Amazon or, you know, a store.
Play Asia.
Well, not even, like, just like some type of, like, US release or something.
Like, it would be really nice if Namco would support that,
because I kind of think they're just setting this game up to fail otherwise.
So, which is a bummer for all the Taiku no Tatsujin fans out there.
But I guess there's some people that'll tap the screen or use their buttons,
but it's just, it's not the same thing.
Anyway, Beatmania 2DX still trucking along after all these years with the location test of 26th style,
although they stopped calling them my numbers a long time ago.
This particular version is called Beatmania 2DX Rootage is the name of it.
Rootage, if you want to be fancy. R-O-O-T-A-G-E, Rootage.
Well, Rootage, that just makes me think of watching all those Guy Tang videos.
Yeah.
With him talking about, we're going to do a Chateau Root on her Rootage.
So, the location test happened this past weekend.
Our pals at Bimani Style have a nice little write-up on it if you want to see some of the artwork from the game and so forth.
It looks like they might be, like, making the How to Play stickers general,
so they don't have to keep updating it with every release and stuff.
They might be making some changes to how high speed works.
There's apparently 10 different high speed settings now,
and it all scrolls the same regardless of the song's BPM.
So, that's kind of neat, although it does point out the BPM changes will still happen within a song.
You can also do playlists through QR codes, kind of interesting.
But, other things that I thought was very interesting is that I was looking at the song list,
and, you know, it's a lot of stuff I don't follow as much as I used to,
although some of the artists are still there after all these years.
Kors K, still there. A new song called Wonderland, and so forth.
But I thought this was interesting is that Porter Robinson has a song in Beat Media 2DX Rootage, or 26.
It's under his alias that he puts music out under now called Virtual Self,
and the song is called Particle Arts.
So, if you've listened to that EP on Spotify or what have you,
that song is actually going to be in Beat Media 2DX,
and he actually tweeted about that on his account, Virtual Self, the song in the game, so that's there.
I think that's kind of notable because Porter Robinson was kind of known for, or is kind of known for,
he has directly cited Bamani music as some of his influence as being a DJ.
He's the one that will drop Look to the Sky and shit in the middle of his DJing and stuff when he does those things.
I think he just did a big gig at Vegas, I think it was a big electronic festival in Vegas a couple weeks ago,
because I think our pal DNL was there, so I think she was posting stuff from his set and stuff.
So anyway, it's kind of interesting how that's come full circle,
is that stuff like Beat Media and Bamani influenced this guy, he's a young guy, he's only in his early 20s,
influenced him and now he is influencing future Beat Media games by having one of his songs in it.
So, if you want to hear the song, it's on Spotify, Apple Music, all those places.
Again, Porter Robinson now kind of goes by Virtual Self, he's one of those musical artists that changes his name,
and the song is called Particle Arts, if you want a little preview of what that will sound like on the soundtrack.
So, that's it for me, DarkSakura, what do you have for Rapid Fire News?
Some stuff. Basically, the Nintendo Switch for the June 2018 report,
actually is the only system that had software sales that increased over that particular quarter,
but that's not all, the NES Classic was the number one best-selling hardware.
So, they beat out the PS4. Suck it, Sony!
So, the NES Classic sold more than the PS4. Funny how those things can sell when you actually put them on shelves.
Funny how that works, right, Logie?
Yeah, it is funny how that works. It makes sense, though, because it was unavailable for the longest time,
and then now, I don't think there was any really big games coming out in June.
No, it's been a slow month for console, but still, you have to appreciate the novelty of,
here we are in the year 2018, and the best-selling gaming system of last month was the Nintendo Entertainment System.
People were worried they weren't going to be able to get it. They thought it was going to be limited.
Guilty!
Anyway, in other news, Mario Kart 4 Wii is showing up on Nvidia Shield in China,
which is basically how they get pretty much any Nintendo game, is it has to show up on Nvidia Shield.
That's how they got all the N64 titles that came out of there.
Yeah, Nvidia has some agreement with Nintendo, but it's like for China.
Yeah, because I saw someone, maybe a Eurogamer, looking at the emulator with it and stuff,
and saying that it's upresing some of the textures, or upresing the geometry, but not the texture.
I don't know, something like that. But it's like its own unique emulator that's running the stuff,
because they have, Mario Galaxy was one of the games that was on there.
Yeah, that's it.
I think they might be editing some of the games, too, because I thought I heard that...
Well, they have to.
Well, not like... Well, yeah. Is China the country where you can't show skeletons,
where they had to change the undead in World of Warcraft because you can't show skeletons?
I don't know.
Was it zombies?
Well, because I'm thinking of Dry Bones, the turtle. Wasn't he a playable...
But there's other things that they have to edit out, too.
Well, and not just that, but I was thinking more like the multiplayer, I believe they had called out,
which is not going to be in the Mario Kart Wii. They removed it, basically.
Sorry, online multiplayer specifically. Obviously, in the same room is what Mario Kart's known for.
That's still there. But the online multiplayer has been removed.
So, interesting.
I mean, it makes sense, but...
I think the thought that it's running on a Tegra-based console is that,
Hey, Nintendo has a Tegra-based console. Could we possibly get some of this shit on the Switch, please?
Hmm. Hey.
The plot thickens.
But, no. Probably not.
All right. Well, let's talk about some things that are coming out a little sooner than Virtual Console,
or whatever Nintendo's doing next. It's release dates. What's coming out this week?
Yeah, I was going to talk about releasing the game that I was working on,
and talk about lowering the bars for expectations and stuff.
Even lower than what we would expect for the Virtual Console stuff.
But anyways, this week we've got a few things.
So, starting off on PC, Mac and Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
We have Dead Cells, which is a roguelike Metroidvania game.
Flipping Death on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Overcooked 2 on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Layton's Mystery Journey DX on a Nintendo Switch.
I didn't even realize there was a Professor Layton game coming to the Switch.
Minute, which is pretty awesome looking, and that's also coming to the Switch.
Monster Hunter World on PC, Okami HD on the Nintendo Switch, Yakuza 3,
I'm assuming the remaster on PlayStation 4.
And then we've got Football, Madden NFL 19 on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
No one buys that stuff.
And finally, I guess coming out of Early Access, We Happy Few on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
It feels early for Madden to be released, but I guess August is the month.
It is August. I guess so.
They used to tend towards the end of the month, but...
Maybe they want to get the kids before they're back in school.
Or, well, shit, kids are going back to school next week.
It feels like they go back earlier and earlier.
So, wow.
Well, anyhow, let's go to Japan and talk about what's coming out there.
On the PlayStation 4 in Japan this week, Bullet Girls Fantasia.
If you want to check that out from D3, that's out this week on PS4.
Darkest Dungeon, as well as Fire Pro Wrestling World.
Jake Hunter Detective Story, Prism of Eyes.
That Bullet Girls Fantasia also has a limited edition version.
There's a remaster of Ryu Ga Gotoku 3.
And there is...
Oh, that's it.
Because the rest I'm looking at is for the next week after that.
So that's what you have on the Vita this week.
Looking at the Nintendo Switch, some of those same games are also out on the Switch, including Darkest Dungeon.
Jake Hunter Detective Story, Prism of Eyes.
The Layton's Mysterious Journey, that is also out in Japan this week.
That same one that Loki referenced.
Also out in Japan this week on the Switch.
Okami.
So the Switch port of Okami is out this week, so that's pretty cool.
And then Waku Waku Sweets.
My Okashi Ga Dekiru Kana comes out this week on the Switch.
And I'm trying to see if this is something I would recognize.
Because it's from a company called Sonic Power.
But no, sadly it has something to do with Sonic the Hedgehog.
It's happy sweets making.
It's basically, let's learn how to make a cake.
Is basically what it is.
Go bake me a cake.
Yeah, go bake me a cake.
But it has this cute, look at this cute little doggy that wears a necklace made out of strawberries with this big pink bow.
And I just want to take that cute little puppy and say, go make me a cake, bitch.
I can say that because it's a dog.
Only because it's a female dog.
This reminds me of Cooking Mama.
And Cooking Mama, let's be fair, I know Waluigi is really a big contender for Smash.
But Cooking Mama should really be a character in Smash.
Loki, you still don't want to hear about this, but I saw the most amazing tweet this week.
It was a guy dressed up as Waluigi, but it was completely in leather gear.
So he was wearing a Waluigi leather hat and little leather and showing off the chest and all that stuff.
Guys that are in the leather do.
And I was just like, that's art.
Alternative costume.
I think it was actually a bearded drag performer who did it.
I think it was, I'll find it in our soccer so you can see it.
This is something I can see one of your buddies here locally doing.
So anyway, but first UK releases while I try to find that.
Overcooked 2 comes out on August 7th for PlayStation 4, Xbone, and Switch.
On the PC we have Quake Champion Scale Bearer Edition on August 9th.
And then on the 10th we have Madden 19, who gives a shit.
And We Happy Few for several different systems.
And that is it.
I have to see the leather daddy.
Helvetica is the name of the queen that did that.
Girl.
But a bearded drag performer, so.
Some of that's photoshopped.
You think?
I think it is.
I don't know.
The eyeshadow looks legit.
The nose.
I think the nose is legit.
I think that's photoshopped.
It is?
Alright, maybe.
Unless he's got some really good pigment.
I still laughed.
That cracked me up.
Alright.
Anyway.
Honestly it's the little mustache coming right out of his nostril that looks like it's painted
on in Photoshop.
Akuma Wants A Link.
I figured some of you would want this.
It's Helvetica Queen.
But it's not spelled the way you would think.
It's not spelled like the font.
H-E-L-L-V-E-T-I-K-A.
Queen.
And then it would be on their Twitter feed if you want to see that.
Alright.
Anyhow, I can't believe I just gave out that tweet on there.
Alright.
I thought it was.
I was like, that's a good idea.
That was well done.
Alright, anyway.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Although I don't remember if we got any this week.
But I suppose our soccer's gonna tell me in a minute here.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is where you send emails and we read them here on error,
which we're gonna do right now.
One.
Uno.
Rob, I was watching your stream this week of No Man's Sky.
I know you'll probably mention it in your gaming week.
I was curious to know what you think of the update.
Is it something you will continue to play?
Also, I was wondering about the multiplayer.
I know you can have up to four people in your game,
but I can't understand what the point is in naming a creature that you discover
or making your base discoverable for other players when it seems to be invite only.
I'm gonna jump in.
Awkward, but I think we actually did do this one last week.
Oh, okay.
I seem to remember responding to it, but it was after you.
Then delete the mail.
I checked the date.
He's getting rusty in his old age.
I do.
Here's the thing.
I'm spoiled.
Cursing on Bobby's show.
Remember when we had major problems with the emails
and we weren't able to log into the mailbag?
I had them all forwarded to my personal account,
and I just never turned that off,
so I just read them from my personal account.
Sorry, Jamie.
Well, now the box is empty.
I've even moved that Street Fighter IV code into another folder.
Fair enough.
DarkSakura's cleaning up the mess in the inbox.
I'm always cleaning up after.
What is it that we threaten to do if the box is empty?
I forget what we were gonna be talking about.
Something that was really...
We were gonna email each other?
Oh, yeah, there was something we were gonna talk about
that was gonna be really offensive.
I don't remember what it was.
It wasn't offensive to your senses, basically.
What is the most offensive thing?
I'll just let DarkSakura talk about it.
You know what?
Dick cheese.
Okay, no, no, no, no.
Here it is.
Dick cheese is pretty offensive, though.
Official punishment to the listeners.
As punishment for not emailing us in the past week,
I am going to ask DarkSakura more information
about her trip to the Bolt.
So tell me more about your trip to the Leather Daddy Bar.
Actually, my trip to the Bolt was really otherwise uneventful.
No, but I ordered a Lynchburg lemonade.
Okay.
And they didn't have lemonade,
so they made it out of sour mix and triple sec.
So I was toasty by that point,
so I decided to get in the leather harness swing
and sit in it like it was a toddler swing
and swing back and forth on stage at the Bolt.
And then I got a picture of one of the other sisters
with her legs spread way out up on the chain,
because you know what the harness looks like.
Have you been to the Bolt?
Yeah, I've seen it.
I haven't been in it, but I've seen it.
It's a four-chain leather harness
that's got a big leather seat in the middle.
And so I was sitting on there swinging
like I was in grade school,
and then I got down and then we went in the back seat
and I saw chickens fucking.
At least it looked like it.
The chickens, okay, I think they were all,
there were chickens in the backyard.
It's been a while since I've been in the bars,
but I don't remember any of this stuff.
This is the Bolt.
This is the CE bar close to the suburbs.
It's the leather bar, but it has a backyard.
And I don't think chickens actually-
It's actually fine.
It's not as scandalous as she makes it sound.
But they were these different hens
that seemed like they were all just humping each other
for some reason.
And I'm like, what the fuck are you chickens doing?
And then apparently there's rabbits back there too,
but I know about that.
And then I went back in and watched more gay porn.
All right, there you go, listeners.
Your punishment for not sending us any emails this week.
For the record.
And if you continue to not email us,
we will have more stories from Dark Soccer's weekends.
For the record, bottoms Y.
Now I know why-
Enough, enough punishment, enough.
Save it for next week, just in case.
All right, let's get to some more video.
If you haven't already turned off the show,
let's get to some more video game news, Loki.
My freaking ears!
Uh, so let's talk a little.
This is almost as offensive as what we were just listening to.
Um, microtransactions in Gran Turismo Sport.
They promised.
They said, hey, we're not gonna put microtransactions in this game.
And then sure enough, with the July update for Gran Turismo Sport,
it added new tracks, more cars, oh, and microtransactions.
They said that they weren't gonna do it.
Um, so basically,
um, you can purchase cars outright,
as long as, I guess,
they're less than two million in in-game currency.
Um, apparently,
what's gonna change is that,
um, for now, I guess you're gonna be able to buy cars,
I guess, for real money, too.
So they're listing them for, like, three bucks
in, uh, the PlayStation Store.
If you don't wanna grind for,
you know, I guess the Alpine Vision.
Gran Turismo 2017.
Um...
I don't know.
I'm not surprised anymore, you know what?
It's just the way this stuff is going.
Gotta make all of the money.
If you're willing to pay it,
they're willing to sell it.
But it's kinda lame, like,
maybe even a little bit disingenuous that they
promise that they're not gonna do it.
They sell you the copy of the game,
patch it in later, and it's like...
Welp.
Yeah, that's a little...
Too fucking bad for you. You already paid it.
You know, paid the money.
It's like, you know...
But there's excuses gonna be,
oh, we're giving player choice,
or something like this.
You don't have to grind in-game.
You can...
Our game isn't worth grinding in.
Spend the money to not play the game.
That never made any sense to me.
Especially way after the fact.
It makes you, like, not even wanna connect your game online
to get these types of patches, you know what I mean?
It's just like, you know, the other games, too.
Shadow of War, where they, like, had the microtransactions in there,
and the room, the balancing of the game.
And then, like, months later, after nobody's using that shit anymore,
then they're like,
oh, we're doing the good thing and taking it out.
Look how awesome we are.
See, we listen.
We listen to you, consumer.
Alright, real quick, before we move on,
Bobby's being that guy in chat,
saying, Devil's Advocate, the price of the cars doesn't change.
So, I guess you can still get them the old way, if you want.
Right, but it's the fact that they're offering that in the first place,
as an incentive.
They're making the grind.
I'm assuming the grind is diff-
It is a grind.
If it was easy, then it wouldn't be an incentive.
It's basically an unlock code.
DJ Max did the same thing not that long ago.
They put out a thing that you can download to, like,
just basically unlock all of the songs.
Anyway.
Just wanna say, um, it was announced in chat.
Thank you, SSJ100Matt.
SonicFox just won the Dragon Ball FighterZ championship.
First suit and all.
We have a victor who is a furry.
Okay, fun. Work.
I watched him play.
I think he was the Ten Shinhan player.
I saw an interview with him somewhere, so.
Pretty, pretty crazy.
Props to them, but my god, that's gotta be fucking hot.
That's gotta be so hot.
I know, that's the only thing.
Like, I don't even think about the things that people say about, like,
furries and that and all this.
Like, I don't even care.
Like, I'm just like, that guy's gotta be fucking sweating in there.
Maybe he's got fans and all that stuff. I don't know.
No, not this. This first suit doesn't.
I mean, it looks like his first suit is really just, like,
the arm pieces and the thing.
But he was, when I watched him play last night, he was, um,
just wearing a furry hat.
Not the full suit.
Okay, I mean, that's just.
I can imagine, like, if they have some sort of stage lighting,
so that shit's gotta be fucking cooking.
SSJ100Matt says he only wore the head after the match has ended.
Okay, that's a little better.
Okay, we'll do that.
But still.
Yeah.
Still, I'm like, oh my god, I'd pass out.
Alright, anyway.
Uh, thank you for the update.
Uh, another update for you guys.
I don't know if anyone's using Gamefly, the streaming.
Weren't they? Didn't they used to be a mail order service?
Yeah.
Well, they switched to streaming some time ago,
so they're, like, a streaming only service, and.
I didn't know they had streaming.
Yeah, they kind of shifted to that, and now they're gonna be gone gone.
Uh, because Gamefly, uh, got acquired by EA, so.
Well, well, throw in the towel.
They're gonna consume yet another country.
Hey, this time they're even going outside of game developers.
Hey, fuck it. We're gonna eat in this company now.
It's, uh, it's, uh.
Gotta feed the devil.
The Grim Reaper's just pointing, just sign here.
Anyway, Bobby says they are still mail order.
They never shifted away, so I guess they, that is still.
I thought they, I thought they, I heard they had closed it down.
Because I, I, maybe I just ended my account at some point.
But I thought I'd heard they closed down. Anyway.
Uh, so Gamefly's gonna shut down the streaming service, uh,
because, uh, EA, uh, got them.
Uh, Gamefly streaming launched in 2015 as part of Amazon Fire TV,
and now it's built into a lot of Samsung TVs and so forth.
You can still get games on the mail discs, so that is still a thing that happens.
Uh, but Gamefly streaming's closure, uh, is happening
when it seems like game streaming is, like, still a thing that's growing out there.
I mean, if you look at PlayStation Now, or you're looking at, uh,
you know, what Microsoft's been doing.
Uh, EA, of course, also has its own thing, the Origin Access Premier.
So I don't know if maybe some of what, of course,
well, maybe some of the things that Gamefly had, they're gonna fold into it
to make that more attractive or whatever. I don't know.
How can we micro, or how can we add microtransactions to game streaming?
Because I'm sure that's what they would want to know.
Fucking hate EA. Seriously.
Alright. Well, anyhow, I learned today that Gamefly is still around.
I seriously thought they had gone under years ago.
Maybe I'm mixing them up with, um, I must be mixing them up with somebody else.
Is there another? Well, I knew about that one.
But, yeah, I used to get dissed from them too, and then it just kind of stopped.
I don't know. Anyway, maybe I did cancel it when I wasn't paying attention.
Uh, Bobby says, uh, I'm mixing them up with OnLive, maybe.
Maybe that's it. Maybe I'm mixing them up with OnLive,
even though I know OnLive was a streaming thing.
But anyway, let's move on. It doesn't matter anymore.
Dark Sakura, you got another story for us.
Yes, I do have another story.
Um, in this story, it has to do with King of Fighters.
And Pokemon Go-ish stuff.
It's basically an augmented reality the King of Fighters Go.
Um, you wander around picking up different fighters and fighting them,
and then they join your repertoire.
Yeah, you just keep building teams to fight other, other players.
So, um, it looks interesting. I guess it should be fun.
I don't see, I don't know if it's going to come out in the US, though.
Maybe it's still in testing?
But yeah, it's supposed to be doing, it was originally titled, um,
King of Fighters the Orochi Saga Go,
which means it was based around the 95, 97 Orochi Saga from the game.
So, the beta was from July 27th through July 31st
for iPhone, uh, using TestFlight.
And the Android beta is unannounced.
But maybe, maybe we'll see it. Who knows?
Now, this is a Go game I would check out.
It can't be worse than Garfield Go.
Like, you want to, and that Jurassic Park game.
My sister is, she plays that game, the Jurassic Park one,
and she's like, you gotta play this game.
I'm like, no.
It's, it's okay. It's better than the Garfield one,
but it's just, it's not Pokemon.
Garfield's just crap.
Yeah, the Garfield one is garbage.
But I play, I check out King of Fighters.
It was Garfield bitch.
Anyway, um, so I, I hate to keep going back to this,
but Evo is going on, I suppose.
And this, this just came across my Twitter feed.
So, uh, SonicFox, who just won, uh, tweeted this, uh, five minutes ago.
I'm gay. Also the best DBFZ player on this fucking planet.
Don't forget it.
Awesome.
To which I respond, work bitch.
So yeah, the, and I looked at the bio for, uh, this individual.
I'm a black queer furry who will mixture shit in fighting games.
Own it, live it, love it, work.
That's all I have to say about that.
I am now a fan.
I need to find that tweet just so I can go, yes, bitch.
Uh, it's, um, his Twitter is SonicFox5000.
Okay.
There you go.
All right.
Let's, uh, let's continue on.
Uh, Loki, just another story for us.
And then, uh, just a couple more.
We're gonna get to the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word on Skype.
So I'm probably gonna have a controversial opinion about this,
but let's just talk about the story first and then we'll get to that.
So there is this little girl by the name of, um, Penny McDonald,
and she has released her debut game, Answer the Question, on Steam.
Um, what's notable is Penny is only seven years old,
and apparently since she was a toddler,
she has been interested in making games.
I guess her dad is a game developer,
and she even started with learning, um, you know,
Windows 98 learning in QBasic and that kind of stuff.
And so now she's released her.
She released her text game, um, onto Steam,
and it's cute that it's on there.
And so it's basically this terminal-looking game
where you answer math questions, and that's it for 99 cents.
So here's where I get controversial about it.
I think it's great that she's releasing a game.
Why is it on Steam?
Yes.
Why the fuck is it on Steam?
Like, I get it.
I'm all for her releasing a game.
That's where itch.io is a great place to do that, okay?
This shit does not need to be on Steam.
I mean, I guess I shouldn't judge
because there's a lot of garbage on Steam,
but if this was anybody else making a game,
it would just be like, why the fuck is this on Steam?
And it's just because she's a little girl, and that's fine.
You know, encourage her to make games,
but it does not belong on Steam.
It doesn't. It just doesn't.
I don't want to, like, crap on a seven-year-old's game.
And I haven't played the game, so I can't speak to the quality.
But, you know, to be fair, it's fine.
It's gonna get buried under the garbage that is Steam anyway.
So whatever. I guess it's not really hurting anything,
but it's not helping anything either.
It's great. Good for her.
I hope she keeps channeling that energy
into continuing to make good games
and so forth, but yeah, it is a little weird that, you know,
you're right, it's gonna get buried under all the other garbage on Steam.
Yeah, it's her first game, and that's fine, but...
I'm not gonna release... Okay.
I showed Rob what my first game is.
It's not even my first game.
He did show me during the break.
It does exist. I've seen it.
But I'm not releasing that shit on Steam.
No. I'm not doing that, because it's garbage.
It's just to learn. I mean...
You should call a seven-year-old's game garbage.
I'm not saying it's garbage. I'm saying, like, it's QBasic.
And QBasic, that's what you expect out of QBasic, is that shit.
It's limited.
It's very limited, and...
I'm...
Great, but polish that up and then release it.
It's like, just because you make your first game,
does that mean it's ready to be published?
Make more games. Make a dozen more games.
And then when you get, like, a really polished game, then release it.
But I don't say, I guess there's no harm that it's on there,
because it's not really taking up marketplace space, but it's...
It's just showing that Steam has no quality control.
Because, not even, at least this is a functional game.
And it works.
We're gonna assume she did not implement a Bitcoin miner in the game.
Right. That'd be the twist.
Why are my resources so high?
There's, like, text on the screen, and that's it.
All you gullible people that fell for the...
No, I shouldn't even say that. I'm sorry. I shouldn't say that.
And then that's cool.
And I used to make games like you and basic as well,
but I'm not gonna go grab that shit and say it's ready for publishing.
I don't know.
I just, that's where I have kind of a little bit of an issue with it,
but, you know, I'm glad that she's trying...
She's trying... You know, it's actually...
Wait, the color is kind of a tangent a little bit.
I don't know if you remember,
there was a Kickstarter campaign
that was this person's first game,
and they were, I think, seven or eight years old as well,
and it was, like, an RPG.
She wanted to make an RPG an RPG maker,
and it was, like, a troll quest thing or something like that.
She was gonna fight against the internet trolls
because people were saying that this Kickstarter campaign was bullshit
because she wanted, like, thousands of dollars to build
what essentially is an RPG maker game.
It's like that only got attention because of the age.
This is only getting attention because it's age as well.
But I think where I agree,
she should make games, she should put them out there, not on Steam.
That's where I'm at.
All right.
So, you know, people want to fight you in chat, so here we go.
Bobby is starting off going,
so where does it belong?
Somebody did respond.
You'd mentioned itch.io.
Bobby said,
I released my first game in middle school,
and four people bought it.
That's four more people than would have never bought it
if I'd not published it.
But you could put it on itch.io,
you can sell it on itch.io,
and I see no problem with that.
The great thing about PC games is you can self-publish all you want.
Yeah, you can do that.
It just doesn't need to be...
Priz, back when Bobby was in middle school,
I'm assuming those were the days of shareware and BBSes and all that stuff,
which is how we kinda sold our games.
You know what? And that's fine.
I guess, you know, at this point in the condition Steam is in,
what's it gonna hurt?
I mean, I just think in the bigger picture,
Steam should have some quality control stuff.
I don't totally disagree with you, Loki.
I get that you're pointing out that this is a Q basic game,
and you don't want to...
It's not even a Q basic game.
I think it's something, but it resembles a basic game.
You don't want to crap on the efforts of a little girl.
You want to see her succeed,
but Steam is maybe not, because this kind of exacerbates
what the issue is with Steam,
is that Steam will let literally anything in its door
when that is not what Steam used to be.
Steam was a heavy, curated place that had these, you know,
indie games and big AAA games alike and so forth,
and then it just is kind of turned into the Google Play App Store at some point,
where it's just everything and anything.
Right, and that's kind of where I'm at with it.
It's just like...
I don't know. I don't know really how to react to this.
I mean, I guess it's cool that she's got a game that she's publishing.
Cool.
I mean...
I don't know.
I went through a C++ course.
The first one I did was...
It was terminal.
It was making terminal games,
and one of those was like a roulette or slot machine game
or something like that.
That would be like if I published that on Steam.
Like, it's shit, okay?
Like, the fact that a seven-year-old made it,
it makes it less shit because it's like,
wow, this is pretty amazing for a seven-year-old.
Like, if my son made that, that's great.
I would be like, wow, that's pretty awesome that you made a game.
I would not go to publish it on Steam, though.
I would say no.
I'm like, hey, if you want to...
We can try to sell a couple copies.
I'll put it up on itch.io and I'll tweet out some stuff to my friends
and we'll see if someone wants to buy it for $0.99,
because that's all it is, is $0.99.
But I'm not going to put it on Steam.
Even if it was my own kid making a game that looked exactly like that,
I would not put that on Steam,
because I know that's not where it belongs.
I don't know.
Like, if somebody bakes a cake in an Easy-Bake oven,
you don't go put it on the fucking grocery store shelf
to sell it next to the cakes that they make.
Actually, you put it on YouTube to make it a specialty channel.
Bobby Blackwolf says, I'm going to go back to this point.
Why is it okay for itch.io to have garbage and not Steam?
Shouldn't we be arguing for quality control for all?
I actually...
No, I think there is a difference between the two.
I think itch.io is, by nature, an experimental playground,
and there is less curation that goes on there,
and that is both part of what makes it great
is because you are going to find things there
that you are not going to find anything else
because of, by nature, what it is,
and it's also going to make it, yeah,
you're going to play a lot of garbage that's on itch.io,
but when you go to itch.io, you know that's what it is.
And they also have kind of like blog stuff too,
like it's a big old like, hey, I'm seven and this is my first game,
and you can talk a little bit about it and stuff.
I mean, I guess you could do that on Steam as well,
but Steam is like a commercial marketplace.
itch.io, I don't really...
I mean, I know they sell games on itch.io,
but I'm not like, I'm getting the new release games on itch.io.
It's the indie record store versus, I guess, Walmart,
because there are no big record stores anymore.
Like, the same could be said with like GOG or something like that.
I wouldn't want it on GOG either. I wouldn't want it on Humble Store.
It's not viable for a commercial marketplace.
It's a neat indie thing.
It's cool that you made your project
and that you want to sell it and see if you can sell something,
but like, I don't understand.
Okay, for me, MXC, and we'll move on here in a minute,
but for me, MXC here makes a really good point in my opinion.
I think it kind of hits what it is for me.
I think people still have memories of when Steam was curated at all.
So Steam, as of today, causes annoyance.
itch.io never attempted to gatekeep,
and that was a huge cause for excitement with indie devs.
With that said, itch.io does very well with highlighting
some of their best recent releases with post and front page widgets,
even with their own massive libraries.
I think you said that very well, MXC.
I do want to read this comment from Sia Tabiri as well.
Loki, I partially agree with you, but I think this might be a case of,
I can't hold others to the same standards I would myself and my family.
You can't fault someone else for putting out what they might believe is their best
or what they believe is worthy of something,
even when it's not something you would personally be willing to release.
I understand that, but it's not her that put it out.
It's her parents that put it out,
because she didn't front the $100 for Steam to do all that.
But that's fine. You know what? At this point, what's it going to hurt?
I mean, honestly, it's not going to hurt anything
because Steam is in the condition that it is.
And to be honest, her game is probably better than a lot of the shovelwork garbage
that people put out there.
And it's not going to be mining for Bitcoin.
And it's not mining for Bitcoin.
So she's already ahead of the pack in that sense whatsoever.
It's 99 cents. I shouldn't really be taking offense to it.
And it's really, I don't take offense to the game itself.
I take offense to Steam.
Steam as a whole is where I have problems.
I'm going to read one more comment and then I'm going to wrap up here
because I know Dark Soccer is going to be heading out in a minute.
AkumaJP in chat says,
If there is a place for a child to place their game, I will say put it there,
but there's none, so I think she can put it there if she wants.
And so I guess defer to the comment about, you know,
you don't have a problem with the game, you have a problem with Steam.
Right.
And it's the same problem you said at the beginning of the show.
I get it.
Maybe they just need a separate place for, not like Greenlight was,
but maybe just like the Steam Playground or something.
Yeah.
Steam IO. No, I'm just kidding. Don't call it that.
At any rate, good for her though.
And I hope that she's encouraged to do more with her success.
Exactly.
Like it's a tricky subject because you don't want to deter her
that the issue is Steam and what it is and isn't allowing.
The issue is not that she made a game.
Good for her.
Like I hope she will channel that into making more games
and improving the game that she has started and continues to do that.
So I hope that is clear in this argument.
Anyway, Dark Soccer, I know you have to head out.
Yes.
So anything you want to say to listeners before you head out?
I'm fucking tired.
No, seriously, I've had a very busy day today
and I've been out in the sunlight because I helped with the charity
carwash today this morning and it was very fun.
We made over $400 for a Nevada County HIV testing,
which they have zero government support.
Really?
Yeah.
They have no funding.
So we've raised $400 for them.
Wow.
And we're adding in another $100 from our local,
you know, from the sisters.
So we are making a nice $500 donation.
Very cool.
I'm surprised to hear about that because that,
we need to talk off air about some of this stuff.
Okay.
Okay.
But at any rate, you know, it makes me feel good to do these things,
but at the same time, I'm really freaking tired.
Sure, of course.
So it was, yeah, and all of you guys, you know,
I would encourage that if you feel something that, you know,
very strongly about something,
look into your local communities and see how you can help, you know,
even if it's volunteering at an event for a couple of hours
or even hosting a video game marathon to raise money for charity,
you know, look into that.
I'm going to be doing the same thing for my mom,
probably in a couple of weeks to raise money for my mom.
So, um, just if you care about your community, put your heart in it,
put your, put your actions where your mouth is.
All right.
And on that note, we are going to get to one more story.
I still have one more story here,
and then we're going to open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word on Skype.
Before we get to Skype line, I have one more story.
That last story took a little longer and I thought it would, uh,
but this story is about an undiscovered, uh, Atari 2600.
I was going to say undiscovered country.
No, undiscovered sequel to an Atari 2600 game that has been found all
these years later, basically.
Um, it's a prototype for Keystone Capers 2.
Do you ever play Keystone Capers on Atari 2600?
It was the cop and robber game by Activision,
and it's actually a really good game.
It was a fun little game.
For Atari 2600 it was a really fun game.
Well, unfortunately the prototype, it isn't really like a playable thing.
It just kind of shows the policeman running,
but it does show that the sequel was originally going to be set on a train.
So it shows this train that's basically like multi-screen that, uh,
the cop is kind of running between and the effects with like the mountain in
the background and the scrolling with the cactuses and everything.
The effects are pretty darn good for an Atari 2600.
Right.
You know what I mean? So that's, that's really neat.
So, um, yeah, basically this ended up being kind of a tech demo.
It's not an actual playable game or anything,
but I'm sure it's just a matter of time before this ROM hits the internet,
since the, uh, prototype, I guess, went to the NVGM.
I'm not sure what that acronym is,
but I'm assuming it's some type of game museum or a, you know,
place that, uh, archives this type of stuff.
So that is, that is really cool.
Um, there was some information on this game a little while ago.
Um, it's just,
this is the first time video has come out of it because I think he was
quoted in an interview and I'm a programmer.
Dan kitchen was quoted in an interview once saying, you know,
I did a sequel to ketone capers.
It was a cop on a train and it was called a Keystone cannon ball was what it
was going to be called. Um, but this is the first time we're like seeing video.
And again,
it's 2018 and we're seeing video for the first time of a game that probably
should have been released in around 1984. So yeah, pretty cool.
Pretty cool. Anyway, with that, the Skype line is open.
Orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
If you'd like to give us a call about anything we've talked about tonight,
or maybe something we haven't talked about tonight, uh,
while we wait for a call to come in,
I don't know if we have any quick last minute stories we want to get to Loki.
Uh, I didn't. Oh yeah.
Actually I was going to mention something as kind of a surprise this week.
La Milana to release. No, I'm sure dark tattoo is all over that one. Yeah.
So they, I guess announced and released it or something.
I know I thought it was announced already. Yeah.
They've been teasing it for awhile, but then it just kind of like came out.
It just came out. Yeah. Cause they had a Kickstarter.
So it's been known about for awhile. So anyway, we do have a call coming in.
Let's get to it. Hi. You're on orange laundry. Who's this? Hey, what's going on?
It's Rama. Hey Rama. Good to hear from you. What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Uh, not too much. Besides the fact that I hate Skype version eight,
but that's a story and a rant for another time. Yes, I, I,
I'm using this Skype windows XP until I can't anymore, but, uh,
we're talking about off air.
Some of the upgrades we're going to be doing pretty soon.
I'm hoping by the end of the year,
it's going to be a very different sounding OLR than it is now.
I hear you. I already told my staff,
we're moving to discord for this week's show. End of story. Oh, interesting.
You know,
a lot of people are doing voice chat on discord and I've been asked if OLR is
going to make a move like that. And, um, TBD.
We'll just leave it at that. Well, there is one issue with Skype eight.
If they fixed automatic microphone control, they fix it properly.
We're sticking around. If not, it's getting uninstalled. Simple as that.
Yikes. I still know a lot of people that use Skype.
I always hear this argument like nobody uses Skype,
but I'm like all the online big brother survivor reality game stuff that I've
played, like they're all on Skype and they all chat with Skype regularly.
Like it's a big platform and I still think tons of people are using Skype to
like call family in another country and things like that.
Like I think Skype is still like super popular.
It just isn't popular with the techies. I think is what's happening.
Yeah. And tech community basically using, um,
maybe discord, but for the most part slack and you have Microsoft teams,
but you got to think about it. When you install windows on your PC,
like windows 10 or windows eight, Skype is right there.
So it was like an easy one to go to. Yeah, no, for sure.
That's part of the reason why that's part of the reason why. Well, I mean, again,
we, we've been taking calls on Skype since I don't want to say before anyone,
but I really think before anyone, um,
back in like 2003 or four was our first Skype call. So, um,
you know, we just stuck with it. We saw no reason to leave it yet.
Yeah, basically.
But let me say what I got to say then I'm going to get out of here so that
other people can join in and call and have fun. Well,
first thing, your threat of a punishment,
you got to try harder than that. Good sir.
I tried. Somebody, somebody out there's ears were bleeding. I don't know.
I don't know. What am I supposed to do? We had no emails.
I had to fill the segment somehow. This is true. This is true. And, um,
as we all know, last weekend was the Overwatch grand finals. Yep.
Which London won, right? Yeah. I didn't watch,
but I was actually hanging out with some of my friends actually worked the event.
Oh, fun. Yeah. Uh, one of my friends, Cassie,
she was the official May cosplayer for the event. Oh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah. And, and our, I think her husband who works for Blizzard,
he was part of the whole tech support team and the breakdown.
So like Sunday me, her and a few others,
we actually did like a little walking tour of New York city and it was kind of
fun. Very cool. Yeah. It's,
it's going to be interesting to see how the league continues to grow next year.
I've heard they already, uh, have two expansions confirmed.
One of them is going to be Atlanta. Uh, the other one is the city in China,
which I do not recall the pronunciation of off the top of my heads. I apologize,
but it's another, uh, team out of China, uh, and Atlanta.
Although I don't know if they are, I mean,
I one place I've been a little bit critical of Overwatch league is in granted
this is probably just a first year thing,
but the fact that these guys, these teams don't live in the cities they
represent, they're all in LA playing at the Blizzard LA arena. Um,
yeah. Um, there's something about that that I, that I know. So yeah,
that's, we'll just leave it at that. Well, I, well for what it's worth, I,
it's, it's public and out there that that is not the longterm goal,
that they are looking at building more arenas and that the longterm goal is it
would be more like football or whatever,
where these teams would be in their cities like that is something that
Blizzard's gone on record saying. So if they're making moves to do that,
I wouldn't be surprised. I'm, I'm actually happy to hear it.
Well, that's good. I'm all for that.
I'd like to see more teams and you know, if you remember,
I was very critical of like esports and so forth.
I'm starting to warm up to it.
Maybe if they had really gotten more into televising gaming events like
this, like five, 10 years earlier, I'd be all for it.
Cause I'm sitting here thinking, you know,
I can't see myself watching somebody play street fighter five, you know,
whereas I will flip the channel and sit there and watch my favorite sports
team win a game or something like that, you know?
And, and my big thing is,
and still continues to be is that I hope the expansion of the league will
lead to more diversity because this is how I said,
this is why I would like the Overwatch league to be successful.
I'm not out here shouting, shut them down or anything.
But the great thing about expansion is that you don't have to let anyone
that's already there go. So these, you know,
these white dudes that are all makeup and, and, you know,
a lot of folks from Asia as well that play on these teams,
none of these folks have to go anywhere,
but maybe we could get some more women.
I know there are more women that play Overwatch than one, you know?
So maybe we can get some more diversity with the ethnicities and nobody who's
currently there has to go. That's the great thing about expansions.
Again, there's something that I,
that I was told that I have to tell you off air.
You'll have to tell me off air. Will it make me happy or sad?
I don't know. I know you pretty well, Rob,
but I can't predict how you would take this type of news.
All right. Now you got me curious now, but all right, fair enough.
Fair enough. I respect the privacy of whatever it is you got going.
So, all right. Well, my friend, any other thoughts?
Uh, no, that's it. I am basically getting ready for Otacon this weekend.
So, uh, my liver is on full standby.
Have a great time. That'll be me in a few weeks getting ready for DragonCon.
And then after that, we have to have a VoG reunion part due at MagFest.
Oh, I hope so. I would love to go to MagFest again.
You know, MagWest is this coming weekend.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah. So, uh, we'll see. I, I may make a cameo.
Uh, one of my buddies is really trying to get me to go and I'm gonna,
I have plans to go to San Jose for something non-related anyway.
So I may drop in for a little bit. So we'll see.
Go for it, man.
Yeah, I just might. All right, my friend, I'm gonna let you go though.
All right, you too. Take care, brother.
Take care. Bye.
All right. Uh, let's see. I saw a couple other calls coming in.
So let me see if we can get another one of those.
At Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype before we wrap up here for the night.
Uh, and move on. So let's get to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up? It's Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto. What's on your mind, buddy?
So much. You can hear me, right?
Yep. You are great.
Hi, you were talking earlier about, um, No Man's Sky.
Yeah.
And how you can, um, you know, you had fun playing with Bobby Blackwolf and, uh, who was the other person? Dungeon Buster?
Yep. Dungeon Buster. My buddy Neil pops in now and then too.
Yeah. So you said you guys are having fun, but you don't know, like, the longevity of that because you really weren't doing anything together.
And I just wanted to remind you that there is voice chat. I think with voice chat, that opens the door to so much fun because then you can communicate.
You're exploring together. You know, somebody might find something. They call you over to check it out.
You know, you just take a long, kind of like stand by me in space.
I guess. Like, you know, and maybe things that have happened to me, like when the biological horrors showed up and I started screaming on my stream.
Like if Bobby, if Bobby had been there too, when I did that, uh, then at least there would have been two of us to take them on.
And maybe that's the trick to doing that stuff a little easier is to bring some friends along to zap those aliens down since you kind of know what you're in for.
Um, so maybe, you know, maybe there is some stuff. I just kind of feel like,
Not just zap, but I just mean that communication aspect.
Yeah, for sure. And since we've been streaming, when we play online together, we do talk and you know that again, it was fun.
And I'm not saying like, you know, it's just when you kind of start to play the game on your own, you're really kind of exploring the story.
You find that a lot of it is about how much have you explored? How many words have you learned?
How many things, you know, and it does seem like you're still kind of in a solo, a story, which if I, if the spoilers from the first iteration of the game still hold true about what the whole thing kind of ends up being at the end,
I could see how it's kind of like a solo experience, but I mean, there's nothing wrong with like kind of sharing with that with other people, but I'm just like, I don't see myself playing through this with somebody by my side for the entirety 60 hours or whatever it takes to get through the story. You know what I mean?
I get you. But like, the way I see it is like, you know, I go back to when I was a kid and, you know, I used to get games like Monopoly and Clue and now, no, what the fuck did you not understand the rules, couldn't comprehend the rules.
I'm like six or seven trying to do like D&D and I'm just like, fuck it. And me and my friends just made up our own game.
And I think that sometimes with some games, you don't need to just play the solo mode. Just like I said, like explore, communicate with each other, just kind of make your own game.
Yeah, that's a fair perspective. I bet people are making, you know, No Man's Sky is a sandbox of sorts and I bet people are making their own games out of it.
You know, I think, aren't they supposed to have like racing and stuff that comes to the game eventually? I don't know.
I thought that they mentioned that.
I tuned into a random stream and some dude was driving a car. So I know that's a thing that I just haven't unveiled yet.
Yeah, they have vehicles.
I didn't even know that was a thing until I watched some random Twitch. So there's more.
Yeah, there's more yet. Okay, Dungeon Busters confirms there's a racing track module.
So that would be fun. So I think there's just, there's still more to discover. But yeah, I think it's, it's probably the sandbox versus the story of the game.
I don't think the story of the game is really going to be that great with the multiple people, but the sandbox element, absolutely. The racing track stuff will be fun.
Yeah, and as far as you know, there aren't any space battleships. I mean, I know that you fight in space for like, teaming up with each other.
I don't know how that works yet. I know you fight space pirates, but I don't know if you can team up with others to fight the space pirates.
Yeah, I remember it was that thing we asked. But yeah, that's, that's what I want to go out and just want to remind you that, you know, you can communicate and I have all types of fun.
Because I mean, I play a lot of games online, and people are so fucking quiet in space, it's just like, no one talks no more.
No, I see.
Unless they're like, some kind of party chat maybe, but I mean, it's very rare.
No, I mean, I appreciate the other perspective. You're right, sometimes the game is kind of what you make it, in a way.
And that's, especially with a sandbox game like Minecraft, like No Man's Sky, like, you know, a lot of games are out there right now.
It is what you make it, so.
All right, my friend, take care.
Yeah, anytime. Take care, buddy. Bye.
All right, that is going to wrap us up for tonight, because I have some plans after the show.
So sorry to those that didn't get through, but you can always email us. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Because, you know, we're not getting emails.
Or you can always tweet us at OLR.
That's a Twitter name I will not be changing, and I'm going to hold on to that three-letter Twitter name with dear life.
I may have given up a four-letter Twitter name, but I'm not giving up a three-letter one.
Anyway, that's going to do it for another episode of the show.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening tonight.
As I always say at the end of every show, if you enjoyed what you heard here tonight, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread a word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to air, well, what are we supposed to do?
I hope those of you that went to EVO had a good time.
I hope everybody that's been sitting at home gaming, whether it's No Man's Sky or building your own games or whatever,
I hope you've been having a good time as well.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
Oh, I forgot to mention the five-star reviews wherever you pick this show up.
iTunes, Google Play, those go a long way.
Although I guess somebody was telling me you can't actually rate things on Google Play. I thought you could.
And somebody had asked about Stitcher, so I haven't mentioned this in a while.
I did ask OLR to be removed from Stitcher some time ago, because their podcast refreshing feed was not staying current.
The show was months out of date, and nothing was changing, and they were doing nothing about it.
So when I got emails from Stitcher people that were like,
Why aren't you putting on any episodes? I said Stitcher is not representing our show the way it should be represented, and so I had it pulled.
So that's why we're not on Stitcher.
So I can recommend every podcast player out there except one.
Sorry, I know that one's pretty popular, but I'm sticking to it.
You've got to accurately reflect. If your niche is going to be delivering podcasts, you need to deliver podcasts.
Anyhow, not to dwell in a negative space, but you guys deserve to know the truth.
I'm not going to sugarcoat it. That's what it is.
All right, let's get final thoughts. Loki, your final thoughts.
I'm going to have to start a new game now that I finished the one I was working on.
All right.
I don't know. It'll probably be along the same lines, just not the way they did it.
I was going to say, you should make the one you did better.
I can, but I can only do so much with that. I already have an idea.
I don't want to do my grand, grand, grand idea that I had that was along the same lines, but maybe something smaller.
So we'll see.
Well, at least I can tell Bobby, I have seen a game that Loki has done.
It's very basic, but it's there. You did it.
We did it this time with the car as well, but that never got released.
Well, yeah, but you didn't, you didn't, and you still had unfinished stuff.
I always start that over and then...
There you go. There you go. All right.
Anyway, uh, let's see. That is, uh, that's going to do it for tonight's OLR.
My final thought tonight is, um, I need to, I need to spin some pokestops today. It's getting late.
All right, that's going to do it. Thank you guys so much for listening to the show tonight.
I appreciate it as always. We'll be back in seven days to do it all again with episode 741.
Until then, happy gaming. Be nice to each other online and shake hands at the end of it. Bye.
See you next week.
Bye.
