For all the flak that Microsoft caught for sidelining gaming for additional entertainment
options while launching the Xbox One, it's ironic given that Sony is an entertainment
empire that publishes in every notable medium.
Pair that with a recent drama over their desire for only blockbuster gaming titles and now
a rumored PlayStation Plus video pass and what were we complaining about before?
This is the association my brain has drawn.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to delve more into
the rumors and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again on this Sunday evening, April the 25th of
the 2021 episode number 866 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined as always by my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi.
And for our Twitch viewers tonight, not the podcast folks because that part gets kind
of like cropped out of the podcast, but we had a new like we have like a little bump
that plays because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock
Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And there's a few minutes that takes transition from Bobby doing his show in Atlanta over
to us in Sacramento.
So we have a little like, if you've ever watched a Twitch stream, like a stream starting now
equivalent or stream starting soon type equivalent that a lot of your favorite streamers do.
And we had a new one of those tonight.
We've had one for a while that used like free music that I found on some website and a bunch
of collage pictures of Mr. Smoosh, but we've upgraded a little bit.
I always thought, I did always think it was a little unfair that it was just Mr. Smoosh.
Like I know Smoosh is a lovely cat, but we're all cat owners here at OLR.
And we even don't, don't get, we appreciate a good doggo too.
I just want to make sure the dog people don't get pissed.
We appreciate a good doggo too.
I love a corgi.
I have a special place in my heart for that.
There is a dog in the last picture that we didn't show because Midna was kissing her.
I see.
Okay.
So there, so there's that, but, but we have more OLR cat representation and that was all
done by dark soccer, including the new music was, was you, when's the album drop sis?
It doesn't.
Um, and that, and that music to explain people, um, were saying that they did hear it in some
of my streams.
Um, and there was, there was a little misunderstanding, there was a little misunderstanding.
Um, well, but the thing is, is that, um, I'm really glad to, to offer it up to the channel
instead.
I've made some, uh, some new music for myself and I was gonna do, um, I, my plan for today
was actually to work on my channel trailer cause I'm streaming, you know, I'm trying
to get at least once a weekend.
Um, and I made this like in a world, you know, type of serious music.
I'm like, you get to watch this person suck at dead by daylight.
Um, and I was getting everything ready to do that.
I'm like, no, I hate it.
And then Rob was like, we, we, uh, you know, we were talking about the, the intro, the
pre-intro, I guess for the show.
And I was like, I'll do it.
Yeah.
That still cracks me up.
How that happened is that you sent me that intro, that song and you, it intended to use
it for your channel, but somehow I didn't get that message.
So it was very much a, um, here, Rob, I made this and I went, you made this.
I made this.
Bog made this and so there it is now it's on bog, but, uh, I appreciate you giving us
the song.
You made a new one for your channel and it's just as good.
So it worked out, I guess you just had to, my intro one is actually a looped version
of my first completed song that I did, um, and I would like to do like just more music
like that.
I mean, really right now, I'm not the best like keyboardist, even though for people who
are in Twitch right now, I do have myself a nice MIDI keyboard and, uh, I'm still working
on stuff.
I actually paid for my first, uh, logic plugin and I got the, uh, the synthesizer they use
for the Sega Genesis.
Um, before I get to Loki, uh, there's a very well-timed question in chat that I think we
need to address.
Uh, so going to our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network, SSJ 100, Matt says, serious
question.
Could we say drop pet photos in the subscriber chat for it to be added to the photo roll
roll if it's somehow changeable, Jamie, I think we have an answer for that.
Yeah.
Um, I was actually, we were talking about this before the show, but I would love to
have, um, some submissions, um, in the chat is one thing you can private message me your
pictures instead, because I check chat kind of infrequently.
Um, so I'll set up a Twitter thread at OLR, Jamie, and I can just send you the pictures
that people post.
I think that's probably the easiest way to do it.
We'll do a Twitter thread at OLR and for people that are anti Twitter, then they can reach
out to you directly.
Uh, honestly, Twitter is going to be difficult for me.
No, no.
I can, I can pull it all down from Twitter and send to you one big file.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Then that works.
I just need to know.
Um, like if you have the picture in the picture title, put your name and your cat's name.
That's what I want the picture to be labeled so that I know who's is who's.
Awesome.
So, um, yeah, that, and what you guys saw tonight was the first version of that anyway,
because, um, there was a, there was a booboo we're not going to highlight, but Jamie has
to fix it anyway.
So we're going to add more, uh, add more pictures.
Yeah, it's not a big deal, but we were, the plan was to add more stuff anyway.
All right.
Anyway, uh, enough talk about something that podcast folks don't even see.
I'm sorry, but I hope you will check out the archive sometime at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Um, you do have to be a subscriber to see the video feed completely.
Um, but there's a lot of clips, like, uh, people have been clipping parts of the show.
There's, there's a lot that you can just kind of look at for free anyway.
Um, and then make it available somewhere.
Yeah.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Anyway.
Um, so say hello as well to tech master Loki.
Sorry, Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Um, now did I, what, what is running behind you?
Because I swear I saw your own name in that.
What is going on here?
Loki.
That is my own name.
This, this is, uh, the only historical evidence of the greatest gameplay ever, ever I've ever
experienced.
So this is actually on our, um, orange lounge radio, uh, YouTube page.
It's a short sighted.
Yeah.
So this is, um, we have an updated, I just want to point out.
I think that's the last thing that's gone on the orange on your YouTube page.
It hasn't been updated in like 10 years.
Okay.
Like the orange on your YouTube page is kind of a relic at this point.
You want to see how cute we were in our early thirties and late twenties.
Go to the OLR YouTube page.
It's all there.
But yeah, so it, it's a evidence of the modded grand theft auto games, uh, grand theft auto
four games we used to play on Xbox three 60 with my coworkers.
And I seriously have not experienced a more fun version of any game except for that.
And then they patched it out of course, and hadn't played a regular game, which is still
fun, but it's, it was, it's not as, not as fun, as crazy as just everything that you
see in the video.
So, um, that's, what's running behind and I'll probably switch it up to the other short
I have as well with the evil swing set.
How long until grand theft auto six Loki, how long do you think we're going to be waiting
there?
I don't even really play five.
You know, um, I really got out of that.
I finished the single player campaign and then it's all been grand theft auto online
updates and I just haven't gotten into it.
It's such a grind.
Um, it's just not really fun.
Um, some of the races though and stuff look pretty cool.
I used to watch this YouTuber Ali 43, he used to do a lot of the different races and things
that you can do online.
So there's some fun there, but I just, I don't know, I play Minecraft, so I haven't really
gone back to five, but when six comes out, yeah, I'll, I mean, I'll definitely pick it
up.
I'm going to our chat.
Dark Tetsuya says, I got five for free.
So grand theft auto five for free on Epic.
Wondering if I should install it.
Well, yeah, it's a great game.
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, if you haven't played through it, you should, it's just, I don't know.
I liked four better.
I liked like the open world stuff's fine, but like the way they set up the online matches
and stuff, I liked it so much better because they kind of put you into a section of the
map and you fought it out there.
It's not like this big, I don't know, open world thing where you can do races and stuff
like that.
I just like it more structured kind of like Call of Duty or something like that.
Well, I guess Call of Duty now is a big, you know, battle arena stuff.
So, um, but like the more traditional like Call of Duty type of stuff where it's, it's
a, a level or an arena granted the whole map is open, but they only put weapons as small
portion of it.
And so I really liked that kind of setup where it's more structured like that, but now it's
just like, well, you know, you can have a death match over here or over here.
And then, I don't know, it just wasn't as fun.
I don't know what to say.
It's hard to go back when you have, you know, Uzis that shoot, um, grenades and it just
explosions everywhere.
And then there's planes flying down close to the, you know, road and just flying cop
cars with nuclear shotguns or suitcase bombs and stuff, all this modded stuff that we put
in there.
And it was just so amazing.
Bobby Blackwell also points out that Grand Theft Auto five just went back on game pass.
It was gone for a little bit, but it just came back.
That was some, a recent headline.
I do want to point out though with Dark Tetsuya's question, even though we're kind of sitting
here going, yeah, install it.
You know what?
There's a very real hesitation and a very real reason to ask that question.
And I'm going to give Dark Tetsuya the huge benefit of the doubt there because I've been
in this very similar situation and it is those fucking bandwidth caps.
And if you don't have to deal with those through your cable provider, congratulations.
Good for you.
You are lucky.
You are.
You're very lucky because I'm telling you those bandwidth caps are a pain in the ass
and a game like, um, Grand Theft Auto five is going to be something like, it's gotta
be like 40, 50, 60 gigs.
Like it's pretty big.
Yeah.
It's a big game.
So you really have to think about that kind of stuff before you just go download it.
Um, I think it's a really good game.
It really is like the single player campaign was, it was all right.
I liked it.
Um, but yeah, it's, it's got a good story.
It's fun.
The heists are fun.
Um, I don't know.
There's a lot to do in that game.
It's very like pack full stuff.
And if you really have the patience for Grand Theft Auto line and that could be fun, but
it's just, it's such a grind.
They make it so grindy with like, you have to pay rent for your apartment.
You have to pay rent to have people fix up your cars when they get destroyed by another
player.
Like that stuff is, that's stupid, but I understand why they're doing it because that's where
they're making their money.
They're trying to sell their shark shark cards.
So they make it an unnecessary grind and that kind of ruined it for me because I used to
like, you know, Grand Theft Auto four, for example, great game by itself.
And then they released the loss of the dam expansion, which was also great.
And then the ballad of gay Tony, which was also great.
Like all of the content grant, the thought of four was just amazing.
But then they found out they can make lots more money by having to persist to online
mode.
And so that's where it's going to go.
And that's where six is probably going to go, unfortunately, even though the campaign
is really good, but I'll buy it anyways, because I love those games.
So it is disappointing though, that it's not structured the way it was because I really
did like those.
All right.
Uh, so I, I'm looking and there's a, I usually read all the, uh, donators and stuff at the
end of the show after we go off air, just live only on Twitch.
But I have to acknowledge that there is a hype train going on right now.
And I, I just put in a hundred biddies myself to kick it up to the next level.
So people get more emotes.
So I'd own their pixel pockets, just did it too.
And many of you are donating bits and subs and thank you guys, you really don't have
to do that.
I know.
Thank you.
Thank you all.
And I'll read, I'll read that all at the end of the show as I usually do.
I, I, you know, it's, it's tricky cause we're walking that line between we're recording
our podcast yet we are live on Twitch and it is very custom for Twitch streamers to
thank people right as they donate.
But it is hard when you're trying to, you know, do these stories and all these other
things and try to keep the flow of your show going, which isn't as pleasant to listen to
when you're in your car on a commuting train, you know, it's like, Hey, you were talking
about this story.
You don't get sidetracked.
Uh, us at OLR get sidetracked.
I guess maybe it's something you've come to expect here at OLR.
I don't know.
Who do you think you're listening to?
Oh my gosh.
You guys are so kind.
VGRealness donated more and said, don't tell me what to do.
You're not my real dad.
I did it again.
What are you going to do about it?
Punish you.
All right, moving on, uh, let's get it before things get really awkward here at OLR.
Let's move on and talk about our kickoff topic tonight.
Uh, Loki, you want to tell us a little bit about this, the, the, I heard you like stores.
Yeah.
So Epic says, Hey, you know what?
We have a storefront, let's make more storefronts.
So, uh, that's what they're doing.
They're adding some different apps, um, into the Epic game storefront and, uh, some of
those, they had five non gaming apps included with it.
So they have a brave, which I guess is some open source web browser can shape, uh, which
is actually really cool.
So this is, um, if you're in game development, you'd probably know who Kenny is.
Kenny is this guy who develops a lot of these free, um, creative commons, zero free to use
assets.
And so he has this new thing called Ken shape that you can use to generate simple low poly
objects, just kind of drawing a picture and assigning like depth to it.
And so it's really cool.
So he's, um, they have that on there, uh, Krita, which is a painting and drawing app.
Um, and then of course I heart radio, you guys are probably aware of that.
Um, but then there's also, um, I guess like some itch IO stuff in there as well.
So that's kind of interesting.
Um, does that mean I can, uh, put pixel poops number two on there?
That was, that was a question I was going to ask you, does this mean that now pixel
poops, uh, number two is available on the, uh, on the, um, Epic game store?
I mean, I guess it does, doesn't it?
I mean, I, I guess, I guess you can, yeah, you can go within the store and then purchase
pixel poops number two, if you wanted to.
Huh?
So technically, yes, we're on the Epic game store now, I guess.
All right.
That's great.
Um, and, uh, Bobby is saying in chat, it's literally just the itch IO app that you can
download.
You can download it from their site or from Epic game store itch IO games are not listed
on Epic game store, which is how a lot of people are kind of reporting this is that,
Oh, it's embedded within, you know, the Epic game store.
They're, they're, they're, they're taking over, uh, itch IO and all this stuff, or I'm
sorry, they're Epic has taken over itch.
I it's, that's not the case.
So I think the app based thing is a way to think about it.
It's just basically that they're launching their own app store, which when you consider
what they've got going on in court and all this stuff right now, you know, again, I'm
not going to touch that right now, cause we've got a long way to go in the court proceedings
and all that stuff.
But to hear that Epic is launching their own app store itch being one of those apps.
That makes a lot of sense.
Right.
Yeah.
And, and it's still pretty cool though.
It's more exposure because there may be some people that are on, you know, get played stuff
from steam or Epic games that they even know what it is.
So, you know, more exposure is not a bad thing.
Yeah, for sure.
Um, and, uh, yeah, you're right.
People may not necessarily, um, go to the itch website or even think about that, but
maybe if they see within the Epic store and their Fortnite launcher that they're, Oh,
there's this whole other game space, it may be a place that they can get exposed to even
more stuff.
And there's a lot of great stuff on itch.io, obviously.
And I'm sure many of you own a truckload of games on itch.io already.
Cause I, there were a lot of people I knew that participated in that, um, black lives
matter or I was at a racial justice and inequity bundle.
I'm sorry, I forget the actual name right now, but it was, it was, it was what they
did when, you know, uh, that was really in the focus, um, as, as it should continue to
be, let's be real.
But you know what I mean?
Really, really in the focus, uh, in June of last year, they did that bundle and many people
probably picked up like, there was like 2000 games in that bundle or something like that.
Right.
And how many did y'all play?
You know, so, um, there's, there's a lot, talk about a backlog, right?
So, uh, so many backlogs.
Yeah.
Uh, this is funny.
VG realness and chat is like, whoa, I mixed missed a few weeks.
Did Loki release his game?
Well, let it be, let us get you caught up.
Yes, he released his game.
Um, it is, um, so, uh, if you want to give Loki the most money for the game, you're going
to go to itch.io and buy it there basically.
But I have to kind of plug Aaron or YYR's pixel poops as well.
So I would really also want to point you over to the steam store where the game pixel poops
is free to play.
Um, and you can check that out.
That's our buddy YYR.
And then there are two other versions of the game that are basically DLC.
You have a cute little Commodore 64 version, which not enough people are talking about.
You can buy that for, um, a certain amount of money that I forget in the moment, but
it's under $5.
And then there's your version of the game Loki, which is an NES game.
And it's, you know, it's a little more, it's like $10, but you are getting like a really
full NES cartridge experience.
And there's still, yeah, and I'm still working on the special edition of it.
So the special edition has actually 10 more levels.
Um, it'll be a free update.
So if you do purchase it before then you'll get a free update soon because I only have
two more levels for it.
Although I just saw tutorials on how to do animated tiles, so I may have to tweak that,
but there's still like some updates I want to do to that.
And then yeah, eventually like a physical release.
I don't know how I'm going to do that yet.
Um, I have cartridges.
I can at least make 12, um, which based on the downloads so far and the purchases that
may be all the interest we have, so we can, we can do it, but, um, we can see what we
need to come up with there, but yeah, I've, I do want to have packed that cartridge as
full as possible, um, before I actually start burning those.
So that's why I made like, at least it's going to be at least 10 more levels.
Um, I want to do more, but we'll see.
Um, VG realness and chat says it's no longer the running joke of the podcast.
What's it going to be now?
Um, well, this is tough because maybe I was going to say Loki's, Loki's a game maker.
Dark soccer is a music musician.
Uh, I, um, well, um, maybe, maybe that's the joke and I don't even cook.
I, I like to talk, uh, I'll do a series of motivational speeches or something.
I don't know.
Yeah, exactly.
This is like crickets.
So that's the new joke.
My life.
Your life is great.
No I do.
I do have things pretty good.
I can't, but, but if you can't make fun of yourself and your friends, how are you going
to make fun of somebody else?
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, thank you.
Look at that.
I was fishing, fishing for compliments there.
S2 100 Matt.
Rob is a great MC of things.
That's right.
You know what?
I look forward for COVID to being over and I can get back into live hosting and doing
panels and stuff like that.
I, I, they, I, you're right.
I, I love, I missed that a lot.
So soon.
Anyway, back to, uh, the Epic games store, adding another store, um, what do you, so,
so Loki, do you think this is going to sell that 13th copy of the game or no, this isn't
going to have, this isn't going to change anything.
That's not going to change anything.
It's a nice app though.
I haven't had that downloaded yet, so, um, I get to see all the stuff that I own, which
is a lot.
I'll be curious kind of like how that works, if it's still kind of all embedded within
the Epic store kind of front, or if it goes, cause it sounds like, especially the way Bobby's
describing it, it's like, it's just a whole separate thing.
So you don't even really have to wait for the Epic store to have it.
You just go download it on itch.io's website and you check it out there.
So there is that.
So, all right.
Well, um, at the end of the day, do you think this is a good thing for indies or does this
feel like, Oh, it might be a cash in or something like that?
I think it's a cash in at all.
I think it's good to have that stuff out there.
It'd be even better if it was integrated into Epic game store, but I can understand why
they don't do that.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, we'll see, we'll see what ends up developing.
I'll be curious to hear if any developers on itch.io notice a little boost from this,
but yeah, I doubt at the end of the day, it's super kind of likely like either you
are looking into these things or you're not.
Right.
So, right.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, anyhow, moving on, um, gosh, you got to that level four hype train in chat.
Thank you guys so much.
There was a lot of anonymous donations and things like that.
Gosh, gosh, gosh.
I'm very, very thankful.
Okay.
Um, before we get into our gaming weeks, a little bit of other housekeeping here at the
voice geeks network.
I do want to give a shout out, um, to our pal, uh, Shane or, or shad stars, like, um,
because he was a huge and instrumental in making this bonus stream happen here at the
voice geeks network.
This past week, uh, we did Shane's definitive Pokemon rankings, uh, and he illustrated his
bottom 10 Pokemon and his top 50 Pokemon, and he even put together a PowerPoint.
And so I'm actually very thankful that he like, you know, he kind of said that as a
joke and then I was like, Oh no, now you got to do it.
And he actually did do it.
So I, you know, he's, he has better things he could be doing, um, like playing monster
Hunter, I'm sure, but he did take the time out to do that and do the stream.
And it was fun.
Uh, I thought it was, you know, we, we ruffled a lot of feathers, I'm sure with the rankings,
but, um, it was, it was a lot of fun.
So check that out.
If you are a subscriber here, uh, at twitch.tv, which a lot of you just became tonight, uh,
with gift subs and things like that.
So check that out.
You can check that out, um, in the archives right now that's available.
And we are looking to build more stuff out there in the archives so that, um, those of
you that are so generous in subscribing, um, you know, really have, have more to look forward
to as an extra special way to say thank you.
Um, by the way, yes, I heard about the podcast app getting subscriptions and stuff this week.
Uh, no comment on that at this time.
I, we don't know enough details.
I, right now the focus is on, on VOG.
Um, and I, I do not see us, um, well, let me put it this way.
It's been for the past 19 years, our MO has been, this show is free.
This three hour thing that we do on Sunday nights, because it's a way to hang out with
friends and all that stuff.
That's free.
That will not change period.
Anything we do is going to be something extra in addition to that.
Um, but I, I don't know if that is going to be, I, I'm kind of a little more focused on
what we're trying to do, uh, at Twitch right now, but I know that question is going to
get asked.
Um, so I'm just going to clear up that air right now.
Um, let's see, uh, what else I want to say with that?
Oh, so Shane did the Pokemon ranking stream.
It was a lot of fun and we're starting to raise the channel points for another stream.
Bobby's going to do the next one.
He's going to do something a little similar to what he did the first time with the tapes,
and he's going to be doing some more E3 footage, uh, unearthed from the early two thousands.
Um, and this is also neat because Bobby hasn't re-watched these tapes and he's going to go
and put them onto Twitch.
There may be more embarrassing shit like when he got Charles Martinet to be like, oh, it's
Robert's TV show and all these things, which if you haven't seen the clip, please see the
clip.
So we don't know what kinds of stuff will show up there, so please, uh, look forward
to that.
I'm almost confident we're going to raise the points, uh, and, uh, that'll happen in
the coming weeks.
And then the ball will be back in our court to do something, but there are ideas there.
I actually have ideas right now that I don't even necessarily want to do channel points
for.
I just want to do it.
And Dark Sakura, we've been talking about some stuff like that and, uh, I want to rope
Loki in on some ideas too.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
So anyway, uh, check that out all over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Let's get into our gaming weeks and talk about the types of games that we have been playing
this week.
Dark Sakura.
I know where this is going to go, but I think this is interesting.
So go for it.
It's more than animal crossing.
That's true.
It is more than animal crossing.
So, um, yes, of course I did play animal crossing and I'm still playing word scapes.
Um, but of course I'm playing dead by daylight.
Um, I am not great at it.
Actually, it takes more than five rounds of playing the game to, you know, actually
be good.
Although I finally got someone to sacrifice.
Um, but, uh, I've been enjoying, uh, trolling trolls in the game.
You know how people like try to do the teabag move and everything.
And there were these, uh, little jerks that were up on it, whatever the name of the, the
Myers level is where the houses hadn't filled.
Yeah.
Well, they were up on this like awning of a house.
So I just sat there throwing up on them the whole time.
Cause I played the Vami Mami and Legion is still number one in my heart nurse will be
my end game.
But right now I'm leveling the Vami Mami to get her stuff, to get a teachable.
Anyway, I also did, uh, download another game on Apple arcade that I plan on streaming when
I, uh, when I have a, a little bit more of a mood for it and that's Fantasian.
Oh yeah.
I want to see that.
Sign me up.
Yeah.
Um, so, uh, because I do have my subscription to Apple arcade and I am playing on a Mac.
Um, for the record, I get a lot of people now asking me about like how I'm playing,
um, dead by daylight on a Mac.
And they're like kind of floored that, that I am using Stadia and that I'm streaming from
Stadia.
Yeah.
I, even I'm impressed that you're streaming gameplay from Stadia.
The only time I've ever streamed Stadia footage was actually on this show.
I think the week it came out or the week I got it when Bobby gave me a code or whatever,
I recorded it in advance and then played it back on this show.
I think that my video quality has been pretty good.
Um, I've already downloaded a few, I've, I've clipped a few things.
You can see it on my channel later on.
Once you, once you fixed your proportions, you couldn't see the URL and that stuff anymore.
It looks great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, it was, yeah, I really had to just tweak a lot of things in there, but, um, I'll be
playing, um, some other games I think through Stadia as well, depending on, uh, when they
come out.
Like I'm considering, I mean, I don't want to buy, um, mass effect through Stadia because
I want to eventually get my virtualization cleared up and, you know, have like a Parallels
desktop or something.
But um, I'm considering just trying to do a mass effect when it comes out through Parallels,
if I can get that, but yeah, Stadia has been a delight.
I take back every bad thing I've ever said about it.
Interesting.
Huh.
On top of that, they had a lot of the dead by daylight DLC, um, on sale cheaper than
how steam had it for a bit because they had it for half price.
Be sure to promote that in your streams too, that you're playing on state.
I think you do, but be sure to make sure Stadia is in there cause I, Stadia does have a small
but loyal following and I bet they would seek out just people that are streaming on Stadia.
Um, orange right in chat says I did play Stadia on my Twitch before it's definitely possible.
Pretty interesting.
The one problem I have, and I'm going to send this out as sort of a warning to other streamers
on Mac.
Um, so one thing about OBS that people don't realize is that you're going to have to have
a second sound input that your system sounds will route through.
I use this app called EQ Mac and that's what I used to capture my game audio.
That's why when I was streaming animal crossing before my game audio wasn't being picked up.
This very broadcast is coming to you from a Mac mini and we had to do a similar thing
here in studio for that.
Yeah.
Um, so to answer what Stadia is, it is a streaming game service owned by Amazon.
Google.
Um, Google or Google.
No, Amazon's was something different.
Amazon's was Luna.
Amazon is through Google and it's, uh, lots of really great games on there.
I wish they did had a bigger library, but you can actually, it is like the G force now
thing.
Um, and I was going to use the G force now.
I actually really prefer Stadia.
Um, but it's really just, it's been really great.
There's a lot of good games on it.
It's enough to make me think about, uh, subscribing again to, uh, Stadia pro.
Um, but back to the other thing, um, I've also found trouble with steam labs, OBS capturing
my stadia screen where standard OBS does it just fine.
So just wanted to throw that out there for other folks who might consider playing on
stadium streaming.
I do also to, uh, clarify what I'm amethyst Rose, which is saying in our chat with the
questions about Stadia and video G force.
Now, one thing you do, you do, especially cause I noticed amethyst Rose, which says,
okay, I love G force now.
Well, one thing you're going to want to be very aware of is, is that the pricing structure
is very different between the two.
That's the other big thing.
I mean, in functionality, they're both cloud based gaming services, but Nvidia kind of
taps into games you already own.
Like it looks at your steam library and you know, what's installed on your computer and
you kind of connect it to games that you already own.
And then you're paying Nvidia basically to rent their computer and their, their super
powerful computer and stream from that.
Uh, but of course they have that free version, but you might run into a queue.
You're limited to an hour.
So there's things with that, or you can pay the 10 bucks to have the, whenever you want
it and the highest quality and all that stuff.
But, uh, you're not paying to rent the computer or what have you, not paying to rent Google's
computer, but you are having to buy the games uniquely on Stadia's storefront.
So when you buy a game on state, unless it's cross play or cross purchase, which very few
are, unless you have Stadia pro, then you pay 10 bucks a month and you can get a bunch
of games for quote free.
Yeah, right.
There is that as well.
So, so just, I want to make sure that the pricing configurations are a little different
between the two and kind of like where the ownership is.
And I think that's important to weigh when you're deciding which one you want to go with.
But I really do think, especially when Microsoft, which they're getting closer and closer to
launching this whole thing with Xbox, when that gets closer and they launched that fully,
I think you're really going to see cloud gaming take off in a lot of different ways.
Um, which has me a little bit nervous again with the bandwidth cap thing, but I'm hoping
as that becomes more and more the norm, there's going to be more pressure on cable companies
to increase that cap to something reasonable.
But we'll see.
I don't know.
It's that this is a process that will take years, not months to be honest.
Data should be free.
It really should be.
But we all know, you know, yeah, anyway.
All right.
Uh, so that was a dark soccer's gaming week.
Oh, actually one of the things, and I don't mean to make this the dead by daylight cast,
which we've talked about.
We've talked about the game.
Maybe we should do that.
Well, let's talk later.
But um, I do want to ask about this because you were kind of saying I'm struggling with
the game a little bit.
It's hard, you know, to get in there.
And obviously practice is a big deal, but I have found this element of it fascinating
for me, quite frankly, Jamie, is that you like to play the killer, which is a first
person game.
You have been very adverse over the years to playing first person games because of what,
you know, it can make you sick if it's not, you know, the right thing and all this stuff.
So I'm, but I know the lore of this game and everything else is like, Halo's lore did not
pull you in dead by daylight's Lord pulled you in to make you go enough like, all right,
I got to just mentally give this a shot.
So I play windowed.
Oh, you play it in windowed.
So that way it's not your entire screen.
Ah, exactly.
So then it's just a smaller area.
Yeah.
I mean, I play with a pretty, pretty big screen, you know, I mean, keep in mind my I've got
a 32 inch ultra widescreen monitor with a really great refresh rate.
So it turns out that the other part of things had to do with the refresh.
When I'm using a 60 megahertz screen, I get more nauseous having a higher refresh rate
on my monitor.
So I have a 144 has actually made it a bit easier for me.
Okay.
So that was exactly what I needed to know is kind of like, how did you consolidate that
and kind of, I don't want to say, get over it because when we're talking about physical
things, I don't want to ever say, you know, Oh, get over it.
But how were you able to kind of make it work, I guess.
And that, that explains a lot because yeah, when you play in windowed mode, then your
eyes can kind of fixate if it needs to on the static background and that kind of helps,
right?
Yeah.
So it really does help.
And the fact that actually the color of my background.
So I have this a super Metroid background that's, you know, the, the dead people in
the lab and the purples and blues actually add a nice frame around it that I also get
less eye strain out of it.
And so, and to answer, I answered DJ Ron mass already, but I'll say if it's an LG monitor,
yes, my monitor is an LG.
I paid almost as much as my Mac for, for my monitor.
Yeah.
Well, I cash stocks, but yeah, I, and I make sure that I keep softer light in my room.
Like right now I have my lamp on cause I'm doing the show and I'll probably have it for
other streaming events later.
But it's, I've got to do a couple of things and I also make sure that I have something
a little carby to eat because it keeps my stomach from flip-flopping.
I just, I just think that that part, so it's not even really just about dead by daylight.
So, you know, don't, don't razz me too much for talking about this game in depth three
weeks in a row.
But I think it's more the dark soccer kind of over or kind of accommodated this you know,
thing that she's dealt with in first person games before to make it work because dead
by daylight and the story and the uniqueness of it has appealed to her that much.
I find that super fascinating, honestly, but absolutely.
But I also think that's part of why you're having an uphill climb Jamie, because I know
you were asking like, well, how did you do it so fast?
Well, I've played a crap ton of first person games.
I've played the halo.
I've played all this other stuff.
And I think inherently there's stuff with that, that you have to get used to on how
those games control and how they move.
And so you trying to navigate that and trying to make sure you don't get sick while playing
it.
I think you're going to have an even longer uphill climb.
You'll get there.
Practice makes perfect.
Right?
Yeah, well, and I, I mean, the thing is, is that I know that the game still for, for Killers
has a pretty decent curve on it anyway.
It does, especially since I'm starting with one of the harder characters when you have
to, you have to work your way up and level the characters that you can get more perks
and then the perks help you do better.
It does.
It has a steep climb.
She's tall.
I'm not used to tall.
Like I do better and now I and I'll get off the topic in a second.
I've done better with some of the faster characters like Legion and trickster.
They're fun.
I like the fast ones.
I mean, tricksters, even with his Buffy still not very good, but, um, I hate, I hate playing
Bubba.
I hate him and I'm going to have to level him for barbecue.
So yeah, it's just, I think that that's the thing is that I'm getting over characters.
I'm not having a lot of fun with to get to the stuff I'm going to have fun with.
Cause when I get to nurse, it's over, it's over for you host.
Oh, cause if someone can play nurse really well, just bend over and kiss your ass.
Goodbye.
All right.
Um, I do want to also mention, um, cause we've been talking about the, uh, you know, these
issues and pixel pocket says, thanks for the tips, Jamie.
Um, I try to get around, I try to get around motion sickness with windowed screen, large
F FOV field of vision.
Right.
Um, and recently got a 144 Hertz monitor and it's helped, but some games still cause it.
Yeah.
I I'll have the same problem.
Um, and the thing is the field of vision with, uh, in a dead by daylight is very, I guess,
human range.
Um, like when I'm playing a plague, Vami Mami, she's taller.
So her field of vision is different for me, but when I'm play somebody who's got a field
of vision, that's very similar to short little me, you know, it's easier.
I don't, I don't have as many problems with it.
Um, and there are, I think perks you can get that expand or add ons that expand your field
of view for your character.
Wraith has some.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, ding dong.
But anyway, um, I, I don't know, I I've, I've seen them in play and the standard FOV is,
is honestly better.
And then one other thing I want to point out is that, um, Bobby Black Wolf was kind of
speaking up to, to one other thing you've been kind of open about your aversions with
on the show.
And that is VR, which I, I don't think is anything against VR as it is, but that VR
kind of plays into a lot of the same things that have triggered sickness and first person
games if I'm not misstating these, but Bobby points out, and I think this is also interesting.
This is why VR devices are pushing for higher refresh rates.
The valve index now does 124 or excuse me, 120 Hertz.
So it's interesting to see that VR, that industry realizes this as well.
And they're trying to get to those higher refresh rates to maybe hopefully one day when,
when more people like you over, we'll see.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Interesting.
All right.
Uh, anyway, thank you for indulging my, uh, questions there.
And, uh, I will say, um, live here at the voice of geeks network, um, tonight after
the show, I believe you're gonna show, show some of your chops on some of my not chops.
So I think it's basically just going to be a giant puke fest with vami mommy.
So you're going to be streaming a little bit after OLR tonight.
So it'd be fun to watch.
Yeah.
And keep in mind, I don't normally like to stream after we do or do much of anything
after OLR because, um, I, I'm usually really tired after this show, but I'll switch off
my headphones and put on the, the desktop audio and I'll, I'll suck it up for y'all.
All right.
Sounds good.
All right.
Uh, Loki, thanks for waiting.
And how was your gaming week?
Uh, it was pretty much all the same.
So been all Minecraft all week long playing on that multiplayer server that I'm on now.
Still also trying to edit my video together.
I'm almost done with the first episode.
It just, um, I need to do more voiceovers because a lot of the stuff that recorded before
I didn't do voiceovers during, um, just because it's hard to do that, you know, in the area
that I am, um, so it's just a lot of voiceover recording and editing together for that.
But I am enjoying it.
I'm, uh, built some farms and have to open up a shop.
So I've got a lot more farms to make.
And then I've taken the week off this week to play a lot of that.
So it'll be a lot of Minecraft this week and then Orna, a little bit of Orna as well.
Uh, I haven't, I haven't, I gotta admit, I've completely fallen off the Orna wagon.
I haven't played in a month.
Easy.
It's just, I can only fit in so many of those games, right?
When I'm out and about and Orna's kind of got, I think Pokemon go kind of got my interest
enough again, where it's like an Ingress to an extent where Orna's kind of in the backseat.
I don't know how much longer the Ingress thing is going to last, but they're really trying
to push new stuff in that game to keep it interesting.
I'll talk about that in a second.
Um, so Orna's just kind of in the backseat for now.
Yeah.
I've been just trying to grind at that cause I'm still like one 84.
Like I can't level up.
It doesn't, it's, I don't know.
I like fight boss after boss.
I guess I should do more of the raid bosses, but like, I don't know.
It doesn't seem like I'm earning XP very fast.
Yeah.
It's, it's a grind.
It really is.
I just take over areas as I go places.
World bosses, world bosses are the fastest way to do it.
Drop, drop the coin, drop the end and try to drive around safely, pull over in parking
lots.
Okay.
And you know, hit every world boss you can in the parking lot, drive to another parking
lot, do it again.
And same, same.
Oh, I, I fight bosses all the time, but it's just nothing.
I mean, it just doesn't seem to be making a dent.
Yeah.
It's tough stuff.
All right.
Do, liberally run those coins and XP boosts because if, especially because you probably
have hundreds of them in your inventory, there's no need to do every time.
Every time I play for like any given amount of time, I will do that and I'll do the raids
and or the gauntlets.
Um, a lot of times I've been doing like the, uh, endless gauntlets and stuff to, you know,
earn some more stuff or I'll do the boss only ones.
Yep.
Um, it's just nothing.
It doesn't make a grind.
It's a grind.
All right.
Uh, so, okay, then if that's it for your gaming week, I'll talk about my gaming week, which
has, um, um, not a lot of new stuff this week.
I've been continuing on in Final Fantasy 14 a little bit, except all of my buddies who
play Final Fantasy 14 have kind of fallen off the wagon a little bit as they're, they're
playing other games.
So I really only get on, pardon me, to do like an expert or something a couple of times
and there's not a lot else for me to do.
Although I do need to run that new near raid again, I'll probably do it tomorrow, uh, run
them all to get my coins, to get upgrades.
Um, there's a big, uh, Final Fantasy 14 fan event coming up in a couple of weeks and they
just released the schedule for the fan event.
And man, this is where worldwide events stink because like the keynote, I think it's from
like eight to 10, but no, maybe it was earlier, but it was like six to eight Pacific, which
is fine.
But then the programming goes all night long.
And if you want to see the concert, guess when the concert airs two AM to three 50 Pacific
time, I'm not gonna be awake for that.
Nobody on the East coast is going to be awake for that unless you're a diehard Final Fantasy
fanning, 14 fanning to stay up all night.
So hopefully they let us watch that stuff on demand and I can see it later, but the
keynote's the most important part because that's where all the news will be.
So, um, Ooh, if they let us co-stream that again, maybe there'll be another, uh, reaction
thing we'll do here at VOG.
We'll see.
Um, Bob coffee and chat says it must be running on JST.
Absolutely.
I think they were going to, at one point, uh, invite a few fans to act and not like
a ton, but just a few to feel like, uh, you know, to, to safely fill a small room and
do the presentation, do everything that way.
I think don't quote me on this.
I think they've had to, or they are calling that off because unfortunately Japan is, uh,
regressing a little bit on the COVID thing.
So I don't think, um, that is all happening in person after all.
I think it's going to be similar to their event, um, a few weeks ago where it's going
to be a very awkward, empty room, but that's just what it is right now.
So you're laughing.
Loki.
What's a damn funny.
Nothing.
Okay.
Read some stuff.
All right.
That's fine.
I was like, COVID is not funny.
Don't laugh at that.
All right.
Okay.
Moving on.
Um, other things in my gaming week, um, I've also been playing the mobile games, uh, ingress
and Pokemon go, um, not a lot notable.
I was really irritated with that Pokemon go event yesterday because, um, Alan and I
have been looking at houses.
I haven't really made that a secret on the show is that we're looking to buy finally
after all these years, as is everyone in this area, did you know, this is the hottest real
estate market in the entire nation right now.
It's disgusting.
Um, so yeah, we have a, we have a lot to deal with right now.
Um, so, uh, but anyway, um, we, we've been doing all that.
And so, um, I, uh, missed like the first hour and a half of that Pokemon event on Saturday.
Um, thank God the collection event was really easy, uh, because I was able to finish it
after all, or I would have broken my perfect streak and I would have been really upset
about that.
So, um, just something to state there.
So, uh, yeah.
As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, yeah, the 11 AM to 2 PM was too short for that event.
It really was community days are six hours long.
Why wasn't it at least that long?
That was a little ridiculous to me.
I still been playing Ingress.
They've been doing events and that one too, like they're running a event right now for
like the week where they, they have changed one of the core game mechanics, which is very
interesting to me currently now in the game for the next week, you can throw a field under
an existing field, which probably doesn't make sense to people who don't play the game.
But um, part of it is you, you link point, you link pokey stops their version of it together
to make fields for your team's color.
And a core thing in the game is that links can't cross and you can't field under an existing
field.
You have to take the field down to field.
Um, and that's the, so one of those rules, they're changing up this week, so that's kind
of interesting.
Um, but also there's a huge boost in AP or experience.
Um, and so I've been trying to get like 30 minutes of exercise every day.
So I'll just go out, play that, do some like, I walked downtown the other day and just did
what I call micro fielding where you just, just hack all the portals, link, just try
to, you know, field very small areas of downtown and get tons of stuff that way.
And I was at the college campus the other day and I'll probably go somewhere else tomorrow,
uh, and, and keep up with that throughout the event.
So there's been that.
Um, and then, uh, the other thing I've been playing this week of course is dead by daylight,
but here's, here's the part where I'm sure y'all are going to laugh.
I bought dead by daylight on steam, even after I'd invested all that time in my Xbox one
version.
Finally, those things that came up last week where I'm like, I need to be able to turn
around quickly and use keyboard and mouse and all this stuff.
I finally broke down and bought it on PC on steam.
I had to have it that way.
Now before you, oh yes, oh God, I, I've felt my gameplay improved tremendously with the
monitor right in front of my face as opposed to the TV.
I'm seeing more the headphones, which I don't have for my Xbox one.
Um, I'm able to, um, hear more and that game is very important on sound cues.
I didn't realize, especially if you play spirit.
Oh my God.
Well, yeah.
And even just playing the killer, you've got to be able to hear the coughing and the, you
know, crying and stuff.
And, uh, I think for survivor to some point to, um, uh, sound is very important.
I'm really tempted to try to, to see if I can find Strider, um, to, to have teachable
soon, but just for that reason, that's one thing, one good thing about, about plague
is that you can hear people retching when you vomited on them.
Yeah.
So there, yeah, there's a lot of important sound stuff in the game.
Now, before you all give me crap about buying a game multiple times, ha ha, guess what?
This is the first time I've bought dead by daylight because Xbox game pass allowed me
to play it on Xbox one.
And I had played a little bit on windows game store.
I opted for steam because I was told, uh, and, uh, found out around the internet windows
game store never has sales.
Never.
So, um, I bought it on steam.
So, um, this is actually the first time I bought the game.
Unfortunately, the DLC is the stuff.
Thank you.
I thank God I didn't buy a lot of it.
Uh, and that, um, my, uh, my, my murder sister, dark Sakura kind of hooked me up with a lot
of it.
Um, so, um, it doesn't, it doesn't feel like as big a loss and someday they will implement
the cross purchase and I'll be able to get all the stats back, but we'll, uh, we'll see.
So, yeah, I know, um, actually for, for, uh, behavior's website, um, you, um, I don't know
if they have any kind of link through Xbox, but they do have a stadia and a steam link.
They do.
And it does not include windows store or anything else yet.
Although they say it's kind of sucks.
And to clarify, I'm sorry, DJ Roma S says the Microsoft store does have a lot of sales,
but they don't advertise it as well.
I'm sorry.
I may have misstated what I said.
Yes, that is true.
And the Xbox, uh, market front does a lot as well.
Um, specifically dead by daylight is, uh, you go on the Reddit and thing like that.
And people will say they never have sales on dead by daylight or the characters in the
windows store.
So, um, I just opted to get it on steam, whatever.
Um, cause steam was having also steam was having a half off sale on the game itself
anyway.
So that made me kind of pull the trigger on that.
So stadia is I think also having a sale though on the gold version of the game.
Oh, nice.
Like 36 bucks.
Yeah.
I, I did, I re-bought pyramid head because of course I think I will be a pyramid head
main when all is said and done.
And, uh, I did buy Bubba or leather face, which I didn't even have on Xbox one just
because I'm like, I need to get that perk and why not?
I'll have this killer in my repertoire.
Um, and I've been playing mostly Bubba.
Um, I, I don't like his talent at all.
Like I think the chainsaw thing is kind of crap.
It's nice for getting through pallets quickly.
But he is what a lot of the streamers would call an M1 killer.
Meaning you use your mouse, you use your mouse button one and that's about it.
So anyway.
All right, enough about that.
Let's get into some other gaming news and talk about what else is going on in the industry.
Uh, bonds double 06 is also pointing out the store have sales.
They don't promote it.
Well, if a tree falls in the woods and no one's around to hear it, does it really make
a sound?
I guess to use a, to use a very old antiquated analogy.
All right.
Uh, let's get into some other news space.
Can no one actually hear you scream?
All right, Loki.
So we talked about how Sony was planning on getting rid of the PlayStation three and Vita
storefronts, and that was making people upset, of course.
So thankfully Sony has decided that it's going to, uh, hold off on shutting those down.
So basically upon further reflection is clear that we made the wrong decision here.
So I'm happy to say we'll be keeping the PlayStation store, uh, operational for PlayStation
three and PlayStation Vita devices.
PSP commerce functionality will retire on July 2nd.
So sorry, PSP, but you know, all your batteries are probably bloated anyways, and none of
those devices work anymore, but at least the Vita and the PlayStation three though,
those would be, uh, prolonged.
A lot of the PSP content is on the Vita store.
Am I correct in that?
Like, cause yeah, cause you can get those, you can get the PSP games for the Vita.
So I have a digital version of that final fantasy four PSP, which is the greatest version
of that game that I bought on the Vita marketplace because it went on sale at some point for
like 14 bucks or something.
So I bought it like years ago.
So the Vita still has a lot of the PSP content.
And I think that's why you're not hearing this little footnote as much.
Plus maybe people are just a little more willing to let the PSP go because how old is that
thing now?
Like 14 years old, probably.
It's pretty old.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, um, too bad.
You know, I really wish they would do another handheld.
I know.
Right.
It wasn't so bad.
Like Vita was trying to do some things that it probably didn't need to do.
Like the back touch panel.
Really?
I don't think we really needed that.
But like it, it was solid.
I thought the Vita just had some weird shit.
The V that's what I did.
The Vita had some weird shit.
It was the, not just the back touch panel, but things like near like no one could, I
think to this day, you still can't explain how that actually worked.
Whereas Nintendo did a much better job explaining street pass and those types of things.
And especially with how big portable gaming is in Japan, which is only further approved
by how hot cakes the switches over there.
I am really surprised Sony's never tried to do another handheld and I'm surprised they
gave up on the Vita as fast as they did, at least here in the US.
That was just kind of, I don't know.
But I suppose, you know, this is, this is a topic that, you know, is five years old
at this point.
Um, it's, it's, it is what it is.
Are we surprised though that Sony reversed course?
I have to admit, I'm a little surprised they reverse course.
And I'm not, I know this sounds weird.
I'm not exactly sure why they did it.
Like, here's the crazy thing.
And I know you're probably, you, you are probably all going, Rob, didn't you just last week
talk about like the backwards compatibility and how, yes.
And that is all still true.
And I can still believe that and still sit here and say, I'm kind of surprised Sony backtracked
because I'm not sure there's a ton, a ton of people who are going to log into their
PlayStation three and Vita's and stuff and start going on a downloading binge and celebration.
They might, I don't know what I, and I want to make probably should, I've got like a 500
gigabyte hard drive in that.
So I should, I should probably fill it up.
And, and I want to make my stance clear.
I, it, I, I, I, I, and I'm sure it's great that the stores are staying open so that this
PlayStation one content and two content and all that stuff is accessible and playable.
That is all great.
What do I really want?
I want that to be playable on PlayStation five.
I want my library to go to PlayStation five.
That, that, and that is really, you know, and if maybe Sony can cross that bridge, then
they can safely probably close these old stores and, you know, they, they won't have quite
the same, you know, uh, pushback.
If I can play sweet code and one and two on my PlayStation five now, then I don't have
to worry about the PlayStation three version.
That makes sense.
That's where that really comes down to.
So, um, let's see.
SG100 Matt points out the Vita was just getting into doing some good remote play, which would
have been cool in this era.
Absolutely.
I, the, how quickly Sony abandoned the Vita TV thing blows my mind.
Absolutely blows my mind how fast they abandoned that PlayStation TV.
I wish I knew where mine was.
I have one somewhere.
I just don't know where it is.
I honestly, if they're going to keep these stores open, Sony should really consider putting
that back out.
I know that sounds ridiculous, but you know, with, with the Chrome cast, the Apple TVs,
the Roku's and all this stuff of the world, there is a place for, there's a place for
PlayStation TV in there.
I don't get it.
I don't, but that was the time to jailbreak those systems too.
I guess not that that's what Sony, not that that is going to be incentive for Sony to
put those back out, but you know, I, I, it just blows my mind.
They could have done a classic thing for PlayStation one on a Vita TV for it.
Anyway, it's just not going to make sense.
Well, let's talk about PlayStation decisions that I think do make a little more sense because
I feel like this one came up on the show previously.
And it's something being tested called the PlayStation plus video pass.
Apparently this was posted on Sony's website, but it was posted in another country.
I think it was, was it the, this particular story I'm looking at?
Doesn't say where.
So I really looked at the wrong story here, but I believe it was the Polish store.
Yes, thank you.
Okay.
It was the Polish store that said, um, a new benefit is available for a limited time on
PlayStation plus PlayStation plus video pass is a trial service that will be active.
Uh, and it was really quick, I think for, for a year.
So April 22nd, 2021 through 2022, this is a benefit available to PlayStation plus users
in Poland.
Now Sony interactive entertainment did confirm.
This is something they're testing in Poland.
So this is not a rumor at this point when this was first reported.
This was a rumor leaked website.
No, Sony has confirmed it.
Um, this will allow PlayStation four and PlayStation five users in Poland, which is their test
market to access over 20 movie and television shows from Sony pictures as part of PlayStation
plus subscriptions with more content that they're going to add every three months.
And if you actually look at a screenshot from the Polish website for PlayStation, you see
zombie land, double tap venom, you know, and other things that are related to Sony.
Uh, so a way to, um, I guess increase, uh, the, the value of being a PlayStation plus
member.
And to this, I say this makes an awful lot of sense.
In fact, I, I, so correct me if I'm wrong.
Didn't we bring this up on the show a few months ago about how could Sony compete more
with game pass?
And I swear I said, or one of us said, Sony is also a movie company.
Why aren't they leveraging that?
Well, guess what?
Here that plan apparently was in the works and here they are, they are leveraging that
side of things.
Now, let me ask this question.
Does it matter?
I asked that to our chatters over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
I asked that to my cohost.
How does free movies from Sony entertainment?
Does that sweeten the pot a little bit?
Loki, let's start with, you know, not really because, and it's just because I have so many
streaming services I subscribed to already.
Like for example, venom is supposed to be on a dizzy plus here pretty soon.
Um, it's nice to have something else in there though.
Like it would be cool.
Like if they just said, Hey, you get, you know, these two games for the month of like
may and you get this movie, you know, added to your library and you get an increasingly
large library of movies and games, then yes, that would seem like it's sweetening the pot,
but also at the same time, I don't really care because I, there's not anything that
like, I need to go back and see what they need to do is they just need to offer this
stuff so that it's more like, they need the, they need to drop the price of those movies
down, um, to the point where it's just kind of like a, you know, impulse buy.
And so people can build libraries like they have on steam where it's just like these large
libraries of things that no one plays, but then you can acquire all these movies as well.
Um, that might be cool.
Okay.
Uh, looking in chat as some responses there, and then I'll ask dark soccer.
Um, so, uh, bonds double six is talking about you're right with their music, film and games,
crunchy roll and funimation bundle it into the monthly sub.
You can go from playing a game to anime on the same system and so forth.
Pele Hanumea says could be cool.
Uh, DJ Rama S is also bringing up the anime streaming services.
It could sweeten the pot, but meh.
Uh, act deaf says more bang for your buck.
Uh, SJ100 Matt pointing out that Sony and Disney has that, have that new deal for Spider-Man
and other Marvel to be shared on their respective services.
That was a thing that just came up this week.
And you got to wonder, is there something with the timing there?
Hmm.
Uh, Quest Buster says, I guess we'll see if it matters in a year if they stick to it.
That's how long they will be testing this in Poland.
Um, I, I, I feel like the test is actually a lot shorter than that.
Yeah, I read the website.
I saw what it said.
I feel like if this is going to happen, we're going to hear about it at E3.
Well, Sony doesn't do E3, but you guys know what I mean.
That time frame, whatever Sony's E3 equivalent is, we're going to hear more about this if
they plan to expand it beyond Poland.
And I think they will.
Why wouldn't they?
It maybe it's a technical thing.
Maybe that's what they're kind of also testing in Poland.
I don't know.
Um, but I really feel like they will.
Um, Bonds 006 also elaborates saying Sony is sitting, Sony is sitting on film, TV shows,
music games, and anime.
Bundle it into the current sub they have.
PlayStation Plus price it less than Microsoft.
DJ Rama is suggesting they call it the Sony pass.
SSJ100 Matt says, I think the pandemic spread this process up.
Quest Buster says the E3 bombshell is prepping.
I don't know if I call this a bombshell.
It's a bombshell if there's more to it that makes it more competitive with game pass.
Like maybe there's another side of this we're not seeing yet.
And those rumors that Sony is cooking up something to really compete with game pass.
I'm not talking about PlayStation now, but to really compete with it on that same level.
If that all drops at once, then that's a bombshell in my opinion.
But the movies in PlayStation Plus is just kind of a, oh, neat.
I don't know if I call that a bombshell.
I'd call that a firework.
It's pretty dark soccer.
I wanted to get your opinion.
Do movies sweeten the pot of these game subscription services like PlayStation Plus?
You're muted, by the way.
Dark soccer.
I can't hear you.
Sorry.
And she's fixing that crap.
That's okay.
Hi.
I was like, yeah, it's neat.
I don't really feel one way or another about it.
It's still not a service I'm using, but it could attract some people.
There's always that.
And if it attracts them, then happy.
I would rather see a big package service come in, just like some of the others are saying.
So something that invokes the music and the anime and all that as well.
Exactly.
That would be a little more like, that makes me think of something like Apple's thing.
Is it Apple Plus?
Apple one.
That's it.
They bundle it like it's, it's the fitness and the music and the news and all that all
in one for like a pretty low price.
All things considered when you look at everything individually.
So like if Sony were to make a similar move with a Sony one or I don't know what, you
know what I mean?
Whatever they call it.
That would be very interesting.
I think.
Yeah, no, I, I honestly, I seem to really like having those combination bundles like
that, especially if you're giving it, especially something in there, something that people
are going to use, you can really, you know, people would get a lot of value out of it
if it's got those multiple services, but still, you know, I'm also a fan of having like an
individual thing you can subscribe to.
Like if you just want the movies, you just want this so that you're not roped into paying
for a big thing with only what, you know, that has one out of three services you're
going to use.
Right.
Yeah.
All right.
Great.
Looking one more comment here from Bonds006 in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
Sony can leverage the US market by bringing over the content that was marketed to Asia,
India, China, Japan, et cetera.
It can go from games, anime, Bollywood, music, films, TV show.
The anime audience is very much tied to games.
That's a really good thought is that making maybe foreign content more accessible because
you're right, there's absolutely an audience that would love to have like a more robust
like Bollywood film library or, you know, movies from the like China and other countries
in Asia, those places you mentioned.
I think that would really appeal to some people.
Some people might see that as a niche thing, but I think that's great.
You know, there's probably a lot of crossover between like gamers, you know, and folks that
would be into some of that more independent and foreign film.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
All right.
We'll see what Sony really does.
I mean, we can sit here and go, wouldn't this be great with licensing cost?
How's it going to get paid for?
Right.
Movies don't make themselves.
So anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
You've got a really timely and interesting thing.
Science story, huh?
Yeah.
When I saw it, I thought it was very, very interesting.
There are clinical trial plans for clinical trials to go on to see a video game therapy
can help with adults who are suffering from COVID related brain fog.
And we know what this condition is.
It's the best way to describe it.
It's just this confusion and general malaise of the mind of attention, you know?
And it's very similar to the therapies that have been used for ADHD treatment in the past.
Um, but yeah, there are people who have, uh,
who've recovered from COVID who have this residual cognitive and functional, uh, difficulty.
So the trial is being conducted by, uh, Weill Cornell medicine.
Um, also with a Vanderbilt university medical center, um, to see how effective, uh, a game,
uh, called, uh, AKL T zero one, um, on will help patients recover from, uh, this brain fog.
Um, they're going to include a hundred patients over the age of 18 who have shown cognitive
impairment, um, in at least, uh, one measure of attention and executive function.
Um, half will receive treatment.
Half will, will be a control group.
Um, they are set, they're going to be completing five missions a day,
five days a week, and it's about 25 minutes of, uh, game, uh, of gameplay every day.
And it will go on for six weeks with four weeks of post-treatment followup.
Um, so I think it's pretty, pretty interesting, you know, and I have to say that this brain fog
that people are exhibiting after, uh, COVID, uh, infection is very, very similar to what people
like me who have ME, um, experience, you know, just with our everyday fatigue.
Um, it's just really fascinating.
I thought the, um, ADHD, uh, parallel was very interesting too, because I've,
I've heard a lot of that defined, defined as brain fog too.
I would still, honestly, I kind of would put it a little bit more just from the people I've
talked to you who are dealing with it more along the lines of what I have, um, myalgic
encephalomyelitis, myelitis, sorry, I always mispronounce that part, um, or chronic fatigue
syndrome, where it's not always necessarily a matter of being able to pay attention.
It's being fogged out of it, you know, like you're too tired to focus on anything.
Yeah. You know, um, these, uh, these long haul kinds of symptoms, this is really going to be
interesting to see how, you know, we, we've got the vaccines now and hopefully we're on our way
to vastly minimizing COVID. I think it would be, um, a little bit too silly to say something like
eradicating COVID. That's not something, yeah, unless you can somehow get the entire planet to
take a vaccine at the same time. I don't think it's going to go away.
So let's also be real. We've already had one mutation of it. Yeah. Sorry. Two mutations.
Oh, more than that. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, there's two, there's two more active strains
out there right now. But my, my point is, is that, you know, even if we get COVID to a manageable
level where it really is like a seasonal flu, let's say, you know, and we're dealing with it
in similar capacities, we're not having to shut things down because we have a way to kind of get
it. I think it's going to be interesting to see kind of the shift turn to how we deal with some
of these long haul systems and really treating COVID. There's been a lot of talks about
preventing COVID, but we haven't talked a lot about treating COVID and surely scientists are
working on that. And they've been working on it since the very beginning. And that's where you
had the talks about, you know, that, that drug that, you know, who was saying was the miracle
drug and no, but that whole discussion came out of, you know, the, you know, the, you know,
but that whole discussion came from treating COVID and how do you do that? And there's going to be
more talk like that in the future too. So I just think that's interesting. And also, you know,
not just a miracle drug, but therapeutic, you know, a therapeutic kind of treatment like you
might have for somebody who has a physical accident or a stroke or something that involves,
you know, physical rehabilitation. I think that's very interesting that that is something that
they're kind of talking about with COVID. That's what this is. It's this video game therapy is
a type of physical rehabilitation. It really is. It's brain training. I mean,
really is what this is brain training. Yeah. So very interesting. Very, very interesting.
All right. DJ Rama S in chat says, and more people are going out because of the vaccines.
Slow down people. Yeah. You got to. Yeah. I mean, today I will, today you got to wear your masks.
You still have to minimize content. Today is my full 5g activation day. Yay. It's been two weeks
since the second shot, but, um, you're not going to see me running to a crowded bar anytime soon.
And when I'm not, I ain't ready for that yet. Um, but I've already, I will, I will like to
see my other vaccinated friends as their 5g fully activates and give them a big hug. And that I,
that I will be able to do, and that will feel good. Well, and I've just, you know, like for
my, my, uh, charity group for the sisters, I've been flat out two weeks. I'm not going to have
the meeting with you all for another two weeks. And that's if everybody at that meeting is
vaccinated. And I still, I know I mentioned on the last show, right? Allen got scheduled for
a shot. So Allen got his first shot this week. So he, he got to join team Pfizer with dark Sakura.
So I don't know how that worked out, but, uh, that we have different vaccines in the same household,
but whatever he took, he took what they gave him. So that's that. So the countdown is on for that.
All right. Anyway, um, let's move on. Let's talk about, uh, our next story,
which I believe is Loki's. So Microsoft is, um, went ahead and added that FPS boost
to a few more games now. So a lot of these are EA, well, it's actually as to say all EA titles. Um,
so now there's about, it looks like 12 new titles that are supporting 120 Hertz.
So battlefield for Titan fall, Titan fall to battlefront battlefront two plants versus
zombies, garden warfare and garden warfare two, as well as a battle for the neighbor Ville, um,
battlefield one battlefield five mirrors edge catalysts and unraveled two. And then for CS
solitude, they added 60 Hertz support as well. And that's on the series X and S. So, uh, that's
a pretty nice enhancement for those titles. Yeah. Uh, I wonder if that had kind of a priority
because they have that agreement with game pass and everything where EA play as a part of game
pass. Yeah, I bet. I bet that plays anyway. Yeah. So, and, and we just talked earlier in the show
about how increased frame rate, especially for a lot of the type of games that EA likes to make
can be very helpful for some people. I'm assuming that a lot of that all probably got, uh, upgraded
because it isn't like everything they have run on frostbite anyways. So like making enhancement
for one to run at 120 Hertz and you probably apply it to everything kind of like how they did
with like backwards compatibility. You get one game to work with that and you can get a bunch
of other ones to work. So maybe that was the, you know, maybe that's why, I don't know if everything
runs on prospect, but I know a lot of their games run on frostbite. Oh, so it's kind of like they,
they made the engine work better essentially. Yeah. I mean, that's why I would think, but
no, it makes a lot of sense for Andromeda. Yeah. Right. And I was thinking Mass Effect as well,
but they probably don't want to take Andromeda is one thing, but they probably don't want to
take away from that remaster coming out. They don't want to be like, Oh, we improved Mass Effect
one, two, and three. So don't worry about that remaster. No, no, no, no, no. They want your
money. They're doing it on, um, on unreal though. Yeah. Um, I think so. I think it's whatever the
old games used. It is. Yeah. So, um, yeah, you're right. They switched to frostbite with, uh,
Andromeda. So that's kind of a different thing, I think so. Yeah. But also a lot of those games that
Loki mentioned kind of date back to the three 60 era. And I think with, um, you know, Andromeda
being a little newer from the Xbox one era, it probably already runs pretty well. And there's
not a lot that they can do to it. So there's that. All right. Well, I'll have to check out some of
those games. I've been meaning to go back and play garden warfare again. That one's kind of fun.
All right. Moving on. Let's talk about, um, this, uh, interesting development in, uh, some former
folks that used to be with bungee studios. Uh, of course, you know, bungee is the team that made
halo back in the day. Uh, destiny is a big thing that they're working on. Well, uh, firewalk studios
is a company that's made up of, uh, or I should say the founders of firewalk studio worked on
destiny previously. And it was announced this week that Sony interactive entertainment has picked up
the rights to an upcoming game from this studio. Of course, we don't know what it is because this
studio hasn't announced anything yet, but this sure seems timed well for June, doesn't it.
And an announcement there. Hmm. Anyway, there was a PlayStation blog post and in the blog post,
Tony Sue, uh, from firewalk studio, the head of that says for our team, the opportunity to create
new worlds and inspire more amazing moments for players around the world is the fire and ambition
that keeps us going. The PlayStation team has a deep love and respect for the medium of games
and some of the best expertise and capabilities in the world to help make big ambitions a reality.
Obviously we have no idea what they're working on. You could assume it's a destiny like game,
but then again, you know, take a look at Halo and then take a look at destiny and kind of like how
those games like destiny kind of has some of the, like, yes, they're both first person shooters,
but they're very different and how they work. So it'd be very interesting to see kind of like
what that evolution continues to, uh, with firewalk studios. And of course we're even
assuming it will continue to be a first person shooter. I think it's a safe bet. I don't suddenly,
Oh, they're going to do an RPG. I, well, destiny has RPG ish elements. Who knows anything's
possible, I guess, but I would expect it's going to rely a bit on, uh, probably some of their past
expertise. Anyway, the studio was formed in 2018. So they've been working on something for a little
while. Um, let's see, uh, uh, Sue is the lead of this. Uh, he was the general manager and
senior vice president of destiny, uh, over at Activision, uh, Riley, Ryan, Eli, uh, if I'm
saying that right, maybe Eli, sorry for the butchering of the name. There is a game director
and was a former bungee creative director, executive producer, Elena Siegman, uh, was
a producer on guitar hero two and Bioshock infinite. And then destiny as well. That's
quite the diverse resume, isn't it? That's it. Yeah. The cast on that one's pretty impressive.
Yeah. So that's, uh, that's pretty cool. So anyway, other people at the studio have worked
on things like call of duty, apex legends, mass effect. Apparently they have some folks from there
and halo. So we'll see what they come up with. That could be very interesting. I'm hoping,
I'm hoping for, uh, the executive producer there to bring some of her guitar,
guitar hero to influence. How about a music based destiny game? I'd be into that.
Uh, I still never got into destiny. So it's, it's not bad. Like, uh, you know,
so I know that's a really whack, uh, recommendation. I don't play a lot of first person shooters. I do
get into halo once in a while. Um, there's obviously, you know, dead by daylight, but
that's not a shooter, you know, I don't get into a lot of the shooter. Yeah. Yeah. I don't get,
unless you play gunslinger. I don't get into a lot of those. I don't get into a harpoon,
but you know what I mean? I don't get into a lot of those first person shooter games,
but well, I liked overwatch. That's a first person sorta it's, but again, overwatch is
really different because there's so many, like you, not everybody actually shoots in that game.
If you're playing somebody with a sword or, you know, healing with a, like a Lucio or
was Mass Effect multiplayer third person or first person.
It was that same over the shoulder that the rest of the game was.
Okay. Okay. I couldn't remember for a moment, but I was like,
I was just trying to think yet. Didn't I play other first person? Yeah.
Yeah. So, Oh yeah, that's true. Sorry. Act says Lucio still shoots. That's right. There's the
little gun that, but I think of the healing bubbles and things, but anyway, you guys know
what I mean? I don't get into a lot of those games, but destiny for one, it's really pretty
now that it's on a series X and I'm sure the PlayStation five version is the same thing.
They're both very pretty. I'm sure. Um, and it's, I like it because it does have the light RPG
elements in it. It doesn't feel like you're just shooty, shooty, bang, bang, kill them all, kill
them all. There's quests to do. There's goals to work towards. There's, I like the idea, the
concept of raids in a first person shooter, where you're basically going in into an instance thing
with other people and they made it a very PVE experience. I think that's probably the best
accolade I could give destiny is that if you don't like first person shooters because of PVP
elements, destiny did a really good job making a PVE first person game. The PVP stuff is there too,
but the PVE is pretty, pretty top notch in that game. So that's what I would say about destiny.
All right. Anyhow, um, let's, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm loving active salty commentary on
Overwatch. Uh, Brigitte used to heal. Now she does nothing with all those nerves she got. I see.
All right. Uh, moving on, let's get to our next story. Um, oh, this one's an interesting, uh,
game thing, dark soccer, another kind of entry story that I think is interesting.
For sure. Um, so this actually goes a lot into, um, I would say intellectual property rights.
Um, and indeed I did find this on a report about intellectual property. Um, there is, uh,
argument now on the use of tattoos in video games. Um, there was a, uh, decision that was made
regarding a professional wrestlers tattoos in, um, a video game in one of the, the take to,
uh, WWE 2k, uh, games. So basically, um, the wrestler in question is Randy Orton and he's
got tattoos that were done by Catherine Alexander. Um, she had inked those, uh,
six different ones, um, on him, uh, between 2002 and 2008. Um, so he licensed his likeness,
uh, to be used in the game, but she was arguing that, uh, because her artwork wasn't licensed
to be used in the game, uh, that they had violated, uh, copyright that they had used her,
uh, basically copyright infringement, um, with using unauthorized, uh, uh, artwork with an implied
license. Um, well basically, and that is what take two is, is moved for summary judgment. Um,
again, that they were authorized to use it by an implied license and that they were using it under
fair use. Um, and that, uh, it constitutes a de minimus part of, uh, WWE 2k. Um, so yeah,
they had a big, uh, argument over it, um, in court. Um, so with, um, the implied license,
the court found that two parts of that were satisfied partially due to conflicting testimony
about agreement to forms, copywriting the tattoo. Um, they ruled that that should be heard by a
jury. Um, the second defense, the four factors that were necessary to establish fair use is that
the purpose and character of the use of the nature of the copyrighted work, the mountain
sustainability of the plaintiff's work and the effect of, uh, of the market of the copyrighted
work. Um, and so basically, uh, they found that take two did not meet the standard, uh,
necessary requirements. And then finally, um, they argued that the, the use of tattoos were,
uh, de de minimus, which, um, what de minimus means, uh, it's actually short for a de minimus
non current Lex, which is the law does not concern itself with trifles, meaning that it
serious. And it is legal term. No, I know it's funny. Yeah. Maybe I should just like,
have that tattooed on me. Um, anyway, um, so, um, the, uh, they were unsuccessful in arguing that
because it was an open question as to whether the seventh circuit recognized de minimus as a valid
defense. And even so, uh, they couldn't see that take two met the standard. So the court's decision
was to deny the defense's motion for summary judgment effectively, uh, which effectively
means that anyone with a tattoo does not control all use of their likeness. So this is going to be
going to jury. Interesting. You know, and I, I can kind of see it both ways. I really can because,
you know, I, I kind of get like, if it was her original artwork that she, you know,
did specifically for him and now he's out basically reselling it and, you know, having
any games and stuff, then I kind of get that. But at the same time, like the dude's on TV,
he's a wrestler. I'm sure, you know, a lot of wrestlers end up going to star in movies.
If he's in a movie and that tattoo is visible in the movie, does she get money? I don't think
that's how it works. Yeah. So it's, it's, but it's fascinating to me. I, and I, I feel like
this is something that needs to be established in the tattoo artist who they're tattooing
relationship from the get go. And I think because of this case, you may see like this have
repercussions for anyone who gets a tattoo. I think it could be very interesting. Brought
up a point that I was going to is that I look at it as it's technically commissioned to work.
When like me as a graphic designer, if someone commissioned my work or my services,
you know, Hey, I would like you to design this banner for my website. The moment I have
delivered the artwork, it becomes their property. It is no longer my, I can use my,
I can use it in my portfolio. You know, I can certainly use it, but I can't put my name on it.
You know, whereas if someone commissioned a painting from me and I painted it, then yeah,
I reckon that would be kind of a gray area. You know, that if they were gonna say film in their
house and my artwork was there, then I may ask for, you know, a little something because
my artwork was seen because as I like to say, artists die of exposure.
But at the same time, you know, I would put this right in the range of commissioned work.
When you make that commission and you part ways with that commission,
that commission is no longer yours. You can put it in your portfolio and tattoo it on other people
unless someone else designed that tattoo that you did. Like for example, if I designed a tattoo
and I went and had someone put it on, you know, put that on my body, they cannot go and put it
on somebody else without paying me for it. That's how it works.
What would you say would happen if this wrestler tried to sell the NFT of his tattoo?
I'm just kidding. Don't answer that. All right.
Oh, I mean, actually, I'll be honest in that case, if he had like a scan of it or something,
uh huh. He can't sell that.
Okay. Yeah. I think this whole thing is legit. Like jokes, cheap jokes about things that are
big in pop culture right now aside, I think it's interesting about the precedent this could
actually set again, like for, you know, um, because there's a lot of tattoo artists who
are going to be looking at this, I'm sure. And probably never thought about that question
because not everyone is necessarily a tattoo artist to the stars, so to speak.
But I'm sure there's a lot of tattoo artists going, what if I did tattoo someone famous,
like what would happen there where everybody's seeing, you know, what I did. So I think it's
going to be very interesting to see what the ramifications of that end up being.
What I see is going to happen actually, is that I think that there are going to be, um,
when you go to be professionally tattooed, that there's going to be, um, a license paperwork
drawn up. You know, and now that I'm sitting here thinking about it, you know, because I always kind
of go like, well, why are games being treated different than movies? And, and as I'm sitting
here thinking about it, as you're kind of explaining a lot of these things, I think
what it really comes down to is that in a movie or whatever you're filming it in a TV show, you're
filming it, you got a camera at it. And this is a recreation. Bingo. It's a recreation. It's tracing.
You are, you're, you're, you're tracing the tattoo. You know what I mean though? You're basically,
you're recreating it. You're making a copy of it. And that's where the very interesting dilemma lies.
But it could also be considered derivative work. Yeah. You know, there's also other things under,
I think another, they wouldn't have a creative common license on it, but there are like other
rules, like having something be more than 50% changed in artwork, for example. Um, but I,
I could imagine being a tattoo artist who wants their name out there better, who wants their
work protected. I understand it from the artist's point of view, certainly as an artist myself,
but I also understand that when the product has left my hand, it belongs to the body that
it's on. It doesn't belong off of that body. They can't recreate it themselves to sell it.
And so that's, I think, where that murky ground is. I think that I wouldn't be,
I don't know. Yeah. Um, let me get some other comments. That is a little bit murky.
See a Tiberian chat says, has a tattoo artist done other celebrities? Well, I'm sure there's
plenty of celebrities that have had tattoos. Um, has this person also run into other issues
before? I think what's happening here is that this is a case where the realism of video games
is starting to bring up these issues. You know, think about this is a relatively new
This is a relatively newer thing because when we were recreating wrestlers on the Nintendo,
on the Super Nintendo, hell, even the PlayStation and kind of the PlayStation 2,
the graphical fidelity to recreate the tattoos with such precision and such specificity or
whatever specificness didn't, didn't really exist. The tattoo was a pixel. Precision. That's
a good way to put it. Thank you. Now that we're talking about PlayStation 4 and 5 and lifelike
stuff, I think this, this is why this is coming up now for the first time. It's just interesting.
Act Defton chat says, let's say that if it were like all the fan made work you see at
artists alleys and conventions, we know it's not legal, but we just ignore it and support the
artist. That is very true. Um, that is, well, and here's the thing you have to keep in mind with all
that. If you, if that's your business, you know, cool. And yes, we want to support artists and all
that stuff. Um, but you have to realize if Blizzard wanted to shut down your Overwatch art,
if, or your Warcraft art, or if, um, you know, whatever it is, whatever your fandom is,
if they wanted to come in and shut that down, they can. So in a sense, you're living on borrowed time
whenever you're incorporating someone else's trademark or copyright, you're right. Most
companies let it slip under the radar because it's just, it's, it's too expensive to chase.
It doesn't make them look good. This is a case where for the bigger companies exposure, you know,
would Overwatch be able to do something like the Overwatch league without the huge fandom that it
has. And what's a part of that fandom fan art, right? So I think these companies very carefully
have to weigh something like that, but look at a company like Disney to Disney's incredibly,
incredibly litigious, but usually if it's something, you know, under the table, again,
they're not going to go after a lot of, uh, uh, personal creators and stuff, but they might,
and you kind of always have to live with that in the back of your mind, just like most of us that
stream on Twitch, you know, what we do here at VOG is a little different because it's pretty much,
you know, it's us on camera and all that stuff, but there may come a day for, for things like,
let's say dark soccer streaming dead by daylight. There may come a day where behavior comes in and
says, you know what? We want the money. And that's, that's a whole, and that thing's been bubbling
under for a long time, by the way, that specific example, I believe behavior has openly said,
we don't care if you stream it, you know, in that whole thing. But my example of we're living on
borrowed time and all that is I think still relevant. So anyway, um, Amethyst Rose, which
points out fan art is to a point free advertising. Yeah. Yes. But it is, we are kind of saying,
as I said, it's, it's exposure, but it's, it's the inverse because it's now you're trying to
support the indie artist, but the big company, they're not going to miss it type of thing.
So it's, it's, it's interesting. And I want to be clear. I've bought fan art at stuff. I,
I like it as gifts. Like when, um, when Alan was super into Overwatch, I bought him some posters.
I think I picked him up at magfest actually that I thought were really cute. Um, and so, you know,
I, I love fan art and stuff. I don't want to see that change, but I'm just saying
these sorts of legal questions. It kind of brings up all these questions about
we might be on borrowed time y'all. Anyway, let's move on to something a little more timeless and
talk about retro consoles. Loki. Yeah, this is pretty cool. So, uh, Evercade has been around
for a while. It's like this handheld device that plays these cartridges with collections of
different retro games. And some indie games, actually, they actually have one that has a
bunch of nest maker, any S games in there. So it's pretty cool to kind of, it covers everything.
Well, now they're actually doing this new system called the Evercade vs, which is going to be
basically taking this portable console and making it into like a home console.
So the difference here is that there's going to be two cartridge slots. So now you can have two
different cartridges loaded in at a time to select games from they're going to have support
up to four controllers and, um, also wifi and 10 AP support as well for your TV. And it's supposed
to be coming out later this year to around November for, I think a hundred dollars, not
certain about the price on that. Uh, yeah, a hundred dollars. So that's actually about the
same price as their handheld was with a few games thrown in, but it's pretty cool. They've got like
lots of collections from like Atari and Amco, Data East, all sorts of things. So, um, it's
interesting. I don't know if I'm picking it up, but it's definitely, you know, along the lines of
like, if you're, you know, looking at console, say kind of like the Amico or something like that,
that's playing, you know, more of this couch co-op stuff. You're going to get a lot of that
from the Evercade as well. Hmm. That's uh, it sounds like a lot of fun. I like the,
I like the homebrew stuff kind of built into it a little bit there. Loki, is that a way to get more
copies of a pixel poops out there? You got to get team up one of these consoles. Totally do that.
If they wanted to put it on one of those things. I know for example, there's a one cartridge that
has, it does have a few different, um, NES home brew stuff. So there's a flea. I know it's one of
the games that's made with nest maker. That's in there. There's also the, I'm trying to think of
the name now. I have it on itch too. Um, it's basically with a doodle world is another one
that they have on there. And I think there was a couple other NES maker games that were part of
that. And it was, uh, the, I'm trying to think of the actual collection. It's like something
Indies collection that they had, but, um, there's like four games on one cartridge. That's pretty
cool. So yeah, I mean, sure. I will put it on one of those collections in a heartbeat.
The question, I don't think anyone's going to ask for that. I was going to say there's
probably as many people listening to this podcast as bought your game. So, uh, don't
hold your breath that Evercade is listening. Yeah, I'm not holding any breath whatsoever,
but like, yeah, absolutely. We love all 12 of you who listen. We really do hugs and kisses.
All right. Um, pixel pocket is talking about Evercade and chat saying the Evercade portable
is pretty fun. I like that their carts always come with five games minimum. There's a mega cat
studios cart that has various home brew games. There's also like indie heroes collection.
I think that does sound pretty good. I think we reported on this one that they had. Yeah.
I think we reported this on this once and I kind of, it kind of fell off my radar,
but I think that I love that concept of we're still making cartridges in a new way with the
retro stuff. I think that's pretty rad actually. Yeah. And then they've got all sorts of like
things in there. There's, um, I'm trying to see the one that they had to actually had all those
cool, uh, home brew games. So I think it was, yeah, it was the indie heroes one. So that's
the one that has flea. Uh, I believe doodle world's in there. Um, I don't recognize the
other games, but I know there's like at least three or four, uh, nest maker games in there.
Plus they've got a collection from code masters. Uh, the Atari link stuff is in there. Um,
lots of cool stuff. So yeah, I, I, they have like, I think like 280 games on the system right now.
So it's, it's definitely, um, interesting. Okay, cool. All right. Uh, let's move on.
We've talked about blizzard a lot. Maybe they've been on my mind because I knew this story was
coming and this has to do with a pretty big personality over at blizzard leaving the company.
Uh, this is not the first time we've had a story like this in the past few months, uh,
when it comes to blizzard. However, uh, Jeff Kaplan, who is a very well known, if you,
if you've seen his face, you probably go, Oh, that's the guy that is always talking about
overwatch. Well, yes, it's because he is the director of overwatch. He's been with blizzard
for almost two decades. That's 19 years. Uh, and he announced this week he is leaving blizzard
saying, quote, it was truly the honor of a lifetime to have the opportunity to create
worlds and heroes for such a passionate audience. Uh, if you want to read his full goodbye note,
it is available at play over watch.com. Uh, Aaron Keller will be taking over for Jeff Kaplan.
He is also been with blizzard for quite a long time. Uh, they both worked on world of
warcraft prior. Uh, and in a statement, Aaron Keller said, Jeff's been a great leader, mentor,
and friend, and he knows how much we're going to miss him. I've been lucky to work alongside him
and the rest of the overwatch team for many years in building something that continues to inspire
people all around the world. And I'm honored to carry the torch for forward. Um, of course,
some folks in the overwatch community expressing some concern because you know, overwatch to
overwatch itself, hasn't had a lot of updates recently, um, because you know,
they're prepping for number two and they've already done a lot of, uh, uh, updates to the
base game. Uh, but overwatch two, we know is not coming out in 2021. And so obviously this timing
is a little bit, um, concerning to some people. I don't know so much about that because Diablo
three went through so many, I think they went through like three different directors and that
game still clunking along and doing fine. And Diablo four is, you know, in a good place too.
Um, I think the perception of what's happening with this news is just up there goes another
Blizzard exec abandoning ship. You know, what the fuck's going on? Activision Blizzard,
Activision's ruined the company. There's another one. And the reality is this could be a lot of
things. And Bobby went into some good detail on his show tonight. So I'll give him a shout out
and a plug, uh, for Bobby Black Wolf, our pal over there in his show. And he went into depth
kind of talking about, you know what, this whole COVID thing that a lot of us have been going
through have made us reevaluate a lot of things. And one of those big things is where I'm working
maybe I want to change that up a little bit. Maybe I'm taking up a new skill while I'm on furlough or
layoff from my job. And now I want to use that skill to get a better job. And, you know,
different types of companies are hiring and so on and so on. I'm not going to repeat what he said
too much, but the more the, the point of that is we don't know what this guy's plans are
professionally. And you know what, after you've been at a company for 19 years to want to change
it up a little bit is not that unusual, but again, that perception is there. All of these
people that have been leaving Blizzard recently were there a very long time. And you would imagine
we're very happy, but now here's another one that's gone. So I think a lot of the tea leaves
on that will come out in what does he do next? If he goes to another company and starts working on
an Overwatch-like game, that's probably a pretty telltale sign something was wrong at Blizzard.
But if the dude decides to take a year off to be with his family and go on a nice big vacation,
which he is absolutely fucking earned, I'm sure, and I don't even follow Overwatch that closely,
as much as many other people do, then I think that will maybe read a different way. Or if he's
decided, you know what, after 20 years in the video game industry, I want to paint. Go off,
do it, paint. Great. I want to make children's playgrounds. Actually, we say that tongue in
cheek, but brilliant example. Why not? Exactly. Yeah. Anyhow, let's see. ActDeft is saying,
many people are speculating he's going to Riot to work on one of their projects. Well,
that's a little bit fan wanky, but we have seen Blizzard people go to Riot. I remember
GhostCrawler, the big community person, had gone to Riot, and there's been others too. So
anything's possible, but I wouldn't put too much stock in those sorts of reports yet. Let's see,
VGRealness saying, probably gone to Dreamhaven, like the rest who left. Or was that the same
studio that Chris Metzen is doing his D&D thing with? Because that one is interesting,
because it's not a video game. It's a very, you know, a D&D campaign type thing is a very story
heavy type of thing. But that's kind of like what Chris Metzen kind of did at Blizzard. He was very
involved in the story of World of Warcraft. So it's interesting, I think. Anyway. Questbuster
in chat says, 20 years is a lot of life investment in a company and perhaps he's simply looking to do
something new on his own. Take a break, bake a cake, whatever else it might be. A lot of
veteran devs in the past few years have left AAA studios to either take sabbaticals or even found
smaller teams to find the spark they missed in working with large ones. I think a really good
parallel in that regard is Reggie Fils-Aime. He probably didn't need to leave Nintendo. Like,
you know what I mean? Like, like he probably, he was doing a great job there. People love him,
but he just decided, this is my time. And I want to go be with the family and stuff. And maybe I'll
take on a little advisory role that lasts for nine months over a year, or I'll do another little
thing over a year, you know, and that's, that's what he wants to do. And he's earned it. I think
it's, you know, it's, it's, it's a little tough for the Overwatch community because Jeff Kaplan
is such the face for Overwatch and so much so that he's participated in gags, you know, like the,
the Yule Log Christmas, whatever that old joke was. I think he sat in front of a fireplace for
like six hours on a Twitch stream or whatever the hell he was doing. We don't know this new
guy as much, you know, and there's always, there's always that, you know, what's the new,
is this new? What's, I don't like new. I liked old. I already dislike new. We don't know what
this new person's going to bring to the table. I'm sure we've seen him before at panels and,
you know, other things, but he's just not so much the face. So it'll be interesting to see,
you know, how, how that all works out, but I'm sure the guy will do fine. He's been with Blizzard
a very long time as well. So let's see. Amethyst Rose Witch says, hell, 10 years is a lot. I know
I'm reevaluating. I think they say something like it's, it's kind of average to want to change that
up every 10 years or so. I don't remember the exact number. Don't quote me on that.
But yeah, I know people that change. It seems, I know this one person I used to work with. I feel
like she changes every year, but you know what, if, if you could do it and you're successful at it,
one, and you're happy, it ain't my place to tell you what to do. Okay. VG realness says every seven
years is the average. Okay. I, I, and I thought I remember reading something like that somewhere.
And I think, don't they also say like in your life, you kind of go through big changes every
seven years. Yeah. And here I am by the way, sitting at 42, which is, which is seven times
six, by the way. And we're looking at finally buying a house after all these years, which is
a pretty big change of sorts. And I'm sure there'll be other stuff as well. So anyway,
maybe there's something to that. I don't know. All right. But the more things change, the more we
appreciate the classics. And that's why we have this segment called the classic game of the week,
where every week dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks,
Hey, you guys should be checking out this classic or actually what really happens in this segment
sometimes. Cause I think that's, what's going to happen to us tonight is that sometimes it's like
that meme that you've seen online, what you thought final fantasy was 20 years ago, where
it shows the retro final fantasy. And then what final fantasy really was 20 years ago. And then
you see the picture of final fantasy 10 on the PlayStation two with, you know, all it's a great
graphics and everything. Um, because the criteria that dark soccer created, cause you know, she
writes the rules is that a game has to be 10 years old or more to be a classic game of the week.
And this is definitely one of those games when, when I was, you know, cause you know, I I'm,
I'm special. I get to see what she picked in advance. And when I saw it, I was like,
Oh my God, this is 10 years old. Really? And I had a final fantasy just for that reason.
I had a final fantasy meme moment. It's a good one, but y'all get ready to feel old.
I'm going to warn you. All right. Dark soccer. No, my pain. What are you going to, uh, what are
you going to make the audience cry with tonight? The classic game of the week came out in 2011
and it's called limbo. Yes. Limbo. Um, it is a very beautiful stylized puzzle platform
game that was developed by an independent studio called play dead. It was released actually in July
2010 on Xbox live arcade and has been ported around to other systems, including PS3, Linux
and windows. It is a 2d site, huh? I'm sorry. I hate to interrupt, but you need to, I felt you
could celebrate in some of the tears that you're causing in chat. You ready? We have, wow. I feel
old. Wow. I'm so old. When we was a weave log show. Good Lord. This is that old limbo is eligible.
Fuck. So there you go. There you go. Dark soccer. Enjoy your cup of chat room tears.
Ah, refreshing here. Mm. Delightful. And podcasts, uh, podcast listeners,
we don't want you to be left out. Please send those tears to our Twitter account at OLR,
uh, send them directly to dark soccer, water, my green onions.
All right. And anyhow, so yes, the game is, uh, limbo. And as I was saying, it's presented in
black and white tones, uh, kind of gray scale. And it uses, uh, lighting and film grain effects
and very minimal ambient sounds to create this atmosphere of, of almost hopelessness kind of,
kind of scary. Um, it's very dark. It's even been, uh, compared to old film noir in German
expressionism, which I totally get that vibe out of it. Um, it is, it's also been toted as one of,
as an example of video games as an art form, very positive reviews, um, minimalized story
that kind of split people, but otherwise it's been just considered one of the greatest games
of all time. Um, it was also the third highest selling game on Xbox live arcade in 2010. Um,
and as one, uh, several industry awards. So, um, to go forward into this. So basically you play
a little boy and you have to navigate him through his dark, eerie world. Um, sorry,
the cat was chatting about this in the background. Um, so you have to solve these puzzles
to kind of get through. So you have hazards like glowing worms that will attach themselves to your
head and force you to travel in one direction until they're killed. You also have the mechanical
puzzles where you deal with machinery, electromagnets and gravity. Um, you don't
notice the traps though until they kill you. And so you restart from your last checkpoint. Um,
and you just can keep starting over as far as you go. It's basically a trial and death game
and you can die with dismemberment or beheading or some gore. Um, you know, there are some,
there's an optional gore filter if you don't want to see it. Um, but yeah, there's carcasses
and bear traps and all kinds of stuff. Um, so basically the story of this is that you're this
boy who wakes up in a forest on the edge of hell. Um, and you encounter a giant spider who tries to
kill you. And then after you cut off the sharp points of, of his legs, then you continue through
the story. Um, and then, uh, I'm not going to spoil the ending. Get off of there.
You all right over there? My cat was on my art table.
Well, your cat was also feeling old. Thanks to this selection. Just letting you know.
And it's my fault for leaving the door open. You are a bad girl out.
Out. She's going to the closed door to leave like great cat. Anyway. Um, it was, uh, conceived as
a game around 2004 with some concept art, um, from, uh, the designer is at IO interactive.
Um, he had, as he said, a mood image of a secret place to get ideas. Um, and he expanded upon it.
He tried to make his own game and visual basic, but he needed a lot more, uh, assistance with it.
So he made an art style trailer in 2006 and tried to recruit people. Um, but he had just two people
to start with. So that led to the creation of play dead and they attracted more people and the game
has gone on to be beautiful. Um, the ESRB listed entries for, for PS3 and windows, but it was a
mistake on their part first. They didn't have any intention of bringing it out. Um, but then, uh,
eventually, you know, things happened. Um, they did, they actually didn't want to release on
windows because of software piracy. Something they were very worried about.
But then again, I guess once they've made their money, you know, limbo.
It also out on steam also something, one thing we have to remember about PC games. Um, and by the
way, if you don't like spiders, avert your eyes for a little bit because, um, the next part of
this game for people who don't like spiders is very, um, rough visually. So I'm going to let it
keep playing, but I'm going to warn you if you don't like spiders, don't watch just avert your
eyes for a little bit. I'll tell you when it's safe again. Um, and, uh, um, I, I got sidetracked.
I'm sorry. I was going to say, um, uh, spiders now before that PC. Oh yes. PC. Thank you.
It opens things up to a much larger audience because the PS3 is only officially available
in so many places in the world. And I think that's one thing we often forget with PC gaming
is that by putting out a game in P on PC, you can get to a lot of countries where console gaming is
not readily accessible. That makes sense. Yeah. So, but there are different versions of the game.
Of course, there is a Mac OS version, um, through the Mac app store. Um, there, uh, sorry. Um,
uh, as I said, there's a Mac OS version. There is a Linux version that plays in a wine, uh,
environment, which is a, uh, sort of a windows virtualization. Um, there was a Vita version,
um, but it doesn't use the touch pad. Um, there's an iOS version. Um, there's all kinds of versions
out there. Um, and it's just really, really just a, a good game. Um, I, I really,
really cannot stress, uh, enough about how beautiful the music, the minimalized music,
uh, audio and the visuals are in this one. I mean, as you can see, um, but the audio was created by,
Martin Stig Anderson, who was a graduate in Royal Academy of Music. Um, and so his specialty being,
um, uh, cosmetic music, which is sort of non traditional from created from generated sounds.
They don't seem to have any particular source, um, is it came in and it blends in quite beautifully
with this, uh, background. Um, but yeah, uh, it got great receptions, very, very highly rated
across the board. And, you know, it's just, it's really, I can't really say too much more good
about it. It really is excellent. And it's, it's really that, that artistic style and the look of
this game. Um, and she whole can chat says it's a great game and sound. Yeah. And I think that that
unique style, when this came out, we weren't seeing a lot of games that really looked like,
like such a unique style like this, you know what I mean? And I think that's what makes this game
very special, even though, like I just said, and I warned y'all that scene that just played out
with the spider. Um, that's literally my worst nightmare coming to life. Um, so anyway, I'm
going to turn the game footage. The spider is very scary. I did you see, he picked the guy up and
wrapped it. I think it's super, I mean, it's not, it's not violent or gory at least, but that, no,
I'm, I'm, that is like literally one of my worst nightmares playing out. Yeah, but, but he's free
of, of the stuff. He is now happy ending, I suppose. All right. Except for that little piece.
I just love that scene though, where like you see his eyes and he's lying on the ground,
staring at the camera, like what even is my life? Yeah. All right. I'm going to go back. That's,
that's me. I am that little boy right now. All right. There is your classic game of the week.
Limbo. Yes. It's 10 years old and you are 10 years older as a result. Congratulations.
All right. Great pick. Jamie really is. All right. Thank you. I mean, I'm if when you do a bad pick,
I'm just not going to tell you, no, I'm kidding. There's no such thing. No, you have done bad
picks, but you've said, I don't always pick a good one. I do it on purpose. Yeah. So they're
not always good, but even the bad ones are still classics and you should know about them so that
you avoid them. Like they're classic in their own way. You know, show are just classically bad.
Showgirls is classic cinema. Pink flamingos is classic cinema, but there, there are reasons for
the hell Rocky horror picture show, honestly is not that great of a movie, but the experience,
the music, the, the Tim Curry, the, and all of this stuff adds up to like this, you got to see
it type of thing, right? Honestly, it is a better stage play than it is a movie. Yes. But, Oh, by the
way, I have seen the stage play several times now. Was it rest in peace, um, just passed away this
week that was involved with all the meatloaf songs. And I believe played the character and
fan of the paradise, which is another huge, uh, is it Jim Steinman? Please don't. I know his face
is a very distinctive look, but I don't remember the name. Somebody I'm waiting for chat to shout
it out. Okay. See it to very things. I'm Jim Steinman. Was it? No, but no,
William Finley was 2012. It was, uh, it was Jim Steinman. Okay. That's what I thought. Okay.
Whew. I got that. Right. All right. Anyway. Um, so yeah, rest in peace because the paradise is
fucking weird. Oh, that movie just Jessica Harper is such, it's like one of those actresses where
if it's like, if you know her, it's like, you're in this secret society of people who know who she
is and why she's awesome. Like that whole thing. So anyway, I still need to, to this day, I still
need to see Suspiria, which is like one of her all time, like biggest roles. I actually have seen
the remake of Suspiria. Oh, okay. And I have the original of Suspiria. If you want to come
over and watch it with me, I really enjoyed the remake. Oh my God. That'll be a fun VAX thing.
Like now that we're both VAX, we're going to watch movies together. That'll be fun.
Yeah. I have to, I have to say though, I need, I want someone to watch Suspiria with me because the,
the remake of it was really good. It had Tilda Swanson in it too. Um, but I really,
yeah. And I know that Jessica Harper was in the remake very briefly, but, um, but I need,
She writes children's books now. And so she's been kind of like, she even has her own podcast.
Uh, I may be a limited edition or whatever, but she wrote a book recently and she was doing like
tours and she's, she didn't do conventions for a long time, but she's one of those people who's
really opened up over the years and does convention, or at least, you know, pre COVID
was starting to do more conventions and kind of open up about her past and all that stuff.
Pretty approachable. Yeah. I kept trying to get them like little, little inside baseball,
but you know, they do that convention here in Sacramento and I'm, I'm in the ear of the person
who runs it. And I've been, I've been saying for years, get Jessica Harper, get Jessica Harper,
get Jessica Harper. One of the, one of these years it'll work. So, all right. I mean, why not?
They got, they got Barry Boswith. They got Patricia Quinn. They got, they've gotten a
lot of good people and I'm like, please get Jessica Harper. That's like, who's on your
wishlist? Rob Jessica Harper. All right. Anyhow, uh, this is not the Jessica Harper podcast,
unfortunately, but, uh, and if you have no idea who we're talking about, you really should educate
yourself. Like honestly, like you get joint, join the secret society of fans. Uh, we're,
we're small and loyal. All right. Uh, let's move on to some rapid fire news where we talk about
the video game industry, not the movie industry really quick. Uh, let's do it. Uh, Loki, why don't
you start us off? All right. So, um, this is pretty cool. So on the 10th birthday of Portal 2,
yes, now it's eligible for classic game of the week. Um, there's been a fan release,
a mod called portal reloaded, which adds a third color portal to the gun. Uh, it's a green one.
It actually allows time travel. So that's even more of a mind bender now. So you can go check
that out. Um, looks pretty cool. I always like these portal fan games. Uh, speaking of fan
additions for games, um, mother three has had a brand new English translation by the fans as well
on its 15th anniversary. So that's also available if you're a fan of mother three.
Which, um, is a game I really still need to play. Start to finish. I've played a little
bit of that translation patch, but I can't believe that game is 15 years old and still nothing.
And even Reggie fees and may is joking about it now. Like how dare you? Although obviously
this was a decision above his head, I'm sure, you know, even though he's the face of Nintendo,
you know, in America to many of us, even still with Doug Bowser there, I mean, even still,
um, obviously we know that Japan calls a lot of the shots with that stuff. So, um,
one of these days, one of these days, all right. Uh, dark soccer, what do you have for us?
A couple of things. Um, there are, uh, there's rumors that, uh,
Sony and Konami are in discussions to do a new Castlevania game on the PlayStation five.
Um, it came from a leaker called catharsis T. Just saying that they've been talking about it
and that they also were having new projects related to metal gear, solid and silent Hill
in the works. Um, but of course, rumor speculation, we don't know. Um, but, uh,
apparently this person has been correct before. So yeah. And, and we're getting a new silent Hill
too. Remember those rumors? So I don't know. It's like, I want to see the receipts,
but I understand this is it's what gaming culture is talking about. So we, we do indulge the rumors
sometimes. And I think we'd all love to see it. I think we'd all be loved to play a new Castlevania
game, but in the meantime, we have bloodstain. It's not bad at all. Yeah. Well, for those of us
though, who have already been enjoying Capcom arcade stadium on our switches. Well, the rest
of you guys get it too. So, um, it will be available on PS4, Xbox one and PC on, on May 25th.
Um, and you can, uh, you get 1943, the battle of Midway for free. Um, you will also get some
add on packs. Um, there is Dawn of the arcade pack, um, which is 1984 to 1988 arcade revolution,
which is 1989 to 1982, and then arcade evolution, 1992 to 2001. So, uh, in that last pack,
that's where we have 1944, the loop master, uh, street fighter, two hyper fighting edition,
street fighter, two turbo. That second pack is where we get, um, street fighter to the world
warriors, captain commando, Strider and final fight, which is honestly, that's the best pack
to get in my opinion. Yeah. I bought them all on. So I'm actually kind of irritated too, cause I
would have probably bought it on a different system if I knew, but it's all right. Switch
of these games though on like the Sega Saturn Capcom packs. Yeah. So, but I don't know. It's
kind of, kind of fun to have them again. Giga wing is certainly, uh, a good one. Cause unless
you have a dream cast, I don't think Giga wing didn't really come out on anything else. I don't
think it did. They, they, they, the, the stadium is good because it does have deep cuts. I'd call
that like a deep cut and they do have some really good deep cuts in there. Um, and they do, you
know, they do stuff that the technology wasn't there for with those earlier packs. Like, you
know, a little bit of the online competition achievements, weekly things, you know, that you
get more skins and cosmetics for doing. I think, I think it's a well done pack and I hope they expand
on it with more games. Actually. I would love to see that if possible. Uh, I'd love to see things
like puzzle fighter in there, but I don't know if they'd actually do it when they could probably
release that as a standalone game, but you could say the same thing about street fighter. And
that's still in there. So, or street fighter two, excuse me, but you know what I meant.
So it'd be very interesting to see. All right. Uh, let's travel around the world and check out
some release dates, things that we'll be playing a little sooner than Capcom arcade on our PlayStation
four. Although I guess not too much of a wait. Uh, it's only about a month, but what do we get
to play next week? Loki? Uh, we've got death and requests on Nintendo switch, uh, Genshin impact on
PlayStation five to hell with it on PC, uh, final two, uh, that's on Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four X-Box one X-Box series X, uh, total war Rome remastered on PC, Mac, and Linux.
Um, this is exciting new Pokemon snap on Nintendo switch. Oh, that's right. That's the sweet,
yeah. Uh, returnal on PlayStation five. Oh, I wanted to see that. I hope my friends stream that
also apparently our type final two is coming out again on, um, PlayStation four X-Box one
X-Box series X and PC. I don't know why it's coming out twice in the week, but whatever,
uh, maybe, I don't know. Um, there's a footnote and I don't want to read it.
Uh, let's see. Oh, nobody does. I got it. So, so it's coming out slightly earlier in the week
for Japan, North America is getting it later in the week, whatever, uh, terminate resistance
enhanced on PlayStation five. And that's it. I need to, I need to recruit Shane for a Pokemon
snap stream of sort. Cause I believe I think, didn't he say he's never played the original?
Like I thought that was a thing that came up. I did not have played the original. I don't
remember if you're listening, Shane, will you correct me or whatever, but I'm almost positive.
That was the thing. Like he still hasn't played those games. And so we really need a reaction
stream from him. All right. Anyway, moving on, uh, let's go to Japan and check out the
releases over there. Uh, we also, we have some similar stuff. We had like the R-type final two
is out there as well. Uh, let's see, uh, that is on the switch. Uh, there's also some themed
controllers and some peripherals and things like that coming out this week as well. And of course,
new Pokemon snap is also getting its release in Japan. I mean, that would be pretty rude if they
didn't put that out in Japan at the same time. Uh, there's lots of Sanrio, uh, related, um,
like Nintendo switch peripherals and things of that sort as well. So it's pretty big week for
that type of stuff. Um, I think that's about it for the switch. Let me look at PlayStation
five and PlayStation four. Oh, Returnal has a Japanese release this week on PlayStation
five as well. So they're getting it about the same time. That's cool. Um, cause I think that
was developed over here. And so Japan sometimes has to wait for those that are developed over
here, but not that one. Uh, and then looking at PlayStation four, you have the star renegades and
R-type final two also getting their releases in Japan this week. So there you go. How about the
UK dark Sakura? A few things on the 29th, we have, uh, world war one, Verdun, um, and Tannenberg,
uh, but that's the Western front and Eastern front, both coming out on PS five.
Um, also taxi chaos for PS five and switch on the 30th, we have Terminator resistance enhanced
on PS five, um, Pokemon snap on a switch battle acts on PlayStation and switch
and Returnal on PlayStation. All right. Uh, let us get to some more news stories. And then of
course, we'll take your questions, uh, and comments in our chat room over twitch.tv slash
VOG network. As we get a little closer to the end of the show. Okay. Shane is saying I'm correct.
He has never played Pokemon snap. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna work on this and see what I can do
in the meantime. Loki, why don't you get to our next story?
Yeah. So we had a rumor a few weeks ago talking about Microsoft possibly,
uh, looking to buy discord. Well, that's not going to happen. So apparently all the talks
are now off the table and it's that, you know, possible that it could be rekindled in the future,
but not yet. So we can all take a nice, uh, relaxing side that, that, that nightmare isn't
going to happen. All right. Uh, yeah, that's good. That's good. I don't think a lot of us
really wanted to see that happen. I mean, some of us are probably reading into like,
Oh, there are some good things that could come out of that, but I think most of us
wanted discord to stay independent and it looks like that is, so it looks like all,
it's not just Microsoft, but like all the suitors are off the table. Right. If I read that right.
And it's just discord is going to go the independent right route. And I think that's
the direction most of us wanted to see them take. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that's, uh, that's good
news. Yay. All right. Uh, let's move on. Um, okay. This, this story is interesting. Um, and, uh,
this is, again, it's one of those things where it's like, it's, it's not the same as it was
10 years ago. And I'm talking about the humble bundle, uh, humble bundle, the company, which,
uh, is now an IGN company and has been for several years, by the way, um, humble bundle announced,
uh, that in may, uh, there are no more, there are no longer going to be sliders, uh, when you buy
a bundle. I think most of you have probably bought a humble bundle at some point, but let me remind
you. Um, in the early days of humble bundle, they used to do these big indie bundles, right? Where
it would be like, I don't know what seven, eight, nine games that they would give away for like a
pay what you want. And then they'd throw in an extra game or three, if you'd paid like a minimum,
or if you paid like above the average, you know, the little benchmarks would get you a
couple more games. And these were widely popular because you'd have a slider at the bottom where
you could give all this money to the charity that they were supporting at the time. If it's like
doctors that borders or whoever it is they're supporting at the moment, or you could give like
maybe 50% to the developers of the games and 50% to charity. And then there was a place where you
could leave a humble tip as well. Cause you know, um, bandwidth isn't free, um, and, and putting the
site together and all that. So you could leave them a little bit of a tip, but there were a lot
of people that would do those bundles and just give a hundred percent of the money to charity.
Um, you know, and that's, that's kind of what it was for, you know, you didn't really get a lot of
new games in there. You got a lot of indie stuff, but I would say humble bundle was really where
this started this whole concept of pay five bucks and get 10 awesome games. Right. And, and was,
was really probably one of the biggest things we can blame for our fucking backlogs. Right.
It's humble bundle. Am I right? Loki is humble bundle the source of a lot of your backlog?
Yeah. I already increased my backlog just today. Oh boy. Um, the VR one.
Okay. Um, so, uh, yeah, so, um, things are going to be changing now because, uh, they're no longer
going to have those sliders. Um, and, uh, what's going to happen is that you're going to be able
to choose preset options that decide how the money is divvied up, but the charity portion
is capped at 15%. Meaning the best options for charity donations is 15%. Whereas in the past,
most of, a lot of us were giving a hundred percent to charity. And I don't think there's
anything wrong with that. Cause that was the whole point of humble bundle. But unfortunately,
when we had that news, what four or five years ago at this point that IGN bought them.
Well, we all know humble bundles kind of been, they've been a little bit different ever since,
right? They're, they're more of a storefront. They, you know, they do these different,
they try to sell their humble subscription and all of this, you know, when was the last time
that they did an indie bundle that really caught fire the way the old ones did? Well,
that's been a while with the subscription though. Like it's not even really subscription per se,
cause you don't get automatically charged each month. And it's basically just,
it's basically a bundle cause you buy you, you pay the amount and you get like 12 games.
So it's, it's, it's kind of weird. You know what they are ahead of time. It's not like,
Oh, I'm going to repay this and have it recur every month. And then we'll be surprised with
what we get. It's like, cause there's been months I was like, yeah, I'm going to skip it,
but I do it and it's a pretty good deal, but okay. It's not, it's hardly a subscription anymore.
Now humble bundles said in their post announcing what's happening here,
why they're removing the sliders. They want to unify their various services saying since we
launched bundles a decade ago, sliders have not changed. Even as humble evolved by building
products like humble choice and the humble store that all support charity without sliders.
That's a, that's a weird flex to me. Like it's more that they need to keep the company running.
They need to keep the lights on. It's, it's, it's what it boils down to. But of course,
a lot of people are making jokes about how, well, they're not so humble anymore. Are they,
or what was the great one liner that I just saw in chat? Ice P in chat says,
might be taken a bit of a humble tumble. That's funny. I like the humble tumbles funny.
Blah, blah, blah, blah. So I think there's a lot of us that are taking issue with the fact that
they're calling themselves the humble bundle when the charity now seems to be taking a back seat to
the other stuff. And like, on one hand, I get it. Like maybe this is how they're going to be able
to attract more developers is by basically guaranteeing the developers are going to get
a certain minimum and all this, but it, it certainly does feel like, okay, then isn't
the humble bundle now just a steam key reseller at this point? Isn't that just what they do?
And not just steam key because they do Nintendo stuff too. They have like 3DS that was on there
for a little bit as well. And they still do. I still see ads for it where they're,
they're using like Mario brothers three in the ad, but that is something that you can,
you can buy on the store and redeem on like the 3DS shop and stuff. But essentially they're just
a key seller front where a small part goes to charity. Do we care that, I mean, would,
would a 15% charity donation change your mind and make you want to shop at humble bundle still?
Loki, it sounds like with you. Well, but you said you, well, you said you are on their subscription
thing. Yeah, right. I do that. And, um, I don't really change the sliders at all. I don't like
give more to the charity. I just, whatever the default is. Um, SSG100Matt says, I believe humble
was given the edict from Ziff Davis, the parent company to change the business model or they'll
close it down. I'm sure Ziff is suffering from the pandemic and looking at their fiscal stuff.
I'm sure humble is not really profitable and they push them to change this. Either they cap it or
humble goes away. Sad truth. And Tiger Claw follows that up with it's more like a humble
stumble. Stop. Oh, you, uh, Jamie, uh, what are your thoughts with the whole, like, you know,
is it, is, is a 15% charity donation enough to get you to pay attention still to the store or
is it, it's just kind of whatever at this point. I'm kind of whatever. You're all in on Stadia now
anyway, so it doesn't matter. Yeah, it's pretty much as like, uh, I, my, my heart has been taken
by the Stadia. All right. Well, at least my gaming experience has been taken by the Stadia.
All right. All right. Let's move on and, uh, talk about our next story, which is, um, something I
was not aware of, even though I've been interested in this game because everybody tells me I need to
play the other game. Anyway, Jamie, please take it away. So, um, there is definitely some trauma
going on with Nier Replicant, um, which is the newest game in the Nier series. And this is going
to be a little bit spoilery. So I'm going to go ahead and give the warning out there. And it's,
it's a reimagining of the first game is important to put out the Japanese version of first game.
It's not like a new thing in the story. It's a reimagining. I never played any of them. So,
um, anyways, so, um, with this game, uh, then since it's not a spoiler,
they have put in two achievements that could definitely be seen as sexist, but absolutely
as transphobic as well. Um, one of the characters in the game and I'm going to mispronounce, I think
it's a kinase is intersex. Um, meaning has both general sets of, uh, genitalia. Um, so there is
an achievement called daredevil. You risk life and limb 10 times to discover someone secret,
which is basically an upskirt cam. You look up kinase skirt 10 times. Um,
there was, uh, and it was the same thing as a near automata called, what are you doing?
Where you look up to be skirt. It's the upskirt thing. It's just encouraging bad behavior,
but in this case, since it's dealing with an intersex character, it really is just
disgusting. Very bad taste at the bare minimum. It comes off like, I don't know if the intent
was there to be transphobic, although that doesn't certainly matter at the end of the day,
this whole thing just comes out. Like it just comes off as immature. Like it's just,
it's just immature. Like, and I thought as gamers and wanting to be accepted as an art form,
which those near games are very artistic. And that's, that's the reason why I think this is
so frustrating is that you don't want to see the game get canceled all over all this or whatever,
because especially with your automata, there's a lot of beauty and brilliance in the story
to just see something so immature, be a big blemish on it is just fresh.
This isn't immaturity specifically, this is sexist immaturity.
I'll give you that. Absolutely.
The sexism is definitely there. And so there's already some major complaints about it,
but we cannot overlook the general sexism of everything. Yeah. You know,
by putting a blanket immaturity statement on it, it removes what this really is.
Yeah. And you got some folks in chat that are echoing this a little bit saying,
as Joe and Hunter Matt says, poor taste. Act Dev says, yeah, immature. It's bad nonetheless.
Bob Coffee says, even if the intent is to reference automata's achievement,
it's pretty tasteless. It shouldn't have been an automata in the first place.
I would also agree with that. Amethyst Rose Witch says immature is an understatement. And I will,
I will, I will grant, even though that's the first word that comes to my mind, I think
dark soccer makes a very clear statement. And I agree with her that, you know, there's,
it's, it's immaturity that, that has, that has very much sexism playing into it because we'd
upskirt on dudes is not a thing. Where's that achievement? That's not, you know,
that's not a thing. Where's that anime? There's no, I haven't seen too many dudes in kilts.
Yeah. And games. So anyway, and then so, but now you have this additional kind of like thing where,
where actually it's pretty cool that there's an intersex character in a game because there
are intersex people in this world, quite a few of them. And I'm sure that representation is awesome,
you know? So in, in that regard, you go near is doing an awesome thing by having an intersex
character be, and then it's like, and they do this really stupid thing with it and it sucks.
So that's, that's where we're left with, right? It's just, this is the kind of thing we really
shouldn't be encouraging. Yeah, no, I agree. I agree. I think they should probably, uh,
just take, take that achievement out and replace it with something that has to do with the game.
And it's not like she's wearing much of anything. She's basically wandering around and, you know,
negligee. Yeah. But I, I do, I do understand where folks are very upset. I don't want to make sure
this is clear too, especially when I'm using the word like immature. I want to make clear,
I do understand where folks are very upset about this focus on genitalia, right? Because
unfortunately in our culture, you know, my brain goes to that Katie Couric interview when she's
interviewing what Laverne Cox and Carmen Carrera, I think that's her name, right? That was on Drag
Race all those years ago and then transitioned. Right. Um, and Katie Couric, who you think is
this like respectable journalist wants to talk about genitalia. And it's like that,
why do we as a society have a fascinating fascination with that? That is a much deeper
question I expect us to tackle on this show. But my point is, is that like, that's just like
why this is so like, if you're having difficulty understanding, why does this get to the level of
transphobic? Because it, it makes it seem like gender is only genitalia and it's not that.
Would you agree with what I said, Jamie, or you want to course correct me a little bit?
Gender is not genitalia. Exactly. You know, your genitalia is basically what variety of
reproduction you can and cannot do. Yeah. End of story. Yep. And some people, I have
several friends who are intersex. One, um, who, uh, actually does have fairly working parts of
anatomy and I'm not going to name names or anything. And I only know this because I'm a
good friend. You know, it's, um, it's definitely, um, definitely something that these are mostly
children by the way, who are having sex change performed on them or an assignment physically
inflicted on them in the hospital. Um, gender is personal. It's not a preference. Stop using
preferred pronouns and just call them pronouns. Gender is a part of who you are and how you
identify. And so it's nobody's business, what genitalia that, that you have and parents should
stop announcing it to the world. They say, Oh look, I have a little human. Are you saying
we shouldn't create earthquakes with giant explosions? God's been dropping hints to knock
it off. God's been dropping a lot of hints to knock it off. And I'll actually even say in
Judaism there's seven genders. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Although there should be one for, for
female bodies in my position, but I won't, I won't go on that. So yeah, you, again,
a whole other podcast going on here. And, and honestly, if this is of interest to you and
you don't have to consider yourself intersex, transgender, whatever, to be interested in these
topics, that's, that's education listening to folks, right? Let's just, so if you want to
listen on this stuff, there's lots of podcasts out there, but just to, just to shift the
conversation back a little bit to this, I just, you know, I think it's just very frustrating to
see like, Oh, this company did a great thing in the story and then they shot it in the foot
with this, you know, dumb thing. Yeah. So, yeah. And I know what their goal was. Two steps forward,
two steps back, right? I know their goal was to harken back to the other achievement,
but like I said, the other achievement shouldn't have existed either. Yeah. No,
right. Absolutely right. It was, it was, and it may be in the instance of Nier Automata,
it's definitely, you know, that, that, um, sexist immaturity thing. I'm sorry. I forgot the exact
phrase you use, but it's, it's, it's definitely that. And it's just kind of one of those, again,
if gaming culture wants to be seen as grownups, then we kind of have to act grown up. That's what
it boils down to. If you, and if you're sitting there going, but my anime titties, but my it's
like, you have problems with yourself. Like there's a whole other art form for you
that needs to stay out of video games. And I need to, I need to correct myself. It's actually six,
uh, uh, six genders in Judaism. Thank you. All right. Let's, um, let's try to cleanse the
palette a little bit because, um, this there's some interesting similarities in this next story.
And I'll, I'll just turn it over to Loki. Yeah, this is kind of surprising. Um, so there
gearbox gearbox exec, uh, David Najib had testified against the Texas house bill 4042,
which would force a transgender athletes in public schools to compete in the sports.
According to the gender, they were assigned at birth. Uh, he basically said, I'm a Texan.
I was born here and I know it's a welcoming, friendly place. I want to push that and not
making up laws. We don't need, um, you know, our games company in competition or in competition
worldwide, we sell more to Asia than we do in the United States. We bring in a lot of money
into the state. We're headquartered here. We don't drive us to where we have to start expanding
outside of Texas and outside of the country. We want to keep doing business here.
Um, basically threatening that, you know, if something like this passes that they might
consider taking their business elsewhere. Um, it's kind of, it's kind of sickening that,
you know, we see this kind of stuff happening right now and it's not just in Texas either. So,
yeah, I don't know. Thank you for, um, being our token heterosexual saying that by the way,
cause we need more people like you to recognize that this is, this is wrong.
It's ridiculous. All the things in the world right now, why are we worried about like
childhood sports? Who cares? Yeah. I, I, you know, you're preaching to the choir with me
and, and our soccer and all that, but again, it's, it's very nice to hear you say that.
Um, and it's, it's, and, and it's nice to hear gearbox say that, which is a company that has,
again, it's, it's interesting cause now we have a two steps back, two steps forward situation,
you know, gearbox is, uh, if it's saying constellations, it's not Randy Pitchford that
said that. So, you know, maybe, maybe it's still terrible. It's a sign of, of change in the guard
at gearbox. Perhaps. I don't know. I don't know, but it is refreshing to see them really take a
stand with that. You know, saying, you know, we're a Texas company. We do this. This law is not what
we're about. And, and it's been nice that in some other States, there have been some surprising
people that you would expect might support this. Right. Cause it was, it was vetoed in one state.
I'm unfortunately, this is happening far too often frequently, or I can't remember what
States are doing what, but it's been vetoed by like two different governors in two different
States, if I'm not mistaken. So. Yeah. And, and, um, actually, you know, to give Randy some, uh,
prompts at least, um, he did echo the sentiment that was put forward by, um, the other guy saying,
you know, the kinds of people that are best in the world at creating technology, at creating
entertainment, these are people that do not want to live in places that are seen as discriminatory.
So at least he did kind of echo that sentiment as well, but still, you know,
he's got his own problems. Uh, going to chat, uh, Bobby Blackwolf says I'm in Georgia,
so I can help give Texas some pointers on companies leaving their state. And yeah, that's,
you know, another place where, uh, the companies have been voting with their wallets, so to speak.
So, um, yeah, you have to vote with your wallet cause they're making it impossible to do it
otherwise. It's I, I, my, my laugh is a laugh of shock at the accuracy of that statement.
Like drag them, expose them. Loki. Yes. All right. Oof. Um, as she, 100 mountain chat
says as someone who works in sports, this is such a vindictive, nasty thing to do. It's
just unnecessary. Yes. Again, we're going to have a whole another podcast on this topic,
but I'm very thankful to hear that a lot of people, you know, no matter, uh, I, we've got
a variety of backgrounds here, a variety of, you know, life steps, a variety of political leanings.
And I think most people are pretty much in agreement on this and maybe the folks that
aren't are being a little more quiet and listening to the reasons why we're saying it's such a bad
thing. And that's, that's a, that's a good thing too. Uh, hopefully maybe change a few minds here
as to why this is just, it's, it's gross thing to do. So, um, anyhow. Uh, uh, yeah. Pixel pocket
says, uh, the anti-trans bills occurring in a handful of states are so utterly fucked up
and hurting people who cannot defend themselves children and follows that up with think of the
children. Oh no, we don't mean all children. So, um, very well said there by pixel pockets.
I'll leave it on that note. Um, although they, thanks to gearbox for, uh, sticking up for that.
And, um, I th I think, um, do, do a good thing for the gaming industry. We kind of talked about
making the game industry sound like grownups. I think that was a very grownup thing for them
to do. So awesome. All right, moving on. Let's talk about, let's talk about something a little
silly. Um, but, but in the best possible way, and I think a good last story tonight to end on,
and that has to do with this up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Be a start,
select, start. They, they all have different endings to them, but I'm sure you all recognize
that as the infamous Konami code, right? Well, did you know the Konami code is now 35 years old?
Hello old and aging. Guess what? That's you. Uh, and I believe that code was first in the game.
Gradius, uh, was where that code showed up for the first time. And then of course,
I think a lot of people know it from Contra though, certainly. Uh, but all of those,
of course, the early Konami games where that sequence would unlock certain things or what
have you. Um, now. Konami in celebration of the 35th anniversary. Yes. Konami did something. It's
very exciting. Uh, they've teamed up with some musicians to do some remixes, uh, from Gradius
in what they're calling a lo-fi hip hop compilation. So it's remixes of what's that?
So that sounds nice. Oh yeah. It's cool. Uh, a remix of the, I would, I would play it here,
but that gets into weird copyright things. And so I just would encourage you to seek this out
on your own. Um, it's a remix of the theme by Tokyo machine is included on that as well. Uh,
and, uh, there's also some merchandise, of course, of course, cause you know,
Konami is getting into that right now, selling the merchandise like Gradius t-shirts and logos from
Gradius titles and so forth. Um, anyhow, there, the video, if you want to check that out is on
YouTube. So check Konami's YouTube channel, and there is a company illustration and motion graphic
to, uh, kind of, uh, uh, mimic what's going on there. And, uh, there's six tracks in the list
and, uh, you can check that out over on Konami's YouTube channel. So, uh, a fun way to kind of
celebrate something that a lot of us as gamers just have ingrained into our brains that up,
up, down, down, left, right, left, right BA start. Yeah. Uh, quick can, does anyone remember the
championship code from the Capcom code? Uh, down, right, up, left YB. If I remember right,
this is how you unlock championship mode. If I, somebody can fact check me on that,
see if my memory still works after all these years, but I say downright as in the button
down, right, up, left YB, I believe is it. So, uh, Bobby black Wolfen chat, uh, giving us the,
uh, infamous IDD, QD and those codes IDBFG. Uh, Oh, I was right. Dark Tetsuya says I'm right.
Yeah. Don right up left YB or it's XA at the Japanese version. Okay. Fair enough. Um,
orange, right. Says ABA CABB. That's the blood code, right? From world combat. If I remember
right. Um, ABA and Ikari warriors. That's right. Abba. My favorite code in any game.
Good. All right. Anyway. Excellent. So, uh, of good reminiscent on the codes and all that
good stuff. I still need to do the one in dead by daylight to get the Vic Viper. That would not work
for the life of me on the Xbox one, but I need to try it now. It doesn't work on console. It
only there's people that have YouTube's of it where they're doing it stopped working after
July, 2020. Why did they turn it off? They did hold on. I've actually got the thing to tell you
rude, but it still works on PC. Still works on PC. They ended this. I've got the article.
No wonder it didn't work. And I'm looking at these YouTube's where I'm like, the guy's doing
it slower than I, God. Um, yeah. June, June 16th, 2020. Um, it, it ended on, um, on the console
versions. Oh, that's irritating. All right. Well, thank you for letting me know I can stop. There's
another reason to buy it on steam so I can have my Vic Viper. All right. Yeah. Uh, this is the part
of the show where we would go to the mailbag, participate at orange launch radio.com. If you
want to send us an email, but I believe that is an empty mailbag this week, right? Yeah. All right.
So you know what that means? Drag race talk. Season 13 finally ended. I didn't watch it,
but of course Twitter filled me in on it. All right. Then I won't worry. All right. Don't
chat. Don't spoil please. Cause dark soccer for myself right now. Oh, all right. Just tell me
we get dark soccer's reaction live. Uh, I, um, I, I want to be very careful not to spoil it for
anyone out there. Although I guess it's been 48 hours. Oh yeah. It was the second person I would
have wanted. Yeah. I, I, and I would say it was the per I did watch the beginning of the season.
I would say it was extremely obvious to me that person was going to win from like episode three.
So I, I don't know why everyone, I get that. Um, one of the other contestants was really
showing a lot and I think had a lot of people rooting, um, for them, uh, uh, throughout the
season. But, um, but I think it was obvious from the third episode, this dress. Yeah. I'll have
to link you to pick the, the picture. I already know what it is. This is the one that looks like
the final fantasy boss meets pinhead. All right. You'll have to already send it to me. The one,
the white dress. Oh no, it's I'm thinking of something else. Nevermind. Okay. All right.
Anyway. Uh, hopefully all star six starts soon. That one's going to be on paramount plus. What
do you think about that? Drag race, uh, taken one of its biggest, uh, spinoffs to, uh, another,
uh, uh, service. It's kind of interesting. I wish they'd just stay somewhere. All right.
By the way, guys, I'm trying to talk Shane into the, um, Pokemon stream and I think,
um, uh, he's, he's into it. He's like, is this another point reward thing? And I'm going to be
like, no, just, just because, but he says, I don't see why this wouldn't be doable. So I think we're
onto something there. So we may, we may have a special stream here at VOG just because not
everything has to be a point reward thing, right? Bobby. I got to get clearance from Bobby. Not
everything has to be a point reward thing, right? Bobby. All right. I'm almost positive. Uh, he'll
be with me on the same. He's like content. Great. Do it. All right. Um, okay. Thank you. Bobby says
not everything has to be a point reward. Great. Excellent. All right. Uh, let's get into some
last minute stories then. Uh, Loki. All right. So, uh, it's happened. It's happened. We're
finally getting Lego, green Mario, and I'm very excited. I should, I forgot to slot that story.
It's it was coming out. It's coming out in August. So in my head, that was in the first
half of the show, Loki. It's all good. Yeah. So a brand new starter set coming, uh, with boom,
boom and a pink Yoshi. So I will have to pick that up, but that's, uh, yeah, coming out
August 1st, which is actually a year after the original, uh, Lego Mario set bid. Um,
so looking forward to that and what other sets are coming. Cause obviously now that they have
a new starter set, they're going to have some more, uh, stuff coming. So very interesting.
Uh, pixel, pixel pockets and chat says, what else happened on the show? And Rob's head,
um, we had the listenership we had in 2006.
I'm teasing. I love you guys that show up every week. I really do. All right. Sorry, Loki.
Um, yeah. So, uh, there was that. And then apparently some rumors that, um,
Sony is blocking, uh, resident evil eight from games past because of force parody.
Oh, I did see some of the rumors about that and that whole, the contract page that leaked
and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I honestly though, should that surprise anyone? Like people are
acting like it's this big ass deal, but like if Sony is going to spend the, the free promotion,
when they put a resident evil trailer in their PlayStation showcase and all this stuff,
they're basically giving them free advertising, you know, and there's, you know, certain
concessions. So yes, they're going to be like, Hey, you can't go and then give away this game
on game pass. You know, when it's, we're trying to sell copies on PlayStation by having these ads
here. I'm not sure why this is shocking to some people. Um, I think it's just shocking to see it
in writing and people feel like they're in a secret club getting to read these leak contracts
and stuff. And I get that. Like, it's like, Ooh, I'm seeing something I'm not supposed to see.
And it's a little bit scandalous, you know, but I don't think it's, this should not be
surprising whatsoever. Um, and Bobby black woven chat says, yeah, I don't begrudge Sony for this.
They're doing a lot of marketing and free demos and stuff. Absolutely. I don't like,
this shouldn't be a surprise. Like, honestly, be happy you got MLB the show. And I say this
as some, and you guys know, I've been very pro Xbox the last couple of years on this show. Okay.
So like, but I'm going to say, I'm going to say to the Microsoft folks on this one,
just back off. Okay. Like this, this, this one makes sense.
Okay. Loki, uh, there was something else I saw too, about them renewing their trademark for
PlayStation home. So was that a thing that's happening? That is another route. Well,
we don't know. Uh, it's, it's in that rumor status since it's not, yeah. Um, curious.
I don't know. I don't, I don't know if we should jump to the conclusion it's happening.
It would be a very nice summertime announcement. Um, but I'm sure there's a lot of people going,
Ooh, PlayStation home makes a lot of sense for VR. Um, which I could definitely see it going that
way. Uh, uh, uh, uh, VR chat type of thing, I guess. Um, but I, I honestly would like to see
PlayStation home. I know we gave PlayStation home a lot of shit, but we had very ardent fans of
PlayStation home really open our eyes to the capability of, of what it could do over the years.
And I think the most frustrating part was that like, you really saw the limits of what they
were able to do in PlayStation home. Like, Oh man, it would have been awesome if like our clubhouse
could have played a YouTube or a trailer or have maybe custom items that we did, whatever happened
to the trophies for achievements and stuff that you could actually put on your wall. Like there
were, there were a lot of potential things that, that home never realized. And then it did other
things that were kind of neat, like the fake E3 booth, the virtually three booth. That was kind
of cool. So I would hope that maybe the technology of the PlayStation five can really let them
advance those capabilities of PlayStation home, but they need to be able to advance those
capabilities of PlayStation home for me to care. If they're just doing the same thing they did on
the PlayStation three, then, then it's going to be flop city. I don't think I I'm trying to believe
that wouldn't be the case that with an upgrade to PlayStation five comes more than better graphics
and better stuff that Sony really is looking at. How do we make a social thing to respond to Twitch
to respond to, you know, and then when they go and get rid of communities that really sends a
mixed signal, not the communities was really used at all. I like to think Sony did that in
preparation for this, but am I giving them too much credit? I'm worried I am.
Anyway, thank you for bringing that up. I forgot about that one. And that one's important.
No problem. Hi, Midna. I see Kitty on cam. Here we go. All right. Anything else?
Mama has some string cheese. No, that's it. All right. Then I think we're about ready to wrap up.
So I want to thank everybody for listening to Orange Lawns Radio tonight. Thank you so much
for participating with our show. If you enjoyed what you heard here on OLR, please tell a friend
or two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has
a voice. But if the voices aren't here to put out on air, what can we do? A nice five star review on
a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this podcast will go a very long way. Spotify,
we're on there too. So thank you very much to everybody that does that. An auto host here at
Twitch TV also does wonders. So thank you to those of you that go and do that as well. If you feel so
inclined, you can also support our store over at vognetwork.com slash shop if you want to be able
to shop for some merchandise there like an OLR sticker or things like that. So thank you. Again,
a lot of you were very generous tonight during the show here live on Twitch. A lot of you are
very generous in the things you say throughout the week online on Twitter and all that stuff.
So thank you very much for everybody that takes time out to say hello and they appreciate what
we're doing here. We appreciate you. Thank you so much. It was funny. There was actually somebody
I was having a disagreement with on Twitter. We were having a spirited disagreement, not an
F U U F and F and things like that. It was, you know, oh, we disagree on this. Here's my perspective.
Here's my perspective. But I thought it was very nice that he ended it with, hey, I'm a big fan of
OLR. And I was like, that does mean a lot. Even if we don't agree on this one particular issue,
I it still means a lot that people are. So inclined to engage and interact with the show
and and the people behind it after all these years coming up on 19 years in June.
All right. I think we should get final thoughts, shouldn't we? I will start with Dark Sakura.
Please stay tuned. Please stay tuned. Please, please, please. I need the attention.
All right. At least you're honest. All right. My channel, I want I want to do more things
for everybody. And the only way I can do them is if people join in. My final thought is, please
cross your fingers and toes. We put our first bid in on a house today. And I'm not thinking we're
going to get it, but I had this house is perfect. It has it like it has an upstairs loft area that
would be perfect for this show if we wanted to continue to do it in person. So and it's much
closer to you, Dark Sakura. So we'll see what happens anyway. Loki, last but not least, your
final thought. So during the show, I ordered labels for my cartridges, so hopefully they turn
out. All right. Getting closer. Appreciate that. All right. I can't wait to own a physical copy.
All right. That's it, everybody. We'll be back to do it in seven days. Thank you for tuning into our
show this week. And we'll see you next week when, oh, my gosh, it's actually going to be May, isn't
it? Please leave your Justin Timberlake memes out of this. That is overdone. That's it. Have
a great night, everybody. Good night. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange
Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or Fog Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
