Homemark is making video game themed ornaments this year and I think that's awesome. I remember having ornaments of things I liked as a kid and they were cute but not relevant like this will be. I also learned that this is not the first time they've done this, that the NES and massively popular franchises had designs last year. Joining this year includes Sonic, Minecraft, and Sub-Zero! Wow.
Before we get that far, it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to bring us this and much more timely news starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again tonight, April the 18th of 2021 with episode number 865 of our podcast.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, and allow me to be the first to say happy birthday because I know I'm doing it a little early, but it's tomorrow, but when most of the podcasty people hear this it'll be your birthday.
Oh yeah, I will be older.
Yes.
By a day.
Yes.
Because you're not an instant year older, you're just a nuts member.
That's right. It's so funny because I always hear people make such a big deal about oh my god I'm turning 30 or oh my god I'm turning 40, and then it's like well 40 doesn't really feel any different. No, it doesn't.
Because, first of all, those children need to shut up.
I'm just saying.
First of all, get off my lawn. Second of all,
Second of all, get off my neighbor's lawn too kids.
But yeah, thank you, everybody.
I appreciate it.
All right, well, are you doing anything to celebrate?
Um, I might have another Animal Crossing birthday party. Oh fun.
Um, I was supposed to have my second Pfizer shot today. And I went to when they were scheduled me like, no, she like, why, because my birthday is on the 19th.
Please. She's like, Oh, I totally get that. Because I did actually I, you know, I felt it after the fact I did have. I was pretty sick for a couple of days and I'm only thinking I'll be even sicker, you know, with the second shot so Oh, oh girl, let me tell you.
So last week so LR, I got through the show just fine right. Oh, after about probably about two hours after the show wrapped up like 10 o'clock 11 o'clock.
Boom, boom, clap those side effects hit me like a truck. I was out of work for two days. I had fever and chill for about a day, and then I had a really bad headache that lasted two days, but I, again, I don't want to scare people off from getting the vaccine,
not everybody gets it that bad like like low temporary, hold on, I gotta say hi to Techmaster Loki.
Hello, hi, you didn't really have any vaccine issues at all right.
No, I didn't. Yeah, so some people do some people don't that's just the way it works out sometimes.
And even, even the two days that I went through that were not pleasant. It just, it was, it's not like being normal sick it was just suddenly done like a light switch, like I woke up Wednesday morning and I'm like, I feel fine.
And that was that.
But it's also it's much better than having coded, I assure you, from everybody I've talked to that had coded the side effects are better.
So there's that.
Yeah, and I'm, I went ahead and scheduled myself off on Wednesday because normally my workweek starts on Wednesday.
But I've been telling like for you know my, the people that I've been working with, like, I had one thing scheduled on Thursday and I'm like, if I'm not going to make it I'm going to sign in long enough to email you and say, I am sick, and that's it.
Yeah.
At least my office is right over, you know, my left yonder. Yeah.
And I will say, just a bit of personal news as well, Alan.
My husband is getting his first shot on the same day as Jamie second shot the 20th. So that is nice because that is kind of the key barrier to when do we get to do the whole show in person again, because that means all of us will be fully vaccinated at that point
and that is very very pleasant and then we can start actually having those talks, I will say I got to see my dad this weekend, and we hung out and we didn't use, you know, I know, I know it's supposed to be two weeks but I'm like once once good enough, and
he's fully vaxxed, so it was nice to just hang out and see my dad again. So, it was very nice. So we're getting closer guys and I hope those of you out there that will be eligible for your shots well pretty much everybody's eligible now.
It's just about getting the appointments so I hope y'all are able to get them still tiered actually.
Oh, are some states still tearing them. I thought everybody was open. Okay, well May 1 was the day everybody supposed to be open. I think there's only very few states left, I think Hawaii might be one of them that still tiered I remember hearing that somewhere,
but in general most states are open at this point but y'all y'all know the rules.
Looking at chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern at the voice of geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network.
Six Pacific nine Eastern right after Bobby Black Wolf I think he said that already, but I'll say it twice, because Bobby Black Wolf has our first comment tonight who says I slept through most of my side effects, but I took the next day off from work,
I got it on Thursday and took Friday off, and I was fine by Saturday, and there's many people sharing stories about second shots it sounds like they're coming up soon for a lot of people, and of course a lot of birthday wishes for dark soccer as well,
who you know it's a bummer that you're still having another birthday during coven lockdowns but I do feel like there's more options this time, if you want to do it, I don't know, I don't know, there are.
Yeah, and I'll be, I'll be perfectly honest, the thing that I'm looking forward to is just being able to be outside and not be afraid that due to my other condition.
I'm not gonna get that second end up hospitalized I had, I had pneumonia twice last last year. Yeah.
I also want to point out in chat Tiger Claw says unfortunately I have to work on the day of the second shot.
Check the rules and regulations us in your state now Tiger Claw I know you live in Florida so sorry, Florida is going to Florida, but in a lot of states like COVID leave to get the shots and stuff is actually mandatory for our employees
to work a certain number of hours so check that out in your state, where you're at but again, I do not think the outlook is good for Florida because Florida gonna Florida sorry guys.
My job started offering that up well before there was any national mandate. Well yeah and and of course yeah some some employers have done that well before and my mind was always very good about it as well but then we also found out it's going to be regulated
anyway in California so, you know, all right. Anyway, I haven't talked a lot to Loki I said hello, just to ask about the shot, and then I noticed in the background on Loki's screen tonight.
Is that the Roadrunner game that was on like Super Nintendo or the. There was like an attack. Okay, okay why why that game tonight, because this is my first Super Nintendo game.
Oh, I got this game instead of like Mario World I think I couldn't buy Mario World at the time. So I got this one, and it's sort of Sonic. Mm hmm. I don't know, but I played the heck out of it.
I, why not. I vaguely remember that game but you know there was also a Roadrunner.
It was an Atari arcade game and it ran on the same hardware it's like 720, and a lot of the big Atari games that age to try to get other games around on that hardware.
I don't think gauntlet, but they had a very distinct look like they all had the same font and the scores are on big numbers. The Indiana Jones game that was out around that time I think also ran on the hardware, but there was a Roadrunner game it was really
fun that was on that. Yeah, this is Roadrunners Death Valley rally so. Mm hmm. I don't know, it was okay. It was frustrating but I did end up beating it. Good job. Yeah, I see the arcade one that does look interesting.
Yeah, that was a lot of fun I don't remember the arcade near me that had it. If it was like the roller rink, or what was speaking of which I saw those photos on your Facebook.
You hit the roller rink, how was that was that fun. Yeah, it's, we've been doing it for, they've opened it up last week so we started going every Sunday. Now, this week is Saturday but do roller rink still have a pretty decent assortment of video games like they used to back in the day or is it all ticket spitters again.
No, they don't have ticket spitters at all it's, it's your usual like arcade stuff so they've got a terminators. I think it's Terminator salvation game that is broken, they have the Jurassic Park shooter game there.
They've got like a motorcycle racing game and Guitar Hero.
So, it's a mix that Guitar Hero arcade games pretty popular I see a lot of places.
A lot of the stuff isn't working there right now like I know that terminators been broken for at least the two weeks that we've gone broken arcade games in a independently run, it's, it's funny because it's got like you know it's like a bias screen error things so you know
because it's running a computer so yeah, it's just kind of funny, but yeah the Jurassic Park arcade that's like everywhere. Speaking of which, you know, I thought that there was that one company was bringing those games home or whatever, and I know Jurassic Park the arcade was one of them I'm kind of curious
whatever happened to that but hopefully hear about soon because that'd be pretty exciting. Hopefully.
Yeah, they've got, you know, the assortment, not, not as much like I haven't been to some of the other ranks around here but like there's other ranks that are nearby that have much older looking games so like late, you know, like 90s 80s stuff.
So obviously, you know, if I ever get over there since they still got that stuff. Alright.
Alright, well, we're going to get into the news and then maybe we'll talk about some more arcade games during our gaming week we'll see but I want to get into tonight's kickoff topic, this one's a little weird this week I got to admit, because we're going to talk
a little bit about a rumor that's already kind of been shot down but I want to talk about it a little bit and get your guys's thoughts on this, well of course when I say you guys I mean our chat and the live folks as well and hey, those of you listening on the podcast
feed you can always tweet us at OLR or email us at participate at orange launch radio.com because, of course, we want to know your thoughts as well. And this has to do with a rumor about the potential acquisition of Square Enix.
What happened is that there was a report out there it was a subscription news site, which I think was deferring to Bloomberg Japan I know Bloomberg was kind of being finger pointed as the original folks that started the rumor, and that basically was
that there's attempts out there for Square Enix to kind of boost their profile a little bit because Marvel Avengers did not perform to the level of expectations people had hoped with this, and that the company was basically being groomed for an acquisition.
And, you know, there's been a lot of acquisitions going on lately. Microsoft buying Bethesda, that was kind of one of the big ones, but of course we had EA had picked up a Codemaster, and actually, Microsoft to get ZeniMax and it's an important
which owns Bethesda in turn. And then Epic Games picked up Tonic Games Group which are the folks that are made Fall Guys. So there's been a lot of these things going on.
And of course Twitter went crazy right social media went crazy like oh my god Square Enix is for sale. And then in comes the Microsoft fanboys. I don't blame them in a way I mean I do blame them for being such suckers but I think there is a, you know, there's
there's always been that hope, Microsoft's gonna buy a Japanese company, and then we're, Japan's gonna have to take Xbox seriously again, and we all know Microsoft loves to buy buy companies up.
So, it was, it was almost like the rumor was kind of self writing itself there that Microsoft were the ones that were looking to get Square Enix although that really wasn't ever named, and I think some people out there were theorizing Sony could be buying
Square Enix as a response to Microsoft, getting ZeniMax slash Bethesda, but at the end of the day, we can talk about the coulda woulda shoulda is all we want. However, the end this doesn't always seem to happen which is what's interesting to me.
Usually, a lot of companies will respond to these sorts of things with, we don't comment on rumors and speculation and that whole thing right. That didn't happen here. And maybe that's because we've got stock price those sorts of things involved, because the stock
went up. Thanks to these rumors that they were going to get bought Square Enix came out and said, No, that is not the case. Square Enix denied that it's mulling a sale, or even that it has been approached by interested parties, saying quote, We do not consider selling off the
company or any part of its business, nor have we received any offer from any third party to acquire the company, or any parts of its business. So that got shot down pretty quick. And yeah, I'm looking at a press release dated April 16 2021, straight from Square
Enix Holdings, and they also kind of named Bloomberg by name, which is interesting. Let me actually I could read the whole press release here because it's, it's very short. It's titled today's media coverage, and it says, Bloomberg has reported today that there is interest from several buyers to acquire Square Enix. However, this report is not based off any announcement by Square Enix Holdings Limited. We do not consider selling off the company or any part of its business, nor have we received any offer from any third party to acquire the company or any part of his business that little segment that I do.
Just read a moment ago. So I think it's very interesting how Square kind of came in here and and put a very hard no on this. What are your thoughts?
Your words are interesting, but they are not based in fact, please go away.
Kind of, kind of. Loki, I see you grinning over there. What are your thoughts on all this?
You know, maybe they would have been more valuable as a company if they decided to, you know, port Final Fantasy 11 to mobile.
But I mean, I don't drive the decisions of that company.
Cheap shot, cheap shot.
Bobby Blackwolf says Bloomberg, hey, Company X, would you be interested in buying Square Enix? Company X, I mean, if they're for sale, sure. Bloomberg, Company X, seeking to buy Square Enix.
And maybe maybe it is a big commentary on some of these news outlets and how they do some of their reporting.
Fifth Dream is pointing out, isn't Bloomberg the one also fanning flames of Switch Pro rumors?
Well, those flames are everywhere. That's that's the Full House theme song.
Everywhere you look, everywhere there's a heart. That that is the Switch Pro rumors.
Go ahead. There's a thing that I have noticed with some of these companies that are.
This is what I'm trying to think of, like the business financial oriented, the ones that are usually for.
I would reckon an audience that's different than, say, all of us.
We care about financing. Right. But we're not watching the stock market or the big business stuff.
But I think that they're looking to try to gain that relevancy with a different demographic.
And you know what the news what it says is that that even bad publicity is publicity.
I think if they're touching on things that a different.
A demographic is interested in, then it's for them, it's going to generate interest from that new demographic, whether or not it's accurate.
You know, they can always go back and say, oh, correction posted, blah, blah, blah, in tiny print.
Yeah. But their name is there now with people who would not have otherwise looked at their journalistic media.
S.H.A. 100 Matt in chat over Twitch TV slash Vogue Network says, I don't blame Bloomberg too much since I'm sure they vetted it with sources that fed this info.
This was all nonsense in the end. It's stockholders, bankers feeding information to boost interest in the market, et cetera.
Yeah. And Bobby kind of piggybacks on this a little bit as well, talking about that's why there's so much Tesla FUD out there.
People are shorting the stock. And so they want bad news to come out. So they make up bad news in the hope that the stock falls.
This is the other direction. The stockbrokers want the stock price to go up.
So they put out FUD to raise the stock price and they can profit. And I think we all know the punch line here.
The stock price did go up 14 percent. So whoever sent anonymously that source to Bloomberg, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, right?
They got what they wanted. Also, just to point out, it very clearly shows how rigged the stock market is and how the rise and fall of the stock market itself is not a true gauge on how well the economy is doing.
Well, and this is all echoed by the Game Stonk thing that, you know, was huge.
Which is still going on.
Yeah, it's still going on, really.
And now Doge.
Well, yeah. And now cryptocurrency is the other huge one, too, is that, you know, you're absolutely right about the whole wanting to spread the word about something because I will see it all over my timeline by crypto enthusiasts.
Whenever someone like Elon Musk or whoever it is will say something positive about Dogecoin, then it's like we need to amplify that as much as possible.
So more people buy Dogecoin. So the price goes to the moon.
And it does.
And it kind of did this week.
Loki, I hope you have been well, I know you were interested in that.
This is how it works. So I have something to tell you, I directly directly control what happens to Doge, but just in the opposite.
So like any time I buy, it goes down. Any time I sell, it goes up. So, yeah, I see.
So you so you unloaded last week.
Well, no, I sold it. I sold I sold at 30. And I'm waiting for I was hoping it would drop because it was going up and down.
So I was trying to get it when it went back down a little bit.
And now it's sitting at 32. So that's typically what happened was I was originally in it for and I was at 30 something.
But like I had sold like a while back, too, because it was just dropping all over the place.
And that's like I said, I was trying to buy low, sell high. But, you know, that's not what that's all.
So I put it like a buck 50 in Bitcoin cash.
And I now have two dollars and ninety five cents after two weeks.
Yeah, I put 50 bucks into Ethereum a few weeks ago, just as a one percent drop right now.
Well, right now it does. But I put 50 bucks in like when all this Game Stonk stuff was going on.
And it was up to at one point it peaked at 92 last week. And I checked I checked the stuff at some point.
And it was like in the 80s today. But I mean, in my head, that 50 bucks to me was my legalized gambling budget, gambling budget.
You know, like I haven't been to Reno to gamble in well over a year or to play.
You know, I'm a grandma who loves to sit there in front of slot machines, Konami branded slot machines.
And, you know, play them and try to win money.
And I've probably won more on this whole digital currency thing than I have on any of the Konami slot machines.
Well, the the thing I guess the reason why I put in Bitcoin cash is because it was I mean, it was like.
Looked like it had a modest rise and it was I could do it through PayPal because I have a little bit of cash left in PayPal.
So it's like, why not? Yeah, why not? And actually it's gone up three cents while I was watching it.
It'll change up and down, like just in the seconds that you're there. That's how volatile the cryptocurrency stuff is.
But anyway, this isn't this isn't a crypto podcast. There's plenty of them out there if you want to check technology.
But I think a lot of us are kind of like, you know, well, to kind of bring it back to the home point about, you know, these this is the manipulation of the stock market.
And this really only interests the people that are into the stock market.
This whole conversation on the side that we're having does kind of bring back to the point of I think a lot more people now in 2021 feel empowered right now that the stock market is they're fucking right to.
And, you know, especially after what happened with the whole GameStop stuff, I think I think if there's anything you can take away from that, it's that there's a lot of people who have spoken up and said we're sick of the stock market being controlled by.
We don't really understand it. It's and we the people are going to take it back and do what we want with it.
And that essentially is what the GameStop stuff boils down to to me was that, you know, you're not going to kill off these brands in my childhood because then it was it was GameStop.
It was AMC. It was Blockbuster at one point. Wasn't it Blockbuster too? And like all these like weird companies.
It was Blackberry, AMC, maybe Nokia for a little bit.
Yes.
Yeah, but GameStop took babbages from me.
But anyway, my point is, is that, you know, I think now it's interesting to see how now that there's more people that are interested in stock markets because it's so easy to do it through apps and stuff and that have had the time to play with this stuff during COVID.
How these sorts of news may be diluted or whatever by social media and people out there who do have a passing interest, maybe not in Square Enix directly, but in the stock market and so forth.
I think it's interesting.
Yeah. All right.
Well, it's the big thing that a lot of a lot of people, I would say gaming enthusiasts of a certain age, don't consider.
Yeah, true. You know, is that you're the content that you get is almost directly related to mostly related to how well that company is performing for the big names.
If the company is not performing well, they're not going to want to allocate budget to those titles.
They're going to want to try to save their money and build their current revenue.
So it's all related.
This is all going to come up again later, by the way. We'll get into that when we get into it.
It's always going to come up. It's like the Hydra.
Yeah, true.
Let me ask a stupid question, and I'm fully going to admit this is a stupid question and I'm just asking it for the sake of discussion.
And this is a stupid question that a lot of YouTubers are going to be getting into on their channel this week.
And that is the question.
What do you think? What do you think Square Enix should do? What would you like to see happen to Square Enix?
What do you want Square Enix to sell to Microsoft? Do you think that's a good idea?
What do you want to see happen Square Enix?
And I'm saying this is a stupid question because as much as this may surprise you, it doesn't really matter what you think.
But that's not going to stop a lot of people from answering it anyway.
So what the hell? Let's indulge. We don't have that much news to talk about tonight.
Let's indulge a stupid question.
Rob, opinions are like assholes.
That's right.
Everyone has one.
So give us the fart on Square Enix. What do you want to see happen?
I just want to see them keep performing well and to release, I'd actually really like more of the older Enix titles.
You know, I want to see a return of some of the games that were, I'd say, big in the aughts, you know?
Like, I mean, I'll throw out Busta Move.
Like if you weren't going to say it, I'm like busta busta busta busta.
Yeah. But I would also like to see them do more, I would say, just interactive things.
You know, I would even say have some sort of better relationship with their targeted demographic.
You know, like maybe AR events.
You know, that's just an example.
Do more, you know, I was really pleased they released almost every earlier Final Fantasy game on iOS, you know, for iPhone and iPad.
I would like for them to have more interactive polling with their demographic and not just in Japan, but in the US as well or in their other markets.
Because I think that they'll find that they'll get a lot of good ideas for direction from their main fan base.
Loki, what about you?
I don't care what they do. I don't know.
They can sell to whoever they want, as far as like what games I want them to make.
I'm more talk about racing.
I think we all appreciate Square Enix as an independent company who does things with Nintendo sometimes, who does things with Sony sometimes.
Doesn't really seem to do a lot with Microsoft very often, but maybe that's going to change in the future.
You know, I shouldn't say that. I just feel like Microsoft doesn't really get exclusive stuff out of Square Enix.
It's usually kind of like the catching up stuff.
But we do see Square Enix playing along with Game Pass, and that's kind of exciting. So there is that.
So I like Square Enix kind of functioning as somebody a little bit more independent in this world and somebody that's very rooted in Japan and that sort of culture and getting the games out of Japan.
I realize I'm saying all that and you're probably typing this in chat right now.
There is a whole and what about the stuff that's rooted in Eidos and the stuff like Avengers and Tomb Raider and all that stuff is Square Enix stuff too.
Sure. And you know, Avengers, unfortunately, probably did not live up to the hype that was behind it.
I still feel like that game maybe can still be turned around, especially I talk about Game Pass.
I've said this before. I would think Avengers is going to be on Game Pass by the end of the year.
As I understand it, it's already a PlayStation Now title.
So for Sony's thing over there, and I feel like they might be able to make some money off of, you know, DLC and expansions and so forth by maybe they may have to give away the base game a little bit, but they might make money back.
But I think Square has a lot of good news going for it. Like, you know, Final Fantasy 14 continues to be a very, very good money maker and a very good news all around.
I know I'm freaking excited about Final Fantasy 16 at some point. I do wish, and this may surprise some of you that I'm going to say this, I do wish they would show a little love to Chrono Trigger already.
It's kind of ridiculous that we've had Secret of Mana, Trials of Mana, although that was very exciting to get second distance to three finally after all these years.
And now the Saga games, we didn't need to go back to the Saga games. Some are going to strongly disagree with me. I don't care.
Technically two games in the Chrono Trigger series.
So it is time to dust those off and give them some of the same lovin' they're given. I saw a great meme that was a SpongeBob meme where Squidward is like trapped inside and he's looking out the window where SpongeBob and Patrick are running down going,
And the SpongeBob and Patrick are labeled Mana Series, Saga Series, and the Squidward that's like looking at them says Chrono Trigger.
So it's like, you know, Square's not showing Chrono a little bit of love and that's kind of sad. Oh God, and who asked for Legend of Mana? Who did that?
Like, why are we getting these games redone and not Chrono Trigger?
The same people that are asking for all these Pikmin sequels.
I guess, or a Pikmin Niantic game, I guess.
Oh God.
ActDeft in chat says, I did, shut up. And to you I say, no you.
Enjoy, well you won ActDeft, you get your game, the rest of us are still waiting for Chrono Trigger. Alright.
Alright, now we're just delving it. Now we've gone past Stupid Question into Fanboy Wars.
So it is definitely time to change the topic and get into our gaming weeks. Let's talk about the types of games we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty good. I've been kind of sucking up on Animal Crossing actually so I'm back into playing.
And I have been doing a lot of studying for Dead by Daylight because I realized that as much as I love playing Legion one cannot live by Legion alone.
Even though there's four of them, but I only play Julie.
So I've been watching survivors.
I gotta say, sorry, it's just so interesting that I am watching random Twitch channels and I'll see you in chat all of a sudden and I'm like, oh shit, Jamie fell down this hole hard too.
It's not just me.
The lore is so interesting to me.
Yeah, no it is.
I mean, well, you know what, how I get with with a game if I'm going to be invested in it, then I'm going to be really invested in it. I am going to just watch so much and try to learn so much and read the character bios and everything that that's just how I function.
You know, I don't know if I'm going to love something I will love it completely.
Does that make sense?
Yes, of course it does.
So at any rate, I've been watching a lot of survivors streaming.
And I've made some some decent friends on the way I ran into.
I have funny enough I ran into another OLR fan.
By, it's Flea, F-L-E-E.
Oh yeah, I see Flea around sometimes yeah.
Yeah, and I've run into him a few times and actually we met up in, was it in, I'm trying to remember his chat it was in, I know that I followed him to LeppinNA's channel.
So A, Dead by DLI streamers chat of some sort.
Yeah.
So at any rate, I've been watching a lot of survivors because I want to know what the survivors tactics are so I can know what to look out for because I'm only going to ever play a killer.
You have to keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Exactly, I'm doing surveillance.
But I have to go back and play certain characters to get certain perks, even though I'm going to hate it.
I have to play Bubba.
I know for the ever elusive barbecue and chili, or you just you take a gamble and you wait for it to show up in the store.
Which it does every what five years.
Oh, yeah, people tell me it like the last time they had seen it in, in the archive was like two years ago. Oh geez.
So yeah, I have to play Bubba.
After Bubba I have to play Vomie Mommy.
The plague.
Um, because I need her was infectious fear or something is your, I gotta watch how much we delve into the dead by daylight chat tonight, especially after last week but let me ask this real quick.
Because I think you know the OLR people that have been kind of listening to this whole saga as we're falling further and further down this rabbit hole. Remember that you were like the first to like push me to try to play as Freddy, and all this.
So my kind of question is as your favorite killer changed is your favorite killer legion at this point or now that you've jumped into the lore is your favorite killer kind of somebody else or is it still Freddie.
Okay, character story wise.
My favorite is Rin, the spirit. Okay, sure.
Because I feel so sorry for her. Okay, as a character, just really sad story.
Um, I think for fun though I'm really like I want to eventually main nurse.
And I know she's hard. But I also really like Legion because I kind of just think that their character concept is interesting. And, and you know how my play style is is I like to kind of, if I'm gonna, if I'm gonna melee I'm gonna fucking melee.
So I like using feral frenzy, you know, and I've actually even in one game I kind of learned how to control feral frenzy a little bit better.
But I, I like playing as Julie, I mean, I like the character skin she looks great. I like the masks and they're just a cool series of characters. But my goal with going to Legion was to learn how to deal with the motion sickness for speeding up so fast,
so that I can move on to playing nurse.
Okay. All right. All I can say, sorry, before we kind of move away from the dead by daylight chat I was saying all I can say is that I like, I'm more excited to do a twitch con than I have been in a very long time, because I feel like because of this game
I am actively more participating with more streamers and that than I used to before. And I didn't watch twitch I watched plenty of it, but I feel like I'm more actively involved with a lot of that than I was before.
So there is that. So, I think it's excellent. I mean, and it really, I'm noticing a lot of female streamers. Yes, queer streamers, and a lot of queer streamers, and sometimes both.
Yep. And the thing that I think is also fun is that sometimes I'm running into streamers like, especially the play survivors who have other people on their, their audio with them.
So you can hear how they plan.
Yeah, and for me that just expands the, the whole aspect of it to me I think it's great.
It was fascinating the first time I did a Freddie game and one of the survivors had TTV in their name so I was able to go and watch after because I'm not going to do it during the match that's not cool.
But after I went and watched from her perspective, and it was fascinating. So, oh yeah, I kind of want to do that when. Well, it's almost like when our band director used to record our performances and then play them for us the next day at school.
Yeah, I would love to watch my own performance from that third person view. I want to quickly I don't usually do these during the show I usually acknowledge all of these things after the show but it's hard for me not to say the anonymous
gift or just gifted 10 subs in our chat and that's not cheap to do.
So I just yeah I really want to express my appreciation to whoever you are out there. You did it anonymously for a reason so I probably should have stopped the show to acknowledge that, but it still is just one of those things where I'm I'm always blown
away. Even if it's 10 bits, or it's you know 28 months straight or whatever it is worth the subs. I am always really blown away by the generosity and so forth of the listeners we have this program, and fog network in general so thank you thank you thank you to all of you
and I will I will read all of that after the show as I usually do. Anyway, dark soccer anything else besides Dead by Daylight?
Well just my other point is that I'm going to be streaming quite a bit more often myself I've been getting my stream put together I sent you music for my stream.
I totally thought that was music for this stream. I got excited.
Rob. What? I will graciously also donate it to Orange Island Radio. Oh, I was gonna say just maybe take it as a hint that you need to write more music because there's a lot of places to use it. For the record, I did an expanded version of it.
Oh, okay good. For the roughly three minutes, and it will, it can loop just fine. So you didn't get the, when I texted you saying this is great, can it be three minutes, you didn't know where I was going.
I thought you were saying you prefer that three minutes for your stream.
And I was like well I only need a couple of minutes.
So funny. No, I do. I have absolutely no problem I'm pretty proud of it. It's great. That's why that's why I just assumed it was for this.
I was using my city pop music that I made that I mean, I wouldn't mind playing it, you know, at the end of an episode sometime, but I, it was too long.
I mean, I wanted something that was a little bit more loopy sounding and not necessarily a full song like my city pop song that I did. Jamie you are the musician and you have full creative control if you want to write a song and use it on vogue, and your personal
stream quite frankly you have that right, so go off sis.
But the whole point was that I wanted something that sounded a little bit more loop and less full song. So, yeah, I gotcha.
All right, well, y'all will hear it next week. Maybe, if I can get the video updated because there's changes I want to make to that too but anyway, moving on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played Minecraft, more on that server that I've been on so that collusion MC thing so been filming stuff just building some basic farms tearing down those same farms again after I get tired of the not working quite right.
Had a pretty exciting night, a few nights ago some now trying to put together my first episode, and edit that down.
But, which is being stupid well OBS started being stupid at first and didn't record locally my stream day did last Saturday. So I don't know why that is, because it went out in the Twitch is fine so I downloaded off Twitch but it's a variable bit rate or variable
frame rate or whatever. And so premieres like I don't know what to do with this. So, now I had to export from Twitch to YouTube, and then I'm going to rip it from YouTube, to put in from here it's, it's a pain in the butt.
I've been fighting with this for like hours today.
Do you have access to Adobe Media Encoder as part of Creative Cloud, because you can fix it there. I, I do but it's not it's just because it's it's variable frame rate, there's another app I had to fix it as well and it ran, it was processing for an hour
to happen it failed at the last second, send it, send it to me and I'll use compressor to fix it. Now I'll just download it. I've already uploaded it to YouTube, I'm just going to download it with I have a 4k video downloader, you know work just fine.
It's just it's, it's just annoying. So I was recording voiceovers and stuff for that today. I've been working on building like an anime logo or whatever for YouTube, I have something cheap. And then that's it.
So, but yeah, a lot, lots of exciting stuff.
Alright, sounds good. My Gaming Week, a lot of the same stuff I also play Dead by Daylight, which we've talked enough about. I've also been playing.
I played Geometry Wars 2 isn't that random but I just went into my Xbox list and I was like what do I want to play and I was like I'm gonna play that. And I did and it was fun.
I love that it looks it. It's so different looking now than it was when I was on 360 because now you know there's that little like HDR in it and it just looks even better on my TV it's it's wonderful.
I also played some more No Man's Sky, big surprise I'm sure but there was actually a bug that was stopping me from playing that game for about a week, because I had a quest and I could not finish the quest because it was bugged.
Thankfully they did a build that they just pushed on like Thursday or Friday that fixed said bug. So I was able to progress again so that was very nice I'm still working on the third part of the expedition, which is a very grindy part.
I just finished my 15th fleet mission and now I need to do like two more space anomalies and like, I think three or four more raid the alien sculptures and get the stuff there.
The only bummer is that not every time you get a planetary chart does it send you to the thing you need. So it's just a lot of grinding but I'm still having a good time with it, I wouldn't play it if it wasn't fun.
So there is that.
Let's see. And other things I played this week Oh Final Fantasy 14 and now Rob talks about that every week so I'm sure that's not a surprise but there was a brand new content patch that hit on Tuesdays that's important.
The 5.5 content patch hit which expanded the main story a little bit. There's a brand new dungeon there's a new raid. So here's the interesting thing. There are three raids right now in Final Fantasy shadow bringers that are based off of Nier, automata.
I had done the first one the copied factory back in five one which, if nothing else you guys listen to the soundtrack. Oh my god, because I mean, near has a great soundtrack to begin with, but like the boss fight in the copied factory mixes a near song with
Final Fantasy song, and it like it's so good. It's so good. And the nice thing is the end. So I actually did the second part the puppets bunker I think it's called, I was a little behind on that one I hadn't done it yet.
I finally did it this last week, and I did the brand brand new one this week as well. I got to see all that for the first time and I completely already forgot what the new ones called, but I did that as well.
Every end boss has a near song mixed with a Final Fantasy song. I think the first one is the best, but they're all pretty good. And the last boss of the last raid is pretty great. She's like a train boss. So is Misty out there trains.
Because like there's a part where there's like rails that go through the arena, and you got to find the ones with the red light, and you hear little ding ding ding and then the trains go zooming by, and if you're on a track.
Like a Doom train? Yeah, well not really because it's near so it's a little bit different. But if you're on the green light ones and you get flacked by a train and fall out the platform so that's not very fun.
And then it does some other really cool stuff to where like a building will form underneath the platform, and then it'll go ding ding ding and the building will go whoosh, and like it'll fly up through the platform and if you're standing where the building goes you go flying too.
So it's kind of interesting. It's a very cool raid of some cool mechanics. I could not explain there's that third boss in there for those that are playing the game. I still don't know what the hell was happening in that fight that was crazy, but I had a good time.
It was good to be able to run that with friends. Both those later raids. So I've done all the Nier raids in Final Fantasy and I will say, I will admit, because I swear to God we get an email on this once a month.
Rob, have you finished Nier Automata yet? Nothing has made me want to play Nier Automata more than doing those raids this past week where I was like, God this game is so good.
And the music is so good. I really need to go finish that up. So there you go. That's my gaming week. A little more Final Fantasy and so forth.
We will get into the news. Let me quickly mention a little programming note. So I talked about this a little bit last week, the bonus stream for Shane's definitive Pokemon ranking.
I had said maybe we'll do it last Thursday. Well, we didn't do it because I, as I mentioned at the top of the show, I was really sick from those sites. So like I basically lost two days of my week and I needed Wednesday and Thursday to catch up on stuff myself.
So Shane and I are going to do that stream this Thursday. So on the 22nd, we're going to do the Shane's definitive Pokemon ranking stream.
So that'll be Thursday night, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern. So same time as OLR. And we'll be going over Shane's top Pokemon. We are not going to be able to rank all 850 because I don't have all fucking night.
But we will at least get into around, we're thinking maybe the top 50. We'll talk about a little bit there. So we'll get into that. It's enough to try. It is.
And I was hoping maybe Shane might do his top 50 and maybe like his bottom 10. I do want to hear the ones he really doesn't like as well. So there we go.
Bobby in chat says, Shane can go all night. Don't hold him back. That is true. But Alan and I have to share streaming on Thursdays a little bit because Thursday is his all killer, no filler night. So I have to share with him a little bit there.
All right. So we'll have you guys look forward to that on Thursday. All right. Now we can get into some news. Loki, why don't you start us off?
Yeah, so the PlayStation 5 has gotten some updates regarding the different improvements, including like some console storage or USB storage, because I know that was missing for a while.
So it was really hard to expand your storage, especially since I don't know how many of the SSDs out there of any are fully compatible with the PlayStation 5 right now.
And then, of course, you're not going to be able to directly download to them, but you can move the games on to them once they are downloaded to your SSD.
And then some other stuff. They have cross generational share play, which is pretty cool. So you'll be able to play with PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 players together.
And then also there's going to be the ability to mute people in voice within the groups as well as organize your library better and stuff like that and some PlayStation app improvements.
And then the other thing I saw, too, was some HDMI link that they had where you can actually power on your console and TV together if you have a TV that supports that.
So neat stuff. I'm glad they have the storage, though. That's pretty nice.
Yeah, I think a lot of people were looking forward to that. And I don't own a PlayStation 5 yet, but I still appreciate these releases because the system is going to be that much better by the time I finally get my hands on one.
So, yeah, the only other the other caveat to you about the storage is because it's not the SSD, you can actually play games off of that.
So you can basically just download and archive them there, but you actually want to play them. You have to move them to your local storage.
So it's OK. It's just, you know, any better if we had those SSDs.
Yeah, it's well, it's also very nice for bandwidth purposes. I think that's the best thing about it.
Yeah, because, like, honestly, I'm looking at a month this month where I might finally go over the bandwidth cap and I don't know what the hell I did to do it, but we are way high on the bandwidth right now.
Oh, that's streaming.
I don't. It might be, but actually I looked and the Xbox is using a crap ton of bandwidth.
I don't know if that was just I think it's I think I turned off automatic updates again because I think it's I think some some fucking games are doing like 40 gig patches and I don't need them.
So I feel I shut that off again.
I haven't checked, but I'm curious to see how much steam is using to keep probably keeps downloading the updates for cyberpunk, which are like 50 gigabytes.
Interesting. Yeah. So I and a word to those of you that might have metered Internet as well, like check that stuff because it's not it's not great.
So it's a big reason why I actually tell steam not to launch a startup.
Yeah. And turned all that crap off so that it's not even running in the background.
It sucks that I can't do that, but it is what it is because there's no competitor to the service I have out here.
So it's a bummer anyway. But you can turn off steam.
No, no, no. I mean, like the bandwidth issues. Yeah. So but yeah, no, I do turn off steam.
I don't have steam launch when the system launches for a very similar reason.
I don't need it updating everything for games that are in my backlog that I barely touch.
You know what I mean? That is annoying. Yeah, it is. All right.
Let's talk about another PlayStation issue. This one is not as great news.
This information that's coming out, it has to do with something called CMOS and what it's doing to older PlayStations,
as well as confirmed PlayStation five, apparently this past week.
So what is going on here? There's something called the CMOS battery.
You have one of these inside every PlayStation three and PlayStation four.
These are used to keep track of the time that is on the system, even if the system is unplugged.
That's why it's a battery. OK, so any time this battery is bad, then basically the system goes,
oh, you need to check the time on the server because it may be out of sync with reality.
OK, on PlayStation three, this always happens when you go into a game on PlayStation Store.
And you might remember when you I don't know how many of you played PlayStation three games recently,
but you could install games and they would have a countdown clock on them until the game is basically unlocked.
So that's part of the reason why this timing was important.
This also exists on the PlayStation four because it does a check when you install a game from a disk and so forth to just confirm the consistency.
And I believe trophy data is an issue on the PlayStation four as well, because if it didn't do that,
then you would be able to kind of time skip and exploit certain trophies that way.
So most people have no idea that this could be a thing later on because these batteries have an average life of about 10 to 20 years.
So especially in a PlayStation four, nobody's really starting to run out yet.
Some folks may start to notice it on the PlayStation three as well,
but it's not like it's that easy just to replace the battery and resync PSN, especially if they're going to shut down PSN on the PlayStation three.
In fact, if you think about it and go years and years into the future, there's not going to be time servers anymore.
So eventually these systems will try to run checks on games. It's not going to be able to do them.
It's not going to play games. And this is freaking a lot of people out, potentially prematurely.
But it's freaking people out because they're worried about game preservation and the discs that they buy suddenly having a system that will no longer be able to run those discs.
And you have some people that are like, well, what if I want to give this console to my kids someday and let them play the games?
Because this battery issue, I'm not going to be able to do it. By the way, this issue also exists in PlayStation five.
They actually had a volunteer basically sacrifice a PS five to be looked at inside and see, is this an issue in the PlayStation five as well?
And it turns out the answer is yes. And that was all discovered by a Twitter account called Does It Play?
So obviously, this shouldn't be an issue for any PlayStation five owner right now, because, again, those batteries will last a long time.
But it certainly has a lot of people going, but what if? And a lot of people are instantly jumping to the worst case scenario.
Like they do. As people tend to do. Again, back to the good old line of it doesn't matter what the facts are.
It only matters what perception is. And now the perception is out there that your PlayStation is a ticking time bomb.
And what's going to explode? Your ability to play any game that you've ever owned for the system.
That is the perception that's out there. The headlines and the hundred, I'm sorry, two hundred and eighty character tweets are putting out there right now.
And so this is more and more creating a problem from Sony for Sony, who already does not have the best reputation when it comes to the preservation of digital games.
On to, of course, the PlayStation three issue we were talking about last week and the Vita and the PSP with the stores are going to be closing soon.
By the way, just an aside, because I thought this was interesting because it came up on our Discord.
So we like to check up on our Discord every now and then over at VOG Network dot com.
That's VOG Network dot com slash Discord.
And there was some very interesting insight there from one of our listeners, 13X Forever, who is a regular listener of the show, I believe, on the podcast feed and was kind of giving some feedback there about, oh, did you hear the one about how people suddenly couldn't download DLC anymore?
And all of that broke. And oh, my gosh. Well, guess what? It was fixed.
Somebody was able to and he kind of laid out all the technical. How did it happen?
And he's like, I bet nobody's going to report on the fact that it was fixed.
Well, here we are. You're welcome. But I get I but I think I don't think he cares about us specifically.
I think it's more of the greater gaming media because, yes, the doom and gloom about PlayStation.
Oh, yeah. Oh, here we go already. You can't fit. You can't patch your games. We're all fucked.
We're not going to be able to play these games anymore. I think he has a point. How many of those same outlets are going to run the headline?
Never mind.
Again. Bad news. Bad publicity is good publicity.
I suppose so, isn't it? Anyway, Zen Monkey 11 in chat says people just noticed now.
I've been saying that since the PlayStation three Zen Monkey.
I think this is resurfacing because of the PlayStation Network news from a couple of weeks ago.
And the fact that it is still going now confirmed this week on PlayStation five.
That's kind of the headline of why it's rearing its head again this week.
Has anyone ever actually had a problem with a cartridge and the battery failing on a cartridge from back in the day?
You remember how those Zelda cartridges came with a warning? The battery won't last forever.
When did that finally happen? Dark soccer. I don't I I don't play games in any more so.
I don't remember. It was like what like I want to say it was like some other game.
It wasn't one of our it might have been one of our Zelda's. But I mean, you just go buy any battery and re solder solder it, you know.
Yeah. And I know our Saturn batteries have worn out like a bunch of times.
And I suppose that's what people are saying.
You're going to have to do these PlayStation three and PlayStation four issues someday is, you know, basically fix the battery.
But I would think, couldn't Sony just put out a firmware patch that changes this, especially especially for PlayStation three?
We'd like to think that. Not gonna because.
Do you think that you think this is going to put pressure on them to do so, especially in light of the fact that they are closing the store?
Do you think there's going to be pressure? Well, if you're not going to sell the software anymore, then get rid of this fucking check.
That's ruining our disk based games. Do you think they're going to have that pressure?
No, I think the pressure is there, but I'm not sure what will what will actually hold them accountable.
What are people going to do? Not buy a PS five?
Well, some of us don't have one. Yeah. Well, yeah, it's like most of us are not buying a PS five, but it's not for lack of trying.
You know what I mean? So it's just it's it's it's just interesting because I do think there's probably going to be that pressure on social media.
And I absolutely believe Sony will be asked about it when they start doing some of these summer, you know, appearances for whatever they're going to promote this summer and so forth.
But what is actually going to hold them accountable? There's money there.
Well, there's there's actually talk this whole thing. Some people are saying we need laws on the book.
We need laws that essentially a computing device must play the software that was made for it.
Even after basically after the online is not supported or forever, basically, that computing thing must play the software made for said computing thing and that perhaps this might be something that's legislated.
Nobody wants that. Now, I know I'm jumping I'm jumping to a little far out there, but that that could be the thing that holds Sony accountable.
There's going to be, though, there has to be some special wording about that to avoid pirate pirated and non.
Approved games. I don't know another word to say for it, you know.
Like what's to say that someone like like like the tango Nintendo thing, you know.
Yeah. Or, well, this burn of this game is intended to be played on it. We only use that.
Well, yeah, yeah, you're right. There would have to be something written in there that it would be, you know, the pirated stuff doesn't count, of course.
We know that. Yeah. So, yeah.
Or I would say unlicensed unlicensed material. Yeah.
Unlicensed software. Sure.
S.H.O. 100 Matt in chat says the pressure is there, but the folks who should care don't.
And that goes to what Rob was saying last week. They need a counterpunch to Phil Spencer.
They as in Sony.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says I found my Sega Genesis X band modem and the battery in there obviously died because it lost all my settings and it doesn't keep settings and I make new ones.
Also continues with another comment. The right to repair is a big deal.
So people won't be beholden to the Apple Genius bar to fix their iPhone or MacBook.
They're not. All they have to do is call.
So but but but.
I but not just with the sense of Apple or whatever computing device, but the right to ask somebody to change the battery in my Sony device should be a thing I'm able to do, which I believe it is.
I don't think that I think it used to be like if you don't go to a Sony approved thing, you're in violation of your warranty.
Not that warranties matter at the point that you're talking about changing the battery in your frickin console.
But I get it. I get it.
If it were me, I would have done it to where you can change the battery out like you can with the Saturn.
I mean, it's really easy to change the battery on the Saturn.
You know, you should have a little slot that you can change out your your battery.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Absolutely. Whosever cat that is.
All right. That is that is Smush screaming because it's dinnertime and other daddy has just shown up in the kitchen who and dared to pick up the food bowl.
So now Smush knows what's about to happen. So he's losing.
It's also my cat in the background.
Oh, we have dueling cats. Lovely.
And Midna is sitting out there.
Midna is sitting quietly in the other chair in the room.
Well, just sitting there like a little lady.
We can't all have a well-behaved cat.
Well behaved.
All right. Let's move on.
Dark soccer. What else can't we have?
We can't have Lord of the Rings games.
Well, at least from Amazon.
So Amazon's video game division canceled an online role playing game.
It was based on Lord of the Rings. It was announced in twenty nineteen.
It had been in developed by a dad that the words it had been in development by Amazon Game Studios,
along with a China based Leo Technologies holding that actually it was acquired by Tencent.
Also another Chinese company.
So this led to contract negotiations and a huge ass dispute between Amazon and Tencent that basically had the game canceled.
So they've been unable to secure their their terms so that they can proceed with developing the game.
They said that the development team is going to be moved on to other projects.
And this is just another thing, because I haven't really released anything successful.
You know, Amazon's track record on game publication leaves a lot to be desired.
Yes. And we're now five years down the line.
They've canceled Breakaway and Crucible. They canceled.
Well, they've delayed New World. We're not going to get anything out of them.
And I think all that money that was going to go to the Lord of the Rings game is now going to go to that TV show.
I'm sure you saw that headline about how one season of the Lord of the Rings TV show is something like it's it's damn near half a billion dollars.
Damn close, like 460 million or something like that.
Yeah, it's a lot of that's a lot of fucking money.
I'm pretty sure that New World is going to be so indefinitely delayed that by the by the time if it did come out, no one's going to care.
It'll be slightly used world at that point.
Or it will it will need like a major graphical overhaul before they could release it.
Yeah, that's that's sadly true, is that if a game's in development too long, then oops.
Now we missed the bar for the graphical fidelity we were going for the first time.
Exactly. All right. Let's talk about that big expo that happens every June where we're going to find out what games will be coming out.
Hopefully, actually, some things that get announced to E3 do end up getting canceled.
I'm sorry, Loki, this is actually your piece. I'm still stepping on top of you here. Loki, tell us about this.
All right. So E3 slots of different announcements as far as what we can expect.
It's not necessarily E3, some of the most of the stuff that they've announced is just stuff we had last year.
So we have the Wholesome Direct, which is coming in May, Summer Games Fest, June.
And of course, E3 is going to be between June 12th through the 15th.
So far, they've got Ubisoft Forward coming June 12th at 3 p.m. Eastern.
And then, of course, the ever exciting PC Gaming Show plus Future Games Show that's on June 13th.
And then we have PAX Online July 15th through the 18th with Game Developers Conference following that in July 19th through the 23rd.
And then at some point, Gamescom opening night live on August 24th.
So that's what your summer of game announcements is looking like so far.
Yeah, not a lot of details with who's actually presenting each thing.
But I'm hoping that we'll get some more announcements, especially Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, I guess Activision.
You know, there's other companies out there, obviously, that have things that they haven't announced yet when they're going to have their press conferences.
Microsoft especially, they always do something around that time.
So we need to see when those announcements are going to be.
But it's still way early. I mean, we're in April still. It's two months away at least.
I was going to say, under two months at this point. We're in April 18th.
Yeah, true. Yeah, it's also the end of the month.
Less than 60 days, y'all.
So, yeah, I actually say we should be hearing a little more specifics about who's going to kind of present what when pretty soon, I would think.
And I understand that we're not going to have a thing in person, but I'm kind of surprised they aren't trying to do something kind of smaller in person, even if not.
I don't know. But I guess I guess, you know, we don't want to get too ahead of ourselves when it comes to COVID and declaring victory on that too early.
So I'm just a little surprised they're not trying to do something small, especially for the people that really, really are in the industry who kind of need to do it.
Because they are doing conventions in some places.
It's just, you know, looks looks a little different than what you might think and probably not the E3 that you're used to.
But anyway. All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about an awards ceremony that doesn't usually involve video games.
It's the Hugo Awards. So Hugo Awards is it's science.
It's for science fiction and fantasy writing. The Hugo Awards are usually done at the World Science Fiction Convention.
And this is there's going to be the seventy ninth is coming up in August.
This is going to be the first year that they're actually going to honor a video game.
And they have announced the finalists for what is going to be declared as the Wendy Hugo Award, I guess the first Hugo Award for best video game.
And the finalists include Hades and Animal Crossing.
And a lot of people are kind of raising their eyebrows to Animal Crossing.
It's certainly not a bad game. I'm not here to say that. But it just you don't usually think science fiction.
When you think of animal. Well, maybe it is for some folks. I don't know. But anyway, other games that are nominated.
The Last of Us, part two, Spiritfarer, Blaseball and the Final Fantasy seven remake.
So kind of an interesting lineup of games there. Nominated.
As much as I love Animal Crossing, it doesn't tell a story. Yeah, it is.
Unless you're writing fanfiction based about, you know, your rivalry with Phil the Bird.
Maybe that's what it is, is the the head canon, so to speak, that people are writing for themselves since it is.
Oh, my God. Who hit Ed with the bug net?
I suppose they're just just the stories of island life and adventure that people are creating, because it is a pretty powerful tool for that stuff.
So. The day Marshall left me.
Anyway, not nominated, which surprises a lot of people, Half Life, Alex.
Now, that's a game you think of science fiction and all that, and it got pretty good accolades last year.
So it's a little bit surprising that that one is not there, but it is what it is.
I don't know where the nominees came from.
I'm sure they have a process that's outlined somewhere that I just don't have in front of me right now.
But that's that's the list.
I'm looking in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
And Bobby says, Is Blaseball even a video game?
I thought it was just a Web site to which Pixel Pacas replies.
It's a Web game of sorts. Quest Buster says it's a bizarre lineup, to say the least.
Yeah, it is. I'd be very interested, like kind of like how they came up with this list.
Not that I'm questioning it. I mean, it's, you know, their award ceremony, whatever.
But I'm just kind of curious, like, how did how did something like Blaseball get in there?
Which I I think I've maybe heard about that once or twice ever.
But but interestingly enough, I say that.
Yet I look at the replies to this tweet and like the first two are all like, go Blaseball, like the first two.
So it definitely has its fans that are thrilled about that.
So. All right.
Anyway, let's move on. Dark Sakura. Oh, something something we were talking about kind of earlier in the show a little bit, right?
Indeed. We are getting back to GameStop and stonks.
The stonks. Oh, anyway, I'm sorry.
I have to say so. Bobby is saying this is the third year of the award.
Apparently, it was won by Bandersnatch in twenty nineteen and in twenty twenty.
The outer worlds won it. Well, I swear what I was looking at said it was the first.
Is there are they changing?
They're honoring a video game for the first time.
Says pretty clearly, clearly here. I'm trying to see if like it's a different than what they posted something about the Nebula Award.
OK, so maybe it was. Oh, OK.
So there was an award for game writing, but not necessarily just for the video game period.
That I think is the difference there. Interesting. All right.
Sorry. Back to Game Stonk. Game stink.
Anyway, their CEO, George Sherman,
by the way, is under some speculation about leaving the company, got rid of about 12 million dollars in shares of stock.
And basically, those proceeds are earmarked by the company to pay compensation related taxes.
That's seventy six thousand ninety seven shares were withheld by Game Stonk upon vesting to cover taxes from the twenty nineteen inducement award.
And that's according actually to a regulatory filing from Friday.
The shares were valued at one hundred and fifty six dollars and forty four cents each or about eleven point nine million.
Game Stonk hasn't hasn't commented on it, but.
Ryan Cohen, who is their incoming chairman.
Is is basically he forfeited ninety eight million in compensation after failing to help them meet their performance targets.
So we'll see.
Well, that's nice to see someone not get an award because they didn't do what they said they were going to do.
Too many times we hear about these executives getting huge ass bonuses when it's like you didn't do anything.
You made you made the situation worse, in fact. So I guess there's that.
But I'm still always kind of raises eyebrows when you see an executive sell off a big amount of stock like that, even though it sounds like they're kind of trying to explain it.
But where's that money come from? It still means that ship is sinking.
Yeah. Where's that money come from? All the people that was trying to send Game Stop to the moon and held out.
Right. That's where that money is going to come from. Right. So anyway, we'll see how that goes.
Moving on. Loki kind of wrapping up some big announcements from this week, right?
Yep. So we had another Nintendo indie world, I guess, direct, if you will.
And lots of different games were kind of announced, different things coming to the switch.
So, of course, some of the highlights there. We had looks like Cris Tales, which looks like a pretty cool looking JRPG.
Road 96, which is a procedural road trip adventure game.
They showed some more gameplay of Ninja Turtles Shredder's Revenge, which looks awesome.
I can't wait to play that. It looks good. They had Olli Olli World is going to be coming to the switch as well.
The House of the Dead remake. I'm curious to see how that works out.
I wonder if the actual Joy-Cons can work as like kind of like gun type things.
Otherwise, it'll be kind of weird with the analog sticks. But yeah, excited about that.
Looks pretty cool. What else? Oxen Free 2 lost signals.
So that's pretty sweet. And that's coming later this year. What else?
Skull the Hero Slayer. The Aztec Forgotten Gods.
And a game called... what was it?
Aerial Knights Never Yield. So lots of cool looking stuff.
And, of course, Fez also was something that, you know, it's been out on every platform, but now it's also coming.
Oh, who cares? Sorry, but that game is long past its prime.
What about there was that Konami game that showed up in the indie showcase that kind of raised a lot of eyebrows, right?
So it's a remake of an old Konami game. And they were saying it's a game. It never came out here.
So it's not one that most people here would know.
That's it. But they say that kind of had a huge influence on the Ninja Turtles game, the Konami one.
Not the arcade game, but the original Konami Ninja Turtles game that some people loved and some people thought was difficult garbage.
Do they have an underwater dam level in that game as well?
I don't think so, but I'm assuming they have something just as frustrating in it.
But a lot of people are kind of raising their eyebrows because it's like, what is it? What is Konami doing at the indie expo?
Is that what we've kind of reduced ourselves to? But my understanding is that it's still kind of being indie developed.
It's Konami publishing it, right?
Yeah, that makes more sense. Yeah.
So but, you know, now, of course, then that has everybody running crazy, like, oh, Konami is back and they're going to do Silent Hill next.
Look out. It's kind of like one of those, hold on, put the car in park. We're not ready for that yet.
You know, let's let's see what happens with this still.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says supposedly it's a roguelike. And yeah, the NES original was apparently inspired by GFD's engine, from what I heard.
Yeah, like it was kind of like a similar engine or something like that. So interesting that we're getting that.
Yeah, it's very unexpected.
Yeah. All right. Moving on, let's talk about this. So Nintendo has taken the leader of Team Executor to court.
But you're not going to see that headline anywhere.
Nope, the headline you're going to see is Nintendo suing Bowser, LOL, because yes, Team Executor is led by a guy named Gary Bowser.
And isn't that ironic that it also happens to be the name of the current American, you know, head, American president of Nintendo is Doug Bowser.
So LOL, all these Bowser's all over Nintendo.
But I guess it doesn't make us exciting of a headline when we say Nintendo is going after the leader of Team Executor.
It's nope. Nintendo is going after Bowser. Anyhow, so what's going on here?
So Nintendo did file a lawsuit against Gary Bowser.
He is the head of the Switch hacking group Team Executor.
And why are they suing him? Because of allegedly violating copyright by making and selling hacks.
This is not the first time this guy has been in the news.
And you might be thinking this as well, like, didn't this already happen?
Yeah, he was arrested in the fall and they thought, you know, this, this would be it.
But no, the company wants to punish the leader for the copyright violation and two counts of trafficking.
Basically, they are alleging that this guy runs an international pirate ring, distributes the SX Core, the SX Lite, and the SX Pro, these Switch-oriented hacking tools.
And Team Executor is alleged to be selling this for profit.
And if successful, Nintendo gets to shut down the operations.
They get $2,500 for each traffic device and $150,000 per copyright violation.
So the financial penalties are going to be very, very large.
And that means this Team Executor will be done for, assuming Nintendo wins this, which these types of cases are going to be very hard on the defendant.
I mean, we'll see, but I bet it's a settlement before it ever goes there, but we'll see.
Anyway, is it any surprise to anyone?
Nintendo has really been cracking down on this type of stuff lately, especially, I mean, they do it for the old stuff, too.
But especially now that we're talking about the current gen stuff, the Switch, Nintendo does not like to see that.
Our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network is saying such great comments as Bowser on Bowser action, Bowser v. Bowser, two Bowsers, one Switch, a tale of two Bowsers.
A Bowser will win this case, but who?
Thank you, chat, for providing all of that lovely commentary.
All those headlines.
Gold.
Yeah, all those things I can name my YouTube on this later on, so.
So much gold.
Dark Tetsuya says, you think this guy would try to stay off Nintendo's radar with a name like that?
Yeah, yeah.
So the Bowser jokes, they just don't stop.
But there you go.
Black Compat-
Ain't no party like a Bowser party.
Black Compat in chat says two Bowsers, one Switch is so wrong.
Lol.
It kind of is, though.
It kind of is.
All right, we need to, we need to cleanse ourselves a little bit.
We need to cleanse the palette.
We need it.
We need something.
We need something nice and family friendly to come in here and fix everything.
So what-
Family friendly us.
I just spoiled that one.
I hit the wrong button.
Maybe people are already going to be able to tell what is the classic game of the week that Rob just pushed the button for a little early.
Every-
Girl.
Every week, Dark Soccer, it only showed the screen of the publisher.
That might not totally give it away.
We'll see.
It's the classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
Hey, you guys should be checking this game out this week.
So Dark Soccer, what game?
It's a game that brought up a bunch.
You, you have, we've all talked about this game.
And in fact, very recently did we talk about this game.
And I think some of you out there-
Yes we did, which was my inspiration.
I think some of you out there were waiting for when we would talk about this game.
And so let's get to it so I can hit the button the correct way this time.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game is The Lost Vikings.
So The Lost Vikings, it is a puzzle platforming game.
And for the record, when I see Interplay, the first thing I actually think of is Clayfighter,
just saying.
Yeah.
So I didn't, I maybe didn't give the whole thing away, but yeah, I accidentally showed
that Interplay logo there for a hot second.
And I don't, have I done Clayfighter?
I don't remember.
Who doesn't?
Who cares?
Anyway, The Lost Vikings, it is a puzzle platforming game that was developed by Silicon and Synapse,
which is now Blizzard Entertainment, published by Interplay, as we could see on the logo
that Rob teased us with.
It was originally released on the Super Nintendo, Super Famicom in 1993, and has since been
released to the Amiga, Amiga CD32, MS-DOS, Mega Drive, Genesis.
And the Mega Drive has a distinction of containing five stages that were not present in any other
version of the game and can be played with three players simultaneously, where the SNES
one was, you have three characters, but two people can play.
That actually kind of struck me funny as why there wasn't a third person play, like using
a multi-tap or something.
But anyway, the game, I'll go into other rereleases and whatnot about it and other versions, but
it was released on April 29th, 1993.
So we're coming up on the anniversary of the game soon.
But in this, you have three Vikings, Erik the Swift, Bylog the Fierce, and Olaf the Stout.
They get kidnapped by Tomater, the emperor of the alien, Crutonian empire for a zoo.
They're going to be in a zoo.
But they escape and then they get lost in time and they have to go through different
places to try to fight Tomater and get home.
So at any rate, it is a side schooling platform adventure, but it's also very puzzle oriented.
You have to have all three characters alive to beat the puzzles because every puzzle is
going to rely on a strength of one of the three Vikings.
So for example, Erik can run faster than the other two.
He can jump and bash through walls and enemies with his helmet.
Bylog can kill enemies with his sword or shoot them with a bow.
He has a lifetime supply of arrows.
The bow can also hit switches from a distance.
Olaf can block enemies and projectiles with his shield and he can also use a shield as
a hang glider.
That doesn't make any sense to me, but oh well.
Olaf's shield can be used as a platform for Bylog to walk over and allow Erik to reach
higher areas.
So if any of the Vikings each have three health points and they can lose it if they get hurt,
they can lose it if they get hurt or fall from a great height.
And if any one of them loses their health points, he dies and you really can't finish
the game.
You will have to restart the level and try again, but you get unlimited continues.
As far as other versions, as I was saying before, it was re-released for the Game Boy
Advance in 2003.
In 2014, the game was added to Battle.net as a free download emulated through DOSBox.
And for their 30th anniversary, Lost Vikings was re-released for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo
Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One as part of the Blizzard Arcade collection in February
of this year.
There also was a sequel called The Lost Vikings 2 that came out in 1997, but who knows?
It may be its own classic in its own time.
So let's get into the many, many appearances of these Vikings.
So now there's a game that Dan is super fond of and he's been playing a lot of the new
rock and roll racing.
But in that game, Olaf and Bylog have an appearance in the game.
Olaf can be unlocked as a hidden character and Bylog appears on billboards advertising
Viking Cola on the planet Bogmire.
For the 32X version of Blackthorn, all three Vikings are in a secret area in the second
snow level.
They've also appeared in Clay Fighter.
Olaf is in Helga's ending with Helga being his girlfriend, but she dumped him for Tiny.
Aww.
Eric and Bylog's faces appear animated in sculptures in the Sage Clay Keep for Clay
Fighter 2 Judgment Clay.
And they were supposed to be appearing in Clay Fighter 3, but that game, well, it didn't
happen.
Anyway, they've appeared as NPCs in World of Warcraft in the dungeon Uldaman, which
is probably just one of my favorite places because I used to go there to farm stuff before
they, you know, had it scale up to your level.
And you can kill them.
Yes, you can kill them.
But at any rate, if you're hoarded, yeah.
One of the quests in Uldaman requires you to collect the Shaft of Sol, the Amulet of
Genikiviv, which spells out lost and Viking when read backwards.
The Shaft and Amulet are combined to form the Staff of Prehistoria, which is the theme
of Uldaman, you know, basically being little dinosaurs and shit and going in with lost
Vikings.
In World of Warcraft Cataclysm, they were prominently in an alliance faction quest in
the Badlands and Eastern Kingdoms.
In Warlords of Draenor, Olaf can appear as a random daily quest NPC if you have the Frost
Wolf Tavern or Lunar Fall in as a building in your garrison.
In Warcraft 3, the Frozen Thorns monolith scenario, the Dark Troll commando heroes are
named for the lost Vikings, Eric Swift by Lug the Fierce and Olaf the Stout.
And a unit in Starcraft 2 is called the Viking and a picture of their unit on the website
is subtitled The Lost Vikings.
You can also select Viking outfit that makes the Viking pilot.
This is in Starcraft 2 again.
Merrick mentioned the three lost Vikings getting lost and he tried to contact them.
And the coordinates are set for Norse by Norse West.
There's also an arcade console in the Cantina Battleship Hyperion in Starcraft 2 called
The Lost Viking, which is a playable minigame.
They returned as playable characters in Heroes of the Storm and they are unique in that you
can either play them as a single unit or you can control them individually by giving them
commands separately.
So I remember that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But going back to the lost Vikings, it got some pretty favorable ratings for SNES and
Genesis from all game.
Well, actually, the Genesis version got slightly lower ratings than the SNES version at four
stars and Genesis got three and a half from all game.
EGM gave it a six point eight out of ten.
But what do they know?
And video games and computer entertainment gave them a nine out of ten.
But I think the big thing that they got scored down for from EGM was the fact that they were
looking at the Genesis version and that it doesn't have as good music as the SNES version.
All right.
And I'm sorry, just an observation from our chatter or a rumor, if you want to believe
it, dark to see in chat says, I just saw a story apparently that the Blizzard arcade
collection is getting additional games, which includes Lost Vikings two.
So that's great.
If true, we love to see those collections that get games added to them after the fact,
especially especially if it's not an additional cost, if it's additional costs, then well,
maybe it'll still be worth it because this was a fun game.
Well, there's also another theory out there that the game may have been influenced by
an Amiga game that was released by Cocktail Vision and later Sierra Online called Goblins
with lots of eyes.
That was a kind of a similar game in theory.
And but that's it.
All right.
It's it's a pretty interactive, fun game.
Supergamer gave it a ninety two percent rating when it was released.
So there you go.
All right.
Vikings.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
The Lost Vikings.
May they drink and definitely one that has continued to have influence over Blizzard
games to this day, which our soccer is kind of naming all those subsequent appearances,
even if for whatever reason, Blizzard never really did a Lost Vikings follow up, probably
because they just lost Vikings, too.
Well, I mean, sorry, I should say like all these years later, like a modern Vikings,
if you will.
But but maybe they just can really figure out where does that fit in today's game plays
like you look at the types of games Blizzard makes.
They like to make ongoing games that are, you know, trying.
I guess that's true.
So I don't have room for the puzzle games out there.
Yeah, maybe, maybe, maybe so.
So it's just interesting.
Blizzard hasn't revisited that, but maybe that's part of you know, they have that 30th
anniversary collection was a way for them to celebrate that again.
And then by throwing Lost Vikings two potentially into that as well is pretty, pretty big as
well.
So.
All right.
But I remember playing that on PC back when it first came out.
So I do I do recommend checking that one out because it's nothing like Warcraft or Diablo
or anything else that Blizzard did.
And again, they weren't even called Blizzard back at the time.
There was Silicon and Synapse or whatever they were.
But it was a very different type of game for them.
But it's still neat.
And yeah, you kind of see see these characters that showed up in like you said, Heroes of
the Storm was a big, big deal for that and so forth.
So absolutely.
All right.
Well, let's I just I just remember when I when I was playing Wow and went into Cataclysm
and I was doing all of my farming.
And I think I messaged you, Rob, there's Vikings here.
And I don't even remember making the connection at first.
And then I was like, oh, yeah, because that was their game way back in the day.
Yeah, that was that was fun.
Yep.
All right.
Let's let's check out some other news going on in the gaming industry, but let's do it
kind of quick in a segment called Rapid Fire News.
Loki.
Yeah.
Yeah, so we've got some pretty cool announcements, including that now your smart device owned
by Amazon, like I said, the name is not to trigger that stuff.
You can now control your Xbox Series X or Xbox Series S.
You have to spell it like when you're doing A L E X A.
You have to do it like like when you're talking about things in front of the kids, you don't
want them to know about.
You have to spell it.
Although that is Alex.
That is Google's device, though.
That's my Google's device.
OK, it's it's Amazon, Alex.
And it can now control games, but you can actually tell it to download certain games
from Game Pass and it will allow the app to do that for you.
Of course, you have to link your Microsoft account to it.
But if you do that, then you can do it.
So that's a neat little thing that you can do that I will probably never use.
And then to continue on with the the myriad of cameos that we've had for the season of
Fortnite, now we have Aloy from Horizon Zero Dawn making an appearance.
Aloy.
Fortnite.
That's fine.
Aloy, whatever.
And that's actually that started this week.
So interesting to see who else they're going to add to this.
It's becoming quite the Smash Brothers of of, you know, arena fighting games.
I love the 2020s, the game.
Yes, exactly.
And then some really.
I mean, things like Tron and stuff in there.
It's I love the 2020s and then some.
It's it's a pop culture orgy is what it is.
Let's just call Fortnite what it is.
All right.
It's like we'll take money from whomever you want your character in here.
You got the money.
Yeah, we'll throw it in there.
It's pop culture.
Gun orgy.
The game.
Yeah.
All right.
Mr. Peanut.
Yeah.
We're going to bring Mr. Peanut in here.
All right.
I like to do that.
I'd like to see Steakhams.
Steakhams.
Steakhams versus Mr. Peanut.
Dropping woke knowledge on the various matches.
All right.
Dark Soccer.
What do you have for us?
Oh, I still hope that I'll be able to play this through Stadia.
But Mass Effect Legendary Edition is going to have something beautiful.
It's going to have photo mode so I can take pictures of my space bird husband.
Garris.
What kind of what kind of pictures of Garris?
Tasteful ones.
Get your mind out of the gutter.
I was thinking black and white photography.
Well, OK, I'll take sexy poses anyway.
So, yeah.
Garris photo mode in Mass Effect Legendary Edition also.
And there's been a lot of talk of this in some of the chats I've been in, but Resident
Evil is joining Dead by Daylight in June for their next big release.
We don't know who it is.
Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
This means Silent Hill and Dead by Daylight.
I'm sorry, Silent Hill and Resident Evil in the same game.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, the game is just this huge multiversal crossover anyway.
I love that analogy you gave last week.
It's it's the multiverse of 80s and 90s horror movies.
It really is.
Well, at any rate, all that you see in the teaser is just, you know, someone on the hook.
You see feet and you see an umbrella badge falling.
Now, we have had all kinds of speculation about this in our various chats, and I still
think it would be absolutely hilarious if the killer is Albert Wesker.
And that you have to play Barry and Rebecca.
I mean, we got to we got to survivors from the Stranger Things.
So why not?
So, so quickly, who do you want it to be?
Who will it be?
Because I mean, for me, the the who will it be?
I actually think it will be Wesker.
It would be cool if it was Wesker.
My, my, my want I want Lady Demi.
I want her domestic.
I'm sorry, I can't say it, but I want her because honestly, you know, and I know, yes,
I want the whole fanboy explosion that would happen with that.
But I think she would be a great killer.
I really do.
And we need a fucking vampire in that game.
I think it but but of course, you think of Resident Evil, you think more of zombies.
And so I kind of think that's why it's going to be or it's an act Efton Chad is saying
Nemesis and it makes a lot of sense to but I think Wesker Wesker.
I feel like it's going to be a human of some sort human.
We've already got the big lumbering hulking, you know, characters true.
We have.
I mean, I would put a trapper in that category a little bit and
the huntress definitely isn't that huge lumbering category so quickly.
Who do you who do you want it to be?
Who do you think it will be?
I would love to have a Code Veronica pack where the killer is like Alexia Ashford and
you have Steve and Claire.
But I would really like, of course, Chris, Jill and and the Mr.
X or Tyrant or whichever one it was.
Yeah, it might be that.
I think likely because I think the next Resident Evil game is supposed to be centered around
Chris and Jill again.
It might be unlikely that we're going to get the bigger names as characters in Dead by Daylight.
Then again, it could happen.
I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if we end up with something like like Barry and Rebecca
and maybe some other, you know, big hulking lumbering beast.
I would love, though, for the like my wet dream would be to have Wesker be the killer.
All right.
All right.
Rapid fire news.
We should probably move on.
Thank you for indulging a little bit there.
But the news of that pack is pretty exciting.
I have to go retrieve a cat.
Give me.
Yeah, we can see Miss Midna walking around there on the floor.
It's kind of cracking me up.
All right.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates, starting with Loki.
I love it.
I love what Jamie thinks.
She's turned off her camera and she has.
Oh, wait.
Maybe she actually meant to leave it on because she she's picking up a minute.
Anyway, let's check out release dates.
Loki.
So we have MLB The Show 21 coming on PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox Series X.
Outlier mysterious trilogy deluxe pack on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation four.
We have MotoGP 21 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox Series X and Stadia.
Scourge bringer on PlayStation four and Vita smelter on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Wonder Boy, Asha in Monster World on PC, Nintendo Switch and on PlayStation four.
Wraith The Oblivion Afterlife on PC and Android.
We've got Judgment on PlayStation five, Xbox Series X and Stadia near replicant version one point two two four seven four four eight seven one three nine.
Dot, dot, dot on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
The near remake Loki.
Hey, that's the title. I'm going to say the title.
OK, fine, fine.
That's how we're going to refer to it every time.
Death end request.
Just no, just no.
The day this show inevitably ends, the final episode number will be pie and you have to read it in full.
All right.
That'll be the show.
OK.
And that's it for the week.
All right.
Let's look at Japan and check out the releases over there.
So on the switch this week, coming out on the 22nd.
Tokkei Jikake no Apocalypse in a regular and limited edition.
Ride in four.
Cross Mikado Remix in a regular and limited edition.
Rolling Gunner and Overpower in a again, a regular and a complete edition.
That same Wonder Boy Asha in Monster World.
I think we're as retro fans are really looking forward to that.
That is also out in Japan this week.
And we get an Atelier mysterious trilogy deluxe pack coming out this week in all sorts of different configurations there.
And I believe the games are also releasing individually if you want to buy them that way.
Japan also gets Fight of Animals comes out this week.
Wait.
So is this a game where, like, animals fight?
Like, what?
Oh, my God, I think it is what it would imply.
We already have brutal this.
No, y'all.
Oh, my God.
You have to see this game.
The screenshots are cracking me up.
It's like a fighting game.
It looks like Street Fighter and it's like Power Hook Dog versus Mighty Fox.
And this is crazy.
Hold on.
Hold on.
I got to I don't know if I have a scene set up for Twitch to show this.
Do I?
Hold on.
I'm sorry, guys.
We'll do it live.
We will.
What's this game called again?
Fight of Animals, Nintendo Switch.
Oh, it is in the US as well.
Yeah, it's already out.
Oh, wow.
So it's getting its own release over in Japan.
Let me see if this works.
Does this work?
Oh, I have no idea what I just did there.
Well, I don't.
OK, yeah, that's not going to work.
Sorry, guys.
So you'll just have to know I want this to work.
Hold on.
Well, then let me let Midna out of the room.
OK, there we go.
I got it.
OK, so I got it to show on the screen there so you can actually see how ridiculous this
game looks with like the Hulk up dogs and all this stuff.
Like what is going on there?
That looks ridiculous.
I don't see the horn version in the bottom.
They have slender cat long man.
I bet I better get that off the screen then if there's like Rule 37 showing up in there.
Sorry.
Unintentional.
Anyway, so that's that's this game.
And it looks insane.
I love it.
So that is coming out of Japan this week, which apparently already existed in the US
and I didn't even know.
So the more you know.
Also coming out this week in Japan, Yo-kai Watch one and Yo-kai Watch four go into the
best hits because I think they're really trying to unload those and then typing quest.
No word if Mavis Beacon is a ancient sage in that game.
But that game is out on the switch this week as well.
PlayStation 5 gets Werewolf the Apocalypse Earthblood is out this week in Japan.
And the PlayStation 4 I imagine has a lot of those same titles as the switch.
Oh, NieR Replicant is also getting its Japanese release this week as well as that Atleur trilogy.
Werewolf the Apocalypse.
There's an Assassin's Creed double pack this week with Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag and Rogue.
That is out this week and Overcooked all you can eat Japanese edition is out this week.
All right, that's a lot of releases.
How about Europe?
In Europe, we have a few things going on.
We have Judgment on the 21st.
On the 22nd, we have World War One Verdun Western Front.
We have World War One Tannenberg Eastern Front as well.
We have Taxi Chaos on the 22nd.
Also, MotoGP 21.
Pure Pool on the 23rd.
Chess Ultra on the 23rd.
Actually, the rest of these I have are on the 23rd.
We also have Zombieland Double Tap Road Trip.
Urban Flow, NieR Replicant.
And that's it.
Oh my god, the trailer for this game is fucking hilarious.
I know, I just saw Tigerclaw link that.
So now I'm like, way to stop the show, Tigerclaw.
Because now I'm not going to be able to sit here and not look at this trailer.
It's been out for a year already.
Fight of Animals.
Well, you know what, Jamie? We don't have time to play every single game.
So sometimes they fly under the radar, don't they?
All right, let me see how this goes.
I'm going to just pray this works and doing it live.
Okay, it's very loud. Sorry, I'm going to turn it down the audio just a bit.
Sorry, I don't know who puts static in the beginning of their trailer, but they do.
All right.
So we can see there.
This is...
I feel like I'm looking at, like, the next step before furry porn.
Is what I'm really looking at.
No insults.
This is so out there.
No insult intended to any furries.
I'm just saying, I've seen this before on dark parts of the internet.
Oh my god, they really do have Longcat as a character, except they called it something else.
Slendercat.
Yeah.
You know what?
I don't mind that something like this stops our show.
It's great. All right.
All right, everybody say thank you, Tiger Claw, for stopping the show.
Thank you, Tiger Claw.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's see, we did all the Europe releases as well, right?
Yeah.
And then we can get back into some news.
And I think we start with some news on Loki's favorite game.
Yes.
So unfortunately this week they did announce a delay for the newest update for Minecraft Java Edition.
Actually, all editions, I guess.
Caves and Cliffs.
So some of the changes that are going to happen now.
Originally it was supposed to come out this summer, but now they're splitting it into two parts.
So they have the initial update, which is still scheduled for this summer,
which is going to add some new building blocks and I believe the new mobs that are in the game.
So the axolotl, the glow squid, the goats.
And I'm not sure if they're adding the new mobs in there as well,
but at least the passive stuff that they've had in the betas right now.
So that's all supposed to come out this summer.
Then the brand new cave generation that's been happening,
the massive update that's completely redesigning that.
That's going to be a holiday release.
They're going to do an update for that as well.
Tell me more about that.
How do you redesign the way caves are generated?
It's completely nuts.
So right now everything's kind of spaghetti that's just all over the place.
These kind of spaghetti things.
So the brand new caves are very varied.
So they have different biomes in there.
For example, they have lush caves with like tons of greenery and moss and stuff.
They've got dripstone caves with stalactites and stalagmites in there.
Giant caves filled with water.
And then all of these different cave types are also having different generations.
So there's some that are these massive caverns that are just absolutely enormous.
Some with different varying water levels that are in there.
So you can have different underwater caves.
There's some caves there they call like Swiss cheese caves and stuff.
So it's all this different cave generation.
And then on top of that, this is probably why they're delaying everything.
They're increasing the build height in the game.
So they're increasing, I think, by 64 blocks.
And they're also decreasing the bottom down to negative 64 instead of zero.
So below that, you've got like the well, they were calling it the deep dark at one point.
I can't remember. That's what they're still calling now, but they've got different stone types in there.
And then they're supposed to have, gosh, I'm trying to remember what the big new monster is.
I think it's like a it's not a guardian, but I don't remember.
But it's some monster that's basically blind.
You can only hear sound, but it's supposed to be like this big OP thing.
Interesting.
So that's that's coming later, the different build height stuff.
So right now it's going to be new block types.
They may still have like the geodes and stuff that are in there right now.
So basically what we have in the betas, so the axolotls, which are pretty cool.
The glow squid, which is kind of useless, but it's the item you can make stuff glow and the goats, which are pretty neat.
And they ram stuff.
Those are all going to be coming initially in the summer.
And then the new cave generation, which is going to require them to be able to.
They really have to get the game performance to run with the extra chunks, basically, that has to load.
And so that's going to be coming the holidays, they say.
And they just needed more time.
They didn't want to push crunch and all that stuff.
So I appreciate them doing that.
I can wait.
But yeah, it's still pretty exciting.
All the changes they have coming.
And there's still a lot of stuff that's not in the betas yet, like archaeology and stuff that they haven't really shown us yet.
But copper and everything is going to be coming.
That all sounds like a reason to really visit Minecraft again, if you haven't in a while, like me.
Because, yeah, you're right, the cave layout, it's kind of like it gets old because it all looks the same.
You know, basically interesting.
Yeah, basically, like they've said, it's like you've seen one Minecraft cave, you've seen them all.
Well, not anymore.
So with this, it's going to be very, very.
Now, however, though, like, say, for example, you can't wait for a holiday, they will have a data pack that's available.
So data packs are kind of like mods for Java edition.
It tweaks different things in the game.
So they have a data pack available that you'll be able to download in the meantime to add that cave generation in there.
Now, granted, it may not be as smooth.
It may still be a little bit beta.
But it is something you can check out, even though it's not fully operational yet.
So that's something that they're adding in the meantime that you'll be able to check out if you want to start with that.
OK.
But, yeah, it's really cool.
You got to check out all the videos for it and stuff.
All right.
Well, another thing I think some of us have our eye on and want to check out is Phantasy Star Online 2 New Genesis.
So after many, many years, you know, Phantasy Star Online 2 finally came out in the US, thanks to a relationship between Sega and Microsoft or Xbox.
And we finally got that.
In fact, I was very happy to see it, but it was almost overwhelming because, like, all the content there was to catch up on was, like, all there.
And it was like, I have no idea, like, what I'm doing.
I just feel like over overwhelmed.
But the cool thing is, is that it's done successful enough, not just here, but in Japan, that they're going to launch this whole new Genesis.
So it's a way to in a way to start over.
And my understanding is that this is something that's going to run concurrently with Phantasy Star Online 2.
And this is like like I don't want to make it sound like, oh, they're erasing all PSO2 and starting with this.
It's not really the way it's working, from what I understand.
This is something that kind of exists as like a separate thing, but you can use like some of the stuff you've earned in Phantasy Star Online 2 with it.
Well, if you want to check out really what it's all about, some early beta stuff is out there.
I know some people have been playing it from like a closed alpha, but more people are going to be able to get into a global beta on May 15th.
And if you want to sign up for this beta, you can get in on that with the Xbox Insider Hub app.
So if you have an Xbox One or an Xbox Series XS, whatever, you can get an app called the Xbox Insider Hub.
And you'll be able to apply for the beta starting on April 22nd, starting at 2 a.m. JST.
So 2 a.m. in Japan.
But I imagine you'll have a little bit you'll have a little bit of time to get in on this.
And you can see just how gorgeous this game really looks in its newer form.
So that's going to be pretty cool.
And I'm sure a lot of people will be streaming around that May 15th date.
I know if I can get in, I will to see if I can hopefully make sense of it all again.
I really should have spent more time with Phantasy Star Online 2.
But like I said, I was almost overwhelmed. I would sign in and I'm like, I feel like there's so many things to do.
I don't know how to do them all.
So hopefully the New Genesis does a pretty good job of handholding and making suggestions and things like that.
So and the best part of all, when New Genesis actually releases in 2021, the U.S. and Japan will get it at the same time.
We don't have to wait for, what, 10 years or however long it took this last time.
So that's great. All right.
Pod Culture making a sci fi joke saying, when you bring Genesis to a new world, that never ends well.
I've watched Star Trek. Pod Culture also says, I kind of want a version of the Dreamcast PSO to play.
So that does exist, actually. You can't.
Well, I'm sure there's a way to play it on a Dreamcast, but I only know how to do Blue Burst on the PC,
which was essentially the Dreamcast PSO or GameCube, Xbox, wherever you played it.
And there are private servers.
And of course, in the moment, I can't remember the name of the big one, but if you Google it, you'll find it.
I realize me talking about private servers is a questionable thing.
But my understanding is Sega was pretty like, you know, they understood.
They're not going to run this anymore.
They let you have your old character.
Yeah, they let you copy your old character to basically use on private servers.
So I think it was like, E.P. I remember the name of it, but I just remember Delvin and I streamed it like a year or two ago.
We were playing this and I was talking about it on the show a little bit.
So the original PSO does still exist out there if you're willing to do private servers, which I'm really stupid when it comes to that stuff.
And I figured it out. So I'm sure you can as well.
I believe in you. All right, moving on.
I just found something out, by the way.
What's that?
Taiko no Tatsujin is on the App Store and Apple Arcade.
Oh, yeah, I thought I heard that it was an Apple Arcade thing.
Yeah, yeah.
Some version of it.
I'm going to play it.
Anyway.
Anyway, yes.
So Christmas presents already.
It's April, Jamie.
It's April.
I know. Well, that doesn't start stop Hallmark from opening up their their preorders.
You can start on July 10th to order.
Some others are going to come out on October 2nd.
But what am I talking about?
But ornaments, however, these are special ornaments.
They are video game ornaments.
They had some last year as well.
I picked up a couple of them.
There is going to be a SNES.
There was a NES last year.
I think I picked up the NES.
So this year there's going to be a SNES with Super Mario World.
And other ornaments are going to include a caped Mario.
There's a personalized Super Mario.
There's an Enderman from Minecraft.
Pixel Link.
Pixel Zelda.
Both the Legend of Zelda.
Sonic and Tails from Sonic the Hedgehog.
Knuckles, which I need the Knuckles.
King Mickey from Kingdom Hearts.
Sub-Zero from Mortal Kombat.
Charizard from Pokemon.
Donkey Kong Mario Kart version.
And Crackshot from Fortnite.
Wow.
I kind of need the Enderman.
That's quite the video game smorgasbord of characters too.
You have some real classics there.
He's got a present.
Mixed in with some contemporaries.
He's got a present.
Amethyst Rose Witch in chat says,
Ooh, I need ornaments.
It's April.
No, I know.
Everybody has to start planning.
Hi.
Everybody has to start planning now.
It's one of my bestest buddies.
Oh, yay.
Thank you for joining us.
Sj100Matt says,
True story.
Hallmark starts shooting their Christmas movies mid-spring.
Well, that I get because it takes a while for them to edit and do all that stuff.
But yeah, isn't it weird to already be thinking about the holidays in some context?
It's like this year has barely started.
This was supposed to be the year we celebrate that COVID is over and we haven't gotten there yet.
All right.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says,
We did have our first Christmas last December.
I got us a tree and a Triforce star topper, so I might have to pick up one of these.
Yeah, we have some video game ornaments too, but they're kind of like unofficial, unlicensed.
So they just they're very generic game controllers that look like Super Nintendo controllers,
although they're not really like that type of thing.
So it's enough to get the message across.
That's for sure.
All right, let's move on.
Loki.
Yeah, so lots of exciting stuff happening with the Oculus Quest 2,
so there's yet another update for it now that they're going to be pushing out a new feature called Air Link,
which allows you to stream content from your gaming PC to the Oculus Quest 2.
And apparently it's powerful enough to run lots of games, but I'm not sure if that applies to everything.
The other thing that they're also doing as well is adding 120 hertz support,
which is going to make games look even better with higher frame rates.
Oh, yeah.
But it's still exciting.
But I've got a rough desk, so I guess that doesn't really apply to me, though.
I can already play PC games.
And correct me if I'm wrong, but Quest 2, it's big kind of like selling point is that it's not really wired.
Like it's just a headset you put on.
And so, OK, I think I used one of these at an expo for my day job.
They were showing off like a training in virtual reality type of thing.
And I was I was like, OK, wow, cool.
There's no cords.
And previously, though, they did have a link that I think you get a cable that you could actually hook it up to a PC,
the actual run like different PC VR games.
But this is now actually a little bit different because it's doing it wirelessly.
So that's pretty, pretty impressive.
Bummer, it's tied to my Facebook account.
So I'm like, that's strike one.
Yeah, it says. But it says in order to do that, you have to have a really says you can play high end PC titles using the feature over Wi-Fi.
It's available in their experimental mode, which is before the offer.
You know, while they're polishing it up, obviously, they're kind of beta test mode.
But. Yeah, interesting.
Well, that kind of ties in a little bit to this last story I have to talk about tonight,
because I'm sure this is the VR game everyone would like to play on it if they could.
And that would be Half-Life, Alex, although I'm not sure because the custom the controls,
I don't know enough about the nuances of the different VR headsets.
I imagine it may not be that easy because like it doesn't Half-Life, Alex, like you actually do things with your fingers and all that.
And I don't know if the controls on the quest have that.
But anyway, I digress.
Yeah, because they have I play with the rift and the controllers are the same.
OK, OK. Well, then, well, actually, what the story is about, it's not even about playing Half-Life, Alex and VR at all.
This is kind of what we knew was coming with that when this was announced that it was going to be a VR exclusive type of title.
It's just kind of one of those. Well, how long until modders fix that?
Here we are here. That is the story I'm bringing to us tonight.
Modders are making progress on fixing that.
But is it fixing it or is it breaking it?
That is the question you have to answer, because certainly a lot of folks feel that VR is kind of integral to how this game performs and how it plays.
But it's also still going to continue to be a hurdle for some people to be able to play.
So that is a decision you all have to make for your own.
But the modding community has made it so that Half-Life, Alex, is something that is now on its way to being playable off of VR.
A modder from Argentina has made a lot of progress posting a video on YouTube this week highlighting the progress of the NoVR mod.
And apparently this one works a little different than some other mods in progress because the camera doesn't shift around with every little movement.
Alex's hands are controlled with a mouse and keyboard.
In fact, the goal of this mod are named Somnist, if I'm saying that right, trying to make the mod as close to Half-Life 2 as possible.
And so the way this looks now in this mod, this basically just looks like a source first person shooter.
Which is exactly what the developers did not want, I'm sure.
But again, hackers gonna hack, modders gonna mod, and they're gonna do it the way they wanted it to do.
Whether developers wanted that to happen or not is just what it is.
Let's see, so Somnist in a statement said,
I played the game in VR and I think the game is a masterpiece. Valve did an awesome job.
But then continuing along saying, in the current situation of my country, Argentina, it's almost impossible to get a VR headset.
Even if you try to get the cheapest one.
So I'm developing this mod because of that and because I think that it's a nice challenge to get working Half-Life, Alex, without VR.
So in this mod, only two of the eleven chapters in the game can be played with the mod.
But Somnist has some other modders working together to try to get the rest of this game playable in non-VR ASAP.
So, kind of interesting.
But you know, I'd like to play the game at some point, but I just don't know when I'm gonna pick up finally a PC-based headset.
I'm kind of more just waiting for the PlayStation 5's VR headset at this point.
But I suppose it'll just depend on what the games look like.
Because again, the systems are only as good as the games that are on it and that whole good stuff, right?
Alright.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, you tell them you can't play it without VR.
Hackers and modders will laugh at you and prove you wrong.
That's exactly what's happening here. Exactly it.
Alright, let's get into the listener round table.
So you guys can ask us some questions if you like in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
If you have any questions or stories you'd like to bring to our attention that we haven't addressed yet on the show.
This is the part of the show where we also visit the mailbag.
I'm not sure I remember seeing anything in there, but I'll check in with Jamie.
It is empty.
Alright.
It is crickets and nothing.
So send us emails. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
When we don't have emails, we usually like to do a quick drag race update.
DarkSakura, who should win?
I'm behind.
Oh, nevermind then.
Well, no, I know who the final four are.
Or the final three.
There isn't three, it's four.
It is four? Okay, I know who the final four are.
Who should win, who will win?
I want Gottmik.
I think it's either going to be between Gottmik or Simone.
Yeah, that's kind of where my head is at either.
Either can win, either will win, and either way it's okay.
It's exactly where my head is at.
I think it's really become a two person race at this point between those two.
But we'll see.
Ros's been gaining a lot in the past couple weeks.
A lot of people's favor and so forth and all that stuff.
And even Candy Muse.
There's a lot of people that really disliked her in the beginning that are kind of warming up to her a lot now.
So, who knows? Who knows?
Candy is actually not the terrible person I thought she was at the beginning of this series.
Well, they usually aren't.
It's editing and all that stuff, you know.
So, it's good.
Anyway, we have some stuff from chat.
So, let me go to PixelPakas in chat.
Hello, who says, did you folks hear the news that there is a new PlayStation 2 exploit that enables PlayStation 2s to become region free without needing to use mod chips or swap discs and tricks anymore?
So, you can play any region PlayStation 2 game or PlayStation 1 game on a system just like discs of your system's region.
I did not hear that, but that is great news because I still have a library of Japanese PS2 games sitting over there.
I have several of the older BeatMania 2DX titles.
I think I had fourth, fifth, and sixth.
Maybe I bought eighth. I don't know if I bought any after that.
And then I think I had DDR Extreme Japan as well.
So, I have a small little collection of Japanese games, but I actually had a Japanese PlayStation 2 to play them on.
I was, you guys, I was really into BeatMania 2DX for a while, like really.
So, you know, hence this show's roots and all that stuff.
So, I haven't kept up with it so great over the years, but I'd love to go back and play some of those old songs, man.
Those older styles had such great music in them.
Thank you, PixelPakas is going to post a story in our Discord on how to do it if you want to do this.
I'm trying to quickly look at the story here and how this works.
You use a memory card entry point, like Free McBoot and Fortuna.
So, you download this onto a USB stick and then launch on the console itself.
And then it creates a console-specific BIOS on the root of the USB stick.
And then you completely power down the console. That's very interesting.
Alright, I'll have to look into this in more detail later on, so check that out.
PixelPakas is going to share that on our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And PixelPakas says you do need something initially, but after that you don't need special tools anymore.
I wonder, God, if I still have my BeatMania controller, it's over for you hoes.
I don't know if I still have that though. It's got to be somewhere. It's probably in a box somewhere.
The good old, it's in a box somewhere.
Alan and I are starting to look at houses.
And so, now we're starting to think about that whole, oh, we're going to have to box this place up. Oh boy.
So, I think we're going to throw half of it away and then box the rest up. That's what I really want to do.
So, but I'll tell you what, y'all are lucky having houses now because the real estate market here is a dumpster fire.
Yeah, it's pretty crazy.
And it's very frustrating for people who don't own yet like me who really want to get into that.
It's like our options are so limited. It's like a house goes on the market Friday and by Monday they have 50 bids and 30 of them are over the asking price.
It's disgusting. So, Pod Culture in Chat says, oh boy, new OLR studio time. That's the hope.
We were looking at a new house today and trying to kind of imagine what a setup for OLR might look like in there.
I have a feeling that OLR may go back to being in a bedroom sort of thing or a spare room, if you will, than a very large open living space.
This current place that we're in now has like two, it has like a family room and a living room.
So, OLR is set up in the space that would be the family room, basically. A lot of houses we're looking at don't have two rooms like that.
So, we'll see. I don't know. We'll make it work. If worse comes to worse, we keep doing it distance.
But it's not my favorite option, but it would work. We've been able to get away with doing the show as long as we have this way. So, we'll see.
Let's see. PixelPockets continues. I just posted that article in Discord.
I'm going to write a how-to article as well because it's a bit tricky for those who don't have experience with the PS2 modding scene.
Yes, thank you, thank you. I would appreciate that for sure. So, yeah.
SG100Matt says, prices have jumped up to 30% from last year. Sure, interest rates are low, but the market stinks.
It sure does. It's very frustrating. But what can you do? It is what it is.
All right. Do we have any last-minute stories? Checking in with Loki. Have any last-minute stories tonight?
Yeah, I was going to mention that Mario Maker 2 is having its last NINJY speedrun event ever.
That's going to happen on the 27th of April. It's going to run through the 27th of April at 7 p.m. Pacific time.
And then that's it. That's done. The Nintendo said, done with Mario Maker 2.
Yeah, in fact, we kept this game going longer than we intended. It was also supposed to die on March 31st, but, you know, the COVID.
The COVID. We have to kill Mario. Yeah.
I will say, somebody posted, again, talking about our Discord a lot tonight, but hey, come join us.
Somebody had posted a YouTube of somebody remade World 1-1 from Mario 2 in Mario Maker.
And it's really interesting. Obviously, it's not totally correct because the mechanics between Mario Maker and Mario 2 are very different, but a lot of it looks very good.
It's pretty well done. I thought it was an interesting kind of video. So check that out if you haven't seen that yet.
Also in our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord. Any other last-minute stories?
That's it.
All right, then I guess we wrap things up for the night. There's been a lot of shorter news weeks lately, but as June gets closer and closer, it's going to ramp up again.
Especially, you know, hopefully as things, more and more people get vaccinated and more and more things open up, knock on wood, and a lot of these developers are returning to an office situation when it's safe.
We're going to really start to get a lot more gaming news. It's going to be very interesting.
But that's the point where we start to say good night. So I want to thank everybody for tuning into Orange Lounge Radio tonight and listening to our show.
Really appreciate that. Whether you were here live on Twitch or if you were listening on the podcast feed via Spotify, iTunes, wherever it is that you check out the show.
Thank you. Thank you so much. Help us spread the word. Tell a friend or two about the show because word of mouth goes a long way in spreading the news about the show.
We try to be the show where every gamer has a voice and we want more voices here to share opinions and, you know, a polite debate on games and things like that.
So another thing that goes a very, very long way, an auto host on, I almost said VOG Network, on Twitch of VOG Network goes a very, very long way.
So thank you to all of you that have auto hosting for VOG Network set up on your Twitch channel. Really, really appreciate that.
If you feel so inclined and you want to buy some merchandise, vognetwork.com slash shop is the place to do it.
Or on our Twitch page, just scroll down below and you'll see a link there to the store if you're on the web.
If you're on console or something, you can't scroll down and see that. So you have to check on a browser, vognetwork.com slash shop.
Big thanks again to those of you that do the bits and the subs and all that stuff. Really, really appreciate it.
Trying to create more content for you to make those subs really worthwhile and we have more to come on that hopefully in the future.
That's all on my mind for now. I think we can go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So Dark Soccer, I'll start with you tonight. What's your final thought?
I am trying to find something other than Parallels to try to run Windows just in case I can't get Mass Effect on Stadia. So we'll see.
My final thought is happy birthday, Jamie. Enjoy it tomorrow. Have the best birthday in light of the world situation and I can't wait to hang out with you soon.
So maybe a couple weeks after you get that second Vax, maybe you and I can go out somewhere and have a nice dinner or something. Celebrate a little bit.
That sounds like fun.
And what was I going to say? Oh, my other final thought. With all the house stuff, please send some good vibes your way because Alan and I are hoping to find a winner.
We're trying to set up a day where we're going to binge a bunch of them next weekend. So I'm hoping to find a winner with that. So please send happy thoughts our way. Would appreciate it.
That'd be good.
Loki, last but not least, your final thought?
My final thought is I'm hoping to get my first episode of my videos or Minecraft stuff out this week. And then also hoping to stream some more, if not next weekend, probably the following week.
Awesome. All right. We'll look forward to that. Streaming is a good thing. Hopefully we all have a chance to do some this week. I will see you on Thursday with a bonus stream here at VOG Network.
Other than that, that is going to do it for us tonight. Thank you guys as always for checking out Orange Lounge Radio. Happy gaming this week. Have fun. There's a lot of releases this week. Hope you guys enjoy something out there.
We will be back in seven days to talk all about it. Stay safe. We'll see you next time. Bye.
At six p.m. Pacific, nine p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
