Last week's article about the rumored shuttering of Konami's games division, called a re-shuffle,
was an interesting one, especially in the face of their ongoing Pockyslot and Bimani
series.
And pro-evolution soccer staying power, I suppose.
Calling all keyboard enthusiasts, get those MIDI keyboards out of storage and play nostalgia,
if you live in Japan or otherwise know what you're doing.
This has been your Bimani News Update for February 2021.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to bring you more
on this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and Bimani updates are always welcome here, just for the record,
because that is of course where the show has its roots.
Where myself, Dark Sakura, and Loki got our start playing Dance Dance Revolution at the
local arcade many many years ago, about 20 years ago at this point.
Anyway, hi.
Welcome, I'm Rob Roberts and it's episode number 855 of our show for this February the
7th of 2021.
Not joining me tonight unfortunately, Dark Sakura or Jamie Sommers, she has the night
off, she was feeling a little bit under the weather, so she'll be in a pre-recorded segment
a little later on, but we will not be hearing from her live sadly.
But she'll be here with us next week.
But who is joining us live tonight is our good old pal Loki, who I think has been having
a very busy week.
Hi Loki.
Yeah, it's been busy.
I keep seeing your Twitter, and you're like, I'm giving myself crunch day, I'm taking a
day off of work to work on Friday.
And I did, and Saturday, and pretty much mostly today.
Wow, so yeah, and I didn't realize until kind of the middle of the week that you and Aaron
or YYR were really committed to the February 10th release date for Pixel Poops, which we've
been hyping up for the last few weeks on this show.
For whatever reason, this is your first Orange Lounge radio.
This long running gag here on the show are these dream games, like we'll throw out this
crazy idea and be like, that should be a game.
And well, one of them became a game on the PlayStation Vita, it's called Pixel Poops.
And yes, you go to the little taco stand and eat tacos, and then you stop joggers from
running through the park by, well, it's in the title.
So this game came out on the Vita, why Aaron or YYR did it, obviously can't get it anymore,
because they kind of closed that part of the Vita shop down.
He's now re-realizing Pixel Poops through a Steam release, which is coming out in just
a few days, like three more days.
So by the time some of you hear this, it will already be out.
But he didn't just decide to release Pixel Poops, oh no, he decided he was going to do
a Commodore 64 version of the game as well, as well as releasing sound samples, souping
up the game with some extra modes that are very reminiscent of like the game switch on
an Atari 2600.
As silly as the idea sounds, and as much as when I say Pixel Poops, and you probably go,
that sounds stupid, yeah, but it's fun.
Like a lot of old videos, like, have you ever looked at Atari 2600 box art?
It's pretty stupid.
And I mean that with love.
A lot of the games are like weird, like, I mean, look at the premise of like, it's Pac-Man,
you're a thing that eats dots and getting chased by ghosts for some reason, it's like,
what's the story there?
I don't know, there is no story.
Exactly.
So not only has Aaron got all this going on and takes all this on, but then Loki's like,
you know what, I want to sign up for Punishment 2, I'm going to do an NES version of Pixel
Poops.
And you know what, I guess we'll just release it all on the same day, because it's going
to be free on Steam, so Pixel Poops, the base game is free on Steam, so you can go check
that out, because you can actually, I think you can play it on Aaron's website anyway,
I think it's been there the whole time, so you can play it for free there, and you can
play it for free on Steam, but then there's going to be like DLC that's going to cost
$2.99?
$1.99?
$2.99?
$1.99?
It's going to cost less than a fucking latte, okay?
It's going to be cheap, and you can go buy it, and that's going to give you the Commodore
64 version, the soundtrack, and, or I shouldn't say soundtrack, but the authentic sample pack
and all that stuff, and Loki's game, Pixel Poops number 2, which, he's crunching this
weekend because he hasn't finished.
So Pixel Poops number 2 will be a separate piece of DLC.
Oh, okay, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not included in the $5.
Oh, my bad.
So that is separate.
Still, still, it's like $5, that's nothing.
Yeah, I think for my game, I was going to charge right now, like, I was going to do
$8, but I mean, we've got like 32 levels in it, well, it's going to have like at least
40 levels, and it's pretty hard, and I've redone a lot of the, I'm still drawing stuff
for it right now, so there's a lot of content in there, because I wanted it to be on par
with, like, I was looking at, like, okay, what are some of these other puzzle action
games, how many levels do they have, oh, 50, okay, we'll see if we can get up to 50, but
it's probably going to be 40, because I have five worlds, and each one has eight levels,
so it's probably going to be there, unless I decide to cram in a few more levels, which
I still could.
I just love that you're releasing a game on, what, Wednesday, and it's still not done.
Well, technically, it doesn't need to be done, even when it comes to Wednesday, because we
do live in that modern age where we can catch stuff, but like, yeah, it'll be done by then.
So, and going to our chat room, because of course, we do tape live every Sunday night
at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vog network, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock
Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, and Fifth Dream is asking, any news
on the physical, because do what?
Well, I'm going to help answer that.
First, Loki needs to finish the game, then he can worry about the physical version.
Yeah, so the physical version will be coming at some point, so like, what I want to do
with that, I may end up doing, because like I said, there's a lot of stuff I wanted to
do, but time, you know, may not be necessarily on my side to do all the things I want to
do.
So what we may end up doing is like releasing a finished version of the game on Wednesday,
and then coming back to do like a special edition that will be the physical version
and will be a free upgrade to the DLC, whatever.
So that may be what I end up doing, because I still want to see if there's, I've got a
lot of space in different, because the way it's banked in there, the way the memories
split up, I have a lot of space in there, and I want to cram more music and stuff like
that in there and more levels as well.
And my kids keep asking me for like boss fights and stuff.
So I had some silly ideas regarding that.
So I want to cram all that stuff in there as well, if possible, to really like maximize
everything.
And then the next day, you know, we'll just, you know, charge the $8 initially.
And then if we bump it, the special edition will be $10 total.
So if you bought in at the $8 version, then you get the special edition for free type
thing.
Yeah.
So that's, that's the initial idea I have.
We'll see.
I mean, we may just leave it at eight bucks and call it a day.
Well, I do like this.
SSJ 100 Matt in chat says, Loki already more transparent than CD Projekt Red about the
process.
No.
Yes.
Yes.
I understand.
It's called scope creep.
I am very familiar with scope creep and that, that is, that is the whole reason I did it
on the NES because I can't implement a lot of the stuff I would like to implement on
it because it just, it just physically can't be done because it's, you know, limited in
space and, um, what the engine can handle and stuff like that.
So that was on purpose because, and it worked because I've finished, I'm about to finish
something.
So, uh, that was the intent, but we'll see.
Yeah.
So I was looking in chat and there was a little bit of discussion about the price and, you
know, uh, set it at 10 bucks and then just have it go on sale a lot cause you know, sales,
you know, and honestly, like I was going to say, I think when I was on YYR site this week,
uh, he actually said that the price of a couple of his games are going to go up this month.
And honestly, my reaction was good.
You deserve it.
Like you guys, well, YYR specifically in this case deserves a bigger cut.
Like these games are great and it's unfortunate, unfortunate that, you know, there's just so
many games on steam that you have to have that viral moment to really get discovered
sometimes.
I may end up doing 10 bucks.
I remember having 99 or whatever I was, cause I was looking at like other games, like, Oh,
my game, it doesn't, it's not as good as that.
You know?
So I was like, eh, no people are going to pay $10 for this.
So I may just end up doing 10 bucks and then we'll just do the free upgrade later.
Um, we'll see.
I don't know, but you need to go on other podcasts to promote, by the way, you, you
should be booking a bunch of podcasts this month.
Well, I don't, yeah, I don't have time yet to advertise and that's probably a big mistake,
but, um, I do want to like definitely get it out there because just the premise of a
game in an NES game and stuff like that, I think that should be able to get some quick
bait articles on some sites.
So we can see if I can put together like something like that.
Well, you had that YouTube that was like, you're not going to believe this one dude,
but still, but still it shows that, yeah, you know, as people that think it's so weird
in a good way that they, they want to highlight it.
So yeah, so, so, so far we've got, was it, we've got the, the park level, we've got a
cemetery levels, uh, snowy mountains and then like sort of a Western theme.
So that, that's what we've got done so far and now I'm working on, um, it's a inside
of the Nintendo type level.
So it's all circuit boards and stuff.
So that's what I'm working on artwork for right now.
And that's just going to be like an amalgamation of all the different things in the game.
But yeah, it, it's going to get pretty hard.
And um, I was telling the originals pretty difficult, which, but by the way I did play,
so not to get too far into my gaming week, but oops, I did play some pixel poops the
other night just because, you know, it's a, it's a fun little game to sit down and
play for a little bit.
And um, I got, I broke Aaron's score.
So I have the number one score right now in the, in the base, like default mode, basically
I have the number one score.
And the only reason it didn't get higher, I was trying to go in and screenshot when
I hit 666 because you know, LOL.
And then of course I was so focused on getting the screenshot at 66, 66.
When did I lose?
667.
So that's, that's the current high score in the world world world for a pixel poops.
So yeah.
So yeah.
And basically once, once I do have the game done, like I am still looking at physical
like versions of that.
I don't know how I want to do that yet.
If that involves like a Kickstarter and then with Kickstarter, it's like, okay, well, what
do I actually need the fund because you know, how much is going to go to Kickstarter then
taxes and costs and you got to make something off of it.
So, you know, it's all of that stuff involved.
That's like, I don't know, cause I've never run a Kickstarter.
So who knows?
That's a interesting way thing to look into.
You can also, there's alternate crown fundings too.
Um, but that might be an interesting way to do it because at least you have a finished
product and you'll be able to say, here is the game on steam right here.
This is to produce a physical version of said game and you're not going to have to worry
about the whole like, well, I don't know if I want to buy it cause I don't know if it'll
actually happen cause it's done.
Like you just, you're trying to get the publishing stuff.
And I think that's a good way to do it.
So I may do that.
Um, the other thing I did want to do as well is I have got that nice cover artwork once
I get the logo added onto it as well.
I'm going to make a t-shirt, t-shirts, I'll have that at some point too.
So you'll be able to buy shirts for that kind of stuff.
But yeah, I know a place that has a growing store, but now I'm sure you want to make your
own coin off it.
I gotcha.
But yeah, go for it.
So, yeah.
All right.
Um, Bobby is that now I don't want to turn this into the pixel poop show because we are
going to talk about other gaming, but this is a, this is kind of a big deal.
Like the game that Loki's been talking about for a year and a half is finally releasing
this week.
You can go wishlist it on steam.
It hasn't even been a year and a half.
It's only been six months.
Yeah.
Hard to believe.
I guess I'm adding the time to car stuff I think just in my mind.
Yeah.
That's been a while.
Yeah.
So, um, I, I would go wishlist the game on steam right now if you haven't already.
Um, I'm sorry, I don't have a link available, but you guys are smart in chat.
Somebody will find that link in five seconds and post it.
So, uh, go wishlist it right now because the more that have it wishlisted, of course, the
more people that might see it and all that good stuff.
Um, and we want to make sure why we are low key get views and it is, remember the base
is going to be free.
So you're not like committing to buy anything or whatever.
If you don't want to get the DLC, you don't have to.
Um, but, uh, the base thing will be free and you should definitely grab that.
I encourage that.
So, uh, cool.
All right.
Anyway.
Okay.
Sorry.
Lots of stuff, but it's important.
There's a long running OLR joke that's climaxing this week.
So let's check that out on steam.
It's important for us to talk about, uh, let's get into, um, by the way, I love that behind
you tonight, you have, that's either the arcade version of moonwalker or the Genesis version
of the arcade playing behind you.
I've never played the arcade version that they was the same as the, uh, I have just
a couple of times.
I have just a couple of times.
It's awesome.
Uh, it was, it was a great, great game and I'm assuming this is your continued, uh, to
the moon talk.
You must have because I just was thinking, I saw, um, like before the show, it was on
the scroll and Bobby's show talking about end Walker.
I was like, Oh yeah.
Moonwalker.
I could do that.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Clever.
Clever.
Speaking of to the moon, doge coin.
Glad I got in what I did.
Did you get in a doge coin?
Good for you.
Yeah.
It's I didn't get in much like 50 bucks, but it's already doubled.
So you know, that's better than nothing.
And I guess I put 50 bucks on Ethereum just out of the blue last week and it got to 60.
I think now it's around like 58, but I'm just going to let it sit for a little bit.
See what happens.
It's money that would have been like a lotto ticket or a slot machine, like, you know,
in the real, in a non COVID world, you know, and still like with the GameStop and like
AMC still holding on that stuff for now, cause it's already dropped in price.
It may come back next week, never know, or make bump up a little bit.
And if not, I just dump it and buy more doge coin.
I'm going to our chat, fifth dream props to you cause you found the links to the steam
store first.
So thank you for that.
All right.
Let's get to our kickoff topic tonight.
We want to talk about this.
Some big gaming news that came out early this week, and I'm sure you all have a lot of feelings
on it.
It's fine.
It's well, there is, there's what this is and what this isn't.
Let's get into it.
Loki.
I got it.
So what, what it is is basically so stadia, the, you know, and to any console really,
you know, the console is only as strong as the games that are on it.
And you know, really when it comes to stadia, it was like, okay, what are the killer apps?
What is the exclusive game that I got to play on stadia?
That's really going to drive me to that platform.
Well, now there's not going to be any because Google stadia has announced that they are
no longer going to be pursuing internal development on their own games.
So they've closed its two game studios in Montreal and Los Angeles.
And apparently that is impacting about 150 developers.
So no new game from Jade Raymond, you know, now it's just going to continue to operate
its service and it's a $10 monthly stadia pro service as well.
I mean, I gotta be honest, like this is definitely the writing on the wall.
Like I would be very wary to buy anything on stadia purchasing any games because I mean,
we could be talking about next year, this could be shutting down.
I mean, it's, I don't know, they're already cutting their losses.
So it seems to be that this is just kind of one step into that direction of actually shutting
the whole service down.
Well, and to be clear, because I said, there's what this news is and what this news isn't,
this is not that news that stadia is shutting down, which I think a lot of people were kind
of reading into it that way.
This is not that this is Google saying that they're essentially refocusing.
But it's, it's all kind of PR speak that we can see right through for that they didn't
see the need to continue developing the games in house, whether the games just weren't turning
out at the level they were hoping or what it was, if that had to do with some of the
response to stadia, I don't know if we'll know, unfortunately, and I've said this a
million times on the show, and I don't think we say it enough, is that a lot of times in
fandom press, which is, you know, what a lot of gaming blogs and stuff is, especially when
it comes to social media, especially when it comes to social media.
The reality is, the truth, and what Google's intentions are, and what Google is trying
to do and what Google might have been doing, the truth doesn't matter.
And I know that sounds like a really stupid thing to say.
But that is the reality.
The truth doesn't matter.
What matters?
Perception.
Perception is what matters.
How is news perceived?
And gotta be honest, when Google first announced stadia, what were several people in our chat
room saying?
What were several people on social media saying?
What were a lot of people out there saying?
Well, Google's getting into this, but Google doesn't have the greatest track record at
supporting the stuff they put out there.
I give it a couple years, and now what happens?
Google's slowly yanking that support.
At least that's the perception.
And that's all that matters.
So that's why this is...
It's unfortunate, because I know people who like stadia.
I know people who really fan for stadia and want to see stadia do better.
And I'm trying to be very cautious to not rain on the parade, because I'm sure they're
already feeling crappy enough after this week and so forth.
Good for you for sticking by it and what you believe in.
And I don't think cloud gaming is going to be...
I'm not even sure stadia is really super duper done, but I think the imagining scenario
that Google painted for us is that stadia is going to be an invisible console that competes
right up there with Xbox One and PlayStation 5 and all.
Eh, no.
You know what?
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
And Google has now just said, we're not interested in developing our own games anymore.
So that whole thing, I think, is gone.
So now it's just about, how else can stadia be leveraged?
Who can insert stadia into that magic winning formula where maybe stadia comes back as something
else and not that imaginary fourth console?
Loki, I want to let you have a say.
No, I was going to say, yeah, exactly that.
It's just, I don't know.
Your whole business model is just kind of not as appealing as something else, like where
you have that kind of Netflix model where you just basically pay a fee and you can have
access to a library of games.
And again, that's perception fucking stadia, I'm sorry to interrupt, but that's perception
fucking stadia again, because when it was announced, oh, Google's putting out this service
and you pay $10 a month and you get some games, everybody's kind of thinking, oh, Google's
going to do the Netflix things for game.
Great. And that's that's the perception people have.
Right. Oh, if Google's charging 10 bucks a month, which is what they were out there doing
with pro and all that, then I must be able to get in there and play all those games for
free. And then it was like, oh, you can play some games for free.
You can play these games that we have the arrangement, but you don't get to play everything
for free. In fact, you have to pay $60 if you want to play like cyberpunk and stuff.
And I think that's where the public went.
Oh, never mind.
And I think that's a big part of what has hurt Stadia from the beginning.
So it's yeah, it's.
It's just it's it's not helping at all, and it's going to be hard to see them already,
even like we've had some stuff where, you know, stuff that you think should have supported
it, like I don't even know if like their plate, their Google TV stuff supports Stadia.
I don't believe it does, which is kind of seems to be a big miss right there as well.
It's just like half half assed kind of support from Google for it.
And there was a lot of confusion, like I didn't even realize until this week that you
didn't need a Stadia pro account to play Stadia games in the browser now that at some
point they flip the switch for that.
I didn't even realize that, like Google's had a big problem with messaging now for it
to their credit during this whole pandemic and the fact that it's killed all these
conventions and the opportunity for them to go show the public a little more about this
stuff. I will I will allow them to shift some blame on that, that, you know, they had a
hard time getting the messaging out because of the pandemic.
I get that.
I understand that. But I still wish they would have invested another year in trying to
get the right messaging out if they really wanted this to be successful.
But, you know, maybe they just have to take some time to use the rest of this pandemic to
figure out what that thing is and then go with it, because, you know, there's lots of
still great ideas and I think uses for cloud gaming out there.
You know, I think it would be brilliant if Google partnered up with Valve or something so
that when you buy a game on Steam, you can either install it to your computer or you can
play in the cloud. And imagine imagine if like demos were available through the cloud.
I think so many people want to be doing demos in the cloud where you don't have to wait
and download all this stuff.
And again, look at a place like Steam when they do like the developer days where they
fill up the front page with like 40 different demos.
And it's like they all look neat and you want to try them.
But like click, download, wait, start.
OK, I didn't I didn't care for that one.
Uninstalled. Why can't you just click a fucking button and play the game?
I don't know. Amazon has it where you can click a button and you can get Tide Pod sent
to your house tomorrow.
Why don't we have that for games?
I think we do have it in certain places, but Google should be enabling that here.
You know, so I feel like there are still places where Stadia could kind of carve a niche
for itself, but it's just it's not going to be the fourth console or whatever.
So. Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, because it's patented, I don't know if the game
delivery thing is maybe that is patented, I don't know.
The Amazon thing, though, you went over that on your show last week and that patent
expired a couple of years ago.
I do believe you recapped at the end there.
So one click ordering is is open.
So I don't know about I don't know if there's a patent for one click gaming.
You're right. Maybe somebody's patented that already, which is a whole other issue.
But I don't have time to get into that on this three hour show.
So SSU 100 Matt in chat says, could they just be looking to go the epic route and pay
loads for exclusives, exclusive games?
I don't want to see that happen, but it's possible.
You're right. It's possible.
And if Google is going to do that, they should probably make that they should have made
that move with this announcement and and kind of I get you don't want to see it.
But if Google wanted to show they were serious with this whole we're changing our model
or whatever, then they would have announced whatever game, even though we are developing
our own game anymore. We have obtained the exclusive rights to distribute that whatever
title they come up with to kind of immediately fill in the gap.
They didn't do that. And I don't think that was a great idea.
I'm not sure Stadia was incredibly well managed as it is.
And then we have to remember Phil Harrison's in charge.
And what what what has Phil Harrison done for gaming?
Like, if you look at his resume, he was in a lot of companies during their low points.
Sorry, not sorry.
I let the facts speak for themselves.
So maybe Stadia just needs somebody else running it.
Sorry. So, yeah, anyway, cloud gaming, I'm sure is not done for.
In fact, we're a long way from that because, you know, Nvidia, I like the Nvidia thing
that I kind of messed around with once because you can kind of use it for free and you can
use it with your Steam library.
And No Man's Sky was on there.
I didn't feel like No Man's Sky looked any better than it did if I'm running it on my own
computer. But it was a neat little experiment.
So, you know, there's that Amazon had their own.
But then, you know, Amazon is having a lot of struggles making their own game as well.
We all know that. I just I just again, I would love to see.
Like in the PlayStation stores, I want Sony to to get this technology or something because
we know Microsoft's got it because Microsoft is I still kind of like that cloud thing is
coming. Yes, I know they are still you can do it with your phones and controller and
stuff. But I think when it arrives where on my Xbox 360, I can run a cloud X cloud app
and play Halo Master Chief collection through the cloud or so.
I think that will be a great use case argument by Microsoft, but we're not not just there
yet, but maybe by the end of the year.
We'll see. And then Microsoft will have the ability to say, OK, well, for your, you know,
fifteen dollar a month or whatever they're charging for now for Microsoft Game Pass.
Yes, you get all these games in the cloud because a lot of Game Pass games are also tied
into X Cloud right now.
And so Microsoft will be able to deliver that Netflix perception that the audience was
associating with Google Stadia.
There is that so.
All right, well, if we got nothing else to say on Stadia, if you want to email us and
give us your thoughts on all of this, you sure can participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
SSJ 100 Matt says, I mean, it's still the best and most stable place to play cyberpunk.
Why Google is not able to better leverage that, I'll never understand.
Again, it's all adding up to part of the thing where I'm like, I just think Stadia just in
general just isn't being run well.
All right, moving on, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we've
been playing this week.
Loki, I feel like we kind of covered it, but did you get a chance to play any games besides
developing your own?
I played a little bit of Orna and a little bit of Pokemon Go as well.
That was a very, very minimal.
It's been mostly just working on my game this week.
I figured as much.
It's probably been taking up most of your week.
Well, I look forward to your game releasing so you can actually play some other games this
next year.
Yes, me too.
All right, going back to the last story a little bit to get a comment here.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says they did mention cyberpunk in the first paragraph of their
blog, so they're trying to reference it.
I think that's probably the worst place they could reference it if they want me to take it
seriously.
And maybe they've done this.
I don't know, but I haven't seen it.
Buy a Twitch ad, buy a pre-roll Twitch ad that says cyberpunk on Stadia, best place to play
with the quotes, best place to experience cyberpunk, smoothest experience.
I don't use the pull quotes.
It should be on Twitch pre-roll ads.
It should be on a commercial on TV during that little little dog and pony show they got
going right now.
That should be an ad, although, of course, it costs millions of dollars.
So maybe they'll have to go to the network that literally has the dog and pony show with
the cheaper ads right now, the counterprogramming.
But they should be putting that stuff out there.
So it's, you know, burying it in a press release isn't exactly informing the public and
trying to shift the perception.
That's just my thing.
All right. Black Compat in chat says, I'm currently playing God of War again, but this
time on my PlayStation 5.
It's so pretty.
Yeah, because they went back and they did like a little upgrade patch, didn't they, on
that? Like they did like a whole like PS5 kind of patching for that.
So if you're you're playing it on your PlayStation 5, you get a little something,
something extra. I hope we see that for some more games.
So I do.
I do hope so.
You know, I do hope Sony starts to get into this cloud stuff, too.
But we'll see. We'll see.
All right. Moving on.
Let's talk about my gaming week.
So honestly, I've continued to play a lot of Final Fantasy 14.
In fact, I even did a whole stream about Final Fantasy 14 on Friday here at VOG Network.
But we'll get into that story in a little bit.
I mean, see, it's coming up here on the show.
So we'll talk about that a little bit.
Outside of Final Fantasy 14, I've been playing a lot, a lot.
I've been, of course, playing, you know, the GPS games, Pokemon Go.
I was able to catch a lot of the Rosalie's today, the shiny ones.
I got like 12 of them, kind of more than I usually get on a shiny day.
I think I might have been like 15.
I lost count. That's how many I got.
So and that's that's one of my favorite Pokemon, actually.
So I'm glad I got a lot of shinies of that one.
So that was that was fun.
As far as like other games I've been playing, there is a new game
I checked out this week, thanks to Xbox Game Pass.
It's called Cyber Shadow.
That's Cyber something Cyber Shadow I checked out this week.
So Cyber Shadow is by Yacht Club Games,
which was the company that brought a Shovel Knight.
So this is kind of like their next game.
So Shovel Knight, of course, was a very retro inspired game
that really invoked kind of a lot of the old Capcom classic
carts like DuckTales and things like that.
Of course, Shovel Knight kind of put its own spin on it.
So Cyber Shadow is kind of that.
But for Ninja Gaiden, which
but but to just say very much Ninja Gaiden
to just say it's a clone of that, though, I don't think is accurate.
It definitely has like the play feel of it is very that.
But a lot of the boss design is very different.
A lot of the level design is different because I noticed this
a little ways into it.
There are like secret areas and places where there's blocks
that you can crush to kind of find a whole other area.
And I after like admittedly, I've only played a couple of stages into it.
But looking at the map, it looks like you might have to backtrack
Blaster Master style to kind of go visit other areas.
Like it's not just linear.
It seems like there might be power ups
and things that allow you to carve out a different path.
So I think there might be a little bit of like Ninja Gaiden
meets Master Blaster in that.
So I think and that's that's fine by me.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, yeah, feels very Ninja Gaiden
inspired and super tough.
It is definitely there is no Bobby Black Wolf mode, I'm sorry to say.
It is a challenging game.
However, it does appear you have infinite lives.
And so it's not like Ninja Gaiden where like you lose three lives
and you have to go all the way back to the beginning of the act.
You just every time you die, you just respond at a save point.
So there is that.
So it feels a little more like maybe Super Meat Boy in that sense,
because you're playing relatively short little bursts
to get to the next save point.
And you don't have to go like all the way back,
which was the thing that was really tough about something like Ninja Gaiden.
So, you know, again, that's another way that it's kind of different
from the Ninja Gaiden formula where I don't want to say, oh,
this is just a clone of that game, because it definitely has
its own differences that make even a nails
tough game a little bit.
Easier to stomach, if that makes sense.
So but I'm enjoying it, I want to play more of it.
And I even got some achievements.
Bobby in chat is like, no, me mode.
I'm going to tell you, Bobby,
why this mode is or why this game is not going to make you happy,
because I popped two achievements.
One of them was worth 16 points and the other one was worth, I think, 31 points.
So it violates Bobby's multiple of five thing
where, you know, and maybe other people have this, too,
where you get a little about my gamer score must end in zero or five.
I have I have no place for a 16 or 31 or whatever it is.
So I think on that principle, it's going to lose Bobby support.
But if you don't, if you're if your gamer score has already been ruined
by something else or you really don't give a rat's ass about it like me,
it's on Game Pass for PC and Xbox.
So if you're on that Game Pass thing,
you really should just go check it out because you're already paying for it.
So go make use of what you're paying for.
It's a good game in that regard.
So have you you know about it, Loki, right?
But you just haven't played it.
Yeah, I'm well aware of it because, you know, it looked very much
like Ninja Gaiden, like even down to the sprites and everything.
So, yeah, very, very aware of it.
Yeah. Even the first boss was like not even like Ninja Gaiden's
first boss was like like you just duck and attack a bunch.
You win. This one was way it was like a three pronged thing
where you kind of had to like hit the middle when it came down
and then dodge the guns on the other two.
It was much more complicated.
Like so it is interesting how even something that's retro
inspired can kind of do things that they just really didn't do a lot
on eight bit hardware, whether it's the limitations or whatever it is.
Can you imagine, Loki, if you had made Pixel Poops 2 just retro inspired,
but you made it for like the Xbox where you don't have to worry about the space.
You can do whatever you want.
Yeah. So now you have to go back to a remaster or something like that.
Now you have to go back and make it all 16 by nine.
Just make the play fields bigger.
Yeah, that would be nice, you know, having, you know,
not to adhere to the NES stuff.
But Pixel Poops, Pixel Poops 3, please look forward to it.
All right. Well, Pixel Poops 3 is going to be Pixel Poops 3D at that point.
Oh, Virtual Boy game. Awesome.
I can't wait. Yeah, there you go. Yeah.
All right. Let's get into some gaming news.
What else has been going on around the gaming world this week?
Loki, what do you got for us?
All right. So let's see.
We've got this is kind of unique.
There's a PlayStation game coming to the Xbox.
So much like dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria.
So like much like how we have, you know, Microsoft publishing,
you know, Minecraft on other platforms.
Mario and Sonic at the at the Olympics that never happened.
Yes. And then also we have now MLB The Show 21,
which is a PlayStation Studios title now coming to the Xbox
one and Xbox Series X starting this April.
So that is the first that used to be a PlayStation exclusive.
And well, you know, I guess we just need more baseball out there
because honestly, I think aside from MLB 2K,
which I don't think even exists anymore,
PlayStation was like the only place you can get a baseball game.
So it's nice to see that that is multi platform now.
I believe we had a story several months ago.
We knew this was coming
because it had something to do with retaining the license.
Like Sony would not be able to continue to hold the license for that
if they didn't put the game out on other consoles.
I want to say that's what was playing up.
Yep. And I'm looking in chat. There it is.
Bobby in chat says MLB mandated this or else they were going to pull the license.
They wanted a sim game on all consoles.
They had the exclusive sim license.
Yeah, I remember.
See, I remember something from a few months ago where we actually knew
this was coming. It's just it's finally here.
And it's it's that shock of seeing a Sony PlayStation
studio logo on an Xbox.
You think it'll come to Game Pass?
Mm hmm. I doubt it.
We'll see. I don't know.
As soon as possible.
As soon as Matt is pointing out,
EA lost the license or really let it go years ago.
So this is, you know, even though, yes, there's other baseball sims,
this is the only, you know, MLB
endorsed one that actually has MLB players in it.
Does Konami make a why do I feel like Konami makes a baseball game?
I don't know why my brain is.
Well, they have the power of pro like baseball game.
It's like the kind of anime.
This was not real, but it's not MLB.
It's just fantasy.
MLB. So it's like baseball stars or something. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. MLB 2K.
Back in the day, like way back in the day, EA had an MLB game.
I think even they have like
I don't know if they had college baseball as well.
EA used to have a ton of sports games and they kind of slimmed it down a bit.
But I mean, oh, I forgot about that.
That's going back as a 200.
Matt says they do have RBI baseball, but that game is more made in house by MLB.
Sean 322 clarifies has real players, but it's more animated.
And Bobby kind of clarifies that as arcadey. So.
So it's still it's still going to be that shock.
Do you think Sony may experiment putting anything else out on Microsoft's consoles?
Probably not unless they're forced to. No, I doubt it. Yeah, I doubt it, too.
But what about you know, there's always that rumor
about Microsoft trying to put their stuff on other consoles, too.
Do you think we might see some of their studios open up?
I think it's certainly possible, especially when we're talking about
things like Bethesda, which Microsoft now owns.
Like, I think a lot of those games are still going to come out on Sony
and even whatever works for the Nintendo switch, they'll put out
on the Nintendo switch.
So it is interesting that we're all kind of losing our shit
overseeing a Sony logo on a Microsoft box.
But like, I think we're all kind of prepared for at least Microsoft assets
to show up on other consoles.
It may just not have a Microsoft logo on it.
It may have Bethesda's logo, but that's going to happen.
So, yeah, it's kind of interesting. So
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says
the new Bethesda games will not go to switch or PS5.
There's no way the Elder Scrolls six will be on any console,
not in the Xbox ecosystem.
Have they I have they clarified that because I thought they said
they did interviews where they were actually pushing the opposite narrative
where the guy was saying, well, we haven't made any decisions on that yet.
You know, and you can you know,
you can maybe read the tea leaves where it's going to go that way.
I feel like it might happen.
But and this is a big but.
Microsoft's going to have the must have version.
There's going to be a bunch of shit that's cut out for the other stuff.
It's going to be like
when Destiny first came out.
It had like a whole extra zone on PlayStation
that wasn't even on the Microsoft version.
And Sony was like pushing it almost like it was one of their own exclusive games
because they had such a great deal with Activision to get all this exclusive stuff.
I feel like that could be kind of a middle ground
where Microsoft still has like the must have version.
But they they they give a little little pittance to the other ecosystems.
So we'll see.
Bobby says, but if you want to play Elder Scrolls six, you'll need an Xbox.
Just like if you want to play God of War, you need a PlayStation or a PC.
Or a PC for probably either of those games,
eventually, the way some of the other Sony things have been going as of late.
So we'll we'll give that one to the PC fanboys.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about some other news that came out this week.
And this news is very exciting for me,
which was the new Final Fantasy 14 expansion that was announced.
And of course, I talk a lot in my gaming weeks about how I play a lot
of Final Fantasy 14.
So, of course, I was very excited to watch this announcement showcase
that they did on Friday,
because essentially this was the event that I'd gone to in Vegas three times.
Now, we all know why it didn't happen in person this time
and why it was delayed a few months. Hello, Covid.
But they finally kind of gave us the information
that we would have got at the scheduled.
Actually, they were going to move it this year to San Diego.
They had announced that just before the pandemic started was that, oh, yeah,
we're going to do Fan Fest in October, but it's in San Diego this time.
So for whatever reason, they were moving it.
And then, of course, they they called it off altogether.
So we got some of the information about the new expansion.
And as Loki kind of referred to earlier in the show, it is called Endwalker,
which I love it because you can abbreviate it as Ew for short.
Ew, David.
But now it's Ew. Ew, Yoshi P.
Anyway, it's going to be coming out this fall, so it will be out this year.
One of the things that they showcased
as part of the event was a new healer job, which is the first healer job
they've put in the game since Astrologian,
which, if I remember right, would have been 2018,
2015 was when Heaven's Word came out and the Astrologian.
So it's been a little while since we had a healer in the game, so Sage
and Sage is a barrier healer.
There will be a melee DPS, but we don't know what it is yet.
A lot of sleuths on Reddit and people that I know
are trying to figure it out from some of the things that were in the trailer.
It is believed that there is multiple cases where a scythe has been visible
and some of the T-shirts that Yoshi P was wearing
have referenced a reaper or a scythe type of character.
So people are kind of going that direction with it,
that it will be some type of DPS that wields a scythe.
It was also clarified in a Japanese interview that Yoshi P did.
The class will share gear with Dragoon,
which means it's going to be a strength based class,
not a dexterity based class like Ninja would use.
So there is all of that coming into it.
A lot of people thinking we're getting some type of,
some people are saying necromancer, some people are saying like a reaper.
I think Final Fantasy 14 has done this very well,
where they've kind of invented their own classes based around Final Fantasy history.
So I think we're going to get some type of scythe based melee class
that will be the class that people thought Dark Knight would be.
So there will be that.
So let's see some other things that they announced.
This will be the end of the story.
They have started the story with Zodiark and Hydaelyn
all the way back in 1.0 and Realm Reborn, really.
This will be the end of that.
However, and they stress this many times, many times,
this will not be the end of Final Fantasy 14.
This will not be the end of Yoshi P's involvement.
I think one way to kind of equate it is that this is the end of Marvel
Cinematic Universe Part One, and then Marvel Cinematic Universe
Part Two will begin in patch 6.1.
So this is this.
This is end game coming out and Walker and game, huh?
Huh? OK, so there's that.
So and then after this will be like a new kind of Final Fantasy 14 era.
I thought it was very neat
that Yoshi P came out and said, I see this as my life's work
because, you know, with his involvement producing, but not directing
Final Fantasy 16, some folks have kind of wondered what his future is.
And I would assume it's inevitable
that Final Fantasy 17 or 18 is another MMO.
Why wouldn't they?
And why wouldn't they want Yoshi P to be involved somehow?
But it's not happening yet.
So Yoshi P is staying with Final Fantasy 14.
The other big news that was announced,
a PlayStation five version of the game will be coming out
and it will begin in a beta on April 13th.
And this is the best news.
You don't have to buy the PlayStation five version
if you already own the PlayStation four version.
Yeah, you can just roll over that license to PlayStation five.
Actually, no, you don't even have to roll over a license.
It just is looking for your PS4 license, basically, which is great.
Some may recall when the game first came out, Realm Reborn
and I think the first expansion Heavensward were on PlayStation three.
When they finally sunset it, you can no longer play Realm Reborn
or excuse me, Final Fantasy 14 on PlayStation three.
They terminated that support, but they gave you a year,
maybe a year and a half, where they said you can convert
your PlayStation three license to a PlayStation four license.
But once you do it, you can't go back to PlayStation three.
So this is but they didn't really put that same quantifier
on this PS5 rollover.
But if you own a PlayStation five,
why would you want to go back and play this on PlayStation four?
Play it on PlayStation five.
I I suppose everybody's situation is unique
and maybe the PlayStation five isn't in the place that you want to play.
I don't know.
But I think for most people, they're going to be very happy with this news.
There will be a virtual fan fest coming up in May 15th and 16th,
where the rest of the expansion's details will be unearthed.
And they didn't stop there because they still have a whole nother patch
for the current expansion, Shadowbringers, that they went on
and detailed later that night.
We didn't stream that one
because as I figured, it was mostly stuff we were expecting.
It was here's a new dungeon.
We're adding story content here.
It's kind of the only maybe thing you could say about Final Fantasy 14.
I think it's they've supported it very well.
The game gets regular patches.
But I think one of the ways they're able to make the game regular
is it's very formulaic.
Like the odd number patch is when you get the new 24 man raid
and you get one new dungeon and you get this amount of story.
The even numbered patch, you get the new eight man raid
and you might get one trial.
And so it's it's it's like we kind of all knew what was coming
before we watched it.
So there was that.
But you know what? It's Final Fantasy 14.
The story is great. I love the game.
I'm still eating it up.
Even if I'm saying that's it.
So. All right.
So, yeah, looking forward to the Final Fantasy 14 expansion
coming out later this year.
I'm sure I will talk plenty more about it because it is one of my favorite games.
Oh, I have to say this, too.
Loved that there was so much Final Fantasy four inspiration in the game.
It's the one Final Fantasy that I feel like doesn't have a lot of representation
in the game right now, and it's one of my favorites.
And so I love that they're really going full tilt with this.
You can get a lunar whale mount, an eight person mount
if you get like a fan fest ticket.
So you have to pay money for it. But still.
And they played some of the music.
So their music guy, Soken, who is like the Final Fantasy 14 soundtrack is stunning.
If you've never heard it, you really owe it to yourself to listen to some tracks
from Final Fantasy 14 soundtrack, because Soken is is proving himself
in every way to be an heir to that legacy's music
and what Nobui Matsu started many, many, many years ago.
Soken is really fucking good.
And he reinterpreted the Final Fantasy four like moon theme
or like the lunar whale theme.
It's so good. You have to hear it.
So I'm really excited about that.
And of course, you know, you're going to the moon.
They're putting out minions for Rosa, Edge and Rydia
that are going to be part of the virtual fan fest.
I'm really excited about all of that.
So loving the Final Fantasy four love.
Thank you very much.
OK, now I'm done talking about Final Fantasy 14.
We can talk about other video games.
Loki, what do you have for us?
It's finishing up some some editing anyways.
Are you working on your game now during the show?
Of course you are.
I was just making some changes to Wikipedia, that's all.
Anyways. Oh, doing some marketing, I see.
Yeah. So anyways,
we've got news about what might have been.
So Netflix was originally going to have a Zelda show,
but it then pulled it back because it leaked out that it was coming out.
So apparently this was a while ago and back in 2015.
It was that long ago because I remember these rumors like they were the other day.
I thought it was like two years ago.
Anyway, it was it was a long time ago.
Actually, probably even before that.
So they said that during this was kind of
that came out when they were talking about,
I guess, this College Humor stop motion Star Fox thing that they were working on.
The fantastic Mr. Star Fox.
It came out in 2011.
And so apparently because around that time
there was reports that Netflix wasn't going to do Legends of Zelda anymore
because basically that it had leaked out that they were going to be doing
the Legend of Zelda show and that kind of, I don't know, spooked Nintendo,
but basically say, hey, listen, we're not going to do it anymore
now that it's leaked out that we were going to do that.
Seems silly to me that that would be a thing. But.
Nintendo be Nintendo, I guess so.
We can't have Zelda.
We can't have nice things because you guys won't stop leaking information about it.
Maybe they were worried that a lot more was going to leak out before it was ready.
It does seem like an odd reason to pull the plug completely on a project as well.
In fact, usually usually the hype machine is kind of a big deal in Hollywood.
I don't know if this is just I admit I'm a little ignorant to this, so I apologize.
But I don't know if this may be a culture thing around like Japanese culture
and the hype for cinema and TV and projects around there and our culture,
because like we find out about projects before somebody's ever even been cast.
You know, Marvel gets out there on stage and says,
here's the roadmap for Marvel Cinematic Universe phase two all the way through 2025
before we've even like inked a deal to write a fucking script.
Like that's just part of the height.
Like y'all think video games are announced too early.
Look at fucking movies, OK?
Like we find out about this.
So to find out that a project is being started years before they've even shot
one frame or anything is very much a part of like the Hollywood Entertainment
Tonight, Access Hollywood variety deadline and all that type of culture.
I wonder if it's just and I again, I'm saying I am ignorant.
I don't know how this works in Japan because I haven't lived there
or followed enough of their culture there where maybe it is not
the same type of hype machine.
So when Nintendo kind of heard that this was going on,
they saw it as a threat and they pulled the plug.
That's my only that's all.
That's all I've got to go off of, honestly,
because you just don't usually hear about these things stopping because of leaks.
But also, Nintendo is fiercely protective of its properties
for better and for worse.
So. Yeah.
So, I mean, it's unfortunate.
Does this mean we're not getting the Switch Pro anymore because it's leaked out?
You know that there are lots of information allegedly has leaked out about it.
You know that it's coming.
So does that mean we're not getting that anymore?
I doubt it.
Tiger Con Chat says also Nintendo is banking on that Super Mario
Brothers animated movie.
It could make or break them in terms of making movies from some of their IPs.
Could you could Universal have approached them when the rumor came out and said,
hey, we can do something better, but you've got to call this deal off?
I don't know. Maybe I'm no, I'm adding I'm adding too much drama into it.
I don't I don't think that was.
Yeah, I don't think that's going to be a anything has to do with it.
I think if anything now, I mean, because I mean, granted, this took place
like years ago, I mean, look at like what we have on Netflix now.
There's like so many series based off of video games that done really well.
So I would think that they'd be less hesitant to put out something now.
Maybe there's something in development
and just hasn't been leaked out because they learned the lesson the first time.
I don't know.
So it's I doubt that now if something like that were to happen,
I would think that they would be ahead of it, kind of trying to promote it a bit.
Then again, Nintendo's weird.
And so who knows? Who knows?
All right. What else you have for us, Loki?
All right. So apparently,
you know, we had the Mario sets come out for Lego now, and technically we had a
Sonic the Hedgehog set come out in the form of a pack for Lego dimensions.
But now, thanks to the whole,
you know, fan submission process that they have available for Lego ideas,
it's there is a set that reached 10,000 fan supporters,
which means it goes through the Lego review process.
And Lego has decided that, yes, we will go ahead and make a Sonic
Green Hills set for Lego.
So it's got right now based on the initial prototype
was like this giant Eggman robot, Sonic the Hedgehog minifigs
and, you know, some stuff that you would see in Green Hill Zone.
But I would imagine we might see some more sets based on that if it sells well.
But it's still pretty cool that that's going to be a thing.
No word on necessarily when it's coming, but I'd expect sometime later this year.
That's pretty exciting.
I think it makes sense.
They've already had that mold for the Sonic character already.
So that's kind of half the battle right there.
Yeah, it'll be interesting to check it out.
I'm curious to see if they'll gamify it at all, kind of like the Mario one.
Well, there's some impressive technology there.
I mean, yeah, that would be cool. They did that.
I don't think so.
In this case, I think it'll just be like a set,
kind of like how the Minecraft sets aren't really gamified.
It's just, you know, Lego set.
I mean, it would be cool to have some more game type stuff with it.
I mean, Dimensions was pretty cool, but.
You know, I don't know, they don't sell that stuff anymore,
but at least, you know, they have the mold, so that saves them some time, I guess.
True. If they didn't destroy those.
No, they don't destroy that stuff.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I mean, you can still play the Mario set with it.
You know, true.
You can make Mario versus Sonic happen in your imagination, in your house
with the dueling Lego sets.
Except Mario is going to be super huge compared to, you know, Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic is minifig size and Mario is much larger than that.
So I'm sure your imagination can make up the difference.
I have no imagination.
Sizes must be accurate.
I don't know. We'll see.
Yeah, I'm with Orange, right?
Mario just ate a mega mushroom. That's all.
All right. All right.
But Sonic goes fast. All right.
Let's move on and talk about a PlayStation 5 game
that's getting a surprising kind of little change here before it's out.
Destruction All-Stars has actually I'm sorry, it just recently released.
I didn't realize this actually came out.
Destruction All-Stars, the developer behind the game, Lucid Games,
has put out an update for the game and it disables voice chat by default.
In a tweet, they wrote, Lucid Games put All-Stars Hotfix 1.2.2 is live.
Hotfix note threads disabled multiplayer lobby voice communications
by default for all players.
We are actively working on longer term enhancements
to the voice communication system.
So apparently the way it was before
voice was on by default and it wasn't exactly easy to just mute everybody.
You had to go into your PlayStation 5 menu and disable voice chat there.
Otherwise, it would because even if you turned it off for your headset,
you would still get voices through the DualSense controller speaker.
And I'm sure there were no problems at all.
Are you saying people were saying naughty words through that?
You mean if you put a microphone and no accountability in front of somebody,
they're going to say some really shitty things you don't say.
But it wasn't just that.
But a lot of people don't even know that, like,
the DualSense has like a mic thing built in.
So some people didn't even know that they were transmitting.
So they would get background noise
that would come through, like the shifting around to the controller or the,
you know, you know, have you ever played like Mario Kart online or something?
And somebody blue shells you and you're like, fuck that guy.
And if you don't know that you're muted, it's going to come or not muted.
It's going to come through. Right.
Or the or here's here's the classic one, too.
You're playing a game and you're getting your ass kicked by somebody online.
And then all of a sudden you just hear coming through the speaker.
Mom, mom, I want the pizza rolls, mom.
Right. And again, somebody doesn't know
that their voice is being transmitted through the speaker.
So now you just found out you're getting your butt kicked by a little kid
who's waiting on pizza rolls.
However, unfortunately, the really shitty stuff online
was also making its way through a review on Ars Technica of the game
actually called out obscenities, racist slurs and an alt right podcast
featuring dark web and QAnon content that was played on replay,
because that's what you want to hear when you're trying to do your escapism.
Video games, I'm so sure.
So they they removed voice chat by default.
And actually, in this day and age, that's what most games do.
So it's a little surprising they didn't do that that way to start.
It's a very tough lesson to learn.
But I will tell you what, I don't voice chat on games, period,
unless I am playing a private game with people I know. That's it.
And then even then, it's usually not through the game.
It's usually through Discord, like just to make sure it's even
under a separate set up and because you never know.
Like it might be a PvP thing.
You don't even want your voice going over to the other team. So
see a Tiberian chat saying of my yelling.
I thought that was toad. It might have been.
It very well might have been.
All right. Moving on, Loki,
you got a story on something I'm very excited about.
You're excited about corrupted source code,
so you're not going to be able to get some of the DLC from Mass Effect.
That's a weird thing to be excited about.
I'm not that. All right. Shut up. Shut up.
But yeah, unfortunately, that tends to happen sometimes.
You know, you have something you want to re-release in like a 4K
legendary edition, you go back and up the source codes corrupted. Oh, no.
So apparently there is going to be some DLC missing.
So Pinnacle Station,
which I guess is the third of the Citadel DLC.
And I'm not sure, are they going to try to remake it?
Maybe not. No, it's Citadel's different.
Citadel's different DLC for part three.
Pinnacle Station was the third, I think,
DLC that they did for the first game.
And honestly, like, you know, some of the hardcore fans and stuff are like,
oh, it's a good.
But I'm like, honestly, there's so much fucking content.
You're not missing that much.
Like, calm down.
You're getting more.
You're getting more than the Wii U players got, OK?
The Wii U players for Mass Effect 3 got the first DLC
and then the entire development.
Fuck it. We're not doing the rest of it.
So I couldn't reverse engineer some of that stuff.
Maybe just don't want to.
But yeah, the reason why that this is not necessarily
something that's recoverable versus some of the other stuff is because it was based
or wasn't actually developed in the house by Bioware.
But is actually outsourced to demurge studios.
And I guess they don't have the original files
that are in an uncorrupted state.
So that's unfortunate.
But they said that, you know, they could bring it back.
But it'd take another six months just to do this with most of the team
that we've got.
And I wish we could do it, but we're not going to be able to.
So there's going to be so much like I'm telling you, those games take
like 30 to 40 hours to get through just the base content.
And you're getting three of them.
And then they're going to be adding a lot of DLC
that can be like six or seven hours on their own.
Like there's several of them for part two and three.
You're going to have plenty of content for these games.
Don't worry about this one little piece that's missing.
And I'm with She-Hulk in our chat who says Mass Effect one is going to be fun.
Anyway, they're doing a lot.
I mean, they have gone back and changed a lot with one there.
The interface looks a lot more like two and three now.
Like they totally changed the interface.
They've obviously gone back and done some of the graphics.
There's some controversy around what they've done with some of the graphics.
Some people did not like the look that Eden Prime had
because it kind of changed the vibe a little bit on the planet.
I'm I want to you know, we've had such a short trailer.
I'm taking much more of a wait and see approach.
And my honest response to a lot of the people that are criticizing
that is like you are free to, you know, have your criticisms,
but you're going to buy the game anyway.
Don't act like you're not going to.
Like if you are that level of fan
where you're criticizing those sorts of things, I'm like, don't kid yourself.
You're going to buy the game.
And then at least once you've kind of actually like played through
the whole thing outside of just the trailer,
then you can kind of formulate your long term opinion.
And either you didn't like it or you didn't or you liked it or you didn't,
you know? Yeah, so.
But I'm sure you all want to know, since I've effectively bought Mass Effect
3 on the PC, the Xbox 360, the PlayStation 3 and the Wii U,
I even bought the Wii U version when it was on sale.
Will I be buying Mass Effect 3 a fifth time through this?
And the answer is, of course, I will be.
Of course, I will be picking this up.
I haven't decided yet, though.
I think I'm going to get it on Series X.
But there's a part of my brain that thinks I might finally buy
into PlayStation five before then.
And if I do, I might get it on PlayStation five only because
the inevitable day that this goes over to play and thus Microsoft Game Pass,
I will then have it a sixth time if I buy it on the PlayStation first.
But that's only if I get a PlayStation five,
which I actually don't think I'm going to be able to do by the time this is out.
So I will probably realistically end up getting it on my Series X.
So.
There is that.
SSG100 Matt in chat says, Rob, smart thinking, diversifying.
I know I got to think I got to think about how can I own this
in as many places as possible?
All right. Moving on.
Loki, what else you have for us?
So apparently Activision has been accused
of stealing the concept for a Call of Duty character.
So there's this character
that was created called K Janice, who was part of a film pitch.
And apparently somehow they got Activision
got a hold of this character, figured out, you know, the likeness of this.
And they decided to use it in a Call of Duty game.
And they went to such extents to actually use
the same photographer that they use for this pitch for a movie,
use the same makeup artist, the same person
that was in those photography sessions as well.
And basically almost the same design for hair and costume.
But allegedly, you know, very they didn't steal anything.
But apparently this
the original guy that pitched this
to the movie studio actually had copyrighted his story
and characters back in 2012 and 2012, 2013.
But the photography and the photographs were a little bit more recent in 2020.
But still, I mean, it it's hard to say, like, I mean,
because a lot of this is just the person that they have playing this part,
which is actually a streamer by the name of Alex Ziedra.
But I don't know.
At the same time, that's kind of like.
It's it's awfully close, like I get it, if it's based off the same person,
but like they look pretty identical.
I mean, because it's the same person, but I don't know.
So anyways, that's a lawsuit that we're going to hear about for a while, I guess.
Until they settle out of court and then we don't get any of the details,
because when they settle out of court, we never get the details.
That's just the way it goes. Yes. Yeah. All right.
Well, I know nothing about the character.
I have nothing to say about this because I really don't know.
So, look, I kind of have to go with your opinion if you think it's
if there's any merit to this or not, or if it's a little more.
It's hard to say because all they're they're showing like photographs
with like the promotional materials,
which basically looks like a photograph of the same person.
But I mean, they're dressed up in a very similar like military fatigues
and everything, the same like loadout and the same hair and everything, which is
like if it's the same person, I get that.
But the same hair and makeup and the same kind of outfit,
that's a little questionable.
I don't know. It just especially if if they allegedly use those
original photographs as kind of a base to build the character off of
and like modeled off of that, that is also questionable. All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about another story here
before we get to the classic game of the week.
And this has to do with the delay for an older game
that was being remade, but apparently ran into some problems.
I'm talking, of course, about Prince of Persia, The Sands of Time.
If you weren't already aware, they are remaking this game for current consoles,
and they've decided to bump it back a little bit, saying in a statement,
we have made the decision to shift the release for Prince of Persia,
The Sands of Time, Sands of Time remake to a later date.
This extra development time will enable our teams to deliver a remake
that feels fresh while remaining faithful to the original.
It should be noted they don't give a target window in this update,
which is fine because they probably don't know it yet,
especially with everything pandemic going on right now.
They probably have no idea how long it's going to take
to fix some of the issues that they have been having.
And apparently some folks were kind of in some of the like pre footage
and stuff where we're seeing that there were some issues.
So it sounds like they've definitely made the right call here and bumping it back.
It'll be interesting to see, like, is this what is this mean a holiday?
Does this mean like a year?
How long is it going to be? Who knows?
So, by the way, it should also be noted.
We just like we just talked about this game getting delayed not that long ago.
It was supposed to originally come out in January.
Then they delayed it back to March.
Now they're delaying it. Tell who knows when.
So this game will be out for PlayStation 4, Xbox
one and PC via Epic Games Store and Ubisoft's own Uplay when it does come out.
So we will see the original, of course, came out in 2003.
Who knows? Maybe recent spotlights on buggy games that have come out,
scared them off, I don't know.
But there's that.
SG100Matt in our chat says, whatever, get it done when it's done.
Sands of Time was a great game and messing up this remake would suck.
Yes, I know there were some people that I know that really love
the Prince of Persia games that were kind of saying like,
why haven't we had a new Prince of Persia game in a while?
So this will definitely be something to hold it over,
but it's got to be done right or else, you know.
People will be very upset, won't they?
All right. Well, let's people know, of course not.
All right, let's get to a segment then where we spotlight a game
that is bug free, a classic game, shall we?
All right. So now we're going to use the magic of Internet radio
and discord and all of that to get the classic game of the week,
where every week here on the show, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault
to find a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be checking this game out.
Not that newfangled stuff.
And I say magical because we actually have Dark Soccer here with us,
even though she is not on the show tonight.
Hi, Jamie, how are you?
Well, I'm sick of the sinus infection, so we'll see once I talk to the doctor tomorrow.
Boo, I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm glad you're able to spare a few minutes here
before the show tonight to still walk us through the classic game of the week.
So without further fanfare, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is known in America as Sorcer Stryker,
S-O-R-C-E-R Stryker, and it's a vertically scrolling shooter game
that came out in 1993.
It was developed by Rising, which is now called Aiding,
published by the Able Corp in Japan and in Europe.
So basically, you are playing one of four bounty hunters
who has to overthrow the goblin empire
and reclaim a bounty that was placed on King Cadwena, a violent kingdom.
So the series is actually the Maho Daisakusen series.
So the first game really was known as Maho Daisakusen.
It also includes in that trilogy Kingdom Grand Prix and Daimaho.
It's also the first game that was made by Rising.
So at any rate, the company was founded actually by former Naxatsoft
and Compile staff, folks who worked on the Alest series.
And we all know how great those shooters are.
And I know Compile from, you know, Gardic and all that stuff.
Yeah, for sure.
Well, Compile also gave us P.O.P.O., remember?
That's true. Great company.
Probably every game of theirs has been a classic game at some point or another.
Well, that remains to be seen.
But at any rate, the game first had an arcade release.
It came out in May 1993.
It did later get other ports and we can talk about that a bit later.
So at any rate, it is a science fantasy theme.
So it's a shooter up.
It's very similar to Spriggan, where you play one of four characters
through six different stages.
I just love that you're in the violent kingdom.
And it does have different elements from other Compile shooters.
So like, you know, the scrolling background until you reach the boss
and all that and your different weapons, your main weapon and your sub weapon.
And you have bombs to clean off the screen.
But it also has some other stuff in common with M.U.S.H.A.
where you fight different mini bosses at certain stage stages of the game.
You have a respawn system where you immediately start where you died.
You can get hit by an enemy or collide with stage objects to lose a life
or lose your firepower as you go along.
So basically, you have two loops of the game.
You have to complete the first loop and then you start over
and you get the true ending when you finish the second loop.
So the plot of the game actually comes a bit more through
its supplementary materials with it.
So, you know, there were different
things that were released with it that would outline a little bit more of the story.
So anyway, a little bit more about about the development of the game.
It was developed by a crew of about four members,
including actually with designer Nakashima Kazuyuki
and the programmer of the Spriggan game, Toyama Ichi,
Yoko Kenichi and a freelance composer, Motoyama Atsuhiro.
And so they worked on this one.
Actually, it came, Toyama was working right after the arcade
release of both Spriggan and Spriggan Mark II.
Those are games I might be bringing up later, too.
And so they were they founded Rising right after that
with the desire to make a new a new game.
And in fact, they also had connections to Toaplan,
you know, another game that did some amazing tutors.
So they worked with Toaplan as the consultant.
Toaplan was their consultant for it.
And so the game started in development March 1992,
and the staff was working out of the bedroom of an apartment
using development tools provided by Toaplan.
And it was going to start off as a Chinese martial arts
shooter called Hago Gekiren Saifu.
However, it went a little bit different
because they wanted to add worldwide appeal to it.
And so they took things from different
games that the others worked on.
I mean, like I said, Musha, many of the other compile games
and wanted to make it a little bit more fantasy,
kind of a steampunk aesthetic to it.
So they changed the whole kind of concept of the game
and they developed it in an apartment. That's nuts. Yeah.
Well, I mean, think about what people do with games now.
Oh, yeah, no, I know, especially, you know,
you have to remember it was a very different industry in the 90s
and teams were generally smaller as well.
But still, I mean,
and they also did have support from Toaplan.
So they had development tools, like really good development tools.
So they they did some special designs
with the ships to give them like these hand-like extremities
to give them character.
But the designs were also an experiment to see if they could give
operability and personality to keep it from
but have it not interfere with their hitbox.
So, you know, they they wanted to give a sense of story.
They wanted to be a little bit different.
So at any rate, you know, they even tried to put in like their
their muscular dude and then their little moe girl,
you know, like an idol singer type girl, you know.
But they didn't really have, you know, all the appeal they quite wanted,
but they were able to get get things to where they wanted to.
And also, some of the characters were based off of Wizardry,
the game, the game series, Wizardry. Oh, yeah.
So they had some difficulty
deciding on a name.
It was first titled Mahou Daisensou.
And then they with a little bit more brainstorming,
it came out as Mahou Daisakusen.
So and that's where they, you know, kind of went through
to produce this colorful, this vivid game.
So it was first released into arcades by the Able Corporation
across Europe and Japan, May 1993.
And they used a TOA plan licensed arcade board.
There was a CD music album out in 1994
that was published in Japan by Shin Seisha.
And then there was a manga adaptation.
Remember, I said there was more material that came with it.
The first port of the game was, of course, on the X68000,
published by E.A. Victor.
And that came out on December 16th, 1994,
and had a lot of different options,
including different MIDI support.
Then it came out on FM Towns,
also again by Electric Arts and Victor in February 1995.
And it had the Redbook audio from the X68000 version,
but it also ran at a lower frame rate
and had missing special effects.
There was a mobile phone version by EasyWeb
that was developed by Aiding once they were no longer rising.
And on November 2017,
M2 released a new version of Sorcerer Striker
as part of their M2 shot triggers for PS4.
And it had exclusive additions,
including an easier difficulty setting
and two aircraft simultaneously in single player.
As of August 1st, 1983,
in Japan, Game Machine listed
as their seventh most popular arcade game at the time.
There were plenty of comparisons with Truxton made.
The X68000 version had a lot of positive reception.
I've seen it in hand,
and it actually is a pretty damn good version.
A few people were like, eh, it doesn't have what Alest had.
But, you know, different people
have just come out on the limit,
since this is actually one of their favorite shooter games.
And it says it tends to be for,
actually Kurt Kalata for Hardcore Gaming 101 said,
it's an excellent game,
though one that tends to be forgotten
in favor of Rising's more innovative and ambitious titles.
Famitsu gave the PS4 version 25 out of 40.
We know how tough Famitsu is.
So it is the first one in the Mahou Daisakusen trilogy.
There was a sequel called Kingdom Grand Prix,
came out in arcades in 84,
and then came out on Sega Saturn by Gaga Communications.
It's a different kind of game though.
And then there was Daimaho,
which was released for arcades by Capcom in 2000.
So I actually think it's a Capcom CPS1, I wanna say.
Don't quote me yet.
I think it's a CPS1.
And then the characters that were in there,
their names are Gain, Chita, Miyamoto, and Bonem,
are guest characters in Battle Garaga
and Armed Police Batrider.
Battle Garaga is one I'm probably gonna do again
in the future,
because it's one of those iconic shooters.
Now don't go spoiling it at all.
No, I just said I might do it.
But I mean, this game is, I've played it a couple of times.
I mean, I'm not super great at shooters,
but it's a fun one.
I mean, it definitely has kind of that mix of compile meets,
you know, compile shooter meets a last.
So it's pretty, pretty cool.
And it's not every day you hear about wizardry
inspiring a shooter, that's for sure.
Yeah, I mean, it was just a couple of characters
that were inspired by wizardry.
But still.
So, but it's, you know, it's a worthwhile game, you know,
and hold on, I'm gonna real quick confirm
what Daima-ho was released on.
I wanna say that it was a CPS,
sorry, it was a CPS2, my apologies.
Yeah, I knew it was like an earlier though one,
so there you go.
I mean, even the sequels are really great games.
I played Daima-ho before I played the first one, so.
All right.
Well, thank you for walking us through
your classic game of the week, Sorcerer Striker.
Sorcerer.
Sorcerer, excuse me.
I keep wanting to say, it's the wizardry on the brain.
I keep wanting to say sorcerer.
Okay, Sorcerer Striker.
It's a magic related game, so.
Yeah.
All right, well, before we go back to the studio live,
Dark Sakura, any parting words for the folks tonight?
I would like for my sinuses to be drilled out
and inflated so that they don't feel like my face
is going to crush itself.
That's all.
Well, you should let your doctor know.
All right.
I am.
Take care of Dark Sakura, we'll see you next week.
All right, bye.
All right, thanks to Jamie, Dark Sakura,
for filling in there earlier today.
So we still got to have her voice on the show this week
with the classic game of the week, Sorcerer Striker,
which I have to admit, not a title I was super familiar with
and this happens with her pick sometimes.
I'm like, I don't remember this one.
And I was watching chat during that segment
and there was several people in chat kind of having it,
like, I swear I've played something like this,
but I don't think it was this.
The closest thing I can think of is Dragon Spirit,
but that's really like actually playing a dragon,
but it would still have like that same kind of like,
like wizardry type of thing.
But I can't think of what it is that's really like this,
but that was a good pick.
It was fun to check out.
Speaking of classics, by the way,
Loki, sorry, Mr. Smoosh just ran right under this table here.
You can't see it on stream.
He's got a case of the zoomies right now.
So I'm a little bit distracted.
Mr. Smoosh, of course, my kitty.
So Loki, you know how there's,
I drive down J Street downtown a lot
to refill up on my Pokeballs.
I use Bluetooth, so I'm not trying to spin
Pokestops and all that.
There's that little retro gaming store.
Have you ever seen that?
It's brand new.
They just put-
I know what you're talking about, yeah.
I finally went today and to check it out.
So, and I bought something while I was there.
And it's, I don't know if anyone noticed,
we have a new decoration in the studio.
I'll try to take it down from the hook here.
It's a little hard to see, but it's a little,
it's one of those like 3D frames.
If I tilt it a little bit, you can see some of the 3D,
but you can maybe see what screen it is representing there.
Hopefully you can kind of tell, sorry.
I know it's on Twitch and sorry to the podcast folks.
What's that, Loki?
I said, that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
I liked this.
It was only 20 bucks.
So I was like, all right, I'm kind of into that.
And of course the game, it's Castlevania is the game
that's Simon kind of going at the Reaper there and that.
So I thought that was really cool.
So I picked that up.
So yeah, little, speaking of classic games,
a little trinket I picked up this week.
So that's dangerous because they have more of them.
There was one for Contra and there was one for Sonic.
And I was like, I kind of want them all.
I think that would be fun little decoration
for the new studio whenever we get there.
So SGO and Hunter Matt says, oh, those things are cool.
See them at cons a bunch.
Yeah, I think, so one thing I noticed about this place,
they definitely don't just have games.
They're very, they're leaning hard into like gaming culture,
you know, hats, lamps, you know,
the kind of like Game Stops have to do too,
is, you know, you can't just make your money
off the games alone.
It's kind of the gaming culture stuff,
but I saw this and I thought it was cute.
No, I love Castlevania.
So I had to pick that.
And plus this is like my favorite stage
and music in Castlevania.
So it's a good pick.
So there you go.
Anyway, all right, let's do some rapid fire news, shall we?
Where we quickly talk about some other things going on
in the gaming world this week.
Loki.
Yes, so apparently because it's gotten a lot of attention
about how tall is that very large woman or vampire
in the new Resident Evil Village game.
So Lady Dimitrescu, she is now officially
according to Capcom, nine foot six.
So if you need to, you know, need that for some reason,
I don't know, but people were fawning over
and now you know, 2.9 meters or 9.6 feet.
Thank you, Capcom, for legitimizing all of that.
Thanks.
Nine foot six inches, I guess nine and a half inch
or nine and a half feet.
And then we have Final Fantasy XII, the Zodiac Age,
finally heading to Games Pass.
So that's gonna be coming out very soon.
I don't know the exact date yet,
but right around the corner.
Oh, here we go.
So it's gonna be coming out February 11th
and along with it, Jurassic World Evolution,
The Falconer, Project Winter, Ghosts of a Tale,
Stealth Inc. 2, A Game of Clones
and Wolfenstein Youngblood.
So coming out early this month.
All right.
Well, I wanna talk a little bit about Ingress
cause I play that game a little bit, as you guys know.
And I don't often talk about the news and updates for this,
but this one kind of also goes out to my pals
who also play Pokemon Go, another Niantic game,
because a lot of times where Ingress tends to go,
Pokemon Go tends to follow.
And I'm gonna talk about a monthly sub
that they have announced that's coming to Ingress
where you will actually be able to give them money
on a monthly basis for some additional perks.
I should point out though, because you guys,
I know a lot more people play Pokemon Go than play Ingress.
But one thing that's finally came to Ingress this week
after like years of asking,
and this has been in Pokemon Go forever.
When you go to the, well, in Pokemon Go,
you can see if you've spun a Poke Stop or not, right?
If there's a little white ring around the Poke Stop,
then you've never visited it.
And once you spin it, then that white ring goes away,
right?
Well, in Ingress, there are specific achievements
for visiting unique places and hacking stuff
and capturing stuff.
And we have never been able to see if we've ever hacked
or captured a portal before.
But now on the Ingress Intel Map, as of this week,
you can actually have a display.
These are portals you've hacked.
These are portals you've captured
to make the hunt for unique portals a lot easier.
And they say that they are bringing this
to the in-game client as well.
So that is very exciting.
It was really fun for me to go and look at a city
like Chicago that I visited a couple times
and I did an Ingress anomaly there years ago.
You may remember, I've talked about it on this show.
It was really fun to see, like, here are the parts of town
that I hacked up and down the street.
Here's the parts where I must've just done a couple hacks
driving by in a Lyft or Uber or whatever.
And here are places with tons of portals
I didn't touch at all.
It was kind of fun to me.
I like the whole, like, here's how to track
where I've been in the world.
Anyway, I'm digressing a little bit,
but I'm just kind of showing, like, Ingress, Pokemon Go.
They're tied together a little bit sometimes.
And Niantic announced this week
that there will be a monthly subscription coming to Ingress
called CORE, which stands for
Community Offers Recognition and Expansion.
They say that it will be $5 a month, $4.99, but $5, come on.
And the rewards you will get,
you will get a 500 slot expansion to your inventory.
That's huge, let me tell you, right there.
There are people that will be willing to pay it
just for that alone,
because your inventory is so limited in that game.
And you are limited to 2,000 items,
and then you have an additional five,
what they call key lockers,
where you can put keys to portals
up to 500 of them in those lockers, 600, I think,
actually now.
But there's, like, your basic inventory,
bursters and rosa, is limited to 2,000.
You cannot expand that.
So the fact that this is happening is a huge deal.
You will also get a special medal,
special code name flare, whatever.
You get some monthly in-game currency,
2,500 what they call CMUs,
and you get a loadout kit,
which I assume is gonna be, you know, some gear.
And then you will be able to, also on the Intel map,
you can go and see your inventory and your portal keys.
That's huge for planning big fields.
There's gonna be some people that will love that for,
oh, I've got a key to that, I got a key to that.
So it's gonna be interesting.
Five bucks a month, that's a lot.
But again, I know people that,
I will probably do it, honestly.
I play enough of that game.
You know, I probably play almost as much of that
as I do something like Final Fantasy XIV,
and I pay three times as much as Final Fantasy XIV.
So I'll probably do it.
Loki, you probably won't do it
because you don't play enough Ingress, right?
I don't play any Ingress, so that's a definite,
that's a hard no.
ActDeftInChat says,
I do wonder if they plan to implement this for Go.
I mean, we already pay for events in Pogo.
That comment, of course, coming from our chat room.
That's exactly why I brought it up.
I don't think we have a lot of listeners
who even know what Ingress is,
but I bet there's a lot of you that do play Pokemon Go.
And I just kind of wanted to say, oh, look at this,
because this might be what, you know,
again, we don't know until they make an official announcement
but it's interesting, isn't it?
Here's a game that admittedly I've never played
but always comes up because it was in the release dates once
and we couldn't stop laughing.
It's AlpacaBall.
Did you know AlpacaBall All-Stars
is a game that's out there right now?
Well, you can get a free update to the game
if you're somebody that's playing this game right now.
It is a Lunar New Year update.
So you can actually get in there
and it's a free update that's coming out February 5th.
So it's already come out and you will get a new pitch
and there is a new stage, I guess, called Chinatown
that is decked out with decorations
to welcome the Lunar New Year.
And there is a dragon in there
that will toss the soccer ball and the alpacas into the air,
just flinging that alpaca.
All right, so check that out if you're a fan of AlpacaBall.
Loki, a couple more for us.
All right, so we've got Akira Yamaoka teasing something
that he says is gonna be announced by the summer,
something that I'm quite sure it will be the one
that you've been waiting for, he says.
Oh, interesting.
Oh, him.
He just had a birthday a couple of days ago.
Yeah, and so apparently, you know,
he was like teasing something that this is part
of an interview that he did with AI Hub.
And since then they have pulled the interview
by the request of an unspecified party.
Oh, yikes.
Okay, hmm, the plot thickens.
I guess we'll wait and see what that might mean.
All right, let's not get too excited, but maybe a little.
Yeah, I can think of at least one franchise
he's involved with.
All right, and of course, if you're not already aware,
Silent Hill is what we're talking about,
but let's not set our expectations too high
because that's only gonna lead to disappointment.
Yeah. Yeah, and what else?
And then we've got a,
this Bimani piano game, Nostalgia, is now on PC.
So you can check that out.
It's, I don't know, I guess it's part
of the economy amusement game station platform
that they have.
So it apparently is also going to support
MIDI keyboards as well.
Oh, cool.
And you can play it, of course, like anything else
that's on there with a basic core subscription
of 1,628 yen a month or about 1,550.
And you'll have access to every piece of content
in the game.
So I am not familiar with this game,
but I mean, it looks like keyboard mania.
It's come up on the show before
and I think I've seen, it looks like a lot of fun.
Again, I'm kind of waiting to see
if they will put out an official English support translation
and localized support for the game.
But I think it's really cool.
It's neat that Bimani's still kind of kicking
in these different ways.
So.
Yeah, I'm surprised we haven't heard anything else of like,
because I know that you were doing the alpha test
for like Dance Dance Revolution
and then they have like 2DX and all that stuff.
I'm wondering.
Well, the pandemic happens and it's probably coming into it.
Yeah, I guess.
For DDR anyway.
All right.
Let's travel around the world
and check out some release dates
and some games that are coming out very soon.
I know we at least have one big one in the US this week.
Right, Loki?
Yeah.
So we've got a,
it looks like Def Crown coming out of Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
Little Nightmares II on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
Galgun Returns on PC and Nintendo Switch,
Super Mario 3D World,
plus Bowser's Fury on Nintendo Switch.
And then we've got the three that we're releasing this week,
Pixel Poops, Pixel Poops 64 and Pixel Poops number two.
PC, Commodore 64 and NES for those.
How convenient that that's on the list.
I love that.
It's on there.
Like, I mean, Wikipedia had it, so it must be official.
Is that Mario 3D Worlds this week, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Oh, I missed it.
Sorry.
It's on Friday, 3D World plus Bowser's Fury.
All right.
I know I'm picking that one up.
So I'm excited about that.
All right.
Let's travel over to Japan
and check out what's coming out over there in Japan.
Of course, Super Mario 3D World and Bowser's Fury
also out in Japan this week on the 12th.
That's kind of a worldwide release,
which I'm sure doesn't surprise anyone.
That is out on the Switch.
And then a Fate Xstella celebration.
Switch and then a Fate Xstella celebration box
for the Switch is also out on the 11th this week.
And those are pretty much your big releases on the Switch.
Checking the PlayStation 5.
No, there's a third party putting out a headset,
but we don't get any new games until next week.
We get a new game on PlayStation 5.
PlayStation 4 does have
that same Fate Xstella celebration box
that I talked about on the Switch.
Otherwise, Little Nightmares II is coming out over there.
So you can check that out.
And that's it for Japanese releases.
How about the UK, Loki, with Dark Sakura out tonight?
We have Little Nightmares II coming out
on PlayStation 5 and 4.
And it looks like Xbox One and Switch and PC.
We've got Evoland on PlayStation 4.
Eternam EX on Switch.
We have Dex on Switch.
And then they're getting also
the Mario Red and Blue Edition Switch bundle
and accessories.
So that's gonna be bundled with that Super Mario 3D World.
And we've got Galgun Returns on Nintendo Switch.
They're also doing the standalone Super Mario 3D World
and Bowser's Fury as well.
And that's it.
All right.
We've got a few more stories for you guys.
And then we're gonna get to your questions in our chat room
as well as your emails.
We have a couple of emails tonight.
So we'll get to those shortly.
But first, some more stories for you.
Loki, this game that just will not leave the news.
Every week, it's something.
And you thought mods were problems
when they were romancing Keanu Reeves.
But now, apparently all mods are problems
because come to find out,
in Cyberpunk, specifically.
Yes, in Cyberpunk.
There's a security exploit apparently in Cyberpunk
when they added mod support.
So they're saying,
hey, be cautious because we have been made aware
that there is a vulnerability allows external DLL files
and in the game or vulnerability and external DLL files
the game uses, which can be used to execute code on PCs.
This is gonna be patch ASAP, but for now be cautious.
However, it has been patched as of Friday, so that is good.
But just be aware that this stuff
kind of pops up once in a while and it is Cyberpunk.
So I mean, they're still working on it.
Still trying to make sure the game works for everybody.
Exactly.
All right, well, this news came out this week
and it's disappointing to some individuals.
Although I have to say it's not incredibly surprising,
but Blizzard has basically confirmed
that Overwatch 2 and Diablo 4
will not be happening this year.
Which is interesting because they're doing
their own type of like online BlizzCon soon.
I think it's in the next couple of weeks.
I don't remember the exact day,
but I think it's coming up real soon.
It might even be this week.
I just forget.
If somebody in chat knows, let me know.
But this news came out during a earnings call.
So they did their fourth quarter 2020 earnings call.
And they basically said that Diablo 4 and Overwatch 2
are not gonna be happening right now.
I think some folks thought that maybe Diablo 4
might make this year or even maybe Overwatch 2
because it seems to build a lot on Overwatch 1.
So it might be a little bit surprising.
Again, knowing that Blizzard is headquartered in California
and California has had a lot of the stringent shutdown laws
and the fact that working from home
has probably put some bumps in the road,
I'm not incredibly surprised.
But it does leave me wondering what Blizzard plans
to hype up or what they have coming this year.
My concern is it's that Diablo phone game.
Although everybody I've heard that's tried it
says it's not bad.
Like a lot of people are writing it off
because it's a mobile phone game,
but it actually is a pretty decent Diablo game.
I wanna try it for myself before I really know
because that's coming from fanboys at the fair.
But that must be a thing for this year.
But again, after what happened a couple of Blizzcons ago,
with that being the key announcement,
I can't believe that that would be their key announcement
for this year.
Now we've had the rumors about Diablo 2 getting remastered.
Remember that whole thing where they picked up
the studio back East and everything.
So maybe that's the thing they're gonna lean on this year.
Maybe that's something they can get done a little faster.
I don't know.
Anyway, oh, I found the dates for the event.
It's February 19th and 20th.
So it is this month, it's coming up pretty soon.
So there you go, that's happening.
So we'll see if they decide to give them a better date then.
But for right now in their earnings report,
they said we are making significant progress
against our development pipeline
for other key intellectual properties,
which we expect to fuel further growth in 2022 and beyond.
Well, we'll see what they've got.
All right, moving on.
Loki to something we never got.
Yes, so there is a prototype of DuckTales
that has been found.
And one of the things that was discovered in the game,
which is a unused soundtrack or yeah,
unused song from the game
that was originally supposed to be intended
for the map screen, but they cut it out.
So that was kind of cool that we got to hear that.
Yeah.
Yeah, and so this prototype was from,
looks like February 5th, 1989.
Wow, 22 years ago.
No, I can't math today.
That would be 32 years ago.
Wow, yeah.
So that's pretty neat that they have that available
to hear what might've been.
Wasn't as good as some of the other music in the game,
but it was still neat to hear it.
Yeah, it's almost, I love the site
that gets all the prototypes
and all the differences and things.
It's so neat to see the stuff that changed
for whatever reason and just to kind of theorize
like why would they have changed this
or done this a little differently?
And like you said, maybe they just didn't receive
the map song as well internally.
So they decided to put a different song in instead.
So, dark to see in chat says over at twitch.tv
slash vog network.
I definitely recommend looking up
the alternative Transylvania music.
I almost like it more than the one we got.
So yeah, art is all in the eye of the beholder.
So cool, I'll have to check.
I haven't heard the song yet,
so I'll have to check it out after the show.
So, all right, well, meanwhile, another story from Loki.
Yeah, and then I think we talked a little bit
about how Valve is gonna be getting the receiving end
of a lawsuit regarding patent infringement
with their controller.
Well, they have now been fined over 4 million
for that patent infringement.
This is coming from the, let's see,
the company was Scuf, I guess, or S-C-U-F,
and they're owned now by Corsair.
So they apparently, they found that they did impede
on their patent and now they owe them that kind of money.
Yeah, I mean, I'm kind of surprised,
but just kind of sucks for Valve.
They can't catch a break with anything,
any of the brick rules that they're releasing,
but I don't know, what are you gonna do?
At least it's not being produced anymore.
So, keep the damages to a minimum.
Well, one thing they could do is show up to court,
although that was a different case, but still, still.
All right, ending on a bit of a downer tonight, sorry,
but it should definitely be brought up
because unfortunately we lost somebody this week
who is huge in gaming culture, and that is Robert A. Altman,
who is the co-founder and CEO of ZeniMax.
Bethesda in a statement saying he was a true visionary friend
and believer in the spirit of people
and the power of what they could accomplish together.
He was an extraordinary leader
and an even better human being.
There's a lot of stuff on Twitter,
a lot of people talking about their reflections
on having met Robert Altman and so forth
and some of the things he kind of did with the company.
I even know a couple of people that work over there
and we're talking about some of the things
that he did with the company and so forth.
And it's sad, and obviously a lot of folks that work there
are kind of mourning this.
This is, I did not catch that there was a reason,
not that it's any of our business,
but I know in the year 2021,
a lot of people want to know, is it COVID?
I don't know, and I don't know how much notice they had
that if he was sick for a while or something like that,
but the reality is that unfortunately he's passed away
and now somebody else will become the CEO of Bethesda
when the board meets next.
So if you do want more information,
including there's a nice little letter from his son
that is available, twitter.com slash Bethesda,
and there are some tweets from February 4th
when this occurred.
So you can check that out.
All right.
Ooh, SH100Matt bringing it back to a happier note.
We'll kind of start our listener round table with this
cause I can't believe I forgot to include this tonight.
Meanwhile, the data miners finding the original code
for the Super Mario Brothers Super Mario World soundtrack
and folks recreating it in its uncompressed form
sounds really cool.
Yeah, I wish I'd prepped that to play on the show tonight.
Sorry guys, but check it out on YouTube.
I tweeted about it a few days ago.
Loki, did you hear these?
It was-
I did, and it was probably a good thing
that we didn't play any of that.
I liked it.
It was, oh yeah, you're right.
We might get shut down or something.
Yeah, you're right.
Cease and desist, happy and all that, you're right.
So we probably shouldn't play it, but still,
I can still tell you to go seek it out on YouTube
cause I believe it's still up there.
So basically what they did,
they found the uncompressed samples
before they went into the cartridge.
And then obviously you have to compress stuff down a lot
to fit into 16-bit cartridge, right?
So the song sounded one way to us
because we heard the compressed audio,
but somebody rebuilt the music with the uncompressed audio
and it sounds different because they don't,
it doesn't sound so like tin can, I guess,
because it's compressed and it's really different.
So you should really check that out.
And SSJ100Matt's given you a convenient link in the chat
there for those that are listening live.
For those that are on the podcast,
I would just encourage you to go to YouTube
and look for, you know, Super Mario Brothers Uncompressed
or look for it on Google News
cause a lot of sites were covering this
cause it's very much like, wow,
like difference with the sound.
I don't know if, yeah, it's pretty cool.
Oh yeah, ACT-F points out it's on Discord.
Thank you, you're right.
Somebody posted a tweet and it wasn't my tweet,
somebody else's tweet over in Discord.
So a good cheap plug for our Discord
if you wanna join us over at vognetwork.com,
vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Dr. Tsuya is saying I saw something similar
for the Donkey Kong Country OST.
I think I remember seeing that too.
That was pretty wild.
All right, before we get to last minute stories
or any further questions, let's get to the mailbag.
We have a couple of emails tonight.
So let's start with another quick one.
I think this is from the same one
who sent the quick email last week,
but this time it's signed so I can give credit.
So here's our first email for tonight.
If you wanna email us,
participate at orangelaungeradio.com
is the place to send it.
So the email tonight goes,
what is the most boring video game you have ever played?
And it's signed D from Waterloo, Iowa.
I'm laughing cause I can't help but think of the ABBA song.
I'm sure you're, if you really are from Waterloo, Iowa,
you're probably sick as hell of that joke,
but I can't help it, it's a good song, it's a bop.
All right, back to the question though.
What is the most boring video game you've ever played?
I don't even know.
I'm trying to think of something that's incredibly boring.
I get very bored with tactical games.
So I'm not gonna make a lot of friends with this answer,
but I'm gonna say Disgaea.
Sorry.
I just cannot get into those tactical games,
try as I might, except for some reason,
Final Fantasy Tactics, exception to the rule.
I can play that and I love that game.
Maybe it's just because I've always been kind of a,
you know, Final Fantasy fan boy,
and I'm willing to admit that.
So maybe I kind of cut that game a break
where I didn't a lot of other games,
but I just, I could not get into like
the really hardcore tactical stuff like Disgaea,
or even when it comes to like Advance Wars,
I can't get into that either.
And so I just, I don't get very excited playing those games
and they don't hold my attention very long.
I know that answer is not gonna be popular.
I'm not saying they're bad games.
I'm just saying they're not for me.
So Bobby Black Wolf in chat says desert bus.
DJ Rama S says-
I mean, that's the obvious one.
DJ Rama S says Final Fantasy VIII game was trash.
TigerClownChat says a game can get boring
when the action becomes repetitive.
That's true too.
What do you think, Loki?
Did you think of anything?
No, I mean, typically I'm not playing boring games.
Why would I subject myself through all that?
Yeah.
I know there's been things I've subjected myself to.
Usually it's when it becomes like a grind
that it gets kind of boring.
I guess like, I don't know if I'm like
trying to like a hundred percent something,
I would think that sometimes it might be boring,
but like typically I just don't spend time
playing boring games.
I don't have enough time as it is.
I'm not going to just spend time
playing all these boring games.
Harry Potter, the Harry Potter game on mobile,
the Niantic game, that's pretty boring.
TigerClownChat says the type of games
where you only do a single thing the entire game
can get boring when there isn't variety.
You know, TigerClown, I see that,
and I know there are games that exhibit that,
but I also think that there have been some incredible games
that are simple.
I think of a game like Kaboom, there's not a lot to it.
You catch bombs in the little water wells, that's it.
You spend a little, but something about,
in like a lot of those older games on the Atari 2600
had incredibly simple themes and could be repetitive,
but if it was the right mix,
then it actually was a lot of fun.
But I will say, and to your credit, TigerClaw,
there were a lot of Atari 2600 games
that were also very boring and got old very fast
for a very similar reason.
In fact, here's another, you know what,
is another great answer to this question, in my opinion,
if you wanna go back to Atari 2600,
and again, you're not gonna like it
because a lot of people put this game up on a pedestal,
and I'm not sure why, Sword Quest.
You remember those games, Sword Quest Fire,
Sword Quest Earth, Sword Quest,
I think they only ever really finished two of them.
I'm sorry, they're not, like,
they're not that great of games
because they just try to kinda do a lot,
and it's excruciatingly hard,
and if you don't have the manual,
you don't know what the hell you're doing,
I get that some people ate that shit up
when they were a kid, and the whole contest around it,
and they wanna see that fourth game released,
I'm sorry, that is a 2600 game I couldn't get into,
and I find it to be, quite frankly, a little bit boring.
Pod Culture in Chat says, ET, that could be two, yeah.
As Joan Hunter-Matt says,
Dynasty Warriors has made a genre out of endlessly hacking
and slashing a large group of enemies.
See the Zelda, Gundam, and so forth.
You know what, though?
But I think that Zelda, the Zelda version,
the Hyrule Warriors was a lot of fun.
So, you know, I can, I get that.
You know, 99 Nights, eh, it got a little boring,
but, you know, I love the Hyrule Warriors, at least,
so is that, so.
Anyway, something to think about,
and again, I also bring up the whole, like,
you know, simple, repetitive thing,
because as I was saying at the top of the show,
this whole Pixel Poops thing, you know,
as much as you might giggle and laugh
at the name and the silly concept,
it's actually, like, the simplicity of it is a lot of fun,
and it is a great Atari 2600-esque kind of game.
I haven't played Loki's interpretation of it enough yet,
but I'm imagining it's gonna be
a very similar type of thing.
Yours is probably gonna be more of, like,
a puzzle type of thing, it really sounds like.
Is that you have to get the poop in the right place.
Well, not necessarily.
I mean, it's just a puzzle.
It's not, I hardly call it a puzzle game.
I mean, it's like an old arcade game.
I mean, that's kind of what it's based on.
So, like, you know, you just have a simple goal,
and you just have to, you have to strategize a little bit,
because you don't wanna be,
because of some of the level design,
you have to think about where stuff's going,
and, you know, try not to get too far away,
and manage how much, you know, food you have,
and all that stuff.
There's a little bit of thought into it,
but I don't know, stop solving puzzles.
I've mentioned this on a show before,
in Aaron's Atari-inspired Pixel Poops,
there's, like, a few things,
there's a few twists that you might not expect.
Like, when the score reaches a certain limit,
some other stuff starts happening,
and that's very Atari 2600-esque,
that, like, it just instinctively gets harder
at a certain point.
And I discovered in the game last night, you guys,
I didn't know this before.
You ready for a Pixel Poops hot tip, okay?
You ready for this?
I did not realize until last night,
if you walk through the door,
it automatically ports you to that little white line
where you refill the tacos.
I didn't know that until last night,
and maybe I'm not supposed to be saying that,
but that's my hot tip, my YouTube tip.
Number two will shock you.
That is, literally, that is my little tip
I learned about the game, and I didn't realize that.
And just being able to save, like, five squares of movement
by doing that, let me tell you, game changer.
All right.
Anyhow, YYR's in chat, by the way.
I think he missed the plugs in the beginning of the show,
but he's here now, and he says,
I can vouch for Pixel Poops number two.
It's definitely a different, deeper,
and more challenging game than the original.
If you buy it, you will find it to be worth your money.
So he's saying it's some deep shit.
All right.
All right, enough plugs, enough plugs.
Let's get into one more email here.
Thank you, Dee, for the email.
Next email, Fabrice from Belgium.
We haven't heard from this individual in a very long time.
Good to hear you from you again, my friend.
Hello, everyone.
It's been a while since I wrote in,
but I'm still loyally listening since 2006.
Wow, that means, that's 15 years.
Thank you so much for that.
I was wondering what you think Sega's place
in video game history is and will be.
Sega made four main consoles,
and they are now longer out of hardware
than they were in it.
Ah, interesting point.
So yes, the Dreamcast was discontinued 20 years ago.
Also, Sony made five main consoles.
Microsoft now has four too.
Although I still think Sega remains legendary,
but that's me since I'm a fan boy.
The truth is that for a lot of people,
the PlayStation 2 or the Xbox 360 was their first console.
For them, Sega is just another game company.
It feels like the vibe I have about Atari.
They were an important video game company,
but to me, they don't mean a lot.
Well, as always, thank you for making the show.
You make the mess we are in now a lot more bearable.
Thank you so much for that.
Yours truly, Fabrice from Belgium.
Thank you for that kindhearted sentiment at the end there.
Let's tackle the question.
What do you think Sega's place in gaming history will be?
Loki, you want to take this on, or I have an idea?
I mean, Sonic, I don't know.
They have a solid library of stuff
that they'll be known for.
And they're still kind of like, even their philosophy
as far as how they treat fan games, I think,
is something that I wish would be adopted
by some other companies, like Nintendo.
So I don't know.
I think there's still just plenty to remember them by.
Yeah.
Some comments in chat.
Quest Buster says, Sega's iconic and one of the greats.
Whatever happens to it now can't take away
its impact on game history.
I think to find the answer to your question, Fabrice,
I think we would have to do something
that we do a lot in gaming, and that
is look at the parallels in other entertainment venues,
namely movies.
Let's look at the movie industry.
And there are a lot of movies that came out a long time ago
from studios and companies that are no longer around.
And kind of like you say in the email
when you talk about Atari and so forth,
there are some movies that people today don't necessarily
care about, right?
And I mean older movies, like an old musical.
Say The Wizard of Oz.
There are some people that will tell you,
I love The Wizard of Oz.
I love this movie so much because I
used to watch it when I was a kid,
and it was on TV at Thanksgiving.
And my family would get together,
and we'd love The Wizard of Oz, or replace that
with The Sound of Music.
That's my favorite musical of all time,
even though these things were out a generation ago, right?
So there's some people that look back on it
and remember it very fondly, but there's
other people that go, those movies are so hard to watch.
They just they look so bad.
They're grainy.
They're musicals.
All the movies, they're older musicals,
and I don't like musicals, and so on and so on.
Or you take another movie from the past
that maybe just doesn't hold up well over time,
where it's really hard to look at it through a 2021 lens
because culture has shifted so much.
So my point is, I think Sega has a place in that part of history
where it's like they are what a classic movie studio was,
what maybe like an MGM or something was back in the day.
That's where Sega holds up.
And there's going to be some people till the end of time
that are like, I love Sonic.
I played Sonic the Hedgehog growing up,
or my dad made me play Sonic because he played it growing up
and this was a thing.
And I think it'll be a thing that gets brought out
once in a while.
Like, oh, remember this old game that we grew up with?
It's funny.
Actually, I talked about the classic gaming store visit
earlier today, right?
When I was there, it was just me in there
and a couple of the employees.
And at some point, a family came in, and they were looking at,
they have Nintendo old 8-bit cartridges
that are in the glass case.
And there was a kid, like six or seven years old,
that was very fascinated with the cartridges.
They were something he'd seen in a textbook somewhere
or in a movie he was fascinated with.
He's like, wow, look at all these old games.
Look at all these games.
He's very fascinated.
And the dad was there, and the mom was there too,
although it was kind of a family of four.
And the mom kind of went off to another part
of the store with a girl.
So it was just the dad and the little boy.
And the dad was saying, yeah, these
are the games that I grew up on.
Can you guess which one I like to play a lot?
And I remember the girl saying something about Donkey Kong
or something.
So they were kind of having a discussion like that.
So I mean, that's, again, even though they
don't make Nintendo games and NES cartridges anymore,
and I wasn't nosy enough to hear whatever the game really
was that he played a lot of, it's
probably by a company that doesn't really
exist in the same way anymore.
For all I know, that man said the correct answer, which
would be The Guardian legend.
Just kidding.
It wasn't in the case.
I looked.
And that's from a company that no longer exists,
but it doesn't negate that they made a great piece of art that
still holds up.
So let me get some more comments from chat.
SSG100Matt says, also, Sega has the most brilliant ad
campaign in gaming history.
They spent a lot of money and geared the genesis
to teens, which went against Nintendo's family model.
As SSG100Matt continues, I think Sega
opened the door for a company that
can take on the big names like Nintendo, Atari, et cetera,
in their own game.
They went the distance, and we enjoyed the ride.
Tigerclaw on chat was talking about my parallels there,
saying, as much as I like the old movies from my childhood,
I don't really go back to watching them again,
because I've already seen them.
When I see a movie, it's about the first time
I've seen something new.
It's hard to go back and watch them again,
knowing how they begin and end.
See, that is so not like me, Tigerclaw.
You guys know I've seen The Rocky Horror Picture
Show probably 500 times, easily, easily, in a theater,
nonetheless.
Not even that.
A movie like Clue, easily 100 times.
Showgirls, easily 50 times.
Those are cult movies, of course,
that are kind of meant to be watched or rewatched.
But even sometimes there's like comfort food for movies.
I was just browsing around Peacock on the Xbox.
I was like, oh, what'd they put on the service?
And I was like, Mama Mia.
And I watched Mama Mia start to finish on Peacock.
I didn't even need to watch that.
I have the fucking Blu-ray somewhere,
but I was just feeling lazy.
It's literally right in front of me.
Push A to play, okay.
Maybe it's in 4K, I don't know.
And they even fucking put commercials in it,
but I was like, whatever.
It's kind of like watching a TV.
I wasn't like actively watching it.
I was kind of playing around on my phone,
kind of like it's on in the background.
But that movie, as cheesy as it,
I admit is a cheesy, ridiculous movie,
but it is so comfort food for me because I love the music.
I love ABBA, you know, whatever.
It's just, it's a group I grew up with for a long time.
So that movie's comfort food for me.
And I think, again,
that's what Sega games are gonna be for a lot of people.
Quest Buster in chat says,
and thank you Sega for bringing Valkyria Chronicles 4 over
for taking risks like that for the fans.
Pod Culture says,
I've probably seen Serenity about 20 times in the theater.
DJ Rama S says,
I feel the same way when I watch anime on Funimation,
Hulu, and Crunchyroll.
Yeah, I have the DVD or Blu-ray,
but dammit it's right there
and I'm gonna watch and enjoy it.
Thank you.
You understand what I mean.
And someday,
someday those Sega games are just gonna be in the cloud.
In fact, many of them already are.
Push A to start, you know,
and that's the way it's gonna be.
So that's my long-winded answer to your question, Fabrice.
I think Sega, there's always gonna be a place for Sega.
Sega will always have a corner
in any video game history museum.
But as far as do people hold it fondly or what,
that's just gonna depend on their culture.
And I'm not talking about like where somebody is,
I'm talking about what they're surrounded with,
their family's influence,
their friends' influence and all of that.
That's what's gonna really play into
what somebody kind of thinks of Sega.
And like you said,
you don't really think a lot about Atari.
Realize there's gonna be some people,
especially now that Sega has been out of the business
20 years, that means somebody could have been born
after Sega was out of the business and is now an adult.
So you're gonna have to get used to the idea
that there's gonna be some,
I can't even say kids, adults, young adults now
who are gonna be like,
oh, I never really played a Sega game
cause they weren't really around.
Or, oh yeah, Sonic.
Yeah, I remember the Wii game that had him in it.
You know?
So it's just gonna be a little different.
So, all right.
Anyway, great question.
You mean that character from Smash Brothers?
Yeah, right?
Yeah, so.
Participate at orangesloungetrady.com
if you wanna send us an email.
Actually, one more thought, I'm sorry.
Fabrice, one more thought.
If you want more people to,
you have to educate the future.
You have to educate the children about Sega
and why you love them so much.
So, especially in your own family
and the people around you.
Even if you don't have kids of your own,
you probably know somebody with kids
and you can sure bring over that, you know,
Sega Dreamcast.
So, anyway, that's my thought.
All right.
That's it for emails.
If you wanna send us an email in a future week,
participate at orangesloungetrady.com.
YYR in chat says, oof, that character from Smash Brothers,
that just makes me sad.
But you know what?
As much as it might make you sad,
somebody is gonna go, what game is this character from?
I don't, he looks familiar.
What is this?
And might actually do some research.
There's gonna be some people that discover the game
because of Smash Brothers.
But I get it, it makes you feel old.
Believe me, I hear it.
All right.
Loki, any last minute stories for our audience tonight?
While I ask Chad if they have any other comments
or questions.
Yeah, so there was some leaks coming out
about the Sonic 30th anniversary.
So this is coming from a apparently credible leaker,
a Nintendo leaker, Zippo.
And so it's talking about, aside from, you know,
the voice cast has left Sonic,
so the voice of Sonic, Roger Craig Smith,
Sidney Robinson, the voice of Amy,
and Colleen, oh, I can't even pronounce her last name,
voice of Tails, all have departed.
And they're saying that the rest of the current voice cast
will be following them as well and leaving.
Apparently the Warren Graff and Ken Pontic
are no longer writing for the game.
And they're saying that the 30th anniversary
will be described as a new era for Sonic,
that the modern Sonic will focus on the franchise
going forward, both in 2D and 3D games.
Apparently Mania was a one-off,
and fans of the classic era should look to fan games
for further installments.
Wow.
The next 3D game apparently will be, you know,
full 3D games, you know, 3D spin dashing.
There's gonna be, you know, multiple playable characters.
Supposed to be out by holiday,
assuming it doesn't get delayed.
And with characters appearing,
more guest appearances in other games.
And then-
I hate to say it,
but this sounds like a recipe for disaster.
I mean, prove me wrong, prove me wrong.
But this whole, like,
if you wanna remember the classic Sonic games,
go play fan games.
I mean, it's great that Sega embraces that, I'm happy.
But at the same time, it's like, remember Sonic 4?
Ooh.
Yeah.
Apparently though,
they're also supposed to be working on a 2D game as well.
Someone's working on one of those.
So there's a new Sonic collection.
Remember, they'll be coming out in June.
It's gonna feature, you know, majority of the classic games.
Yeah, so I guess we'll have to wait and see
when any of this stuff gets announced.
All right.
That's pretty much it.
That's it.
All right.
Well, I guess we're gonna wrap up then.
I know it's only just after eight,
but we don't have Jamie here tonight to get opinions from.
So, but she'll be back next week.
Assumable.
Oh, I was gonna say,
I don't know if we didn't talk about it,
but they're so, they have had the like a preview of,
or I don't know if it's, it's sort of open,
but the new Super Nintendo World,
they've have video now of all the rides.
Yeah.
Come out and stuff like that.
What have your thoughts been on that?
Like is Mario Kart rides kind of a little,
not what I was hoping it would be.
It looks fun.
It looks kind of like a midway mania or something like that,
but more AR, which is cool.
But normally when I think of Mario Kart,
I think of much faster than that.
And that's not a very fast ride.
The videos never are as good of an experience
as the real thing.
And I wanna see what it looks like out after the pandemic
and what it looks like in America.
Not that those things are necessarily gonna suddenly
make that ride any different,
but they may be holding back on some effects
and some things because they don't want the air
to circulate a certain way or what have you.
And in Japan, the size of things tends to be
a little bit smaller
because they don't have as much space to work with.
That's what happened with DisneySea, I think,
is actually a relatively small Disney property
because they didn't have a lot of space to build with.
So I'm just a little curious to see what it looks like.
But I mean, again, I could watch those videos and go,
I didn't really care for that.
And I kind of don't know, but I was like,
I just wanna see it in person.
I just feel like I'm gonna give it,
like I could sit here and go, it didn't look fun at all.
Like hell, I'm not gonna be going there
in the first couple months after it opens
to take it all in for myself
and get a thousand billion selfies for Instagram
with everything that's there.
So like, you know, the videos, they're interesting,
but let's see what it looks like
when the world's back to normal a little bit
and what it looks like here in the States.
That's my thought.
Orange right in chat says,
yeah, I was thinking it would be a lot faster,
but it looks like it's pretty slow.
Pixelpaca says, even if Disney C is small,
it's utterly gorgeous.
Oh yeah, but Disney and all these companies,
they are very good at playing optical illusions.
Very good with making your eyes believe certain things
that may or may not be true.
And I'll kind of leave it at that.
But that's part of the Disney magic.
That's what makes a company like Disney
and Universal is very good at theme park stuff too.
That's what makes these companies do well
in the theme park business is that,
you know, they know what the F they're doing.
That's for sure.
So anything else, Logie?
No, that's it.
All right.
Well, let's get final thoughts then before we wrap it up,
I do want to say thank you guys so much
for listening to Orange Launch Radio this week.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio,
please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice,
but if the voices aren't here to put out on air,
then what can we do?
So please tell a friend a nice five star review
on a site like iTunes
or wherever you found this podcast goes a long way.
Auto hosts, a VOG network on Twitch
are one of the best things you can do.
So thank you, thank you to those of you that do that.
Unfortunately, I don't have a list in front of me,
but just know if you're doing that, I really appreciate it.
So those go a long way as well.
Thank you for being here tonight.
I know there's a lot of, you know,
big stuff going on in the world.
So just appreciate you spending a little extra time
with us tonight.
Even if you're on the podcast feed,
hey, I appreciate you taking the time out
to listen to the podcast like Fabrice has since 2006.
Really appreciate that.
And everybody out there listening, thank you so much.
If you want to support us a little extra,
you can always check out our store, vognetwork.com slash shop
that's vognetwork.com slash shop
where you can get yourself an OLR t-shirt
or some VOG network branded merchandise, check it out.
There's some cute little things on there.
Check that out.
So I think that's it.
Now we can get everybody's final thoughts
and then we'll be out of here.
So Loki, I'll start with you.
You got a big week ahead of you.
Yeah, just rushing, rushing, rushing,
trying to get stuff done, so yeah.
And my final thought is I have some more project ideas
of my own stewing, but I just have to, you know,
be able to stick with something.
And it's been a little crazy in these pandemic times,
but I'm hoping there'll be more creative stuff real soon.
So anyway, we will see you in seven days.
Happy gaming, have a wonderful night everybody
and stay safe out there.
We'll see you next week.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights
at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
