Tonight, June 5th, 2011, the E3 rumors start to roll in a day before the first press conference, the track listing for the Play for Japan benefit album is unveiled, and soon you can raise pets in The Sims 3.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to talk about video games over the next three hours or so, and you can join us if you're listening to us live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf Show.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you with my co-host.
Say hello to the one, the only, the lovely Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm recovering from my party it's your party and you'll cry if you want to
I cried when everyone left.
I was like, they're gone.
Now it wasn't your birthday.
It wasn't a birthday party.
So what was the party?
It was for me getting two associate's degrees after 15 years of going to college.
You are a professional student.
I've changed my major so many times is the problem.
So I got my art and media, which is basically graphic design.
I have liberal arts.
And then next spring I'll have social sciences.
You just like to learn.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
All right.
The voice over there, of course, the one and the only Tech Master, Loki.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
All right.
By the way, we were off last week, so it's a little interesting to be back here after two weeks.
But I hope you all had a good Memorial Day weekend.
I don't know what you guys did.
I went to Disneyland.
It was fun.
But what else is new here at Orange Lounge Radio?
Guess what?
I don't ever travel anywhere else.
What?
We're going again.
I know, and I'm going again this weekend.
I'll get into more of that later on because it's kind of sick.
Well, Loki, what have you been up to?
What did you do with your days off?
I don't remember.
Probably not sleeping.
It's that time, huh?
We mean it's that time.
It's been that time for 10 months.
I thought he was sleeping through the night.
Now he's not anymore?
Well, he sleeps through the night, but he also wakes up about eight times during the night.
I see.
I see.
Alright, well, of course, if you are new to Orange Lawns Radio, Loki and the Mrs. gave birth to Josh, what, about nine months ago?
Ten months ago.
He didn't give birth to him.
Well, you know what I mean.
He was there when it happened.
But he did not go through labor.
He made a very important contribution to the whole process.
Yeah, but the woman does all the work.
Here we go.
Okay.
You and your women's lib.
No.
Stop burning your bra here on this show.
I'm not even wearing one.
Ah, bleh.
All right.
Moving on.
I'm in my pajamas for tonight's show.
The chatters in chat.orangelaunchradio.com are like, oh yeah, prove it.
All right, anyhow.
Here I will.
Here comes Dan, who's on mic.
Shut up!
What did he say?
I didn't even catch it.
I didn't hear what he said either.
Something blah blah irrational psycho.
That's all I picked up.
He just needs to shut up forever.
That was enough for me.
Okay.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
because we're doing shows Tuesday and Wednesday this next week.
They are live E3 specials, different place.
They're not going to be at allgames.com because there's other stuff going on.
And we also wanted to help you guys learn about our brand new Ustream channel is now up and running.
Our username there is Orange Lounge.
More information will be available at orangelounge.com later this week.
And best of all, our good buddy, Bobby Blackwolf.
who does the show before us here at All Games Radio will be joining us over the Tuesday and Wednesday nights to be talking about what he's observing at the show floor what's going on behind the scenes at the press conferences what Sony is filling five and a half hours with pray tell tomorrow night
and then Miklatov is also going to be joining us.
They're both going to Nintendo's press thing and will get to fill us in on what it was like to play whatever Nintendo's calling their new system without a three and a half hour wait or whatever long that line is going to be at E3 which I am looking forward to not standing in.
It's very strange because it's not like I haven't been to E3 before.
I didn't go during the airport years but
But it's going to be interesting doing coverage from this end of things.
But I'm happy that we'll be able to produce something a lot more slick, where we'll be able to take your calls, have the live chat room, which will still be in the same place, chat.orangelandre.com, and let you guys interact with the E3 coverage.
And of course, give your feedback, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, and we'll be voices here in the studio, voices on the E3 show floor, and your voices out there all over the internet.
Oh man, I've got to wait until Tuesday.
For Nintendo, yeah.
Just so you guys know how it's all going down, tomorrow there is no Expo.
The Expo floor is not open, but the E3 show kind of starts because that's when the press conferences start.
Microsoft kicks it off in the morning, then Sony's going to be in the evening, scrunched in there, Ubisoft and EA.
Konami already happened, which we'll be getting to a little later, so we'll talk about what they talked about.
They're not doing their own conference.
Also, I noticed left out Activision, unless I just completely overlooked it, which is possible.
I'm sure somebody in the chat room will jump in with that if I miss it.
They also tend to usually have a lot of announcements, like Call of Duty will usually be shown at Sony or Microsoft's conference.
It's like, whoa, I've never seen that before on these consoles.
My thought, too, is that Activision kind of really blew their load last year with that whole Eminem, Rihanna, all those celebs they paraded out on stage for DJ Hero 2, which then, well, you know, it didn't end up doing so hot.
Although it was a fine game.
I enjoyed DJ Hero 2.
Yeah, I was asking because my boss is going.
Actually, my boss and our vice president of sales, the guy doesn't know anything about gaming, so he's going to E3.
Awesome.
Anyway, so they're going, so you guys going to any of the parties or anything while you're there?
It's like, no, it's not anything like when they had the DJ Hero 2 thing where they had people DJing and Eminem and stuff like that.
They're having, I don't remember which publisher it is, but someone's having a bowling night.
Nice, nice.
Black Wolf, our good pal, is in our chat room saying Activision has a booth, but they don't have a concert.
So it is, yeah, whatever their big announcement is might be at one of the other press conferences.
I think you're right on with that.
They don't have really any big announcements.
The Bungie thing, right?
That's got to be this year.
They've got to give us more details on the Bungie thing.
All they've got coming out... They've announced everything up through the third quarter as of last week.
So they haven't announced their fourth quarter stuff other than Call of Duty.
But there's not a lot that they can really cram in there.
Usually there's a Guitar Hero game around that time.
But they've got the X-Men game, they've got the new Spider-Man game...
They have a crappy Spyro game that has some stupid little toy thing that you gotta scan your toy in order to play the character in the game.
And then of course they've also got...
I think they might be blowing a big announcement about Diablo before a BlizzCon.
Blizzard's all their own thing.
They're not going to announce any of that.
Activision has been the one calling the shots for a little while, which is why some of us WoW advocates think the game's gone.
Little bit south the past couple of years.
They may announce a console port because there's already rumors that they hired people to port over the PlayStation 3.
I actually think that's exactly what the announcement is going to be, but we'll get into that later when we get into E3 predictions a little later on.
Woohoo!
Okay.
I'm going to try, actually, we're going to go... I'm...
This is definitely live radio here.
We actually have a man on the ground already in L.A.
who's also going to be joining us on the Tuesday-Wednesday shows.
We're actually going to give him a call right now, live, unscripted.
He's actually at some type of event already, and I want to get more details on that.
I know he's already been by the convention center.
So we're going to give our old buddy Miklatov a call and see what's up in L.A.
right now.
This may be botched a little bit.
He's at some event, and I'll get some more details on what's going on.
It could be very noisy.
So, one ringy dingy, two ringy dingys.
Hello?
Hey, Miklatov!
Hey, what's up?
Hey, not much.
It's Rob, of course, Orange Launch Radio.
You know that because I've been text messaging you.
What's up?
Where are you at?
You're at an event.
I know.
It's supposed to be crazy.
The E3 parties have already started.
What's going on?
Yeah, this is the... What is this I'm at?
Where am I at right now?
Lucky Strike.
It's for Major Nelson's Twitter.
Mm-hmm.
and it's a huge meetup where they're giving away food and drinks and free bowling and most importantly passes to the presser event tomorrow
No, that's not it.
Someone else is actually doing the bowling alley.
Here at the bowling alley, it's just some colored balloons.
But I actually went into the E3 Expo Hall.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Breaking, put that on Twitter, everybody.
Breaking, Microsoft unveils colored balloons at E3.
It's a brand new thing for the Kinect.
Oh my god, this is almost as good as the spacesuits last year.
What was that last year?
They are green and white, and I guess that's purple for Kinect.
Breaking, Breaking, Orange Lounge Radio exclusive.
This is an exclusive report.
I don't know what you're saying, but they're about to get more tickets away, so I'm going to hang up on you.
Goodbye.
Yep, that's exactly what it's going to sound like Tuesday and Wednesday as well, is that we'll get the nice professional radio call from Bobby Blackwolf, and then when he decides he's got to hang up to go to a swanky party, then Miklatov's going to call us.
Yeah, I don't know what really happened today, but I saw some balloons.
Space Ponchos Space Ponchos
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
There was a crapload of rock band last night.
We had Rock Band 3 and Beatles Rock Band going on last night.
And I sang a lot and my throat hurts.
I haven't lost my voice.
What did you sing?
What are your specialties?
Well, I don't have the song that apparently everyone says I'm really good at.
So I was singing My Chemical Romance and...
What else did I do?
Nine in the Afternoon, Panic at the Disco, which is one of my favorite songs.
I think I did some Kansas.
Any chance we could get you to hum a few bars?
No.
I sang just about everything that we did in Beatles Rock Band, except for three that Junami sang.
He was at the party, too.
There's a blast from the past.
Intern Drew, good job.
And I also played WoW, which I did today, and yelled at the ship for not arriving on time, or at least on time in my universe.
Sorry, I have to share this.
Mikulatov just texted me.
He's like, you can call me back.
It was too loud to hear the numbers.
I'm like, I will call when you have something news besides colored balloons.
Don't judge.
They're green and white.
No shit.
It's Xbox.
And Dan's been playing L.A.
Noire.
And I've beat Portal 2 now for like the ninth time.
And I'm on my tenth playthrough.
On single player mode.
And I find something new every time.
It's fun.
But I finally got the Smash TV achievement, Rob.
That was hard.
Well, all the other ones are easy except for the last one you have to get, which is the room where... It's like you go in and there's a glass to your right and then there's three turrets.
And the button you need to press is in front of the turrets on the other side of the glass.
So you have to go across and send the little...
And then that's how you get the last one.
DarkSakura.com
All right, anything else for your gaming week?
We had pie.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Orange sickle cupcakes.
My gaming week was all right.
I didn't play a whole lot.
I played Portal through a little bit again, cheating all the way this time, which is fun.
Just mainly just the kill time.
I didn't really want to play anything else.
Played more Grand Theft Auto, as usual, and...
Let's see.
Also, a tiny little bit of L.A.
Noire.
Didn't really get a whole lot of time to play it, but I made it through the first kind of case that you have there.
It's interesting.
I mean, the game's really detailed, but I don't know.
I'd probably get into it.
I just have to have some time to play it.
That's pretty much it.
Wow.
Sounds like you had a pretty quick week for games.
Yeah, well, I'm still working on Grand Theft Auto mods and a whole bunch of other garbage.
Anything that you're kind of looking forward to with the next week?
Any demos that might hit the store that you're like, ooh, I gotta play that?
No, oh, by the way, my dev console got banned from PartnerNet, which is kind of disappointing.
Really?
How did that happen?
How'd you get caught?
No, I think it's just they eventually banned all of them, you know, after a while.
But it doesn't matter.
There wasn't really anything on PartnerNet that I wanted to play.
It was all Xbox Live Arcade games.
There's no, like, you know, betas for, you know...
JTagConsole
You're getting better about hiding that stuff.
Eh, whatever.
I don't really even care.
Well, if there's anything like last year, like almost all the trailers that will be at the press conference tomorrow, you will see then show up on Xbox to download.
So, you know, see it in glorious HD.
I'm not even worried about playing demos for stuff.
There are some games that look really awesome.
Saints Row 3 I was pretty excited for from the get-go because I love Saints Row.
It kept the fun aspect and the really over-the-top part of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, and they just keep building upon it.
The first game was sort of a Grand Theft Auto rip-off, but it's really become kind of its own thing.
And I love just the whole game.
It's just really fun.
And the new one that they have coming out this fall just looks amazing.
Really, I can't wait to play it.
Even if they do announce a new Grand Theft Auto game, I love both games.
Both series I think can coexist because...
they're just kind of different I am very disappointed though that the third doesn't have online multiplayer as far as like death matches and stuff goes because I mean I don't know the first first game was kind of it wasn't very good as far as what they had online and the second game they tried to mix it up a little bit but it was really wacky the way they had everything they really should just stuck with you know kind of doing a Grand Theft Auto style where it's okay here's a portion of the map and you play in and go you know something simple like that
but they tried to do some funky stuff with it and it was alright but the maps they had were really kind of limited and the fun was kind of limited too but at least they have online co-op for two players this time
Let me go to our chatroom at chat.orangelondradio.com and I think Breakman's pretty much echoing something you just said here.
Saints Row 3 doesn't have any multiplayer versus though.
Frown?
Yeah, just two-player online co-op like the second game.
Which is fun, you know, because I have Grand Theft Auto, so... Co-op can be fun.
Yeah, co-op is fun.
And it was actually a lot of fun playing System Link co-op with the second Saints Row game, so I'm looking forward to this new one for sure.
And I mean, you know,
and right now I'm still playing lots of Grand Theft Auto but that's going to interrupt or something's going to interrupt that though come July.
July.
July 5th to be exact is when we get the new Earth Defense Force game.
That's going to be awesome.
Counting down the days.
Oh yeah.
DUNGEON SIEGE 3 DUNGEON SIEGE 3
And I thought the first two games, you know, they made their point.
They had their relevance.
Of course, they were PC-only titles.
But now Square Enix is behind the publishing of this third game that's happening now on the consoles and, I believe, PCs later on.
So the demo's available on Xbox Live.
It's all the same time.
Huh?
It's all the same time.
Yeah, all the same time.
So the demo's now available on Xbox Live, and it's very Diablo-esque.
If you've never played Dungeons & Dragons, it's very Diablo.
It was kind of Microsoft's answer to Diablo in some ways.
And so the game's very Diablo-esque.
And it was okay.
I had a good time playing it, but I thought, especially following up a game like Torchlight, it was nice to see the more robust graphics and that Square Enix Cinema presentation style.
Was it something I'm excited to spend $60 on?
No, not based off the demo, but will I rent it or get it in a bargain bin?
Sure, absolutely.
It's a very challenging position we're in right now in the gaming industry.
It's going to be interesting to see what develops with this E3.
Some games you are expected to pay $60 for.
Some games, like Angry Birds, you're expected to pay $1 for or even get free.
It's really about trying to find that happy price point.
We're talking about a new Nintendo console coming out at E3.
What are the games going to cost?
Is Nintendo now going to up the bar to $60?
Although some would argue they have been already.
Oh yeah, I don't doubt.
But are the games going to be worth it?
I mean, there's a certain point where the consumer goes, hmm, do I really buy this at $60 or do I just wait until it comes down in price?
I don't know.
It's a tricky... NGP games are $50.
Wow.
Really?
But PSP games were $50.
Well, not a lot of PSP games were $50, but there were a few.
The big ones.
But like $40 is kind of the price point for the PSP.
But they did have $50 games.
So that's all I really want to say about the demo.
It was cool.
Fable 3 I got to play, which this game's what, like a year and a half old?
So I bet a lot of you that were interested in this have probably already played it, but I was a little late to the party.
I played the game.
It's neat.
There's a lot of concepts in Fable I really like.
But I sometimes wonder if this game tries to do too much.
And at its core, it's really repetitive.
And it's like a Facebook game.
Repetitive.
Like...
I like the fact that you do these quests to enhance relationship with villagers and I like this whole way that the villager enhancement thing is built in but when you're doing the same fetch quest or the same delivery quest multiple times you're like okay so what am I doing here?
I felt like it's just very very repetitive I cannot trust anything Peter Molyneux says anymore I mean seriously all of his innovative stuff is such bullshit because it's just like
I added a dog to my game.
No other game has had dogs in it before.
This dog you'll love.
No, I didn't give a shit about the dog.
Yeah, the dog was cool, but you know what?
The dog was as cool as any other dog in any other game.
The dog was actually kind of stupid sometimes.
The biggest crime for me that Fable 3 made, I don't feel it took the series forward.
I feel it took it back.
I think Fable 2 was a much better game.
And I think it had that whole good and evil thing developed.
And like Fable 3, I don't even notice it.
It really doesn't even seem like that exists in it.
It's more about this whole path to being a king.
It's more politics.
Which is a very repetitive...
I was really into it for about an hour and a half and then I got bored of it.
I got really bored of it and I was like, you know what, I'm done.
I don't really want to play anymore Fable 3.
I feel bad saying it because there's a lot that I like about the Fable series and I really liked Fable 2.
I think Fable 3 was rushed, to be honest.
I think they needed to wait another year to put this game out.
I'm giving it back.
I hope it's interesting.
No.
Anyhow.
Katsune in our chatroom says I got really bored with it quickly as well yeah I mean it's just and and the whole I know y'all love this term microtransactions for like outfits and weapons and stuff no that was an obvious bad that was just microtransactions gone bad I would I would never drop a penny on any of it period
Sorry.
The other game I played this week, I got to watch Alan play the Duke Nukem Forever demo, which hit Steam over the weekend.
And I have to admit, I like its very tongue-in-cheek.
It does not make any pauses about where exactly this game comes from.
Have you seen, Loki, the opening sequence to Duke Nukem Forever in the demo?
Yes.
and I love that it starts in the whole football scene which is very reminiscent of the end of the last game which was in the football stadium but then it and this is a little bit spoilery but deal with it it's the first five minutes of the game it pans out of the football field or whatever and you see that Duke is actually playing the video game and it pans out so far that you see these two girls are actually giving him a blowjob while he's playing the game they are the Molson twins by the way the Molson twins yeah
and they're like, oh, was that good for you?
Or Wholesome Twins or something like that.
It's basically the Wholesome Twins.
They go something like, oh, was the game good, Duke?
And then he goes, yeah, well, after 12 fucking years, it better be.
So I like that it made no pauses about that.
But then when Alan got into the actual game, all I heard was,
This is hard.
This is bullshit.
This is hard.
This game is hard.
This is hard.
I hate this game.
This is bullshit.
So apparently it's really cheap.
Why doesn't he just play it on an easier setting?
He is playing it on like easiest.
Why doesn't he just get better at games then?
Tell him he needs to go back and play Duke Nukem 3D.
I wish I could go back and play Duke Nukem 3D.
See, that's my thing.
I can't really accurately judge Duke Nukem forever until I play multiplayer.
Because that's where everything Duke Nukem... I mean, fuck single player in that game.
Seriously.
It was not...
I mean, after level 1-1 where you teehee, you have the stripper and everything, it's forgettable.
I actually really did like the single player.
But the multiplayer is awesome.
The single player levels were pretty awesome.
I even liked the Atomic Edition with all the extra stuff that they added in there.
Like, I loved the level that was basically Disneyland, which is pretty awesome.
I loved the one that was in a supermarket.
They had one at a post office and stuff like that.
It was just, those were kind of cool to me.
I kind of feel like I should just go back and play Duke Nukem 3D.
Yeah, but see, though, we tried that, though, on Remember the 360.
We all downloaded and got all excited, and it kind of sucked.
Salacious Pop is yelling at me in the chat room.
Lies and slander.
Lies and slander.
That's what it sounded like to me.
My bad.
I'm sleeping on the couch tonight.
All right.
Is he on Skype?
I could call him to defend himself.
Do it.
Hold on.
Hold on, I'll look up his number.
Isn't that sad?
I don't even know his number because we live in such a cell phone age that I don't need it.
I'm just going to call him and see what happens.
I know my husband's number.
This is just the night of random outbound phone calls, is what it is.
Let's call my mother next.
We should have sent my mother to E3.
Wouldn't that have been fun?
Yeah.
She wouldn't be able to get in.
Pick up the phone.
He's going to be all, what's this number?
And send it to voicemail.
He's screaming no in the chat room.
He's not answering.
I went to voicemail.
All right.
Live radio.
He's like, my phone is in the other room.
Oh, he's running to find it.
I'll try one more time.
One more time.
Everybody in the chat room is yelling at him.
This is the best radio ever.
This is even funnier than Shermie saying bless you when someone says this.
Apparently he was playing it on medium and I misunderstood that.
Hello.
Okay, lies and slander.
I need to turn the radio down or else we're going to have a really bad echo.
Okay, we're fine.
Sure.
Okay, hi.
Hi, tonight's the night of random phone calls where I call people.
Chatters, you don't notice.
So then you tell me about the Duke Nukem demo since I clearly misunderstood.
Once you get to the second part of the demo where it shows you some vehicle play which is fun and then you get out of your truck and the background is brown and the enemies are brown so when they pop out I actually had a hard time
And because I was playing it on medium difficulty, by the time I could get behind cover, I was dead already.
So I switched it to easy and then learned where the spawns were and then switched back to medium and I was fine.
But yeah, I think there's some work that needs to be done on the clarity of the mobs, especially since they don't.
They all kind of jumped out from behind things from out of nowhere.
Well, the game's gone gold now, so whoops.
I don't know if they're going to fix that.
Yeah, I know, right?
It feels like Duke.
They definitely captured the humor and the attitude.
But as far as some amazing first-person shooter like Bioshock, which was a completely different experience, I don't think there's anything that remarkable about it.
it's pretty much all fan service the fact that it exists means that it's going to sell but I don't think it's all that super amazing from the demo so do you think you'll invest 50 bucks or whatever in the full version on Steam?
hell no I don't care that badly that's really kind of offensive I mean obviously it's a dude bro game with the blowjob in the opening scene does the demo have multiplayer?
I don't think so
Hmm.
That's too bad.
All right.
All right.
Well, thanks for letting me bug you.
Don't be mad.
Okay.
But I wanted you to be able to accurately represent and defend yourself.
I would never want to misstate your opinions.
Yes.
All right.
Bye.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
Who should we call next?
All right.
No, no.
We've got the rest of the show to do.
Okay.
We've got to get into news.
That's it for our Gaming Weeks.
Quick housekeeping.
Again, I just want to clarify the schedule.
There will be no OLR next Sunday.
There will be two episodes of OLR on the feed this week.
Tuesday night, Wednesday night.
Join us on our new Ustream channel, 7 o'clock Pacific, with special correspondent Bobby Blackwolf.
Here's the great news.
I don't think this really affects anyone listening to this show, but he's also going to be posting the shows on his feed, which I think is really cool.
So that way if you, I don't know why you would be listening right now and you're not subscribed to our show, but okay, let's say you're not.
You can also get them from Bobby's feed.
So they're going to be in both places.
for maximum exposure.
I'm getting tweeted pictures, by the way, right now from Miklatov, who I guess went to the convention center earlier.
And I guess, you know, a couple days before the show, you can just kind of walk right on in there and walk around.
He's not in the actual exhibition halls, but let's see, there's a giant ad for Assassin's Creed Revelations.
Giant ad for that.
A little picture of the lobby that shows nothing really notable.
Can't really see in the room there and they won't let him up the stairs, I'm sure.
and then it looks like what they're advertising on the entryway is Rage which is supposed to be that big new shooter which is going to have a whole new engine that people are going to adapt kind of like what Unreal brought to the table and there's these little gross little aliens crawling all over the entry plaza for Rage so you can expect that that game is going to have a big presence in E3
So there you go.
No OLR next Sunday because DarkSakura and I will be at Disneyland with Bobby.
Actually we won't be there Sunday but we'll be driving back.
And there will be a Dan.
There will be a Dan.
There will be a Dan.
Dan will be here for the Tuesday-Wednesday shows, too.
Yes.
Because Loki, unfortunately, will only be able to join us by phone.
I'll see what I can do.
He might try to pull some strings and join us live.
That would be amazing.
We'll see what happens.
You can call me.
I can do it over Skype or something like that.
All right.
From 8 o'clock on.
We need at least the Nintendo Press Conference feedback.
That's everybody wants out of Loki.
I agree.
Wednesday, maybe not Wednesday, but...
Tuesday would be fun because then that would be after all the press conferences.
There you go.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on with gaming news because we've got a lot to cover tonight.
It's not just E3, but of course, of course, E3 rumors are going to start it.
Come on.
It's what everybody's talking about.
Let's start us off, Loki.
Yes, and I don't know.
I don't know.
VitaPita
Yes, and so, well, here's what evidence they have for that.
One, there was a leaked or apparently leaked picture of a brochure showing the system with the PS Vita image on there.
And, you know, whereas most people might say, oh, that might be Photoshopped.
Well, there's at least some other evidence to go along with that.
Oh, there's actually a few pictures of that, so that's kind of interesting.
Also, apparently, there was a domain for developers that actually had a PS Vita for it.
It's the Sony dev site.
They had that.
And then also, apparently, there's text for the PlayStation Vita website.
Hidden away in the code for the E3 site for Sony.
I gotta say that that's probably true.
If it's hidden away in their code on their website, and it's also on their dev site, and it's also in this brochure, it's probably... Makes me feel great about the security of Sony in the future, by the way.
um I also agree it's it's probably the right name it makes sense uh it's you know they're trying to go for that catchy thing uh also just the fact that do you guys remember last E3 everything got spoiled everything no or was it two years ago
Yeah, spoiled by them.
Remember with the PSP Go?
No, not just that.
There was one year where every big announcement that they were going to make was spoiled.
And I remember he got up on stage and when he showed the trailer for Final Fantasy XIV, it must have been two years ago, he got up on stage and showed the trailer for Final Fantasy XIV and everybody thought he had fucked up and meant to say XIII too, but no, it was actually XIV.
And then he goes, hey, there's one we kept from you.
I remember that vividly in my mind.
The rest of that press conference had been spoiled.
Yeah, glad you kept that one from us.
We wish you had kept it away from us forever.
You need to keep it a little bit longer.
Some other cool information regarding the NGP, or Vita, I guess we'll call it Vita.
It's going to be fully backwards compatible with all PSP games that are on the PlayStation Network.
Obviously, it's not going to have a UMD drive.
It will also offer smoothing and dual analog support.
So, for example, you know, games like
Resistance Retribution, how they had the DualShock 3 controller support if you played that with the PSP Go or I believe through the Resistance... I forget what they called that.
Duel Shock 3 Support
Um, I'm sorry, I'm late to the party and that's fine, I'm actually waiting to hear a lot of this from Sony's mouth tomorrow, but, um, this thing doesn't have a UMD drive?
It doesn't have any?
It doesn't have any drive.
It has two physical, like, SD cards, proprietary, some sort of storage card.
Okay, okay, so there's some, I was like, they didn't learn from the go that people don't want to download anything?
No, it's like a cartridge, some sort of storage card.
but yeah the rumor was that there was no onboard storage at all for this thing you have to buy your own like memory cards or something like that but that each game would have its own you know card and there'd be space on there for download content and whatnot TigerClaw in our chatroom says they should have called it PS Vivo which is Spanish for live
Might be an okay name.
It's just going to be PSV is what's going to end up happening.
Yeah, PSV, and I think it's Vita for this is vital for you to have because it has everything.
And that's Sony's little tagline, it only does everything.
And to be fair, it was the strength of the PSP.
It did online.
It's just like they have the Vio.
Yeah, I would believe Vita.
I think it's vital.
It's vital for all gamers to have this.
I'm sticking with Verklent.
Because that's how anyone who buys one will feel.
And apparently, they've been on the record saying that they've learned from their mistakes with the PSP.
And they're going to make sure they don't make them again with the Vita.
They're basically saying, we wanted to...
Our biggest mistake, I would say, with the PSP was that we were just so happy to provide the PS2 gaming on the go that we kind of stopped there.
This is what we want to do with the NGP, or Vita.
Besides the great graphics and CPU, think on what the interface could put in to make gameplay reality stand out.
Really stand out.
You know, something that you cannot even do on the PS3.
And yeah, that makes sense with the rear touch and the augmented reality stuff and touchscreen and all that stuff.
But I think it's almost too much.
They have some games that are kind of showing off that rear touch thing.
I don't know.
It's a little weird to me, but we'll see.
And I gotta be honest, you know, I was kind of, you know, I'm the one to kind of buy every console when it comes out and stuff, but, you know, I'm probably actually not gonna buy one of these.
And the reason why is they were showing off some of the games that they have at launch or whatever.
They have a Wipeout game, and they have... Of course, Ridge Racer.
They have Uncharted, no Ridge Racer.
Yet.
And some other games like Super Stardust and stuff like that, but...
I'm not a fan of Uncharted.
I don't really care about Wipeout.
So to me, it's almost like, hey, look, it's the 3DS lineup again.
No, I'm not going to do this.
You're not a fan of Uncharted.
Blasphemer.
Whatever.
I want to look at the chat room here with some of the comments about the name.
Jvmon in our chat room says, Vita equals life, PlayStation life, like you live a PlayStation life.
I don't know.
Also, Salacious Pop in our chatroom says, We knew that joke was coming.
FusionVault and FusionSentiment
They are specified in the little trademark as entertainment services, namely providing an online computer game.
So there must be some type of Fusion series coming out for either Xbox Live Arcade.
God, it better not be Fusion Frenzy.
I fucking hate Fusion Frenzy.
No, it's not Fusion Frenzy.
That was a Hudson thing anyway.
It was never Microsoft-centric.
Yeah, because they couldn't swap developers on Microsoft games.
Okay, but like, if Microsoft was gonna buy a franchise like Fusion Frenzy, which I don't think, I mean, I realize Hudson in the U.S.
kind of closed, but I believe they still have a Japanese presence, so... Well, just because they... Why would you buy the Fusion Frenzy series?
That last game was awful!
And on top of that, you know, it's like Hudson was responsible for the Mario Party games, and those weren't terrible.
It's just like, for the 360, like, ahhh, or even the original Xbox...
and let's just not give a shit on this problem with all due respect to people that work at Hudson the biggest issue with Hudson is that they've had some really big hits and some huge misses like just wow wow like Bomberman Zero was a Hudson game if I'm not mistaken correct
Yeah Fusion Frenzy 2 I think all Bomberman games have been Hudson Because Hudson created Bomberman Correct But when they hit, they hit pretty well DECA Sports actually wasn't a bad game It was a nice little expansion of Wii Sports The Bomberman Xbox Live Arcade thing was great It delivered exactly what people wanted out of a Bomberman game
But anyway, how did we get from Fusion to Bomberman?
Oh yeah, that stinking Fusion frenzy.
Yeah, you know what the problem with Hudson is?
They're owned by Konami.
I wonder if it's not their answer to pixel junk.
That's where my mind goes.
Like, it doesn't necessarily have to be like they're gonna go- Why do they need to even answer that?
I mean, seriously.
Because it's done well for Sony.
So what?
So, good, a game has done well for Sony.
Why do they need to answer that?
They have plenty of good games on Xbox Live Arcade.
Hell, there's good games coming out every week on Xbox Live Arcade versus the PlayStation Network, which doesn't get everything each week.
GameGuru in our chat says, I think Microsoft owns the Fusion Frenzy license.
Okay, fine, but really, I really don't think these games have anything to do with Fusion Frenzy.
That last game killed the series.
Let it die.
I don't think this is it.
I mean, I don't know.
It could be a Kinect thing.
I think it's just going to be minigame garbage.
Unfortunately, that's where my mind goes.
But it's just a freaking name.
It could also be the best game we've ever seen.
I mean, we just don't know.
They're names.
I'm going to make the best game ever and call it freaking garbage.
That's going to be awesome.
And you play a garbage man.
No, you don't.
Case in point, Super Meat Boy.
Based on the name and the box art, I was like, this game looks stupid.
This game looks so stupid.
And then I played it and I'm like, oh my god, this game's amazing.
So, you know, names do not mean everything.
Anyway, let's get to some other... Speaking of names, some other registrations.
Domains.
Apparently some internet domain names that have been registered Fable The Journey New Fable game or possibly Fable Xbox Live or possibly Fable Connect Fable Connect This is what Milo turned into I'm thinking it's this
all that whole like you can have him set down in the stream and you can hold them pieces of paper interacting with people Fable the Journey is what happened to Milo I don't even think it's that far I think it's just Fable with some connectivity I guess that would be Fable 4 I've abandoned the whole Fable series anyway so to hell with it I don't even care what it is
All right, Connect Fun Labs is another one.
That was already leaked, though, in an earlier thing.
Dance Central 2, which, I mean, really?
Duh.
Duh, really?
Connect Sports Season 2.
Duh.
Yeah, also pretty much a duh.
The sequels to our two most successful Kinect titles?
Never!
Exactly.
Again, it's really all about, okay, what is the Kinect going to give us that isn't part of the Wii?
I'm really interested in what this whole Kinect Star Wars thing is.
Because remember, they had teased that last year and we got nothing.
Well, this is the year we need to see what Kinect Star Wars is all about.
All LucasArts got, you know, they have right now is just the Old Republic.
That's it.
They have nothing else slated to come out that they've announced.
All right.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
Randy in our chatroom says, Hold hands in Fable with Kinect.
What the hell was that hand-holding thing anyway?
Like, it didn't make sense.
Just say, follow me.
Well, for escorting the girl and stuff, it made sense, but did you really have to be able to hold hands and run everybody through town?
It's just weird.
Ico did it.
But Ico, she was Ico.
All right, moving on.
One of the press conferences already happened, right, DarkSakura?
Konami.
We had some announcements from Konami.
We had the Metal Gear Solid HD collection that has Metal Gear Solid 2, Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater, and Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker.
But the original one is not in it.
Okay.
Twin Snakes, though.
I mean, that should have been in there.
They've already remade it once.
But anyway, it's going to be available on the PS3 and Xbox and will support 1080p.
And on the PS3, there is a transferring feature.
Well, I guess transferring, I should say.
It must have been misspelled.
No, I think they are misspelling it on purpose.
Really?
It's their little... Transfaring?
Transfaring, yeah.
Yeah.
Where you can transfer your Peace Walker game from your PSP to your PS3.
I like how they pronounce Million Merion.
You can transfer your game from the PS3 to the PSP.
There's also a Zone of the Enders HD collection, so it has Zone of the Enders and Zone of the Enders 2, and not much else is said about that except that they're thinking it'll be out in 2012, and it'll be a PS3 and Xbox 360.
and it will also have Transfaring.
Much better.
But there wasn't a Zone of the Enders game on the PSP.
I...
More importantly than all of that, there's going to be a Silent Hill collection.
Which is Silent Hill 2 and 3 and it's just basically touched up to look good in HD.
And it doesn't say what it's going to be on, although my assumption would be, well, PS3 and Xbox 360.
Maybe you can trans-fart there too.
I don't know.
I'm going to call it trans-fart.
So that I can think of pooting noises whenever you do your trans-farting.
Well, here's the thing, the transfarring stuff... Will Psycho Mantis read my transfarted data?
It's not really a good feature anyways, because the only game you can use that for would be the PSP port, and Peace Walker is the only game.
And I'm assuming you have to have the original game for that as well, so... I don't know, it's kind of weird.
It does feel like a lot of wasted resources on something no one's going to use, correct?
Yeah.
Yeah.
and what I would think would be cool is that for those of us who have older PS3s it would be cool if there could be some way to transfer your save file but other than that, you know that would be a pipe dream
Yeah, I don't know.
and her jaw dropped.
Like, I can't even control what's going on on the stage right now.
Is the show a hot mess?
Yeah, there was the year that they showed Rock Revolution and they failed the song on stage.
And then they had, what, last year, the whole Lucha Libre thing.
Wasn't that part of their thing?
And then, like, it was just like, what in the hell is going on on the stage right now?
And the whole, what was it, the one Marion Troops and...
But no, the whole thing was pre-recorded.
and it was a pre-recorded slickly produced video reel it was very reminiscent of for those that have seen the Konami booth at E3 they always have a giant television well last year they remodeled it and I can't remember if they have the giant TV anymore but at least for the last few years before that they had a giant television that would cycle through all the trailers and people would kind of sit and watch it was very reminiscent of this is the video that's going to play on the giant TV all E3
Which I found interesting.
You know what?
Hey, it was an interesting way for them to do it, and they got their message out there and didn't really get made fun of, and there's been a lot of hypes for the products.
I found it very interesting that they did it that way, in part probably, so that it was very scripted and would not fall apart.
Alright, here's my complaint.
And besides what Jamie's going to talk about here in a second...
Really, is this all you've got?
You've got remakes of your old shit.
Is that it?
This is what you've worked hard on?
Is taking assets from an old game and sprucing them up.
Hey, no, you're not really playing a new game.
We're just taking the old game, freshening it up a bit, and pumping it back into your console.
Kojima did come out to talk about a new interface.
Oh, about his new engine for a game that he has no game for.
Well...
Here's the thing, this is tricky though, because maybe it's a game they're going to announce But because of this whole pre-3 thing, they didn't Please, just like, you know, they would announce it anyways if they were going to have something to announce Because, I mean, seriously, where's, you know, Metal Gear Rising?
Oh, they didn't mention that, it's still coming, you know, next year Even though they mentioned it two years ago, well, last year I guess
yay thank you to the four chatters that all found that at once for me the Oprah bees gif have you seen it Loki um I'm afraid I have not seen my favorite fucking thing ever wait hold on oh there's a YouTube Ziba bless your heart ultimate Oprah's ultimate favorite things here we go oh I made a full screen here we go this is for you too she's
They're opening the box and... Bees!
And they're playing the I'm a bee in the background.
And this is what we were expecting Konami's press conference to be this year.
That's great.
Bees!
That's awesome.
Book of Memories
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh, you wanted something for you guys.
Oh, sorry, we don't have anything for you.
We're telling you this because we know you'll import it anyway.
We don't even have Glee for you, which is fine.
We don't need to carry Revolution Glee.
Did they announce some of that stuff kind of just in written form only, like a new DDR game is coming out too?
Like it wasn't really in the video, but they did put out a little paper on it?
Well, you know, I didn't see a DDR game on there.
All I saw was X3, the arcade machine, and that's it.
And yeah, it's coming out in Japan, so that does not count, I'm afraid.
I'm sorry.
So really, what they're spending their time on doing is taking old shit and making it new again.
Or not even making it new, making it prettier.
Great.
Good job.
You know who can get away with that?
Sony can get away with that.
Because you know why?
Because they put out new shit on top of that.
Again, Loki, I think it's too early to really say that.
Because next week, we have a new Nintendo console coming out.
You know...
Oh, I'm shaking, waiting for the new Elebits game that's going to come out.
And maybe another DECA sports game, because you know there'll be another DECA sports game.
I'm done with you.
Deck of Sports and Elebits maybe.
And what other crap do they put out whenever there's a new console?
Let me think here.
They don't put out Elebits every time there's a new console.
That happened once on the Wii.
Yeah, but they're going to totally bring it over.
You know it.
I don't think they will.
You just scared Shermie.
You just made Shermie leave the room in disgust.
I believe that's another Hudson title too.
She's probably going to go take a shit in the hall because of your outburst.
Thank you for making my cat poop!
Alright, can we move on with another story, please?
I guess.
I'm just saying, it's... It was not disappointing because I kind of expected this little out of them.
You know, I was hoping they would surprise me, but...
They might still... No, they're not.
Come on.
This is Konami we're talking about here.
They are never going to surprise us.
They're going to just come out with... I almost want to bet money on this.
I almost want to bet money on this, but I'm not going to because I'm broke.
And I'm going to Disneyland this week and I need my money.
Alright, fine.
Let's talk about something else.
There's a rumor that Microsoft's going to be announcing a TV service at E3.
Basically, kind of this whole rumored IPTV thing.
Well, now they're going to take it a step further and basically become their own service.
So, instead of having a dish or something like that, you could have whatever we're going to call it.
I believe Xbox Live Diamond, they're saying, is what it's going to be.
Which is funny, because I remember back in the day having the Diamond card, which gave me
Nothing.
Didn't it give you discounts at Quiznos for a month?
Something like that.
Free upgrade of a 6-inch sub to a foot long?
That was what Xbox Diamond was good for?
It was the equivalent of those little fundraising cards that you get.
Entertainment books.
No, not even that.
Not even the entertainment book.
But you know those little fundraising cards that you get that it's like, oh, this is for all the local businesses.
10% off of a Subway sandwich.
Foursquare?
No, not Foursquare.
Predating all of that.
I know it's hard to think of a time that Foursquare didn't exist.
All I can think of is the entertainment books, honestly.
They'd sell them for like $35 and all it was was like, buy one, get one free.
We sold those and banned.
It's like, I'm never going to use all this.
Back before there was Groupon, there was Entertainment Books.
Yes, so they're saying that it's going to be for an additional monthly fee.
It's basically going to be like a virtual cable operator.
So not really too much that we know, or if it's even going to be announced.
It would be kind of neat, because honestly, cable's fucking expensive, so if I can get something decent for cheaper...
Okay, but correct me if I'm wrong.
If net neutrality, this whole thing about the websites will soon be able to block whatever, or the, I'm sorry, internet providers will soon be able to block whatever they want goes through, do you think Comcast is going to have this?
They'll just be like, oh, block.
Unless Microsoft has somehow bought in to the providers.
And they kind of have done this with ESPN.
Like when you connect to the ESPN, it shows in the corner when I connect, it says brought to you by Comcast.
Like it knows what you're connecting to them through.
It's possible.
So either there's going to be an agreement or this little TV network that they're doing might be...
and their own set of channels.
It's not going to be tied to regular TV.
Do you remember about a year ago it had come out that before Conan signed the deal with TBS he had entertained the notion about doing a nightly show on Xbox Live?
That would have been awesome.
And that's why I think there's a lot of truth to this because I think Microsoft's been trying to build this for some time.
and they have a similar service in UK although granted it's not their own channel so I don't know where it's going to fall.
I think there absolutely will be at least one new Microsoft channel in this and of course MSNBC.
DarkSakura,
Other news about other things going on at E3 Q Games is going to be showing three titles at E3 Please note that this is not the same thing as Q Entertainment
I had actually made that mistake a little earlier on I thought this was about Q Entertainment but no Q Games is the company that makes like PixelJunk Shooter and PixelJunk they make all those games they're apparently they have like a preview online for one other PixelJunk game and it was a little bit weird that title it was PixelJunk Lifelike they had done a little preview of that apparently they are going to do two unannounced projects at E3 could they be more PixelJunk games
seems to be a lot of what they do now I bet one of them will be but one of them might be something a little new maybe for another console or something like that IDK but not the same as Q Entertainment who makes Luminous and you know Rez and all that Child of Eden Mizuguchi Studio different so there you go well we would move on to another story but DarkSakura left the studio so let me just yell at Loki some more
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Basically, you can control your pets, and you can breed them and share them.
The Xbox 360 version will have Kinect capabilities.
You can control the Sims and their pets with voice commands.
And then, it's like...
Make Out!
And then they'll make out.
That type of thing.
But pets, for the 3DS, will have a pedometer so you get more karma points the more that you walk.
And you can use it to buy in-game items.
And then with the Street Pass, you can get pets to other pets owners.
So, um, there you go.
I'm just hoping that it, I would rather that for the PC one that it works a lot more like the old Pets expansion did.
You know, you have, you can build your dog house and you can have your cat and you have to clean up your cat's poo and that type of thing.
I'd make a big fat Shermie.
Sounds like fun.
Well, Sims is for people who don't want to play Second Life, but, you know, it's a lot more fun.
I don't know.
Maybe... They want to play Second Life by themselves.
But, like, now I have to get Generations if I want to play this one.
It's RPM.
It's Roleplay Masturbation.
It's self-serving.
I'm kidding.
The Sims is still the best selling PC game ever, right?
Pretty much.
I don't even think WoW beat it.
So, there you go.
Alright, let's travel the world and look at some release dates.
If you don't want to get The Sims, maybe there's something else coming out to a store near you very soon.
This week there's actually quite a few things coming out.
It's just kind of nice.
We'll start things off.
Infamous 2 on the PlayStation 3.
That's going to be coming out this week.
Red Faction Armageddon coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Let's see.
Also this week...
Operation Flashpoint Red River that's going to be coming out on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and PC as well let's see here I really wish these lists would load up faster that's pretty much the big releases this week the rest is just crap I'll leave it at that
Well, you got these games and a bunch of crap.
That's what's coming out this week.
Yeah, I mean, I think they have like a fucking triple pack for Ben 10 or some garbage like that.
If that's your thing, then cool.
What other garbage do they have here?
Duke Nukem Critical Mass, but that's not actually coming out at that time.
Oh, Green Lantern.
Of course, there's a movie tie-in game for that, which I'm sure will be just wonderful.
That's on PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360.
Oh, and DS and 3DS because that's a good 3DS title right there.
Oh, yeah.
And then I forgot because this is actually about a week from today.
WePlayMotion will be coming out for Nintendo.
This is the innovative content that they have.
Oh, hey, WePlay sold really well.
Let's make another one of those.
So that will be coming out for Nintendo with a black Wii Remote Plus.
Awesome.
All right, moving on to Japanese release dates.
What's coming out over there?
On the Xbox 360 on June 9th, the Gears of War Twin Pack.
It's a Platinum Collection now, so a little bit of a price reduction for those of you guys in Japan.
Also, Phantom Breaker in a limited edition, Red Faction Armageddon, and Riot Act 2 goes into the Platinum Collection, so that is also getting a price reduction.
Riot Act 2 is Crackdown.
What's their version of Crackdown?
moving on to other consoles such as the PlayStation 3 Red Faction Armageddon there as well Ryu Ga Gotoku comes out of the end is what that's called that is coming out on the 9th from Sega this is a Yakuza zombie game yeah that looks pretty cool could be interesting are they bringing that out over here?
I don't know.
It's not been announced yet.
So Yakuza Zombies, maybe that's something you'll see at E3 next week, a localized version of that.
On the Nintendo Wii, nothing.
On the 3DS though, Fish On comes out this week.
You guessed it, it's a fishing game.
And it's 3D.
Yay.
I would have never guessed it's a fishing game.
and lastly on the Sony PSP really not a lot this week there's another Evangelion limited edition thing it's a Pachi game tabashi so I'm thinking that is what another pachinko Evangelion game
I'm looking at the screenshots.
Yeah, it's like a little slot machine.
Little gambling games.
Little mini games.
Gambling slots.
Because there's a revamped Evangelion series out.
So, of course, it's been getting a big side product reboot.
So, there you go.
That's it.
Does it for your Japanese releases.
Forever and ever.
Tell me, Loki, what's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on as we have rumors about the Wii successor?
This is stuff that we've all kind of heard about before.
This is coming from Nikkei, and this is basically the same publication that also predicted the DSi.
The DSi XL, the 3DS.
Now they're predicting stuff for the new Wii console or new Nintendo console.
Apparently, they are saying that it's coming out on the second half of 2012.
Obviously, fourth quarter.
Makes sense.
and that it will also have the 6-inch touchscreen on the controller.
Yeah, basically repeating what everybody else has been saying.
And also, apparently, they're supposed to be having some sort of camera on the actual controller as well.
They're saying that the company OmniVision, who's worked with Apple on its iPhone, supplying them with cameras, is also apparently supplying Nintendo with cameras as well.
So, interestingly.
That they're going to do that.
And there was one other rumor that didn't make our show roll because it was very, very, very last minute.
But the rumor is that Nintendo's next console might be called Nintendo.
That's right.
That's how much effort they're putting into their console.
They don't even want to fucking name it.
You know what?
I actually don't think it's that terrible of a name.
I think there was a rumor that the Wii was going to be called that, that it's just the Nintendo.
That whole reboot idea.
I actually don't think it's a terrible idea, because if you go back to when all we had was the Nintendo, it was like, hey, you want to come over to my house and play Nintendo?
It became...
Like a verb, you know what I mean?
Like Xeroxing, Kleenex, one of those types of things.
So calling it the Nintendo Nintendo, I don't think it's a terrible name.
I can see like Nintendo HD or something like that.
I think most people's reaction will be, oh, okay, but I don't think you can say that's a bad name.
to be fair, the original Nintendo was really called the Nintendo Entertainment System so if they're calling this just the Nintendo, it is a new name but I actually don't believe it I think because to call the system your company when you're trying to also launch a 3DS thing side by side I actually don't buy it
I would give more cred to Nintendo HD or Nintendo with a very small suffix to it.
Let's see.
Randy in our chatroom says, not Nintendo, THE Nintendo.
Ranma says, the next console called Nintendo.
I fucking called that two weeks ago.
Dude, you gotta wait till Tuesday before you get to parade that.
Salacious Pop to play Nintendo is still relevant vernacular in my opinion so if they want to make a play on that it's not that surprising that's kind of where I'm at my mom still calls it all Nintendo when I showed her Mortal Kombat she was like oh you're gonna fire up the Nintendo okay maybe not like that but you know it's all the same to her
So, we'll see.
Anyhow, one other story I want to get to before we get to the classic game of the week.
And this is important.
This has to do with, of course, fundraising efforts that are still going on for Japanese tsunami relief.
Guys, it doesn't fix itself overnight.
This fundraising effort is going to go on for years and years.
You know, again, not to bring up really bad memories of the past, but when Hurricane Katrina happened, that took years to clean up.
And some would argue...
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
The track list was announced this week.
That's the new news.
Just going over some of the cool things that are going to be on here.
There's original songs here.
Akira Yamaoka has a song called Ex-Animo.
Koji Kondo has a Super Mario medley on two pianos.
Mitsuzo Suzuki, Play For You, Tommy Tallarico, Greater Lights.
So it's not just folks in Japan, but it's Western composers as well.
Did you watch the thing that Akira Yamaoka was talking about?
I did not watch the video.
I do have it here, but did you watch it?
Yes, I did.
What did you think?
Really good.
What was in it?
Just talking about working with people from all over the world that worked in the industry specifically related to music and getting some of the best names out there and that everything was going towards Japan Relief.
It was really just thanking people involved and thanking people to buy it and saying, hey, for all of you following us, we recognize we have a world audience and that type of thing.
Awesome.
Oh, also, how could I forget?
Nobuo Uematsu has a new song, Every New Morning.
You know Nobuo Uematsu.
Anyhow, 100% of the proceeds from the Play for Japan, the album, will go straight to the Japanese Red Cross.
More information available, playforjapan.org.
But I think this is great, too.
It will be released in early June on the iTunes Store.
So, I mean, you know, argue if you will if you hate Apple or whatever, but it is a huge store.
It's going to be very easy.
And what I like about it is that I remember a time three years ago it was very hard to find video game music on iTunes.
Now it seems like it's really broken through, and it's pretty easy to find a lot of the newer soundtracks on there.
So props to iTunes, who hopefully will be featuring that.
So that will be available for sale.
Again, 100% of the proceeds go to the Japanese Red Cross.
Playforjapan.org.
Let's get into the classic game of the week.
Every week here on the show we like to highlight a game from gaming's past.
DarkSakura likes to jump into the vault and say, Hey, look, while you're talking about your newfangled Nintendos of the present, I remember Nintendos back in my day, back when we played awesome games such as this one.
Bionic Commando for the NES
and, uh, it's kind of based off of the 87 Bionic Commando.
This one came out in 88.
Um, you basically have to explore different stages and you play as Lad Spencer, who is going to rescue the guy from the first game, who was called Super Joe, who was captured by, uh,
The Empire, because you've got to go stop the Empire, the General of the Imperial Forces, who is completing the project himself.
So you have to go and rescue Super Joe and lead the FF Battalion, or Double Force Battalion, who are all commandos who use wired guns to rescue him.
So you've got a stage select map and you move around the map screen and you can choose to move to different areas but you have to go back and go through these overhead areas to get to different places.
There's 19 areas in the game, 1 through 12 are combat and 13 and 19 are all neutral areas where you can't fight at all.
If you fire your weapon at all in those areas, you'll be attacked by a peacekeeping force.
But these are places that you can get information and items.
There's also green enemy trucks on the map selection that will try to block your helicopter.
And if you fly into one of these while you're traveling, you have to battle the troops.
And this is the overhead part I was talking about.
It's kind of like Commando.
So...
You can actually kill certain enemies to get additional continues.
So you've got a bionic arm, so you can't jump, you just use the arm, and you latch on and can swing yourself at 45 degrees, or you can go up, or exactly right, so you've got different ways that you can move, but it's really just those three ways.
You can also use the arm to deflect some bullets and grab different enemies and items.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So, at any rate, there were clearly changes that were made to the game.
As you can probably tell from the Japanese title, the whole thing was basically about fighting Nazis.
The Empire was like a neo-Nazi nation, and they used a swastika for their logo.
So of course when it came out over here, they changed the logo and everything, and they changed things to the Imperial Forces and blah blah.
Although the end boss still looks like Hitler, but they called him Master D. It's like, hi, we kind of know who that is.
Except you do get to see his head explode, which is pretty cool.
Because he was a fuckhead.
Yeah, and I gotta say, TigerClaw in the chatroom says, this game is from an era before the ESRB, so they were able to get away with some gore on an NES game.
That wasn't just because of the ESRB, that was Nintendo's own policy to get rid of the gore.
But yeah, heads exploding, you didn't see that in many games.
No, and it was a gory-ass explosion.
I mean, it was like, bleh, everywhere.
So yeah, there have been other remakes.
There was a portable version of Bayek Commando on the Game Boy in 1992 that was based off of the NES game, but it was turned into a futuristic one because this was actually set in the 80s when it was made in the 80s.
And then there was, of course, Bionic Commando Rearmed that was developed by Grin and it came out in 2008 for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
And the sequel that came out February 2011.
And then the original NES Bionic Commando was featured on a Game Boy Advance compilation.
It was called Capcom Classics Minimix, which also included Strider and Mighty Final Fight.
Two really good games.
Well, maybe not in the NES trailer, but still.
So, uh... There's also a book, a novelization, that was based off of the NES version.
So the main character's called Jack Markson.
He lost his arm when ninjas attacked his hotel room and kidnapped Super Joe.
So they replaced it with... Sounds like a Michael Bay movie.
I know.
they replaced it with a bionic limb with a grappling hook and other neato things so there's different things the book was super toned down and they didn't kill anybody although certain things like some of the deaths of Hal and Kilt are kept in and they just sort of skim over most of the stuff that goes on so they can fit in the book
and there's an illustrated Bionic Commando story actually on a website that I will be linking in the chat room and if you're not in the chat room, oh well, too bad.
So here you can find out about Super Joe and about Spencer.
The end.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Bionic Commando for the NES.
Not to be confused with the arcade version, or as Ziba keeps asking about in the chatroom, the Commodore 64 version, which I don't even remember playing, but I'm pretty sure it was based off the arcade more than it was the NES.
Speaking of which, you did see the magazine that I linked to you, right?
Retro Gamer is doing a Commodore 64 special this month, as well as the Anniversary of Street Fighter.
We need more Commodore 64 games in our Classic Game of the Week.
Well, guess who didn't play much Commodore 64?
I know, I know.
Every week that you're not here, I end up doing something for Commodore 64.
Well, then why don't you pick the week after, huh?
We'll see, we'll see.
Okay, then.
All right.
Do you want to do this segment or me?
No, it's DarkSakura's Game of the Week.
Maybe I'll pick something.
All right.
I've covered stuff that have imported to the... Maybe I'll pick a Spectrum game.
Okay, that works.
Or a Vetrex.
Or just Spectre was a great PC game back in the day.
I'll pick a Vetrix game.
All right.
Maybe.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere.
We've got a busy part B tonight.
Your Twitter topics, as you send those in, hurry up and get them in at twitter.com slash OLR.
And we've got rapid-fire news.
News about Call of Duty's Elite system.
That's been catching a lot of press this week.
Also news about the 3DS shop we're going to get into and our E3 predictions.
We're going to get into those as well in just a little bit when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio
And you can actually go in there and there's actually a compiled list of every episode we ever did.
And it's like, keep scrolling, keep scrolling, keep scrolling.
It's pretty impressive.
We're going to be going on 10 years next year.
I know, right?
Anyhow, we don't want to toot our own horn.
Unless it is talking about the... I can toot our horn if we want.
Unless it's talking about the E3 coverage we're going to bring you next week.
Tuesday and Wednesday night, 7pm Pacific, 10 o'clock Eastern at Ustream.
A little something new for us, but it'll be cool because we can play around with video and visuals a little bit.
So that'll be available to... My God, you alright over there?
That'll be available on Ustream.
And if you're really good, because you can do Ustream broadcasting from your phone now, maybe I'll do a Ustream broadcast of us getting Bobby on California Screamin'.
I have to explain what just happened.
Oh, what happened?
I ran over the cord for my headphones and then when I moved my chair it ran over the cord of the microphone and yanked it out of my hand and then I had it all the way wrapped around my legs and then I rolled over my foot.
Ouch.
Sorry everybody for that.
You're a klutz.
No, I'm not.
Alright, just accident prone.
Alright, let's get to plugs for the spinoff shows then we'll get to rapid fire news.
So, quickly, the spinoff shows.
The other shows that we do when we're not doing OLR.
Comic Insanity.
We're at Infamous.net and a new episode will be up on Tuesday.
So go there and listen to us.
Do it with Mar and Marvel and Dan Jetto.
Comics!
Okay, let's move on with some rapid-fire news, and there's a lot this week.
And then, of course, your tweets, so you better get those in, because we're almost done.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
By the way, speaking of Twitter, I want to get a plug out for this, because Bobby is helping us with those E3 wrap-up shows.
He's going to be helping us get interviews.
He's going to be, I mean, they're like...
Mostly his shows, probably, if you think about it.
But no, we'll be here giving our smart-ass commentary.
But I do want to say about Bobby, speaking of Twitter, if you're not following Bobby on Twitter, you should be, because he's kind of doing, he's biting an idea we did a couple years ago, but with permission.
We told him we could.
uh that is you drive him on the show floor he is very minimal appointments so if you're like Bobby I heard this game might be on the show floor and uh nobody's covering it he'll go find out for you so all that stuff that used to be in Kensha Hall that's now kind of sprinkled throughout the East Halls and West Halls uh he'll go find that stuff for you
I need to know what Natsume's putting out right now.
There's the first assignment.
Who cares?
Seriously, Twin Cities or Twin Town.
We demand that Bobby goes to Natsume's booth, finds the largest chibi thing that they have on display in the booth and get a picture with it.
It's Harvest Moon.
Come on.
It's always Harvest Moon.
No, one year they had the tulip game they were showing.
The tulip game was great.
And it did come out.
You run up and kiss people.
It did come out.
It was a GameStop exclusive.
But I want a cow.
I want cow swag from the Harvest Moon people.
I have like a pig from them.
I have a sheep somewhere.
I have their pig.
But I want a cow.
And I'm holding a ransom.
I don't want a pig, it's not kosher.
Aftermath, Map Pack, and Skin Bundle with the Wraith skin, multiplayer skin for Resistance 2.
All for $40.
You know, I actually may pick this up because I sold back Resistance 1 a while ago and I never really finished Resistance 2 before I sold it back.
And I'm really looking forward to number 3, so might have to pick it up again.
Pretty cool.
Um...
Also, this is kind of interesting because usually you hear about these type of things when people are doing their own kind of portable console mods, but they're actually selling portable Dreamcasts.
Now, these are not necessarily, I think, official Dreamcast items actually sanctioned by Sega or something.
But it's actually a portable system.
It's going to go for 38,000 yen, or roughly $470 US.
That's kind of crazy.
It does look like something like Ben Heck would put out.
I mean, very vacuum-formed shell and whatnot.
But yeah, if you're really interested in a portable Dreamcast, seriously, you're better off building your own because it'd be way cheaper.
Way cheaper.
and then finally, if you wanted to pick up the U-Draw and you don't own a Wii, you can now do that because it'll be coming out on 360 and PlayStation 3.
HD U-Draw!
HD U-Draw.
It's getting some enhancements.
It's going to be a multi-touch tablet.
It's going to have a high-definition input, 2000x1600 resolution.
And you'll be able to do the pinch and stretch, rotate features.
Pictionary HD.
It's built-in tilt sensors.
Now you can draw penises in HD.
and of course they'll be coming with UDraw Studio where in this case it's going to be kind of a souped up UDraw Studio UDraw Studio Instant Artist with tutorials and new interfaces and stuff like that and of course there's going to be supporting different UDraw titles like Pictionary and that kind of thing um
I don't know, it looks kind of interesting.
Just from what I've seen with UDraw on the Wii, the support for it is kind of eh, because it's only THQ that's putting stuff out.
Now I know that we heard rumors that maybe Nintendo might put something out for it, and everyone's hoping for Mario Paint, but eh, I don't know.
That's a stretch, I think.
But at least THQ's supporting it.
They've got the Wii, I want to say there's about five games out for it now.
So, it's not bad.
Frisbee in our chatroom says, get a real tablet.
DarkTetsuya says, hey, look at it this way.
The Bob Ross game lives on.
You can paint happy little trees.
But let's be real.
They're all drawing penises with it.
By the way, one thing I forgot to mention about that Duke Nukem Forever demo, there's a whiteboard in it that seems to exist for no other reason than for 12-year-olds to draw penises on it.
Yep.
And then the onlookers will commentate, oh, that sounds like a good plan, Duke.
Yeah.
Eh, wiener.
I think it'd be cool though if they did, you know, put, they really need a new Magic Pendulum game.
Seriously, that'd be awesome.
Breakman in our chatroom says, 3D vaginas are ugly.
Yeah, I saw Cloverfield too.
Anything else?
That's it.
Oh, hey, then let's get to more news.
Michael J. Fox is going to be in the Back to the Future games.
Yeah, that's pretty cool because he wasn't in the first few, but they are going to bring him back for the fifth and, I guess, the last game in the Back to the Future.
Of course, these are the Telltale Games episodic.
Now, here's the thing.
They are not going to just simply replace A.J.
Loscaio, who's been doing the voice and apparently been doing a very good job.
Michael J. Fox is going to be in the conclusion of...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Three is poop.
Three didn't happen.
This movie is really good.
Are there any good one-liners?
Like, do you know what happens when lightning hits a toad?
No, but my favorite line in the whole movie is, fuck off.
And you'll know what I'm talking about when you see it.
Alright, you got it.
But here's the thing.
As far as the X-Men goes, the reason why I bring it up... Oh, now I forget why I bring it up.
Why did I bring it up?
Oh yeah, we were talking about... Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen were originally supposed to have a cameo in it.
as, I guess, playing the older versions, kind of like they did in the original X-Men movie, but they didn't film it and nixed it because they didn't want the new X-Men movie tied to the original at all.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But it's just like, my god, if somebody tried to play a young Captain Jean-Luc Picard, like, I don't think I'd ever be able to believe it.
They tried to do that.
Seriously.
Oh, that's right, they did.
Oh, that's right, they did, yeah.
Seriously, how fucking annoying is it that he picked Arnold Schwarzenegger to be Mr. Freeze over Patrick Stewart?
It would have been perfect!
Perfect!
Don't get me started.
But no.
You know what, it's a good thing Patrick Stewart stayed away from it.
Yeah, you know what, it would have killed him.
I mean, seriously, it would have been Earl Julia all over again.
Hey, L.A.
Noire, which is a game that Loki's loaning me.
I'm very excited.
I can take it out of my queue.
L.A.
Noire has got some download content that's going to be coming out.
DLC is going to come, what, May 17th all the way through July 12th.
And there's DLC cases that you can download.
One of them's called Reefer Madness.
I don't think it plays into the movie.
But hey, The Naked City.
Let's hope we see some more nude people.
Yeah, that's coming out on May 31st for $4.00.
Anyway, if you want to buy all this stuff a la carte, you can pay $20 for it.
But you can also pre-buy all of it for $10 with what's called the Rockstar Pass.
But you have until June 14th to take advantage of that.
Otherwise, it's going up to $12 after that.
So there you go.
Lots of stuff coming out.
There's even, I guess, challenges, new suits and guns and whatever, horse armor.
But also the social club things, May 17th.
Interesting stuff.
so LA Noire DLC speaking of download stuff and all this stuff Capcom has reversed a decision we reported on no actually we didn't report on this last week because I think we weren't here so Capcom did take that DRM I seem to remember talking about it this annoying DRM was going to be in Super Street Fighter 4 on the PC that if you are not connected to the internet it won't bork the game but you'll be limited to 15 fighters and of course people raised hell on the forums and Capcom said
okay okay we're back and down yeah you you will be able to play as everybody even if not connected to the internet however as one would logically expect you won't have online multiplayer replay sharing or watching and achievements unless you're online and logged in which yeah that does make sense I think so there you go the consumers win I think moving on
We do have other news.
There is a Final Fantasy V rated by the ESRB for a PSN release in North America, which is pretty good.
So we'll be getting lots of classic games, and hopefully it's going to have the same treatment that 3 and those had.
Then we have Duke Nukem Forever download content details.
We have the first download pack that has four weapons, a minigun, a noob tube, a sticky grenade, and a BFG, which we all know what BFG stands for.
DLC number two is a deathmatch map.
So there's EDF base, LKR, and map three.
It's just called map three.
And then the third pack is 15 new single player maps, arm wrestling, and the impregnator weapon, and a karaoke machine.
So hey.
Also, if you've pre-ordered the game, you get the first DLC for free.
And then the last news is in Batman Arkham City, you can play as Catwoman, and she gets her own storyline.
She better not be played by Halle Berry.
She looks pretty hot.
Don't get me wrong, Halle Berry's hot, but that movie?
Not hot.
No.
But she looks pretty hot.
That's it.
All right.
Let's get into what?
Some Twitter topics now?
That's right.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
And every week you guys can send us your tweets.
Show us your tweets, as we like to say.
And we read them.
As long as they don't suck.
Let's start off Twitter this week with... Oh, Fidelt61 tweeted us this, and I don't think we actually covered this elsewhere on the show.
TrekMovie.com reports that a video game set in the Star Trek movie universe is coming in 2012.
DarkSakura, did you hear about this?
This seems right up your alley here at Star Trek Online.
It's going to be set in the Abrams Trek universe.
I'm assuming to maybe bridge the new movie, because the new movie's out next year too, right?
It is.
Kirk and Spock
ZQ
Bridge Things.
This is also the first full Star Trek video game since 2007.
They are not counting Star Trek Online, but they would say that Star Trek Conquest, the eh game that came out from Bethesda, because that's what most people said about it, it will be coming out in 2012.
I'll check it out.
Heck yeah.
I like Star Wars enough.
Or Star Trek.
I have an alt tab open with a Star Wars story that's coming later.
My bad.
Essex22 tweeted us and said, Just curious what you guys might consider the best downloadable co-op PS3 title.
Want to find something a friend and I can play online.
Any suggestions?
Best co-op downloadable title.
Portal 2 PC Download it on Steam
Downloadable?
Um...
It's hard because I'm not sure what type of games you really like.
And PS3 is also kind of limited.
I mean, not as much stuff jumps to mind.
They don't have Quake 3 Arena.
They don't have kind of the same selection.
They don't have Perfect Dark and some of the same stuff that the Xbox does.
The PixelJunk games are insanely popular.
I would check those out too.
So, things to think about.
more tweets coming to us from TheBaconBits tweeted us with something the Nintendo controller spotted at E3 but then when I bring this up in a new window I'm like this is somebody trying to be lousy I think because what this is a picture of is I think it's just an N64 controller all taped up
Yeah, somebody just posted an N64 controller, I think.
A little lulzy there.
Although that would be kind of funny if they just used the 64 controller all over again, but I kind of doubt it.
Spazernator tweets us, Usual drill, free TV shows on the PSN store.
Also, there's free movie rentals too.
I gotta email him offline.
Something about he set us up an account that has movies for me to watch.
I haven't even downloaded the update.
I will, though, probably this week.
I don't forget.
What did you download?
I downloaded Super Stardust HD, and I have Infamous in my queue.
We haven't downloaded anything yet, I think.
Now, do you get PSP games as well?
Yes, you get two PS3 and two PSP.
I don't even have... Nice, huh?
I'm gonna download something anyways.
Yes, you should.
Take up the opportunity.
Going to some tweets from Blue Swim.
heard OLR play the opening song to Katamari Damacy on the break and thought of Retro Force Go Orange Lounge Foodio question, what will you be snacking on during the E3 pressers?
I'm gonna nom a bag of spicy sweet chili Doritos Popcorn Yep, me too, kettle corn Vegetables, because we have a bunch of them Kettle corn specifically I will be doing the Michael Jackson thriller Yes, I'm gonna be doing the Michael Jackson thriller gif
Especially during Sony's presser Lots of carrots And I will be tweeting as well
I can't wait to read your tweets.
We need to look into that Cover It Live software.
I don't even know if you could use that at your work day.
Whatever, I don't even... I know, you don't think it's a big deal, but people love their Loki rage.
It's just gonna be... See, the problem is I have to watch them at work.
I have no problem doing that because my boss is gone and his boss is gone, so... Well, it's not like it's not related to your job.
These are the games you're gonna be selling at Christmas time.
I think...
You do have a right to watch this at work.
But the problem is they let go so many people.
It's like, stupid Nazis.
Don't let me.
No, I'll just lock the door.
What are they going to do?
Lock the door?
I'll lock the door to the conference room.
We're going to be watching it on nice HD TV.
There you go.
Actdeft tweets us, What game or gaming-related news would truly surprise you if it happened on E3 this week?
Now, we are going to get into E3 predictions a little later, but I'm going to allow this question because it's not talking about what do you think will happen.
This is talking about what would surprise you if it happened.
Is there anything that would truly surprise you if it happened?
Sony doesn't fuck up that'd surprise me the F-Zero game on the Nintendo console I don't think it's gonna happen so I would say it would genuinely surprise me I would be tickled pink when I go down there on Thursday to pick up Bobby I might just have to rush the doors if the F-Zero game happens
Um... There's not really much that could be surprising to me.
Like I said, I'm going to this with really low expectations.
Um...
It's so hard to call things like that too because when I think of surprises, I think of things that literally come the fuck out of nowhere.
I would say Gabe Newell getting up on stage at the Sony press conference and saying, Hey, by the way, I don't hate Sony anymore and we're going to integrate Steam and the PlayStation.
That was a fucking surprise.
I couldn't have called that.
I don't think anyone could have.
Um, and Final Fantasy XIV, as lulzy as that came up, as that was two years ago, let us not forget when Jack Trenton was on stage and said, we're gonna be delivering Final Fantasy XIV, everybody was like, oh, he just fucked up, he meant XIII too, and no, it was fucking XIV was coming out already, even though XIII wasn't out.
No, really it was XI, but you know, XI HD.
Surprises are so hard to foresee.
Um...
I would say like a very strange partnership especially from Microsoft and I know that's so vague I know the return of Xbox Live experiences like 1 vs 100 I sadly think that shit is gone which pisses me off I think it was a great thing that they had but if they were to say hey we're bringing back the multiplayer game show type events the live events on Xbox that would truly surprise me
Where the fuck are my Burger King Kinect games?
Burger King Kinect Part 2, that would be your... No, Burger King Kinect Part 1.
Where the hell are they?
They promised me that they're going to have some exclusive Burger King Kinect games.
And I have yet to see these.
I was all ready to buy them because they were going to be terrible.
I know, the Nintendo console projects imagery, any type of projector built into the Nintendo, that would fucking surprise me because that is not happening the holodeck holodeck announced and it's coming to you from on live because nobody believed that shit would work either and look, there it is
On Life presents the holodeck.
All right.
I don't want to miss these tweets from Tiger Claw.
Let me get to these.
Top Gun and Days of Thunder to get Blu-ray game slash movie combos.
Did you hear about that?
They're selling the combo packs.
Yeah, I know about that.
I've been selling those.
Have you really?
I've known about that for a while.
And they sound lame.
It's, well, no, seriously, it's lame.
Here's what they're doing.
They're doing basically what they did with The Watchmen, where they take the really shitty, shitty PlayStation Network games that sold, like, garbage, and then they throw it in with the movie.
So that's what you're going to get.
You're going to get the really shitty garbage Top Gun game and the really terrible, you know, Days of Thunder game.
Awesome!
Hey, at least you get a movie.
I gotta read this comment in chat Kai Judo in our chatroom says Big Brother on Xbox Live Arcade would be awesome If they don't make it, I will I've gotta say this I was walking through Target And I saw their Wii section of games And, excuse me, strawberry part I saw for sale on the Wii The Survivor game that's now available on the Wii And look, I'm a fan of reality trash TV And I do watch almost every episode of Survivor stuff And I picked up this box And I just started laughing at how horrible this game looked
Now, have you seen the Amazing Race for the Wii?
I've heard that's garbage, too.
Oh, I'm sure it is.
But, I mean, like, actually, a Survivor game or something like that on Xbox Live Arcade and the party thing or whatever might not suck if they do it right.
It could actually be really fucking interesting.
But I just don't trust anyone to get it right.
because I look at this stuff that's on the Wii and I'm like oh the Wii game shows that work best are the minimalist ones like Wheel of Fortune that's pretty hard to fuck up Jeopardy again pretty hard to fuck up
Pressure Luck.
No whammies, no whammies, stop.
I mean, somehow, Game Show Network fucked it up when they revived it, but you know what I mean.
Classic Pressure Luck is still gold.
Anyhow.
Also from Tiger Claw, Penny Arcade comic to be adapted into a movie.
I had not heard about this.
Have you heard anything about this?
Yeah, it's a spin-off.
It's just basically... Well, since the games didn't work out so well.
No, it's not even a spin-off.
It's like a little three-panel comic that they did.
The story of the DivX player.
No, it's not even, it's none of the Penny Arcade characters.
It's basically this kid who is... The new kid.
The new kid, yeah.
He's moving, you know, normally it's moving to a new town.
Well, it's moving to a new planet.
And the planet has three quarters of the gravity that, you know, they had on Earth or whatever.
And so I'm guessing he's kind of like, you know, super strong and fast or whatever.
Because, you know, you would be if you went to a planet with less gravity.
Well, the guys behind... Everyone else would, too.
No.
No.
Thanks for watching!
I would question how much are the Penny Arcade people going to actually be involved in this because they are pretty good writers and they write some really funny, hilarious, insightful comments and their commentary on gaming culture has always been really good.
But then I read in this story here, Paramount has tapped Gary Witta, former PC Gamer Editor-in-Chief and Book of Eli screenwriter to pen the new kid and I roll my eyes.
This has nothing to do with the Penny Arcade comic.
It just happens to be this is a comic that they also made.
None of the characters are in it.
None of the funny stuff's in it.
I get that but I'm saying the Penny Arcade comic proves that they're good writers and I would like to see what they it's just like okay the South Park you know Trey and Matt are fucking hilarious I want to see the Book of Mormon play on that alone like it has nothing to do and I realize that that universe and South Park have nothing in common except recurring Mormon jokes over and over but I want to see that play based on the fact that I appreciate their work on the show and I think they're very good satirists that's what I'm getting at does that make sense
I hope.
Alright.
Anyhow, that does it for tweets tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Send us more tweets for next week or send your tweets over to Bobby because he's going to be roaming the halls of E3 and he is your little eyeball that you can command to go look at things.
And by the way, he did accept the challenge of going to find the giant stuffed animal at the Natsume booth and he will get Chibi Wolf.
And a cow.
By the way, you're not getting in the car to Disneyland without swag for DarkSakura and Sky.
Probably Dan, too.
No, just for me.
All right.
I'm giving him such a hard time.
All right, let's move on.
More news.
Plenty more news.
And the mailbag and our E3 predictions just around the corner.
yes so Activision not to lose out on a money making opportunity they have decided to create Call of Duty Elite it is a paid digital platform being created by Beachhead Studios built around right now Modern Warfare 3 and now the service does have free aspects to it and this would include also like you know you know guild making and you know uh
sharing videos and that kind of stuff.
It also tracks your stats.
Think of it like the Halo waypoint almost a little bit.
They have, of course, I guess they're saying part of the fee will go towards customer service operation that needs, I guess, they're supporting the back end for.
So they're saying it's going to have a small monthly fee, maybe like $8 or something.
And I don't know.
It just sounds...
interesting I guess especially since a lot of the players for Call of Duty are really just online heavy and it's really community driven so it makes sense that they would be doing something like this also it's a way for them to sell more subscriptions and make money we make every month off of World of Warcraft from Blizzard how could we make money every month off our other big games yeah why bother having them share videos on YouTube for free when they can do it on our service
and we could just take down all the videos on YouTube.
Well, I don't think they would do that.
And I think a lot of it's still free, but they have a video out there that you can check out that has some of the features of it and stuff.
It sounds a little bit also, I don't know if anyone remembers, because it's been around for at least a few months now since Medal of Honor, but remember there's also the EA Gun Club or whatever?
Yeah.
So they've got, you know, that kind of thing as well going on on the EA side.
So, you know, I guess, I don't know, it makes sense that they're kind of doing this sort of stuff and I'm sure they're going to have like, you know, betas for, you know, paid members and stuff like that.
Just a way to get people, kind of think of it like the PlayStation Plus program or something like that.
I don't know.
If you're hardcore, then it's worth it to you.
And then for those of us that don't get it, quote unquote, we just go, LOL, more money.
Well, even if you don't, like, for example, if you're not that hardcore into it, though, you can at least get some stuff out of the free portion of it.
Like, they have your career stats or all that stuff if you like the stat tracking.
I think they even have the hot points on the map and stuff where most of the players are
you know converging on and stuff like that so I don't know check out the free portion if it's not for you then you don't have to do it it's as simple as that you know we were talking a lot on Horde House today about $25 mounts and wow and why people buy them and you know some of us look at it and go why in the hell would you spend that money on a mount but for some people it's like pretty Barbie you know so you can't it's your money spend it on whatever you want
Hey, some details on the 3DS shop launch.
Excitebike 3D is going to be the free game that is on the 3DS shop when it launches June 6th.
Tomorrow, right?
Holy crap.
That's coming out of nowhere.
What?
You're shaking your finger.
No, my finger, that means whoop-dee-shit.
Oh, you're twirling your finger, my bad.
All right, the eShop launches this week, and it's going to be giving you Excitebike 3D free for 30 days.
I'm sure that will be fantastic in 3D.
I'm sure it will fully utilize the power of the 3DS.
It's the goddamn NES game with just the layers.
That's what all those NES games are going to do.
The background is one layer, and the sprites are a front layer, and it's, ooh, an effect.
That's it.
But, you know, a lot of people will pick it up and play it and go, ooh.
I will download it because it's free.
Yeah, it's free.
But if you think I'm buying any of your other fucking games, other NES games, and, you know, spending... Unfortunately, it doesn't have internet play.
Plus, how are they going to work that out?
Wasn't the original Excitebike kind of borked because there was a load-save mode?
Well, they could fix that.
Yeah, the original Excitebike was a disc game.
And then when they put it on the cartridge, like, it just flat out didn't work when they released it.
Yeah, but didn't they fix that, I thought, when it even came to the virtual console, though?
Maybe.
I can't remember.
Maybe somebody in chat.
This is why we have a live chat room.
Somebody will jump in here in a moment.
But anyway, let me give you some more details.
Excitebike 3D Classic will be free.
After 30 days, you know how much that will set you back?
Six bucks.
That's retarded.
That's a bunch of tacos.
Well, it's the $5 NES game plus a dollar premium.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Also, Game Boy Ports, Super Mario Land, Alleyway, and Radar Mission will all be out on day one.
DSi and DSi XL owners will be able to transfer most of the DSiWare purchases to the system.
There are some things that are not going to be transferable.
I believe all of it has to do with licensed things like the Domo-kun games don't transfer over because they probably weren't licensed for more than the one console.
Yeah, they just came out over here.
I didn't know they did either.
It might only be a Japanese thing.
IDK.
Well, DSiWare.
Obviously, I'd never really downloaded any DSiWare stuff.
Hold on, though.
This is huge.
Pokdex 3D, a virtual compendium of Pokmon from black and white.
It is a free download.
It will allow you to just look up all the information in the world on the Pokmon 3D models.
StreetPass functionality You unlock random Pokemon by exchanging data I don't know if that ties into BlackWire I don't think it does It's something to do with the Pokedex And QR code support You take a picture of your friend Set it as a background layer Snap a picture of a QR code to introduce a Pokemon
Like what?
Whatever.
I think it's also got the AR cards or whatever support so you can do the 3D models or whatever.
I gotta admit, it sounds... I just can't wait for all the fucking mudkips because you know it's just a matter of time before we get Oprah introducing mudkips.
Dr. Wily's Revenge
Kirby's Dream Land, Baseball, and Phantasm, which was called Avenging Spirit over here.
Downtown Special, Kunikun no Jikaigeki Daio Zenin Shugo.
It's a River City Ransom spinoff with Samurais.
Also in Japan... You just said the magic word, Kunio.
Also in Japan on June 7th, Excitebike 3D, Mystery PI, 3D Block Breaking, and Xevious will be released as well, which I played at last year's E3, and it was the background on one layer and the sprites on the front layer.
Europe gets Excitebike, Alleyway, Mario Land, and Tennis every Thursday will Europe see more games on the 3DS so there you go all those announcements out now so they don't have to talk about it at the press conference because they will be spending all of their time undoubtedly talking about not just the new console but I'm sure they will first parade out Skyward Sword for an update they'll parade out 3DS titles including the Mario title and maybe some surprises there on the 3DS and then
easily half to two thirds will be about whatever this cafe thing is.
Salacious Pop in our chat room says, look under your seat.
It's a mudkip.
You get a mudkip and you get a mudkip.
Everyone's getting a mudkip.
Yay.
Is there a bee Pokemon?
All right, forget it.
Well, how about some other news for Nintendo?
The DS Lite actually today has a price reduction.
It's gone down to $99.
Sucks for all of you that bought one yesterday.
Yep.
But I guess they're just trying to clear out inventory.
Who knows?
But the games are still the games.
They're not getting a price reduction.
Pro tip, I saw them Foursquare.
I know you stopped using Foursquare, but there is a pretty good deal on it still.
Check into Toys R Us and you get, buy one, get one half off on DS and 3DS titles.
Huh.
Pro tip.
Pro tip.
Okay.
Um, which I don't think I got into it on this show.
I was talking about it more on the Bobby call at the end of his show.
But, uh, I'm convinced whatever this Nintendo controller is, their little touchscreen thing, um, I was saying on Bobby's show, you know, Nintendo's been making touchscreen controllers for about five, six years now.
It's called the DS.
And, uh, the bottom half of that, that's gonna be your controller.
It's a touchscreen with buttons.
You've had one all along.
It would be amazing if the DS would just work as a controller, but let's not.
Let's not.
There'll be a special new button or there'll be something extra on this thing Oh, Rob Alright Moving on Loki
Freestyle Games, you may remember them from such series as DJ Hero.
Well, thankfully they are not dead, which is good.
Apparently though, I guess they have confirmed 35 positions will be lost, but they still have a strong partnership with Activision, and they are currently working on a new innovative unannounced project.
and it says of course they plan to share details about those projects or said project in the next coming months it's good to see that they're still around hopefully we'll get at least a DJ Hero 3 out of them yeah that would be cool I would appreciate that Rama's correcting me on something in the chat room nope you get your money back if there's a price drop within two weeks of purchase you get the difference back well now that really depends on what store you buy it at but okay fine I'll play your game here and say sucks for those that bought it 15 days ago
But why are you buying a DS now?
I mean, seriously, buy something else.
The 3DS will slowly add value before Christmas.
Before Christmas, you're going to see... And there will be... Like, you're going to probably see the Netflix on 3DS in action and some of this at the...
I think the 3DS is going to see a lot more added value before Christmas time.
It's just us early adopters.
We got Street Fighter, Pilotwings, Ridge Racer, IDK, Steel Diver, and that's Zelda.
Oh yeah, Zelda.
A game we played 10 years ago.
It was overrated then.
For the love of God, publishers, stop making your old games.
Making an old game HD is not a fucking new game.
Who remembers a company called Origin?
Do you remember this company?
Origin, I believe, didn't they have the Ultima games back in the day?
The only Origin I know of is the cosmetic company.
Well, Origin, yeah, they did the Ultima games, which was huge.
Get this, EA bought Origin Systems some time ago.
It was like 20 years ago they bought it.
It was a long time ago.
They're bringing back the brand, so to speak, or at least the name, with a direct-to-consumer gaming platform.
E.A.
Store
Star Wars The Old Republic is supposedly going to be downloadable only on Origin.
Origin will have its own application, which you can find, connect with friends, blah, blah, blah, download, play PC games.
Basically, they're doing everything that Steam's doing, trying to get a little more competition in space because let's face it, the games for Windows Live thing really hasn't, you know, just...
Broke through like I think Microsoft was hoping it would.
Apparently the service is also going to work on mobile devices.
Scrabble, mobile versions of Battlefield 3, all of that will be on the...
Origin Store as well.
Speaking of Ultima, randomly, I did read an article that Ultima 4 is now free to play online.
So if you want to go back and play a classic RPG, it's ass hard too.
It's just really a difficult title.
The NES version really dumbed it up and it still was really hard.
I would check out Ultima 4.
That's what RPGs were when I was a kid.
And we liked it.
More information, I'm sure, at EA's press conference, which is at 1230 Pacific, 330 Eastern on Monday.
on right now is the Orange Lounge Radio Mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and DarkSakura will dive in, pick a few of her favorites and read them right now on the air.
Well, we got a bunch, so I'm only going to read four and I picked them at random and I didn't pick any that were by the same person.
Okay.
So that was my criteria.
So if you're not getting read, don't worry, I probably...
And you shouldn't get butt hurt if you're not getting read.
I mean, I don't want to sound like we have ego here, but we do have a nice listenership.
We appreciate everybody that listens, but when you all email us at once, we can't read it all or it would be a seven hour show.
It's nothing personal, but I would like to say that if you've got something to send us, just do it in one email.
I don't care if it's really long.
I would prefer the one email.
So this one comes from Holly.
Exactly how stupid is this guy who complained about it?
And it's actually about the Portal 2 being offending.
Seriously, GLaDOS is the villain.
Wheatley is the villain.
They're supposed to make you feel bad and insult you.
My husband is 200 pounds overweight and he found the fat jokes absolutely hilarious.
Why?
Because they are villains.
I think too, God, this was an ugly story last week, but yeah, I mean, GLaDOS was very, you couldn't take GLaDOS seriously.
You know what I mean?
Like, the way the character was built.
And Wheatley was designed to be the dumbest moron that ever lived, end quote.
To me, that whole thing was just sensationalist media.
And it's just unfortunate.
Like, yeah, people are going to get offended, but you know what?
We all get offended at weird things.
They were completely the news, quote, professionals.
Did they ever respond to you, by the way?
No.
Of course not.
Highly unprofessional.
Don't believe anything that they say.
More emails.
This one comes through the website.
Just wanted to get your opinions on some things.
What did you think of the original Goldeneye 007 and Perfect Dark?
I myself enjoy these games quite a bit because I'm a big fan of first-person shooters.
Keep up the good work, sincerely, CD Thunder.
Well, they both made me throw up.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Goldeneye was simply a landmark title.
It did so much for first-person shooters.
That's why they tried to imitate it on the Wii and try to hit gold twice, but it just wasn't the same.
And that's the unfortunate thing with a lot of these retro updates.
It's just not the same.
Well, the first Goldeneye came out, what, 15 years ago?
No, not that long.
Well, whenever the movie was out.
It was the late 90s.
So I guess it's the difference between...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Just saying.
Well, we got another one through the website.
This is from Calru.
I understand that the news is trying to blame the game... Okay, this is probably more about the portal thing.
I understand that the news is trying to blame the game for poor dialogue and DarkSakura was blaming the news channel for their poor investigation, but neither of you guys really looked at the real issue.
And that is the rating...
This person is using such horrible grammar.
There's no punctuation in here.
There's none but one ellipse.
Okay, anyway.
So the game was rated E10+, and should have been rated T. So a lot of the concepts in the game seem to be a little over the head of a 10-year-old, so let's stop blaming games and blame the rating system.
Well, yeah, the rating system is shit anyway, but I knew what adoption was when I was 10.
I didn't, you know...
It doesn't matter.
I actually think the emailer has a wee bit of a point, but at the same time, it's no rating board's responsibility to fill the role of a parent.
And I don't know.
It's a really tough call.
I get this perspective a lot.
Even though you might have known what it was when you were 10, I can see where maybe there wasn't enough warning that, hey, there might be some jokes that are going to go over a 10-year-old's head.
and maybe this game really should be only played by teens and up.
Like, I gotta be honest.
Would I let my kid play Portal?
I would.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't think it's really dangerous.
But that's... But then again, I don't have these sensitivities to watch out for.
I got a baby to stop crying by playing Portal 2.
Seriously.
Dan's cousin was over here and her baby was crying in her lap so I asked if I could hold him and then I held him while I was playing Portal 2 in my lap and he thought it was amazing.
Let me put it this way as far as this email goes.
It's a fair argument.
I'm just not sure I agree.
But I think it's a valid counterpoint.
I'll give you that.
I can see it.
I mean, I honestly think that they should just rate them the way they do movies.
Then people would get it because apparently, I honestly think that a lot of people, especially ones who are not gamers and that are parents now, don't want to understand it.
They want other people to do their thinking for them and that's not acceptable.
So honestly, if you've got to answer a difficult question because you didn't do any research into the game, guess what?
That's on you.
Tricky Tricky.
Is there more to the email?
We have one more.
Yay, one more.
Another one through the website.
I was picking the short ones.
A few shows ago you picked this old game called Phantasmagoria.
I remember playing it when I was 15 and absolutely loved it.
Soon after that I played Gabriel Knight, The Beast Within.
After thinking back of those games, I started to wonder if there are any recent games out there that are point-click horrors.
All I've seen so far are mysteries and unfortunately it's more aimed at children.
I want my horror and gore.
Sad face.
Toodles, Syl.
I love Syl.
Yeah.
Syl lived in Amsterdam.
I don't know if she was in the capital of Holland, but she was in Dutch country and then she moved to Britain not that long ago.
She's not in London, but she's in another part of the country.
And yeah, we had her on Horde House a couple weeks ago.
She hosts the Girls Gone Wow podcast, which is a lot of fun.
You should go on that show.
Except at the time they tape, it's probably like 3 a.m.
over here.
If they do it on a weekend and I don't have school the next day, then whatever.
But anyway, back to the question itself.
Phantasmagoria.
Yeah, there really hasn't been a game like that in a long time.
The Silent Hill game on Wii was kind of point-and-clicky, but not quite.
I'm gonna do a quick bit of research, hold on
But yeah, I mean, if you want to go to the console side, I mean, Silent Hill games still have the gore and the fun stuff.
And not just Silent Hill, but Resident Evil.
What are some of the other big horror franchise series we have?
Point and click games, scary games.
We have Monster Basement 2.
We have Abandoned 2, Dead End Hotel, Haunted Trap Soul, Orchestrated Death, Inculation, Ex Mortis 3, which looks pretty gory, The Holes.
Crime Evidence 2, you know what actually game was kind of scary?
Dead Space This is actually at pointandclickgames.com You know what else actually, remember The Room?
Thank you, Salacious Pop is jumping up and down in chat I have to say this, Amnesia, because I was thinking of that game too I'm like, what's that game that was on Steam on sale?
But you had Amnesia Yeah, Amnesia is supposed to be a scary as hell title that's on PCs I would check out Amnesia for sure And that's a point and click?
Do you remember the little flash game that's called The Room?
Or Crimson Room?
Or something like that, Rob?
Do you remember that?
I'm sorry, one more time.
Sorry, I was catching up on chat.
Don't Shit Your Pants
that's a whole other type of I'll see if I can find it in the chat room but that one, it wasn't really so much of a scary game per se but it was sort of like kind of imagining yourself in that situation made it frightening that's what I thought was interesting about it I love that game by the way, don't shit your pants, it's a great game is that it for emails?
okay, I think I actually found it, The Scarlet Room
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us emails.
Don't be butthurt if you don't get through, though.
It happens.
There's also the forums.
Nobody freaking posts on the Orange Lounge Radio forums, and I think we need to fix that.
We need to make that our mission this year to have some hopping forums.
So we need to encourage more discussion on the forums.
We're going to work on that.
Anyhow, that's it for the mailbag, yes?
All right, we're going to get into a game tonight, and we're going to do this with predictions.
And we're going to do this in the style of an old board game called Taboo.
Remember the game Taboo?
In Taboo, there were certain phrases that you wanted to say, but there were certain things that you didn't want to say.
So the OLR hosts, we're going to go around right now and give our predictions.
Five things you will see at E3 and five things you won't see at E3.
so for everything that you will see at E3 that is indeed announced that host will earn a point now see we can't tally this up till later in the week but for everything that you won't see that they do say there's going to be a buzz and that host will lose the point and the host with the most points by whenever we have another show next Sunday after next will win tacos
Yay!
They'll have to buy themselves.
Yes.
No, if it's not me, I will buy tacos.
If I win, then Jamie has to make me tacos.
Alright.
So, here we go.
Five things we think will happen, and five things that won't happen.
Let's start with the wills, and we'll start with DarkSakura.
Something you will see at E3 this year.
Microsoft will announce a Halo game for Kinect.
New Super Mario Bros.
Sequel Announced
Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3
Sony will talk about network security.
Sony will talk about network security.
Yes.
They'll talk about how great their online is now and all that.
They're going to toot their own horn some more.
Talk about how they're the safest.
It's going to be Sony auto fellatio.
Alright, fair enough.
Loki, something you will see.
A new Grand Theft Auto sequel will be announced.
Once again, playing it very safe.
Alright, that's right.
A new Grand Theft Auto sequel announced.
Fair enough.
I'm going to go out on a limb.
See, I'm going crazy.
I'm gonna say that the hardcore Wii title that is going to get you back to playing Nintendo I think it's gonna be Star Fox.
I think a new Star Fox game will be announced for the new whatever console it is.
I think if the whole...
DarkSakura They're going to verify the name of the new PSP The what?
of the new handheld PlayStation.
They're going to verify the name.
Yes.
This is already leaked.
I've said they were going to announce it before I realized that it had been put out.
So I said they're going to verify it.
All right.
and I'm going to have to send you the list so you can yeah you'll have to send it to me so you can pile it and Loki you'll have to do that too IDK and if you guys want to throw out your ideas in chat room chat.orangeloungeradio.com things you think will happen at E3 Loki I think that there will be a minor price drop on the Xbox 360 console and Kinect hardware announced
So like a bundle thing?
No, I'm saying they're going to drop the price of the system and they're also going to drop the price of the Kinect.
Interesting, okay.
Try to get more people on board?
Yeah, exactly, because that's what they're pushing, so it makes sense that they would try to drop the price of the console down.
Alright.
Because the last drop was...
Thanks for watching!
absolutely not Star Wars because we've already had that and I think this time they've already done like some of the other big franchises so I think this time Soul Calibur 5 will have Capcom and I'm saying this because of the whole kind of we see them working together in Tekken cross Street Fighter and Street Fighter cross Tekken the one that comes to mind right away Dante I think Dante will be a character in Soul Calibur 5 that's my prediction okay two more Dark Sakura
Mine was more Portal 2 download content.
More Portal 2 download content.
Alright.
Oh, like Valve will show off the user creator stuff?
Yeah, there'd be that.
Maybe new maps that they did.
More fun.
Alright.
Loki?
This is kind of retarded, but new Animal Crossing game announced.
Oh, so you think that's going to be the Nintendo title that comes out the gate?
That'll be a 3DS title for sure.
Oh, you think it'll be a 3DS thing?
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm going to say that Valve will show Defense of the Ancients 2, which I think is a risky pick for me because I think Valve has pretty much said they're not showing anything already, but I kind of think this game is ready to be shown more of because it's kind of their next big thing they've got in the pipeline, so I think Defense of the Ancients 2 is going to show up at E3.
and one more prediction to round out the five.
DarkSakura.
Ooh, I broke from IRC.
Darn it.
DarkSakura.
There was... Well, Loki already said it, but it was on my list, so I'm going to say it anyway.
An Xbox 360 price drop.
That's fine.
If somebody's list is duplicated, that's fine.
In fact, I will say one of the things that you said will show at E3, I have in my will not.
So this is going to get interesting.
Alright, um...
My... Oh, sorry, Loki, you're fifth and final.
DS Titles on the new Nintendo system will be on their virtual console or download service, whatever the hell they're going to call it.
Say it, virtual console.
So, DS Titles on new Nintendo system, virtual console.
Sorry, Blackwolf posted in chat a picture from E3, and I saw those same creatures in what Miklatov sent me.
Those are the Rage creatures.
Yeah, I saw there was a thing on Kotaku where they were all boxed up or whatever, and they're setting them up.
Okay.
My last one on my list is, I'm going to go for kind of an easy one.
Nintendo will demo 3D Netflix.
I think this is a big thing that they're going to be showing at E3, and they're going to be showing 3D Netflix.
Did we disconnect?
I think we did.
My Win app has crashed.
I'm still on IRC Hold on, we're going to keep recording for the sake of the podcast But we are not broadcasting right now Hold on, just keep going I think I'm still up No, I know you guys are connected The Winamp crashed over here That's what's wrong I'll say something in the chat room Okay Good old live radio and the pitfalls of it Okay, we should be connected again
So to recap, do you have all your five written down?
Let's recap the five things we think will happen.
So DarkSakura, your list again.
A Halo game for Kinect, network security from Sony, verifying the name of the PSP, or whatever, NGP, Vitamin, more Portal 2 download content, and Xbox 360 price drop.
Okay, Loki, the five things you said will happen.
In no particular order, minor press drop on the Xbox 360 console and Kinect hardware, a new Animal Crossing game announced, a new Grand Theft Auto game announced, and a new Super Mario game announced, and I mean like a new Super Mario Brothers, because that's kind of confusing and redundant, and then DS titles on the new Nintendo system virtual console.
Okay, and then my list of five things you will see.
Diablo 3 announced for a console.
Star Fox announced as the hardcore Wii title.
The Soul Calibur V bonus characters are Capcom inspired.
Think Dante.
Valve will show Defense of the Ancients 2 and Nintendo will demo 3D Netflix.
Okay, so let's go to the five things you won't see.
So if these things are said, the host loses a point.
They get buzzed like in Taboo.
So...
Let's see what the five things that we're putting on the card that they won't say.
DarkSakura, what's your first one?
No Final Fantasy VII Remake.
I think that's a very safe bet.
Everyone puts that on the I want to see it list every year and it's not going to happen.
Yep.
I think that's a good one.
Alright, so yep, no Final Fantasy VII.
Loki?
This would make me sad, but no Excite Truck sequel.
Probably not going to happen.
I actually put on my list, Sony will not acknowledge the PlayStation outage directly.
DarkSakura, your next one.
My next one is, and this makes me sad, Half-Life 2 Episode 3 will not be announced.
Nothing.
Loki?
I was going to say the new Nintendo I don't even know if they're going to announce the price, but the new Nintendo system will not be under $250.
Now that's a good guess.
What do you think it will cost?
$299?
I think it's going to be $299.
The controllers are going to be a lot more expensive.
Prices are going to be difficult, but they're going to have to justify it somehow.
I think the controllers will be $79.
$79.99.
$79.99 and they're going to be half a DS.
My list, my number two thing on things you won't see, Killer Instinct.
Sorry.
File that in the fanboy wank category too.
And there's been rumblings this year that it's supposed to come back.
No.
No.
Enjoy your Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter remakes and all this because that's as good as it's going to get.
DarkSakura?
No new Microsoft or Sega system.
Ha ha ha ha!
Well, you know, people, there's rumors every year about a Microsoft portable, so DarkSakura's saying, nope, not happening.
Loki?
Um... I would have to say probably that they're...
There's not going to be the 1 vs. 100 type thing anymore.
They're not going to announce some sort of community gaming type thing.
No more community games.
Okay, fair enough.
I'm gonna say that one thing you won't see a Final Fantasy 14 release date for PlayStation 3 you will see big pushes on 13 2 instead they're gonna just it's not that they're gonna try to erase that 14 ever happened but they're gonna push 13 2 before they try to revisit 14 I think DarkSakura Sega will make a good Sonic game that's something you won't see yep
That's a good one.
That's going to be hard to see.
We'll have to see what the feedback is on the show floor, I suppose.
All right, Loki?
You will not see a new Dance Masters game.
Probably not.
Would you go so far as to say you will not see a non-DDR Konami dance game?
uh a non-DDR Konami dance game yes I would say I go that far okay all right uh funny enough my number four is about a music game as well I don't think you're gonna see a DJ game from Harmonix and when I say DJ game from Harmonix I mean one that involves a turntable controller because it could be that the new obviously whatever Harmonix makes is going to be music based but I don't want that interpretation to be too loose I'm talking turntable and keys not happening
I think Harmonix is going to go somewhere new with something you haven't thought of.
And let's see, DarkSakura, let's wrap up the list.
Number five.
Duke Nukem booth dudes.
As in, like, you know, scantily clad men.
What if there is a Duke Nukem?
Would that count?
That doesn't count.
All right.
I said, like, you know, like, scantily clad dudes.
Okay, fair enough.
Loki?
This is going to be kind of a risky one, but... And not including, because I know that these are coming out, because I look at this kind of stuff.
Not including these greatest hits, re-releases, or third-party games.
You will not see any new first-party PSP games.
No new first-party PSP games.
That's a...
And I'm talking about actual UMD discs.
I'm not talking about some stupid download content.
I'm talking first party UMD PSP games.
BlackWolf in our chat is calling shenanigans on the fact that you have a Konami thing on your list and they already did a press conference.
However, I'm actually going to back you up because that doesn't mean it was everything.
Because we don't know what Nintendo's got.
And anything that Konami's making for the new Nintendo system is under wraps.
and I would stand by the fact that just because they didn't say it in their little pre thing doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Like Glee Karaoke Revolution wasn't in their thing.
Guarantee you there's another one of those coming.
So I'm going to allow it even though it's probably a safe bet.
It will still count for tacos.
Alright, and my last answer, this is a duplicate and it's a painful one, but I also put, you will not see Half-Life Anything.
Sorry, Alan.
I actually wrote it just like that.
Half-Life Anything.
Sorry, Alan.
Yeah, I thought of Alan when I put that on there.
But when I was at work, I would plug in my little iPhone and listen to all the dialogue through Half-Life 2, through all the episodes.
And that's how I got through Half-Life.
Nice.
Because I didn't really play much at home, so I got to hear the entire game.
So I was like, I want more!
What happens? !
All right, let's recap the five buzz things, the things that will cause a host to lose a point if it happens.
DarkSakura.
My list, dun-dun-dun, is no Final Fantasy VII remake, Half-Life 2 Episode 3 will not be announced, no new Microsoft or Sega systems, Sega will make a good Sonic game, and Duke Nukem booth dudes.
Loki?
Loki?
The Excite Truck sequel is not happening.
The Nintendo system will not be under $250.
No community games on 1 vs. 100 stuff.
No Dance Masters game or non-DDR dancing game from Konami.
And no first-party PSP UMD games.
Alright, and on my list of five things you won't see, Sony will not acknowledge the PlayStation outage directly, Killer Instinct, Final Fantasy 14 release date for PlayStation 3, you'll see big pushes on 13.2 instead, you will not see a DJ game from Harmonix, meaning one with a turntable and buttons, and you will not see Half-Life anything.
Sorry, Alan.
All right, so we'll see what develops.
Next week, I've got to bring in the actual buzzer when we do the recaps.
Uh-oh.
We've got one.
Sounds of Failure has the Family Feud buzzer.
Oh, yeah, there's the sound effects thing that Tyra Claw gave me like a year ago with all the failures.
You know, I use that on Tonic Insanity.
We use it for Dan Shadow.
Every time he makes a joke, we play Sad Trombone.
Oh, yeah, there it is.
It's bookmarked right here.
Sound Effects of Failure.
So here you go.
Oh, sorry.
So when they say, hey, it's a Sonic game that doesn't suck.
Oh, DarkSakura.
I like that when you click it, then it does the X. That's funny.
I like the toilet flush too.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We got to get the FUs of the week done because if we don't get our angst out, then I don't know what happens, but something bad.
I accidentally kicked Loki.
Oops.
I tried to voice him and kicked him instead.
Um, fuck you to Sally Hansen's Miracle Nail Thickener.
It doesn't work and it bubbles and it stinks really bad too, so thank you Sally Hansen Company for taking $5 of my money.
Fuckers.
And also fuck you to feeling like crap in my intestines all day from eating all those delicious cupcakes last night.
Damn it, Rob.
Why'd you have to bring those delicious orange cupcakes?
They were orange creamsicle cupcakes.
I knew you would love them because they tasted like the blood orange Pinkberry.
They were better.
Well, they were a little sweeter.
They tasted like creamsicles.
By the way, I'm writing a high this week because Pinkberry tweeted me this week.
And they did tell me the blood... They told me personally on Twitter the blood orange will be back.
DarkSakura.com
God, I wish they didn't close at 10 on Sundays.
All right, my FU of the week goes to lack of Pinkberry.
My FU of the week goes to the thing freezing up and dumping the listeners for like 10 minutes and I didn't even realize it because we weren't connected in chat still.
And my FU of the week goes to me for not trying harder to do E3 this year.
I think in retrospect I probably should have done it.
I'm really looking forward to this whole coverage and kind of trying something different.
But, I don't know, it's going to be sad kind of missing all the atmosphere of E3 But at the same time, my wallet says, thank you But, Disneyland I know, there is Disneyland, that's going to rock It's a small world
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and me who gets bad vertigo and hates roller coasters can do California Screamin' just fine.
And then, or Tower of Terror.
I cannot, no, I can't do Tower of Terror.
I tried Tower of Terror.
I'll take Bobby on Tower of Terror.
Dan will go on Tower of Terror.
I love Tower of Terror.
Dan's in the other room saying, I'll go on Tower of Terror twice.
Dan, I scream like a girl on Tower of Terror.
No, when I came off of Tower of Terror, I was so dizzy that I could not walk straight, okay?
Back to FUs of the week.
Sorry, Loki.
FU to Disneyland talk.
I guess... I don't know.
FU not being able to go to E3, because I really would have liked to have gone to E3.
Not necessarily to be able to see all the wonderful booths and stuff, because I'd be in my own hotel room.
Being able to sleep all night long.
Oh, how I wish I could sleep all night long.
You should have thought about that before you had a baby.
Sorry.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
but it's a given that babies wake up at 3 in the morning hungry or poopy or have to pee or that they want mommy all the time not really actually all of our friends don't have a problem with that it's baby nature it's just that our child decides hey you know what I need to be swaddled still at 10 months I wake up at 3 in the morning sometimes screaming whatever you know we moved him into his own room so that's also an additional bit of fun um
and DarkSakura.
Yes, so this is kind of cool.
You know, there's been a lot of rumors that there's going to be gaming coming to the Apple TV device, but everyone seems to forget, hey, you know what, there's other things out there that you can stream movies onto.
And now Rovio is actually negotiating with developers to create games specifically for their Roku box.
and it will I guess be TV based games you know casual stuff and they haven't really said how the controller is going to work I guess it may be the new boxes or whatever can come with a controller but it's kind of neat though to see the gaming is coming to everything I mean I'm sure it won't be long before we're just you know having internet enabled TVs that you're playing games off of without any sort of additional software yeah on live
Without any additional software.
Well, the boxes.
Well, I understand that.
I'm talking about internet-enabled TVs.
Alright, alright.
Whatever.
Alright, so would you be interested in a Roku box?
No.
I had a feeling.
Why would I?
There's no reason.
Alright.
Let's move on.
You poor guys are bullying Bobby into writing the ride.
No, no.
I'm just being honest because keep in mind the first time I read California Screamin' I wrote it in the middle and got sick as fuck.
At least we'll go on Toy Story Midway Mania and that ride is amazing.
It is.
But when I started riding California Screamin' in the front car, never got sick again.
But it's the same like being in the front seat of the car.
I get motion sick in the back seat but in the front seat I'm fine.
All right, one more story for you guys before we get to the Skype line.
This story is about Animal Crossing, but it might not be what you're expecting.
It's a story that Kotaku ran earlier this week, and I guess it was kind of from another site called AntiPixelante.com.
Here's the deal.
It's a story about...
I don't even know where to go here with Animal Crossing.
So these people at AntiPixelante actually combed the website to find what Animal Crossing characters were most popular on Rule 34.
And believe it or not, there were 59 pornographic images of the Stitch Lady that helps you do the cross, make your own patterns.
It was named Hazel?
Yeah, Hazel.
So Hazel was the most popular character with 59 pornographic images.
Next up, and I'm surprised he wasn't number one, Tom Nook was second place with 30.
And then the other, well, it's Abel and Mabel or something like that, isn't it?
The Abel sisters.
The Abel sisters.
The other Abel sister had 15.
Mabel and Sable.
and then KK whatever he is.
So did KK.
Was 13.
And then I don't even know who that last chick is at 9.
That's the hair style.
Oh, it's the hair lady.
Alright.
Now, if you want to know what animals showed up the most.
That raccoon cock.
This actually gives me a whole new incentive to play Animal Crossing again.
I want to make the most offensive village possible.
We almost did that with mine.
Remember?
I had the town lesbian.
And we had people running around saying cocksucker.
Yes, they show this posting of a board where somebody has written, you know how you can write your own messages on the board in town?
Nook special.
We've got a very special item in today.
Yes, it's Nook's fat raccoon cock.
Come check it out at Nookington's.
Anyhow, what villagers were most shown in compromising positions?
Believe it or not, 15 different cats compromising 138.
Tabby was number one at 36 porno images.
Am I really reporting on this of Tabby?
I think you are.
Six different wolves, 111 humans, four different elephants, ten bunnies, nine squirrels, and seven dogs.
Dogs only shown 20 times.
The mummy dog was in seven different pornographic images.
Well, people like the bandaged up people.
I don't know what to say about that anymore.
I'm looking.
God bless the internet.
That's the only thing I can think of.
I'm trying to find where the pictures are.
The actual pictures are not there.
You have to go to that Rule 34 and I'm a little afraid to go to that site.
Alright, fine.
You know what?
Fine.
I will fucking go to Rule 34.
Only because I'm on Jamie's computer.
My computer, that's the Orange Lounge computer.
That's the one that our listeners built us.
Okay, then I'm going on the listener computer.
Let's see, what is this website here?
Rule 34, there we go.
And I'm going to copy.
I'm just really afraid of what I'm about to see when I go to this website.
This could be worse than Two Girls, One Cup.
And I'm waiting for it to load.
There's an Animal Crossing movie?
And let's see, okay, I'm going to search.
Oh yeah, I have that already.
Do they have it subtitled?
I think I've got it subtitled somewhere
TigerCon chatroom says, Sky, you do realize what you're getting yourself into, furry porn.
Look, it's my job to be an objective reporter, and if there's news out there... I'm the one that posted that link.
We always gotta have something pornographic.
What did you want to say about it?
What I want to say about it?
Typical internet.
I mean, come on.
Seriously, if it's gonna be a character, they're gonna have sex with somebody.
This stupid website's timing out, I think, because we're trying to do a show.
Like, I'm searching for Animal Crossing and nothing's happening.
There's images, though.
Someone on Yahoo Answers said... What was it?
Actually asked to see if it had been done yet.
This website kind of sucks.
Well, on the... There's a Rule 34 with two ad-ads doing it.
This is great.
All right, forget it.
This segment's going nowhere.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to give us a call, we will chat about whatever.
Please not Rule 34, for the love of God.
Again, 877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Meanwhile, how about last-minute stories?
Rob, look.
uh yeah uh apparently there's you know of course the Kinect Star Wars game is being shown um by the way the Kinect Star Wars game based on the video footage that we've seen so far looks very terrible uh lag-tastic fun uh also apparently there is going to be a uh Disneyland Adventures game for Kinect where you run around Disneyland and ride rides and stuff like that sounds like a game that you two would be picking up yeah
This is kind of awesome.
Wow, that's awful.
There is a modder for Super Smash Bros.
Brawl that made a mod for that replacing Solid Snake with Conan O'Brien.
In fact, he even does his string dance at the end of the round.
It's awesome.
I don't know if there's a place you can download that.
forms.kc-mim.com slash gallery slash brawl or slash brawlview.php question mark number 1000 I'm sure people are writing this down furiously well you know what they download the podcast and they can go back and rewind it and stuff like that and get everything number equals 19,277 alright or just go search on Kotaku you can find it interesting
also the Metal Gear and Zone of Enders those collections will actually be downloadable as well so if you don't want to purchase the box sets and maybe you only want one title in HD you can download those I believe separately so that's going to be kind of neat I found you subtitled Animal Crossing on YouTube and linked it to you awesome I will share it with everybody
And then, let's see, is that just the trailer or is that the whole movie?
Looks like it's the whole movie.
Very cool.
Let's see.
Also, I was going to talk about here.
Apparently, Mad Catz, you know, following the footsteps of Red Octane, are actually becoming game publishers themselves.
They have launched Thunderhawk Studios and they are developing a flight sim game.
Neat.
Okay, I did a search on the whole Animal Crossing and Tom Nook and nothing came up.
I found one image of Tom Nook and Tom Nook.
Did you go to 4chan?
I'm definitely not going there on DarkSakura's show computers.
I don't know what we'll affect it with.
We have a call.
We have a call.
Have fun digging through that.
We have a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
I'm just trying to stop all the Animal Crossing talk.
That's all.
Hi, Bobby.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
Are you excited for E3?
I don't know if I'm excited more for E3 or not going on California Screamin'.
Yeah, I'm trying to get them to stop picking on you, but you should be glad my friend Victoria isn't going because she says, I have a rule.
You go on every ride once, and if you don't like it, you never have to go on it again.
But I'm a little more forgiving.
If somebody says, no, Rob, I'm really not going on it, I'm like, okay, whatever.
I did that.
I'm not going to bully.
I went on Tower of Terror and it sucked.
I don't want Bobby to barf.
So if he's going to barf, he's not going on it.
I wouldn't barf.
What it is is I do have a medical condition and I will pass out.
and I don't want to pass out and Disney doesn't want me to pass out because then they escort you out of the park.
Yes, you will have to hydrate him and watch over him if he passes out because you forced him to go on that ride.
Alright, Dan's like, then we get to go backstage.
Alright, look, we're playing the little game tonight about things you will see and things you won't see at E3 and you're calling shenanigans on Loki's list, I know.
Yes.
So, Bobby, I'm going to put you on the spot.
I won't make you name five, but tell me something you think we will see, maybe that we missed.
Something we will see and something we won't see.
Well, I mean, the won't see is... Actually, I had a call on my show tonight that asked me, you know, what would you not see there?
And I said a new Space Quest.
Or really, any new Sierra adventure titles.
I think that's a pretty fair guess, yeah.
Because, I mean, I can't see Activision resurrecting King's Quest or anything like that.
Well, haven't we had the Telltale King's Quest games were announced?
Didn't that come out a few months ago?
Yeah, but we won't see it at E3.
Hmm.
I'm going to get my buzzer ready.
I'm not playing.
All right, all right, fine, fine.
We'll see, we'll see.
All right, what about something that will happen?
Something that will.
I'm, you know, it's kind of hard because, like, I've seen a lot of the stuff that, you know, kind of is going in and stuff.
What we will see, I think we will...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Now what I want to see is I want to see them do Pac-Man vs. as one of the demo games.
They could.
They could re-release all that stuff that they did for the Game Boy Advance Kinect cable that nobody ever played.
They can?
They will because that's Nintendo.
Oh, well that's easy.
Let's do it that way.
The only one that probably wouldn't happen is Crystal Chronicles because that wasn't first party.
That was a weird game.
I liked it, but it was weird.
It wasn't really Final Fantasy.
It was just kind of in that storyline, I guess.
All right, well, any other thoughts for us, Bobby, before we talk to you again on Tuesday live from Los Angeles?
Okay, so I'm supposed to look for large chibis, and I'm supposed to look for Duke Nukem booth dudes.
Yes.
Okay.
So can I provide the buzzer if I find the booth dudes?
Yes, you can.
Because I have found, they usually do have somewhere the scantily clad muscular guys.
Right.
Now, the question is, are they going to be advertising Duke Nukem?
We'll find out.
So get that buzzer ready.
And yes, I give you full permission to buzz DarkSakura if that happens.
It's like you're going to buzz me, I'm sure.
All right, yes.
Did you go by Telltale's booth?
I don't think they have a booth.
I don't think they do at E3 either.
They do at PAX.
Yeah, they do PAX, but they don't get a booth at E3.
If there is a King Quest thing, they'd be probably shown at an Activision's booth because they own the IP.
Oh, that's right.
It's like a joint thingy.
Okay.
Well, Bobby, we'll talk to you more on Tuesday.
Have a safe flight tomorrow.
Thank you, and no more Rule 34 talk.
Come on, guys.
All right, we'll try.
Be professional.
We'll try.
How long have you been listening to this show?
About seven years.
All right.
Take care, Bobby.
See ya.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio if you want to call and talk.
More porn talk.
No, I'm kidding.
What about more last-minute stories?
I want them to do an Animal Crossing that actually has a huge world like in the anime because I started watching anime and it's actually pretty good.
Ubisoft.
I'm sorry.
See, this is the type of thing I'd usually expect from Ubisoft.
But here's one of Activision's big announcements that they're going to be making.
Activision Publishing and Sega Toys, they have created Wappy Dog.
Wappy Dog is basically an AIBO ripoff for the Nintendo DS.
And it will allow you to interact with the robot dog in the game.
And you will be able to...
Does Wappy Dog come with Jacka Cat?
No, I don't think so.
That's what it sounds like to me.
Wappy Dog.
Wappy Dog.
Wappy Dog and Jacka Cat.
Other Ocean Interactive, they have announced that they're going to be working on a new project for Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network based on the H.G.
Wells novel War of the Worlds and of course it's going to be following the events of the 1953 film and include a new story arc, characters, locations and subplots I'd actually be kind of cool to see something like this like Resistance style or something like that
As long as Tom Cruise isn't involved.
Let's go to the phones for another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku here.
Legend of Zaku.
What's up, my friend?
Nothing much.
Just getting ready for tomorrow's Case of the Mondays.
You going to sit back and watch the press conferences?
You going to have your popcorn?
Yeah, I'm going to be trying to browse it from my desk.
There you go.
I mean, I have two monitors, so I could probably pull it off on one of them.
But going on what I was trying to bring up tonight was the whole Call of Duty Elite thing, which is basically Activision's next shameless attempt at money-grabbing.
Hmm, I'm sensing you're not a fan.
No, I mean, I don't understand when other, like...
When other developers, other companies, you know, like Bungie and EA have offered these services for free, and Activision's mostly paywalling the good stuff, like videos.
I mean, what I'm sensing is that they are probably going to herald the next video game crash.
You think about it, and I bring this up because you think about how the first one happened and how this one might draw parallels to the one in 83.
Where you have one particular company just trying to rehash franchises to the point where quality degrades and fans get turned off.
I don't think another video game crash across the board is possible.
I think there is possible company failures.
I don't think forever you're going to have Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft.
One of them will fail.
You're getting to the point where Activision's literally watering down, diluting the entire first-person shooter genre.
If people, for the most...
for the most part consumers I'm not talking about the hardcore gamers the ones that consistently buy Call of Duty you know the ones that basically don't have other first-person shooters lined up aside from aside from like the side from Call of Duty Halo gears you know like the small really
I'm trying to put my finger on the demographic, but it's the type of person that wouldn't care less about what the scene thinks and more important, you know, just like instantly gratified by just explosions.
What about just like voting with your dollars?
You know, it's a concept we were talking about a lot.
I understand that it's possible, but when you have
When you have one company just giving negative connotations to one genre by just like trying to nickel and dime people every step of the way and just trying to like not really innovate then it's going to be harder for other titles to really stand out unless Battlefield 3 manages to pull an upset which I know it will because it has a lot to offer on the table.
And I think that, yeah, I don't think that's going to lead to a crash.
I think it would just be, yeah, Battlefield 3 might become the new champion, you know, or maybe... But then you might get to the point where video gamers are going to get sick and tired of actually having to deal with just mediocrity.
Okay, well, let me throw this question at you, kind of out of left field here, because you mentioned Halo as one of the games that you think has done it very well.
But we know that Activision and Bungie are partnering up.
I mean, Bungie was the first really to pioneer such a thing.
where they integrated the ability to look up your stats online and post the video straight from the console.
But Bungie and Activision are partnering up for whatever this next game is.
At least Activision is publishing it.
So do you think that the same nickel and dime extra stuff I don't really need thing is going to continue?
It's under Activision.
I mean, Microsoft didn't do that much.
Didn't even do any of that.
I know when Bungie was working with Microsoft, that never happened.
Because they were trying new ways to engage people into that genre, into that game.
and what better way than to launch the whole Halo Waypoint thing, I believe, where it allows you to interact, look up your scores, post it on Facebook.
and so forth.
But then when Activision is thrown into the mix, you have a company that's helping on just trying to monetize and maximize every single dollar out of all their IP to the point where they're willing to cut corners and sacrifice quality in the name of the almighty dollar.
Okay, let me ask this question.
We've got to wrap up and get more calls.
Let me ask this question and end on this.
What do you think they could do to make more money on the franchise that doesn't seem so nickel and dime?
Well, first of all, you shouldn't try to nickel and dime for things that have been offered for free in the past.
That whole Call of Duty Elite, many people have shrugged it off so far.
Because from what I heard, for example, on the other sites, like Otaku, for example, they basically wrote it off as just another money grab.
So they really have no hopes for this endeavor.
They really don't.
It doesn't phase them, it doesn't engage them that well, and that's getting a really lukewarm reception.
and more importantly, trying to create innovative ways to re-engage your customers.
Try not to rehash the same boring old five-hour campaign and instead offering new ways to offer balanced gameplay.
If they fix up the gameplay in multiplayer where it's not a camp fest, then they have a better shot.
We at least have one person agreeing with you in the chat room.
DarkToagak says, Activision is one shit of a company for lack of something less constructive to say.
Alright, buddy, we're going to let you go so we can try to get at least one more call tonight, but have a good one.
Alright, have a good one
Anything else you want to get out here, Loki, with last-minute stories?
Yes, Microsoft has officially announced what games they're going to be showing at E3.
This will be in their booth, including third-party stuff.
Some of it sounds interesting.
Let's see, starting off, some of these you've probably heard before.
Tomb Raider, Forza 4, Star Wars Connect, Gears of War 3, a Halo-related title.
I'm sure that's Halo Connect.
Codename Kingdoms, Sesame Street, Once Upon a Monster.
That's the new... What the fuck was it?
The new Double Fine game Elder Scrolls V Skyrim Steel Battalion Elder Scrolls V Skyrim is not supposed to be playable I wonder if maybe it's just a trailer That would be hot if they're showing that playable on the floor
Steel Battalion Heavy Armor, Alan Wake Night Springs, XCOM, Hitman Absolution, Modern Warfare 3, Spelunky HD, Ghost Recon,
Dance Central 2, Kinect Fun Labs, X-Commerce, Kinect Sports Season 2, Toy Soldier Cold War, Fable the Journey, Raving Rabbids for Kinect, another unspecified Double Fine game, Hybrid, which is an Xbox Live Arcade shooter, Roller Coaster Kinect, and Rise of Nightmares for Kinect.
Okay.
So, there's some of your announcements for E3.
Alright, let's go to the phones.
We've got another call coming in here.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
DT.
DT.
DT.
Darte Tetsuya.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, just a coming game that's finally coming out.
Hmm.
What's that?
La La Lana.
La La Lana finally has a Japanese release date.
Ha!
June 21st They're saying after E3
It's like Super Metroid or Symphony of the Night.
You've got this huge world and
I don't know, I mean I know the PC version is kind of hard but I hear they'll be adjusting that for the WiiWare version
Nintendo's new console.
I'm kind of curious to see what they've got going on with that.
If that were to actually happen, I'd die.
The show would be done because I would have died.
I think he just got chased out no he's talking with Dan they're having boy talk about something oh boys alright let's see so what would make you insanely happy if Nintendo announced on their new console like I've talked about I want an F-Zero game what game do you want?
I'm asking you don't even know
All of it.
I want them all.
I want an Animal Crossing porn game on the new cafe.
That's what I want.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
There you go.
You know what?
An Animal Crossing... La Mulana HD.
An Animal Crossing game with the Nintendo games intact would be awesome.
And I'm not talking about a new... I'm talking about a new Animal Crossing game, not this like, hey, look, we ported the same damn game over...
All right.
All right, DT, I'm going to let you go so you can go slap Black Wolf with the trout in the chat room.
But thanks for calling, and I hope La Mulana comes out soon.
Yeah, no problem.
All right.
Take care.
Actually, I'm a little worried because if La Mulana comes out too soon, then Dark Tetsuya will never finish his series on Where Are They Now that he's doing for the website.
I don't even know who he's interviewing.
It's like a secret.
So he's found blasts from OLR's past to interview on our website throughout the next month.
It's going to be interesting.
There you go.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
1-877-GAME-OLR if you, I don't know, want to leave us a voicemail or whatever.
But of course, Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send us emails every week.
Any other last-minute stories I missed, Loki, that you wanted to get to?
Or even DarkSakura?
Yeah, Carmageddon coming out as a download title.
Yay.
That's all I wanted to talk about for now.
We may have something a little later, though.
Maybe something to stay tuned after the show for.
Yes, maybe.
All right, well, anyhow, that's going to do it for another week of Orange Launch Radio.
We'll go around and get everybody's final thoughts in just a moment.
But first, I just want to say, again, thank you guys so much for downloading our show and supporting our show.
Even though I'm a little bit sad panda, I'm not going to E3 this year.
The only reason I have been able to go to E3 in the years past is because of this show and you guys really kind of fueling that fire.
So thank you guys so much.
I'm looking forward to the coverage this week and just having fun with the news and giving it its proper skewering.
or FanboyWank, whatever it deserves.
We will see.
If you like what you hear here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell friends about the show.
Tell folks on iTunes.
Leave us a nice five-star review.
By the way, there was an awesome five-star review left this week about somebody saying that he listened to the show when he was younger and he feels like he's kind of grown up with the show and I'm like, aw, warm buzzies.
so yeah leave us a nice review on iTunes you don't have to be warm fuzzy so if you don't want to or tell a friend that's what we really want just tell word of mouth is all we got we do not have a giant booth at E3 just spread the word of OLR we will be lucky if we're able to get within 50 feet of the building and you know we don't have any of the advertising dollars or whatever word of mouth is all we got so tell a friend about the show all right let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts DarkSakura your final thoughts I have to help someone move tomorrow
My final thought is I'm going to be making the popcorn and making Alan get up early to watch Microsoft's conference tomorrow.
Good times.
Loki.
Just looking forward to tomorrow and watching the conferences.
I'm really disappointed that Nintendo isn't tomorrow, but whatever.
Good things come to those who wait.
Which, by the way, I think our Winamp might have crashed again here.
That's just lovely.
Is people in chats complaining about the stream?
Because my Winamp has locked up yet again.
I'm just not having good luck today.
Yep, my app's locked.
We're down again.
Live radio.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
So let's try to reconnect.
Yeah, I think I'm about to get kicked.
I don't know, there's some type of hiccup in the line or something.
Ooh, I think your internet might just be down.
I can't even connect.
I'm still connected.
Let's go to a random website here.
I cannot get through on the server.
Yep, mine's working just fine.
Alright, so we're going to, actually what we're going to do, we're going to just, for the sake of the podcast, we'll play the credits, since we're pretty much done with the show anyway, and then we'll figure out what to do about our live listeners when we come back.
So, that's going to do it.
Thank you guys for listening to us on the podcast feed, and sorry it was a little bit of a mess tonight, but you can't really plan for things like random internet outages.
Good night, everybody.
See you Tuesday.
Tuesday at 7 o'clock.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or AllGames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
