Tonight, June 19th, 2011, more details emerge on the Wii U.
A Facebook game developer sues an alleged copycat, and a Kinect software development
kit for Windows is released.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, the
one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm unwell.
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's wrong?
Sinuses.
Aww.
I'm unwell.
I'm unwell.
Everybody say hello to Dark Sakura, also known as Manuel.
And the smartass over there in the corner, the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
I'm eating the large, unhealthy sandwich, as is tradition.
What is this unhealthy sandwich that you're eating?
It's a grinder from our very, very discounted food chain, Winco.
But it's basically an Italian sandwich on a loaf of garlic bread.
It's so good.
And it's called a grinder?
It's called a grinder.
On the iPhone, a grinder, never mind.
Anyhow, if you want to join us, the ever-present fourth guest on our show is the chat room.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com is where you can join us in our chat room and say hello, because
we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All Games Radio.
www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, and Loki is holding his sandwich
up in the air like it's a victory pose, like he's He-Man or something, or the little Zelda
noise.
Anyhow.
All right.
So, Loki, you didn't get to join us for the second E3 show, obviously.
That was the last thing that was on the feed, and we were off on Sunday, because we had
done the other E3 shows Tuesday and Wednesday.
You were here Wednesday when we talked about things like Skyrim, and I believe that was
the day that Miklotov had waited in line to play the Vita, and so forth.
Any kind of closing thoughts from you for E3, since you didn't get your chance before
Loki?
Um.
Not for John Spodley.
The play-throw's awesome, I mean.
No, I don't know, like, the PlayStation Vita, I don't really care for.
I mean, there's a lot of features to it, which is kind of cool, but I just don't know if
I really care about it too much.
I mean, there's not any games that jump out and say, oh my god, I gotta own that.
Like, you know what, Uncharted, see, I'm not a fan of the Uncharted series.
Not that it's a bad series, but I just never played them, and don't really want to play
them.
There's not enough time to play everything.
Exactly.
This isn't our day job, so.
It's all right.
I mean, it looks good.
I was unaware, now I don't remember the whole entire feature list, but I guess those things
have GPS built into them.
Yeah, I seem to remember that from the original unveiling, yeah.
I just saw that because I'm setting up the items for it, and they've got, like, some
games.
It breaks it down, you know how in the back of those PlayStation boxes, like, okay, you
need such and such space for storage, it's one player, it's online, it's blah blah blah.
Well, they actually break it down to what features of the Vita are actually used.
Like, this uses the front touch, this uses the back touch, the tilt controls, the multi-touch
on things, sliding your finger back, I mean.
So on a one to ten on the gimmick meter, this game rates a six or a seven.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Especially those launch games will make heavy use of gimmicks.
I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of gimmicky stuff on there, but I think it's got potential
as far as, you know, it's nice that that stuff is on there, just please, publishers, don't
try to, you know, just make a bunch of gimmicks.
Use it if it makes sense.
Exactly.
I mean, don't necessarily have to use the touch screen for stuff you don't, you know,
need to use it for.
I mean, buttons work just as well, I don't know.
Let me go to this comment from chatroom at chat.orangelaungeready.com where, by the way,
there's a lot of praise going on for your sandwich that sounds really good.
It is really good.
You get a picture of that.
That just looks like...
That's a half.
That's half of the sandwich.
That is a heart attack that you're eating.
That's half a sandwich.
Alright, anyhow.
So, going to chatroom, BlackWolf starts us off tonight, and this is a quote I've heard
him say several times, in fact on his own show, and I don't remember if he said it
on our E3 or whatever, but BlackWolf starts us off tonight saying, Saints Row is the video
game version of what goes on in Loki's head.
Exactly.
Pretty much.
Saints Row is basically, cause, you know, Grand Theft Auto IV really was kind of a step
away from the direction of Grand Theft Auto was kind of going.
San Andreas was just a really crazy game.
I mean, you could do so much in there.
You could do pretty much anything.
I mean, you had girlfriends you could do, you could go ride a bicycle, you can do base
jumping, you know, swim in the ocean, fly jets, you know, just wander around the desert,
go gamble, whatever.
And then, Rockstar's like, hey, you know what, we're going to make the game more realistic.
So we're taking out all the fun stuff, like the tanks, the flamethrowers, the miniguns.
We're taking that all out.
We're just going to make this game more realistic, and everyone was kind of like, eh, okay.
And then, like, as stuff, their expansions came out, you know, they started kind of bringing
that over the top stuff back, but it's still nothing to what San Andreas was, whereas Saints
Row was kind of crazy at the beginning, and then the second game was even crazier.
The third game is just, they basically, the developer was even, you know, quoted saying
before, you know, Saints Row, the, you know, activities and stuff were kind of over the
top.
Saints Row the third were making everything over the top.
Every single situation that you're in, every single battle that you're, you know, fighting,
you know, the story, everything is going to be ridiculous, just over the top.
You're going to be telling yourself, I can't believe I'm doing this right now.
And just even watching the gameplay videos, and I've linked a ton of them on Twitter,
it's just, it's awesome.
The only disappointment for me is the lack of multiplayer.
I mean, there's two player co-op in the single player campaign, but I really wish there was
like a death match or something.
Are you worried at all about this?
Because this notoriously happens at E3.
You know, we've been doing a show for nine years now, and I think out of those nine years
we've gone to like five or six E3s.
So out of those E3s, we tend to come out of there really liking one game, and then sometimes
that game will come out and it sucks.
My case in point, Nintendogs, I was so excited for Nintendogs, when it came out and it was
over in 15 minutes.
Are you worried that's what's going to happen?
No, I am absolutely confident that it's going to be an awesome game, because the other games
have been great.
And that's the thing.
It's like, you know, Saints Row, when it first came out, I'm like, well, there's no Grand
Theft Auto in the 360, so this will just have to kind of do, and you know what?
It wasn't a Grand Theft Auto clone.
I mean, it kind of started off as that, I guess, a little bit.
I mean, there was a lot of stuff it imitated, but it was its own thing.
And as the future games came out, it really came onto its own, and it's a really fun game.
Even if you're a fan of Grand Theft Auto, you really should go play Saints Row, because
it's a really fun game.
Let me ask this.
Of course, we're going to get to gaming weeks and all that good stuff, but I'm just dying
to ask this question to Loki, since we're on the topic of Saints Row the Third.
Obviously, one of the big games that came out this week was Duke Nukem Forever.
And although I think it's on our showroll to cover later in the show, it's no big surprise.
I think a lot of you know, Duke Nukem Forever has been really razzed in the gaming press
as a whole.
And a lot of it has been about, you know, just how, it's almost like the sense of humor
in the game is to that point where it's like the guy that's so drunk, he's getting really
awkward with his humor.
And a lot of people are really saying like, the humor kind of steps over a line in this
game.
But yet, some of those same people are really excited the way you are about Saints Row the
Third.
Do you think there's a discrepancy, a bit of hypocrisy going on right now in the mainstream
gaming press?
There's not hypocrisy, it's just the way they're describing the game is a little inaccurate.
Here's the problem with Duke Nukem Forever.
My main two problems with it right now, and I'm not that far into the game, are one, the
game looks very muddy.
Like, the graphics are very brown.
Yeah, I know a lot of shooters out there tend to kind of go with the brown color palette,
but this looks like they had a decent looking game and then they just splat poo all over
it.
I mean, it's just very dark, and like, even when you're playing it in HD and stuff, it
looks like you're playing it on like a really low res, you know, screen or something.
It's just the colors just look very, eh.
Did Duke literally splash poo on them?
Because I saw in the demo you can do that now, and like, Alan was playing it and making
me watch and I was like, really?
Really?
You can fling poo?
But see, that's the problem though.
Duke Nukem 3D was a very colorful game.
I mean, it wasn't, you know, it wasn't just over the top like bright and cheery and stuff,
but I mean, come on, there's a little bit of a middle ground there.
It's like they intentionally made it look like garbage, and I understand that they're
trying to poke fun at shooters being all brown, but you know what?
That's just not funny.
It's not funny, oh, haha, all those shooters are crap, so we're gonna make our game crap
too.
I mean, that doesn't make any sense.
Why would you do that?
And the load time is terrible.
The load time for the game is just ridiculously awful, and that just screams to me that they
just really rushed their way through this game, and I kind of think that they did it.
It's like they went through the motions of everything.
For example, like the first two levels or so that I played through it so far, you can
interact with everything, which is great.
You know what?
In Duke Nukem 3D, you can open doors, you can hit buttons, you can flip the light switch
on and off and stuff like that, but this is like, okay, I can turn all the showers on
and off, I can flush all the toilets, I can piss in all the toilets, I can pick poop out
of there and throw, I can draw on a chalkboard and stuff, but that doesn't make the game
good.
It's just like, you know, I'm walking through, oh, we gotta escape the building, the aliens
are attacking, and it's like, oh, or I can play pool, and I can play pinball, and I can
do this.
It's kind of pointless.
They spent all their time making all this stuff work when they really...
It sounds like the version of what we really want to do in Sony PlayStation Home.
It's like they took...
We would like to fling poo in Central Plaza.
It's like they took a really run-down car that's just completely broken, and they put
shiny rims on it, and they want to make sure those rims were extra polished, so they spent
all their time polishing those rims to make them the shiniest rims you've ever seen, but
the car is shit.
It won't drive, because it's just a shitty car, and they rush through there, oh crap,
I gotta make the car work as well.
That's really the problem, and like some of the spoilers I've heard, and you know, because
the first level of the game, of course, is him playing the video game, and he makes the
joke, oh, well, is it any good?
Well, for 13 years, it better be.
Well yeah, that's great that you poked fun at the fact that it took 13 years, but then
you spent, what, like a year and a half on this game, and it's terrible.
Okay, I gotta go to our chatroom, chat.orangemantrady.com, because we are the show where every gamer
has a voice.
Here's some voices right now.
Brakeman, a game that has been delayed for 12 years was rushed?
What the fuck?
How did they pull that off?
You see, I think it's, and I think this is obvious, I'm probably staying the obvious
here, but I think it's a gross misinterpretation to say this game was in development for 12
years.
It wasn't.
The idea has been kicked around for 12 years.
It has really been in development for like a year and a half.
But that's terrible, though.
Maybe some art, some things on paper, but come on.
But, come on, I've seen games at this company, they put out Borderlands, I mean, Borderlands
was awesome.
Take that damn engine and put it into Duke Nukem, that's all you need to do.
Just redo the assets, and it's perfect.
Salacious Pop is asking, Loki, the 360 or the PS3 console version?
Because the PS3 version is allegedly a leaps and bounds better port, and the 360 one is
toilet.
It is the 360.
Hmm.
Okay.
But I don't think that the graphics are that different.
It's the color palette and load time.
Scott Pilgrim in our chat says, Gearbox said that they were going to make the game and
nothing about it being a spectacular game.
Okay, then why even bother?
Why even bother if you're gonna, oh, well, we're just gonna finish it, I mean, we're
gonna do a shitty job.
Why would you put your name on it, then, if that's what you're gonna do?
If you're gonna just sit there and poop out a game that, you know, was half done and you're
just gonna kind of patch it all together to make sure it works, why would you even bother
doing that?
Oh, well, we did it for the fans.
Yes, the fans really want a shitty game.
That's what they've been waiting 13 years for, is a really shitty game.
Let me go to this last comment from our chat room, and then we'll go to our gaming weeks.
Kaijuto in our chat room at chat.orangelandraday.com says, I wanna know who thought this game was
gonna be good.
They delayed it 12 years for a reason.
The game would have not seen the light of day if gamers weren't crying about it for
all these years.
No, exactly.
I didn't think it was gonna be good, but it's, those are my two complaints, muddy, long load
time.
Disclaimer, I haven't played the game yet, so I don't have an opinion on it one way or
the other.
I mean, I can read the reviews, but I also know not to always trust reviews, because
they're sometimes wrong.
In fact, about a game that I'm gonna get into later during my gaming week, I think a lot
of review sites got it wrong.
But anyhow, as far as Duke Nukem Forever goes, you know, I think a big part of the reason
it came out was because of its legend status that it had in the gaming community as this
is the game you will never get to play.
And obviously, there's a love of the original Duke Nukem 3D and maybe all the way back to
the old Apogee 2D Duke Nukem with that whole crude sense of humor.
I mean, obviously, it's inspired even if it maybe crosses the line, depending on who you
are.
Anyhow, let's talk about some other games.
As we get into how is your gaming week, what are the games that you've been playing this
week?
Dark Sakura.
Well, to go back to two weeks worth of gaming, I played Kix at Flynn's, and Space Paranoids,
and Tron.
Now, Space Paranoids is funny because Space Paranoids, which is an arcade game that I
believe you can only play at Electronica, I think that's where the only thing is, it's
sitting amongst all these 80s arcades games, and it's made to look like an 80s arcade game,
but it's not.
It was something that was made kind of newer, like it's running on a PC, clearly, but it's
in a cabinet.
Yeah.
It's kind of interesting.
Yeah.
That's what it was for.
But it makes sense that they'd put it in with Electronica, because, I mean, it was the
big game when the first Tron came out, you know, in the movie.
Well, and Disney's very about getting you in the experience.
You know, like, when you go on Space Mountain, you are boarding a spaceship and about to
go through the galaxy.
Space Mountain is not a rollercoaster.
If a Disney employee ever called it a rollercoaster, they'd be sacked.
It's a spaceship.
That's how it works.
So when you go to Flynn's arcade, I mean, it's very much a detail thing, and because
Space Paranoids was a game that Kevin Flynn, that's what he made all his money developing,
right?
Like, they had to make it to beat you in that experience.
Well, to me, technically, Dillinger stole it from him, made all the money, and then,
yeah, just watched it.
Blah, blah, blah.
All right.
Fine.
This is my favorite Disney movie.
Um, we, uh, crap, what else did I play?
Oh, Black Wolf says you can actually play it online as well.
Space Paranoids Online dot com.
Thank you.
Um, I played some WoW.
I played VVVVVVV.
Mm-hmm.
Game's frustrating as hell.
I hear it's a really well-received indie title, though.
I haven't played it myself.
It's fun.
Yeah?
It's fun.
What do you do in that game?
You don't necessarily have a jump as much as you have a reverse gravity, and so to get
over traps, you have to play with gravity, either walking on the bottom or you're walking
on the ceiling.
That sounds kind of neat.
It is, but it's frustrating and a little difficult, but it took a little bit to get used to.
And um, I played some Peggle, and played some, uh, Portal.
Good times.
Portal 2, of course, right?
Yeah, Portal 2.
And then, um, we got, uh, Initial D Extreme Stage for PS3, and Dan actually has been playing
a bunch of that, but I had to go in and translate a little bit for him, because I can read enough
in that to get an idea of what menu is what, but it's very Japanese-intensive.
It's pretty good, though.
It only has, like, two songs in it and one story mode, so, but it's got, like, I think
two extra tracks than what the arcade version has.
I think the arcade version is the fourth stage game.
All I can say is hooray for Reach and Free PlayStation, right?
So you can do that stuff.
Yeah.
Alright.
Um, but it gave him an excuse to bring back out the, uh, the rig that he bought for Gran
Turismo.
And, uh, it actually works really good for, uh, the PS2 Initial D game.
Just thought I would point that out.
Alright.
Um, and then, uh, I guess that's really about it.
I know I played some other stuff, but my brain's not working, so I'm just gonna say stuff.
Alright, let's go- Oh!
World Cup Soccer Pinball.
Hell yeah.
Of course.
Of course.
Alright, let's go to, uh, Loki, and, uh, how was your gaming week?
Obviously you played some Duke Nukem.
A little bit.
Uh, yeah, a little bit of Duke Nukem.
Um, pretty much just, you know, a little bit of Duke Nukem, um, a little bit of, well,
lots of Grand Theft Auto, and, um, that's pretty much it, you know, I really didn't
play a whole lot.
Alright.
Not every week can be so exciting.
Um, I actually kind of had one of those weeks where I didn't really play a lot of new stuff.
The only new game I played is not new.
I played, uh, Little Big Planet on the PSP, because obviously this is one of the free
games that they're giving away as part of the whole Welcome Back program, so, you know,
that was one of the ones I chose to get, because I loved the original on PlayStation 3, so
I decided to get this one.
I'm not far enough into it yet where I can really review it, um, but, you know, one of
the big differences I noticed right away is that, well, obviously the graphics are scaled
down a little bit because it's on the PSP and not the PS3, but it's- they capture it
very faithfully.
Uh, there's only two planes, um, of three dimensions, not three, like you have in the
PlayStation 3 version.
There's just a front and a back in this one.
But otherwise, all the levels so far seem to be pretty faithfully recreated.
I haven't really got into the whole online stuff and the levels on there.
In fact, I can't even access that yet- now- yet, um, I was starting to wonder for a minute
if they're even there, but there's a planet for download levels, so I'll have to look
into that a little more later on and how all that works.
So, I can't really review the game, but I did play it for, eh, about an hour or so.
But the game I've been spending most of my time with, I actually revisited a game that
I started playing about 15 months ago, but I never finished.
And I think part of it was just, at that time, I was really heavy into WoW and I wasn't really
playing any other games.
Uh, and then I loaned my copy of it to Dark Sakura for like a year.
So I just got it back when we got back from the Disneyland trip this past Sunday.
And that's Final Fantasy XIII.
And I have- I started over on Final Fantasy XIII because I'm one of those people that
with an RPG, if I can't remember the story and where I was at, then screw it, I'm starting
over.
And so I started the entire game over and I have spent more time in the past week playing
it than I did in its original run when I first played it.
Uh, I'm already past the point where I was before.
So yeah, I've been having a lot of fun with that game.
And you know, that game got razzed by critics a lot when it first came out.
It was kind of mixed.
It just had a lot of mix.
And a lot of the people didn't like it because it's very linear.
And unfortunately, Final Fantasy XIII doesn't not get linear until like Chapter 10 or 11
in the story.
And I think that's one of the things that, you know, really bugged a lot of people is
that a lot of the level design is very one path.
Um, but one of the strengths of Final Fantasy XIII for me, of course, is the battle system.
I love the battle system in XIII.
It's one of my favorites.
Like the whole paradigm shifts into the different classes.
If you've never played, the battle system in XIII is like, you know, you can be a black
mage one minute and then you do like a paradigm shift and suddenly you're more of a buffing
or debuff mage.
Like I guess that would be like a, what are those, the green mages, I think, that did
a lot of that in V. And then, you know, you can switch again and you're more of like a
warrior.
It's pretty cool just flipping back and forth in the different battles.
I really like that.
And then a lot of people bitching about the characters in the game as well.
And I think, again, you know, if you stick with it, a lot of the characters don't end
up so one dimensional if you play the game for more than 10 hours of gameplay.
You know, some of the characters, like the kids are the ones that usually get a lot of
hate, uh, Hope and Vanille.
And those two characters get much more rounded out as you continue on with the game.
So, you know, I think it's worth it if you stick with it.
But at the same time, I also understand why if a game doesn't grab you right away, you're
not so inclined to want to stick with it.
I think visually, graphically, and sound-wise, there's enough to keep me entertained.
I think the graphics in this game are so freaking gorgeous, like, I can't even explain.
Like if you just, you just like to watch pretty things, there's plenty here to keep you entertained
for a while.
Uh, but I think part of the big motivator why I want to go back and play this game was
just hearing about Final Fantasy XIII-2 from E3 and it sounds like in this game they have
really addressed a lot of the things that people didn't like about the first game.
Like one of the things I noticed right off the bat were maps, even in the little trailer,
that were not linear.
Maps that showed big environments and open worlds.
So I have a feeling, uh, XIII-2 is really going to correct what a lot of people didn't
like about XIII.
But I want to be able to understand the story, so I wanted to actually just play through
XIII.
I mean, I could have just read spoilers, but I didn't really want to.
I wanted to play it.
So that's where I'm at.
Haven't beat it yet.
Hopefully by this time next week, we'll see.
I don't even know if I'm halfway through yet though.
I'm about chapter 9 or so.
So anyhow, that's it for my gaming week, at least all is notable.
Of course I play more WoW and things like that too.
But that's all I'll mention on tonight's show.
So let's move on to some housekeeping, then we'll get into the news tonight.
One big thing of course I wanted to say in the housekeeping tonight was happy Father's
Day to all the gamer dads out there, which would include Loki, it's your first, no it's,
yeah it's your first Father's Day, right?
So congratulations to you on that.
So what all chores did you get to do today?
What chores did you make your son do today?
How many diapers?
I just had to watch the baby all day and take my wife out to lunch.
No, so I said take my wife out to lunch.
Nice.
Looking at chat.orangelaunchy.com, some comments on Final Fantasy XIII.
Scott Pilgrim says, but Sky, the game gives you a brief recap though.
It does, and the data log is very impressive, but I don't know, I still just, I wanted to
start from scratch.
So I did.
I figured it wouldn't take me that long to catch up, and it didn't.
Anyhow, on the Father's Day topic too, of course, happy Father's Day to all the gamer
dads out there, or father figures, you know, if you have someone out there that considers
you their dad, then happy Father's Day to you.
Meanwhile, friend us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orangelaunchyradio, we're on Twitter
as well, twitter.com slash olr, and visit our website, orangeloungeradio.com.
It'd be nice if we had more posts in the forums there.
Anyhow, let's move on and get into tonight's news, and we'll start off with Loki.
Ah yes, news, and of course we're gonna start off talking about Wii U and some of the clarifications
on things.
Of course, everyone wants to know what's exactly in the console itself, because all the talk
was about the controller and what the controller can do, but you know, other than some videos
showing what possibly the system can do, we really didn't go into detail about the console
yet.
And it makes sense, because it's so far off that, you know, this stuff can change.
But right now, apparently the Wii U console will be using a custom Radeon GPU with a chip
similar to the R770, basically a chip that's found in some of the last generation ATI cards.
For example, like the 770 is in the 4870, which is, you know, it's a decent card.
It's better than some of the stuff that they have right now in the current gen consoles.
So it's good, but who knows, you know, by the time that these next gen consoles come
out, you know, what they're going to be packing.
But it will be able to hold up with at least the 360 and PS3 and may even be able to push
better graphics than that, so that's kind of cool.
Of course, also it came out that the Wii U will not have a DVD or Blu-ray playback, mainly
because it will actually be used in its own proprietary disk format.
And there also, you know, explains, well, Wii doesn't have DVD or Blu-ray playback capabilities
because, you know, the cost, and also they figured that enough people already have devices
that are capable of playing DVDs and Blu-ray.
Good decision on Nintendo's part or bad?
It's probably true to a certain extent, and also I think it helps them as far as piracy
videos, because if it's their own disk format, you can't pop a, you know, if it's unable
to read DVDs, you can't burn a game onto a DVD.
Or you know, in the case, I mean, these games are going to be multiple gigabytes anyways,
but you can't burn a Blu-ray backup or something like that.
So it's going to use its own little format there to help...
You're going to have to rip it off a hard drive.
Alright.
I'm kind of, at first I was surprised.
I was like, wow, they're not going to support a movie format.
That's kind of shocking.
But then at the same time I was like, well, what Nintendo console really did support a
movie format?
I mean, GameCube didn't even play CDs.
You know, the Wii certainly doesn't play DVDs unless I guess you do some hacking with it,
which doesn't really count.
But it does Netflix, and I'm sure this new system's going to do the Netflix and the Hulu
and all that.
And I guess now we're in a different spot with our movies than we were 10 years ago.
I think there's a lot of people that rely on things like Netflix and Hulu and all the
other download things to get their movies.
And I think as long as Nintendo supports Netflix, which I'm sure it will, I think that's going
to be enough.
That's probably all it needs.
I mean, the Wii was the best-selling system.
It didn't even play DVDs.
I always thought it was a little weird to hear that Nintendo might go Blu-ray, because
Blu-ray's a Sony format, and I always thought that was a little weird, you know, whereas
I could see them...
But you can't really...
I mean, they have their own proprietary format right now, but I don't know.
You kind of either have to make your own or use theirs.
Scott Pilgrim in our chat room says, the Panasonic Q. But the Panasonic Q was Panasonic.
It was the other way around.
They licensed Nintendo's thing.
It wasn't the other way.
And besides, you couldn't even get that in America.
Who owned a Panasonic Q?
Not even Dark Sakura owned a Panasonic Q, so therefore no one owns one.
All right.
Maybe it's under the bed somewhere.
Maybe it's what you're going to get for Christmas this year.
Anyhow, moving on to more information about the current Wii and the DS.
You know, one of the things that was kind of surprising at E3 this year is that there
wasn't a lot of talk about what the heck is coming out on the Wii this year.
But there are some games still slated for the Wii this holiday season.
One of the big ones that barely got any coverage at E3, Kirby Wii, is coming out.
So yeah, Kirby is supposed to be in the fall, out at some point.
Some of the other games that are coming from Nintendo, they're putting out on the Wii.
Wii Play Motion on June 13th, Mystery Case Files, the Malgrave Incident, on June 27th,
Kirby Wii is in the fall, Fortune Street will be during the holiday, of course Zelda Skyward
Sword.
Also, Mario Party 9 and Rhythm Heaven on the Wii are announced for later this year.
Coming out from Nintendo on the DS later this year, not the 3DS, but the DS, Dragon Quest
Monsters, Joker 2, Kirby Mass Attack, Professor Layton and the Last Specter for the fall,
and Super Fossil Fighters over the holiday.
Some of the other releases on the Wii, let me just kind of throw it out there.
From Sega, Mario and Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games, that will be in November.
Ubisoft is putting out more game show ports, Family Feud 2012 and Price is Right Decades
in September, Just Dance 3 in the fall, WB Interactive has some movie tie-in games, also
the Sesame Street franchise going on there.
And then lastly, Konami has Dance Dance Revolution 2 in the fall, and what's sure to be a favorite
here at OLR, Karaoke Revolution Glee Volume 3 in the fall, woohoo.
Anyhow, how about the 3DS and moving forward, obviously the 3DS needs some bigger games
in order to make people really want to get it because the launch titles have not been
that great.
So, Zelda's out now, which of course was released today, so that was one of the big releases
and there's a lot of people probably going to jump on board finally for that game.
But if not Zelda, then maybe Star Fox 64 3D, which is dated for September 11th, yeah it's
Loki's birthday.
Kid Icarus will be during the holiday, as will Mario Kart and Super Mario, however you'll
have to wait until 2012 to play Lego City Stories and Luigi's Mansion 2.
Not dated yet, Animal Crossing and Paper Mario, so I would assume those games are all the
way out next summer, would be my guess.
Some of the other things that are coming out on the 3DS, Ubisoft is putting out all that
crap that they put out on the DS that sells millions, Pets Fantasy, Horses 3D, Imagine
Babies 3D, Raving Rabbids 5, maybe a little more in the direction of stuff we'd actually
play is coming out on the 3DS as well, Konami's putting out Frogger 3D in the fall, they've
dated Metal Gear Solid 3D Snake Eater for the winter, Majesco's got Cooking Mama 4,
Kitchen Magic slated for October 11th, Capcom's got Resident Evil The Mercenaries dated June
28th, I didn't realize that was coming out so soon, Resident Evil Revelations is a little
further out, and then lastly from Activision, they've got Spiderman in the fall and a Transformers
game to support the movie in June.
So there is lots of stuff for the 3DS from the various third parties as well as Nintendo
themselves all the way through the rest of the year.
So Dark Sakura, going back to the Wii U.
Well, in other Wii U news, they are only doing one controller for it because of some cost
issue.
Basically, Iwata said that they don't want buyers to have to buy multiple Wii U controllers.
And by putting in different aspects of multiplayer that would involve the controller, they would
be pretty much insisting that people buy another Wii U controller and they were trying to cut
down costs for the consumer.
I kind of don't see where that matters.
I think just put in a strong single player and then, you know, later on add in.
Here's the problem in my opinion is that the Wii is a party system.
The Wii, especially when it first came out, was that system that got busted out at all
the parties.
Let's play Wii Tennis, let's play Mario Party, let's play, you know, Smash Brothers, whatever
the game was.
It was very much about a lot of those multiplayer experiences.
So it's very surprising that they've kind of said, well, multiplayer is not really going
to be like that on the Wii U.
I mean, granted, you will be able to use the Wiimote.
You will be able to use the classic controller.
So it's not like multiplayer experiences will be nonexistent.
But when this controller is such a huge factor of what they're trying to drive, it's interesting
that there's not going to be a thing where I could bring my Wii U controller over to
someone else's house and play on that controller.
But it's also not surprising because, remember, that controller is not a processor.
The image that you see on that Wii U controller is not being processed by the controller.
That's the biggest difference between the Wii U setup and what you've probably most
familiar with leading into this would be the GameCube going to the Game Boy Advance.
The Game Boy Advance has had processors in them.
They could process the data and so forth.
But the Wii U is all streaming from the box.
So it makes sense that it can't maybe stream to more than one, although I think I read
somewhere where it is actually capable of streaming to more than one, but it won't be
as good.
I don't know.
But it's going to be interesting.
I think there will be plenty of multiplayer experiences with the Classic Controller involved,
and certainly all the demos they were showing were just the one and the Wiimotes.
But yeah, it's a little disappointing to know that they're not going to try and do more.
But I guess it would be expensive to do that.
I mean, these controllers are probably going to be like a hundred bucks, and I know they've
said they're not going to sell them separately, but what if I lose mine or it's broken?
I think, I honestly don't think the controllers are going to be about a hundred bucks a pop.
I really don't think so.
I think you're maybe looking at, especially since it itself doesn't contain the processor,
I think you're really going to be looking at more around fifty bucks for the controller.
Game Guru in our chatroom says, I think this will kill the Wii U more than anything else.
Again, at the end of the day, it's really all about the games.
I have a really hard time being able to assess Wii U right now, because sure, I saw E3 like
you guys did, and I see the controller and so forth and the demos, but no real games
were shown.
I mean, maybe like a couple of very loose conceptual things like Ghost Recon and what
have you, but I'm sorry, there's not enough of what are the games really going to look
like on this thing.
And I don't think we're really going to know that answer until next E3.
So, I feel like I can't really judge this system until I see how does this really play
out or have they been able to think around these constraints really well.
And to Nintendo's credit, I think that's one thing they do really well is that they design
awesome games for the confines that they've built.
So we'll see.
Frisbee in our chatroom says, congratulations Nintendo, you defeated the entire purpose
to buy this console for its controller.
Can you imagine what families with multiple kids in it fighting over this controller?
Good point.
Gameguru in our chat says, really, they could have gutted a DS for this.
I find it fascinating that we can't use DS's and 3DS's, at least not yet.
Maybe that'll be something that comes out later as more controllers.
I'm really surprised that it ended up happening.
We'll see.
You know, I honestly think that that's going to be the big reveal before it's released
is that you get one of the Wii U controllers, but you can also use your other.
I think that's going to be the big thing.
We'll see.
But, I mean, look at some of the concepts that they've showed off.
New Super Mario Brothers Mii.
We added Miis this time.
I'm sorry, you don't need a new console to be that cheap.
But hold on, they said, to be fair, they said this is not a game we're announcing.
This is just a demo to show you what the system can do.
It can do Miis.
Oh my god.
So can the normal Wii.
Why even show that off?
It was just stupid.
I think the chase Mii and the shield stuff will ultimately get slapped into some mini
game collection that is what the system will come with.
Wii U parties.
Oh yeah, all the tech demos are going to be in the fucking, they're going to be sold at
some point.
Oh, we're not going to sell these games.
These aren't real games.
No, you're going to sell these games, because this is what you do, Nintendo.
You're like, hmm, how can we get away with the least amount of work?
Well, we made these tech demos and we're just sitting on them, let's put them together and
charge 50 bucks for them, we'll throw in the Wii remote.
They're going to the Weasley School of Test Design.
The Wheatley School.
I think that Nintendo, they still have a long time before this comes out, and I think they're
going to have a lot of time to respond to some of this criticism.
And I could definitely see Reggie coming out on stage at the next E3 saying, well, we heard
a lot about this that you guys didn't like, so we did this.
Was it contradictions?
We can do that.
We heard that you hate the fact that our analog joysticks, whatever, aren't really joysticks,
they're just circle pads.
So you know what we did?
We added more Miis into our games.
Hope you enjoy it.
We listened to the consumers.
You know what?
We heard that you don't like friend codes, so you know what we're going to do?
We're going to have buddy codes.
They're just like friend codes, but they're buddy codes.
Yeah, we know nothing about online.
That's the thing.
I can't sit here and tell you I'm going to buy a Wii U or I'm not going to buy a Wii
U.
And I don't think, honestly, any of you can sit here and tell me that you are or you aren't
buying one, because we don't really know.
We have an idea.
This is all we've got.
The idea, we see the direction Nintendo's going, but we don't see the path.
And I think they've got a year to really impress us.
Next E3, I'll tell you, if I think the Wii U is for me or not.
What, Loki?
You're laughing over there.
I'm just like thinking, you know, the direction that they're going to come out.
It's just going to be the same old shit with another gimmick attached to it.
It's what it really is going to end up, they're going to take you through this elaborate path
of promises and hopes and stuff and then we're just going to get right back to the Wii with
a gimmicky piece of shit that's now another controller for it.
People love gimmicky pieces of shit.
Why else is the Wii been the number one console?
Number one!
Because it's cheap.
Maybe this will end up being cheap too.
No it's not.
I don't know.
It won't be as cheap, but it will be cheap.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on with more gaming news.
I feel like we've talked Wii U to death between the E3 shows and so forth.
At least Nintendo's got people talking.
Everybody knows that name now.
They may hate it, but they know it.
Yeah, they know that name because that's all the fucking thing that they...
That's all they showed.
It was just, hey look, we got this game system that's not coming out for a year and a half.
I gotta read the...
There's actually a couple really good comments in chat I want to get here now that now we
get some stuff on the Wii U here.
Scott Pilgrim says, I'll buy a Wii U when Mario Kart comes out, if that.
Game Guru says, all of them will be put into Wii U Sports and be packaged with the console,
save New Super Mario Brothers Mii, which will come out separately and sell like 20 million
copies.
SSJ 100 Matt says, I felt Nintendo was forced into announcing the Wii U right now.
Developers were working on games for it and was starting to leak out.
They had to talk about it, this E3, because they wanted to put their spin on it.
If you think about it, they did the same thing with the Wii revolution.
Yeah.
Agree.
I feel like it was too early, but I understand.
They had to.
They had to.
No, they didn't.
Why'd they have to?
Because it would have been leaked out otherwise.
It was already leaked out.
So what?
We all knew it was a touch pad.
We all knew.
So what?
A big deal.
Yeah.
It just leaks out.
You don't have to go and confirm it.
You can just be motivated.
Investors.
It's still a wise corporate policy.
They want people to invest.
They want to convince the world that they're on to the next video.
They want their stocks to go up.
Well, that didn't work.
Well, it went down, so I don't know.
Just looking from a corporate point of view, they have a product there that they don't
want misperceptions on.
They want people to see it the way they want people to see it.
Not just with speculation.
It actually is a wise move on their part to go ahead and say, look, this is what we're
working on.
We're just going to pull back the curtain a little bit.
But not give us, and basically they've directed the speculation is what they've done.
I honestly think if you take a step back and just look at, you know, what people are talking
about, Twitter, sphere, whatever, good, bad, whatever, you know what they say, whether
they're talking bad or talking good, they're talking about you.
People by far out of this E3 are talking about Wii U and then probably in a distant second
the Vita, and then Microsoft doesn't even chart with what they showed.
I mean, to the gamers, yeah, I mean, Halo 4 I guess would be maybe like a way distant
third.
Whoopity shit.
That's what I say about Halo 4.
And I'm not knocking Microsoft.
I'm just saying they didn't show anything at the press conference that really has people
buzzing.
And of course they didn't show a new console.
Although they did show that whole cable TV thing, which I thought was going to be a lot
bigger deal than it seems to be.
But whatever.
Anyhow.
SJ100Matt says, if it was leaked out not on their terms, then it would have been misconstrued
and confused.
So what Jamie said.
GameGuru says, I'm not sure, it depends on if the Wii U's uniqueness can overshadow connect
among the casuals.
Doomplague in chat.orchester.com says, they needed to get the attention of publishers,
developers on board.
That was the whole point of showing the Wii U, in my opinion.
Alright, let's move on.
I want to talk about something that's not Nintendo.
I know it's a three hour show, but there's plenty of other news going on too.
Well, Bungie is celebrating their 20th anniversary.
And of course they're going to reveal some new things about Bungie, including this Bungie
aerospace thing that they've been teasing for a while.
Among that stuff, and actually I think it's available now, if you have an iOS device,
you can download an actual application that's free.
That's kind of neat.
It basically kind of ties in with the Bungie website.
It's called Bungie Mobile, and you can check out your stats for Reach and all sorts of
stuff.
You can sign up for giveaways and...
Downloading?
Yeah, different things like that.
I don't play a lot of Halo, so this isn't really something I'd download, but it's kind
of cool.
And it's free, and it's available right now, so Bungie Mobile.
Check it out.
Then of course, as something that's a little bit funny, part of this Halo Fest that's going
to be going on, I guess they're going to be showing off the Halo Combat Evolved HD.
And with that, they're going to have six custom-made Duke controllers.
Now you remember, the Duke controller is the original Xbox controller, the one that was
the size of a small single-family home.
The size of Duke Nukem's ego.
So they're going to have those made in a very limited run, and they're going to be auctioned
off as well.
And I guess Halo Fest will run alongside PAX Prime from Friday, August 26th to Sunday,
August 28th at the Washington State Convention Center.
Which, by the way, mission is free if you have your PAX badge.
If you want to go play with an original Xbox controller.
Yes.
And have your hands hurt after spending some time with them.
You may throw out your back lifting the controller.
DarkSakura, you hated those old Xbox controllers, didn't you?
Because my hands are smaller.
It really did, it was just painful after a while, but I mean, I can handle a big controller
as long as the ergonomics are reasonable.
Like, Saturn Dual Analog controller, you know, I've told everybody that's my favorite controller
ever, but it's kind of bulky.
But it fits reasonably in the hand, and that's the problem, is that my thumbs just won't
reach.
I never actually touched one of the original Xbox controllers.
By the time I bought an Xbox, I bought...
I could fix that.
I'm sure I've mentioned this on the show before, but when I bought an Xbox, I actually bought
a Halo Xbox.
It's a green, translucent kind of Xbox, it's very different from the other ones that are
out there.
That's the same one we have.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, they were limited edition or something, but it came with Halo.
So believe it or not, when I first played Halo, I loved it.
And yeah, I played it at a wedding.
My friends had got married, and it was a Halo kind of a very subtle Halo theme to the wedding.
And yeah, they were just those kinds of people where it was like, okay, we're married, let's
play Halo.
And everybody brought TVs, and it was like a local area thing, because obviously Xbox
Live wasn't on the first one.
Oh, like, do you know that that's exactly what my husband's bachelor party was?
Yeah.
Was cases of beer, about eight TVs set up all over my house, and lots of Halo land.
Meanwhile, you remember my party.
Let's watch Xana do and go drink.
I do, I do.
All right.
Going to our chat room at chat.orangelandsrader.com, Game Guru says, the Duke should be stricken
from memory.
Controller S was vastly superior.
SSJ100Matt says, the Dreamcast controller was bulky, but it was one of my favorite controllers.
I really liked the Dreamcast controller too.
I loved the whole idea of the VMUs.
It's kind of a bummer that didn't really stick.
I mean, I guess, ironically, some are saying that that's what the Wii U controllers are,
but they're really not.
They're kind of different, because you can't really take that controller and just take
it out by itself and do anything really with it, especially if you step too far away from
the Wii U box.
Anyhow, let's talk about free stuff.
That's right.
Free games, legal.
This whole thing's illegal free games.
If you're looking for something new to play, you need to look no further and pass Steam.
Steam has added five free-to-play games available on Steam.
You can download them just like anything else.
These are all like free-to-play MMOs.
The games are Spiral Knights, I should say free-to-play games.
They're not all necessarily MMOs.
Spiral Knights, Forsaken Worlds, Champions Online, Free For All, Global Agenda Free Agent,
and Alliance of Valiant Arms.
They are all on Steam right now available for you to download.
I know some people have been checking them out.
I've seen our webmaster, Deep Man, has been playing Spiral Knights.
I saw some of his pictures.
And they got to the point where it was like, hey, you want to keep playing the good stuff?
Now you got to give us money.
So that's the only bummer with the free-to-play games is that a lot of them really just feel
like extended demos, especially like what was that one on PlayStation 3 that was so
stupid?
Free Realms, the one where you can play as a fairy and everything is blocked off unless
you pay for it.
That's why I haven't downloaded anything.
They're just demos.
But I don't know.
Some people get more out of this.
I hear some of these other ones have a little more robust experience, like Champions Online
and Global Agenda.
A little more of the robust experience, but haven't played it myself.
But if you are looking for something new to try, maybe these things will be up your alley.
Check it out.
Well, I did go to try to find you one of my Xbox controllers.
Oh, really?
And I couldn't find it, but I did find this.
A Sega.
Now see, I never owned a Saturn.
The Saturn Dual Analog Controller.
I never owned a Saturn.
Now feel it.
This looks like a mini pizza the way the disc is.
Well, just hold it in both hands for a second, because now you see how natural it feels.
It actually feels super natural.
It's not super natural, but you know what I mean?
Really easy to do.
The D-pad's a little weird, kind of like it is on Xbox, but I really like this 360, the
hell's the name of these, the Analog.
In my opinion, it's the best controller ever made.
There you go.
Let me see.
Oh, Loki wants to touch it.
Well, while Loki's touching my controller, I'll go ahead and read the next story.
How's that sound?
Sure.
Zynga likes to sue people.
Well, now they have another company they're going after called Vostu.
It's a Brazilian company, and they are getting in on Cityville.
They have Vostu's Mega City.
And if you look at the screen captures, it's fairly identical, although I have to say that
some of Vostu's in-game sprites actually look a lot nicer.
But they are...
Excuse me.
You're right over there.
All right.
Hey, I told you I'm sick.
But they basically copied everything down, and this is actually in the complaint.
And I need to read this, because this is just, like, this is Zynga going, oh, you whore,
no way.
Vostu has brazenly appropriated the copyright protected aspects of Zynga's games, as well
as almost every other aspect of Zynga's business, with scant effort to mask their strategy.
And then offered games virtually identical to Zynga's games to prospective players in
the United States and elsewhere.
And they did actually side-by-side video with, you know, cleaning a pet, and the whole video
is here.
But they also copied mistakes, so it looks like they're actually copying code.
Things that were already bugs in the games.
And like, for example, there was one in Cityville where the requirement that the community buildings
be connected to a road to function, it actually was copied over as a bug into Vostu's game
too.
So there's, it looks like there's quite a bit going on.
The whole lawsuit actually is online.
So it looks like they're trying to get them to shut down operations, and if you also look
at the, they had to raise $45.9 million in funds, Vostu did, to get their thing going.
So I find this stuff kind of ironic, because didn't Zynga kind of get their start copying
other people's games?
Like, isn't Farmville taken from Farm Town or something?
Well now, here's the other thing, looking at the company's stats too, is that Vostu
was founded February 1st, 2007, Zynga was founded July 2007, with more money behind
them.
Interesting.
And Vostu was located in New York, where Zynga is located in San Francisco.
So fairly interesting.
It's an East Coast, West Coast thing.
That's right.
It's gonna go down, and it's all gonna go down in Cityville.
There's gonna be drive-by shootings and things.
They're just gonna have to prove, it's basically gonna come down to which code is older, you
know?
But yeah, looking at these photos, and I'll show the chatroom too, it's pretty identical.
Basically Zynga feels pretty confident in this, or they wouldn't be suing, so, you know.
I just find it ironic that it's Zynga accusing someone else of being evil.
So, I'm really sick and tired of Facebook games that keep wanting you to publish shit
and click like and all this stuff.
It's just such garbage.
You know, there's more of this shit going on too, you remember what I was telling you
about on the way to Disneyland, about WTF Forever 21, the blog.
This girl basically was just like, you know, pointing out stuff in the Forever 21 catalog
that was ugly, and you know, blogging about it.
And they're saying that she's copying their stuff, and Forever 21 is a big copier of actual
designers like Anna Sui and, you know, big name designers.
So I thought that was really hilarious.
But it's been, I mean, I can name other companies though that are doing the same thing that's
basically like, you know, oh well, we're going to get you for doing nothing that's like what
we're doing.
Breakman in our chatroom takes issue with your story, DarkSakura.
He says, whatever, those two games are completely different.
One is using a completely different shade of brown than the other.
It all comes down to the source code.
It all comes down to the source code.
We'll see.
All right, anyhow, we're going to move on and cover some release dates and check out
what is coming out to a gaming store near you very soon.
We'll start off in, sorry, US.
In the US state of Japan.
That's why I almost said Japan because I was bringing up my Japanese dates, but we're not
starting there.
So actually, some decent stuff this week.
Not a whole lot though, I mean, it's still, still a slow time of the year.
Some EA though, and this is kind of cool, it's kind of a collaboration between, I want
to say, Suda51 and the guy that created Resident Evil, and basically it's Shadows of the Damned,
kind of a grindhouse-ish, I kind of call it like a grindhouse-ish Dante's Inferno game.
It's pretty awesome.
So that's coming out this week on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also I believe that they are re-releasing, in case you don't have Call of Duty Black
Ops, you can get Call of Duty Black Ops now with the first download pack with that, so
that's going to be out there for 60 bucks as well.
And then also this week we've got Dungeon Siege 3, that's on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
and PC.
Today, or I believe actually no later this week, Wii Play Motion will be coming out from
Nintendo, and that of course is not a mini-game collection of course, because why would they
throw tech demos into a game, that will also be coming out with the Wii Remote Plus.
Cars 2, the video game, tying in with the upcoming movie, it's on all major formats,
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
Also Gods and Heroes of Rome Rising, that's coming out on PC.
There's some PSP 2 packs that are coming out, kind of some cheap games, Kills and Liberation,
Siphon Filters Logan Challenge, that's on PSP for $14.99, not bad.
And then also they have a couple other collections this week as well, let's see here, I'll get
back to that.
Anyways, Fear 3 also this week, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC.
Arma 2 Reinforcements on PC, Dual Pen Sports on the 3DS, which I'm not sure how that works
considering that the 3DS is not multi-touch.
Pets Fantasy for the 3DS, yes now bringing the ever loved Pets franchise to the 3DS.
Thank you Ubisoft.
Yay.
Yeah I know everyone's excited about that.
And let's see, I believe that's actually it, a week from today I believe Mystery Case Files
the Malgrave Incident from Nintendo, in case you like that on the DS.
Alright moving over to Japan and looking at what is coming out on the Japanese releases
this week, coming out on June 23rd, which by the way also happens to be the 9th birthday
of OLR, June 23rd.
Grand Theft Auto IV, the complete edition coming out in Japan, might seem a little late
but I believe those releases are localized for Japan so they have to go back and redo
the text and the acting and all that stuff.
So that is coming out finally this week, that is the big release on Xbox 360.
Coming out on PlayStation 3 this week on the 23rd, some more choices for you.
Mass Effect 2, the Japanese release is out this week as well as of course the Grand Theft
Auto IV collection.
Bleach Soul Ignition out from Sony this week on the PlayStation 3 in Japan.
And lastly a game called Meru no Atlier, Arland no Reken Jutsuji comes out this week from
Gust, and I don't know if this is a game that is out here.
Yes it is.
Is it?
What is this?
Is this the, oh Atlier, they do have the Atlier series out here, so this is like a role playing
game.
I think we have one of these at home we haven't played yet, like the last one in the series.
That's on the PlayStation 3 this week.
And then moving on to some of the other consoles.
Going to the Nintendo Wii this week, actually let me do the PSP first, Gloria Union this
week and Gundam Memories, Tataki no Kyoku comes out this week.
And trying to see if there's anything on the Wii.
Earth Seeker comes out this week, sorry that is not the same thing as Earthbound, but there
is a game called Earth Seeker that's coming out this week.
This looks like kind of like an RPG-ish type of game, but with the Wii graphics.
Whatever happened to The Last Guardian, I thought they were going to announce that at
E3 this year for the Wii.
That's supposed to be a kick-ass game on the Wii.
From The Last Guardian?
No not The Last Guardian, dammit no, I'm thinking that's the PlayStation 3.
What am I thinking of?
There's some big role playing game from Mistwalker.
Last Story.
Thank you, Last Story.
One word difference.
Completely different games though.
Yeah sorry, my bad.
All right, Nintendo 3DS Japan this week, Fish Eyes 3D, at least it's not Fish Heads 3D,
Fish Eyes 3D and Pac-Man and Galaga Dimensions come out this week.
Fishing games are huge in Japan, I'm telling you, this is what Fish Eyes is, it's a fishing
game.
And it looks like it takes like real scenes, like this very tranquil little lake in the
woods and then you can just rope in these dead fish.
Well who would want to rope in dead fish?
Oh no, you rope them in while they're alive and kicking and then they die when they're
sitting in the styrofoam container.
All the radiation in the water killed them.
Kidding, I'm kidding, gosh, gosh, all right.
That's very insensitive of you.
I was completely insensitive, but all right, let's move on.
Okay, on the 24th we have Dream Trigger 3D for 3DS, this is their UK releases.
Fear 3 for PlayStation 3 PC, Xbox 360, Get Fit with Mel B, Who Cares, Gods and Heroes
Room Rising, Let's Dance with Mel B, Who Else Cares, Shadows of the Damned, Call of Duty
Black Ops Annihilation Pack, sorry that was the 28th, my bad, done.
All right, it's a quick week.
Some more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week, Dark Soccer takes
a stroll through the classic game archives and she will in just a moment.
I could not find my controller by the way, I tried to find you an old controller.
I melted it down and made two of the other controllers out of it.
I think we actually did get rid of them.
I don't know.
All right, moving on.
Melted it down to two full-size station wagons.
So since we were talking about lawsuits with Zynga, let's talk about lawsuits with Infinity
Ward and Activision.
Yeah, I remember them, they were suing each other back and forth and good luck for both
of them because both lawsuits in either direction were approved.
So the lawsuit filed against Activision by Infinity Ward is moving forward and I guess
that the claims have merit.
Also apparently the judge has allowed the countersuit to move forward as well.
So it'll be interesting to see how that pans out.
And then since we're talking about Activision here and everybody loves Bobby Kotick, Bobby
Kotick actually has a cameo as I guess a manager of a baseball team in Moneyball, the new Brad
Pitt movie about the Oakland A's.
Wait, wait, they made a movie about the Oakland A's?
Yeah.
Why?
Because there was this coach that came in and changed the way they do drafting or whatever
and it was a big deal.
Why don't they make a movie about a good baseball team?
Why don't they make a movie about the Giants?
Field of Dreams.
A League of Their Own.
I'd be more interested in seeing A League of Their Own again and watching a movie about
the Oakland A's.
Moving on, one more story for you guys and this has been all over the press this week.
I'm sure you guys have heard, but some of your favorite gaming websites were hacked.
That's right, Bethesda was hacked earlier this week and yeah, Bethesda apparently had
200,000 user accounts compromised there.
So yeah, be careful if you were a member of Bethesda's forums.
Also the same hackers took down Minecraft, Eve Online, and the Escapist Magazine.
A lot of this was from denial of service attacks, a very popular way to bring down websites
out there.
Eve Online was taken offline for several hours as was the Escapist Magazine online.
I think Minecraft was down for a little bit, but they came back up pretty quick.
So just good rule of thumb here, the same hacker group released I think 62,000 login
and passwords.
Don't use the same password on Bethesda's website or Square Enix's forums or whatever
gaming forums you log into.
Don't use the same password there that you use on PayPal.
This is a real chance for you to evaluate the passwords that you use and we kind of
throw this out there as a warning to those out there that don't want to end up in the
same boat because you know what we say on the show, I'm not condoning what these guys
are doing, but you know the old saying, hackers are going to hack and for whatever the reason,
whether it be they're trying to make a point or trying to steal money or whatever it is.
So just make sure you don't use the same password for your banking that you do on the
Orange Islands Radio forums even.
Because I'll tell you what, PHPBB is what we use and what a lot of different websites
use and if you, those things I'm sure can get hacked pretty easy.
So don't use the same password on anything like that that you would use for your bank
or your PayPal.
Have different passwords.
This public service announcement brought to you by us.
Yes.
Alright, moving on, let's get into some classic gaming.
We're going to take a stroll down memory lane.
DarkSakura has picked a classic game or games as the case may be tonight that she's going
to highlight as the classic game of the week.
It's the one and only true love for this week in gaming.
DarkSakura, what should the kids out there be playing this week?
Contra.
I selected the Contra series.
Right, because I think you did the Contra game a while ago, but now we've got the whole
damn series.
Okay, I don't remember doing Contra, but okay.
So yeah, basically it's, the series started in 1987.
It's a run and gun style shooter and it came out as Contra and then we had the really super
Contra in 1988 and a bunch of other Contras.
And now this is actually just my old Japanese studies that makes me pretty giddy is that
it was, in Japanese it was written out in Ateji which is like using the kanji but for
their pronunciation.
So I thought it was pretty interesting.
And it actually, the first one came out after, the arcade one, came out after the I ran Contra
affair and people were like, well is this about that?
And there was an ending theme, it was called Sandinista.
I don't know if anyone remembers the whole Contras and Sandinista thing.
I remember it.
So yeah.
The original is side scrolling but you've got a few 3D view areas is what they were
called where it's behind you and then a couple of overhead ones like in Super Contra and
Contra 3 the Alien Wars.
There, the ones that deviated were the ones that were done by Appaloosa which was Contra
like Sea of War, Sea of the Contra Adventure and Neo Contra.
Contra Shattered Soldier had the side view but it was all rendered in 3D.
And then basically they were all two player except for the MSX2 version of Contra and
Operation Sea for the Gameboy.
Those were only single player.
So you get different weapons and you can replace your regular gun with a laser gun or a spread
gun, rapid bullets, they increase your fire speed.
You can also get the mega shell in Super Contra or bombs in Contra 3 and Contra hardcore.
There's all kinds of neat stuff but the biggest thing about Contra is that it was hard and
for the record the NES version of Contra does use the Konami code.
It gives you 30 lives instead of 3.
Probably the most infamous game to use the Konami code because you couldn't really beat
it without it.
I mean let's be real.
Most of the other ones had the extra lives codes in the Japanese releases such as Contra
Spirits which was Contra 3 over here and Contra hardcore.
So the games in the series we have Contra which is on Arcade, MSX2, DOS, C64, CPC, ZX
and then Super Contra, Arcade, NES, DOS and Amiga, Operation Sea on Gameboy, Contra 3
the Alien Wars which was SNES, Gameboy, Gameboy Advance, Contra Force on the NES, Contra hardcore
which was on Genesis slash Mega Drive, Contra Legacy of War on Playstation and Saturn which
I think we have the Saturn one of that I want to say.
See the Contra Adventure on Playstation, Contra Shattered Soldier on PS2, Neo Contra on PS2,
Contra 4 on Nintendo DS.
That was done by WayForward technology and it actually had two screens that you know
because it was a DS you had different kinds of views that you could use.
There was Contra Rebirth that was done by M2 for WiiWare and Hardcore Uprising which
was on PS3, Xbox 360 and that's a downloadable title released this year.
There were re-releases of Contra and Super Contra, there were DOS ports, there was the
Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 is the X Spectrum and in Europe it came out as Gryzor.
There are actually mobile phone versions to Virtual Console, Xbox Live Arcade.
As far as cancelled games there was Contra Spirit 64 which was in development by Konami
of Osaka however it was cancelled when the development team disbanded and that was being
worked on in 1998.
For other ones, I love this game Konami YY World which is on Famicom, it actually had
the same boss theme that was used in the original Contra and it came out right before Contra.
YY World 2, SOS, Parsley Joe, Bill Rizer is a playable character in there, Snatcher.
The two characters Bill and Lance go to a Konami themed party held at the Outer Heaven
Show Pub and they are replaced by Light and Pastel from Twinbee but in the 32 bit version
of the game there's a Contra ad in there.
There's Nanobreaker, Jaguar from Neocontra is a hidden character, Best Student Council
which is a TV anime produced by Konami, there was a character called Lance Bean who was
a mod to a Contra character.
Palaparokun Pocket 8 had a Contra parody in it, Silent Hill Shattered Memories is in a
movie theater that has Konami arcade machines including the original Contra and if you make
care you stare at it he'll go some real classics and then Rocket Knight when you play as Gold
Sparkster it has Bill Rizer shooting the spread gun at Gold Sparkster when he flies away.
These were all set in the 27th century, well the initial Contra and the sequels had Bill
Rizer and Lance Bean who were modeled after Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone
and then they were named after actors that were in Aliens as in Bill Paxton and Paul
Rizer so and then Lance Henriksen and Michael Bean for Lance Bean so I thought that was
neat and then after that it sort of deviated and had different people and then Contra Shattered
Soldier brought back Bill Rizer who was a war criminal and then Neocontra also had him
in there too but it was a clone, oh well, spoilers!
As far as differences in the different versions there were some changes in between the Japanese
and US ones mostly in character naming and who the characters were supposed to be and
there were also different you know bad guys who were named different like the Red Falcon
was actually the Tenoki Gabba was what his name was, the Emperor Demon Gabba and then
there was Mad Dog and Scorpion were given to Bill and Lance in the NES versions.
When it came out in Europe and Australia it was called Probotector and they were robots
so they weren't Bill and Lance and then different versions came out as I said earlier as Gryzor
and then Super Protector Alien Rebels which is Contra through the Alien Wars.
For Game Boy they were also put out as Probotector and then the Wii versions were released as
Probotector in the UK, Contra 4 did not get released in Europe but Probotector was in
the game as in character so that's it.
Good Lord that's a lot of Contra!
Yeah.
But it's a great series, hard as hell.
No seriously.
But very rewarding if you can actually make your way through the games so.
Seriously.
Alright we're going to take a break guys but don't go anywhere because we're going to be
back with more of Orange Lounge Radio including some rapid fire news, your Twitter topics
so get those in Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you have something you want us to talk about
or any questions for us tonight.
We're going to talk about Kinect making its way to the PC, we're going to talk a little
more about that Silent Hill collection that was announced at E3, some more details coming
out on that and Nintendo's stance on free to play games, we're going to talk a little
more about that.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with episode number 416 of our show on this June 19th, 2011.
You know what next week is?
It's going to be June 26th, 2011 and that's the closest show to our 9th birthday as a
station June 23rd or I should say as a show.
We used to have a station on Life is Five but then of course we folded that a few years
ago.
Hence our new home at All Games which we like.
So yeah, that is all going to be next week.
Not doing anything special guys, 9 is like a weird number and you know we thought maybe
it would be better to save something really cool for 10 years.
We should open up with rum stain.
We're hoping we can get like a guest or something you know to come in and have fun with us but
we're not really planning on anything like super huge.
There just comes a point where celebrating too much is just too much.
Like okay, we had a 5 year show, we had a 300, a 400, you know 9 years, whatever.
So that's that.
So we'll be here next week of course with that.
If you wanted to wish us happy birthday, a great way to do that of course would be to
rate us on iTunes with a 5 star review because that helps other people notice the show or
just spread the word.
We always say at the end of the show, spread the word about the show.
Send a tweet.
I saw somebody made a very nice Facebook post this week pointing us to the Orange Lounge
Radio Facebook.
I thought that was great.
So all that stuff always really helps.
It goes a long way.
During the break, Loki was asking me about why didn't I mention Child of Eden during
my gaming week because I've made it no secret on the show before.
I'm a huge fan of Q and Tetsuya Mizuguchi, obviously the Reds, Space Channel, Luminous,
shit I even loved every extent Extra Extreme.
I still say 99 Nights wasn't as bad as y'all made it out to be but maybe that's a little
bit of fanboy isn't there.
But I did not play Child of Eden this week.
Long story short, I was basically reminded that I had a birthday coming up and maybe
I shouldn't make any game purchases until my birthday has passed.
For those that don't know, my birthday happens to also be next Sunday.
My birthday was 3 days after the original OLR on June 23rd.
So yeah, my birthday is right around this time too.
So I have to wait until then and then maybe there will be a gift card or something I can
use to go get it.
But Loki and I were talking a little bit about some of the reviews and things we've heard
about the game and how some people are dog and child of Eden for being only 90 minutes.
Now I hear it, again, I haven't played it, I can only go off what I've heard and my intense
bias towards Q and everything that Tetsuya Mizuguchi touches.
But I hear it's an amazing 90 minutes.
Like that it's just like a great 90 minutes a game.
They said it will bring you to tears.
It will bring you to tears.
Well the original Rez was an amazing game too and it was probably only about 90 minutes.
Now granted games didn't cost 60 bucks back then.
The only thing that brings me to tears is the fact that I forgot to send in Josh's picture
when they were doing picture submissions because that would have been awesome.
I didn't even realize, I forgot that was there.
So I've been trying to stay spoiler free so please don't spoil or whatever.
But Loki and I were kind of talking a little bit about the whole 90 minutes thing and Loki
you feel that 90 minutes, paying 60 bucks for a 90 minute experience is okay.
Which is funny to hear from you because usually you're the first one to dog people that are
wanting to price gouge and all that stuff.
But if it's a damn good 90 minutes then it might be worth the cost, right?
Exactly.
I mean the way I look at it is like shooters.
Shooters that are out there, I'm not talking about first person shooters, I'm talking about
arcade games.
They're not 30 hours long, they're like a few hours if that.
It's a full fleshed out game.
You don't need a whole lot of story with this stuff so you don't need to spend extra time
for story development and whatnot but if it's a good entertaining 90 minutes it's better
than a boring 6 hours or a boring 30 hours.
I mean you might spend 60 bucks to go to an awesome concert.
Like I probably spent over 100 bucks to go see Lady Gaga and that was a pretty awesome
90 minutes.
But all joking aside, obviously reviewers are going to react differently and so forth.
But see that's the thing, that's my problem with some of these reviewers nowadays, it's
like they kind of forgot how games were or they forgot how things are.
They're like oh this isn't as good as Call of Duty so I don't like it.
I don't understand that.
Let me play devil's advocate a little bit here though is that the game marketplace isn't
what it used to be.
And to be fair there's a lot of games out there that have intense replayability value
that go for 99 cents like Angry Birds.
I understand that but at the same time you can't judge a first person shooter by the
same criteria as a music game.
I mean they have different intents and purposes and I think comparing-
I thought you said it was a shooter.
What is it?
Is it a shooter or is it a music game?
No it's not a first person shooter.
That's different.
You can judge first person shooters against other first person shooters and granted you
can judge different elements of it like this has good production value and stuff like that.
But you can't say oh because this shooter slash music game is not like as long as Final
Fantasy 13 well I'm going to have to rate it lower or something.
But see once again though it kind of- here's the way I look at it.
If you're looking to reviews and reviewers for you know your decision on whether you
purchase a game or not here's what you need to do.
You need to search out reviews for games that you like or games that you have interest in
and find the reviewers that are sharing your same dislikes or likes with these games and
when you find a reviewer that kind of thinks like you do then you'll know whether to trust
that person's opinion or not because at the end of the day you know an IGN review that's
one person's opinion that's one person's opinion that you're holding so much weight against
because it's IGN.com it's one dude I mean hell if I said I hate this game I hate Madden
does that mean Madden is terrible no it doesn't mean Madden is terrible means I don't like
Madden a perfect example Minecraft we have all said on the show we don't understand Minecraft
like I've tried to play Minecraft and I was like this is not fun for me but I looked at
it and I went I see how it's fun for someone else but like someone with more of that you
know creative mind that wants to build things and and so forth I was like I was I was done
with Minecraft it's like people rating movie tie-in games it's like people rating children's
games they don't fucking care because they're like I don't want to rate you know I don't
want to be reviewing the Green Lantern game when I could be playing you know something
way better than this and so a lot of times it seems like that that comes out it's not
a unbiased opinion and sometimes I think that they just dog on the game so badly because
it's funny and people will you know link to that article some page it's just because you
know such as the websites that gave Duke Nukem Forever a zero like you know I again I haven't
played Duke Nukem Forever but a zero like I don't think I can trust a website they get
I mean again I haven't played it so maybe I need to bite my tongue but I just kind of
get the sense even from the demo I played I can't possibly imagine I could trust a website
that gave Fusion Frenzy 2 a higher score than Duke Nukem Forever because Fusion Frenzy 2
is the worst game I've played this generation and and also you know just some once again
like I said it's it's all about whether Bomberman 0 I take that back Bomberman 0 is the worst
game I played this generation it's all about you know whether you agree with the person
who's reviewing stuff like there are certain video movie reviewers out there that you may
have you may share the same opinion with you know Roger Deibert as opposed to some other
guy you know or vice versa I mean it it's all about finding the reviewer that you know
it makes sense to you or or what you can do is instead of worrying about wasting a lot
of money you know what guess what you can go now to red box machines and you can rent
a game for two dollars for a night so you know what you can get a taste of the game
or you can play a demo or you can rent it at a you know traditional video rental place
or you can do it through Gamefly or wherever and you don't spend you know sixty dollars
on a game you can check it out and if you like it cool you buy it if not then you didn't
waste that much money let me get some comments from chat.orangelaunceter.com as we are taping
live on this Sunday night break man in our chat room says for 90 minutes of fun a hooker
would charge you a lot more money so this is actually a good deal speaking of child
of Eden that's right I did learn how to learn that from watching cat house girls is that
the Air Force Amy or whatever her name was would charge probably several hundred dollars
for 90 minutes of fun. I have a feeling that the people in that cat house charge a lot
more than your traditional hooker because they're you know in Vegas and shit but yes
no no that was that was the bunny ranch that was that's a past Reno oh my mistake well
still Nevada I mean they figure people gambling have a lot of money so we could drive to the
bunny ranch we should we should take your wife out to the bunny ranch someday she one
of her aspirations in life was to get a prostitution license at some point for for Nevada just
that just to have a hard and put it you know so you know oh boy I and to read Saddam Hussein's
romance novels that he wrote those are two of her aspirations I think your wife needs
a podcast like not about games but I think your wife just needs a podcast called like
Nellie streams and every week she could talk about a dream of hers a lot of the stuff that
we talk about ends up on Facebook anyways especially if we say something funny like
last night I was saying something to her and to her a lot of the stuff I say sounds like
mumbling and so she'll say you said this or you know it's usually said you called me an
n-word no no that's not what I said at all I don't remember what the hell I actually
said it was not even close all right let's move on we're gonna get to some rapid fire
news but first we always like to plug the other projects if you enjoy Orange Lounge
Radio you might also enjoy Comic Insanity we have a podcast up every Tuesday on infamous.net
and F-A-M-O-U-S.net and we talk comics and other geeky stuffs so tune in it's me and
Tara and Dan Jeddo and I saw some of you in chat saying that I'm dogging on Warcraft which
I don't think I am really but then on the other token I turn around and I play World
of Warcraft which isn't for everyone and that's fine I understand that game isn't for everyone
but if you think it might be for you or it is for you you should check out the best little
Horde house in Azeroth Hordehouse.com that's the show I do with Xtaphir about the World
of Warcraft it's put out every week except last week because I was doing double duty
here for E3 but we did come back with episode 29 this week and it was a lot of fun talking
about the upcoming patch that still has not come out that may not come out on Tuesday
after all the lots of WoW stuff and Warcraft discussion going on there Hordehouse.com alright
let's move on and get into some rapid fire news lots of new gaming stories throughout
the week we don't always have time to spend five minutes on all of them let's talk quickly
about some of the things you might otherwise miss Loki so EA is trying something out they
decided to open a retail store for EA Sports in the Charlotte Airport and of course you
know if you've been to airports they have a lot of stores you can waste money and time
in because you know people are waiting for their flights especially when they're told
to get to the airports you know three hours early or two hours early and oh guess what
that security line wasn't as long as they said it was and now you have to hang around
and maybe you need some gifts for your friends and whatnot so they're going to be doing that
and I guess kind of as a test to see if this is something that would take off other places
I don't know it's a neat idea but I don't think you're going to see this really anywhere
else because you know everybody carries EA Sports stuff so I don't know but I mean those
theme type stores are pretty popular in airports so makes sense now this is kind of interesting
never thought I would see a sequel to this game but apparently Namco is doing a new Namco
Generations game and that game is Dancing Eyes and Dancing Eyes was an arcade game it
came out I think in the 2000s is basically kind of I think it was based on like the Playstation
1 or something like that but it was a 3D poly kind of a almost like a gals panic or kicks
type game you had a grid that was around usually a woman or it could be something funny and
as you you know connected the dots or connected the lines around a shape that shape would
disappear and reveal either the scantily clad woman underneath or you know in some cases
a cow or a person or who knows titties no there were there was no nudity in any of these
games but after you did get done though you got the they played the you know the kind
of burlesque horn music or whatever oh it's like Sharon Christine Aguilera something like
that and so they're going to be putting out a new game now for the Namco Generations he
used to play this game at Arcade Infinity actually I did play this and I actually have
it on my arcade cabinet at home I played I've played it in MAME and it's fun it's it's it's
not you know it's not an adult game I mean it's sort of could I guess it's it's PG-13
yeah I mean you reveal like women wearing bikinis or you know a girl dressed up like
a cat you know a cat girl or something oh my gosh not a cat girl you're playing as a
monkey and you run around you're trying to avoid you know different enemies that are
running around the screen stuff so you're supposed to dodge them and they actually have
some screenshots here see it's basically just you know running around like a woman's you
know shirt and it's revealing her bra underneath so that's coming out in PlayStation 3 oh 96
is when it came out in the arcade that was 2000 but neat also they're going to be doing
a game of or a new version of Metro Cross as Arrow Cross I guess so that's kind of neat
and then finally I guess this is good news for people that are looking for a new Psychonauts
game but Double Fine is now obtaining the rights to publish a new Psychonauts game and
of course you know it came out back in 05 and Tim Schafer you know says Double Fine's
always owned the intellectual property rights for Psychonauts franchise but we've and we
so we've been free to pursue movies sequels etc says what changed recently is the publishing
rights to the game Psychonauts have reverted to Double Fine and some of the deals still
need to be finalized this means anything financially when that happens we'll have more to announce
so all right neat well moving on to Xbox Live you might have caught the indie games uprising
last winter it was a way for the indie games on Xbox Live to get more exposure in fact
there was a little bit of back and forth because it was something that the community kind of
came up with the Microsoft at first didn't really support it but they finally came around
and they did kind of give it some ad space and so forth calling attention to it well
it's coming back for the summer it's going to start on August 22nd and run through September
12th two games will be released each week and it's all going to be based on votes starting
July 4th you can vote on what titles you believe should be featured obviously a big problem
with Xbox Live marketplace in the indie game section is that it's really hard to get noticed
on there right now so this will be a way to get visibility for some of those games so
we'll see what happens there submissions if you think if you are an indie developer you
know an indie developer that might want to get in on this you can submit through June
24th so that's not very much more time so you might want to get on that moving on speaking
of Xbox one of the big things that was shown at the Microsoft press conference this year
was the fabled the journey demonstration well a very interesting quote from Peter Molyneux
this week about it this was in an interview with official Xbox magazine quote I made a
horrendous mistake on the press demo in taking out the navigation allowing players to move
I'll state on record now that fable the journey is definitely not on rails and there's this
whole thing where there's I guess he met with all these journalists and he made them sign
the board for it said it is not on rails and all this stuff so a horrendous mistake and
I have to agree they made a huge mistake not showing that you could navigate it did look
like rails so they should have said something about that but who knows we'll see more about
this when it gets a little closer to release by the way the reason why they did what they
did they wanted to showcase the game's action like using the magic attacks and the whole
horse and carriage and all that stuff because the unreal or the non on rails part wasn't
finished yet one of the other big pieces to come out of e3 was that you're gonna get a
free game if you have a 3ds you're gonna get the four swords the Legend of Zelda four swords
that is going to be coming out for free a little later this year it's supposed to be
out in September according to Nintendo well just to clarify it did come out this week
that the version you're going to be getting is the Game Boy Advance version because there's
no real way to do the GameCube emulation I'm assuming on the 3ds right now the Game Boy
Advance version is the version that you will be able to get on the 3ds no word yet about
if it's going to be enhanced at all kind of like excite bike had very minimal thrills
to kind of enhance it for widescreen and so forth no word if that's going to be given
the same treatment for Zelda for four swords or possibly even maybe online that might just
be wishful thinking I don't know but it is the Game Boy Advance version that you're gonna
get for free later this year and I guess free is not such a bad deal unless it's yours dark
soccer you have some rapid fire stuff for us I do for portal to there's some download
content coming out this is the six cents motion pack but it only works with the razor hydro
motion controller you can actually get the pack of course through steam you can get the
controller through steam as well as 140 bucks but it comes with a copy of portal 2 and a
download content of course if you already have portal 2 then you have a gift for a friend
then in other news there is the Super Mario Brothers 3 fan remake I think we've covered
it before but there's a 2 version 2.0 out that has much better improved graphics especially
in the background and 84 bonus rooms a new final castle and 30 different cameos so there's
a footage of it up on YouTube if you go find it it's Super Mario Brothers 3 version 2.0
and then I actually watched some of the video and it does look really nice by the way and
then Sony is offering six months of curiosity for ps3 owners basically you sign up for their
little demo of the service and you can get a music unlimited option and then you can
listen to whatever songs you want to pretty cool that's pretty cool as long as it doesn't
roll into like a subscription or something like that well that yeah I would decide but
I mean I know they were very careful about PlayStation Plus where they did go out of
their way to say you once the 30-day trial is up in the welcome back program once the
30-day trial is up you will not be charged at all I mean it's it's yeah I'm actually
I'm trying to get it I have to download my games and stuff but right now we don't have
remember my my ps3 doesn't have wireless internet keep in mind you only have till July something
I know that it's July 3rd I'm probably gonna do this week but uh you know I've been have
to drag an ethernet cable out to the front room is not very fun all right let's get to
the Twitter topics I've actually before I get there I've actually been purposely waiting
on the PlayStation Plus I'm waiting till right before the last day because if it is a 30-day
trial either something's got to come out real soon that makes me want to get it like now
to get the discount or whatever or I'm gonna wait and see you know cuz see if they maybe
start putting on some real good stuff after it's not free anymore you know I mean for
most people that went in and jumped in day one we'll see I don't know maybe it'll pay
off maybe not let's move into some Twitter topics twitter.com slash olr every week you
show us your tweets and we read them here on air why because we're the show where every
gamer has a voice JV Mon sent us a string of tweets to start us off today that basically
he went to Nintendo World and said there's a huge line for Zelda I didn't even realize
they were showing that today but they were of course this is New York City he says it
easily goes down at least a block and a half before they start letting people in and even
send a little picture I guess these are people like going into the store cuz from this picture
it doesn't look very long but the lines going like the other way but yeah looks like you're
huge crowds out there today and he says the one time I forgot the 3ds at home like everyone
has them you get a street pass like a hundred people over at that event crazy let's see
also some other tweets Warrior Bob had tweeted I just realized I've been listening to olr
for like seven years holy carb yeah some of our listeners have been listening a long time
so thank you to all you of course the listeners we wouldn't be here for more finger support
whether you just started listening this week or you've been there since episode one which
would be very few of you because I think we had 12 people listening that week but thank
you to you guys who supported us from whatever time over the years Defective Candy sent us
a tweet with a story from CNN average age of a gamer goes up and CNN had reported here
I guess they were reporting about this 37 year old that you know now that I'm gonna
be 33 pretty soon 37 does not seem that old at all in a row so I'm just kind of surprised
they're talking about this whole thing like gamers are getting older I think just a lot
of us grew up on games and haven't stopped because we just accepted as a part of our
lives whereas I think back when the original Nintendo came out maybe 37 year olds at the
time didn't get it quote unquote so I don't know but anyway they were talking about this
whole thing about how gamers are getting older blah blah blah blockbuster games the social
games and so on and so on yeah gamers are getting older because I think they just haven't
left stuck with them dark Tetsuya says that he is plugging his first round of where are
they now interviews I guess some of the people he's mentioned some of the people is going
to be interviewing Jessica Harper is going to be in one of the where are they now interviews
virtually who you might remember he was the guy that was famous for passing max 300 back
in the day and rice used to be in our chat room all the time remember that kid all the
time back when we were on life is five so dark Tetsuya has like dug out all these old
school people from the past is going to be running features on the site so especially
if you were into the money culture back in the day it sounds like he's found a lot of
those people if you're not so much into the money culture then it's interviews with gamers
but you'll be I think it'd be neat to see the roots of where we came from although if
you can't tell where Jessica Harper is you know we know where she is yeah Jessica Harper
of course is on Saturday nights on all games radio on her own show with Travis Donovan
why are you guys listening that's right so yeah I could tell you where she is now but
I'm sure there'll be some other little tidbits in there maybe she'll talk about how it was
to have DDR freak in orange launch radio kind of coexisting because it was an interesting
history we talked about it when she was here for the first time on the show if you didn't
listen you'll just have to go find that episode all right anyhow type classes a few tweets
one of them is about I don't think this comes up later in the show so I apologize if I'm
stealing someone's story the tiger claw posted but I guess this had to do something um what
was this electronic arts no we definitely don't have this on the list tonight electronic
arts had a gun in the godfather games called the Dillinger and back in 2009 the grandson
of Dillinger's half-sister threatened to sue EA unless they paid him millions of dollars
wow that's kind of sad well a judge in Indiana this week said that the Dillinger descendant
is not entitled to any money there is an Indiana law regarding a person's publicity right it
was enacted after Dillinger died so sorry totally sounds like a cash grab thing against
a big corporation and he got basically laughed out of court everybody point and laugh hahaha
tiger claw links us one more story Miyamoto has said that virtual boy games on the 3ds
it could happen I guess wherever there's money to be made right it was in an interview with
game spot saying quote for Miyamoto well that's not my exact plan but something like that
could happen I can say that in my photo album on my Nintendo 3ds there is a photo of a virtual
boy so that says I do have a virtual boy at my disposal laughs only 14 games were ever
released in the West virtual boy color yeah I think it would be interesting to see them
visit some of those games they weren't terrible per se I mean they would be good what are
they charging for those three bucks I think they'd be good three dollar games yeah you
know like the Mario game nice to see them redone in color I think red I think it would
be neat to see them redo that but we'll see and hopefully this time they won't give us
migraines but we'll see that was the worst we'll see that does it for the twitter topics
night twitter.com slash olr say hi to us throughout the week more news stories mailbag soon skype
line after that we still have plenty more to cover so let's go to Loki ah yes so apparently
you know the long talked about connect for windows software development kit has finally
been released released the beta has and of course they have you know the versions available
for 32-bit and 64-bit and requires windows 7 and I guess it's for non-commercial use
so right now you can you know homebrew developers can make their own connect hacks or whatever
and show them off and one way may be able to show them off is actually in this new vote
for the next connect hack to become a connect fun labs toy they have voting up right now
for a few different hacks six well-known ones I guess the apps in question keyboard anywhere
it's basically like the keyboard from big you know or the floor keyboard where you can
play just by stepping around the ground virtual conductor which would be kind of similar to
like we music the conductor in that connect body art would basically take pictures of
you as you're moving around and you can kind of layer yourself throughout there they have
a really weird kind of hippie video for that hand puppets was shown off they had like a
bird hand puppet has been projected onto the wall that someone is manipulating with their
arm and when the camera saw you move your hand it would move the puppet as well so it's
kind of cool digital pin art which is like those pin art devices where you can kind of
make your hand imprint stuff like that they have that and then music visualizer which
would be kind of just like it sounds something you play music to and it kind of makes these
waveforms appear all throughout your room so those are all right now you can vote on
those on connect share.com and have you played connect fun labs yet no it's so dopey like
it is it's really one of those things is fun for five minutes and you're like oh okay but
it's real yeah it's free can't complain free achievement points if you're into that sort
of thing but I it's really the type of thing I think a bunch of people would get drunk
and have a lot of fun making the little mini movies like you know the one I did at the
Sailor Moon that was like you know I'll kill you and all that stuff but I don't know a
lot of it's kind of okay I would be with a keyboard thing to come out though that look
it needs to be longer than 15 seconds yeah they need to let you do more with that alright
anyhow moving on to one of the other announcements out of E3 was that there is a Silent Hill
collection coming not just a Metal Gear but a game that's dear to us the Silent Hill series
is getting an HD collection but here's the catch it's only on PlayStation 3 it will only
include Silent Hill 2 and Silent Hill 3 but there will be new high definition graphics
so right now it's a PlayStation 3 exclusive according to the producer Tom Hewlett quote
it's always been a primarily Sony platform series so right now we're just aiming at a
Sony exclusive which isn't to say that in the future it won't be available anywhere
else but right now it's a Sony exclusive they are looking at a fall 2011 release by the
way there is all new voice acting in this game as well it is being directed by Mary
Elizabeth McGlynn and so there's a new actor that's going to be in the series let's see
and I think a lot of this is because the other actor James Sunderland doesn't have such kind
things to say about his participation I'm sorry the guy who played James Sunderland
guy see he quote Konami knows that they owe me residuals for all previous unauthorized
reuses of my mocap and virtual performances it would appear Konami is seeking to avoid
further liability by changing the voice of their latest reuse of the Silent Hill 2 materials
however if any of my mocap appears in the new release Konami will be liable for unauthorized
reuse of my performance yikes I'll get around to seeking compensation through the courts
one of these days I simply don't have the time for it right now I hope this doesn't
burn out any fans it's just business as usual on the production side of games yikes so it
sounds like we might have the real reason why all new voice acting is coming to the
game anyhow one other thing I want to put out you know there is the Silent Hill downpour
game coming out soon which I don't know I think the shark might have been jumped on
Silent Hill we might be kind of be done with it and if we weren't if this wasn't the nail
in the coffin the game's soundtrack of course no longer by Akira Moka it's by Dan Licht
who did the music for Dexter the theme song is being written by Korn the metal band yes
that's right Korn is doing the theme song to the game hey remember the 90s you guys
weren't they awesome you know though I have to listen to the actual song first because
you know just because it's done by Korn doesn't mean it's going to be terrible there's a very
good likelihood that it's going to be terrible but you know there's some artists out there
that can do scores that aren't they aren't terrible but then again this is Korn so it's
not scoring it they're just doing the theme song well it's also though if you want to
look at versatility I mean Daft Punk did do the entire Tron Legacy soundtrack and it was
quite different than their usual stuff true but when that was announced everybody said
that's fucking awesome and that makes sense but Korn doing Silent Hills is kind of like
do not want like the guy doing the guy that did Dexter the score for Dexter doing the
score for this game I don't think it's gonna be that bad I think that would be yeah I think
that'd be all right I mean the reality is Akira Moka is moved on he's doing something
else now you're not gonna have that yeah so he's doing something else that's for sure
and speaking of Neon Genesis even the music game yeah yeah I heard about that that's not
as big project though no no no it's just weird yeah so we'll see what happens with the Korn
theme song hey some of you still some of you still love your Korn so maybe it'll be a great
thing I just don't when I think of Silent Hill and what bands would go good with that
I don't think a Korn I don't know pendulum Alan Wake had a pretty badass soundtrack actually
but they used a lot of old songs there was a Poe song on there Poe hasn't put out an
album since 98 I love Poe dude whatever songs like it just I was playing Alan Wake and like
chapter 2 or chapter 3 closes with a Poe song like it came out of nowhere I was like which
one it's fucking Poe haunted oh I know it's like a great song I was like oh my god this
game has Poe this is great here's something random Alan Wake has probably been in development
since 98 but yeah here's something random is that almost every CD that I've burned except
for my very last one has trigger happy jack on it can't talk to a psycho like a normal
human being yeah that's a great fucking love Poe however she needs to just put out a new
album get over all this I was abused by my record label show me on the doll where the
record label touched you I mean just I'm kind of over all that anyway Loki we'll save that
for a different podcast that's hilarious well how how about some Nintendo news how about
some Nintendo news well Mario Kart 3d is supposedly gonna have eight player local wireless racing
if it goes to plan and eight player online as well so basically Hideki Kono said that
it would have online play and they just weren't sure what exactly the configuration was but
that the goal is that you could have eight players both in local wireless and over Wi-Fi
so they also said that should be able to handle 60 frames per second with eight players in
both online offline 2d and 3d it's pretty cool and then in addition to that is red flare
3ds Japan is gonna be getting a bright red one with a looks like it's black on the inside
top cover and they actually put out some press about that around the e3 time and that it
looks like it's gonna they're also with new we bundles there's gonna be on June 23rd we
sports resort and a we remote plus in the same color as console it should be about 250
bucks or 20,000 yen the red DS looks red 3ds excuse me looks kind of cool I gotta say it's
a pretty awesome color if they'd had that at launch I would have got that color think
of an old Famicom yep although it is weird to me how the top screen doesn't change colors
I mean I guess it's part of the whole 3d effect thing I think I read somewhere that they can't
change colors because it would harm the 3d effect but whatever what I can see that because
your frame colors are gonna affect your perception that's why I like for some reason like displaying
most art is good on a room with a light pink wall okay well I understand that you can't
change the frame around the actual you know system but I mean they can change at least
the outside could all be one cuz I seem to remember the lid is still I don't know I haven't
it's mine is black so it doesn't really matter it is they do have like three different colors
on there three different shades of a color and so I they can do it but yeah yeah I don't
know the black around the outsides I put a link to the image in the chat room all right
all right well let's move on with some more news yeah it's not it's not too terrible but
anyways um so other fun stuff here I'm gonna talk a little bit about Nintendo and the Wii
U again and of course one things that people are asking because it's somewhat popular to
have some free to play games on different platforms Nintendo is not interested in freemium
games and saying that it hurts the value of games it says that's because I myself am one
of the game developers who in the future wants to make efforts so that the value of software
would be appreciated by the consumers it says although freemium games can make money through
ads and microtransactions they expressing concern about destroying the value of the
game software once again I think it's all because they want to sell virtual console
games for $5 versus 99 cents that you can get for a great game on some other platforms
like Android and the iOS and stuff like that not to say that all 99 cent games that come
out on those are very good speaking of which I just want to throw out there there's a big
sale going on this weekend on for for games for 99 cents on iOS and it's the company game
loft which you know they're a little because they they kind of rip off games but they they
do a pretty decent job from what I understand of ripping off games so I just bought two
of them because all the games are 99 cents right now I bought order in chaos which is
their Wow clone on the phone and I hear it's it's definitely not Wow but for an iPhone
it is kind of impressive and then eternal legacy which try to guess what it's a clone
of just from the little icon I already know it's literally I'll show it to dark soccer
in the bottom right hand corner there on my phone I just I just downloaded it while I'm
here would who does that look like to you yeah who did tell listeners who's that look
like very cloud yeah it's it's a Final Fantasy 7 rip off but they're 99 cents so I and I
hear they're good rip off so we'll see I'll tell you about those next week but anyway
sorry to deviate from the story so what's that mean exactly cuz Ghost Recon online is
a free play to game on a PC and it's gonna be on the Wii U well expect it not to be free
to play so that's kind of unfortunate also it's very long you know it's very far away
so maybe they'll change their mind but I don't know it's just Nintendo be Nintendo whatever
and of course you know people were hoping that you know because the Zelda 25th anniversary
is happening right now that maybe Nintendo's gonna do something cool like they did with
you know well I wouldn't exactly call it cool because all they did was port a fucking Super
Nintendo game to the Wii but they're hoping that there would be some sort of Legend of
Zelda anthology or something like that that would come out with you know all the Zelda
games you know on a disc or something and of course they said no they're not gonna do
that because they don't want to do the same thing two years in a row that was their excuse
they don't want to do the same thing two years in a row ah Nintendo you just make it too
damn easy you don't want to do the same thing two years around like re-release all these
old-ass games and you know mark them as new or I don't know it wasn't like Mario Galaxy
Mario Galaxy to release not too far apart I mean you know that's within two years about
new Super Mario Brothers we and New Super Mario Brothers me yeah they don't want to
do they're getting these not a game no no here's what they want to do they want to release
all that shit on a virtual console or you know for the 3ds or something charge you you
know separately for everything in my opinion they kind of already did it back on the Game
Cube too yeah they did it on the Game Cube as a pre-order bonus come on if that was awesome
see that's how you treat your customers by offering them something really fucking awesome
for ordering Wind Waker which I still think is a pretty awesome game but they just don't
want to do that they don't want to do it so whatever and you know what they're gonna do
I will bet you money you see cuz that that wonderful Wii U doesn't play Game Cube games
so that means it's time to do some more of those so was it virtual console Game Boy Game
Cube games it's no more the new play motion games remember how they had that for a while
where they're gonna take old-ass Game Cube games yeah like Peekman straight port them
over with Wii controls mm-hmm yeah that's what they're gonna do good times hey as long
as f-zero is one of those games because I'm kind of pissed that I didn't hear about a
new f-zero but I guess it was just dreaming anyway all right moving on to another story
isn't f-zero 64 right yeah but that's already on virtual console that's been all you know
what they're gonna do their import that shit the 3ds oh my god moving on this was a kind
of interesting story from the weekend it's about Duke Nukem Forever and it has to do
with those negative reviews and so forth I don't know if you heard about what happened
but on Twitter this gentleman named James Redner he is the founder of the Redner group
who was representing 2k games and was representing some of the games like Duke Nukem Forever
and so forth he actually put a tweet out that said too many went far with their reviews
we are reviewing who gets games next time and who doesn't based on today's venom he
followed it with bad scores are fine venom-filled reviews that's completely different he did
follow up his I don't know he was probably high or drunk when he did it he deleted the
tweets and then apologized saying that he was just acting under emotions he was just
being very emotional and his panties were very bunched and he wrote those tweets in
anger but 2k games sacked him they said 2k games does not endorse the comments made by
Jim Redner and we can confirm that the render group no longer report represents our products
that was a very public bitch-slapping of that but you know this is one of those things that's
not a very big secret that seems to go on in the industry and it's this very interesting
game of chicken that goes on between the big media sites and these you know people that
represent the publishers is the publishers will send games out early but there's always
kind of that expectation of well are you gonna print a good review and we've heard these
stories about embargoes that are allowed to be lifted only if you give the game a good
review and you know you can get a sneak peek at this game if you gave such and such game
a good review I mean it's shady shit that happens and that's why we tell you you know
a lot of times the the reviews that you trust most come from the indie sites that are buying
these games themselves and not going through these PR agencies I'm not I'm not knocking
all PR agencies because some of them do really great things and they do really help out and
get questions answered and so forth but unfortunately there's a lot of shady shit that happens out
there and if you don't think this happens on a big website that you like to read a lot
between that website and the agency you're you're really lying to yourself you know this
this is just a part of the industry I remember very vividly we went to a particular company's
thing and had to sign things saying we would not report on anything until I think it was
like the Monday after or something like that sure enough the Sunday night before all the
big websites got to leak some stories it was kind of shady so each got one so what you
do in that kind of case is you just start you know you quote them as the source I know
it's you just quote them as the source but then it's like you know you're sending people
back to the big websites and not anybody's supposed to start necessarily like for example
there was a story I read this week that went back about three different websites and people
kept quoting the one that was quoting the other one that was quoting the other one so
you know you can do that all right let's get to the mailbag every week at orange launch
radio we welcome your emails mailbag at orange lounge radio.com we're going to dive into
the email bag head first and read your emails dark soccer wants to set it out tonight because
she's going to be nursing her throat with some tea so she doesn't cough and die on air
so I'm going to read some emails tonight and we're going to start with a couple here from
holly d holly d and chat says are you guys going to make an orange lounge guild for rift
like you did with wow if so let us know the shard nothing official from my standpoint
I actually let my rift subscription lapse sorry it's just I didn't want to pay for multiple
games at once so I might go back to it later like if there's a really cool expansion or
something but I let it lapse so I don't know if there's enough rift people out there then
by all means we should start something but I don't know if we have a lot of olr listeners
playing rift we'll have to see ask on the forums that'd be a good place to check that
out orange launch radio.com holly sends us another email about sony and more hacks going
on so apparently being hacked once writes holly and taking the network down then again
then on a different website compromising millions of accounts it has happened again this time
it was not customer information but the entirety of the source code for the psn network how
sony never fixed the original vulnerability everyone waited for four weeks for psn to
come back for nothing that's not good that that leaked I'm not just sure if this level
of idiocy can be covered by the phrase monumental stupidity but I'm sure it's a start and we
get linked to a website uh she links us to a story from jupiter broadcasting.com which
I don't think I've ever heard of yeah let's see a hacker group got into hacking sony on
june 6th and they leaked the source court code to the sony psn developers network and
that could allow people to find more flaws with the sony system very quickly it could
also open up a private psn network they got all the source code and of course this was
all happening you know after sony was supposed to be fixed they were they used the hacker
group used a sql injection attack against sony pictures they got 150 000 records from
the database of more than 4.5 million records wow hackers gonna hack not that that makes
it right but uh again change of passwords use them um use different passwords on different
websites uh going to an email now from who's this from janai dear olr i found a horror
point-and-click game on the xbox live indie game section called decay i can describe it
as deja vu meets silent hill in an atmospheric way there are three episodes costing 240 microsoft
points each i think it is a highly polished game for an indie developer i would like to
hear your comments on this game and then he links us to the official site well i haven't
played the game yet but it looks like you can get more info at decay dot shining dash
gate dot se please note that is not a dot com it's dot se and uh yeah there's this whole
little trailer on the website for the game that is auto playing boo hiss i hate that
but apparently yeah it's this whole little point and click adventure game i haven't checked
it out i will have to take a look i like the idea of more point and click adventure games
on uh yeah it looks like there's part two part three part four is the final part that's
pretty cool i'll have to check that out oops why is twitter music playing audio fail moving
on to another email from joseo sumi ragawa greetings orange lounge radio i make music
videos using cutscenes from video games and i'm having trouble finding a download site
that uses the right kind of codec that works on windows movie maker it says that it's an
unregistered file hey loki you're good with movies right you should listen to this i make
movies using i'm sorry i make music videos using cutscenes for video games i'm having
trouble finding a download site that has the right kind of codec that works on windows
movie maker so if you three or the chat could help in directing me to that area i would
be grateful i'm looking for bayonetta cutscenes preferably how do you get cutscenes that you
can use in windows movie maker um i don't remember what exactly windows movie maker
uses i'm sure it's just windows media stuff i mean it's all about having the correct codex
on your system um on your pc so just download some of the community codec packs and stuff
like that and hopefully that'll work you can even dump youtubes to movie files right can't
you uh it's not the best quality you can if you have the right real player i use real
player to download them offline whoa real player still exists yeah actually a real player
has a download thing that'll convert it to mp4 or anything damn real players i used to
use to watch episodes of downloaded south park in like 98 or just like you know looking
for like some sort of universal file converters and stuff like that see if you can find anything
that it's meant for that because uh i've really i honestly don't use movie maker i use adobe
premiere so that usually doesn't have a problem opening anything here's some comments from
our chat room at chat.orangelandtrady.com scott pilgrim says there's your problem you
use windows movie maker but download the k-lite codec pack that should help uh frisbee says
get a linux distro and use kden live uh and sha100mat even uh backs it up saying download
something other than windows movie maker frisbee says or open shot uh it might that might be
tough because windows movie maker might be the program you're comfortable with but there
are other alternatives out there um basically the same i mean there's a little bit of a
learning curve but like for example premiere like when i first started using like what
the hell am i doing and then now i i kind of am a little bit more comfortable with it
now that i've used it for a while movie maker i tried using one time and i don't know it
it's a little too basic um we use adobe audition actually to produce the podcast and uh at
first it can look really overwhelming because there's all these features that you know for
a podcast you don't really need but all the you know sound uh the opening that you hear
was was kind of mixed together and audition you know so adobe products are pretty good
anyhow let's go on to the rest of the email here from jose osumu regala also i would like
to chime in with the new gimmicky systems announced at e3 both have really lame names
who who in their right minds came up with vita and weu shame on you sony nintendo we
saw this coming well thanks for reading my humble little you know vita i'm not too it's
a weird name but they also have the sony vio and you know that works i like the psv that
comes out of that i think that's might have been something they were going for but i only
had to do was like place psp2 why why is it it got to be something fancy like the vita
see i think that with that whole back thing they could have called it the the playstation
touch and then it could be the past think about it it'd be clever looking for group
buried and hold pst or the uh the p the playstation to reach around because you can reach around
the back that would have been awesome on the back uh weu is definitely one that's getting
a lot of like you know a lot of people have made the joke about i thought it was a university
for mario you know things like that but uh you know you gotta go well everybody everybody
made fun of we when it first came out so again let's see the games to back up the name although
it was a weird that weu does not give that control like i don't think of that controller
when i hear weu like i get what they were trying to go for is that well it wasn't really
about one person it was a part basically saying the we is a big party game system and we wanted
to make a system that wouldn't just be about party games that's that's kind of what i took
away from what reggie was saying but uh weu weird yeah weird weird all right uh moving
on with some other emails speaking of weu we have an email from rob who likes to email
us a lot and we like reading his emails i let the weu and subsequent chatter in the
back of my brain for a while and here's a few things that fell out number one weu like
michael patcher said is the dumbest name ever of course it is the most memorable memorable
name ever too it won't hurt the sales two weu is in danger by revealing its hand too
soon the ps vita could do the same thing for the ps3 if they want to steal the idea i'm
with you there rob above because the psp remember in 2006 they were showing the ridge racer
with rear view mirror uh also if the ipad had a working controller pad doc similar to
the weu tablet it could instantly steal the idea and look you can play your games anywhere
you want instead of being stuck at home the ipad 2 can already do that didn't i see a
story this week about some racing game that was being played through the apple tv unit
well they had that for a while where they're doing that and you could basically it was
real racing to hd and you can do that through the hdmi and uh use the tablet as like a map
and stuff so you can do that already and i mean that may be a way that they're going
to combat this stuff especially especially if they decide hey later on that we're going
to go ahead and you know put out apple tv that plays games then they're going to have
you know you're going to control stuff with your ipod or whatever and ipad and you may
have that similar type of stuff so i don't know and one more thing michael patcher thought
vita was the second worst name for a system i disagree since vita has meaning in and of
itself i need to give sony credit for it in fact his analysis of nintendo and sony indicate
a bias towards sony not backed up by history look ma i'm a video game analyst ra baba ps
i really hope the vita doesn't get the name of vita max i hope they start calling it vita
vita magic bedroom that's just me uh well i mean this patcher guy you could look at
him the same way we talked about reviewers earlier in the show i bet a lot of you guys
listen to us every week because you know we're the show where every gamer has a voice but
we're the three that you hear every week and you probably keep listening to us because
you kind of like what we have to say you know in our analysis i mean we we joke about it
on the show sometimes that we're also video game analyst or as i say video game analysts
but uh it's it's sort of true i think you guys tuned into the show because you like
our perspective on things and you know i don't know this guy i don't know this michael patcher
guy so i'm not trying to say this disrespectfully but what the fuck makes him so goddamn special
like you know i see his name everywhere and on these websites and stuff but he's just
some asshole spouting off predictions just like me i guess he has a degree or something
he works for uh web rush morgan i believe whatever you know what the guy does anyone
like call him out for all the stuff that he's wrong on no no everyone forgets and every
everyone reports about what he says it's just like when they were reporting about voldemort
talking about you know this and that and stuff and everyone reports on it because that's
what they do they're always saying something let's let's talk about it you know he he's
saying this he must have some insider information no he doesn't he's a guy guessing on stuff
i said he gets paid a lot more than he has a different background and again i'm not trying
to sound disrespectful like i mean i realize this comes off completely rude but i mean
my the reality is i care no more or no less about his opinion than i do rob of us opinion
they're equal to me they're both gamers you know what i mean and actually i like rob about
just a slightly more he actually listens to this show michael hatcher is not a gamer he
he doesn't know shit about games rob is great uh going to our chat room and chat dot orange
on twitter.com oh here comes ego boost you ready break man says we listen to you every
week because one week we expect dark soccer to announce her plans for world domination
and she needs followers right dude that was in like episode four besides that why would
i announce my plans for world domination her plan for world domination is give me a dollar
or a taco no why would i announce it because when it's going to be uh mysterious and who
knows i might have already taken over the world it's just that i don't want the response
we are this we already are the official video game podcast of the galaxy we are we we talked
about this a long time ago is that we've declared that we are the official video game podcast
of the galaxy and that's that dibs patent pending but actually i do have to say that
you know dominating the entire world think about all of the paperwork and all of the
stuff you'd have to manage i just like i'll let the world fuck itself up oh yeah we did
give bobby pluto we did give that bobby can have all of the dwarf planets series pluto
and it's oddly shaped moons all right moving on one other email last email tonight from
spazzinator who your space bar is broken or something like you have words running together
here you type like i was just typed on a psp i don't know but anyway i'm gonna do my best
to get through this email hey olr instead of the usual topics that i typically bring
up via email and twitter topics i thought i'd give my impressions of a recent downloadable
game release magic the gathering duels of the planeswalkers 2012 aka magic 2012 i forgot
that came out this week but it's only 2011 all right so fine magic 2012 is coming out
now these are the i i really like these kind of emails i want to hear reviews especially
on games i haven't played but i have a slight interest in i like the last magic game so
let's see for those out there that are unfamiliar with the magic games this is the second in
the series which is the video game adaptation of magic the gathering card game those who
have played the card game at one point or another will have practically no problem picking
up this game while newbies might have a marginally more difficult time with it due to the learning
curve but even then it's not too bad all in all it's a faithful recreation of the game
those who have picked up the original game last year really should pick up this one as
well there are no noticeable bugs at least on the psn version and from what i can tell
the devs have taken user input to heart and implemented much needed improvements while
it's not perfect it's a drastic improvement over the first assuming that you haven't picked
up the original game yet you want to pick up a cheap game i suggest passing passing
up i'm sorry i suggest passing over the original game and just going for magic 2012 frankly
i find this to be pretty damn fun in a major time scene rivaling the elder scrolls and
fallout series in terms of amount of time that will inevitably be spent in this game
while the single player stuff is fun and will be played a lot initially for the purposes
of unlocking stuff the real meat and potatoes of the game is the multiplayer which frankly
is a blast additionally if you're a trophy or achievement whore the 20 achievements or
trophies in the game are easy as hell to get even by my standards even my grandmother can
get them easily and she's been dead for 14 years wow that was morbid all in all i can't
recommend this game enough it is available for both xbox live arcade for 800 microsoft
points and on psn at its regular price for non ps plus members for 999 however due to
most people having a minimum of one month's worth of ps plus you can get the game at a
discount 799 so i give the psn version an ever so slight edge if only for that reason
dude and you're totally a sony fanboy don't even try tonight no but it's pricing is a
good point uh thanks for reading this email and sorry to dark sakura for sending this
wall of text i just wanted to be thorough with my review you should be so thankful she's
not reading emails this week because the whole space thing she would have screamed use your
space space space i'm the best of space space we were doing that on space mountain he was
he liked magic so much that the space bar got stuck we were doing that on space mountain
remember i do i remember that i'm the best of space so much space gotta see it all and
then we did it on star tours yes which by the way is an awesome ride is it a lot better
now that they've fixed it uh you know the old one was charming but it is definitely
modern now it's a lot smoother and it's just what i love about the ride is it just starts
right off with a bang like you know and you are on your way to whatever planet you go
to for the record we looked at how many different scenes and um at least with me and dan we've
got all the beginnings there were two different beginnings right we've got all but one of
the second one we didn't get hoth and i've been to hoth so it's cool it's the it's the
best one we got all three of the middle scenes the the third ones which is either yoda akbar
or leia it's a trap i know we're going to strip and then we got all but the last um
all but coruscant course for the last one naboos i i would say the riding the ride several
i've gotten i've seen all the last planets and i've seen all the i've seen every planet
now and i will tell you the best ones are hoth for the first and uh nabu believe it
or not the jar jar binks planet is the best because it has the best ending oh it was great
well i did like the the um the death star one the death star one was pretty rad that's
a close second of course con's not of of what we got though my favorite was kasheek because
i like wookies anyhow we'll stop nerding about star tours now and get to the fus of the week
it's the part of the show where we rant why because we can
f you to being sick it's it's not like it's a contagious disease it's all my sinuses and
it happens around this time of year i wanted to go swimming today as a result i laid down
for what i intended to be an hour nap at 10 30 i woke up at 3 30 having slept through
my alarm seven times apparently i kept resetting it in my sleep so yeah uh if you did the fact
that i felt kind of like sickly lately like my my side was hurting and the doctor couldn't
figure out what it is but at least it wasn't the same thing that put me in the hospital
in 08 so whatever and i had this weird head thing like i bruised my head or something
it fucking hurt like all week so if you did that and uh if you did the fact that my landlord
says we owe them seven dollars like what where did that come from apparently it was something
they just decided to throw on there a retro charge for something from april yeah what
f you lucky uh f you to uh fighting with my console and try to get it to work on my computer
right now took me a while because it was set the 1080i it really needed to be 480p and
i even did the thing to reset the uh graphics you know the quick little hold y and the right
trigger and restart your console but uh it just didn't want to work i got the work now
all right going to chat.org some follow-ups to some things from the email bag xenocore
is in chat saying to add to the email you can still you can get the magic game for free
if your psn plus is active you can play it for free as long as the playstation plus is
still on your account nice so if you want to uh go see if spazinator is correct in his
magic review you can use your 30-day trial that most people are on right now and check
it out it's pretty cool i like that all right uh let's move on to a couple more news stories
for you guys and then the skype line 1877 game olr we'll get to that in just a moment
uh moving on though first couple more stories loki and of course you know one story that's
been around ever since duke nukem forever was being announced that's coming out and
so on and so forth there was a guy with a really old gamestop pre-order for duke nukem
forever from back in 2001 and apparently the guy actually did get to redeem his pre-order
for duke nukem forever and um along with that uh gearbox even sent him a bunch of cool swag
and uh stuff like that so uh apparently he does like the game the guy that picked up
the game so good for him glad that they you know took your receipt that you kept all this
time all right one more new story for you guys and then we're going to open up that
skype line 1877 game olr or a username on skype is orange lounge radio and unfortunately
and on a bit of a sad note tonight it's another game studio who apparently has closed their
doors uh game republic is the studio apparently the website has disappeared it's no longer
online the tokyo offices now vacated uh apparently the founder yoshiki okamoto huge amounts
of debt and can't be tracked down so unfortunately it looks like they've closed some of the game
that they made majin and the forsaken kingdom uh folklore was another game that they made
and i believe they were the studio behind uh genji day of the blade if i'm not mistaking
uh the studio that's right of course infamous for the giant enemy crabs and while a lot
of people are pointing and laughing at that whole thing it's never any fun to report developers
losing their jobs it's a shitty economy right now no matter where you live all right let's
open up the skype line it's open now 1877 game olr our username on skype orange lounge
radio uh while we wait for those calls to come in i'm gonna ask loki if he has any last
minute stories um not really i mean there's not a whole lot else that we have the report
on i was gonna talk really quick though about uh there are some indie games that they're
showing off um and one of them uh was was it revolver 360 it's this game that's on the
xbox indie games and um it's pretty awesome i mean it just kind of goes to show you that
there's like hidden gems out there it's basically a kind of almost like a cave style shooter
it's just uh bullet hell like crazy but what makes it unique is that you can rotate around
in kind of this 3d um this like 3d sphere so you can rotate the environment around so
like if for example you have a you know bullets coming at you in a big line you can actually
rotate it so that they're um you know vertical to the screen so you can dodge past everything
uh kind of think of it like looking at tempest but kind of you know on the side let me go
to the phones we got a call coming in here hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
what up guys zenacore from the okc how y'all doing hey zenacore how you doing buddy you
know just hanging out ducking the man you know good time so are we uh so uh what's what's
on your mind i'm still pissed off about my yard's revenge purchase oh gosh i heard this
game was not so great but what what what happened to you well it the idea behind the game was
solid i mean it's just a cord yeah a old school corridor shooter like you know like lucky
and wild or anything else like that from the arcade at least that's the way it felt to
me when i was playing it but just certain rudimentary things that were going on slipped
through the cracks just like if it really got rushed i think is what happened to it
i hate that i hate that when games are so obviously rushed i mean the game is functional
but it looks like i mean the coders didn't finish putting the polish on everything when
you first started at least on the pc version what i'm playing it's not full screen you
can see the windows border yeah so i mean most savvy user you hit alt enter it will
go into windows mode but because of the age of my machine i can't put it in the direct
x10 so i'm not sure if i'm looking at the right graphics uh and the game play is a bit
rough it's just not polished i think it really got rushed which kind of disappoints me because
i sort of like the new idea they're going with it how do you feel about all these like
kind of uh reimagining i guess of classic games this is something atari has really done
a lot of and is going to continue to do over the next year i mean i think they've got a
centipede game coming out on 3ds uh warlords they've revisited i mean they're really trying
to bank on nostalgia redone i guess what do you think about that i bought into that initially
when they're doing that with the uh the xbox live arcade i got a lot of those games but
you know sadly all the multiplayer stuff hardly anybody plays them even when they first came
out plays a multiplayer which kind of disappointed me i was really looking forward to do like
tron deadly disc multiplayer and it's not happening so that was kind of upsetting but
as long as they add enough to the game to where if they're charging 10 bucks it feels
justified to me then it's fine they got to really polish it up or like what they did
with yards events they changed the whole dynamic and used it as a as inspiration for their
game i'm cool with that but just make sure you finish it you know give me finished stuff
that's all i want yeah it's kind of tough when you you know yards revenge was really
easily one of the top three atari 2600 games they ever released and just to kind of like
take a classic and just rush it oh that hurts it's not even that the game was badly designed
it's like the interface it's like normally when you're doing typesetting or whatever
you leave the text online or up on the screen long enough to where you can read it twice
it's bare if you're a speed reader you might just catch everything and be able to understand
what you're at it's it's that quick on screen even during during the game there's no speech
everything is in a chat bubble over on the corner you're not looking there in a hall
so you have no idea what the characters are saying to each other i'm barely i barely understood
what was going on but that's thanks for me reading lots of uh fan subbed anime and stuff
i'm used to looking at subtitles so i managed to catch everything uh what are the games
you've been playing lately anything else you want to throw out there uh not really doing
a lot of really anime watching and uh you know the overseas stuff the x-men stuff and
uh the the green lantern release that just came out recently the animated version oh
mainly keeping up with that speaking of green lantern did you hear the news today the new
movie uh it made 53 million which to me sounds like a lot of money but apparently considering
the budget and uh the marketing apparently they are calling that the very very low end
of expectations that uh doesn't bode well for a sequel later on yeah i think they're
initially predicting they'd get around 70 75 so i'm thinking that number is right around
where thor was well it did it i funny enough the story i'd read referenced the thor opening
and it did open below thor and when you consider that i i guess they said i which i found weird
the green lantern was more well known than thor and that was that was again the the source
that i read whatever but you could say that the actor in thor was an unknown whereas ryan
reynolds people know him so that was kind of an ouch yeah i think it's because everybody
knew he'd be better as a rile rainer or excuse me i get my lantern scared is screwed up here
but uh he's playing the wrong lantern in other words that we knew it so that's the problem
more more proof that deadpool should have come out already because you know he'd be
perfect for deadpool oh yeah we knew that yeah so that's given all right well we geeks
know all right i'm gonna let you go see of course we can take more calls but thanks for
the uh review on yours revenge uh no problem man take it easy take care one eight seven
seven game olr a username on skype is orange on radio i like this tonight it's like we're
getting reviews from everybody on games i haven't been able to touch this is pretty
nice so uh let's see if we get another one one eight seven seven game olr or a username
on skype is orange lounge radio let me ask you this dark sakura um while we're waiting
for some calls and loki left the room for a minute you know we're talking about nostalgia
on that last call in a game like yards revenge they've reimagined how do you you you really
still kind of live in the nostalgia world a little bit like you really probably play
more retro games than you do current games i mean that's that's not hidden by your gaming
weeks and so forth how do you feel about a lot of these reimaginings i really um it's
kind of weird for me because if they're done faithfully then i have no problem with it
if they take the basic concept and evolve it i'm really excited by that but if it's
just you know and my concept of butchering a game is pretty personal it's going to be
different for everybody but if they just take it and completely ruin aspects of it that
i thought were great then then no like if they took the guardian legend and filled it
full of blood no no all right let's go to the phones because we got more calls coming
in hi you're on orange launch radio who's this uh this is takey q takey q what's on
your mind buddy um this is more of like a loki question okay any tips on upgrading a
ps3 slims hard drive oh did you hear that any tips on upgrading a ps3 slims hard drive
just make sure you back up everything uh to something else first and then um it's pretty
easy i mean you just pop it in there and then format it um you do have to make sure it's
formatted fat32 i think though uh are there any online resources just search online there's
like uh there's a a thing from hp that you can format anything fat32 like i did my external
laptop you don't need that all you have to do is run it through dos yeah uh what do you
expand in the hard drive in your ps3 for you trying to fit more porn no just like i feel
like i'm running out of space on my 120 that came with it you know i have an 80 gig and
i feel like i'm starting to run out of space too and a lot of it is because now thanks
to the free games i'm installing these like five six gigabyte games on the drive and yeah
i'm kind of i'm kind of with you i'm ready to expand my drive too do you download a lot
of movies on playstation marketplace or is it all like game um well i'm mostly using
voodoo now for the streaming since i don't like downloading from the psn store because
it takes a while why do you uh like voodoo as compared to hulu and netflix i don't usually
hear that one but i'm curious it's more for like the new releases it's like walmart for
new releases so sometimes they have like a sale for like 99 cents for like a more recent
movie i can watch that netflix doesn't have right all right very cool and like the new
releases you can just stream it instead of downloading it you know download takes like
maybe two hours three hours or streaming you just it's there will i be able to watch this
game of thrones that everybody's talking about on there i got a torn that that that that
shows on sunday nights and so of course i've never seen it you know it's funny having done
this show for nine years like any tv show that's on sunday nights i just i don't ever
get to watch like it's pretty good though i can't be good yeah i hear that one's really
good and i can't tell you how many people over the years have said rob you would love
desperate housewives because i like that campy type of stuff and i guess that shows very
campy but never seen an episode sunday nights i'm like if it's on sunday nights i've never
watched it and i have another thing another question too sure um do you have to like download
the firmware update for the when you're upgrading the hard drive like i've read like articles
on it that you have to uh loki left the room for a minute so i'm not sure because i haven't
changed my loki firmware update do you have to do a firmware update when you change those
drives um i think you may have to redo the one your current firmware update to uh change
them over it says that you have to do it again and it's supposed to not work afterwards but
i put it i went from my 20 to my 500 maybe i didn't go back to my 20 i thought about
going back to my 20 but i never did can you use a usb drive with those this might be a
dumb question but you can but you can't store games to it oh interesting do you do movies
you put movies on there you can put like pictures music nice but you have to have certain directories
and stuff all right all right well uh any other thoughts for tonight before i let you
go um bye-bye socom why you say bye-bye socom didn't like the game i rented it and didn't
like the controls that you can't change it oh i hate that customizability should be like
one of the first easy things to think about out here so i'm i'm very uh i guess call of
duty player where you get you gotta have the triggers to fire and sight iron sight see
so and it's we're doing it on the rnl buttons instead of the triggers all right well we're
gonna let you go and we get some more calls but thanks for your call and good luck with
the ps3 upgrade all right thank you all right later 1877 game olr or a username on skype
is orange launch radio we can probably fit one more call in tonight so uh we'll see if
we get any other calls we're out of last minute stories right so we'll just uh we'll see if
anybody calls oh there it is lighting up there's always that little delay between uh when we
say something when it goes out over the air hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
it's the one and only ronma of course i knew you i knew you'd get through eventually ever
since you said in chat that i missed your twitter topic sorry about that it's okay i
forgive you i wasn't reading chronologically this week because we got a few that i wanted
to make sure i mentioned before today so that's why i screwed up but anyway fair enough what's
on your mind duke nukem forever ah what about it it's a guilty pleasure game to me the game
is so bad it's just good so it's like the showgirls of video games something along those
lines yes what uh tell us about how this game is so bad it's good like give give an example
of something in the game that happens where you're like oh my god this is terrible and
i love it for example um if you remember from the demo there are two twins in the game they're
called the wholesome twins mary and kate so no secret what that's parodying huh yeah pretty
much and they show a video clip of them doing a video to a song called full house oh it's
terrible very terrible i heard something about they die horribly later on like spoilers omg
but i i don't know i'm at the point where the aliens kidnap them and dukes all pissed
the fuck off about it i i hear it's not a pretty ending like it actually has some people
kind of saying that that's where that is exactly where the game crosses the line just so you
know i won't ruin it for you but you don't kill the hot chicks you don't do that i hear
the ending is like wow but we'll see uh so what do you think about these websites that
are giving the game a zero i think the sites are giving the game a zero are coming from
people who did not grow up playing the original duke nukem 3d it sounds like these are people
that are younger than me who don't know that ass from a hole in the wall also they're counting
on the fact that gearbox is working on so they expected something big like borderlands
as i said before all gearbox said that they were going to do was put the game out they
never said what they're going to exactly and so the weight of 12 plus years is like okay
let's see what you got it seems like they were just looking for a reason to just blast
a game here comes dan the man wants to say something on this topic yeah it should be
on just make sure oh god geez it makes everybody wonder why they weren't putting it out oh
because it sucked nuts and they knew it they were like holy fucking god we can't fix it
it's terrible and there you go that's what you all fucking get oh my god fucking even
gearbox couldn't polish that turd and gearbox rules great duke nukem's over fucking finish
the next brothers in arms or whatever the fuck you're doing and get to work on borderlands
too but rama says rama's review of the game is that this game is so bad it's good i hope
to find out when i'm done with the game i will ship it overnight to you so you can play
you don't have to i'm getting a copy well there you go uh sg100 matt in the chat room
is making a request that that should be the next game i have my mom watch me play and
we'll see we'll see we already got our mortal combat reactions i could see that really i
could yeah all right well anything else you've been playing lately you want to share real
quick no i really well i've been playing games on my phone really so you know have you wait
do you have an iphone no i have an android phone okay i was going to ask if you've been
playing these game loft games and if they're as horrible of a rip-off as everyone says
they are the only corporate game portable mini game i've been playing is words with
friends but due to my job i just keep forgetting to log in and catch up with playing you know
okay other than that i just found like this knockoff of a pipe dream game i find myself
playing all the damn time all right well rama we're gonna let you go so we can wrap up the
show but thanks for calling oh wait you didn't go to nintendo world today that surprises
me ask number one i didn't even know about it and number two i am so backlogged from
anime next i just been sitting here working on videos and uploading them all day that's
all i've been doing is just post-con work i was just saying i was looking at jv mom
pictures and black luigi was nowhere to be found see now i have a phone to pick with
jv markers he has my number he could have texted a brother and said this was going on
i i wouldn't have to wear black luigi but i i sure as hell have a a black zelda outfit
i could easily throw them together and showing the fuck up with i know you are gonna hate
me for this but i have to say it because you're black and because you cosplay and because
i've been playing final fantasy 13 all week when do i get to see your sas believe it or
not 2012 because i have a friend who actually made me his guns so maybe i would say anime
boston but fuck anime boston pax east i may be walking around this size i just want
to see the chocobo in your hair that's i i just do you know how many people want to make
the i don't want to make the wig with the chocobo in it i'm like first person that does
it gets it to me first is the winner simple as that i'll tell you what if i can lose enough
weight i'll be snow i'll be the guy that everybody hates no no no no i don't need you as
snow we can't have that what you want me to be vanille i want you to be lightning well
rob you're fabulous enough to pull it off so why the fuck not thank you i think no even
better i got one better for i go since salacious pop loves panty and stocking the two of you
should do panty and stocking you should wear a red zoot suit and have a gun and he should
wear a black suit with the matching wig and have a sword like only only if you go as garter
belt he's not even here and i can just tell you he's sighing you so hard right now and
i will show up as garter belt damn it all right we're gonna let you go well then we'll
have loki show up as chuck chuck oh okay i keep saying we're gonna let you go but then
we get questions from chat uh frisbee says weren't you gonna boycott nintendo no not
yet okay i am holding out i'm holding out frisbee nintendo 3ds mario kart 3ds i am a
whore for 3d for mario kart okay that's what i'm waiting for frisbee we all said that night
he announced it here on the show we all said i give it a week i think we all said that
and sure enough god damn you all all right all right take care rama all right later bye
always fun to talk to rama here on the show we are going to close the skype line i'm sorry
to those that didn't get through but remember you can always send us an email orange lounge
radio dot com mailbag at orange laundry.com or there's a web form on the site of course
twitter twitter.com slash olr you leave us a voicemail as well uh when you don't get
through you get a voicemail i do play some of those sometimes at the start of the show
uh or what have you so you can always leave us a voicemail um anyhow that's that we're
gonna wrap it up and get on out of here for the night um but thank you guys of course
for tuning in and listening uh i want to say of course before we go get everybody's final
thought you guys are the reason why we're here every week thank you guys for listening
if you enjoy what you hear here at orange launch radio please just tell a friend or
two about the show help us spread the word about orange launch radio we would really
appreciate it because we're word of mouth we don't we don't get pr firms that work with
it well there's a there's a couple small ones that do and we are grateful for that but none
of the like big big companies really want to work with us even though we've been here
for nine years but you know we're just we're just a small little dog and pony show but
you guys and your word of mouth you help keep this show going and keep it alive and all
that so thank you very much let's go around and get everybody's final thought for tonight
uh loki since he's busy playing child of eden over there i see what's your final thought
tonight that game is awesome it really is awesome i don't know it's i can't wait to
play this on hd tv it's really cool all right uh quick impressions there uh my final thought
tonight is pink berry dark soccer your final thought tonight you're sick you can't do it
and off off goes your mic all right anyhow i'd get it uh that does it for another week
of orange lounge radio we will be back next week to do it all over again with the ninth
birthday show uh looks like we are going to have a guest here in studio someone that's
been on the show before but who we always like having on the show it's going to be a
lot about reminiscing in the past next week and uh just uh talking about the good old
days back in my day who knows maybe this week dark soccer and i will go to rvgl just for
just for shits and giggles no we'd be going there to cry all right have a good night everybody
we'll see you next week on orange lounge radio good night you've been listening to orange
lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
