Tonight, June 26, 2011, could the 360 see free to play games?
Xbox brings Kinect functionality to advertisements, and can Silent Hill be scary without Pyramid
Head?
Hello my friends out there on the internet once again, and welcome back to another week
of the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my awesome
co-hosts as I have joined with them for the past nine freaking years.
Say hello to the one and only, DarkSakura, Jamie Sowers.
Who let you in my house?
That's right, I did.
How are you?
I'm recovering.
Recovering from?
Sinus infection.
Oh, I was going to say.
Remember I had a sinus infection last week.
I was going to say it's Pride weekend, so maybe you were recovering from-
I'm recovering from the gay.
All right.
Say hello as well to the one and only tech master, Loki, who is setting up something
tech right now.
What are you doing over there?
You're like getting your, his Xbox.
He's hooking up the Bloom Box.
His Orlando Bloom autographed Xbox.
Why?
Because he could.
Yes.
For no good reason.
What are you going to play on there?
Are you playing Child of Eden again?
I don't know.
I haven't decided yet.
He's just hooking up.
He just wants to play.
Galgun.
He just wants to play games.
Galgun.
I don't want to play Galgun.
We have special guests joining us tonight.
Of course, as always, you guys in chat.
Chat.orangelandre.com.
You join us live and we read your comments here.
It is a show where every gamer has a voice.
We will have the phone lines open later despite that little tease I gave on Bobby's show
beforehand.
We will have the phone lines open later.
And of course, Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R. Email bag, mailbag, orangelandre.com.
They get it all?
Someone didn't put it on the show roll.
Whatever.
It's not there?
No.
Oh, well, we are doing the mailbag at some point.
When is a mystery to everybody?
Anyhow, let's introduce the guests we have here in studio.
We have some blast from the past here to celebrate nine years of O-L-R with us.
As mentioned on Bobby's show, when you have your 100th episode, your 200th episode, your
five-year episode, you kind of run out of, like, the ego stroking gets a little old.
But we thought, what better way to mark nine years of O-L-R than to invite somebody who's
on a show that's even older.
So say hello to the one and only Jessica Harper is here tonight.
I thought you were going to say, you know, when you're talking about ego stroking, who
better than Jessica Harper?
Is that another word for it?
How are you, Jessica?
I'm doing just fine.
Welcome.
This is, you know, some of the dinner people from back in the day of Maundy Days know you
as Iguana Girl, the queen bee of DDR Freak for quite some time.
Exactly, yeah.
The queen bitch.
But we got all the DDR Freak gossip, you know, a few months ago when you were on the show
last.
So I don't know how much of that we want to revisit.
We'll see how much wine we get in yet.
Yeah, I know.
That's pretty much, but I have to make sure I don't have too much.
But of course, you're here tonight to help plug the Under Sedation Live 10-year anniversary
show is coming up.
It's coming up on July 16th.
We will have 10 years and we'll be sealing Rob away for that night.
So he'll have to have the fun of doing two shows in one week.
Because as you guys may or may not know, I was doing Under Sedation Live back when it
first started back then.
It was before OLR.
OLR was a spinoff of Under Sedation Live in some ways, you know, in some ways, just like
DDR Freak Radio, which again, another blast from the house right there, was a spinoff
of Under Sedation Live.
So we all kind of formed our own stations based off of that station.
Yes, we all hatched out of that egg and somehow we all came out looking like Lady Gaga, our
respective shows.
I came out looking more like Rudall, but I don't know.
Complete with the CGI face on the very odd, all right, anyhow.
As long as you make sure I'm wearing an octopus and have, you know, a big, huge building on
my head, I'm all good.
Wait, are you going for the Ursula look with the octopus?
Exactly, in the building, you know, I have to have the large building.
Which by the way, can I just random tangent?
I was at Disneyland.
I had to go without Alan because, you know, it was just finances being what they were.
But there's two things that Alan loves.
He loves Hello Kitty and he loves Ursula.
And you know what I was able to find at Build-A-Bear?
Hello Kitty Ursula?
A Hello Kitty and I put an Ursula costume on it.
There you go.
And it's the best thing ever.
Yeah, I'm sure, I'm sure.
That was awesome.
All right.
We will talk video games, I promise.
Oh, and her name is Divine.
Yeah, her name is Divine.
Anyhow.
It's more appropriate.
We'll talk video games in a moment.
But I have to introduce another blast from the past.
And this is somebody who wasn't on Under Sedation Live, but he was on many, many, many early
episodes of Orange Law and Tradeo.
And then he disappeared.
But now he's back.
Say hello everybody to the one and only Intern Drew is back tonight.
Hey, what's up?
You can't keep me away from this place for long.
And still having a little bit of wine right now.
And it's going to affect me far more than it will Jessica.
This is creeping me out because back when the 23rd Magus was on the show back in the
day, you weren't old enough to drink.
I was 17.
Oh my God.
I'm so old.
And now I feel old.
But I've been here for nine years.
He was also shut up with all of that right about now.
He was also our resident young Republican.
From the two females in the room, can we both say shut up?
Yeah, well, nobody's perfect.
And now I'm this is reminding me of my first show because once again, it's actually it's
it's Loki that has the pizza this time.
And I'm the closest to the floor.
So yeah, feeling old and moldy right now.
This reminds me of the first show too because I had a migraine that day.
Just wait for it to be hot in here.
I know it's gonna get hot with all these and the AC is on.
We can turn up the fans on the window open now and we'll figure it out.
All right.
So guys, once again, if you want to join us in our chat room chat about orange lounge
radio dot com, you can join us.
And yeah, join in the party and comment on the shows.
Break Man starts us off saying he left and comes back and is still an intern.
Lol.
Absolutely.
Because as long as he's an intern, we don't have to pay him as she 100.
Matt says, Oh, God, hide your soundboard tables.
That is one of the highlights, I guess you could say, of our history was the night the
23rd Magus.
I'm going to call him that all night long because it's retro, broke the soundboard.
Well, he didn't really break the soundboard, but he, what'd you do?
You leaned up against the card table that soundboard was on and the whole damn thing
just collapsed and we wouldn't get legs knocked off.
Yeah, we went dead for a good 30 seconds and all the chatters are like, Oh, the stream
went down.
I don't get it.
I'm still connected.
You broke the show.
Yeah.
And then it turned out drew broke the show.
They could see that was back when we had the webcam, Justin TV cam and I would hide on
the couch.
That's right.
And we had to be on cam and it was, it was better set up there.
So we had the Justin TV cam back then and the, everybody could see what was happening
on the Justin TV cam, but they couldn't hear it.
So it was funny.
Anyhow.
You know what?
We should actually, we don't have that footage cause we could totally redo it as a silent
picture.
So eat gads, the table has fallen.
So this week on orangelaunchradio.com, our website, Dark Tetsuya, who bless, bless his
heart.
He's like the only person that's actually writing content for the site right now.
And I know I'm thinking I need to make a new year's resolution.
I'm saying a new year of OLRs resolution actually write content for the website because it's
it's we need to get more people visiting orange launch radio.com and posting on our forums
and stuff.
And I think a lot of that comes with content, but a dark Tetsuya had a lot of fun reading
the blast from the past that were on there this week, the where are they now series that
he was doing where, you know, a lot of, a lot of people, and I get not everybody listening
to the podcast now would get it quote unquote, because by the time we were actually in iTunes
as a podcast, we had moved on from being just a show about dance dance revolution and beat
media to DX and the tournament scene and so, so forth and all of that.
So I get a lot of people didn't really follow the scene in those days, but it was kind of
fun to read about what's happened to a lot of those people.
Of course, you can't mention the money culture without get it, stop it.
But one of the people that was interviewed was Jessica, and you can read her article
up on there and see what she's been up to, or she'll just tell us about it tonight.
It's not like it was that much more than you guys already know.
Yeah.
I think actually the last time I was here, you got a heck of a lot more juicy stuff than
you ever possibly could on me.
Well, I know one thing you've done since the last time you were on the show is you actually
went to the place where we all used to hang out.
You went to Roseville Golf Land, which over the years we've called the place where video
games go to die because we've slowly watched this arcade that used to be like our, our
turf, so to speak, just slowly morph into gambling machines for children that spit out
tickets.
Yeah.
And nothing else.
And what did you feel walking into Roseville Golf Land and just kind of seeing it now?
I wanted to cry.
Did you?
I really did.
It was just pathetic.
You walk in and it previously, one of the only reasons why I would still even go there
was because there, there was a 2DX machine for a period of time there, it's gone.
There's still two DDR machines.
They're now in a back corner, tucked away where people like to walk over the pads even
more so than they did when they were prominently displayed towards the middle.
And keep in mind, Roseville Golf Land is also a water park.
So a lot of times during the summer that will be wet feet walking over electronic machines.
Exactly.
Genius people out in Roseville.
Or playing on the machines with their wet feet and leaving all of their water behind.
The only machines that are there, you have an extreme machine.
I'm sorry, Max2 and Disney's Rave.
And that's it for DDR.
And Drummania, there's no drumsticks.
There's a stool that's attached by a big, huge metal chain so that you can't move it.
And the Guitar Freaks controllers were upside down and on the floor when I looked at it.
But oh, of course, they had to have newer style machines.
Everything else was okay.
Plus a big, huge Tetris machine, which I don't understand.
I played that.
Yeah.
That thing's frightening.
And hard to control.
Wait, Tetris is back in the arcade?
What?
It's a huge mungus.
It's a big ball.
What?
I took a picture of it.
The controller's a big ball.
Hold on, let me find my picture of it because I took a picture.
It's a Tetris game that's a giant ball.
Each controller is a huge ball and the screen is like twice my height.
Yeah.
And there's a button on each side of the ball and to move things, you have to move the ball
around with your hands.
It's awkward Tetris.
Awkward Tetris.
That's exactly...
Well, it really is.
It's awkward.
It's hard to play too.
Awkward, phallic Tetris.
No.
With about half the size of the normal amount of lines or actually a third of the amount
of lines that you would normally have.
And it's still kind of hard to get any at all because it's like, oh, you want it here?
Well, we're going to move you one block over because it does not center.
Yeah.
We've got some comments in our chatroom at chat.orangelandtrader.com.
Let's see.
SSGA 100 Matt says, every golf land is like that though.
Yeah, but every golf land is not in Roseville and Roseville is a special place because everyone
there is privileged.
Yeah.
Keep in mind that all of these horrible things that are happening to the arcade are complete
opposite as to what's happening to every other portion of the golf land sun splash experience.
You have sun splash, which just keeps on growing and they keep getting more rides.
And now there's this giant two level parking garage area so that everybody and their little
brother can park.
I do appreciate the fact that they have more parking because it was annoying having the
park like in and out in order to make it to sun splash.
You had to hike in.
During summertime, yeah.
Yes.
The rest of the year was no problem.
No.
Here it is.
And see, that's the thing too is they forget, hey, you know, it does get cool at some point
and you can't ride the, you know, slides.
Hey, it's a Sega game.
It's Tetris by Sega.
That's kind of neat.
It's Tetris giant.
Interesting.
And there's the ball and the ball is seriously like the size of my head.
Also in our chat room, uh, chat.orangewonnage.com, the Rob D says, ski ball is also bring your
own ski balls.
Actually, I did play around a ski ball last time I was at our vehicle and you know how
like a bunch of balls are supposed to come down like nine balls, but if the machine is
short and it only give like three balls and then it'll keep refilling.
I had two.
Yeah.
So I had to literally wait after I would throw two balls for, I did play a ski ball while
I was there.
Okay.
Um, the one on the very far left, it would shoot out a bunch of tickets at you, but then
if you, it didn't matter what you scored, there would be no more tickets that would
come out.
Whereas any of the other ones would give you like three initial tickets and then it was
based on score from that point on.
So if you really want, you know, unless you were really, really good at ski ball, you
always want to go to the one on the left because it shoots out something insane like 18 tickets.
Orange Lounge Radio giving you the pro tips.
Exactly.
Well, and the whole reason why I ended up resorting to the little kiddie gambling games
is because I had this card that had something to the tune of about a hundred credits on
it.
And that's right.
They went through the card system.
That's how long it's been since I've gone there.
I think I have tokens still.
Yeah, I think at one point in time I tossed a $20 bill on to get a card so that I could
play 2DX and I played for like an hour that one day and went, oh, I'll just go ahead and
save this card and bring it back for next time.
And this was the next time.
Speaking of which, Rob, do you remember, uh, remember I was going to Dave and Buster's
like the first year we went to E3?
I'm still using that damn card.
Like I don't go there ever.
And I had like, I had to go for the two for one arcade night or whatever it's called.
Um, yes, 23 Maggots.
Stop doing that.
All right.
Drew Nami, intern Drew, whatever.
I, I, I, I grew up, dammit.
I swear to God I grew up just not much.
No, I still have my, uh, my Dave and Buster's card from when I went there the first time
for one of Jamie's birthdays.
Yay.
Like back in the day when I used to go every year.
Yeah.
Back in the day where I still couldn't have a drink.
Oh.
So before we get into our gaming weeks, which is how we're usually supposed to start off
the show, but you know, it's a birthday show.
Just deal.
Uh, I want to talk, cause we were talking about turf and how the Rosewood Golf needs
to be our turf.
But I got to tell you one of my favorite just memories of the past nine years when it comes
to when arcades are actually fun and that would be as ghetto fuck as it is, Scandia
Family Fun Entertainment Center, because I'm just going to say it, we own that fucking
joint for a short period of time.
Oh yeah, we did fucking, that was our turf.
The whole reason is, you know, when you get friendly, when you befriend the game tech,
the game tech manager, then you own everything and that was the only reason why we had such
a good time at Roseville after a while was because he got moved over there and started
working over there.
We're like, Hey, you know, could you put a good word in for the Milwaukee games for us?
But nowhere was it more apparent that we fucking owned Scandia than, than that tournament that
we had there.
The two tournaments, I don't even remember.
We did March Madness.
Okay.
I want to see the other one, which is normally a barrier tournament.
I'm telling you, we monopolized the birthday party room with our room where we were deep
frying Twinkies and selling them.
Why?
Because we know because it sounded funny because Justin B thought it would be a good idea.
The hell ever happened to that kid?
I don't know.
He doesn't use, I think he like remixes remixing stuff.
So we need to get him to one of the songs, one cage match once.
Yeah.
And don't forget that for shaft, the pad broke.
I do.
I do remember that.
And I had to run back home and go get my hard mounted soft pads.
If that tells you how old school this is, kids, there was no such thing as a cobalt
flux back then.
It's hard.
Yeah.
It was my custom hard mounted soft pads that we ended up using for one of the routines
for the competition.
Good times.
I beat my first nine footer on those pads.
Me too, actually.
Or no, my second, I think my second, I think my second was on those pads.
I beat my first nine footer.
But, um, yeah, I mean, and then I remember there was the little gazebo that was out there
before you could go out to the golf course and just, it was all the, you know, Bay area
DER people just took over that place and like families are trying to come in there and stuff
and we get scared off by the conversation that was going on.
I mean, it's just, we, we re we ruled the school there.
It was awesome.
I'm pulling out with random tunic tunic tunes and yes, except for the batting cages, those
we didn't touch.
And then you remember like all the bad things that happened to that place, like the time
that they took it to the best of Sacramento or something like that and the speakers fell
off or the marquee fell off of the thing and they put like boombox speakers up there or
something.
Although I do remember that we, we had the donated subwoofer for 2DX that would vibrate
your knees.
Yes.
That was awesome.
It was great too, is that, um, because we knew the arcade tax, uh, a DDR fourth mix
machine would load edits that you made at home.
You could actually save a limited number of edits on the machine and he used, he would
load our edits.
And I remember we had, uh, I, or at least I don't know if me or you, we had an edit
for kick the can called big cans, all it was so, so you could fire up big cans and you'd
see it on the machine now playing big cans.
And what it was is that it would start for like, you know, the song started with this
fun little dance for like four measures and it was just a giant break in the song.
So people would literally start big cans, play the first four measures, run a lap around
the entire arcade and get back just in time to hit that last don't remember that the hell
at it competitions too, which I've won lots of good porn that way.
Make it, make it and get porn.
Yeah, it was awesome.
That was one of the, that was one of the early things on OLR.
I remember someone, someone passed my hell at it, my DXYM hell at it.
That was, it was that skinny kid, Dave.
He won.
Sign and beat it.
He won.
When we went on the moderator trip for DDR freak back when sign and beat it, I bought
him dinner and we, we, we can't forget the awesomeness that was a chaff that was a Wendell's
famous roast beef routine.
Yes.
And we of course can't forget the travesty that was my attempt at freestyle, which we
shall never hear of again.
God damn it.
Wasn't that the first time I ever did my Dr. Dick character too?
Yes.
Imagine me doing drag, but not doing drag, that was my Dr. Dick character that I would
do.
Didn't Dr. Dick eventually though turn into Mr. Spanky?
On the, on OLR.
So OLR is the spiritual successor to all of that.
Like Rob, but gayer.
Anyway.
All right.
Look, we got to get into...
There's gayer than Rob?
Hey.
All right.
We got to get into...
Oh girl.
I'm sorry.
That's still supposed to come in a couple of weeks.
That's when I get to start attacking you again.
I can't wait.
I guess I have to play nice.
This is a warm up.
Warm up.
Oh boy.
Oh no, no.
You can continue.
I'm enjoying it.
I'll just sit back here and go, writing this down.
He's like crap.
Now I remember what it was like.
So if you think our reminiscing tonight is bad over nine years ago and everything we
were doing back then, just wait until next year because I'm telling you, we're renting
the Masonic Lodge or something and we're just gonna, we're gonna rule the school and get
everybody in one place.
Get out all the DDR pads, have like an OLR con or something.
That's my dream for a 10th anniversary thing.
And get everybody in one roof and just blow the roof off the place.
Be fun.
Good times.
This is our awesome sack anime panel that we did.
Yeah.
Eight in the morning.
About three years ago.
Oh, that was so, I think I like had like a double coffee.
Literally two people showed up.
Yeah, you and one other kid.
But you know what I got out of that whole thing?
My Dalek.
All right.
I have that on reserve for you, Jamie.
Let's move on guys.
Let's get into your gaming week and the video games you've been playing this week.
Nine years later, what are the console games or PC games making up your week?
Dark soccer.
Wow.
Damn it.
But I'm actually going to be getting myself a month card for Star Trek online so that
my Scottish fleet mates will not keep harassing me.
Are they missing you?
They miss me.
Well, okay.
One of my fleet mates is on my Facebook and he's such a nice guy.
He's actually the first person that I met in game there that I chatted with other than
someone who was actually role playing Captain Jack Harkness from Torchwood, which was gorgeous.
But we, we, we just ended up chatting and we were the same level and we kept playing
and then he got me into the fleet and I was like, Ooh, I get to listen to Scottish men's.
That's awesome.
So I might be getting a month on STO before the fun's going to dry.
All right.
So thinking about more MMOs to go play.
Initial D extreme stage.
We're going to have news later on tonight about a pretty big MMO that is going free
to play.
So I'm curious if that's going to be something you're going to want to go to as well.
It'd be interesting to see just free MMOs are good.
Except for Ragnarok online, which I played for what, nine years in various forms of,
well, when I started playing, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
When I started playing, I started on the Korean beta.
So I was playing on the Korean servers for free because it was in beta.
And then I played on the Japanese servers when they kicked us out of the Korean servers.
And then I played on the American servers when we finally got them.
And I played all the way up until it went pay to play.
And then I actually started paying for it.
And then I went to private servers because the mods were jerk faces and would do random
attacks on the towns.
Yeah.
I remember that.
You dragged my ass into it.
I couldn't leave town.
Yeah.
You can't leave town because you'll just...
Oh, dead.
Oh, because it was Halloween.
Ooh.
Oop, dead.
That's fun.
Walk alone.
And then the whole thing is like, oh, you're walking alone.
Oop, dead.
We're putting a random mob there.
Yeah.
How about no?
Yeah.
So no more RO for me.
All right.
Well, let's go over...
Oh.
One more thing.
Okay.
Lots of peggle in WoW.
Because I've been sitting my ass in queue for 35 minutes a pop because I like DPS too
much.
Done.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I didn't play a whole lot this week.
I played, let's see, some more Child of Eden, which is, it's pretty awesome.
I actually got to play it on the HGTV this time.
It does get quite difficult when you're using the controller, like about even like the third
level in or whatever.
So I'm actually looking forward to trying it with the Kinect.
I think it'll be a lot more accurate.
Played a bit of Shadows of the Damned, which is a very strange game.
And there's lots of penis references all throughout the game.
Just the entire fucking game is just penis references.
But it's cool.
Where can I buy this game?
At your local store.
It's basically Suda51.
I mean, well, there you go.
That's why.
It's all crazy.
Suda51, the guy that created Resident Evil, and Akira Yamaoka doing the soundtrack.
It's pretty awesome, though.
It's kind of a third person action game where your girlfriend gets, you're a demon hunter
and your girlfriend gets killed.
And basically this demon lord takes her into hell and you have to go after him.
And they're calling it a road, was it like a road trip movie in hell.
We actually have a clip from the game.
This is Shadows of the Damned.
This is a clip actually from the Akira Yamaoka soundtrack.
I know a lot of you have been eagerly anticipating hearing some of the soundtrack.
Here you go.
Gentlemen, here's a little number I tossed off recently in the Caribbean.
Isn't it awfully nice to have a penis?
Isn't it frightfully good to have a dong?
It's swell to have a stiffy.
It's divine to own a dick.
From the tiniest little tadger to the world's biggest prick.
So three cheers for your Willie or John Thomas.
Hooray for your one-eyed trouser snake, your piece of pork, your wife's best friend, your
pussy or your cock, you can wrap it up in ribbons, you can slip it in your sock, but
don't take it out in public or they will stick you in the dock and you won't.
Come back.
Thank you very much.
There you go.
That's Akira Yamaoka.
It's a weird direction he's going in now with his music.
You know what, Rob?
I used to, it was me and a bunch of my friends would go to the one Denny's in Mobile, Alabama
and sing this as loud as we could around 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock after we were done doing
whatever it was that we little degenerates were doing, you know, like there's shit to
do in Mobile, Alabama.
Except play live action vampire.
LARP.
LARP.
Naturally you pick the Denny's because that shit will get you kicked out of Waffle House.
Yeah, that will get you kicked out of Waffle House.
You laugh at that rendition of that song there, but actually your gun, which is Johnson, yes,
he keeps referring to as Johnson the entire time, actually the voice is very similar.
All right, so you've been playing Penis of the Damned and what, two penises up or?
It's awesome.
It's a pretty fun game.
I'm actually looking forward to, no, I'm never going to finish this game.
You know why?
Because Earth Defense Force.
So, Insect Armageddon is going to be coming out, not next week, but the week after.
But hey, you know what, I don't know if I can get it early.
And that's all I'll be playing at the end of this next week.
So I don't care about finishing this game or anything else because this game will take
over my life.
Great.
So when we ask you about your gaming week for the next six months, it's going to be,
ah, I played Insect Armageddon.
What if, what if, what if, what if it sucks?
It's going to suck.
The first game sucked, but it was fun.
That was the whole point.
Rob, let's just give you the complete view of that game right away.
Penis, penis, penis, penis, penis.
There.
That's your review.
Thank you.
Somebody, somebody crop me a sound clip of that.
There's actually, um.
When he moves.
There's some weird shit in there.
Like, for example, you go, you have to shoot goat heads in order to get light to show,
um, show up.
And also, uh, there's these baby faces.
You have to feed giant strawberries and eyeballs too.
Oh, fun.
I want this game.
It's pretty awesome.
All right.
Uh, I believe your husband will have it soon.
Really?
Wow.
You're a profit.
Anything else for your gaming week, Loki?
Uh, Grand Theft Auto.
All right.
Almost, almost made it a whole week where I was just on a winning streak the entire
week.
I did lose one game in the middle of there and I was out today, so I'll try next week.
I know.
It's, it's, it's this, sorry, this is terrible radio, but I don't care.
Uh, this is this, this is like bubble wrap.
It's like the world's biggest bubble wrap, but you can't pop the bubbles.
So I keep sitting here trying to pop the bubbles on this world's biggest bubble wrap and they
don't, they don't pop just don't, if you rip into it, that's cheating.
You can't use your nails.
I could pop it, but I'm all right.
I don't want to ruin that piece of any house that can ruin that piece of bubble wrap.
This is great radio.
The sound of no, no, no, no, no, that's cheating.
That is cheating with scissors.
All right.
My house.
I can cheat.
Can you picture that and put it on the website?
So at least there's some, all you would have had to do is just roll it up into a ball and
it would have worked.
I don't see why twisting it would be cheating though.
All right, Jessica, I know you don't, Oh my gosh, she got one.
That's what I said.
You twist it.
Wow.
All right, Jessica, I know you don't just play DDR.
I play DDR.
You know why I won't do?
Because look at it, it's not just one bubble.
It's multi-bubble.
Enough with the bubble wrap.
We're playing, you know, a game right now.
I was trying to understand the physics behind it, Rob.
Don't you ever watch Mr. Wizard's World?
Don't you ever want to know?
He's dead, Jamie.
And he hated children.
Anyway, Jessica, how was your gaming week?
I played what I always play, lots and lots and lots of lotro and lots and lots of lotro
and more lotro.
Dude, what is it with chicks and MMOs?
Okay, dealer.
It's funny you guys were talking about the whole, you know, free MMO thing because lotro
is a free MMO, though I am a subscriber.
And I think it was a good thing for them to do because they brought in a lot of people
and it was because of bringing in those people that they gained more of an audience for their
subscriptions.
So.
Out of curiosity, when lotro went free to play, did a lot of the existing fan base say,
we're going to reject these free people and this is going to be horrible and we don't
want new people coming into our turf?
Like was it received with a bunch of negativity?
Well, I wasn't on at that point in time.
I came in a little bit after that, but I did, I do hear even to this day, oh, well, everything
changed when we went free to play, you know, the types of people that were playing now
are completely different and so hard to, you know, and I can understand that, you know,
you're going to end up with a lot more of a crowd that is flaky.
If people have their money, you know, put into a game, then yeah, they're a little bit
more indebted to, they're going to, they're going to play it more often.
Just makes sense.
That said, I too have a Star Trek online account that I pay for monthly that just sits there
with my level 10 Lieutenant Commander.
So it's, you know, it doesn't really matter all the time.
You're still going to have the same type of flaky people.
It's I don't know.
It's topical because it's something else going on this week.
That's why I asked.
But the main thing is we're getting ready right now for Isengard is going to be the
next update in September.
So everybody's doing their pre-purchase and you get your snazzy stuff, like your snazzy
horse or your snazzy outfit and everything.
But the one thing I like is I get a 25% XP buff on any of my characters that are below
the level cap.
And for me, who's right there, just barely below the level cap, that helps gives me that
little extra push.
Awesome.
Will that bring you up?
Huh?
Will that bring you up to the level?
Well, no, I'm still working on it.
It's just a 25% extra buff so that you're gaining 25% more XP per kill.
Plus on top of it, we're in the middle of the summer festival.
So you automatically are getting a buff from that as well on XP.
So any kills that I've made this weekend are basically just, I'm getting mad, mad XP from.
Cool.
Let me ask this because Lord of the Rings really isn't big in pop culture right now.
I mean, it was a few years ago when the movies were coming out, but obviously it's always
going to have its fan base.
But the reason why I say that is because we have these Hobbit movies that are on the horizon.
We're hearing more about that.
That's going to kind of bring more attention back in pop culture to the all things Lord
of the Rings and Tolkien and all that.
So how do you think the MMO will be impacted by the Hobbit?
Oh, I would not be surprised if you would end up seeing a huge surge of people that
were going to start joining after that.
On top of that, we're also seeing a lot of people right now because movie theaters all
across the country are showing the original movies on big screen one night per week.
So last week they did the original, now they're doing Two Towers this week, and next week's
going to be...
Yeah, Dan's going to that on Tuesday.
Yeah.
So that in and of itself is getting a lot more interest.
So I look forward to it.
The kinship that I'm a part of is very newbie friendly and we like to be able to help each
other kind of move on in the game and we welcome anybody no matter if they're paid to play
or not in our kinship.
So yay, go Arlequins.
Yay.
It's very warm and fuzzy and friendly.
And it helps too.
It helps too because not only do I have two of my old coworkers in my kinship, the leader
is somebody that I knew from IRC that I met like way back in the day.
So it's really kind of spiffy that I get to have that kind of connection with two completely
different portions of my life at the same time.
Awesome.
MMOs, bringing people together.
There you go.
All right.
Drunami, anything you want to say about your gaming week and what you've been playing?
I've been playing a bunch of the WoW crack and not really encountering those insane queue
times because I play a healer.
But I can understand.
What kind of healer are you?
I main a priest, but I'm starting up a shaman lately.
You're a 40, right?
Holy Pally's the best.
Yeah.
I never really got into the Holy Pally stuff, but aside from that, I've been playing a lot
of Warhammer 40K, Dawn of War 2, Retribution, Electric Boogaloo over too many subtitles.
And speaking of games that have gone free to play or have been free to play for a while,
Steam kind of kicked off some stuff and I kind of got into making a Champions Online
character trying to get into the whole Silver Age thing.
I'm like, yeah, I heard Champions Online kind of tepid, like a lot of people weren't really
into it when it first came out.
Then it went free to play and suddenly way more people were into it.
I was in the beta.
It got better.
It got better.
Not great, but it got better.
But I started up a grimoire named 23.
Derp.
Numerologist.
Yay.
And a lot of people too with that game forget that they were going to put that on 360 and
then at the last minute, it just didn't end up happening.
But it's funny because if you plug in an Xbox 360, Alan told me about this, you plug in
a 360 controller, it will show.
It works.
Yeah, everything shows up with the Xbox buttons and everything.
But not very well.
I tried.
I actually had to struggle to get it not to recognize 360 control and let me use the damn
keyboard because I have my controller plugged in all the time.
But aside from that, you know, wow, Dawn of War, Champions Online, I haven't really been
playing much.
I've been thinking about getting back into playing some Wii games I'd set on the shelf.
Playing through No More Heroes 2 again.
And just kind of going through my game archive stuff I hadn't finished.
Rogue Galaxy.
That's what I'm doing right now.
Shadow Hearts from the New World.
Just some older PS2 stuff because I'm a broke ass like that.
Alright.
Well, there you go.
Lots of archive gaming and free gaming.
Yeah, also scaring the crap out of myself with Dead Space but that's another story altogether.
Let's see, my gaming week quickly and then we'll get into the gaming news.
I actually don't have a lot to add to my gaming week this week.
It's really the same games.
It's funny because I've been gaming a lot but I have nothing new to share with you all
because I've been continuing my adventures in Final Fantasy 13.
I'm finally to the point where the game has opened up and if you've played through 13
you know exactly what point of the game I'm talking about.
You know, that took many, many hours to get there but I'm actually really into it and
again, I don't get the 13 hate.
This is seriously one of my favorite Final Fantasy games.
I like it more Nate, that's for sure.
So I'm having a great time with it.
So I am going to play it through to completion.
That is because even though yes, some of the characters are just so cliche and annoying,
I really, really have a boner for Fang who is an amazing character.
Love her.
So, strong woman.
Like her.
I'm like, I'm just playing for Fang at this point.
She's great.
And I like lightning too.
Is that Fang service?
Yes.
It's Fang service.
I see Drunami is rubbing off on you.
All right.
Anyhow.
He's sitting next to me.
I'm getting infected.
Anyhow.
Also, you know, Warcraft.
Mortal Kombat played online for a little bit with Extrofer from the other show Horde House.
I was playing, yes, he's really getting into Mortal Kombat.
It's really funny.
Like he's almost beat story mode, I think.
So we were sparring a little bit.
So that was fun because I like playing with Extrofer because like I know who it is and
it's not just some anonymous face who is kicking my ass.
But Extrofer and I are pretty evenly matched.
So it's actually kind of fun to play him online.
So I'm thankful to like no more people playing Mortal Kombat online.
So otherwise, nothing really new to share.
Hopefully in the coming weeks I will.
I actually have some racing games sitting at home that came from my rental service that
I'm waiting to play.
So I'm hoping I'll have a Need for Speed and Test Drive Unlimited 2 things to say in the
coming weeks because I have both of those sitting at home.
I want to know who the fuck Penis Man is.
Again, one of those sound clips I'd like to save to a sound board and use on a rainy day
sometime.
Chat.orangelandre.com if you would like to offend Dark Soccer with your name.
It's Break Man.
Anyhow, let's move on to, we're going to get into gaming news, but first some housekeeping
tonight.
Good lord, it's been nine years.
If you haven't already, you really should follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R
and you can also follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And yeah, please join us on those sites.
And of course, I want to plug one more time, Jess Carper is here tonight to help plug Under
Sedation Live, which is the show that was before Orange Lounge Radio, it was actually
on that show.
That was a show born of the Rocky Horror community.
I don't think a lot of people know that.
But that was a show, like this was born of DDR, that show was born of Rocky Horror and
now it's kind of all things sci-fi geekery what the fuck every plus video games tossed
in there too.
Yes.
Plus, and then video games tossed in there too.
So and of course, under station lives on Saturday nights at eight o'clock Pacific, 11 o'clock
Eastern.
So it's a late show.
Yes.
And the website.
It's understationlive.org and Travis actually just revamped the entire website this week.
And on top of that, he just updated all of the podcasts.
So now everything is up there, up to week before last.
He didn't do last week's because it was a solo show because I was out and about.
So yeah, basically everything through episode 36 is up on the web.
Great.
Because I need to catch up because, you know, it's tough.
With having this show on Sunday night, Saturday night, it's usually my night to, you know,
go do stuff.
Oh, you will definitely want to, I think 35 or 36.
Definitely.
All right.
So we're doing some pre-ten year anniversary reminiscing.
Oh boy.
All right.
All right.
I'll have to check that out.
And then of course the 10 year anniversary show is July 16th.
Right?
Yes.
All right.
Did you kidnap a child?
Okay.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into gaming news and what is going on in the gaming world this week.
Loki.
So Monday, this is coming up Monday, there's going to be some stuff going down in California.
The case Brown versus EMA, which is formerly Schwarzenegger versus EMA, involving California's
attempt to enforce a law written by, thank you, Leland Yee, a Democrat representing San
Francisco in 2005, that would criminalize the sale of hyper violent games to kids.
It's not necessarily all M rated games, but only certain types of games as defined by
the law.
These new games would need to be labeled specially and carry a thousand dollar fine to those
who are found violation of the law, selling those games to minors.
And it says, if the court rules for California, it will be overturning a half decades worth
of decisions in lower courts that said California's law violated first amendment protections of
freedom of speech.
Apparently also, it doesn't necessarily mean if the court decides that it's against the
first amendment.
It says they could still direct the state in how to write the law that would criminalize
the sale of games to kids without violating the constitution.
I don't know.
So basically, if they win, they're going to separate video games from music, movies, and
books and all their forms of entertainment, singling them out, preventing them from going
to be sold for minors and stuff like that.
Okay.
What?
Dark soccer is saying, is this more important than a Supreme court hearing on video games
to change the way we buy games?
Yes, it is.
I'm dying to hear this.
It's cake.
Oh, birthday to you.
Happy birthday dear Rob.
Happy birthday to you.
Thank you guys.
Yeah.
It's my birthday too.
Not just the shows.
I have to make a wish.
Yes.
Okay.
I'm going to, Oh, do I get, do I have to say my wish or do I have to keep a secret?
You can tell us after the show.
One, two, way to blow Rob.
He sure knows how to blow.
He's gone from suck to blow.
Yay.
I blew them all out.
Yay.
Thank you for not setting the cake on fire.
I appreciate that because there are not 30 candles on that cake, there's far less.
I'll get plates while he finishes the story.
That's told you.
All right.
And that's, that's not a Bel Air cake.
That is a homemade cake.
Becky's made the icing and everything from scratch.
That's great.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Becky.
All right.
Isn't she sneaky?
Anyhow.
Um, so yeah, it's, it sucks and hopefully it doesn't pass cause I mean, seriously, I,
there's enough reasons to hate the government in California.
We don't need them to be, and Leland Yee, seriously, this guy has a hard on for like
writing terrible laws that involve, you know, protecting the children.
What douche.
Chatters want a picture.
Sorry.
I was yelling that I was relaying for the chat room that they wanted a picture.
You know, all, all that neutering, just all, all, all that, that, that happy just neutered
my rant.
I know.
Right.
It's like, I wanted to say a lot of angry things, but how can I be mad?
Someone baked me a cake.
Um, but seriously, what, what the hell is this supposed to solve?
Ignorant parents are still going to buy their kids and rated games and not worry about it.
Drew, I kind of feel like this discussion is like Pat, I mean, I'm not invalidating
your point, but it's like, it's kind of like, there's nothing we can do about this now.
The reality is tomorrow is a huge day because, and what I'm reminded of is other news that
came out, it was here this week or last week about cigarette label warnings are supposed
to get even bigger and like more either like the Canadian warnings now or like in Canada,
you buy the pack of smokes and it shows like the decayed lungs and all that stuff.
And it's like, okay, we get the point, God, you know, it's, it's, it's the same point
where both of them, what the hell is this going to change?
It's not, people who smoke are still going to smoke.
Parents who ignorantly buy, you know, buy all these, these video games for their kids
are still going to, and stores are already enforcing this stuff anyways.
I mean, all they're going to do is just add another, like a fine to this and it's just
going to screw people out of that.
And then also on top of that, the government's got to decide, okay, which ones are, you know,
really obscene.
And if these have seen games or whatever are marketed as such, then certain stores may
not carry them, you know, to keep their family friendly appearance, period, end of story
should be done the same as movies.
Why can't it just mirror movies?
Because that would make these are interactive, Rob.
You have to understand people are playing the role of the killer instead of watching
the killer brutally.
You know, I have a hard time believing that the penis game is worse for kids than the
human centipede.
I'm sorry.
Or any of the saw movies.
They can't be consistent because that would actually make sense.
And they lose their jobs if they actually make sense.
It's all about trying to get a platform so he gets voted in or something like that.
I don't even know what the point of this is.
I it's, are they saying, are legal analysts trying to predict this one way or the other?
Does anybody have a reading on how, which way this is going to go?
They figured that the way that this is, this law's gone in other States, it's not going
to pass.
You know, and then here's the best thing apart.
The best part about it is it's our tax money that the state is using to fight this thing.
Thanks.
I want a refund.
Uh, go into our chatroom at chat.ownerswannabe.com.
Rama in our chatroom says the stores do not enforce it.
I've seen 16 year olds buy M rated games and the cashiers just hit the bypass keys.
McMahon in chat says these new cigarette warning labels make me want to smoke.
Well that's not having the intended effect then.
I really am.
I think I like how they handle it in, in England where movies and games have the same reading
system.
I'm so with you.
I'm so with you.
Just give games the exact, I mean, I guess we're kind of past the point of no return
so to speak.
Like we've already had this rating system that's been established in place for years.
It's not that difficult to understand the rating system though.
I mean, how, how much more do we need to, I mean, it's, I don't think it's necessarily
that, you know, these people, um, these people don't know what the rating system is or that
these games are violent.
I think they just don't care.
It's just like, oh, I don't care if I get cancer from smoking or I don't care if I,
you know, get liver damage from drinking.
They just don't care.
And no amount of laws and stickers and banners and, you know, campaigns and whatever are
going to get these people to care anymore.
Unless you say, oh, you bought this for your child, we're going to fine you a thousand
dollars.
Then, you know, the immortal words of Bill Murray, it just doesn't matter.
Or, uh, how about Dennis Leary?
It's a drug.
We're addicted.
Some not very encouraging words from Black Wolf in the chat room saying, Sky, the mock
trials that some law school schools have done said that the Supreme Court will side with
California.
Well, then they're dumb.
I'm sorry.
Then that's sad.
We're at a really sad state is if they single this out, then, then they need to fight this.
They need to appeal it and they need to fight it because it's the Supreme Court, Loki.
You can't appeal that it is.
There is no, there is no court higher in the land than the Supreme Court period.
I'm sorry though.
But you're singling, basically you're restricting the freedom of expression because you're restricting
the sale of these certain games, which have not even been proven to cause any harm to
children anyways.
The crime rate's actually decreased since the Super Nintendo came out.
So there's, there's no, it's not like, you know, smoking or, that's a pretty easy distinction.
You're talking about all hypothetical stuff.
We don't, there's no, like playing a violent video game doesn't make me catch on fire or,
you know, doesn't make my lungs deteriorate.
It's just a game.
Loki, welcome to America, home of unnecessary moral panic.
It was like this for D&D.
It was like that for Doom.
It's going to continue.
And how many of us who were raised on D&D are sacrificing chickens in the backyard?
Don't check my backyard, Jamie.
I swear to God.
Here's my thing.
If, if this comes down tomorrow and it doesn't go the way we think it should, you know, the,
the only way you can quote unquote retaliate is with your vote and stop voting for people
that are going to shove moral righteousness down our throat.
Who is voting for Lee Lin Yi?
San Francisco, I blame you.
This is all your damn fault.
You and his sister?
I thought he was SoCal.
No, he's San Francisco.
He's San Francisco.
And guess what?
You know, this is the same type of shit that they passed over there was they were banning
toys from Happy Meals because that'll get people to stop buying fast food for their
children.
Yeah.
No people not being stupid will do that.
Well, San Francisco's also got the whole thing about, what is it, they want to ban circumcision
or something like that.
So yeah, listen, San Francisco, you're already fucking strange enough as it is, you know,
you don't really, there are other things we need to legislate, but, but then you go, well,
everybody that's going to, you do that, that's going to start coming into line with, um,
uh, uh, with religious tolerance groups because the, um, the anti-defamation league has already
gotten in on that.
Well, and then here, but then here's the other thing on the other side of the coin.
So you, you look at these things that San Francisco is doing, you kind of roll your
eyes, but at the same time, everybody in San Francisco has healthcare and whether you're
a fan of socialized healthcare or not, you have to admit that's quite a feat that they're
doing it.
I mean that it's happening there.
Whether you're a fan of that theory or not, you got to say, wow, that is quite a political
feat that they're doing.
Yeah.
Here's what they're doing.
They're wasting money is what they're doing.
They're wasting money by giving everybody healthcare, whether you deserve it or not.
And they're also wasting money with all these fucking laws that you're trying to pass.
No, we, we, they deserve help.
All right.
You know what?
They're not fucking working.
They don't deserve healthcare.
You got to pitch in to get something back.
You know what?
What about if somebody, you know what, I will tell you this right now and you're about to
get the verbal bitch slap for me.
I got laid off of my job.
I have been applying.
Dan has been applying.
Neither of us have insurance right now.
And if he had another heart attack, what would we do?
He would die.
End of story because we can't afford, I understand that, but you were working at one time.
So you have already contributed to society, there were a lot of people that are homeless
on the street now because they lost their jobs.
Their houses were foreclosed on and they have nowhere to live.
We know a person personally in that circumstance.
So yeah, I think before you, you know, say shit like that, please.
I'm sorry.
It's my opinion.
Okay.
I don't care.
Some of these people that are homeless, they choose to be homeless.
There has been tons of studies where people have tried to help these people out and sure
enough, they give them money or whatever, and they're back on the street again because
they can't fend for themselves.
Nine years stands for to stent in the ranks right there.
Well, it's like a married couple, but I could queue up the penis song again if that's what
we need.
Let's just work towards getting our money spent on more important things like putting
shrimp on treadmills.
All I'm saying is that they're passing a lot of these laws.
It's just wasting.
Why don't you like, I don't know, work on a state budget.
How about that?
You know, cause they don't have that taken care of yet.
Yeah, but that's the city and not the state.
Okay, so yeah, tomorrow, big day for gamers is going to be, going to be interesting.
I like cake.
This cake is delit.
And it's not a lie.
This is legitimate cake.
And it's hilarious because I used to own those very same plates.
I've lost control.
All right.
You had control?
Yeah, I never did.
Hey, let's talk about the PlayStation four.
That's right.
PlayStation four.
I'm going to throw up now.
No, here's the deal.
It was asked this week of some of the Sony higher ups, specifically Jack Trenton, who
of course, he's the guy that Sony has on stage for all the oppressors and all that stuff.
They asked Jack Trenton, what do you think of the Wii U?
Are you feeling the pressures to develop the PlayStation four because now Nintendo has
announced the Wii U and Jack Trenton said to Forbes, I didn't see anything about Nintendo's
announcement that said, oh, we'd better get working on rolling out a new PlayStation here
pretty soon.
What we've seen from the competition is trying to add features that already exist in the
PlayStation three.
We've invested heavily in that and we've rolled a very heavy rock up a steep hill through
the launch period.
But now I think that all pays off and we've got a long run way behind it.
Very interesting that they call it a steep hill and kind of admitting that it was a rough
launch for them.
He has a point.
And the point is also, if you think about it, Nintendo has never developed HD games.
I mean, they're way behind everybody else as far as putting out games that are high
definition.
I don't know.
It sells consoles.
I guess they haven't had to so far.
Yeah, but you see, they'll get you only so far.
Then they realize, oh, hey, people that are hardcore gamers, the ones actually purchasing
games other than, you know, Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort.
Yeah, let's let's assume they have enough money to buy an HDTV, first of all, and then
let's develop HD games.
You're right, because no one has HDTVs nowadays.
Oh, my God.
I'm just, where am I going to find people that own HDTVs out there?
Ugh!
Everywhere is where I'm going to find them because they sell them everywhere and people
have already adopted to that and they've already adopted to new HD formats.
I'm not saying no one owns HDTVs.
I'm still busy watching UHF and sending out newsletters on a mimeograph, sorry.
I'm not saying no one owns HDTVs.
Well, I think also you have to look at this now.
You know, we're at this point where, yeah, there's some people that still have their
standard definition TVs because they haven't had an upgrade, but inevitably those TVs will
fail.
All TVs will fail.
And there's, you can't buy a standard definition TV anymore unless it's at a garage sale or
something.
I mean, if you go into a Target or a Walmart, you all only have HDTVs to choose from now.
And you know what's funny?
I've got video game systems now that will not play on any modern television.
Oh, yeah, not without some serious shopping at Radio Shack.
I need to actually have a UHF capable TV.
All right, so yeah, in a nutshell, he's basically saying, well, I don't see the need to hurry
up and develop the PlayStation 4, because it looks to me like Nintendo's just trying
to get up to the level of the PlayStation 3.
Bitch slap.
Well, and also...
Funny for the ones that were a little late to the party with Move and Shut, shit like
that.
Yeah.
And also, to their point, I mean, they're on the 10-year life cycle or whatever, so
they're not going to kind of deviate from that.
And I don't think you're going to see the same thing happening with Microsoft either,
because they're confident that the Kinect is going to drive the console for the next
five years or whatever.
And Nintendo really, sales are dipping, and no one really gives a crap about...
There's going to be the people that will buy every fucking Mario game that comes out, Mario
Kart game and Animal Crossing game, even if it's just slightly different than the last
one, because they're suckers for that kind of stuff.
Now at the same time, though, they need to get with it, because a standard definition
console isn't going to cut it when, say, the next console generation rolls around, and
they're going to be playing some catch up when the next generation comes around, even
though it is going to be able to push a little bit better graphics than the 360 is, but they
have to know how to use it.
Now the third party developers probably won't have a problem with that, because they're
used to developing HD games, but Nintendo themselves, I think you're going to see them
struggling trying to figure out how to utilize this console, and I think they're going to
go more the gimmicky route, where cartoon graphics and shit with the touch screen.
Yeah, they tend to be a little more agile as far as console concepts, but the technology
just lags a little bit behind.
Not that it doesn't sell, but it sells to a different crowd.
Well one other Sony tidbit for you guys before I get to a story from Dark Sakura, but you
know, of course, one of the big selling points, speaking of touch screens, on the Vita is
not just the touch screen, but the rear touch panel, the reach around panel, if you will.
In an interview with Famitsu Magazine, Suhei Yoshida, who's the president of World Wide
Studios for Sony, said that the reach around panel almost was not on the final design because
of cost.
Sony was not sure that it would really impact the gameplay, and maybe it's not worthy of
the sticker price.
They say once people actually got their hands on it, that it became a must-have feature.
Some small elements of the Vita's design are still subject to change, so we'll see what
happens.
But the reach around panel will still be there.
I imagine when they say other things are subject to change, they're talking about what, like
button positioning, or maybe the memory inside, or whatever, some of the chips that make the
thing work, that all can still change.
So we'll see what happens.
It's probably not going to change very much, seeing as it's only a few months away.
Yeah, maybe slight configuration things, but I can't...
It will come in white.
Yeah, exactly.
It will come in different colors.
So we'll see.
All right, moving on, Dark Sakura.
We have some other news that is, well, it's Wii-related, Wii.
How bad do you want Xenoblade for Wii?
How many people want it?
Well, apart from that, there's also the last story, Pandora's Tower.
Those are the set right there that actually people are asking to have released outside
of Japan and Europe.
So we're hoping that Nintendo can bring it to the US.
Let me guess, there's online petitions and things of that sort?
There's letter writing.
They're actually, basically, there's a bunch of stuff that's gone out from the IGN forums
asking Nintendo to put out the games.
So they're actually looking for physical letters to be sent in to Nintendo.
Because that works so well for Mother 3.
Yeah, exactly.
I was just thinking the same thing.
It's just earthbound all over again.
You know, it is a little strange that they didn't, you know, with especially as big of
a game as the last story, it just jumps out at me out of those three with what an epic,
epic game it was supposed to be, or is, I guess you could say, in Japan.
It's really surprising to me they didn't come out and say anything about it at E3, that
this game was on its way.
Is it maybe something they're keeping in their hat for if Wii U gets delayed?
Well, there's more though.
Xenoblade was at E3 under a different name.
And they actually flat out asked Reggie about the titles and he just went, oh, look, Pony.
I'm sorry, that's not a Mario game.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Take it from a Tales of fan, this shit never works.
This petitioning never, ever works.
Well, it might work if you can get a million people to sign it.
Not even.
If they want to screw a particular audience, they will.
You know what I think?
And this is what I think for a lot of the big import titles, or, you know, the big Japan-only
releases that we want to see in America.
Do it like they handled the remastered Macross DVDs, where you have a price set for if we
have this many pre-orders, the game will be this price.
And we'll do it.
This is what it's going to cost plus standard profit margin.
And then we get more pre-orders to this level, the price goes down.
We get more orders to this level, the price goes down.
So kind of a kickstart thing.
Since we're reminiscing about the past a lot tonight, it reminds me of what Konami did
for BeatMania 2DX7 style when that finally came out on home consoles, is that they basically
said if we can get 10,000 people to pre-order the game, we'll make it.
And it just, it amazes me to this day that they got away with something like that.
Because you're like, you're putting down a full pre-order on a game, you don't even know
it's going to happen or not.
So it's kind of weird.
But if they say they're not going to do it, then they have to refund the money.
Yeah, I know that.
But it's still weird that so many people are willing to kind of put down the money up front
on a maybe.
You know what I mean?
It's just crazy.
And the fans will do stuff.
Well that, I mean, but you notice I brought up the, uh, the, uh, Macross box set?
They did that.
It actually worked.
And the price went down for, like, a full series box set to something way low.
Just throw it away.
And you know, if they do this, I'm going to put this up, because...
That's his middle finger, folks, because it's not a TV show.
Uh, yeah, because, I'm sorry, it's, it's stupid.
Why make all your fans of your system jump through hoops to get a game put out over here?
You either do it because you want to put it out, or you don't do it.
Don't make people beg for it.
I mean...
The bottom line.
Money.
It's all back to money.
It's a company.
They need to make a profit.
And the Wii is not selling software right now.
And remember, it's all about ease of getting these games out.
It's a lot easier for them to take a GameCube game, pretty the graphics up a little bit,
and port it back out, and call it like a anniversary collection or some bullshit like that.
And then charge, you know, 50 bucks, and then people will, you know, totally eat it up,
or...
I didn't say Roger.
Thank you.
Roger.
Apparently now Rob is called Roger.
It's all right, I'll take it.
Thank you.
Or they can, you know, spend the money.
It's going to take to localize a game that's pretty awesome.
They're not going to do that, because localizing a game is going to take a lot of time.
You know, what I think the best bet would be is to get that game pitched to some companies,
say for example like, you know, Tomo, or UFO Interactive, or Ignition, or you know, Axis
Game Localization.
You know, those companies that basically all they do now, in fact, I don't know if it's
one of the stories in the show role, but Ignition stopped making their own first party, or their
own games.
They had a game that they developed, El Shaddai, Ascension of the Metatron, but now they're
just saying, listen, we're just going to take properties that are over in Japan, just bring
them over instead of making our own shit.
So that's who you need to, you know, pitch that game to, is one of those companies.
Sounds like they're going to be the next Working Designs.
And they will basically do it for you.
Of course, after they get done with President Cat, because they haven't started on President
Cat yet, and so we don't have that yet.
That's right.
You can't have the last story until we get President Cat.
That's just the way it's going to be.
President Cat.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki, what do you got for us?
So free-to-play, it's something that I believe when Nintendo was asked about it, they said,
nope, we have no plans on putting anything free on our marketplace, you bastards.
Well, at least as far as free-to-play MMOs or something like that.
Well, Microsoft's actually kind of feeling out with developers to see if they can, you
know, get some free-to-play games.
And I guess they're now contacting studios, discussing the possibility of free-to-play
games, and you know, building some sort of infrastructure for the 360 that incorporates
microtransactions.
Because they were like, Free Realms is so awesome on the PlayStation 3, and we want
a game on Xbox where you can play as a fairy.
I don't think that they're necessarily doing that, but I think that they see the profit
that like, say, like, you know, Farmville or the Smurfs Village stuff, you know, that
makes a lot of money, and people, some people are looking for that kind of thing, so maybe?
Would you be interested in free-to-play games on the Xbox, Loki?
No.
No?
Why not?
Just because the quality is less, or?
It's usually not my, you know, the type of games that I want to play.
If it was like a free-to-play grant that thought of MMO or something, that's a little different.
I'd at least check it out, like, you know, heck, I even played Yaris for like, 10 seconds.
So alright, let's move on with some more gaming news, and I'm gonna get to a story about PlayStation
hardware in Japan.
I believe there's a new bundle that has come out there in Japan.
It's a charcoal black console, decreased power consumption they're saying, a 320 gig hard
drive with it.
It's a model CECH 3000B, and it was announced by Sony in Japan over the weekend.
It is going to be 34,980 yen, and there will also be a 160 gig version of the model that
will come with Tales of Zilia, that is coming for $470, so you get that game.
Not coming in this new bundle, an HDMI cable.
That is true.
No HDMI cable.
And you know what else is coming in that bundle?
New game encryption.
Oh, is that really why they're trying to get the hardware out there?
They're putting out new hardware that's gonna change the way the keys are stored.
Although, gotta have some sort of backwards compatibility because, or, I remember, they're
moving the, instead of having the actual keys built in, or the authentication keys built
into the console itself, it's being built into the Blu-ray drive.
Much like how the 360 works, whereas they have it, you know, all the authentication
stuff is through the Blu-ray drive, or their DVD drive, obviously Blu-ray, not on the Xbox
360.
Alright.
DarkStalker, what do you got for us before we get to release dates?
Well, we have some little buggies fixed with the 3DS.
There were a couple problems the different consumers were saying that was going on, and
according to Mr. Reggie, he says they're fixed.
He said that the eShop is fixing one of them, because, well, it didn't launch with the eShop.
It didn't shop with, yeah.
And the other thing is that they're basically, the biggest hang-up was that they didn't have
a big Nintendo franchise, so they said they're fixing that too.
In other words, we had no launch games, basically, is that what I'm hearing out of that.
Well, that's why I didn't buy one.
Their strongest launch title was from Capcom.
I think it was Dead or Alive.
I get, unless you want to count Pilotwings.
Dead or Alive was apparently very terrible.
I've heard from a lot of people that Dead or Alive was really good.
Technically it didn't launch with Dead or Alive, that came out, I mean Launch Window,
or whatever you want to call it.
That is some bullshit there, Launch Window.
Technically, it launched with the web store, because it was within the launch window.
Well, how about I pay you at the end of the launch window, how's that sound?
That doesn't work, no?
I'm excited about the idea that Netflix might come to the 3DS, because I like the idea of
having kind of like the portable device to watch.
Oh Rob.
I mean, granted, I know there's the phone, but also not just the portable thing in the
bed with, I think, a larger screen on those things, but also the possibility of actual
3D movies.
Even though a lot of 3D movies are kind of eh, it's kind of cool in a way.
I don't think it's going to be able to do 3D right, since it's all in particular anyway.
They'd have to code it for, they'd have to re-image them to be specific for the lenticular
monitor.
Yeah, because like the 3DS, 3D doesn't bother me at all, it's kind of cool.
But it's not real 3D.
The 3DS and the theater, I don't like.
It's not real 3D.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I don't think it would be that difficult for them to do that, I mean, they do that already
with, you know, Blu-ray 3D stuff, I mean, there's a bunch of different formats that,
you know, 3D TV support, so I don't see why that would be a problem.
Hey, you gotta admit, if Tron's gonna end up on 3D Netflix, you gotta at least check
that out.
That's gonna be pretty awesome.
You know, it's funny, right before Tron was coming out, they was like, let's go get 3D
TV, let's go get 3D TV, Tron's coming out, let's go get 3D TV.
I'm like, no.
So.
Alright, so we'll see if, I'm really curious to see how 3DS will sell this holiday.
This is definitely gonna be a make or break time for 3DS.
Well, I was just a little annoyed that they were talking about like franchises coming
out.
Look at all the things we announced that are gonna be coming out, you know, like, you know,
all these different franchises that aren't coming out until the fourth quarter.
The 3DS is gonna get really awesome soon.
Soon.
You know, like in a few months, when it's awesome.
Right now you have a paperweight.
Enjoy your blue brick.
I gotta tell you though, I mean, based off of what's, you know, scheduled to come out
for the 3DS, it's not all that exciting.
It's about as exciting as the DS is.
It really is not.
It's really into Ocarina of Time, I mean, that's one of the stronger titles right now.
Yeah.
But, I mean, even like new release stuff, there's really not anything, like, exclusive
for it.
It's like, oh my god, I gotta have that.
Alright, let's move on and travel the world with some release dates.
What can you get at a store near you for some other consoles in your house this week, starting
in the US?
Well, today, and I know this was on everybody's radar, but Mystery Case files the Malgrave
Incident out for the Nintendo Wii, yes.
That's the same suit.
You gotta give me my pre-order.
That's the same franchise that was on the DS.
Ooh, I'm so excited about that.
Thank you, Nintendo.
Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition on the 360 in case you don't own a console version
of Super Street Fighter IV, you can buy that with the DLC already in there, otherwise you
can just download the DLC and that's on 360 and PS3.
Another game series that really a lot of people don't care about, Dynasty Warriors Gundam
3.
Yes, they've made three of them now and that's on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 as well.
Sniper Ghost Warrior finally making its way out on PS3.
A re-release of Call of Duty Black Ops, now the limited edition with the first strike
download content bundled in there.
Resident Evil The Mercenaries for the 3DS, I believe we have a story about that later.
Boy, other fun stuff is coming out this week.
Three Stories Curse of the Ancient Spirit, that's exciting.
And finally, UFC Personal Trainer, the Ultimate Fitness System, that's right, it is a UFC
themed fitness game for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Alright, well going over to Japan and checking out the Japanese releases, coming out on the
Xbox 360 from Sega on June 30th is Power Smash 4, that's just basically Virtua Tennis.
I got really excited for a minute because I thought it might be Power Stone, but no
it's Power Smash which is Virtua Tennis.
The Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition comes out in Japan as well and Test Drive
Unlimited 2 finally gets its Japanese release on the Xbox 360.
Going over to the PlayStation 3 in Japan, Initial D Extreme Stage gets a price reduction
as does Senjou no Valkyria which I believe is Valkyria Chronicles over there in Japan
gets its price reductions.
Power Smash 4 or Virtua Tennis also on the PlayStation 3 this week, it's a big SEGA week.
And the same games, Super Street Fighter IV and Test Drive Unlimited 2 all making their
way to the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan.
Going over to some other consoles, how about the Sony PSP?
We have Initial D Street Stage getting a price reduction as well as some other releases.
Two Heart 2 Dungeon Travelers comes out in regular and limited edition, again that's
for the PSP.
This is a game, it's an RPG where I guess it's kind of like they're reliving their childhood
fantasies or something but then you have the chick in the maid outfit with her legs up
and you're like, I don't want to think about childhood fantasies and see those pictures
so I don't know.
It's a very...
Kind of childhood fantasies, are they having pedo bear childhood fantasies?
That actually makes me think of an anime that I started watching.
On the Wii, do I even want to know what anime?
Are you sure it was an anime?
It's called something like My Little Sister Can't Be That Cute and basically this guy
finds out that his sister, who's totally cool and popular with all of her friends and everything,
is a closet otaku and her fandom is Little Sister Hentai.
On the Wii, Biohazard and Biohazard Zero get a price reduction.
The show itself isn't dirty but she's into it.
Oh Japan, never change.
You heard about the guy in Canada, right, who brought Mango over there and got arrested
because of their child pornography laws or something like that and it faces up to a year.
It faces a minimum of a year in jail and apparently all manga is banned there.
I guess it makes the video game laws here not seem so bad.
Anyhow, of course, Biohazard is Resident Evil, Resident Evil, Resident Evil Zero get price
reductions.
Also, finally, coming out on the Wii in Japan this week, Goldeneye 007, that's right.
The game we got here over the holidays, you can now play in Japan.
I'm assuming it's been localized and such for the region, hence the great delay.
And then you can play the game and then remember how much better it was on the Nintendo 64.
Lastly on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Tales of the Abyss from Bandai Namco, which, is
this an official Tales game?
Wait, what?
Yes it is.
Yes it is.
It happens to be my favorite Tales game.
Well, guess what, it's on the 3DS this week in Japan.
God damn it, Japan.
God damn it, Namco.
You can import it on your region free.
Oh wait, no you can't.
No way.
That's right, they got rid of that on the 3DS and there's no bastards.
See, that's what I was talking about, Namco always screwing over anything that's not Japanese.
Alright moving on, how about UK releases Dark Sakura?
She's chatting with Chaz.
I'm telling Penis Man that he's not weird.
Oh and by the way, the name of the anime is called Ore no Emoto ga Konan ni Koai wa Kani
ga Nai.
That's tight.
It's actually really funny.
So are you stroking Penis Man's ego in the chat?
On the 28th we have Call of Duty Black Ops, Annihilation Pack, or as my brain initially
saw it, Black Oops.
And then on the 29th we have Backbreaker Vengeance, ooh, which sounds kind of dirty.
And then Half Minute Heroes, Super Mega Neo Climax, which also sounds kind of dirty.
I know.
I wouldn't want to meet the Half Minute Heroes.
That series is actually kind of cool, that's the sick thing is that 30 second hero, whatever
they call it here, is actually kind of fun.
It's a neat series.
I just wouldn't want to meet the Half Minute Hero in his climax.
Didn't they have that come out in Xbox Live Arcade?
I think I dated him.
Spooked.
Did he post on DDR Freak 2?
Shush you.
Oh, God gets it.
Alright.
No.
I only have one thing to say about that game.
I know that.
Spooked.
Moving on, two more stories for you, and then the classic game of the week.
So I know this isn't the 90s, and this isn't The Matrix, but apparently Ubisoft wants you
to beat Neo at Child of Eden, a game that's sort of like The Matrix, because you're, hmm,
I know Kung Fu, flying around, less Keanu Reeves, but no, the artist Neo, apparently
he has a high score on the Evolution level, and to, I guess, boost Ubisoft's donation
of the Japanese earthquake relief, you have to try to beat his score.
100,000 is already pledged, but for every score on the level, it's normal connect leaderboard
exceeding Neo's 306,800 points between now and July 4th, Ubisoft will add an additional
dollar up to a maximum of 20,000 dollars.
Why Neo?
I don't understand why that artist out of, you know, I just don't think of Neo when I
think of Child of Eden, you know?
Maybe he's a fan of the game.
Maybe Samuel L. Jackson had something else going on, or Ice-T, you know, he was too busy
pimping Call of Duty.
Let me just compare a little bit here, okay?
We have Neo, ready?
Here's Neo.
Okay, I don't think I've heard that song at the club before, right?
So there's Neo, and then here is Child of Eden.
That's right, you're getting a headache, because those two don't go together.
Completely different key.
Whatever, I guess whatever brings awareness to the game.
All right, this has been some pretty controversial news this week.
Team Fortress 2 went free to play, if you haven't already heard, and yeah, it's interesting
because of course Steam has released a lot of free to play games, other people's games,
you know, including things like Spiral Knights and Champions Online and things that for the
most part were already free to play.
But Valve has taken one of its most popular games and made it free to play, and of course
there's been lots of hooray, free shit, and then there's been lots of boo, this game I
paid for five years ago is now free and that makes me angry, because, you know, games don't
ever go on sale or, you know, end up in a bargain bin.
That's totally not how I wound up with most of my Steam collection anyway.
There are so many butthurt people about this going free to play, there are apparently servers
that are auto-banning people that are detected on the free to play version, there are people
that are just like, our game is ruined because of free to play, and so forth, and to those
people I say, fuck off immediately, because you are what's wrong with gaming right now.
Cry some more.
That whole, like, elitist asshole attitude just isn't gonna get you anywhere.
Like in life.
Period.
It reminds me of when Steam had the free weekends of Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 2, and Black
Ops.
There was nothing but disdain to lower level folk because they were, you know, trial noobs,
they were weekend warriors, they were too cheap to play, you know, buy the real thing.
I'm like, dude, fuck you, I might actually buy it.
If you guys weren't such dicks.
Yeah, I mean, and the game is, the game is five years old, and to be fair, Valve, although
they, you know, have done so many updates over the past few years and so forth, this
has gotten people talking about the game more than anything in quite some time.
It's just a refreshing break from complaining about hats.
I guess so.
That could be true.
But yeah, I mean, I for one, I downloaded the game some time ago, I paid for it, you
know, it came with the orange box, and I'm not mad that it went free to play because
I realized I bought it several years ago and I could have been playing it then this entire
time.
And then, because I got old, why did it get old to me?
I had nobody to play with, because I don't want to play with elitist assholes.
Well gee, I'm sorry, Rob, you should have poked me some time.
But...
Uh...
Not in that way, not that way.
You must buy me a drink first.
Whoo!
But, but, I mean, for real though, like, this news, if anything, makes me maybe want to
go back and play Team Fortress 2 because I know there'll be other people to play with,
who will be as terrible as me, or at least not be jerks about it if they are pretty good.
You know what I mean?
Otherwise I hadn't really given this game a second thought, and yet I don't feel like
I wasted my money.
The orange box was one of the best deals ever in gaming.
Ever!
One of the best deals.
Oh yeah, but where were people complaining when, uh, when Portal became free for a limited
time?
Hmm?
Oh wait, that's not multiplayer.
We're not an unpleasable fanbase when it comes to that, are we?
Melted General in our chat says Team Fortress 2 is on its 218th update.
Uh, that's...
It is a lot of updates.
Now Rob, did it do that free, did it, did it, like, have you start downloading the Team
Fortress 2 beta?
I don't know, because I bought the game years ago, so...
Well I mean, I bought mine a long time ago, and it's, it, suddenly I looked on there and
it says downloading Team Fortress 2 beta.
Which is weird.
It might be a free beta or something, who knows.
Uh, the Rob D. in our chatroom at chat.org.com says I'm pissed in the way anyone is when
something goes on sale after they bought it.
I don't feel like Valve should refund me or anything, such is life.
That's kind of how I feel too.
You gotta be pissed at yourself.
I bought Left 4 Dead 2 when it was 20 bucks.
The day after it became 7.
Yeah, I bought Torchlight for what, like 10, and then like, I think literally a day later
it was 5.
Oh well, shit happens.
Exactly.
You know, where it's like, you go buy a video game and then you find out, oh, if I bought
it on, you know, or bought it at Best Buy, I would have got a $10 card with it, you know.
These deals, this is just how it works.
You have to shop around for the best deals, and if you don't, oh well on you, you know.
There's more money in that damn game.
I would have been pissed if I'd bought Team Fortress 2 like two weeks ago, but I would
have been pissed in the way that somebody who buys Apple products gets pissed every
year.
Oh, people who, uh, get used to one Adobe suite only to find out that CS6 is coming
out in a few months, fuck you Adobe.
Dungeon Buster in our chat room says Team Fortress 2 going free, great, and I also bought
the orange box, surprised you didn't go free sooner.
I just, I haven't heard a lot of like the FPS's or hell even like really the Valve-owned
games going free to play.
Will Half-Life Episode 3 be free to play?
Well for what it's worth, as long as you paid some sort of money in Team Fortress 2, you
get perks.
They're not leaving us out in the lurch completely.
All of this, and Dungeon Buster, it said TF2 going free, great, I also bought the orange
box.
I bought the orange box.
I have it on Xbox.
Guess what?
I like playing better on my PC, so all this stuff going free, woo.
Also in our chat room, Penis Man asks, so are we gonna form an all-games Team Suck?
Sure, works for me.
If that name isn't already taken, which it probably is.
I'll roll up the group name when I get home.
Alright, there you go.
Team Suck.
I could do it.
Actually there is, well there isn't, to be real, there is an OLR team already out there.
It's something Deep Man put together a long time ago, so I mean, there is already an OLR
team, and you know, I'm not saying this in a negative way, but they suck.
I know we do.
Or at least they will when I start playing on it.
We don't need your help to suck, Rob.
Black Wolf wants to clarify, yeah, except Apple will refund you within a certain time
frame.
You know, if I had bought Team Fortress 2 two weeks ago, which I don't know who did,
but I wonder if you were to call Valve and complain if maybe they would give a refund.
Who knows?
Alright, there you go, let's get to the part of the show where we take a trip down memory
lane.
We trip and fall.
Put some bricks.
It's the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura is going to take a stroll down classic gaming's path and find the most obscure
fucking game she can to be the game of the week, which I believe is the case this week,
correct?
Yes, actually.
I will say something.
This is a game that I have talked about before.
So it's, it's not really a surprise, it's probably a surprise to people that haven't
brought it up already.
So the game of the week is called Emerald Dragon.
And importers, PC Engine fans, you will know this one.
Lots of dialogue, by the way.
The game is an RPG done by Glodia, which they did, they're actually created by Telnet employees,
including Tenpei Sato, who was behind Disgaea.
So this game could be, in theory, a precursor to Disgaea.
Does it have prenees?
I only played through like the first very part of it, Rob, I was like, I can't read
that much Japanese.
It's a valid question.
Anyway, it came out for PC-88 in 1989, and then came to PC-98, X68000, MSX2, FM Towne's
computer, and then the console versions were the PC Engine, CD, and Super Famicom, but
they weren't done by Glodia.
So there's no versions that are outside of Japan, but you can get a fan's translation
for the Super Famicom version by Translation Corporation.
So look for it if you really want to play it.
So basically, it's a big RPG.
There was a war in the past, and then lots of battle, and then there were two races that
lived on the main continent, and the Emerald Dragon was our champion, and then the Emerald
Dragon died and a curse fell over the land, blah, blah, blah.
So now the last dragons are around, and you have to pretty much help them out.
You actually find a green-haired girl whose name is Tamarin, which means purity, in the
ancient dragon language.
We'll call her Virgin.
Virgin.
But anyway, she has amnesia, so I won't spoil the game for you.
There's also Barsem, Farnah, Hathrum, Khorsra, lots of different people, but basically it's
a traditional JRPG, but it has some pretty different combat.
It has a large world to look over, but it's one big, unified piece, except in the Super
Famicom version.
Dude, the combat in this looks like Ultima.
Yeah.
It reminds me of Treasure Hunter G, another gem that never made it to the States.
The combat looks dead-on like Treasure Hunter G.
Well, if they came out around the same time, then that could, you know, or by a similar
team.
One was made by Square, and the other, yeah.
Well, at any rate, the way that it works is that your timing for your attack is based
on your equipment.
And then, but the only character that you can control is the main character, Attrucian.
The other characters are done by the AI, but the AI is actually pretty smart.
At any rate, with the Super Famicom version of this game, it has a dragon transformation
system so Attrucian can take on a dragon form.
And it's pretty cool.
I have the PC Engine version, I have a copy of the PC Engine version of this, I should
say, because the game costs in excess of $300 on eBay, on PC Engine.
Yikes.
One of my friends has this game, which is how I got my copy.
She's also the same one who hooked us up with Dracula X when she owed us $100, so.
And, but I mean basically, it's standard PC Engine fare as far as the screens, you know,
you've got the 16-bit sprites, and then you've got lots of voice acting, because hey, we're
doing these games on a CD now, not on HuCards.
And all the audio in it is Redbook audio.
So you can actually just pop a CD in your car, as long as you skip track two.
Nice.
So, but that is one of, I think, the gems in any PC Engine collector's archive.
Like, if I had to have three games in my PC Engine, actually no I don't have a copy of
this one, I have Sapphire, no I don't have Sapphire, so if I had to have three games
that were in my, the top tier PC Engine, it would be Dracula X, which I've got, it would
be Emerald Dragon and Sapphire, which I've covered Sapphire before.
So those would be the three.
So you've got your action game, you have your RPG, and you have your shooter.
So this is Emerald Dragon.
Alright.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Very obscure, very hard to find, but very intricate for its time with the voice acting
and everything.
Emerald Dragon.
It actually makes it more playable too, because then I at least have somewhat of a clue of
what's going on in the game.
But yeah, if I could get my hands on Emerald Dragon, and like, oh look it's Sparna.
If I could get my hands on Emerald Dragon and not pay like, you know, 300 bucks for
it, I would be pretty stoked.
Alright, your classic game of the week, Emerald Dragon on the PC Engine.
And that's going to bring us to the close of part A, but don't go anywhere guys, we're
going to come back with more of Orange Launch Radio, lots of news in part B tonight, some
music game based news believe it or not, we're going to kick it off with.
Your Twitter topics, so get those in, twitter.com slash olr, any topics like news stories and
so forth, or if you just have a question you want to ask us, you know, it's the birthday
show and all, maybe there's something that's burning on your mind that you want to ask
us, or perhaps our guests, one of the two.
Jessica Harper from Understation Live is of course here at the studio, or intern Drew,
maybe you have a question for them, you can send those to twitter.com slash olr.
And we'll have more stories coming up for you guys, FUs of the Week, Skype calls, and
plenty more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, we are live with episode number 417, I actually
had to look that up, 9 years of Orange Lounge Radio, it's June 26th, 2011 when we're taping
of course the very first episode of Orange Lounge Radio, June the 23rd, because Sundays
were on different days back then, of 2002.
We're joined in studio tonight not only by of course my co-host Dark Soccer and Loki,
always here with us, but by some special guests, intern Drew is in the kitchen, but here in
studio with us the lovely Jessica Harper from Understation Live, that's getting birthday
spankings later this month for its 10th anniversary show, I mean next month, because we're late
June, so next month I guess, within a month, basically two weeks from now-ish, exactly.
And we've been spending a lot of the time earlier in the show kind of reminiscing about
the good old days of OLR, back when we were playing a lot of DDR and so forth, and for
those that haven't heard the story, Jessica and I actually played DDR for the first time
together.
I didn't see DDR the first time with Jessica, but I'm convinced I walked into the first
Milpitas Golf Land tournament and didn't know what I was walking into.
But later we were at the 25th anniversary Rocky Horror Convention, in Las Vegas, at
the Circus Circus, and the machine was calling our name, and it was saying, I-I-I, you know
you wanna play my ass, exactly, and we actually skipped, what was it, Shock Treatment or something
on Friday, which is a shitty movie anyway, yeah, basically we were bored to tears, we
just wanted to relax and go have some, you know, casino time, and we were having our
own convention, yeah, we were like, okay, let's go get drunk at, across the way over
at Quark's Bar, and exactly, since we were the red-headed stepchildren of the Rocky Horror
community anyway, why don't we just go play DDR, exactly, we had fun, it was a good time.
But um, also that weekend, and I bring this up because this is kind of topical as of recently,
but uh, we went to the Adventure Dome, which is uh, is it even there anymore, it's at Circus
Circus, it's like a theme park, indoors at Circus Circus in Vegas, I don't even know
if it's there anymore, like, including uh, it had a full roller coaster and everything,
yeah, it was actually a pretty badass little place, yeah, I think, I don't think it's there
anywhere, because now New York has their roller coaster. I know we have some Vegas people,
so I'm sure somebody will chime in in a minute in our chat room and let us know, but um,
you know, we were at the Adventure Dome, and one of the things that they had there, and
we spent a little money on, about 20 bucks on, and it was a memory that would haunt me
forever, and ever, and ever, and ever, and ever, and it was, and you have to keep in
mind that this was 11 years ago, yes, this is even older than, yeah, Understation Live
or, uh, Orange
K.C.D. has still lodged in my throat from eating, but she can belt it out, and like,
I'm kinda like, oh, I know Love Shack, but of course I had to do the guy part, and I'm
like, I kinda don't remember how the guy part goes, so I remember at one point, and I got
teased over this for like seven years, I would go, Funky Little Shack, Funky Little Shack,
like I'm like trying to read the words as they highlight, which, you know, in the song
is Funky Little Shack, yeah, I got the song later, but unfortunately, yeah, and that actually
became our karaoke song, when Rob and I used to go out to karaoke on a fairly regular basis,
that was one of our songs that we did together, you know, other than, what was the other one,
Human League, Don't You Want Me Baby, so yeah, we actually did kind of eventually incorporated
into our repertoire.
So but it's interesting, because whereas that kinda went to go make an ass out of me, it
actually showed off that you can sing girl, and I know you've seen that, I know one of
your other Cornerstone songs is What's Goin' On by Four Non-Blondes, or What's Up by Four
Non-Blondes, and Pat Benatar song you always used to sing too, right?
Hit Me With Your Best Shot.
That's right, Hit Me With Your Best Shot.
Whip Me With Your Big Cock.
Sometimes, depending on how drunk she was, she might get up on stage.
I remember, you know, it was a gay bar, I remember a certain occasion though at Great
America with someone recording Stay, yeah, that too.
And then me doing Like A Prayer, which I foolishly let Travis even touch that CD.
Anyhow.
You should never ever ever let Travis have access to anything that you think might, yeah.
I seem to remember also a certain Karaoke Revolution incident with the two of you.
And that was when I discovered that this could really belt it out, I was stunned.
But you are, you're still doing the vocal thing, right?
I know we said for years, like Jess, you should go try out for American Idol, you should go
try out for American Idol.
Well, now you can't try out for American Idol because you're too old, as we all are.
But there's this new show where age doesn't matter, The Voice, right?
And have you been watching the show, you're really into it?
I am very, very much into it.
I heard about it after the first episode, caught up with it online and fell in love
with it instantly because the entire concept of The Voice is that you are just a voice.
You have, there's no physical you attached to it, it's just a voice in the air.
The judges, their chairs are turned completely around, so they can't even see what the hell
you look like.
You're just singing to them, and they hit their button and turn around to accept you,
no matter what you look like.
And by the way, yes, this does relate to video games, because this show is so huge.
There will be a video game based on it in six months, I guarantee it.
Oh, I'm sure.
I guarantee it.
So, um, so, so then now we have a new question.
When are you going to try out for The Voice?
August 24th in San Francisco.
Wow.
So you're doing it.
I'm actually doing it, yeah.
Oh my God.
There's a full campaign going right now.
I have a Facebook page, which goes by my, here you go, big moment on your ninth anniversary
show.
I'm going to reveal my real last name because-
Oh, even I'm not going to do that.
Because unfortunately there's no other way for me, and I couldn't just put myself as
Jessica Harper because I think Jessica Harper would get pretty pissed off.
So um, Jessica Friesen, um, if you go to facebook.com slash Jess Sings, um-
How many S's is that?
J-E-S-S-
Three.
Okay.
S-I-N-G-S.
Okay.
Four.
Well, yeah, if you can't throw it at the end.
Um, you can-
Rob, the master of the English language.
I know.
While she's auditioning for The Voice, I will be auditioning for Wheel of Fortune.
Rob is not the cunning linguist.
So you can go ahead and check out my stuff.
I actually have, uh, things on there.
Also on ReverbNation, um, dot com slash Jessica Friesen, um, that has not only the version
of Stay that Jamie had mentioned earlier, as well as the video of Rob and I doing that
infamous love shack.
Now keep in mind, again, the video, it was from VHS and it is 11 years old.
The years have not been-
Before we had DVD.
Yeah, the years have not been nice to the recording, but you still get the hint.
Um, and then there's also two recordings in there that are from when I was briefly with
the band as well.
So, um, vocals, lyrics that were written by me and obviously sung by me.
So yeah, please check it out.
Fan me and stuff.
Cause-
Yeah, let's, let's, um, let's, uh, Dark Soccer, if you wouldn't mind, would you post the link
in chat and, uh, chatters, if you wouldn't mind, let's help Jess out with some likes
and get her on The Voice because then when she wins, we can say it all started here.
Yeah.
The Reverb Nation page, thereverbnation.com slash Jessica Friesen, um, that actually is
what I gave to the people at The Voice as my page.
Nice.
As my music page.
So I had to have examples of my music and the more likes that I can get on there, the
better off I am.
And I'm already up in the 50 ish people now.
So if I can boost that up a little more.
A few more.
Yeah.
All right, let's do it.
Good luck to you.
And let us know how that goes.
You know, and sometimes I don't even know what to expect on those auditions, but you
know, there's going to be thousands of people there.
So if nothing else, go for the experience and have a blast.
Yeah.
So that's my whole intention.
I mean, I don't even expect anything to happen, but at least if I get out there and do it,
I can say that, you know, I tried, I at least gave it my best effort.
Well, Tiger Claw in our chat room says, if Jessica makes it big on American Idol, I hope
she will remember all those who knew her on OLR.
Well, I can guarantee you that won't be happening because she's trying out for The Voice.
Wrong show.
Anyhow, Salacious Pop has some karaoke requests for Jess and Rob.
Oh really?
So karaoke requests for Jessica and Rob.
Let's see here.
Close to You by The Carpenters.
No, I know what I want.
Why Do Birds?
I actually used to do it.
Part of my problem with Alone is that I am no longer the soprano that I used to be, but
you catch me with enough alcohol in my system, you might make that happen.
Love Will to Keep Us Together by Captain and Tennille.
And lastly, Don't Go Breakin' My Heart by Elton John and RuPaul.
You know what, they need to show up because I have a Captain and Tennille song on my iTunes.
Thank you.
I have Muskrat Love.
But another, I could possibly get them to take it down a couple of notes, you know.
If I can get that highest note, like just a little bit further down.
Did you, okay, did you happen to watch American Idol when Carly Smithson was on?
Okay.
We'll get back to video games at some point.
She did Jesus Christ Superstar, but she's not, her voice isn't that high.
So she actually harmonized, actually did a countermelody part and got away with it.
So I love it.
Our buddy Travis is in chat or DJ Morpheus is in chat.
And in response to the whole Jessica saying, you know, we can say it's all started here
on OLR.
DJ Morpheus says, no, she won't.
She'll be wearing a USL shirt when she's on TV.
If she doesn't, she's fired.
Touche.
And technically, you know, the entire thing did start over there because I did officially
announce it over there.
I know.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
But it would still be fun.
I'll be all right.
I embarrassed the shit out of myself with that bitch 11 years ago.
Exactly.
You just went from 52 to 58 in the last five seconds.
Awesome.
Thank you guys.
So there you go.
It may come in here worth it.
No, appreciate having you here.
And now we'll get that kind of response over on USL, you know.
Hey, you guys should listen to us all right now.
Oh, wait.
There's podcasts to listen to that.
I know, go listen.
Go start downloading right now.
Late breaking news as we get into part B tonight.
We're going to get into some video game news, but Loki, you were mentioning some late breaking
news just before we went live tonight, and this has to do with music games.
This is so big, I don't know how we didn't have it in the show before the news even came
out.
Ubisoft has announced their next big music franchise.
That's right.
You've got to wonder, how the fuck are they going to follow up Michael Jackson?
I mean, Michael Jackson, the king of pop, one of the greatest pop icons in the world.
On the anniversary of his death, nonetheless.
How possibly can we honor such...
How we go beyond that?
Who is actually...
Who will carry the torch?
Who will carry the torch?
And I am proud to announce the Black Eyed Peas will unfortunately carry the torch.
Yeah, so Black Eyed Peas Experience, ah, I can't even say that.
That will be coming out to the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii soon.
I see, so what would the Black Eyed Peas Experience consist of?
Just a bunch of shitty sampling?
I got a feeling that this game's gonna suck my ball sack at this...
I have to repeat this.
What?
Tigerclaw said, and the only way to get Jessica back on OLR would be to have us contact her
agent.
I know, right?
Then next year it'll be Jessica the Experience, but that would be better than the Black Eyed
Peas Experience, that's for sure.
Is anyone excited about the Black Eyed Peas Experience?
No.
I'm sorry, I completely was ignoring all of that.
I'm sorry they're jacking my style.
Although I did see the best headline ever, can I share this with you guys?
Hold on, I put it on my Tumblr.
I don't talk about my Tumblr a lot because it makes me feel very hipster, but it's my
favorite thing that I've posted on Tumblr.
Are you drinking PBR?
In like a week.
I think you're okay then.
Here's the picture, it's a headline in a tabloid, it says, Fergie isn't pregnant, just really
likes tacos.
Now that's an experience I can get done with.
I'm reposting that right now.
That's what Tumblr's all about, I reposted it from Alan.
Let me post that, can I post that, how do I post that in chat?
You just copy...
Copy link location.
Yeah.
There you go.
There you go.
Hooked on internet, worked for him.
I think I might have put an extra slash at the end there, try that.
Alright.
So let's just pop in our chat room, it's just- What the hell did...
There will be no tumbling during the show, stop.
You post that in chat.
I officially adore your boyfriend.
Is that an anteater face, I can't quite- It's like a little mermaid, it's a little
mermaid meets Cyrano.
Oh no, no.
Well speaking of salacious pop in our chat room, he's reacting to the Black Eyed Peas
Experience News saying, OMG, I'm like Regina George when she spit out the Cal teen bar
and screeched in Mean Girls.
Anyhow, hey, we have spinoff shows, like I imagine you love Orange Lounge Radio so much
you want to listen to some other shows.
I mean we've plugged the shit out of Undersedation Live certainly, but Dark Soccer and I do some
other shows too we want you to know about.
Dark Soccer?
I do a podcast about comics where we don't really talk about comics that much anymore.
Because guess what?
The comic industry is lame right now.
But it's me and Tiara as Mar and Marvel, I almost said Marvin.
Marvin Morrill.
I'm going to blow you up.
My space modulator.
I am Marvin the Marvel.
No, I almost said Marvin Morrill.
And that just brings me straight to...
NERF 4!
Inside jokes for the win.
Marvin Marvel.
And Dan Shadow.
And we, if you have anyone up on Tuesday, we are at Infamous.net, N-F-A-M-O-U-S.net
and we want email eventually.
People email us please.
Because I don't have to read them, Tiara has to read them.
Make Tiara read your emails.
And also we have Twitter.
It's Comic Insanity, the letter N, not an I-N, on Twitter.
If you like the World of Warcraft and you want to hear a show more obscene than this
one, check out the best little Hoard House in Azeroth, Hoardhouse.com.
This week's show we had our buddy Sil, who is originally from Amsterdam but she now lives
in Britain.
Not the London part, she lives in not London, we call it.
And this week we got her to talk about ERP and an ERP story that will shock you.
So yep, we're going to get into all that on Hoardhouse.
Hoardhouse.com.
ERP.
It's awesome.
Also.
What?
There will be more stuff coming.
More podcasts.
You and your crypto stuff-o.
Well, you're in on it.
You're helping out, shit.
I disavow all knowledge.
Yeah, can we just skip the dwarven hand cannons please?
And DJ Morpheus always there to remind me in a who's your daddy kind of way.
Rob, Understation Live is not a spinoff, it's your father, bitch.
That's why we didn't plug it just then.
Oh.
He just wants you to get off his lawn.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Waving his cane at you.
Let's get into some rapid fire news.
Some stories that we want to get through quickly because we want to spend more time not talking
about video games.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Ah, yes.
Since we were talking a little bit about music games before, I figured we might as well talk
about Rock Band.
At Rock Band, getting some new download content in the form of Poison Pack 1, featuring three
songs by Poison, including Nothing But a Good Time, Talk Dirty to Me, and Unskinny Bop.
And that's going to be $2 each, or 160 Microsoft points, or $5.49 for the whole pack, or 440
Microsoft points.
Whereas my every rose has a thorn.
Sorry, that's not...
And then also, of course, Three Doors Down, there's going to be a pack for them with the
songs Here Without You, When I'm Gone, and When You're Young.
Each of those $2, and you know, $5.49 for the whole pack.
And then of course, if that's not exactly your taste, you may check out the Rock Band
Network, where there's been a pretty neat addition.
They added Pac-Man Fever, among a bunch of other tracks.
Pac-Man Fever.
I was going to say, just a really quick side note, it's funny you mention every rose has
its thorn, Jamie.
That was my first slow dance ever.
Really, in 8th grade.
But guess what?
It's not just Pac-Man Fever, because the Buckner and Garcias also have Mouse Trap, Hyperspace,
and Froggy's Lament on the Rock Band Network.
Each of those two bucks.
But not doing the Donkey Kong.
No, I'm sorry.
And let's see here.
Other than Rock Band, some stuff coming to LA Noire, or I should say LA Noire is coming
to PC's this fall.
They're going to be doing, you know, kind of the Rockstar thing, improving the graphics
a little bit and adding 3D support as well.
That'll be coming out this fall, and I guess this fall is when I expect that we can hack
the crap out of that, because usually it takes the PC version to be able to break it open
on both console and PC.
Awesome.
And then finally, you better get on this quick if you're a Sonic fan, the Sonic Generations
demo is out now, but it will only be live for 20 days.
And actually, it's 20 days actually earlier.
So it will be running I guess from now through July 28th, and you can check it out on Xbox
Live Marketplace or the Playstation Network.
And also kind of going with that if you're in the Japanese region or have a jailbroken
phone or device, you can check out the iOS app that's available through the Japanese
app store, and it includes Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode 1 and a minigame called Sonic the
Sketchhog as well as a news feed and weekly wallpaper downloads.
Sorry, I got distracted.
Fucking Tumblr, I swear to God.
What?
No, Tumblr is banned during the show.
This is the best one ever though.
Just look at Alan's Tumblr.
He posts the craziest shit.
Today I will get shit done by visitor LLLNOPE Tumbler.
Alright, moving on.
I'll show the chatroom.
Hey, this is serious news you guys.
Yu Suzuki has revealed in a Gamasutra interview, he is leaving his management position at AM2,
which is, you know, he will be, it's part of his company that develops games.
He will be at Sega as an advisor, but he will be kind of leaving his more management roles.
So there you go.
Do you see this?
Dan and Yu Suzuki.
So how does that make you feel as such a Yu Suzuki fan?
This was E3 like seven years ago.
He looks so young.
Are you sad or are you just like, oh, well, you know, these things happen?
As long as he's still, as long as his great influence will still be upon Sega, Sega will
never really die.
Well in more news, you can file next to Duh and of course PopCap, who in an unrelated
story, has, I guess, rumors going around that somebody wants to buy PopCap for $1 billion.
Please don't be Activision.
But yeah, apparently PopCap might be sold for $1 billion.
That actually isn't the story I was going to say.
Duh and of course Bejeweled 3 is coming to consoles.
Hey Rob.
What?
You know who's rumored to be buying PopCap, right?
I heard it was EA.
Zynga.
Oh God.
Sheez.
Barf.
Speaking of Sega and Zynga, I was driving home from San Francisco last night and as
I got on the freeway, I drove by the old Sega building that now has the Zynga logo on it.
I cried.
Bejeweled 3 on the DS, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 in the last quarter of 2011, of course
you know that Bejeweled 3 is coming.
And one of these games, you better get it or else it's going to be gone.
And this was kind of a big one, TMNT.
That's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles for the hipsters.
TMNT re-shelled.
It will no longer be available after June 30th.
This is your last chance to buy it.
It will be gone in a few days time.
This has to do with licensing.
It's not that it's getting delisted because it sucks.
Which I don't even know if any games ever really were delisted because they suck.
Usually it's a license thing.
But if you want to get TMNT re-shelled, which was the arcade game but kind of redone graphics
and so forth, get it now.
Or never get it.
Those are your choices.
Dark Sakura's got some rapid fire news for us.
Then we'll get to the Twitter topics at Twitter.com slash OLR.
Well this should make a lot of fanboys, you know, need new panties.
New Dragon Age 2 download content is going to be available.
Five achievements.
There's actually no new, no price on it quite yet, but the achievements will be for a total
of 120 points.
That is conduct or defeat an ancient evil in the Denmark mountains.
Deep root safari, kill a bunch of stuff.
Family legacy, apply three effects to Hawk's Key.
Family outing, that's the main quest in the mountains with Bethany or Carver in the party.
And towns, you know, actually I got Carver killed and didn't really give a shit about
Bethany.
And tower sweeper, where you do every side quest in the mountain prison tower.
Then there's actually a public monument being made to Gary Gygax, who is one of the creators
of D&D.
And it is in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin.
It better be a huge mungus D20.
And it better be a natural 20.
It better be a 12-sider, because dude, it's all about playing warrior class.
I'm kidding, I played mages.
And last but never least, more Wii U news.
Every single time somebody says that, I always hear in my head the chick from Kung Pao.
Of course.
Anyway, Masahiro Sakurai is basically quoted as saying that another Smash Brothers game
is years away for Wii U and 3DS.
They're putting all of their effort into Kid Icarus Uprising.
And he said that it makes him cringe that he's got more projects on his plate.
What makes him cringe?
The fact that they're announcing games like five years before they're coming out.
Is that the part that makes him cringe?
The fact that he's, I don't know, just putting his credibility online.
Hey, by the way, we're going to have a new Mario game.
Mario's going to come out and be alive in your house.
Oh, that's not coming out for 50 years though.
The quote, it makes me cringe that I'm not sure it's the smartest thing to make gamers
wait for several years.
But the early announcement was made chiefly in order to attract new team members.
We've got no plans whatsoever, we've got two new games out there in the open when there's
no extra time to work on them all.
So basically he's being pretty upfront about it, saying, I don't know why they told you
all this early, but here you go.
To attracting new team members.
Apparently they need work.
Well, there's people over here who don't have jobs who can design pretty well, and I'll
design your manual for you if you pay me a lot.
I would think that they would be able to put that up on, I don't know, a job posting or
something like that instead of saying, hey, fans of, hey, guess what, fans of Smash Brothers.
There's a game coming.
Would you rather have someone working on a project that actually cares about the project
or somebody who's just worried about throwing out crap?
Well, I would have, I'd rather they care about it, but also rather they, I don't know, don't
announce it before you have even started the game.
I think it was more- It's an inevitability anyway.
I was about to say the same thing, I was thinking more in the name of inevitability, new Nintendo
console, yeah, of course, we're going to put our new Smash Brothers, but we'll do it later.
Hypothetically, games that are going to be coming out then.
I mean, since they're out there- Microsoft did it too.
They announced Alan Wake with the 360 five years later.
Okay, but it was probably in development.
It wasn't something that they said, eh, well, you know, there's a difference between delay,
delay, delay, and the difference between, yeah, well, we haven't really started the
game yet.
I mean- It's just, so we wrote it down on a piece of paper.
You know it's coming out.
You know we're going to.
We just haven't started on it.
Hey, wouldn't you guys like a Smash Brothers game on the 3DS?
We would too.
So that's why we're going to work on one someday.
It's like, that's what Nintendo was announcing at E3, shit that they don't even have started
yet.
They're probably on the drive in or walking up on it and saying, hey, you know what, we
should tell them that there's a new Smash Brothers coming out.
Yeah.
All right, let's get to some Twitter topics, twitter.com slash o-l-r, tweet, tweet, tweet,
every week.
We need you here every week just for that part.
Every week you guys send us tweets, but only tonight we'll just sing.
Twitter.com slash o-l-r, we have a handful of tweets tonight.
I want to start tonight with a completely random tweet from Flaming Toilet who sends
us a tweet that's a retweet from Agent M. Behold, the 25th anniversary DVD collection
of the Golden Girls and we get linked to a post on Yes Tumblers, which is I guess this
Golden Girls collection that comes in a gigantic purse.
It's all seven seasons on DVD with a deck of playing cards as well.
Better come with like a gift certificate to Cheesecake Factory.
When's that coming out?
Soon.
I don't know.
I didn't see the date.
I would think that Applebee's would be more appropriate.
But I loved Flaming Toilet's comment.
Now if we could just get them to include an official game in that box set.
Yeah.
I'm hoping.
And don't forget about maybe having the first season of Golden Palace.
Oh God.
Do you remember that?
Yeah.
Oh, they linked it to Amazon.
Oh, gee.
The low, low price of 182 bucks.
Geez.
Let's see.
When is it out?
That is still cheaper than Deep Space Nine for the record.
It's out.
I don't know.
That's a lot of Betty White.
It's out now.
In stock.
Buy it now.
It's my birthday.
Just saying.
All right.
Moving on, let's see, going to S2 100 Matt.
A guy is shipping himself 2,000 plus miles in a crate while playing Lord of the Rings
online.
Surprisingly for a good cause too.
This might be relevant to Jessica's interests.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, we were just talking earlier about shipping Drunami in a crate.
Which server, dammit.
There he is.
He's in a crate playing on a PC there.
That is not comfortable looking.
What's his name?
Performance artist, Jordan Wayne Long, starting on July 7th, he will be confined to a small
wooden box.
He's being shipped from Bald Knob, Arkansas.
He's going to...
And we're back to the penis joke.
Being all alone in that box, he's going to have a Bald Knob by the time he's done.
Well, you know, there's only so much you can do during, you know, but it is summer festival,
so...
You're going to get bored of Lord of the Rings online eventually.
A man's got needs.
Bald Knob, Arkansas to Portland, Oregon.
Just picture him finding some cute little elf.
It will be...
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
He'll be...
He'll have to find which port to put his Bald Knob in.
Why the fuck is he doing it?
The reasons apparently are mixed.
He wants to provide entertainment through his Twitter account.
He also aims to better understand post-traumatic stress disorder.
Many individuals who experienced traumatic events...
What?
Is this a joke?
Are you going to tell me this is a hoax?
No, no.
It's not a hoax.
Here's why he's doing it.
Attention whore is why he's doing it.
Because he's a poor artist.
I'm doing an art project where I'm going to ship myself in a container and play Lord of
the Rings.
It worked.
How is being in a shipping container while having entertainment, and at least you have
one luxury, how is that causing PTSD in any way, shape, or form?
How are you going to have post-traumatic stress disorder?
He's playing Lord of the Rings online.
If you want to get PTSD, why don't you play Black Eyed Peas The Experience?
I don't get this.
I hope they put him in one of those shipping containers up in the airplanes where they
have no oxygen and sub-zero freezing temperatures and he freezes to death.
That's what I hope happens to this guy.
He freezes to death.
I wish him death by freezing.
Now if that does happen, you're going to feel a little bad.
No, I'm not.
I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh.
I'm on the record right now saying I will laugh my ass off for at least five minutes.
Maybe to break it to you, but I don't think there's any major airports in Bald Knob.
If there was.
Yes, there is.
Bald Knob International.
I don't think anybody could ever take it seriously if they had to take a flight from there.
They have flights every day to Toronto and Guadalajara.
The views expressed on this program do not necessarily reflect those of all the staff
of Orange Lawns Radio.
Right?
And Frisbee says that can't be more than a four to five hour flight.
Dude, he's shipping himself UPS.
That's the problem.
That's why it's going to take seven days.
He's going to get lost, dumped in the ocean, you know.
They'll leave him on some back porch somewhere.
Hold on.
Hold on.
So why is he able to ship himself via, you know, UPS?
Because I'm pretty sure they have policies against him.
I don't know how he's shipping himself, but I just assumed it was UPS.
Old Dominion.
So I hope they're shipping him because they will lose that package.
Alright.
Tiger Claw links us to some stories here real quick.
Remember GeoHot?
That's right.
The man behind the Sony PlayStation debacle when Sony was going to sue him.
Probably the whole reason why Sony got hacked a couple months ago.
Apparently, he's come out of this okay.
He's got a development gig now at Facebook.
Yeah, this was, I guess, validated by a group called Techmeme.
I don't know.
But they tweeted a link to his private Facebook wall, which apparently called Facebook an
amazing place to work.
So it'll be interesting to see what he cooks up over at Facebook.
Also, one other link here from Tiger Claw on Twitter at twitter.com slash o-l-r.
Gameplay Theater Festival.
Speaking of performance art, here we go.
It combines gaming and performance art.
If you're in Brooklyn, oh God, haven't these guys done this shit before?
I remember a Brooklyn theater and something about gaming.
But the Brick Theater is going to be doing gameplay.
It's a theater festival comprised of gaming-oriented stage productions, musical performances, and
interactive performance art.
Let's see.
There's Romeo and Julietette.
It's a modern interpretation of Shakespeare's classic.
It will be performed entirely within World of Warcraft.
Modal Kombat uses real guitars to control Mortal Kombat characters.
There's a YouTube.
I could play it.
Why don't they actually do a good Shakespeare play?
Or I could go to the last tweet tonight from ActDeft.
Here's a good question.
A question for our nine-year anniversary show.
I like this.
What has been the most impacting or surprising gaming news in these nine years?
What has been the most impacting or surprising gaming news in these nine years?
I'll start with Loki.
He's opinionated.
I don't know.
Come back to me.
I'll think about this.
Dark Sakura?
Nothing's really surprising, you know?
It's anything that's exciting is cyclic because they're always, it's always going to be, I
read them on E3, all this stuff, blah, blah, blah, and then all of this blah, blah, blah.
So it really is going to go in a cycle.
It's nothing stays really crazy.
I guess the monumental news of the whole nine years is that I'd like WoW now.
The most impactful news of the past, well, let me go to the guests first before I say
my opinion.
Anybody?
Jiranami?
No?
Jess Carper passing?
I don't know.
Anything you guys didn't think of?
I'm going to go along with Jamie's line of thinking of, oh my goodness, I'm actually
playing an MMO, which for anybody who knows me is pretty shocking.
Maybe the advent of the MMO, if you will, over the past nine years.
I mean, granted Ultima online is a little bit over nine years old, but maybe the mainstreaming
of the MMO, it really, it would definitely be in the top five, I think for me.
It really, it really did like, and I've said so on the show before, but I've used to play
Gemstone back in the day when it was on AOL and you had to pay to play Gemstone when you
had to pay to do AOL by the hour.
See, my first, when I first started into tech support and the whole IT world, I was surrounded
by guys who were playing EverQuest.
So that was all I ever heard about was EverQuest, EverQuest, EverQuest.
And it was because of them that I swore off any kind of MMO ever.
And here I am many, many, many, many years later and I'm addicted to Lotro.
So I don't know.
For me, the most impacting Xbox Live is the biggest story I think that's happened in nine
years.
It took the Xbox particularly seriously until Xbox Live changed console gaming and not only
changed console gaming, it killed arcades.
And it changed the way we commune as a community.
And it's, you know, been imitated by other places.
I think Xbox Live, it's part of the reason we have what, Dark Soccer's favorite word
microtransactions now is because of Xbox Live.
Xbox Live, I think is the most impactful thing that's happened in nine years.
And I'm still thinking just the whole really pushing the internet too.
How long do you think it'll actually be before they just give up on the concept of arcades
altogether?
I don't think they ever will because the ticket gambling things will always be there.
And I think there will always be a pinball machine in a bar.
Well, at the same time though, just while I was going through Roseville Golf Land, I
always make notes when I see new tick redemption games as well.
And there were only one or two.
It seems like even those are starting to slow down a little bit.
However Pachinko in Japan is still big.
The most surprising for me is kind of a tie.
I would say the Nintendo Wii.
Just the fact that Nintendo did it.
They had a vision and they were right and love them or hate them for it, they did it.
And the rise of Facebook games I think is very surprising.
Farmville might be the most surprising thing of the past nine years.
Again, love it or hate it, your grandma's playing it.
I have to go with the fact that Nintendo had this neat system that they developed called
the Revolution.
And at the last minute they thought, hey, you know what's a better name?
Wii.
And also Giant Enemy Crabs.
Some of the chatters disagree with me.
I can't see how Xbox Live killed arcade gaming because you didn't have to leave the house
to go be with other people.
That's why I say that.
I mean, granted, it's one of several things that probably led to that.
But I think it made that whole community gaming, you didn't have to really leave the house
to do it.
And that goes right hand in hand with the whole internet MMO thing.
I think those are closely married together.
Just thinking back to the way things used to be, the arcade used to be a place that
people would go to hang out.
Even before when, you know, we were actively playing as a group at Roseville Golf Land
and what have you back in the day.
Earlier than that, you know, people were like, there's, at Birdcage Center, this is a place
that we used to have a Rocky at, they had an arcade.
It was one of the best and it was the thing to do was you would hang out and you would
either go to the bowling alley, to the movies, or you would be hanging out in the arcade.
And it was the social, basically the social mecca of that entire area.
So I think that essentially the internet and all of, you know, the MMOs, Xbox Live, what
have you, all of that has really, really led to the decline.
I mean, it's nice to, you know, on a whim go to the arcade with your friends, but it's
not someplace you're going to be spending every single night like we were back in our
DDR days.
It just doesn't happen.
Yeah.
So, and again, folks in the chat room still disagreeing with me over Xbox Live killing
arcade games.
I'll give you that concession.
It didn't single handedly do it, but I still stand by my answer.
Xbox Live's the most important thing that happened in gaming in the past nine years.
And again, the Xbox would have failed without it.
People did not take the Xbox seriously until you played Halo 2 online for the first time.
I mean, there was, of course, some people bought the system, but it did not take off
until Xbox Live.
And I think that really actually started, I think, from the Dreamcast, because a lot
more online games for a console came out with the Dreamcast.
We had Phantasy Star Online in Japan, which didn't support their broadband adapter over
here, which was shitty.
Quake 3.
So many games started coming out toward the end of the Dreamcast Live that used the online
support.
But Xbox Live centralized it, and that was huge.
Exactly.
See, that's what I'm saying is that the concept was there.
Sega was starting to push it, and you notice how quick...
Xbox didn't invent it, they just perfected it.
Oh, Microsoft's way of gaming.
They don't think of it always, they just perfect it.
But in Japan, they had the Satellaview for Super Nintendo, where you could play online
games.
And what was the thing called for the Genesis?
The X-something.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
The online Genesis thing that they had?
Sega Channel.
Yeah, Sega Channel.
But it was starting there.
They had the right idea, and then I think it was just like, well, people are wanting
to do this.
Let's make it happen, and let's make it happen in a big way.
And that's where Xbox came in.
They basically took what everyone was thinking and like, okay, here.
Yeah, I think Black Wolf sums it up pretty well.
It didn't catch on with the Dreamcast, and it didn't catch on with Sega Channel.
I mean, it was a great idea, but it didn't catch on.
It needed Microsoft for the marketing.
And you know, that centralization, I think, is again the key word there too.
All right, let's move on past Twitter topics.
Let's get into some more gaming news.
We have some more stories for you guys, FUs of the Week coming up as well.
At some point, we'll have a mailbag too.
And then, of course, the calls, the Skypline at 1-877-GAME-OLR, but not just yet.
First some stories.
Loki.
Yes, there's a class action lawsuit against Sony, of course, about the PlayStation Network
outage.
It is alleged, though, that part of this lawsuit is because they're saying that layoffs had
an effect on the PlayStation Network making it vulnerable.
Apparently, it says that a Sony online entertainment platform engineer claims that Sony's technicians
only installed firewalls on an ad hoc basis after they determined that a particular user
was attempting to gain unauthorized access to the network.
And it says also that, I guess, Sony spent lavishly on security measures for its own
PlayStation dev network and didn't put the same effort or budget into securing users'
data.
Because they only seem to care about themselves.
And also, I guess, that they enacted large-scale layoffs in March of this year, just weeks
before the massive data breach.
Hmm.
That's a little coinkydink.
Um, yeah, so there's a whole lot of not nice things that are going on there.
I'm making Rob laugh.
Tarzara's teaching me sign language.
I thought I was going to say, no incur.
Well, what do you think, though?
Is this really to blame for why PlayStation Network went down?
I don't know.
I think just people really want to kick Sony while they're down, and this just seems a
little bit like...
I mean, if they're spending a lot of money and time to secure their other network that
has stuff that's important to Sony, but yet the stuff that's important to their consumers,
like I don't know their personal information, they just leave wide open, then yeah, that
does sound like a problem to me.
I think at the end of the day, you know what I always say on this show, hackers gonna hack.
And I think after everybody was very angered by the removal of Linux, I don't even think
if they could have had the higher security facility in the world, they probably still
would have found a way to get in there and hack it.
You know?
I just...
I don't know.
Not that it makes it right.
Sony had every enemy in the world at that point.
That's also like saying, you know, well, I left my doors unlocked in my house, so that's
why I got robbed, you know, versus, oh, well, my house was locked up like Fort Knox and
had a security alarm and all this stuff, and I got robbed.
Well, you know, that kind of security does deter people from hacking.
And you know, I mean, we can, you know, put out a bunch of what if scenarios out there
for a whole, you know, bunch of things that they could have done, but they didn't do any
of them, so we don't really need to.
Stupidity in terms of security aside, you still don't blame the victim.
All right.
You can't say, oh, well, it's just, you know, why secure banks?
Bank robbers are gonna rob banks.
I mean, that's, that's dumb.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Uh, you know, there was a lot of talk about, uh, this whole halo connect thing.
You remember the domain connect halo.com made everybody say, oh God, Microsoft's working
on a halo game with connect.
And then the halo anniversary edition was rumored, ultimately announced, and a lot of
people assumed that it was going to have connect integration, but they didn't show it at E3.
Well, apparently, uh, there is this whole, I guess, thing going around that there's a
better for connect, I guess, thing going on with, uh, the new halo game and, uh, Microsoft
studios, Phil Spencer, who's the boss there, uh, mentioned with game spot as a first party.
We believe that connect will be important to all genres of games.
Even games like halo anniversary has connect integration.
So you can say confirmed connect integration with halo anniversary, but it may not be what
you think.
There was a forum admin BS angel, like that name, uh, on the halo waypoint forums.
Uh, one of the admins said about halo anniversary's connect integration, just to let everybody
know the connect features we're exploring with halo anniversary are optional and won't
affect your core gameplay experience.
Our mission from day one has been to deliver a faithful recreation of the original game.
And we remain dedicated to seeing that through to completion.
This says to me that the connect stuff they're looking at integrating probably has nothing
to do with the game itself, but it's going to be like voice commands in the menus or
I don't know, maybe using the connect to some microphone.
So you can say obscenities to all the people on Xbox live from your couch or just little
dumb things that will connect.
No, I don't even think that just, or yeah, maybe a color for your outfit based on the
actual shirt you're wearing.
Just really stupid shit like that.
That paint master chief.
Yeah.
And I think that's the type of stuff now we're looking at is literally things tacked on to
just say, Hey, this game uses connect.
You know, it would be neat to do a map editor using connect.
Yeah, but I don't see a halo map editor happening period, but it just occurred to me that it
would actually be cause you say move tree here because of forge member for just part
of the, or you could just go play Minecraft.
I had a nightmare about Minecraft.
You had a nightmare about Minecraft?
I sure did.
Did the goblins get through to your house or any of that stuff?
The goblins all had internet troll faces.
I'm not even joking.
Penis man in our chat room says, I don't care if they add connect to halo.
As long as I can play it with just a controller as the halo lover I am.
There you go.
And black Wolf says face mapping under your helmet.
It's technology.
So good.
You can't even tell it's there anyhow.
Also real quick about halo.
There is flaming helmets coming to halo reach.
That's right.
If you register on bungee.net or through the recently released iOS app, you have until
the end of July 7th to get a flaming bungee head on fire, blue flame thing for halo reach.
You can get that.
And there's this cute little PSA they made about it from of course, red versus blue.
So guess what, Jessica, I can play halo and be flaming.
Hello, I'm flaming.
I'm playing halo.
It's fabulous.
Dark Sakura, you have some news for us?
I have mail.
No, I've got news.
You have mail.
Excuse me.
Burn the mail.
Okay.
We got some birthday wishes in the mailbag.
Bit.Trip Saga and Bit.Trip Complete are being done on the 3DS and Wii and will be out on
the 13th of September in the US.
But there's no European publisher yet.
Sadness.
But we'll have it here so everybody in Europe import it.
Those Bit.Trip games won't go away at all.
You know, like those Bit.Trip games have been coming out for like years and years, but a
lot of them are pretty cool, I got to say.
Bit.Be.Trippin?
I like Bit.Trip Beat, even though they've released it like as many times as Bejeweled's
been released on all these different platforms, but still kind of an eet game.
Bit.Be.Trippin.Beats?
Block Rockin' Beats.
All right.
Before we get to some more news.
Oh, look, it's the mailbag music.
It must be time.
Dang it.
I almost closed, oh, I closed everything.
My bad.
I don't think so.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com and sometimes I remember to put it on the show roll because
this is a show where every gamer has a voice, usually.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com.
I know why you didn't do it because last week you read it and you thought that I might have
laryngitis again this week.
Well guess what?
I did it out of consideration for you.
Yeah, well.
This is from Rabba.
Here's one of the few stories that link games with less violence and crime.
My take is, my take on this is, this is just a theory not scientific study.
The only difference is they who, they can compare video game proliferation against the
crime rates dropping by year, which is more objective data than the games cause violence
wingnuts, which only seem to use handpicked data from poorly designed experiments.
And this actually comes from BBC, which honestly, world news from BBC is probably one of the
best sources to get it from.
It's the BBC.
Well, keep in mind, you want your dry news, you get it from the BBC.
Without any of the, you know, sensationalism.
Tonight on the BBC, blah blah blah, etc, etc.
But I've covered this on the show before.
I think I'm coming.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh dear.
Isn't it nice to have a penis?
Isn't it awfully good to have a dong?
In 19, okay, it says 1985 crack market recruits youngest sellers and it's a relatively low
rate then.
1991 peak murder rate, crack demand starts to fall.
And it, it is actually, as of right now, the crime rate is lower for murder, that is, than
it was in 1970.
And it hit its peak in, I think, around 19, yeah, 1991, 1982.
And that robbery rates are also just slightly higher than murder rates, but still far low
what they were in 1970.
And that's coming from the FBI.
You know what that means, though, Rob.
You know, on Wall Street you're hearing, sell crack, sell crack, sell crack, sell crack.
I'm posting a link to this in the chat room.
But I've covered that on the station before, because there was actually someone who did
an independent study using a number of different resources, including the FBI and various local
police accounts that came to the same conclusion.
Guess what came out in 1991?
The NES, I do believe, in the United States.
In 91?
91, no, the Super Nintendo.
Super Nintendo.
Unfortunately crack will be on the rise again and it's all thanks to video games.
Thanks to a new video game that's going to be coming out this holiday season.
It's called Being Bobby Brown.
Let's take a look at a clip.
We got to live with stars.
We got to live with the anthrax.
Oh, you just watch too much TV.
I'm a true American.
I've been to jail before.
That's American.
Kiss my ass!
You kiss my ass?
Kiss my ass!
Fucking love that song.
Yeah, everybody.
Bobby!
And, uh.
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby!
Bobby! and I.
Whitney Houston, the experience coming out.
Where's my drugs?
I'll tell you what.
Whitney Houston, the experience would be better than Black Eyed Peas, the experience.
I'm sorry.
It would be, there's some of the experience there.
That's for sure.
Well, anyway, they're, they're attributing some of this to the Obama effect, meaning
that they're saying that having a, a black president is better, uh, a better role model.
Where's my Kurt Cobain experience?
And then there's a fall in demand for crack.
It'd be a short game.
Smarter.
Obama being president means there's less of a demand for crack.
I'm going number by number.
The story's reaching.
Smarter, uh, policing.
Better tracking of numbers so that they can actually keep the flow of criminality down.
Increased availability of legal abortion.
And more criminals behind bars.
Reducing of lead in gasoline is decreasing exposure to children, which is also contributing
to a fall in violent crime.
The Baby Boomers grew up.
And video, okay, now this is it.
This is the important one.
Number nine, a study released last month suggested video games were keeping young people off
the streets and therefore away from crime.
Researchers in Texas working with the Center for European Economic Research said this incapacitation
effect more than offset any direct impact the contents of games may have had in encouraging
violent behavior.
So what you're saying is then they're just too fat to go outside and kill each other?
Pretty much.
Too lazy.
Nah.
It's, it's, it's more that-
I'd fucking kill you, but I'm feeling really high.
And also the last one on there, and actually I like this one, the proliferation of camera
phones.
Meaning, oop, someone's robbing the ATM.
Snap.
Just saying.
Next email.
Hey.
It's pretty valid.
And at least it's better supported than, you know, all those other, you know, games are
making my kids rob me right here.
And at the same time, the amateur porn market is thriving due to camera phones.
Okay, this comes from Holly.
Has there been anything on Microsoft's next console?
Do you think they are just keeping it under wraps or that maybe they haven't made anything
this time around?
Under wraps.
Maybe.
I'd be kind of interested in seeing a portable from Microsoft.
With the DS things have been coming out lately, I'm just not feeling Nintendo anymore.
Nintendo seems to be focusing way too much on gimmicky things and way less on quality
of games.
No, not you, I'm sorry, I'm posing for a picture for two.
Okay.
My husband and I both recently got rid of our DS lights in all the games.
He had just bought the new Pokemon game but got bored with it after a week since it's
pretty much the same game all over again.
Actually, we also gave away our Wii to my mom as well.
She's using it to watch Netflix.
But when our Xbox died, we freaked and ran immediately by another one.
It's already Red Ringed once, didn't know if they'll cover it a second time.
That's just saying, you know, we loaned out our Wii, but we've got three Xboxes now.
As far as the new Xbox goes, there's gonna be tight-lid secret on that until at least
next E3, maybe even one more, and it all has to do with not wanting to cannibalize sales
of the current Xbox.
Why would you buy an Xbox today with Kinect if you know something better is coming out
next year?
There's a lot of people incentive to wait, so I'm gonna say that's your number one reason.
It's not, to be honest, that's not specific to Xbox.
PlayStation 4 has been in development for years, I guarantee it.
You're just not gonna hear about it for a little while, because they don't want to cannibalize
the PlayStation 3.
Such is how the game industry works.
Good lord, people.
Okay.
Hey, OLR crew!
AZHP here with congratulations and salutations for another year of OLR.
I couldn't think of a better way to celebrate your birthday and your roots than an addition
of Where Are They Now?
Bay Area DVR Players.
FanaMacon was, a few weeks ago, Milton, Maple, and Gary, who was Shintengi, practically run
the show and I love them for it.
Wendell is a trooper and ran Stage Zero day and night to keep folks in the convention
center entertained.
And speaking of Stage Zero, the DS players, a dance crew formed mostly of old DVR freestylers,
took the stage and blew everyone away.
No longer satisfied to dance on panels in time to arrows the likes of AJ Sweetbanana,
John Chaos, James Captain Canada, Lawrence Fuzzyhat, and many more cosplayed as random
completely non-anime related characters like Jesus, Jackie Chan, The Terminator, and Tigger
while popping, locking, and breakdancing to the tunes of 8-bit remixes and old school
funk.
They put on an amazing show and they inspire me to become a better dancer.
There was still stepping on arrows to be had as Jonas Explicit, who's been on the show
quite a few times, who now runs the Big Anime Game Room, or Teabagger for short, at most
Bay Area conventions, hosted a DVR freestyle tournament to try and relive the good old
days.
To prove that freestyle is dead, no one cared if you failed or even hit the arrows because
no one here remembers how to dance and step on arrows at the same time.
Bruce Leroy showed up and brought it back old school, but Chaos won with some excellent
locking.
Mel B and Rain provided some sweet tunes at the Fanime Rave, and were the only two DJs
who played music that anyone can dance to.
I won't get into how I feel about anime con rave music here, but suffice to say that Mel
B and Rain are following their passion of music.
By the way, if you're really lost right now, these are all people that were very much like
win, place, and show in the DVR tournaments of our day, so if you didn't follow that scene,
you're a little lost right now.
And I'm pretty sure that Hitori Hanzo was also part of the rave crew as well.
Yes.
But I want to say, for those that were, this is a great email.
Let's lose people further with a resounding, hi guys!
Shut up.
I'm actually totally...
I wanted to go to Fanime this year, but it didn't work out.
I'm going to Fanime next year, I don't care.
Finally at Kentucky Con in Sacramento last weekend, I ran into Lil B, who showed up for
a dance competition to win a thousand dollar grand prize.
For those who don't know, Lil B started dancing seriously around four or five years ago.
From what I can hear from his sister, he dances all day and all night and wins dance competitions
all over the Bay Area.
There was some fierce competition at Kentucky Con, but Lil B came out on top to claim the
grand prize.
That man is still like five feet tall, but now he has transformed into a compact ball
of pure energy that exists only to dance and win.
Also I went to Sviggle for the first time in about five years, and Corey Virtu was still
there playing 2DX.
It's nice to know that some things never change in life.
Zing.
Except he's married now.
Can you believe that?
Didn't he like come just walk by you randomly one day and go douche or something?
Uh, no, I think that was the other douche.
I don't know.
Or somebody, you know, somebody else did that and I was like, what?
Let's talk about happier subjects.
He did the, the, the bag of flour.
Who did the bag of flour?
That was Changer.
That was Changer.
That was.
He didn't.
I thought that Corey did something else.
Anyway, my brain, okay.
It's nice to know some things never change in life.
I hope you all enjoyed my edition of Where Are They Now?
The prevailing theme is that the freestylers are still dancing just without the aid of
arrows and a dance pad.
Definitely check out the DS players on YouTube and we'll be locking as well.
The way I see it, if a bunch of anime nerds who liked a dancing video game become one
of the best crews in the Bay Area, anyone can learn to dance.
Happy birthday, OLR, and I love you all.
You're truly AZHP.
Great email.
Yes.
Worth.
For, for like 5% of the audience.
I need some lighter.
For everybody in this room.
Yes.
Exactly.
Memories.
Okay.
Hi, all.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
First off, I want to thank you guys for giving me so many tips for a horror point and click
game.
I started with Amnesia, The Dark Descent.
I've never been so scared in my life.
When my husband, who stood right behind me, said something to me, I shrieked and almost
punched him in his manly hood.
I would say your suggestion was a great success.
Secondly, congrats on producing such a great podcast for nine years.
I only hope that we perhaps can look forward to another nine years.
I have two questions for, I have two questions for all of you.
Since I'm an MMO addict, what do you think of the upcoming MMO, The Secret World?
I'm hoping it will be really good, Horcrux, Lulu, etc.
But I do fear that it might not be as good in the end as I want it to be.
A bit what I got with Conan.
My second question, in these nine years of podcasting, what have you guys learned about
yourselves in podcasting?
Do you have any tips for the rookies out there?
Friends of love, Sil.
P.S.
I'm still going to Ninja Dark Sakura for an interview on Girls Gone Wow.
I'm down for it.
Those are two completely different questions.
The Secret World, I don't know much about it, but I'm doing a little bit of reading
on it.
And it sounds like it's the folks that made Age of Conan, so it ties into that.
And Anarchy Online, it's being made for Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows.
And there's no levels, no classes, it's all skill-based, so you don't have to level grind.
And I guess there's several side quests and all that typical stuff you know on MMO.
I don't know much about this game.
I don't think they showed it in E3 this year, or if they did, it was a little bit under
the radar.
So I don't know enough about it to really comment on it.
I want to total call a Cthulhu MMO.
I hope it's better than the Conan MMO was.
Ju just said what I was seeing, where you're never going to get a character past level
five.
What was the second question?
The second question was something about podcasting itself, right?
What have you guys learned about yourselves and podcasting, and do you have any tips for
the rookies out there?
Oh, God.
I've learned that I have a high tolerance for bullshit now.
Not really.
I don't have a high tolerance for bullshit.
That's kind of a wide question, considering how much the whole process of quote-unquote
podcasting has changed over the last nine years as well.
That's true.
There was no podcasting when OLR started.
Yeah, there was no such thing as a podcast.
There was just broadcasting on live 365, and boom, there you go, shoutcast server galore.
I will tell you one big thing that I've learned just from being a quote public figure, because
we would get emails from complete strangers, that when someone is saying that you need
to go back to the kitchen and that you're bringing down the podcast, it's sort of like,
well, they don't know shit about me.
I don't care.
It was that point where I was like, I don't really care.
I can take whatever comes my way.
I've got a lot of people supporting me, and really, those are the people that I'm doing
this for.
Yeah.
Haters going to hate.
Exactly.
That was the big thing.
Haters going to hate.
And for every troll out there, look at the chat room.
People that are spending their Sunday nights listening to some schmoes on the internet
talk about hate.
They could be in church.
I mean, that's why to be here, but let me give you the number one piece of advice.
I could do a podcast on podcasting, but let me give you the number one piece of advice.
Maybe two pieces of advice.
Number one, don't do a podcast because you want to be famous.
If you're doing it for that reason, you're doing it for the wrong reason.
Trust me.
You're getting into a very bad-
I quit.
Thing.
And the very first episode of Orange Lawns Radio, the very first hundred episodes of
Orange Lawns Radio were for 12 people, but they were 12 people that were giving up their
Sunday nights to come listen to what we had to say.
And it was like hanging out with your friends at dinner, at Brookfield's, Denny's, whatever
the place is.
Some of us still podcast to 12 people.
Exactly.
And if you're not-
But we love it.
And that's the whole purpose.
Because those are 12 bad-ass people that you're having fun with.
So podcast because you like that sense of community, no matter how big your community
is.
I made a lot of friends all over the world.
And they've sent us this.
It's not porn.
I did.
It's in that box.
No, it's not in that box.
Do podcasting to get porn.
There's actually not that box, but that box over there still has some of the stuff.
I know.
I know.
Podcasting porn.
And then honestly, as far as the actual production of a podcast, quote unquote, my big thing,
be enthusiastic.
And you don't have to be like, oh my God, you guys, I'm so excited about games.
No, just sound like you want to be doing a podcast.
Fabulous.
What's that?
Fabulous.
No, for real.
Like, just, just, I can't tell you how many podcasts I've heard where it's like, okay,
so welcome to episode number five of Game Casts and we're going to talk about video
games.
Would you like fries with that?
You know, it's just like, sound reasonably happy.
And I realize sometimes we're very harsh critics about video games here on the show, especially
that guy sitting over there when it comes to Nintendo, but don't mistake.
Don't talk to Drew like that.
Don't mistake enthusiasm.
Fuck you, buddy.
A lot of that is, when I say enthusiasm, a lot of that is really passion.
Have a passion for what it is you're talking about.
Even if you're talking about nothing.
Or talking out your ass.
We rant and we rave because we actually give a damn.
Talking out of my ass?
What are you talking about?
And don't do what I used to do every few years and do nothing but read Harry Potter books
during the podcast.
SSTA 100 Matt in Chat says, I don't even remember what I did on Sunday nights before OLR.
That's how long I've been listening to OLR, seven or eight years.
I remember what I did.
I slept.
I used to go to the goth club with Jessica.
Yeah, that's why I was never around on Sundays.
Funny enough.
Ironically, that goth club sucks now, so.
I know.
Well, I was just thinking about that two weeks ago because I heard about it in passing or
something and I was just like, God, I haven't been there in nine years.
Yeah, it's still going.
But it sucks now.
It's all teeny boppers.
Baby bats.
Yeah.
Complete batlings.
I'm more goth than you.
Either that or I'll wear less clothing than you.
Did I tell you about me going to bat stay at Disneyland?
It was sad.
It was a bunch of little hot topic.
Baby goths.
Burn down.
I slept for this one chick who was wearing full black Victorian garb with the bustle
and everything, pushing her baby in a lace covered pram.
It was the most adorable thing.
I was like, okay, you're doing actual gothic.
Yeah.
I'm catching up on some of the chat comments from chat.orangelandsradio.com because I was
busy chatting about that last email and I'm catching up with your chats and I want to
say this and then we can maybe go on to the next email.
I love this comment from dark Tetsuya in the chat room.
This is about the haters going to hate line that a dark soccer was talking about.
Yeah, really.
You've been doing the radio podcast thing for nine years.
What have they done with themselves in that time?
They just right on dig, you know, and that was the whole thing is like the moment that
I saw the sort of misogynistic comments, I was like, it has nothing to do with any type
of talent or anything that I said they're going to be little, you know, dickless, you
know, dick, peons wonder.
Next email.
Okay.
I'm actually replying to, to stills.
I say something.
Look, I'm sending her my email.
Oh, still was the guest on Horde house and she was fabulous.
I'll reply to it later, but I'm sending still my re my regular email so that, oh, you girls
going to chat offline about pillow fights?
No, about me being on girls gone.
Wow.
Oh, okay.
That's a fun show.
Yeah.
She wants to go wild on girls gone.
Wow.
Mm hmm.
I want you to take your top off, get the record for the record.
My tune has already danced mostly naked in front of the Lich King.
Keep your ass out of gold.
Try her.
There's pictures of my tune dancing naked in front of the Lich King before you go on
girls gone.
Wow.
I need you to do some research.
I want you to roll a character on the moon guard server, take off all your clothes and
run to gold Shire and just, just watch.
Really?
See, now you're giving me ideas, Rob, you realize you got on brandy wine.
You realize that when we get back from pink Berry, that's the first thing I'm fucking
straight from our chat to Bree all the way to the Shire completely naked.
Just saying.
Damn it guys.
Moon guard used to be good.
We'll take technically they, um, they, uh, we'll shoot, um, I'd have to get to storm
wind too.
Is it from storm wind to gold Shire?
I'll win the gold Shire.
Yeah.
Let's roll a human next scene naked.
Oh God.
Okay.
Dear OLR, I have nothing intelligent to say.
Okay.
By email.
Okay.
But as a long time listener, I would like to wish you all a happy birthday and thank
you for your dedication.
Running for almost a decade is an incredible achievement.
Sometimes I wonder how much an effect your show has had on me as I've grown up considering
I've been listening since I was 14 or so.
It's been the positive, positive one though.
I'm glad you think so.
I wonder what your parents think, please continue to do your show until the universe collapses
in on itself or until at least the sun goes large enough to swallow the earth.
Elliot the Afro guy.
Oh God, I can't, I, I, there's been a few people, there was an iTunes review recently
that said, but by the way, we love five star reviews on iTunes and I gotta say one of the
most recent ones that's there is somebody that was literally saying, I grew up on your
show and like I, I really can't wrap my head around that comment.
Like I know it's a compliment and I'm very thankful about it, but I literally can't Rob
what you grew up on this show.
No think about it.
Okay.
When you first started, when we first went off back in 2000 to the Rocky horror convention,
you were what?
22.
Yeah.
I still don't think you sir have grown up on this show.
It's true.
I, I can, I can agree that from, for myself because honestly when you're in your twenties
you're still sort of in that teenage drama.
It's why I can't listen to the old episodes at OLR.
Like everybody always asks like, when are you going to post episode one?
It's not that I'm embarrassed of episode one.
I love episode one.
That's just not you anymore.
If I listen to it, I go that guy then I want to punch him in the face.
I know I feel the same way going back on my left journal.
I mean, you, you, you want clear cut evidence, how much I've grown you like,
Mr. young Republican.
Seriously.
It's just take, well, at least he's more of a young libertarian.
Okay.
I like my 2004 shit.
This guy had hair longer than mine.
I got lazy.
It actually looks good on you.
I'm due for another haircut anyway, but anyway, but I think, I think I can say safely that
in ever since all of this started, cause I can, I'll even go back to, to usl.
Cause that's, that's where I got my start was guessing on usl a whole bunch too.
Oh sure.
I mean, usl kind of, I w I will say for all the shit I've given Travis over the years
and all this, and he says, you know, sometimes I refuse to acknowledge the show, whatever,
which you know, isn't true.
I love or understation live, but let me say this about understation live is ceremoniously
passes the mic back over to me.
No, no, it honest.
It showed me that there is an audience.
There's an audience for tickling guys.
What the hell are you talking about?
You know, it definitely was the enabler because KCSC was one thing that was about trying to
get into these pictures from that, by the way, that's when I thought I would be a radio
DJ.
Like that would be my gig.
That was going to be my life was, you know, waking up with Rob on 97.7 this right here
is more reasons why you should listen from time to time because we even went so far back
as Travis found the video from when we were on the news, when we were interviewed by Christina
Warner because we were doing this, this thing that was so unique, that was never heard of
in Sacramento.
It was such a unique thing.
And now, you know, everybody in their dog has a podcast, but we were doing it way back
when.
You know what it makes me think of?
Oh, it's so much fun.
By the way, that was the greatest moment in nine years of orange on radio.
I will say it was that.
Oh, it's so much fun.
One of my favorite movies is a lot of our old school listeners know is pump up the volume
and it started it.
But in the movie, it started with one guy with his shortwave radio.
And at the end of the movie, everyone picked up a shortwave radio and wanted to get their
voice out there.
And that's kind of what I see things happening with the people who jumped onto podcasting
right away and how it grew from there is that people are really finding that there's people
who listen to what they have to say.
Still think we have a better audience than any kind of tickling guys ever could get.
I will also say this about conversation live.
The episode where we randomly called the bunny ranch and ended up talking to dude for like
Dennis was trying to get me to go there for free and was possibly easily one of the top,
maybe the top.
Oh, yeah.
Thing that has ever.
Oh, yeah.
On Internet radio for me.
You know, one of my favorites was on USO calling Disneyland when there were phones in the park.
And then the Disney, you know, we we've actually been trying that recently, but it's so hard
to find a live phone line in Disneyland anymore.
Yeah, it's all so all of them.
The only.
Don't forget when we called Iraq.
Yes.
Iraq.
We called a hotel in Iraq and we tried to book a hotel room for George Bush.
Yes, I remember Charles.
We're coming to get you.
That's terrible.
Totally funny.
All right.
Hey, whose birthday show is this?
Okay.
Last email.
All caps.
Bobby wishes all our happy birthday with a birthday taco.
Tacos.
All caps.
Bobby.
That's how you have to read.
He's not pregnant.
He just really likes tacos.
That's how you have to read.
All caps.
I'm going to save the Bobby comments for his show.
I always read Bobby's emails last.
He's got a six year anniversary and 300 episodes.
He's having a sex-a-versary.
Thank you, Bobby.
But now I think I'm all lowercase.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
Yarp.
Thank God.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Bobby was amongst all this talk of the bunny ranch.
All right.
Yes, unfortunately no bunny ranch came to transition into that, but we can talk a little
bit about Bungee.
Bungee's doing the kind of anniversary of Halo thing right now.
Or I guess anniversary of Bungee.
20 years of Bungee.
And with that, a guy by the name of Daniel Bleszek.
He's been working on an iPad port of Marathon.
And I guess basically now it's almost ready to go and it's pending Apple's approval right
now for the low low price of zero dollars.
And if that isn't enough, apparently they're also releasing the final game of the marathon
trilogy Infinity to the open source community.
So maybe that will also come to the iPad since it'll be open source and someone can port
it over.
Pretty awesome.
Alright, and then, um, let's see, yeah, that's it for now.
Alright, let's move on to a story about Silent Hill Downpour.
Well guess what Silent Hill Downpour, or as some are calling it Silent Hill Alan Wake,
Silent Hill Downpour will not have Pyramid Head.
Aww, you guys, you guys know Pyramid Head, you love it?
And it will not be good either.
Unfortunately some of the people that played it at E3, I'm not hearing a whole lot of it,
but it will have 100% more corn in it.
It will have guns and they're saying they're treating the gun like the gun in the road
by Cormac McCarthy.
There is a gun, but there are only three bullets.
So how will you use them?
Hmm.
Well, that was kind of always what Silent Hill was about.
It was never about confronting things head on, but about, you know, what do you run from
and what do you take on?
And I don't know if that's, that doesn't sound like a totally new concept to me, but whatever.
So yeah, so there won't be Pyramid Head, but there's supposedly will be some other scary
people.
Whoopee.
Alright.
Dark Sakura.
You have to make, you know, a nice wide path for Shermy so she can waddle on through.
Yeah.
Poor baby.
Okay.
Valve likes the Wii U. Confirmed, Valve likes Wii.
Gabe Newell said at New York's Games for Change Festival, that they like the Nintendo Wii
U and he's quoted as saying Wii U seems to be a lot more powerful than the previous generation.
It sort of fits better into the scalability in terms of graphics performance and CPU performance,
so I think it'll be a lot easier for us to fit into our scalability model.
We've always loved Nintendo.
So they're saying that they are still looking into different console counterparts, starting
with the 360 and recently moving to the PS3.
They're saying that the Wii U is going to be scalable.
Maybe in Portal 3, you can be GLaDOS with that whole little screen thing.
All you control is the camera angle in the little room.
Now you're the troll.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week.
It's the part of the show where we get Inkstein.
FU to the remnants of my sinus infection deciding to move into my lungs.
Evicted!
Um, FU to having a headache.
Um, FU to the fact that I see a lot of things at Pride festivals that make me not have a
lot of pride.
And I'm talking about just drunk bitches that just go to get drunk and take their top off.
Like it's just, I can't stand, it's like a frat party, some of that shit that I see going
on in the streets and it's just, it's just dumb.
I don't know.
It doesn't make me happy.
You want to show your pride protest something.
That's how it all started.
Uh, Jessica Harper, any FUs of the week you want to get out?
Um, FU to judgmental types.
And Drew Nami.
Uh, FU to completely sucking any sort of a sales job.
Lost my job.
Oh well.
And FU to scheduling conflicts and not being able to seem to be able to get money for all
these great games and other essential shit I need to get done.
At least a lot of them are going free to play.
That's the silver lining.
Ooh, yay.
Alright, uh, just a couple more news stories for you guys.
Loki, you got one more for us?
Yes.
Uh, you know, as if an ads on the Xbox Live Marketplace weren't annoying enough, they're
going to now support Kinect.
Awesome.
So you spend $150 for the Kinect camera and you get to do wonderful things with your ads,
including, um, getting them to retweet bullshit onto your Twitter account.
By the way, anybody that retweets bullshit from the Xbox Live Marketplace is going to
get unfollowed.
Thank you very much.
You can say, Xbox, tweet, to let people know that you love coke and not the good kind of
coke.
Or like, for example, you know, there may be a trailer for, you know, a movie or something,
you can go, Xbox, near, and it'll show you, you know, the nearest retailer for whatever
or, uh, you know, Xbox schedule for watching a TV show or some bullshit like that.
And it just sounds dumb.
Uh, one more story for you guys, and guys, this story made Jessica Harper cry.
It's making me sad.
And go figure, it's going to involve Billy Mitchell in a roundabout way, making Jessica
Harper cry.
And, of course, Billy Mitchell was in a movie called The King of Kong, A Fistful of Quarters.
All right, it doesn't have to do directly with Billy Mitchell, but the director of King
of Kong, A Fistful of Quarters, uh, who, which was, uh, what's his name?
Seth Gordon.
He was the director of this movie.
He's apparently making a reboot of the movie War Games.
Boo!
That's right, uh, the 1983 movie starring Matthew Broderick, uh, about hackers.
Oh, isn't this a timely story?
Global thermonuclear war.
Uh, there was even a ColecoVision game in 83.
Uh, apparently he wants to reboot the movie War Games.
Why does this piss you off, Jessica Harper, as if I need to ask?
Um, because I'm getting really freaking tired that nobody can come up with a unique idea
anymore.
So, hey, let's redo this.
Hey, let's redo that.
Hey, let's re- oh, wait, oh, Logan's Run.
Yeah, that's been in production for how long now?
Oh, yeah, let's, uh, redo Pretty in Pink and-
Or the trailer.
Why?
I saw a trailer the other day for Footloose.
Yeah.
And I was like, what?
Yeah, it-
Why?
Because I completely understand that, you know, I- I- I know that I'm probably towards
the end of the Gen X-er group, because, like, I think 77 was about the end.
But at the same time, I know we're all getting older.
I know that we're all in our late 30s and 40s, but please, please, we don't need to
relive the 80s so badly that we have to keep redoing all of these movies that were great
to begin with.
Stop it!
Stop it now!
Stop it now!
You know what?
For a while, if you look at it, though, they were copying a lot of Japanese movies, especially
in the horror genre.
And then they started rebooting the horror movies, and now they're rebooting, you know-
It's because everybody- it's like they don't have any unique ideas anymore.
It's too hard for them to come up with something that is different.
It's like if you want to get something good and different, you're just gonna have to go
to the indie market.
Speaking of revivals from the 80s that don't make sense, have you heard of the My Little
Bronies phenomenon?
Yes.
It's apparently- when I was young, My Little Ponies was for girls, and if you liked My
Little Ponies and you were a boy, you were an FAG, but apparently now-
It's acceptable.
It's acceptable, and it's like bros get together and drink beer and watch My Little Pony.
Two words, periphery demographic, for the same reason that guys would like Powerpuff
Girls.
And I'm just like-
It's been awesome, but I didn't buy into the whole brony crap.
Just like Poker Face.
You know what?
When you said that, I started thinking of those little homies figures that you get out
of the quarter machine mixed with a pony.
It's like, you remember Secret of the Magic Crystal with the pink anus and everything?
I have that game.
Imagine getting really high and or drunk and playing that game with your bros.
That's what the My Little Bronies phenomenon is all about.
I'm going to love and tolerate the fuck out of you.
Plus on top of it now, they've actually completely redone the My Little Pony phenomenon.
They've rebooted the entire thing.
It went away for a little while.
And Strawberry Shortcake.
But they came out with all new episodes of My Little Ponies as well.
Now it's supposed to be some really amazing, adults can enjoy it too.
If you're going to do that, bring back something like Animaniacs, please.
I know, right?
I bet y'all can't wait for the Smurfs movie that's coming out.
Further proves my point.
All I have to say, you touch Jem, I will fucking kill you.
Oh, it's coming.
I'm sure it's coming.
I'll kill him.
No, no.
Except for that guy who does jizz.
That's okay.
That shit's funny.
He already dealt with G.I.
Joe.
I'm sure He-Man's coming soon too.
You know what's actually kind of funny?
My wife is terribly excited about the reboot of The Bodyguard with Rihanna.
Because the first movie was so great.
She loves it.
It's a terrible movie.
But she loves the movie and she's going to love The Bodyguard because it's a terrible
movie.
Because Whitney Houston cannot act at all.
She is terrible.
Period.
All right, look.
I'm opening up the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Give us a call.
We're going to try and quickly get through calls tonight.
So don't be surprised if I'm rushing you along in your call tonight.
So I have your question ready.
Or comment.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The Skype line is open right now.
It's going to take about a minute for them to get the message.
I don't know if we have any last minute stories.
Rob, by the way, said this while we were in the car coming back from Disneyland.
The whole...
No, when Bobby was talking about...
Not Bobby.
It was...
Peter was talking about hanging out with us.
It was like listening to an episode of OLR.
Then he broke into the phone line spiel.
I was like, that's it.
Actually, you do say it exactly the same way every week.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Give us a call.
We'll talk.
No big coffee talk.
I'll give you a topic.
Barbara.
Mormon tabernacle choirs.
Neither Mormon nor tabernac...
Discuss.
Talk amongst yourselves.
Well...
I'm feeling verklempt.
No calls.
Let's...
It takes a minute.
We got like that minute buffer thing going on.
What's wrong with you people?
They haven't heard the number yet.
They don't think the Skypline...
And here I complain about our like five second buffer over on USL.
They think we're bitching about my little bronies or whatever is still going on.
So let's go to the Skypline and see who's there.
See, now their calls are coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
What up, guys?
It's Xenocore from the OKC.
How y'all doing?
What is up, Xenocore?
Yo, happy birthday, man.
Thank you.
Welcome to the high council.
You get to rule the village now with the rest of us.
Awesome.
Can't wait.
Unfortunately, I only have two cats to rule over.
I'm not sure...
I didn't get to the beginning of the show.
Did you guys give out the news about Star Wars already?
No, we didn't.
But now that you say it, I'm like, oh yeah, that was some pretty big news.
But Xenocore, since you brought it up, I'll let you share.
Well, they're turning it off.
Galaxies is going away.
Does this surprise you, though, with the new one coming out next year?
Not at all.
They're hurting is what they're doing.
It's like sometime after the game, the servers are going offline in December.
What you mean?
That new player experience didn't revolutionize the game?
Don't get me started, Rob.
My bad.
Don't mess with my...
Did you hear that tone suddenly shift?
Oh, no, you didn't.
It's not so much that, but that's going to extend this show about another hour and a
half if you get me on that.
He had such powers, because it's so easy to become a Jedi now.
But yeah, they're going to turn it off at the end of December, and they're just trying
to hurt all the players, so the Old Republic is all they're really trying to do.
What can other games learn from Star Wars Galaxies?
Don't redesign the entire system without telling your players at a time.
Pretty good idea.
Yeah, pretty good idea.
What do you most hope for when it comes out of the new Star Wars game?
I imagine you're going to play it.
If you were following the old one, you're probably going to try the new one, right?
Yeah, I'm reserving myself until I see it in action, though, because although technically
the old game did not have any levels, it was skill-based, you can never avoid grinding
in an MMO, because you have to spend time using your skills to get better.
So there's going to be a grind somewhere in there.
It's almost impossible not to.
All right.
Well, any other thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Nah, man, just keep up the good work, man.
All right.
It's a good staple for Sunday to talk people right into Betty by when they're done.
Well, we'll pour out a 40 for Star Wars this December.
Oh, and one short thing for the whole Bronies thing.
That all got started on 4chan, and the series' head is a lurker on 4chan.
They actually added a character that's now canonized in My Little Pony.
What?
Derpy Hooves.
There was an editing mistake in the first episode to where one of the ponies was drawn
cross-eyed, and so 4chan ran off with it and named her Derpy Hooves.
I have to look this up.
It's already on Know Your Meme.
There's a reference for it already.
Oh, oh, this just in?
Yes, I've received a news bulletin.
And Rocky Boom covered it as well.
I'm throwing out my fucking television when I get home.
Yes, that news just in.
Yeah, and there it is.
And on top of that, they wrote up 4chan came up with a backstory that she's a mail carrier.
And since the series creator is a lurker on 4chan, she decided to incorporate it.
So later on, she included this scene to where she messes up and drops some stuff on one
of the main characters' heads, and they do a cut up in the air where all the Pegasus
horses are looking at.
And you see Derpy Hooves dropping something on top of the other characters.
Xenocore?
Xenocore?
You know way too much about this.
I found a picture.
And it's on three news shows already.
Are you now or have you ever been a brony?
I found a picture of Derpy Hooves and put it on in the chat.
Oh, hooray.
All right, Xenocore, I'm just fucking with you.
Have a good one.
Thanks for the call.
Y'all have a good show.
Later.
I am saving this.
How do I feel about 4chan controlling what's on my television?
I feel a little violated, actually.
I love the name, though.
Derp.
Derp derp.
877 Game O-L-R. A username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Give us a call.
We'll talk.
Oh, do we have last minute stories, Loki?
Oh, he's shaking his head.
Nope.
Not even trying.
I don't care tonight.
There's no way anyone can follow up Derpy Hooves.
They'll try.
So what do you hope happens in the next nine years of OrangeLoungeRadio, DarkSakura?
We start getting paid.
Good luck with that one.
That would be nice.
Remember when we were gonna, uh, remember when people were saying we should be on G4
TV?
Hey, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's the one and only DJ Ron Maness from Anime GM Session.
How are you guys doing tonight?
I am fantastic.
I'm super.
Thanks for asking.
How are you?
I am good, and Rob, happy birthday, you fabulous, awesome guy, you.
Thank you very much, nice man.
Fabulous!
Fabulous!
What is up?
What's on your mind?
Before I get into that, I just wanted to say tonight's show is just pretty damn awesome.
Well, thank you.
Because no one's been drinking yet, and it's just been just awesome.
No one's been drinking yet.
We're high on life.
Oh, really?
I'm too old to drink now.
My bladder can't handle it.
Bullshit.
Y'all are probably high on pixie sticks or something.
God, here comes Dan, all right?
Ah, shit.
So what's on your mind tonight, Rama?
What are you doing?
I have in front of me a bottle of Captain Morgan and a double shot.
A toast to OrangeLoungeRadio, its hosts, the fanbase, and a nine-year anniversary.
Here's to you, here's to me, the best of friends we'll ever be.
If we should ever happen to disagree, well, fuck you, and here's to me.
Amen, brother!
Well, I'm gonna feel that in the morning.
I'll drink to that, bub.
Mm-hmm.
Awesome.
So.
Yes.
Anything else you want to share with us tonight after that lovely toast?
Maybe.
What?
If we should announce it live on air.
Okay, I'm a little afraid.
What are we gonna announce live on air?
Something that we discussed on Twitter Friday night.
What's that, Rama?
Our little engagement.
That's right.
Since gay marriage passed in New York, which of course is a wonderful thing, you know,
it's great, you know, hooray for equality.
How are you and Rama getting married?
Yeah, the first thing I did, I went to Twitter and I said, where's my marriage proposal,
Rama?
I knew it!
Well, Rama, I'm not saying yes till I get a ring on it.
It's, well, you'll get the ring faster than Salacious Pop will pop it on there, I guess.
I don't know.
No, I mean, Salacious Pop knows that he's the one for me, but you know, now and then,
I like a little dark chocolate.
Well, you know what they say, once you go black, you don't go black.
You missed Dan in the other room, going, oh my god!
Dan mad bro?
You mad bro?
Alright, well, Rama, until our honeymoon, I gotta say goodnight for now.
That's quite alright, man.
Just so you know, my girlfriend doesn't mind, because she plays on both sides.
I know, it's hot.
Alright.
Hell yeah!
Later.
Later.
Later.
Later.
Alright.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Give us a call, we'll talk.
Are you sure?
Maybe I'll get more marriage proposals tonight, who knows, we'll see what'll happen.
Now you need, you know, SSJ100Matt to call you, you know, another, there you go, another
New York.
I know what you're looking at me for, Rob, swear to god.
Salacious Pop's in chat, and he's just commented on the situation.
He said the following, someone's about to wake up in the Hudson River, to be honest.
I'm not sure if that was for me or Rama, I guess we'll find out.
Bones006 says once you go bulk, you will never go back.
Nice typo there.
Alright.
We've got time for one or two more calls.
Rama said to Salacious Pop, oh baby heart.
Oh.
Snap snap, there's a call coming.
Snap snap.
Snap snap.
Rama Renaissance Radio, who's this?
Um, Nathan Legend.
What is up?
Well, I wanted to talk about Smurfs and 3D.
First question in response, how high are you?
La la la la la la.
Alright, let's talk about this all at once, the Smurfs and 3D, all at once.
Okay, so I think this is going to be the best movie of 2000 plus.
How high do you have to be to think that?
No, no, let's hear the man out.
Every gamer gets a voice.
Except you.
Okay, so first of all, I use Smurfs in my daily language.
So in order to complete my vocabulary, I say Smurf, I say, um, what Smurf is it?
Like what time is it?
So you know, I believe this movie will help us.
You know what, you're getting Sonic Screwdriver.
How does this game rate on a scale of one to five Smurfs?
Exterminate!
Is this game like a jokey Smurf or is it like Smurfette?
Is this game a jokey Smurf or is it the one game in the village everybody else is going
to bang?
Smurfette.
Now Smurfette's got younger competition, remember?
I just want to say jokey Smurf, for legal reasons.
So you really think that the Smurfs is going to be the greatest cultural phenomenon of
our time.
They're going to refer to this generation as the Smurf generation.
Yes, it's going to change the economy and everything.
Until the advent of derpy Smurf.
We'll have to pay him Smurf Berries.
And it's all because Obama's president, according to the BBC, apparently.
Yes, we can't come up with Smurfs, yes we can.
Yes we can, Smurfs, 2012.
Papa Smurf for president.
You can be a little old.
And that means not from America.
I'm from America, USA, USA.
Now, you know, the sad thing is I probably would vote for Papa Smurf before you catch
me voting for Michelle Bachman, but I'm not going to get political on this program.
All right.
Anyhow.
Congratulations.
All right.
Thank you so much.
And keep up the good Smurf.
I have a response to that whole thing.
You know what?
One thing I will never regret about nine years of Orange Lounge Radio is phone calls like
that.
Things that just make you say, what the fuck, guys?
You know what?
Hey, the only downfall is that we don't have our Swede around.
Because he had a call from the Swede.
Is he not here tonight?
I don't know that he's here.
Oh, bummer.
And he already told us he's not going to be in attendance at the 10th.
Why?
Because he has some festival he has to be at.
I'm like, Dernit.
Festival?
We have to have a Swedish call.
Well, then fine.
I'm going to have to call.
I'll run outside.
I'll say, hey, be right back, guys.
I got to use the bathroom.
I got to take a big dump.
And then I'll go outside and I'll call my cell phone.
Which is funny because the bathroom's like across the hall from the studio.
Oh, this is the Swedish chef.
Herbie derbie derbie der.
And I'll just be the Swedish chef calling in.
And it'll be incredibly racist.
We could call the IKEA customer service line.
Rob.
I'll just play ABBA.
Let's just settle on Mr. Bucket for president.
Do not bring that to the show.
Mr. Bucket.
God, that thing is so funny.
Did you watch the Angry Video Game Nerd when they were being haunted by Mr. Bucket?
Do I want to know?
No.
I love the Angry Video Game Nerd.
This was great.
All right.
Let's go to one more call here.
Let's see what happens.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
That's Legend of Zaku.
What is up, Zaku?
Nothing much.
Just getting ready for tomorrow for work.
And just congratulating you on like what, nine years now that you've been on the air?
Yeah.
It's been about nine.
So Zaku, you've been here for almost nine of those years.
You've been here for quite a bit of it.
I know that much.
Yeah.
I think I was here for seven of those.
What do you think?
There's an important question asked on Twitter a while ago.
What is the most impactful thing that's happened in nine years of, what is the most impactful
thing that's happened in nine years of Orange, not just Orange Lounge Radio, but in nine
years of video gaming?
Oh, wow.
Damn.
That's a, well, I guess I could give you the benefit of both.
Like for Orange Lounge Radio, you breaking away from Live 365, changing up the format.
It's kind of like graduating.
You start off with Imani, but now you're just encompassing video games in general.
Yeah.
We're out of pull-ups now.
Right.
Exactly.
I'm a big kid now.
Wow.
Video gaming.
Oh, wow.
Just the fact that, you know, we've evolved from just from playing with controllers and,
and you know, and through traditional channels like, you know, through the arcades, but just
evolving to like not needing the controller at all.
Meaning you're the controller, you know, you being the controller essentially with the
Wii.
Well, I know the Wii is kind of like you do need the controller, but you're using, you're
using your extremities to actually, you know, to register input.
I got one extremity I still can't use to play a game.
Oh, I'm sure there's ways, sir.
I am sure of it.
You're just not thinking at all.
First thing I'm doing when I get my copy of Child of Eden is I'm going to try playing
with my dong.
In nine years I've, in nine years I've seen basically, you know, Microsoft take like that
little platform that could and just go far with, I have to admit, they didn't, they did
10 times as better as the Atari Jaguar.
Just be thankful listening audience that they don't have a cam right now.
Sorry, I was doing my Child of Eden with my dong while you were talking, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I mean, that's-
Isn't that illegal in some states?
Probably.
So Rob, that won't work because you don't have a glove at the end to make it look like
a hand because it still thinks it's a penis.
Oh shit.
All right.
But yeah, it's like that, that whole evolution, like gaming, it's like, it's, it's going beyond
what I, what I grew up with before then was just like, you know, going to a friend's place
to play like Genesis and Super Nintendo games or the PlayStation, but it's like something
that you could sit down, you could go online through Xbox or PS3 and just like, you know,
get yelled at by, by 10 year old kids.
You know, we've come a long way from the old school Atari 2600 controller, which if you
think about it now was kind of phallic.
I mean, yeah, it's, it's very archaic.
It's like so primitive that it was just like, it was just a four way stick and a button.
That's all it was.
I'm saying a giant phallus basically.
All the way down to like at least eight or, you know, at least eight to 10 actual controls
on it, on a controller.
And with the fact that you could actually like use your, use your body to, you know,
to control things.
I mean, the next step will probably be PS9 when they, when they insert, when they actually
feed all that data into your, straight and straight into your head.
It's the holodeck.
I'm saying every generation of gaming is one step closer to the holodeck.
Yeah, we're close.
What we need is a VR headset, and we need headsets in which I can basically play back
memories and other stuff, or just have that pipes, you know, directly into my brain.
And that's it.
I just literally sit there, close my eyes and that, and I've basically become, you know,
that deeper into the game.
You are the machine and then you're a Borg.
I think you got Rob excited about pipes and deeper.
I'm still thinking about my dong.
Anyhow, all right, Zach, we've got to let you go to get some more calls, but take care
buddy.
All right.
Have a good one.
Bye.
1-877-GAMO-L-R-U-C-N-A-M-S-S-K-I-F-O-R-I-S-H-O-N-I-T-O.
I guess we can do one more call.
Sweet.
I guess we could do one more call, whoever might call us on our nine year anniversary
show.
See what happens.
Um, yeah, we're running a little long tonight, but whatever it's a birthday show.
We can do that.
Why are you complaining about something running a little long?
I-D-K. Are you still reading about that derpy horse?
I was trying, cause he said it had been, it was like a fan character that was, my intention
on bringing up the My Little Brony thing was not to get you all addicted.
That's actually not what I meant.
Those are not, those are not baked goods.
I am just reading the My Little Brony Friendship is Magic Wiki.
Hey we have an Orange Launch Radio Wiki, did you know that?
It's been updated.
And if we can get a wiki, they can get it.
I look at it weekly.
Do you?
Yes, when I have to pick the classic game.
Let's go to another call, maybe this will be the last one.
Why am I giving out the number again, if this is the last call?
Jessica Harper has summoned the Swede, and just like that a wild Swede approaches.
Quick, throw a pester ball.
Queen, Queen, feel the beat.
Oh well, what the hell.
He started saying, no, but he started saying, no, it's like, yeah, Swedish music festivals
are like, Efex Twin is fucking playing in Arvika!
The fuck did he just say?
Efex Twin, Richard D.J. is playing in Arvika, and I'm gonna see it.
Oh, the Swedish Music Festival is the same weekend as the 10th anniversary of OLR.
That's the whole thing.
Yeah, fuck me, in other words.
If we can't get the Swede on USL for our anniversary, then of course I'm gonna have to subject you
to the Swede on your anniversary, so thank you very much, Akki Ripper.
You heard it here first, 10th anniversary from the Swedish Music Festival.
Here's the thing, if the Swede can't make it to 10 years of USL, then 20 years of USL
will be in Sweden.
Oh, okay, yeah.
There we go.
There you go.
So we'll be the ones up at five something in the morning, because we have to maintain
the time zone.
No, it will actually be in Sweden so that Travis can start off the show by saying, Sweden,
I am inside you.
And that excites the owls far too much, obviously.
To question from our chat room, Tiger Claw wants to know, is the Swedish Music Festival
a rave?
No, it's not, but it's like Arvika Festival is kinda in a way, yes.
Let me ask you this, how many people will you make out with at the festival?
If I know myself, none.
Then it's not a rave.
Well, the unfunny part is that, well, I'm like one of those, I don't know, because here's
the unfunny part is that the thing is that I haven't went to a so-called classical Swedish
Music Festival in like six or five years.
So I don't know, I might be out of touch of sorts.
See I think I can get closer and that's the only reason I stick with Pot-a-Pot-a-Paradise,
drop E and hump the coin return.
Okay, well, I have, but no, I'm way uncertain as far as I'm going to make out with anyone.
And plus, by the way, but bonus point if I can find any CPI.
Okay, Ripper, I'm going to let you have the last say here tonight on the Skype line and
I want to know the question I've asked a few other callers that we got through Twitter.
What's been the most impactful thing in the past nine years in gaming?
Do you think that's, uh, I, I have no, I, the only thing that I can take up top of my
head is like the Wii controller.
What the hell?
No, no, I, I'm sorry.
I apologize to the rest of the listeners at this point, but Travis and I have to know.
Have you shoved a Wii controller up your butt today?
No, I have not, unfortunately.
I have shoved other things up my butts as well.
Thank you, sir.
And he doesn't disappoint.
And we'll end on that note.
Thank you, Aki Ripper.
Have fun at the Swedish Music Festival.
Later, I can think no of no better way to cap off nine years of orange launch radio
than that.
Now we have 30 minutes to get to Pinkberry.
So bye everybody.
I haven't shoved a Wii controller up my ass today, but I shoved something else up my ass.
La la la la la la la la.
Hey, Mr. DJ.
Rob just turned red.
You're welcome.
You're so very, very welcome.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts as if I need to ask tonight.
Uh, Loki, thank you for being here, as you always are.
No problem.
And let's make it to year 10.
What's your final thought tonight?
My final thought tonight is Earth Defense Wars, Earth Insect Armageddon next week.
I cannot wait to play it.
Screw everything else.
I don't give a crap about your fucking Black Eyed Peas experience.
It's all about blowing up insects, large insects.
Let me go to the guests tonight and get their final thoughts as well.
Drew Nami, first off, our ever present intern.
Good luck with everything going on in your personal life.
I know you got a lot of change coming on the horizon, but we appreciate you stopping by
to tip your hat at our little program, our dog and pony show.
I'll be back.
Uh, all right.
Uh, your final thoughts tonight?
Wii controller, what the hell?
Jessica Harper, I don't know what to say to you right now.
I think I'm going to thank you for being here tonight.
I might take that back tomorrow once the ratings come in for the show.
In all seriousness, best of luck on your audition, knock them dead.
And let's karaoke sometime.
That would be fun.
Yeah, totally.
Do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
I'm just going to do my final thought as a nice big butt plug.
And please guys, go ahead and go to understationlive.org and download some podcasts.
Check us out.
If you like us, we're on Saturdays for two hours, 8 PM Pacific, 11 on the East coast.
And they let Aki Ripper go for like 20 minutes sometimes.
So Travis has the common decency to hang up on people too.
All right.
And let's see, I'll let, I'll let dark soccer go last.
So I'll give my final thought.
My final thought is, um, thank you everybody.
That's my final thought.
Thank you.
Dark soccer.
Your final thought.
I live in a giant bucket.
My spoon is too big.
From all of us here at orange launch radio.
Thank you for putting up with us for the past nine years.
We do it for you.
I'm not sure why you keep letting us do it to you, but thank you for being willing.
If you've enjoyed the show, tell a friend about the show and maybe we'll see you next
week.
If we don't get canceled.
Have a good night.
Everybody orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show.
Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time, the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
