Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Flash Flash Revolution has a new challenger. Its name is Dance Dance Revolution V. At least a demo of it with 15 songs for now.
This is one of two music specific headlines I wanted to choose from. Stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight. Episode number 820 for this May 17th of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts joining you from the studio where over the last 18 or so years, we've gathered over the last 18 or so years to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Of course, with the way things are in the world today, we are practicing social distancing. Therefore, my co-hosts are joining me on Skype. So say hello of course to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi Loki, how are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Alright, hanging in there throughout all this?
Yeah, doing my best.
Yeah, did you take the kids anywhere exciting? A park or I guess there's just not a lot to, I'm like, what are you going to say? I took them to a trampoline park? I don't know. I'm just hoping there's some exciting story.
No, they're over at their grandparents house right now.
Oh, that's good. That's good. Quality, quality, quality time and all that is good. So, alright.
Yeah.
I also want to welcome back to the show this week. Say hello, everybody. Give a warm welcome to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, welcome back.
Thank you.
We missed you.
Happy to be back. What did you throw?
Hot pot of coffee. No, I'm just kidding. So I told the listeners what was going on. I don't know if there's anything you want to say about it, but obviously the floor is yours if you wanted to say anything or say nothing at all. I can go to the next topic.
Well, I, I felt it would be good just to give some background and bear it a little bit, you know, because it's been, I haven't really been too super up and up on the whole scenario because my dad is in Alabama and I'm not here in California.
So I will, I'll go a little bit into not too much detail, but enough detail. How's that sound?
Sure, whatever you're comfortable with.
Well, um, about, had it been right before I got my current jobs maybe five or six years ago, my dad had a stroke in his 50s.
He had done a lot of drugs, it was the 70s and he likes drugs capital D drugs to quote, Dennis Leary. I'm sorry, Dr. Dennis Leary.
And so, as it stands, you know, lots of hard living can catch up to you chain smoking.
I mean my dad cheated death, a lot when he was a teenager and early adult I mean he crashed his motorcycle so many times, I'm sure he's hit his head more than a few times.
So, he had a stroke.
He nearly died. My, my youngest sister gave the resuscitation order for him, and he was never the same after that.
He was paralyzed on one side, he was doing better for a while and then he just, because he, some of his brain function had been decreased because of the stroke and a consequent, you know, you know you have another, you can have another stroke after you've had the stroke
so, so he wasn't getting, he had clogged arteries his heart was a mess. I mean, my dad was, I don't know he was being held together with duct tape and chicken wire, as we like to say back in the south.
Like some computers I've used. So, like the OLR studio computer Yes. Yeah, no that one's shiny and new. I'm proud of that little.
Well, remember there's two, there's there's the new one that powers the video and the old one still powers me and my stories so yes.
Yeah, oh girl we need to get you upgraded. It's the most well and it's all I mean folks have been kind enough to send upgrades but it's the most Voltron PC you'll ever see in your life of old shit and new shit, like duct tape together.
Anyway, I'm sorry, I don't mean to do right now. I'm sorry, you've now inspired me to, to write like a fan story of like duct tape Gundam. So, filing that away.
Done.
All right, so anyway.
So my dad.
He and I never did see eye to eye he was you know, Southern pretty, you know, to him it was normal for everybody else who has a conscience, it's racist, homophobic, you name it and by the way, hype mayhem vehicle Voltron is my favorite don't listen to.
So, and necessary 100 miles says the show PC is now called duct tape Gundam, I approve.
Yeah, I second motion passes. Anyway, back to topic.
The way that you know things when is it my dad eventually is his attitude got worse and worse he was moved from, you know, one place to the other, he had to have a total hip replacement last year, and then you know my granny died, five years ago.
She got well not five years ago, gosh, three and a half years ago because she died right after grandmama did you remember I was a mess up for that, I remember this all happening because obviously this show has been around and you know, again, I want to remind
people, it is a video game podcast but because you know the family that we've built up here on Sunday nights.
You know, we've all gone through a lot of deep stuff in our lives so sometimes this podcast is a way to kind of share that with you which is what Jamie's doing now, but I, I remember because of this show, when all that was happening because it was, I feel like you
had you had to deal with a lot like back to back to back relatively. Oh yeah, I was in some hardcore therapy after that.
And just for anyone who's wondering I have an appointment with my shrink scheduled for next week. Thank you.
Anyway, um, but you know after granny died.
Dad got significantly worse and my sister Shelley was taking care of dad's needs and in mobile.
And she was having to drive in from Foley which was, you know, like an hour or so drive into mobile to take care of dad but she did it every day and she's a high school teacher.
So kudos to my sister Shelley you are amazing and I know she's not listening because she doesn't do video games.
But as things go.
The show that I was last on being the week before last.
I'm sure as people notice during the show I vanished. I was like, I all because I got a call from my sister, saying that dad was in the hospital with respiratory issues.
And of course the first thing that everyone thinks is the code. Does he have the, you know, the ronas.
And so she couldn't even go in to see him after he was in the hospital, and dad had a very strict DNR do not resuscitate order, so that he couldn't be intubated they there was going to be no ventilation form or anything if he was going to die he was going
to die.
And as it turned out, he didn't have coded and one of the nurses, very graciously pulled some strings to get him in a private room, so that we so that my sister could have an hour visit with them, they basically she got two visits, one with him for an hour
visit and then the other one when it was about time, and my mother went with her mom my dad had been divorced for, you know, since I was nine months old.
So, yeah, divorced for a very long time, but, you know, my dad, I'd say that losing mom was dad's biggest regret and mom knew it and you know she and my daddy were best friends until they got married.
So anyway.
It turned out to be a bowel blockage and and kidney failure, and he did the surgery they didn't think he was going to live through it and my sister made the decision.
After consulting me she didn't just say oh nope, bye.
She and I decided that we were just gonna take daddy off of the, the heart medication that he was on the blood pressure medicine to keep his blood pressure up.
And so they expected him to die on Monday.
And then when Shelly went in my mom went in I videoed with my dad, and he woke up off of the morphine that they had him on long enough to try to open his eyes and wave at me.
And something was something very similar happened with my mom, for what it's worth. Yeah, yeah, it was very significant. And then, but him being the stubborn jerk that he was.
I can say this because he's my dad, and he was a stubborn jerk.
Hold on.
He did not die that morning, as he was expected to.
And he did not die the next day, as he was expected to.
He held on. And so my sister went in one more time with my mom and and dad, he didn't wake up for any of that he was already on his way down.
They weren't making fun of his feet to try to get them to wake up because dad was sensitive about his feet and sent me the worst picture of his tone I was like I don't need to see that.
But anyway, I digress because I'm now just remembering everything that went down with it. But anyway,
I said to Shelly, you know, hey, call me whatever time it is and keep in mind, I was in training now for my, my position at work for the rotation that I'm doing that you know could be a pretty big promotion for me so I was already nervous.
Yeah, she was already had a lot on her plate and getting still recovering from the pneumonia that I had. So I get a call around two in the morning for me for central time where dad was, and he, he died.
So, I was, I think I'm pretty grateful that I was so exhausted because I was still on my sleeping pills at the time.
And I passed right back out so I think that sleep was a good buffer for me.
But then I had to, you know, go to work, I could have taken my, my bereavement time, then, but I'd worked so hard for that and I could just think that my dad would be like, nah, nah, nah.
And the funny thing too is that when I got my senior position at my previous position that I was in Rob, not saying where I work.
That was when granny died and I didn't get to take any bereavement for that.
And you know, like I can't get a promotion because then family will die.
But with the, with the state of the world being what it is, you know, you can't eat, you really go back to Alabama, either to, you know, see people and, and, you know, have that grieving together so.
And while I could technically fly.
Mobile County has the highest infection rate in, in Alabama. And I think it's exceeded, like, one of the Mississippi counties, although Mississippi is pretty terrible, because you know the state motto of Alabama is right.
We ain't Mississippi.
Okay.
So at any rate, um, yeah I, and on top of that I'm still on like that level one to two quarantine where I'm not exactly safe to go out because they don't know if I had COVID-19.
And if I did, I could be susceptible to reinfection or carrier. And if I think it would be worse if your body was still recovering from another thing and then you get COVID it would be, that would be a very bad thing.
You know how sick I was with that pneumonia I was, I mean, well I'm sure all of our listeners remember me like, I've got to go.
But at any rate, um, yeah I wouldn't be safe to fly because if I haven't had it then I'm, I'm in susceptible list because I recently had pneumonia.
And now I have asthma that I haven't had you since I lost all that weight so go fig. But yeah, so we're going to do something later on, I mean, you know how I feel about everything.
History has taught us there's going to be a second worst wave. But I'm going to leave that where it is. I'm probably sure I'm not going to go be able to get out to Alabama to have any kind of memorial until next year.
And I'm pretty sure that I am not going to DerpyCon if they have it this year. I'm not doing any traveling. I'm gonna, I'm gonna stay put.
You gotta take care of you. Nobody's gonna fault you for that.
Oh yeah and Shelley and I talked about it and she's like, you know, I'm not really, I think ready to do anything to she's still teaching school through all of this, and my youngest sister is a hot mess.
We won't talk about her, not as bad as my brother who is unrelated to her. My brothers are not related to my sisters. So, let me, let me ask you about this, because this is something we were kind of having a text message exchange about and you know
bringing this story I mean obviously this this OLR and everybody here that listens week after week, whether it's live or whether it's on the podcast feed you know we're a family and so we're here for you if you need, especially when you've been robbed
of getting to do some other type of memorial because of this whole situation like you know, ain't nobody gonna fault you for venting, but, yeah, you and I had an interesting text message exchange, where you've kind of talked a little bit about
the grieving process and how your love of Animal Crossing, which is no secret around here, has helped you through that. Can you, can you elaborate on that a little bit like what we were talking about.
Absolutely, absolutely because I knew, I knew we were going to get there. So, this actually goes back a little bit before dad went into hospital is, I've been playing Animal Crossing the whole time I had pneumonia like religiously like I'm talking nine hours
I'm talking nine hours of play a day. And my, my really good friend who is in chat and I she's, she's been a little public about it I'm going to go to into detail but hi Gwen finara and chat.
I, well I made a little cemetery in my in my town. I put one, because the Zen stone honestly I like it better the, you know, it's a Japanese gravestone. And I put one up for for grandma and granny.
I put one up for Dan's mom who, you know, I said she she died at the beginning of the year so I'm sure you can already think about how things have been. And I put one up for Gwen's mom, because I have fond memories of her mother, and I loved her to bits
and she was really kind to us when we had to evacuate during a hurricane when we were all in college Gwen was my college roommate. And so I wanted to do something for her mom, because I know that the anniversary was coming up.
And then, when, when dad died, I was just like, I didn't even think about it, I took one of those, I went and got the mats for a gravestone.
And, yeah, she said she built a huge garden for her mother.
But I, I had a stone set up for daddy, I put, I put a black lily in front of it and I was like, that dad wouldn't have liked black lily so I've got incense in front of all of my, my stones I'm actually kind of using instance a little bit as, as my
as my in game yard site candle, although I think I'm gonna put.
I've been putting a candle out by by that grave I set for my dad.
Every Friday for for Shabbat, as my, my art site candle I mean, there's been one Friday.
But, but I put one out when he died, and I have, but it's, it's still the fact I'm sorry I don't mean to catch up but it's still the fact that Animal Crossing is like that, like that you, you go through the motion in a game is just it's it's fascinating
and you're definitely not alone like I assure you girl you are not alone because we have our chat room over it of course, and I got to plug this some point twitch.tv slash vog network voice gigs network, where we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific
nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black will show and you guys chat along. And we've got a lot of, you know, obviously support in there for you.
Our dear Marissa, my therapist knows all about Animal Crossing.
Probably not just from you on Bobby black will says, Animal Crossing is great for a lot of this stuff pod culture saying Animal Crossing has been great for my depression.
I've got something related to their interest next to the stones in the Memorial Garden I set up and I was going to tell you, I, I set something up for my mom in my town.
And you know that was she passed in 2017 so this is a while gone.
Yeah, I've been struggling in Animal Crossing in the creativity department like I go to some people's towns like dang I mean like your town.
Everything is laid out you got your town square it's it's beautiful you got all these things, my town I'm kind of like, I'm just adding. I'm, I'm taking the the painting that was already given to me and just adding my own little flourishes.
I'm taking the village layout and just, oh, I want to do this here. Oh, it is here. And one place I did, I, it, the spark hit me when I saw that Nook shopping had the Mother's Day mug available for time.
I was like, I have to do something with that. And so I did and I set up behind my house. There's a little stone wall and there's a little I have the Zen stone because I don't have the other one but I kind of like the Zen stone at this point, and I have
When I get a DIY I'll save it for you. I have the little mug right next to it and then I have pink and black roses, and the black roses are kind of for me, the pink roses are kind of for my mom because I, we had rose bushes when I was younger so I always remember
attending the roses anyway, not to make it about me but just to kind of share with you like, me too.
We're all doing it. We're all doing it.
And I linked, actually I was talking to one of my newer friends, Annie who is one of the amazing co hosts of Stuff Mom Never Told You and Saver.
You know, and I've mentioned this podcast plenty of times on the show.
But, you know, just talking about a little bit and there's an article that's from the order of good death.com called exploring grief and Animal Crossing, it's really a good read I'm going to link it.
But you know, I think that because we are all distance like this and we can't be with our families, and we can't, I mean there's people that did die of COVID.
They're not, they're not allowed to have any family around them they can't see the body.
You know, and if they're having very small surfaces. And so, this is the way that you can do something quote tangible, right, something that you can look at and interact with in some way or another.
And, you know, I'll put it this way I do have my art site candle in real life for my dad, you know, and for those who don't know, you know, got a few a little bit of my Jew crew here in a chat, but the yard site candle is a candle that burns for 26 hours,
and you light it on the anniversary of someone's death their yard site.
But I've been lighting one, I've lit one quite a bit often for just to remember the victims of COVID-19 and our governmental stupidity.
And now I've got got them for my dad.
And, you know, I'll, you know, have a little swig of the manage habits and and say, say, cottage for my dad even though my dad would probably, I don't know I never told him that I converted to Judy.
So, he probably would be, I wouldn't say, you know, spending in his grave, he'd be breakdancing in his grave. Again, hashtag relatable because my mom was very adamant, I don't want a funeral, I don't want a headstone I don't want a memorial.
I want, you know, she she wants her ashes scattered in a very particular place. And it was cremated. Yeah. And so, so it's kind of one of those Oh my going against my mom's wishes but I'm like, my mom hated video games and she's not going to find out about this, and this is
sometimes you do something. This is more for me. And I think she'd understand that.
I think she would but yeah, but you but you would hear that Rob you're playing that game.
Absolutely hope I did your mom justice with that.
Let me, let me read some other hashtag relatable comments.
I got my therapist playing Animal Crossing.
Crystal skies and chat says my therapist also knows all about Animal Crossing.
My office has been coming together and Animal Crossing as well. Marissa says my therapist is going to get an Animal Crossing and a switch for kids now so they can socialize.
Well you know we've already talked on previous episodes about just what a huge like you know cultural milestone this game has been, and certainly not for the reasons that it wanted to be.
You know, it's just the right game that released at the right time, you know, and yeah, it's weird.
It's weird to think, would it be like this, if it had released in a normal world I don't know it's it's, we don't know we'll never know, still pretty sure Animal Crossing would have been big, but it was.
It was timely, not not on purpose I mean people like Oh conspiracy theory blah blah blah tinfoil hat would have.
But I think that interest that it was the therapy we needed when it came out. Oh, for sure.
A very interesting observation by Bobby Blackwolf and chat that's worth calling out here. Nintendo keeps putting out these cultural milestones. Remember everyone going out and being together for Pokemon Go.
If you want to get technical I mean Pokemon Go is a Niantic game that they just kind of lifted Nintendo's IP for but, but technically Game Freak right.
You're right you're right the Pokemon Company which is, you know, but anyway, but, and I'm going to give you this. It's because it was Pokemon that that game was so popular so yes I mean if it hadn't been Nintendo slash Game Freak Pokemon
Companies. If it hadn't been those particular characters I don't think it would have caught on the fire that it did, even though technically it's Niantic game so sure, we'll still give Nintendo credit for that, because you know that observation yeah
Nintendo, Nintendo really does seem to hit a lot of these cultural milestones of sorts, you know, and with Animal Crossing and how we all dealt with it during coven we're gonna remember that for a long time.
Well, and to add in other things with that too. When Pokemon Go came out, it actually has helped several friends of mine with social anxiety and full blown agoraphobia.
You know, because it was kind of like you had your centered little bubble but you were still out, and it got people out and involved and, and, and that.
And another thing too, as I was talking, actually looking through some information for reference, you know, we have a good number of other online games that are really playing into the social distancing.
People in, you know, because people still play Sims 4 in Animal Crossing and even like Second Life are using those games to celebrate Ramadan, which, for, for those who observe Ramadan with Iraq, I hope I said that right.
And I was gonna say Jack, Jack box is the huge one too.
Yeah, even though that's not like a simulation game like the everything goes to name like certainly jackbox in the Oh, here's the thing we can play online virtually and it's like when it's, it's very easy for everybody to like not everybody has to have a PlayStation
not everybody has to have a copy of the game because it's very easily streamable, and this whole Oh you just play through your mobile phone over the internet makes it like super easy like I would imagine.
Like I'm not I'm not going to pry into jackbox financials and again, I don't think any of these companies, you can talk about evil corporate greed all you want.
I don't think Nintendo or jackbox games ever wanted to be in this position. But, but they are. And so I bet jackbox is making noodles noodles off of this situation.
Nintendo to be rather an ethical company because I mean think about what I think it was you want to who did it that he took a pay cut when Nintendo was suffering so that his employees could be paid fairly.
I remember that during the Wii U, I remember that during the Wii U era Yeah, exactly. So, but you know, there's also, I think, and I'm really hoping that this isn't you know just becoming a breeding pit for the worst of.
I'm just going to throw it out there, toxic masculinity, that we've got more online matches in multiplayer games.
You know, I'm hoping that the more.
I'll say non cisgender men are able to go in and play their favorite online games and those environments as well without having to suffer. You know, the EP for lack of a better description, you know, and you know what I'm talking about it's it's not a good place for women.
It's interesting because I think since Nintendo often gets written off by the masses as the kitty product, the little kid product that toxic audience tends to stray from and again I fully recognize I am painting broad strokes here okay and nothing is easily sort of won't call me or call me, but that audience tends to stay out of the Nintendo games because it gets written off as a kitty product.
And so, in some ways I think that kind of helps lend it to why it is part of all these cultural phenomenons because it feels a little safer because that toxicness has these other has these other places to go.
And again, it's not to say Nintendo is free of toxicity and all this other stuff I'm not that ignorant, but smash again in in broad strokes, like, Nintendo tends to be that safer place for a broader audience.
Well, you know, I remember I was playing a crap ton of Mass Effect three multiplayer, but I would only play with people I knew.
And I would not play.
If I, if we like joined in on any matches, I would not play with my speaker on. Yeah.
I just, it's like the moment when a non cisgender male joins in, in a game like that the moment they find out that there could be a vagina involved.
You know the the hammer comes down and we shouldn't have to put up with it it's absolutely disgusting and especially in this day and age with everything going on and just the general, I'd say social trauma that we as an overall society are experiencing.
We need to have this outlet and people need to be less shitty about it. Yeah, that's all I'm gonna say there, you have to wonder if something in the world situation isn't going to challenge, some of that.
But anyway, that's, that's a much deeper topic we've gotten a lot of topic I'm sorry.
But, but going back, let's do the car.
People are using their games as a means of communication as a means of getting out their stress, and in my case, your case, Gwen here, we're we're working through our grief in Animal Crossing.
You know we're working through our grief in a very, I would say healthy way there and there is and this is the last, I'm really going to go too much into the grief thing there is a TED Talk that it gave me a lot of help when, when Grandmom and Granny died I know I linked it to you Rob to watch.
And I'm gonna, I'm going to put it in chat, but I'm going to try to find out who it was that did it because I always forget her name, but it podcast folks won't see the chat so right that's why I'm gonna say, you know, look for it, but it's a TED Talk about closure.
And it talks about.
It's by Nancy Burns brns.
But it's a really good conversation about keeping your grief grief with you as a part of you so that you don't separate it from the memories. And I think that's what we're doing with Animal Crossing, you know what I mean.
We are, we are putting our grief out there in a way that others can share it with us we're keeping it fresh in our hearts, but it's also helping us to reconcile that sadness with the joy it could bring us you know what I mean.
Absolutely. So, and we tie it into the things that we love to keep that close to us.
So, I've had some time to think on this. No, you're fine you're fine you know and just as you know Animal Crossing has helped us through a lot of that.
This show has helped us through a lot of these difficult moments in our lives so it's, it's, it's good to have you back to our soccer I'm glad you were feeling up to coming back tonight so a hearty welcome back to you.
18 years almost. Yeah, been a lot. Unbelievable, unbelievable. And I was hoping, I was hoping by the time our 18th birthday rolled around, because we're sitting, we're sitting on new art and new intro and like a whole like makeover for the show, we're just sitting on it, because the idea was, oh, that would be a great way to come out of this
COVID situation the social distance recording is like, we're back again and here's all new coat of paint and all this stuff but now it's like as the time goes on it's like well, maybe we'll just have to roll that out on the 18th anniversary because we just we don't know
when this is going to be passed I mean I don't know it seems like things are getting I get I guess I shouldn't go too far into the topic we don't know.
So we have to play it week by week.
And, you know, I think that. And now I'm going to get all like ridiculously sappy and everything. Okay, that you guys have been just a delight, a joy in my life.
And I think without the show I probably would have been a lot more lost yeah I mean yeah I had to take the week off of it because I mean and I'm even still doing it, I just don't trust my voice when I was in training I hardly said anything publicly,
you know, you know, in our, in our training chat which I'm all doing this online, you know, that.
But coming back to the show is, I think, one of my big steps in in facing it and dealing with it and trying to trying to, I'm not gonna say muscle through, but trying just to bring that into a part of the person that it makes me well and get some
sort of normalcy back in a completely abnormal world.
Well, I don't believe normal is always in flux. The only constant is change, right, fair.
This is our normal. But when you've been doing something 18 years it's kind of normal.
You know what I know it. No, I know what you mean.
Yeah, so I mean I'm gonna say look at us. Look at our other fellow podcasts.
Look at her.
But look at how we've all adapted.
We've got discord now for doing our show other folks are using Skype. I've seen some on zoom or their, you know, videos streaming you know with the crazy backgrounds and everything.
I think it's absolutely amazing that we have the, you know, could we have done this 10 years ago.
Would we have paid out the nose for life through life 365 to do it.
Could we have done it 10 years ago, maybe through Skype, but is that the way well and and here's the thing and I, as, as convenient as like discord is for doing this show and it's great because it allows us to still get together we can get that creative
energy out we can still do this show and it kind of gives us what we need. I am going to be honest, I still don't like it as much as I liked us all being here, but I realize that just can't be the case right now.
It will be the case again someday.
We'll get we'll get there, week by week.
Oh great now I've got that song stuck in my head.
Some day, somewhere, nevermind.
It's Bob rush he's like butter. Yeah, Bobby says the majority of podcasts actually were done over Skype for the past 15 years very, very few were done in the same room.
I think you meant like over 10 because when you invoke life 365 see in that era when we were doing dialect radio. I'm not sure Skype would have done as well but yeah most podcasts are done over Skype, but I think what kind of has made or zoom whatever
you want to insert there. I think part of what's made this show special is the fact that we're all in the same room. And I can also say, I don't like doing the distance recording, but we're going to do the distance recording, so we can still have this show
because something's better than nothing.
Absolutely, absolutely. And, and you know, with all of this, you know, I, and any fellow podcaster listening to this show live or recorded.
Kudos to you keep doing it keep your voice out there we need, especially our into you know our independent podcasters and the people who are out there saying important things that people need to hear.
Don't, don't let a virus stop you keep using you know doing it this way do it however you need to. It could be really difficult, it could be super easy for you but the fact that you're doing it is what's important.
Absolutely.
Keep on keeping on.
Yeah, put that art out there because in this really crappy situation and podcasting is a type of art. I know a lot of people like to, you know, speak negatively of it.
I'm not going to stand by and let that happen. It is a type of art, it's a type of expression.
And as crappy as these times are the best thing that's going to come out of it is the art is the Animal Crossing creativity, the the things that help us to grieve and all of that that's going to be so don't, you know, keep podcasting and keep keep making art, whatever
it is, if you paint, if you, you know, keep it, keep one of my favorite movies ever is pump up the volume. Mm hmm. And just the fact that I mean it was you know the 90s with shortwave radio, right.
But I always think that that might have been one of my biggest inspirations that led me to love doing the live radio, and then going into. That was why when I had the chance to you know do under sedation with y'all and fill in for for Jessica and be like the constant guest.
I jumped on it. And then when we did our show, I knew I had found the thing that I mean, if I could get paid for doing all our hell yeah, but I know no don't talk crazy now.
We got paid yet so I don't think we will so whatevs. But at any rate, that's that's my whole my whole thing. Everyone out there keep using your voice. Please keep using your voice.
Also PS. I played with Gail Simone and Animal Crossing so I feel like I've had my, my ultimate nerd moment, the end. Congrats. All right, Loki is still with us.
Sorry. It's been a right it's been it's been like you totally ran to the other rumors I know it's like, it's, it's been a good 30 minutes of venting and chatting but it's it was needed.
It was child wrangling. This is group therapy. All right, we are going to get into some gaming news though because video games are the way that some of us you know cope it's a, it's an art form as well.
And some of us cope through Animal Crossing. Others of us like to play games where we shoot demons in the face right Loki.
Sure. So, Doom eternal courses, you know, one of the big games that came out and march around this wall exactly at the same time as Animal Crossing.
And it was met with pretty good reception you know that pretty positive reviews and everything and there weren't really any issues with it.
That is until they decided to update it and insert de nouveau anti cheat, because everybody loves de nouveau I mean the copy protection scheme that doesn't really work that well.
And on top of that, they had actually with this now being put in there and I guess to stop cheating but there really isn't a whole lot of like online multiplayer.
It's really just the battle mode that they have where it's basically to one player versus to two players playing as like some sort of demons, which I don't know if there's been a lot of cheating in that per se but it is something that they put in there
and now folks aren't really happy about de nouveau anti cheat being in there because it gives kernel access to this program.
And it's basically leaving it open to be exploited in some way to gain access to your system now, of course, it's come out saying that Listen, this is only running when the game is running and it's, you know, not going to stay persistent in your computer.
But, you know, so folks don't really like that. However, apparently de nouveau is working with the team with, you know, the behind Doom eternal to see if there's a way to get like some sort of separate launcher for the single player offline play, so that it would allow you to play the offline portion single player, which a lot of people are doing is just playing single player, and being able to do that without the de nouveau anti cheat and only enabling it if you're playing some sort of online portion of that.
Which I think it's a decent compromise, it still kind of sucks. And then of course, along with that, as folks tend to do, I got review bombs pretty bad on steam. So now it's mixed instead of very positive.
Oh, good old review bombing, you know, a way to way to take a stand internet.
Show them. Yeah, well, they're making their voices heard. I mean, it sounds like that they hear them. So I don't know some interesting commentary because this topic came up in our discord server this week.
So of course, we have a discord server like a lot of your favorite podcasters and broadcasters. And you can find it over at vog network.com. That's vog network.com slash discord will get you the invite you need to get in there.
And there was some really interesting comments, I want to relay some of those comments on the situation. metal mayhem on discord said, here's my take. On one hand, I can understand wanting anti cheating measures. Over the past 17 years of playing games online, I've seen all too many cheaters and that annoyed the fuck out of me.
TF. At the same time, I can't stand intrusive programs being installed on my PC. That's one major reason why I like buying games on GOG versus steam when I have the option to do so. And let's be real here, anti cheating software and DRM doesn't stop folks from doing what they're going to do.
All it'll do it all it'll do is slowly delay it. And in the process, annoy everyone else. Here's a comment from 13 x forever 30 forever who said, Why exactly is this bad? Besides the general FUD about the F, I think F us maybe about the potential of exploit by a third party.
You have 10s of drivers running with the same privileges, for far more dubious reasons or needs. iTunes installs 10 year old driver to be able to rip audio CDs and no one bats an eye. Some game company installs the drivers is being constantly developed under a high pressure to fix any issues ASAP, and the internet's losing their mind.
There are valid reasons to reject the notion of such updates, but people are focusing on all the wrong aspects of this. One more here from Tiger Claw. I just want to say, though, I like that comment because it does shine a spotlight on why is it always the games that get all the press about this when there are so many other products on your computer and he he named an audio software, but there's all other types.
But I think that in those situations where people find exploits like that, they are brought up. It's just it's not necessarily something that, you know, you might be paying attention to. I don't think that people are silent on that when there is an exploit like that. They're just as up in arms about it.
It's just this tends to be like, do you know, do you know, but doesn't tend to work correctly and it sends to get defeated pretty quick and causes all sorts of issues, I think, with the game. I don't know necessarily specifics, but I know that, like, even with this launching, I want to say that I thought they were supposed to be putting Denuvo anti piracy in there and they accidentally shipped it with basically a
DRM free executable for some stupid reason, because probably because Bethesda. But I know like other companies that have used, you know, I believe have been the it's been defeated pretty fast. So I don't know. I think the overall consensus is that the negatives outweigh the positives of it.
But I mean, you'll see, I don't think there's really a strong online to it. Maybe this is just kind of a precursor before they launch like a legitimate multiplayer deathmatch type thing or something that I can see.
Maybe they're just getting the kinks out with this one online mode first, because then I can see that the need for this. But for just like the simple one versus two mode, I mean, I guess there would be.
I mean, I assume there's gonna be cheaters everywhere, but I can't imagine that it's gonna be that rampant.
Let me read one more comment from Tiger Claw here from Discord. I don't really like the stuff that's being installed in the background. One of the issues might be that it would slow down your PC if it's constantly running in the background.
There would be cases where having such things could affect system performance when you're gaming on a PC. For example, it could potentially eat too much of your system resources and use up a lot of memory. This is basically a form of DRM.
So yeah, lots of negative feelings about this software. I think for me, I understand why companies kind of have to do the anti-cheat thing. To an extent, I understand it because people are gonna cheat.
And you see it run rampant in almost any online game, especially ones that don't have these sorts of protocols in place.
But on the other side, I also completely understand that Doom Eternal also has a one-player mode, and some people just want to play the one-player mode, and have no interest in playing online with other people.
So why are they being subjected to this as well? In that aspect, I understand why this is very annoying, because it's for a part of the game that I don't really have an interest in.
But, I don't know.
I mean, we'll have to see. According to you, I think it may be just kind of a knee-jerk reaction to anti-cheats in the past. Basically, a lot of them used to hook into the file systems, start up with your OS and that kind of stuff.
Whereas, maybe this isn't as intrusive, but I don't know. I don't have Doom.
And I'm gonna just totally throw something kind of lame-brain out there and fully admit it, but my gut says, you know, this is America. We love to sue people in America.
Could it be that these things getting installed on a computer when people don't want them to, let's say it gets exploited or whatever, let's say there is an exploit and somebody gets into your computer because of this anti-cheat system, could there be a legal ramification with that?
Or, I mean, I know, hold on, because I know what people are going to say is up, but you accepted that end-user license agreement, and when you accepted the license agreement, you agreed all that stuff.
And I kind of figure, like, sure, I understand that. Is that really going to stop a lawyer from a class action lawsuit? I don't know.
I've also seen those types of license agreements challenged when it's like, nah, nah, you don't get to get out of it by doing that. You know what I mean?
Like, when Sony and the PlayStation issues they had and all that stuff. Anyway, go ahead, Loki.
But the company...
Oh, sorry, Jamie. Sorry.
Yeah, one thing that the company does have the right to protect the experience that they sold to people, you know, they advertise the game a certain way, that certain things would happen, that certain protections would be there, and this could indeed be their way of enforcing it, right?
Yeah, it's like, it's why I'm not, like, completely against the anti-cheat thing, but I do feel to some extent the company needs to own it if that software is what is used to exploit your computer.
But then again, we have the Discord comment that makes an excellent point. You have a ton of shit on your PC that could probably be used to exploit your computer. So...
How are you going to pinpoint it to, you know, what exactly it is? I don't know. Yeah, I'm sure people will calm down after a while.
All right. All right, well, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week, whether we were using mods or anti-cheat systems or what.
Darsaka. Real quick, I was going to say, that's the thing that would actually concern me is sometimes I like to cheat my own single player experiences.
So is this going to prevent me from doing that? That kind of takes away some of the fun.
Excellent question. And Bethesda in some ways has embraced the mods, like in the old Doom, right? Like, that's the big reason why they have these new...
Yeah, I'm like, it is interesting. Like, you know, I think there's definitely assets and positives to modding and so forth. So you ask an excellent question.
Like, if this disables the ability to mod your PC version of Doom Eternal, then that's kind of a bummer. You know, if you want to do that, as long as your modding isn't distracting from the experiences of others.
I think that it's sort of like the bad apple scenario where they're saying, well, one could be used negatively, we're going to ban them all.
Where like with what BioWare did with Mass Effect is like, if it's not affecting the multiplayer experience, do your high res mods, make Shepard wear whatever you want her to wear, you know?
All right. Anyway, good point, Logie. Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week, Doom or otherwise.
Darsaka, how was your gaming week?
Animal Crossing.
I guess we kind of got into that earlier in the show. Anything?
Yeah, I really haven't played anything else. Oh yeah, I was going to say, and I've told you all about this game a bunch of times because I have Apple Arcade and I have been super into playing Patterned.
And they released a bunch of puzzles and some of them are what I call hell puzzles.
But basically, in a nutshell, what Patterned is, and it's set to like, if you want the music, it's like really gentle background piano music.
Just really gentle in background and kind of relaxing and calming like you're by a stream, you know, but you get different, your entire picture is a tiled picture with different, you know, patterns and designs on it.
And you have different blocks of a different size that you have to bring in to match over a piece of the artwork. And it starts off as line art and fills in more gradually as you fill in more of the pieces until you have the complete puzzle.
And they let you download it as wallpaper. If you're playing on on one of your mobile devices or playing on a computer.
I've even used one of these wallpapers for, you know, one of my own little projects.
But at any rate, I have been playing a good bit of that it's been just really good for for kind of having like a distraction for my brain because I need to be doing a couple of things at once.
And if I if I stopped in this was last week of course if I stopped to think about anything that I was going to go crazy so it's been really good for just, you know, keeping, keeping me steady it's nice and chill you can play it on your phone you play on your tablet
you can play it on your computer I'm playing it of course on Mac because it's Apple arcade.
But it's a game that I super love, um, I really haven't opened anything else I haven't touched Pokemon I haven't touched the Harry Potter game.
It's just really, I've just been so stuck in Animal Crossing land because it's been, it's been like my, my, my blanket my blankie.
Although I am finally considering if my other if my gaming computer will keep up with it, I'm finally going to take the plunge on Detroit become human, because I love that game.
It's beautiful.
So, yeah, that's my gaming week.
Excellent.
Loki, how was your gaming week.
So I played a little bit of Minecraft with my kids.
I played more step mania stuff, I was loading on some new songs and I finally found the eight 20 songs so put those in there and played some of that today.
So that's fun. And of course lots of Orna. And I think that was it. Yeah, I think that's all I played this week.
Okay. Um, so for my gaming week I'm still going on the regulars like Animal Crossing and Final Fantasy 14 and the mobile stuff like you know Ingress Pokemon Go and let's say the Orna and all that stuff.
Let's see, uh, new stuff though. I probably the biggest thing that I checked out that was new on the Nintendo switch they released the mobile game Elder Scrolls blades, but now they're reporting it to consoles originally it was supposed to be out on like
every console and mobile. It's taken a while for them to do that and I don't even know if that's still the plan anymore, but the switch version came out.
So I was like, what the hell it's free. What do I have to lose, so I jumped in and played it a little bit. There's a lot of people out there I noticed on Twitter and stuff that don't like this game, and it's buggy because it's a Bethesda game, it hasn't been like super
buggy for me like I might get a frame skip issue here and there, but Bobby was talking about on his show tonight and it's on his Twitter over at Bobby black wolf.
He had this like, like he can't even use his right joystick. It's so damn choppy like I didn't have any of those issues but it's interesting how buggy the game can be from one system to another.
His theory is that it has to do with running the game off an SD card. I don't think mine is doing that but I don't know that it's not either but anyway I'm, whatever.
Um, I don't hate it like I read all that they hate that people have for this game out there and I'm like this is a little strong. I don't love it either. I'm not going to die on the hill for this game.
It's a really like dumbed down version of Elder Scrolls, and I mean dumb down like it's really simplified but sometimes it's kind of like what you need, like Elder Scrolls, there's a lot when you can touch every book and every piece of fruit and pick every flower
and all that stuff so like in some ways like not having all of that overload my senses with like, I need to collect everything is actually kind of nice.
Um, so it's kind of like a dungeon crawler sort of thing you're basically like going through these like pre rendered dungeons and killing a couple mobs and you know that the battle systems very simple it's kind of like slash with the left hand slash
with the right hand slash with the left hand cast a spell it's kind of it's very, again, it's very simplified. And then the whole point is that you're like restoring this city, so it's basically a city builder game with some dungeon crawling built into it.
Again, I don't hate it, it was a, it was a fair use of a couple hours, maybe not probably not even that long maybe an hour and a half that I was playing it.
I just wish the damn thing had a map. I can't believe here we are in the year 2020, and I'm playing a video game without a stinking map, like, what what is up with that.
And don't throw the whole well video games didn't used to have maps. They've been doing maps and video games since like the original Legend of Zelda probably before that, quite honestly, Elder Scrolls has maps in their game.
Yes, exactly. So like the what the fact that it's missing from this one is really irritating. But otherwise, it's, it's okay. Like, I don't hate it. I think I don't understand why people like really hate it.
I do hear though that they've changed a lot since it originally released for mobile that they've done some changes and now here we are releasing on switch. This is the first time I've experienced it so some people might be basing their perceptions off the original version of the game and that that could explain why maybe sometimes
some people hate it and I'm like, I mean, I get that it's buggy and it's really simple and it is a free to play game but I don't think it's like the worst thing I've ever played in my life I've played far worse games that I paid money for.
So there's that. But yeah, Elder Scrolls Blades. It's, it's okay. Put that on the back of the box. All right. We're gonna get into some gaming news here. I do want to mention some quick stuff during housekeeping because Bobby was mentioning this on his show tonight and I think this is an important thing to bring up.
So every year. Well, I shouldn't say every year but for the past couple years. The voice geeks network has sponsored a show out in Atlanta, that is similar to like our California extreme out here you know where they do all like the, the old, old school machines pinball machines and arcade machines they kind of rent a hotel ballroom and the whole things on free play for a weekend.
There's a thing like that out in Atlanta, the Atlanta area is not actually not in the city of Atlanta, but it's called the southern fried game gaming Expo, I must say game room but I think now it's gaming Expo because they try to incorporate some other stuff into that as well but southern F FGE, they have canceled for the year 2020, which I'm sure won't surprise anyone with everything that's going on in the world a lot of big conventions are canceling.
But here's the thing. We've talked about this a little bit with why is dragon con still happening. Why is packs still happening Why are these companies saying that these things are going to happen, and long story short, it has to do with contracts.
They could be in a breach of contract essentially, if they just cancel because unfortunately pandemics for whatever ridiculous reason is not one of the like acceptable reasons to cancel a contract. However, if the city or the state government steps steps in and says, Oh no, you're not having this gatherings of 500 plus people are banned here, then you can enact a clause in the contract known as force majority.
And you basically get to cancel but you get to recoup the money invested because now it's not your fault the canceled basically. So most conventions This is why dragon con hasn't canceled yet. This is why packs hasn't canceled yet, because that type of stuff is not going to happen until two three months out before this all happens.
So for everybody that's on dragon cons page posting, I can't believe you'd put the public at risk. Wait, wait, if you want to blame something, blame the legal process. Okay. But here's the thing. Southern fried game room Expo, they they have canceled because they're in a part of Georgia where there is no legal clause to have such big gatherings.
So they are caving in to that pressure and doing the right thing per se, by not having a mass gathering of people at their own discretion. And unfortunately, that means they are going to be financially liable.
So if you're able to if you're in the south east area, if you are the type of person that would usually go to these types of things, please consider supporting for getting your 2021 ticket, or they're going to have some shirts online and some of the merch that they probably would have sold this year will be available online instead.
If that is the type of thing up your alley, I would encourage you to get on there and support that because, you know, they did do the right thing for public safety, even though technically, there was no government mandate for them to shut down on that.
So I just want to give them a shout out of sorts. The interesting silver lining to that, that whole thing, for me is that, you know, with all this time off, I'm saving, and all this flight credit, I'm going to have if Dragon Kong ends up getting canceled, I'm going to have more flight credit.
It's one of those weird things where it's like, well, I might be able to go to this in 2021. Usually I'm like, oh, no, I can't do two trips to Atlanta over the summer. That's too much. I don't have that kind of time.
Well, with everything that's happened this year, I guess the silver lining is I'm going to have everything banked for next year. So no promises yet because we don't know what the world's really going to look like in 2021.
We don't even know if it's going to be okay then, we hope, but, you know, but the interesting silver lining is that maybe I can go in 2021, but I hope you all will support them and do the right thing and all that.
So, okay, let's move on and get into some gaming news and the headlines of the week. Loki, you want to start us off?
Yes. So one of the news bits that was part of the summer of gaming or whatever the hell we're calling it now, they had an announcement with Tony Hawk talking about the remaster of Tony Hawk one and two.
So that's pretty sweet to see them basically going to be remastering those two games. They're trying to get the same tracks from the original soundtrack.
Not sure if they're going to be able to get all of them, but they're going to have the original skaters and looks pretty awesome.
So that would be coming out September 1st, I believe, or September 4th. And yeah, so what to look forward to that.
And then, of course, along with that, because obviously it's been a long time since these games have come out and, you know, Tony Hawk isn't as young as he used to be.
So what's kind of fun is they're actually going to have the pros that are in the game are actually going to be aged as well.
So he's going to tell you, Hawk will look like he does now and as will the other pros in there.
So I think that's pretty cool. Dad's going skateboarding. Yeah. I wonder if they'll get like other does Tony Hawk have kids?
I imagine he does. Yeah, you got it. You got to wonder if those kids sometimes are like, Dad, you're embarrassing me.
Do you think everybody thinks that about their dad?
I guess that's true. And then at the same time, it's like, child, that skateboarding is paying for your college.
These three masters are going to pay for that. So I guess you can't be too critical. Did you hear his record got broken?
Oh, no, I didn't. Yeah. Like an 11 year old kid finally pulled off a 1080.
OK, well, but does but does that cheapen the Tony Hawk brand?
No, but I'm just saying that like the thing he like was kicking his ass to try to do a kid beat him finally.
But it kind of brings things back to that legacy that he's kind of done to true, you know, and it's like, you know, I realize skateboarding is not in the Olympics,
but I think people in Generation X and especially subsequent generations, we kind of start to look at skateboarding and those types of things that were like the X Games when we were like in our early 20s.
Right. Like those are kind of like Olympic sports to us. So and the reason why I say that is because, like, you know, if an Olympian has a record beaten, you still kind of remember like the heyday of that Olympian.
Right. You know, like, yeah, like Mary Lou Retton in the 80s or something like that, you know, like that was that was crazy how she was everywhere.
And I don't even know how I wanted her legs or what. Who's I wanted legs like that.
Who's more modern? Who's the swimmer guy? Michael. Michael Phelps. Michael Phelps. Yeah.
Or there's. I can't remember her name now. Who is the runner? Jackie Joyner-Kersee is on the tip of my tongue. No, no, no. Oh, but I can't remember showing my age.
Oh, and then there was also like for, you know, the the figure skating world, Bonaly, who, you know, just to piss off the judges, did a backflip.
Oh, yeah. Isn't there some documentary about her? It's fascinating. I think so. I remember watching all that figure skating stuff growing up because, you know, hello.
And I remember I was totally into it. I think her name was like Sophia or so something. Sonia. Sonia. Yeah. Sorry. Sonia. Sonia. Yeah.
Sonia Bonaly. So. So anyway, sorry to interrupt. No, you're fine. Only here at O.L.R. can we relate Tony Hawk Pro skateboarding to figure skate discussion.
So there was. So what's kind of cool, though, is this is being done by various visions. So they're the ones behind the Crash Bandicoot remakes.
So one of their goals was basically to have the game still feel like the original game.
So all of the not necessarily bugs, but like kind of quirks of the original game and everything.
What's kind of cool, though, too, is apparently if you did like, of course, they're trying to push pre-orders and stuff. If you wanted to do that, you get to actually play.
They have like a kind of a demo release thing that they're going to put out. That's the I can't remember the stage is called.
It's the warehouse, I believe, that you can actually check out and stuff. I don't know. It's pretty fun.
Yeah, like I'm kind of into it, too. Like, you know, I don't think I really got into the Tony Hawk games.
Like I remember games like Skate or Die and 720 in California games and those like I'm going really old school there, but I didn't really get into the Tony Hawk games.
But I think I think they'd be kind of fun to revisit. I kind of be down. Yeah. Dad, you're embarrassing me.
I'm just picturing dads across the nation picking up these Tony Hawk remasters and playing them all over again. All right. Cool. All right.
Well, moving on, let's talk about some big gaming news from this week. That is the unveiling of the unreal five engine.
That's right. A PlayStation five tech demo was shown off for the unreal five engine, which was announced in one of those streams that they're doing for the summer game fest.
So this was like they did an interview with Jeff Keighley, because you remember how I was being a little bit like isn't summer game fest like just news announcements?
But this was actually something produced by them because Jeff Keighley was involved to sit down interview and they really hyped it up.
And, you know, they hyped up this interview. It was a mystery thing. And then they did it.
And of course, some Twitter people were like, that's it. And I'm thinking in the back of my mind, I'm like, do you know how many of your games are powered by unreal engine?
Like this might not seem like a big deal, but it's a very big deal because this is what the future of gaming is going to look like.
And they showed a little video and I'm sorry, I don't have it here for our Twitch viewers, but I'm sure plenty of you have seen it.
It's a it's a don't call it Tomb Raider, but it sure looks awfully similar of this, you know, gal who's running through tombs, I guess, and, you know, running cliffs and jumping.
And it's very smooth. It's 30 frames a second, but 1440p, it looks very good and, you know, kind of has me hyped.
I'm like, OK, all right, this looks really cool. You know, this is how they're pushing, you know, graphics and so forth.
So, yeah, they did that whole unveil that game, that demo that they showed, though, even though they say it is playable, it is it is not at this time a game.
Sometimes tech demos turn into games like we play.
Was that what it was on the weed that was just basically like all their tech demos?
Yes. E3 demos or the three, two, one, one, two, three switch.
That's like all their tech demos thrown into a game to switch and whatever that one to do this game.
One, two. Why aren't you ever on sale? Yeah.
I still want $40 for this game. One, two, bundle it in already. All right.
Anyway, but so that's not to say it couldn't ever be a game, at least that's not the plan at this point anyway.
And that's you know, that there's a lot of stuff that never becomes a game.
The Final Fantasy six, when they did it in 3D back in the day, like that whole demo in Nintendo 64, like that never became an actual thing.
So not everything becomes a thing anyway.
So they showed this off, this demo, and it's got some oohs and aahs.
And yeah, the Unreal Engine 5, it's coming out next year.
So that's interesting because that means the games that are going to launch on PlayStation 5,
Xbox Series X are not going to be in this, which it's not like that's the only engine out there.
Many companies have their own in-house engines that they build.
So that's fine. But it's interesting this is going to be there at first.
That is going to be something that they're working on.
It should be pointed out that there is Unreal Engine 4.25.
So the current Unreal Engine does support next generation hardware.
So that's not to say there won't be anything in Unreal.
It just won't be in Unreal 5 until after this is out, as you can imagine.
The other big news about Unreal, and I think this is a big deal,
the royalties are now waived on your first million dollars in game revenue.
That's right, you can build games for free in Unreal Engine,
and royalties are waived on your first million dollars.
And these are retroactive terms to January 1, 2020.
I mean, how many indie developers out there never see that kind of money,
you know, and are already having a cut to get out?
This is a great, great thing for small developers, indie developers.
That's amazing news that, you know, that's going to be royalty free for the first million.
I am expecting great things of the Unreal 5 version of Super Multitasking, I just have to say.
Now, one of the things...
Those pixels better be razor sharp.
Now, one other thing to talk about with Unreal Engine 5,
because sometimes when we've talked about brand new cutting edge engines,
the question is, what about Switch, though?
Real quick, there's one more piece to that as well.
So the other thing that they did was they opened up the framework that they use for Fortnite
for their multiplayer servers and matchmaking and all that stuff.
And now that's available for free as well.
It's platform agnostic, so you can use it in Unreal, Unity, whatever you want to use it in.
Now, when it comes to the Switch, the question is, is it going to be there, is it going to run on it?
And the short answer is, yes, obviously it's not going to have the same power,
but the engine that you build the game in, it can still work on Switch as well.
And Unreal Engine 4 fully works on Switch right now,
and Unreal 5, they will continue to have that Switch report.
It may not have every feature, it may not run the same,
but it's going to be available for Switch development, so that, I believe, is a good thing.
Now, sorry, I've been ignoring chat while I've been getting to all this,
but I want to get to some of the comments in chat.
Let's see, VGRealness says,
maybe the Summer Games thing is what's going to take the place of E3,
as there doesn't seem to be much hype around the IGN E3 replacement.
Wait until a little closer to that second week in June,
or whenever they ultimately schedule that for.
You know, Twitter and social media is very much a live in the now kind of place.
And so, I think the fact that there's, what is there to get hyped about?
Turn on my computer and look at the latest thing on IGN, right?
Like, E3 you get hype about because you get up, you go,
you might make plans to watch press conferences with friends,
or even Sony did that movie theater thing, right?
But obviously that's all different right now.
And you drink heavily after all the social anxiety gets you.
Yes, yes. So, that's not really happening this year.
So, I don't know if it's to say that the buzz won't be there.
I think it's just, once the news is out there, it will spread like wildfire,
no matter where it comes from.
Anyway, actdeftinchat says,
though like I said earlier, it's cool that the tech is going to be amazing,
but what does this all mean to us, the general consumer?
Especially this being shown for the PlayStation 5.
All hype, no substance.
Well, wait until that IGN thing or when E3 would have been.
Keep in mind, what we saw out of this was,
I think they even said was going to be the game developers conference.
And obviously that got put on hold and didn't happen.
Wait for those, you know, Sony.
At least it was more entertaining than Mark Cerny's talk.
Well, for you, but if you're a developer,
you might have found Mark Cerny's talk very fascinating.
No, that new material or like, you know, material aside,
and the material was both very interesting.
It's just the presentation of it.
One is certainly more interesting than the other one.
Don't even remotely slander the man who made Marble Madness, okay?
Don't. All right, anyway.
Unreal 5, Marble Madness?
But here. But, you know, let's see where we are in June or I guess July,
because Microsoft has basically said,
we're going to show Halo in July and the other games too, right?
So, you know, wait until there,
and I think you're going to find that hype level you're looking for
when we start to get to the stuff that is really targeted at the game.
to get to the stuff that is really targeted at the consumer.
So I wouldn't feel lack of hype right now,
because we are still May, this is early,
we don't usually get to find out the good stuff, not until June,
and then you're going to have to assume with everything that's going on with the pandemic,
it may be like July, August, it's going to be like summer long,
so when the companies are ready to unveil that stuff.
So, you know, I think the hype will still be there,
you're just going to have to give it a little longer, that's all.
So, alright, let's move on and get into some other news.
Darsakra.
Well, and this actually kind of goes back to where we were starting
right at the beginning of the show with all the people using their online games
for, you know, more often and for staying in contact with people,
but the video game industry in the US has set a sales record for the first quarter.
They're attributing it mostly to people staying at home,
for people having nothing to do but stay home and play video games.
So they have set a record of 10.86 billion,
which is 9% higher compared to the same spending in the same quarter of 2019,
so it's up 9% from last year.
And of that total, 9.58 billion was spent on video game content with an 11% increase.
They did mention big sellers, of course, being Animal Crossing New Horizon,
Call of Duty Modern Warfare, Doom Eternal, Dragon Ball Z, Kakaroto,
Fortnite, Grand Theft Auto 5, Minecraft, MLB The Show 20,
and NBA 2K20 as the best performing games.
And of course, the Switch sold its absolute best.
It led the market with a 2% increase, so the sales went to $773 million,
and with their accessories, that went up 1% to $503 million.
So taking all those numbers away from it, because I can say numbers all day,
but what does that mean to us?
It means that we are seeing more people gaming.
We're seeing people who are using gaming as their therapy,
as we mentioned earlier, right?
And the people who are, in general, just looking to their games
as their big replacement, I think, for all of the other external things they used to do.
So in that respect, this surprises no one really, or it should surprise nobody.
Nana, what do you think?
Yeah, with the current state of the world, you're right.
It doesn't really surprise me.
The Switch going cuckoo bananas with everything Animal Crossing doing the same.
I like that, cuckoo bananas.
Doesn't really surprise me either.
I'm sure Jackbox Games probably is doing very well, and as I mentioned earlier,
as well, again, not that this is how you want to profit, but it is what it is.
And so, yeah, with more people being at home,
and I know some folks are still working and all that, but you have a lot of unemployed.
Unemployment is really high, really high right now with all the service industry and everything.
It's very high.
So there's a lot of people that are playing video games to give them peace of mind.
They didn't have video games in the Great Depression.
Of course, they also didn't have remotely the social programs we have now.
Thank you, FDR, except, you know, again, not going to comment and ruined.
But I'm saying, you know, this is the perfect distraction,
the perfect thing for people who are looking for an outlet.
So, of course, they're going to be going into, you know, buying more systems.
I mean, well, how long were Switches unavailable?
They're just now coming back in office.
Why am I saying office? It's like I'm going to work.
They're just now coming back into stores for availability.
Yeah, Alan got one a week ago, but it was, you know, he had to get the text message alert when they were in stock.
Did he have to kill for it?
Yeah, it was that whole thing. He had to really, like, work for it, basically.
Yeah, and I'm quite happy to have him as my AC buddy and to give him all my unneeded DIYs.
Yeah, his town's really coming along, actually.
I need to just do a live stream of Animal Crossing already, but, you know.
I did one when I first started playing.
I should probably do another, but my audio goes kind of funky going through my MacBook.
So, actually, and I didn't talk about this during my gaming week, but it is important.
I've been using my office for work and still my gaming and everything, and that's why I'm like,
I don't know if I want to sit in there for even longer and do streaming, but I probably will at some point.
But I did some minor upgrades in my computer this week.
I finally got that power supply, and I want to thank everybody for those very lovely offers that you all made,
but it finally came through. I got the power supply, and Alan put it in the computer today, actually,
and the new graphics card, which isn't a huge step up in the graphics department,
but also more fans to try to prevent some of the other issues I was having.
So, yeah, so the good news is that computer's all up and running now,
so I didn't want to, like, set up the capture card and everything,
just because I knew the thing was going to get torn apart and put back together.
But maybe that's something I can look at doing now, because there's just a little more oomph in there now.
So, I actually was looking at my streaming setup earlier this week because I was watching somebody,
and I was like, I need to figure out how to do certain things in there.
It's such an OBS noob, but, like, I finally figured out that you can actually organize your scenes,
where you have multiple different sets of scenes, because before I just had it all dumped in the one.
And I remember telling you, I was like, well, this is annoying, because, like, I have my DDR setup here,
and it's mixed in with my Skyrim setup.
Oh, you mean, like, having the profiles, switching between the different profiles.
Yeah, you can switch between, like, different profiles in there, and I was like, I just figured that out this week.
God, you know, like, it just takes me so long to figure this stuff out.
But, you know, you're not going to know until you dive in there.
Jump in there and try it, that's for sure.
All right, anyway, let's move on. Let's talk about some other gaming news. Loki.
All right, so this is pretty exciting.
So, this week, Konami released a new DDR game that you can actually play in your browser.
So, Dance Dance Revolution V, which, it's technically in alpha right now, but it is available to play.
There's 15 songs available on there from Dance Dance Revolution A and A20.
And right now, you can play with your keyboard, although I assume if you have, you know, a mat or something like that,
that you want to hook up, that you can map it out to the keys and everything and be just fine.
It's kind of basic right now. I mean, they don't have any modifications.
You can do the songs, no speed mods or anything. They do have, you know, the four difficulties per song.
It's only single player. And yeah, but it is pretty cool.
You do need an EMUs account to set up, you know, that.
So, if you have that, you can log in. I can check it out. And it's running in Unity.
God, I don't even know if I were to remember my login, but if I have the car.
Oh my God, in Unity?
It's in Unity.
Wow.
If I had my card somewhere, maybe I could figure it out. Did you actually play it, Logie?
I did play it.
What'd you think?
A little bit. It's all right. I mean, it looks just like, you know, DDR.
They've got, you know, everything in the backgrounds and everything.
And, you know, I try to take it apart, you know, because that's me.
So, I took a-
I may have or may have not done that.
So, I took a pass on it. I haven't played it yet. And I'm just kind of like, I heard the news and I was like, oh, okay.
And I kind of took some shit on Discord for my opinion because, you know, I basically said, well, here we are again.
And, you know, again, we've been doing this show a very long time.
And I feel like in the early years of the show, especially, there was a very common theme.
And that was that Konami never wanted to take risks in America.
Like, DDR was released here kicking and screaming and subparly. Remember?
DDR USA mix, not as strong as what they have had over there.
And then when the DDR stuff. So, it was like, you know, and finally, maybe around the time Supernova finally came out.
Like, finally, somebody at Konami figured out, oh, yeah, like, I guess there is, you know, a whole market for DDR there in the US.
And they've done this with a lot of other products too.
So, my point is, is I'm like, here we are again. It's another product. It's just for Japan.
So, it's just one of those, I have a very, and I didn't say this on Discord, and I think this would explain my position a lot more eloquently.
I have a very similar approach to this that I do, Phantasy Star Universe, I'm sorry, Phantasy Star Online 2 or PSO2.
Yes, I'm aware it's been out in Japan for eight years.
Yes, I'm aware I could have downloaded a translation patch and played it.
I'm not going to because Sega didn't want me to.
And that's how I feel about this. End of story.
Yeah, and this is, it's okay. I mean, the timing windows are extremely forgiving.
I mean, it's just like, it was super easy for me to AAA a song and like, I clearly wasn't hitting it at the right time.
So, I don't know. And there's some things that they do that are pretty dumb, like the scoring and everything sent by plain text.
And I mean, that could be totally exploited if you wanted to.
But in fairness, it's all like an early alpha, like it's a first release, like it's a preview, I guess.
So all of these things could be addressed. Like maybe they do have plans for international rollout.
Maybe they do have plans for this, but I'll just, I can wait. I can wait.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know why they couldn't just put Ace or A20 or whatever on PC because it runs on PC in the arcade anyways.
So like it runs on Windows XP. I mean, come on. I think I think you can handle it can handle this.
I don't know why we need to port it over the unity aside from, you know, doing the streaming assets and stuff like that.
It makes it a little bit easier that way. Maybe they can build a monetization for new song packs and stuff like that.
But I don't know. Like, I wish it was. I like to see where this goes.
Like, because it would be cool, like if we could get like an official PC version of Dance Mania running or not Dance Mania, Dance Dance Revolution.
I'll load that up on my cabinet as an option to play, like if I could do that. But like, I don't know.
Let me get to some comments from Discord, because we did have there was a discussion about it earlier in the week, and then there was a little more today.
And I don't even know this is going on, but I see a comment from Dark Tetsuya responding to a YYR comment, which we'll read in a minute.
Dark Tetsuya says, I heard a certain someone got death threats, hate mail in his inbox, since he works at Konami in their Japanese offices.
Like, what the fuck, seriously? Okay, yeah, that is fucking gross and extreme.
And like, even if I'm sitting here going, meh, like, I would never condone, you guys know, I would never condone that level of, and I don't even, what the fuck is prompting people to go that far with it?
Entitlement.
Who cares?
I guess.
It's the same thing, that's why those idiots are protesting it, you know, wherever their capitals are. It's entitlement, it's people wanting what they want when they want, little Veruca salts.
Is it that or is it, oh, we're mad because it's only 15 songs and it doesn't have DDR, third mix, fourth mix?
It's an alpha, who cares?
That's, that, that is a bit extreme.
YYR's comment says, as far as DDRV goes, I think it goes to show that gamers will complain about anything.
Yes, it feels very early and rough around the edges, but I can't believe they released something for free that works with dance pads and contains current songs.
Hell, it's got Golden League stuff in it that's a royal bitch to unlock in the actual game.
If anything, it's a token of goodwill above all, and yet we're giving them shit about it. Not a good look.
So I don't know if that's a comment for me, because it says we're giving them shit about it, or it's a comment for the extreme, like, crazy people, like Dark Tetsuya was referring to.
So I don't know.
I hope so.
But, you know, it could be me, it's fine because I was talking negatively about it in Discord, but I'm going to stand by what I said with the whole PSU too.
And again, the thing that just kind of irks me about it is that I see this very familiar pattern from the past that I hated in the past, and I'm not exactly, and yes, I'm well aware.
I could just, you know, go on and get through a little Japanese and do it and play. You know what? I don't want to.
You know what? It's fine. I think we have the right to criticize it because, dude, we've supported them from the beginning.
Exactly.
Through all of their games, and even DDRPC and all that, like, garbage.
Tell you what, you bought that one, was it Beaten Groovy or whatever?
Yes. I mean, I bought Beaten Groovy.
It's just a reminder.
I have the right to be critical, I think, of Konami products.
I mean, like, you know.
There's a difference between being critical and then just being a complainer.
Exactly.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. So, and again, and if that comment is that the crazy people that Dartis is referring to, then I'm with you.
Like, just in general, that kind of cyberbullying that goes on around games and stuff is dumb.
And even from my own perspective, when Konami finally decides to invite me to the table, just like in the past, when they did have a subpar USA mix,
the three of us were there every fucking Wednesday night putting dollars in that machine playing it, even if it was USA mix.
And when they were-
But it did kind of pay off for us.
Yeah. And when they released the PlayStation USA version, we all fucking bought it.
I bought that fucking Disney.
I bought that Konami.
I'll be here to consume it when, you know, they put it out.
So we imported all that stuff too.
So, I mean, like, we bought it twice.
But I like-
And we also didn't buy it.
But I like the theory.
I like the theory that because it's early, maybe international versions are in the plan for a later rollout.
Cool. I'll see you then.
So, all right, let's move on with some more stories, which I think the next one is mine, actually.
So let's talk about the PlayStation Studios brand.
So, yeah, there's not like a new company launched within PlayStation, but I guess you could say like a new branding, if you will.
A first party game is under the PlayStation Studios brand.
So the internal studios, meaning Naughty Dog, Insomniac Games, Santa Monica Studios.
So what are we looking at there?
Like, Last of Us, God of War.
Those big PlayStation exclusives that, you know, people are waiting for, right?
They're now all under a PlayStation Studios brand.
This was announced alongside an opening cinematic that is going to be with new PlayStation Studios games on the console.
I'm guessing that's like a throwback to the PS boot up that we used to have, right?
Well, I mean, and also a lot of games and studios of worth have their own little, you know, boot up screen, right?
Like I reminded me like of a movie logo, like, you know, like 20th Century Fox.
Everybody knows that one, right?
That whole thing, right?
And or I think even with video games like the PlayStation era of Konami, if we want to talk about that.
There was that whole weird CGI thing where the Konami logo comes out of the rocks.
Now, you remember that?
I can see it in my head.
I'm trying to think of like modern game.
I know what you mean.
And I play the doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Yes. I'm trying to think of modern game studio like splash screens that are kind of iconic.
Anyway, I was looking in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
If you guys think of any, let me know.
But anyway, yeah, so they're going to file it all under this brand for PlayStation Studios.
And, you know, head of global marketing, Eric Lempel, said over the last few years, even last decade,
the strength of the titles coming out from our studios has been stronger than ever.
We've been thinking about how we unite all of these great games under one brand.
And really the purpose of that is to make the consumer understand that when they see this brand,
they're getting ready for a robust, innovative, deep experience that they've come to expect from games coming from PlayStation.
So we came up with PlayStation Studios.
And it is noted, Microsoft did something very similar about a year ago.
When they started acquiring like Ninja Theory and Obsidian Entertainment, it's Xbox Game Studios.
And I do think the branding there is to reinforce the exclusiveness.
I think is what it really comes down to is that, oh, if I want to play a PlayStation Studios game,
I better get a PlayStation and an Xbox Studios game.
I better get an Xbox or a PC that's strong enough to run it.
So, well, and then we could get into the whole, hey, PlayStation stuff is starting to show up on PC.
But that's a whole another chain of events that we'll get into at another time when it's more appropriate.
We can talk about that.
Yeah, but I think it's an interesting branding.
I don't think it really like changes anything, but I think it is just to drive home.
These are the PlayStation exclusives because we have the PlayStation 5 coming out and we want people to understand that.
And I think that's really what it boils down to.
So, all right, I'm looking at some of the comments in chat.
S.G.O. and Hunter Matt says, the classic HBO title credits are still the best.
Bobby Blackwell says, I only really remember the turn 10 and playground game splash screens because of all the fours of playing I do.
Well, they have the neat little like looks like you're turning on a car type of thing.
It's pretty cool. So, all right.
For the record, there is on YouTube for the people who like the old HBO thing, there's a making of.
Of that whole opening set and how they built a real set for it.
It was so long and that was the best.
So good.
It was like 30 seconds long.
And it was always like, oh, my God, we got the HBO preview.
Mama, you'll never hear from me again.
Sneak it up at 2 a.m. to watch.
Oh, no, that was Showtime to watch Rock and Rule, which is to this day one of my favorite movies.
Well, you know what?
If we're going to throw it back, Dark Sakura, then let's throw it back with our next story.
Are we going way back?
Are we not?
I think we're going to go.
Yes, let's go back.
We're going to get in our way back machine that you can also see next to a DeLorean on the rock and ball table.
Just saying.
Microsoft Solitaire is 30 freakin years old.
How much of that game did we all play when we were bored?
A lot, because it was like that default thing everybody had, you know?
Well, it was, you know, the the built in kind of bloatware, but at least had had some use, you know?
But at any rate, it it's it's been out.
I mean, it's hard to think of having a computer that doesn't have, you know, some kind of solitaire.
And, you know, and now it's got like a collection, a solitaire collection where you have, you know, the old fashioned Klondike.
You have your scenes and they're bringing it in with Xbox integration now.
I mean, just seeing how I remember the cards with the fishies on the back.
Yeah.
And remember, remember your reward for beating it was the bouncing card.
Oh, and to see is funny if you.
Gosh, what was it that I did?
Yeah, we had an old it was a friend of mine who had a computer running three windows three one one emulated on her computer and just watching the cards go all over the place.
You know, is it what it is?
We can do that noise again, Jamie, because it was one of the Stooges, the the windows three point one one Stooges.
V.G. realness says now it has ads and you have to pay for it to get rid of it.
Trash. No, I'm actually I've played the newer Microsoft solitaire.
It's it's fine. It's it's it it has evolved the way many games have many free games have across the last 30 years.
They have achievements in it, too.
That's just you know, it's funny is that for me, it was always like, you know what?
I I don't like minesweeper, which is funny because one of the first things I did with my Mac is download minesweeper.
But I mean, it's it's just like that.
It's like it's like imagining.
Not having vanilla ice cream, you know, it's just a staple, it's something that you just always expect to be there.
I love I loved Microsoft Solitaire, but what I really loved was that pinball game on Windows 95.
Was it? Oh, yeah. Space cadet or something like that.
I remember the name of it was like that. Wasn't there like a skiing game for a hot minute?
Or am I thinking back to thinking ski free and that that's that wasn't part of the normal suite of games.
That was the other thing that they had with chips challenge and stuff.
I remember that was called. But they also had hover.
Where's my hover remake? Mm hmm.
I I just was like.
With with with that.
It's like when I said when I when I got even when I got on to my when I remember when I put together my Linux machine,
one of the first things I did was find the version of solitary that ran in Debian.
So now it's it's a staple. I mean, this game is now older than some of our listeners.
Oh, God. Well, and it's a thing where it's like, you know, my mom is not a gamer,
but she'd play Microsoft Solitaire. So, you know, I think it was entry level gaming for a lot of people.
This is this is the mobile gaming of 30 years ago, in a way. Yeah.
Indeed, it is. So. All right. But lovely throwback.
Yeah. A little bit. Not our classic game of the week, though, just to be clear.
Maybe in a later week for now.
But that's that's a stretch. I did. Hey, I did Halo for y'all.
And you also did Minesweeper at one point. So it would make sense that you would do the other Windows games.
Maybe, maybe. Anyway, maybe we'll get to the game of the week this week or maybe it's a table.
We'll get to that. But we have a couple more stories for you first. Loki.
So out of nowhere, Nintendo announces a brand new game that's coming out in a couple months and it's a Paper Mario game.
So they have announced Paper Mario, the origami king, which is going to be coming out on the switch.
July 17th. Looks pretty cool.
And they had it looks like all these new folding abilities and different enemies that are all origami stuff.
Hope there's some instructions on how to actually make some of these, because that would be pretty awesome.
And then wait, can I tinfoil had something on this? Because, yeah, here's the thing you say came out of nowhere.
I actually don't think it came out of nowhere because just last week there was a lot of like pressure in the media about,
wow, Nintendo's going crazy with Animal Crossing and they're selling all these things.
Let's look at what's coming up next for Nintendo. Tumbleweed rolls by.
There is the Xbox Chronicles Definitive Edition, and many people are hype about that.
But I mean, beyond that, Tumbleweed, there's nothing really on the horizon for Nintendo,
because as we know, they probably would have announced this during the 3.
It means the Xenoblade Chronicles.
So what?
You said Xbox Chronicles.
Did I really? Jesus Christ, I'm getting old.
Xenoblade Chronicles.
So so that, of course, is all coming at the end of this month.
Actually, it's in a couple of weeks. But beyond that, we don't have a lot of games announced.
We don't know what's coming. So I kind of think they were under pressure to unveil something.
And I think it's because, too, this probably was going to be in their E3 Nintendo Direct.
I think this coming out now is proof that the E3 Direct is not going to happen when you think it is.
It's going to happen end of June or early July. So they had to get this one out now.
That's my tinfoil hat theory.
I guess that makes sense, yeah.
It looks cool. I haven't played a Paper Mario game since Super Paper Mario, so I don't know.
I'll have to check it out.
Yeah, it looks cute.
Yeah. And there was someone saying online, like it says that someone had datamined, I guess, the eShop,
where they said that there is a version of it that's been uploaded on May 4th.
And it looks like almost seven gigs in size. So maybe the game's already done.
Maybe. Maybe it's a strategical release thing. You know, it's like it's their summer title. Who knows?
Cheeseburger in our chat room. Cheeseburger94 says, I'm stoked for New Paper Mario.
I really hope it will be more like the original two games.
And bonds006 says, Nintendo, show them something to keep the money coming in.
I still think Animal Crossing is doing plenty good for them for a little while.
Animal Crossing is printing money.
It is. But okay, I get the investors need something because the market is a crazy place right now.
So the investors need something to see in the future. So here's something for them.
But this wasn't it, right? Look, there was something a little something else, too, right?
Speaking of something for people that have invested money into like Nintendo's online service,
there's some more games that you can play in your Super NES and NES channel stuff.
So they've got on the NES side of the house, Rygar and Puzzle de Pon or Panel de Pon.
And then on the Super Nintendo, we have I'm sorry.
So actually, no, it looks like that would be a super Nintendo.
Yeah, I was like, Panel de Pon was Super Nintendo, I believe. Yeah. Sorry.
Yeah, it's it's the the Super Famicom box art that's throwing me.
So on the NES side, we just have Rygar.
And then on the Super Nintendo side, we have Wild Guns, Panel de Pon and Operation Logic Bomb.
Well, and to be to be fair, you can't be expected to know everything about Panel de Pon,
because it's a rare release where this never was released in the U.S. Tetris Attack.
Yes, I know. We got it in other type of branded situations.
But the actual Panel de Pon game was only ever released in Japan.
So this is another one of those.
And this kind of happened to us when we got like Mario 2 loss levels in the library.
We didn't get it in All-Stars.
We got the actual like Super Mario 2 Famicom ROM in the U.S. library.
So this is kind of something like that. So that's that's kind of neat.
Yeah. But Rygar with save states will be awesome.
Absolutely. God, I mean, Rygar is only going to benefit from everything in that emulator.
And Rygar is a great choice. I love that game.
Yeah. All those are going to be available on May 20th.
So look forward to those this week.
I mean, it would be nice if those types of releases were a little more frequent,
but all things said and done, it's not a terrible lineup for a month.
So I'll take it.
That's not too bad. Yeah.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, I'm actually hyped for Rygar.
I got it on NES recently,
but having it on Nintendo Switch Online would be nice since you can save state.
Absolutely. Bobby Black Wolf says they can't use the Tetris name.
So that's why it's paneled upon and not Tetris Attack.
Tetris company won't allow them to use the Tetris name since it's not Tetris.
And VG Realness says it's totally Tetris Attack. LOL.
Yes. I mean, it is. It is the equivalent.
Like paneled upon and Tetris Attack is like Puyo Puyo and Kirby's Avalanche
or Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine.
It is exactly like it is the same damn game,
but they just splash the familiar characters in it.
So in paneled upon, are there any recognizable characters in paneled upon?
I think there's like a smash move from that game or something,
but that's like it.
That's like it. It's a very otherwise kind of obscure Nintendo title
and more people will remember Tetris Attack
or it's Pokemon Puzzle League is the same game, isn't it?
I think it is.
Planet Puzzle League?
No, Pokemon Puzzle League and then later Planet Puzzle League.
I think they're all paneled upon.
Yeah.
So you kind of get the old school, the first version of that.
All right. Bobby Black Wolf says paneled upon has original characters.
The US localization made it Yoshi characters.
Well, that was Tetris Attack had the Yoshi characters, right?
If I remember right.
Yeah.
Yep. Thank you.
Bobby says Pokemon Puzzle League on N64 is paneled upon.
That's what I thought.
So all right.
Well, I'm glad we have that all cleared up.
That's a fun puzzle game, though.
I love Pokemon Puzzle League because that was the game I kind of found first
and then I heard, oh, it was based off all these other games
and I kind of discovered them.
Let's talk a little bit about Discord.
You know, video chat and all that is very popular right now
with all the social distancing going on
and people not able to really hang out in person.
So there's a lot of virtual things that are being used.
And video chat is one of them.
Obviously, Zoom, if we want to talk about Cuckoo Banana sales,
Zoom is one of those companies that's been doing very well in this situation.
And I think you're seeing a lot of other, you know,
conferencing competitors taking steps to be in that space.
I know Skype's been doing a lot of upgrades for better or for worse,
and I would say for worse.
I had another, and this is what, again,
if you want to know why this show isn't using Skype anymore.
So you know I do my survivor LARPs, right?
So I'm like on the production team for, I'm not playing it,
but I'm just kind of like helping to oversee it and all that stuff this week
and have for the past couple of weeks.
And so the newest version of Skype on PC broke my recording
because for whatever reason, it doesn't integrate through the desktop audio anymore.
It decides to use its own audio thing with no warning or change or whatever.
So those are the types of things that Skype just does to make things better
that have me very irritated with it.
Anyway, on the other side, Discord doing some things to improve itself a little bit,
especially when more and more people are using video conferencing.
And now Discord already had video chat,
but now it has server video chat for desktop, web, and iOS.
So again, Discord has had this since 2017,
and obviously Bobby and the studio here,
we've been using video chat to talk to each other for a while.
So this is a little something new.
What this is, is now it's more like drop in and drop out conversation.
So you can hang out in a video call with people or just be by yourself
and people can see that you're there and drop in and talk to you.
So it's almost kind of like that Zoom line that's open or a Zoom meeting that's open
and people just kind of drop in and drop out as opposed to making a call,
which is a little more like what Skype does.
You have to actually call to initiate a conversation.
That's what Discord was doing before.
So that's kind of neat.
And it is interesting how Discord is kind of positioning themselves
in that video chat marketplace,
especially when it's video chat for gamers,
but I see a lot of people that don't consider themselves hardcore gamers
more and more that are starting to use it for chats and games,
like D&D type of games.
I think Discord is getting very popular with the D&D scene as far as I know.
So kind of interesting.
Anyway, there you go.
Let's go back.
Let's go back in time to a time when we didn't have video chat online.
It's the classic game of the week.
And every week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault
and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be checking this game out.
But once a month, instead of picking a game, she likes to pick a pinball table.
And I believe that's what we've got this week.
So Dark Soccer is going to give us the classic pinball table of the month.
So what did you pick for this month?
So I picked the machine Bride of Pinbot.
So, yay, Bride of Pinbot, which is by itself an amazing table.
But beyond just being an amazing table, it's actually had an update.
So we'll get into that just a little bit.
So Bride of Pinbot.
Now, I will go ahead and say it was done by Jon Trudeau.
So we know what kind of a creeper he was.
But it was also done by Python.
I'm going to mispronounce that last name, Angelou.
And it was released by Williams.
The table itself came out in 1991, and it is a follow-up to Pinbot,
which, going back into video games, Pinbot was a NES game, remember?
I do?
Yep.
So anyway, with Bride of Pinbot, it took that theme from Pinbot,
and it took it in a somewhat different direction.
Instead of the platform like you had, you had to put her eyes in.
It kind of had this pachinko-style playfield similar to how Pinbot had.
But you had other things going on with it.
It had a rotating box with the machine's face states on the sides.
It had raised eyes and holes, depending on which face that you were on.
Your left ramp had a saucer with a small wheel.
Single ball, that saucer would give you a random award,
including sometimes a timed jackpot.
You have multi-ball, which comes after the metamorphosis,
where you lock the eyes and everything.
You have the heartbeat ramp.
I mean, it was really great.
And there is, with that center ramp,
there is an interval for a shot that's worth a billion points.
And actually getting that shot at least once
will let it be recorded in the special Billionaire's Club on the high score list,
that's separate from the main high score.
And then once, of course, you activate all of her circuits,
then you get, I guess, kind of the wizard mode in the game.
It's kind of like pre-wizard modey stuff, but, you know, a lot of those lines.
And the voice of the machine was actually done by a singer named Stephanie Rogers.
And it's one of the earlier games that had a modesty mode,
because her voice was so sultry.
I mean, I can tell you another game that had a modesty mode,
that was, gosh, Big Bang Bar,
which was a prototype until someone was able to get the licensing for it.
So anyway, it is one of my absolute favorite tables.
And as you knew, you know, I had one for, I'd say, for a hot minute, right?
I played it long enough for me to play it at least once.
Yeah, for sure.
So, sorry.
So at any rate, it got an update not long ago,
but let me rewind a little bit back,
because there is actually one game that had some glitching going on in it earlier too,
because there was, the ROM version L7 had a multiplayer bug,
so they would actually have people wind back to the L6 build of the game.
So back to that, anyway, as I was saying, there was,
sorry, my voice is being stupid right now.
There was an update that's called Bride of Pinbot 2.0 that has,
you can get a color D&D for it.
It has new animations, new music.
The music to me, like, sounds almost like it's something out of Space Mountain.
I love it.
You know, it's just, it's beautiful.
It has new roads in it.
It uses the assets and then builds on it to where you're really getting a new experience with this.
I think it's absolutely a thing of beauty.
And you'll often see, you know, people will bring them out now for various,
let's say, pinball expos and classic gaming things.
And I think, yeah, Dark Touch, I think they did do one for high speed,
but I hadn't played it.
But at any rate, you can also get new translates for Bride of Pinbot 2.0.
Absolutely beautiful.
New cabinet decals, really nice artwork.
I should probably put up the footage of 2.0, shouldn't I?
Yeah, you might want to.
Let's do that. Here we go.
And by the way, the player in that footage is, well, it's from the channel 85VETTT.
And, well, it was put up in 2015.
I know it's been out for a hot minute.
But it's really, if you can get your hands on what to play,
if you can get one to own, that would also be pretty nice.
But it really is absolutely an amazing table, the Bride of Pinbot 2.0,
which, you know, we've had other fan updates and unofficial updates,
because you remember we were borrowing someone's Cactus Canyon continued,
which updates that little drama.
I think they finally released the full ruleset for Cactus Canyon.
Of course, it doesn't have the bonus modes like continued had
because Skrillex is licensed for the Cowboys vs. Aliens segment.
I should find that video and put it up again of Dan scoring that multiplayer,
the Cowboys vs. Aliens.
I'm going to go back to the 1.0 footage now that you've seen 2.0.
Cool.
But at any rate, you know, it's on my list of ones that I love.
I've definitely owned one.
I've had them in various states of repair.
And it really is a worthwhile table to play, absolutely gorgeous, so much fun.
And it's classic, which, of course, this one was followed by one
I'm not going to be discussing in the segment,
well, in the segment ongoing called Jackpot, which, you know, we had that too.
Jackpot's really a fun one.
But of the three, I'm going to say that Bride of Pinbot,
and especially the Bride of Pinbot 2.0, is my favorite of that series.
All right.
Anything else to say about the classic pinball table of the month?
I see.
I think that's what she said.
Yeah, no, I see you or something like that, I think.
I can see.
Yeah, that's what the old pinbot would do.
Now I see you.
Now I see you.
All right, cool.
Good pick, good pick.
And because I've played this one at your house,
so I particularly remember this one.
You played it in my garage back when I lived in Citrus Frights.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, that's right.
It wasn't even in your new place.
Yeah, oh my gosh, it was that long ago.
It was among our first ones, because we had Whodunnit,
and had Rocky and Bullinkle.
Yeah, yeah.
At the time, yeah.
And we had the rotating Judge Dredd.
I say rotating because we've had multiple Judge Dredd's thanks to Will.
All right.
Oh, go ahead.
One last thing, to be a little sad,
I also want to give a shout out to Will, who had to put one too to sleep.
That's sad.
Spitbull.
Sorry to hear that.
Midna and 1-2 got along really well.
Dark Soccer, are you hanging out to do rapid fire news?
Are you going to cut out?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll do a rapid fire.
All right, let's get to rapid fire news.
Will you want to start us off then?
Yeah, I guess.
Sure, like, sure, I'll do one.
But anyway, there, you know, this goes back again to saying
that we've had to do a lot of our memorializing and events
in online games.
UC Berkeley seniors are graduating in Minecraft through a Minecraft ceremony.
I think that's cool.
And they've actually done a recreation of the football field and everything
so that their little avatars can go walking across of it
and they put it all together and to kind of give them, you know,
maybe it's not the graduation that everyone wanted,
but it's still a really nice gesture for them to do so.
And then they're doing a virtual music festival with 90 performers
taking part over several days.
So pretty cool.
And then last but not least, and this is happy news for all of us,
I might have done a little dance,
but May 22nd is the revised release date for the Turbografx 16 mini.
Yay!
Is Konami doing something right?
Yeah, I don't know if you got the shipping thing from Amazon.
Mine's on the 26th, but whatever.
I'm like, I've been waiting this long.
It'll get here when it gets here.
Well, and you know, they had a mess of them in Japan.
Oh, yeah, and I heard you could have bought it this whole time
if you wanted to just buy one of the ones from Japan.
But again, I'll just wait for the one that's meant for me.
Yeah, indeed.
But I'm excited for it.
No, no, me too.
I am absolutely just thrilled as I can be.
I mean, we've all waited for one.
I really would like...
I was thinking that I really wanted a Japanese one,
but I don't care about Tokimeki Memorial that much.
Well, then they're also putting many of the Japanese versions of the games
in the U.S. ones, so...
They are, so I get to annoy people with chowainiki again.
Well, hey, that'll give you something to talk about next week
on the show that's not just Animal Crossing.
If it arrives.
If it arrives, yeah.
But yeah, but I mean, among the other games on there,
we've got Newtopia, which I love Newtopia.
It's kind of a little Zelda-like game.
Splatterhouse, and that would be the other reason
I'd want the Japanese version, is for the unedited Splatterhouse.
Although, maybe you can switch your region?
But Snatcher!
Snatcher.
I know, there's some good stuff on there.
I don't think it's translated, though.
No, I don't think it is.
You have to use a guide or something to get through it.
Y'all can finally play a real rondo of blood.
Hooray.
That's on the PlayStation.
Hooray.
R-Type.
Though, R-Type.
That makes me happy, too, because I love R-Type.
And Extifer will get to play Alien Crush.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my god, he used to play that all day on the Wii.
He was so into it.
It was crazy.
Because the Wii had the turbo graphics stuff
and the backwards compatibility.
All right.
Anyway.
You know what I mean.
What the hell am I saying?
The eShop.
What the hell did they call it?
Virtual...
Or console.
Virtual console.
Virtual console.
I already forgot.
All right.
Anyway.
Dark Zara, thank you.
It was lovely to have you back tonight.
I hope you're feeling a lot better.
I hope the show helped.
Why don't I do releases?
You want to?
All right.
All right.
Well, then.
Well, can we do the rest of it?
I don't have to do any more after that,
but I would really like to just hang around
and participate a little bit.
I'm still kind of...
Eh.
All right.
Up to you.
Well, let's get through the...
You let me know when you're done.
Let's do the rest of the rapid fire news first.
So, Loki, why don't you go?
Go show.
Okay.
So, let's talk about free stuff.
So, Lego Ninjago, the movie, the video game,
is now free on PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4
until May 21st.
So, go download it on your platform of choice
or all three like I did,
because you never know where you need free games.
And it was actually pretty good.
I actually purchased this one on the Switch
a while back for my kids,
so I did play a little bit of it.
And the Lego games are pretty good.
I love the movie.
And then, let's see.
So, we're kind of wondering, you know,
what are these other companies going to be doing,
you know, for upcoming events and game announcements
since we don't really have like a formalized E3?
Well, we now know at least what Ubisoft's doing.
So, they have a Ubisoft Forward event
that's coming out on July 12th
that they're going to talk about their game reveals
and news and whatnot.
So, that's going to be happening.
It looks like 12 p.m. Pacific, 8 p.m. UK,
on the 12th of July.
So, neat.
I always look forward to those.
They're usually, out of the third-party companies,
they seem to be kind of the more,
the best one out of the group.
They get some interesting hosts sometimes.
I wonder if that'll be the case this year, too.
Yeah, I'll be curious to see how they're going to do that.
So, yeah.
Because they had like Joel McHale one year.
Aisha Tyler did it for a little bit.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Interesting trademark spotted in Europe by Capcom.
And the trademark is for Capcom Arcade Stadium.
No idea what this is,
although the trademark indicates it could be a Nintendo Switch thing.
Capcom did do an arcade compilation
on the PlayStation 3, I want to say,
and that probably was on the 360 as well.
So, there is that.
I don't know if this is some type of port or update to that
that's going to be on the Nintendo Switch.
It definitely sounds like a compilation of some sort.
Doesn't it?
Yeah, it sounds like they're old school games.
I wouldn't expect things like Street Fighter
and things that they've been selling in other packages to be in there,
but I guess anything is certainly possible.
And Capcom has a lot of like old classics.
I'm still holding up for an official release of Quiz and Dragons.
Yes, I realize all the quiz questions are dated as hell at this point,
because all the questions are from like 1994
or wherever that game came out, but...
Let's get a new one then.
Yeah, right.
Can we have a new Quiz and Dragons?
Yeah, why not?
Let's get a new one.
That would be awesome.
I thought they did like a Quiz and Dragons for like...
Maybe I'm thinking of something else,
but I thought there was a game like that
that was for like 3DS or something like that.
Oh shit, maybe.
I don't know.
I missed it if there was.
Maybe Jack can help.
Also, one of those releases that came out on the Switch,
you might have forgotten that this happened,
but it was a pretty big deal.
The Panzer Dragoon remake was released on the Switch.
That was a little while ago,
and some people had some complaints that it wasn't very good
and it didn't live up to the trailer and all that stuff.
Well, they did do a big update this week.
It's up to version 1.3 now with some new options,
cheat codes, and other improvements.
Episode 0, a performance mode for 60 frames a second,
multi-button fire, Blue Dragon motion rework.
They've really gone back and tried to tweak the game based on feedback.
I have not played it myself yet to see what I think,
but I've heard that it's still not perfect,
but it's way better shaped than it was.
That was the general consensus of what I was hearing about that remake.
All right, let's travel around the world
and check out some release dates,
as small as they may be for this date and time in this era.
Loki, what's coming out in the US?
Not a whole lot.
We've got this week, it looks like Golf With Your Friends.
That's going to be on PC and Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
But, Loki, what if I don't have friends?
Well, then you can golf with nobody.
Golf with yourself.
Go golf yourself, Loki.
Go golf yourself.
That needs to be a name of a game. That's awesome.
Go golf yourself?
Can we put that on the list of dream games?
Go golf yourself.
There's been a lot of really good funny, like, what the golf and stuff like that.
That's true. Funny golf games.
They've had a few.
All right.
God, there's one.
This, man, tangent time.
So there was a golf game, actually,
that was on one of these PC gamer discs a while back
that I had gotten.
It was like a Halloween themed golf thing.
I used to love mini golf games.
Big fan of that.
Growing up near mini golf places.
But, yeah, man, I need to find that.
Anyways, other games.
They're coming out.
So the wonderful 101 remastered on PC,
Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
So that's coming out this week.
Cannibal Cuisine on PC,
Nintendo Switch.
Sounds interesting.
Biped on Nintendo Switch.
The Persistence on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
and Xbox One.
Spirit Hunter NG on Nintendo Switch.
We've got Maneater on PC,
PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Monstrum on Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
And last but not least, Saints Row,
the third remaster on PC,
PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
We have a few games trickling through in Japan.
That game you mentioned,
the Spirit Hunter NG in Japan,
is just called NG in Japan.
But it looks like a scary game on the Switch,
where it's like spirits killing people.
It seems like the type of thing Jamie would be into.
She likes those Japanese horror spirits
or killing everybody type of things.
Oh, yeah, totally.
So this is a Jamie game.
That releases in Japan this week as well
on May the 21st.
The other big release on the Switch
is a Phantasy Star Online 2,
ironically enough.
Because you know it's on the Switch in Japan.
And this is an Episode 6 deluxe package
called Cloud.
So I think it's just some type of rebundling of it
to celebrate like a new episode
that's out in Japan anyway.
And then on the PlayStation 4,
I'm trying to see if we have anything this week.
That same NG game is out as well as Phantasy Star.
So the same game is out on the PlayStation 4.
And that's really it for this week.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
Only a couple.
We have Saints Row 3 Remastered and Maneater.
That would be it.
That is it. All right.
This is the part of the show where we get into the emails.
Do you want me to do it, or you want to do it, or what?
I'm not even logged in.
Okay, well, neither am I.
Is there anything important?
I saw an email from YYR come in at the last second.
I'm logging in.
Oh, okay, good.
Because I am apparently the only one
who cleans out the inbox.
Yes, you are.
Yes, I am.
Okay, it's loading up the email for me,
and I will be happy to do that.
Okay, it's loading up the email for me,
and I will be happy to read it as soon as it freaking co-operates.
Oh, you know what?
I refresh it the moment it pops.
Okay, ready?
Yes.
Hello, LR.
Just a quick comment on last week's discussion
regarding the Xbox Series X event.
It's very easy to say, well, the games are still in development.
Maybe they're kind of early.
Maybe there isn't much to show yet.
There should be more to show in a few months, et cetera.
But here's the thing.
Microsoft and Sony seem like they're still planning
to launch their new plastic and metal boxes this holiday season.
If that means November,
that's about six months from this very moment,
and it seems like some of the games
announced we're targeting the launch window.
Now, let's get one thing straight.
Six months is plenty of time for me
to add new challenges to super multitasking.
But considering the size and scope of most AAA productions,
those games had damn better be within sight of their finish lines.
If we're six months away,
and they barely got anything to show,
then either the devs have a real problem on their hands,
or the games need to be delayed.
Anywho.
I don't want to well actually this too much,
but maybe a little bit.
But just something to keep in mind,
just something to keep in mind,
is that a lot of times the builds for E3
and the types of things that are shown at these presentations
are done quite a bit in advance.
So I don't want to deflate the point too much,
but it may be a little more in six months,
it may be like eight months, nine months,
just because these things are usually compiled and so forth,
like way more in advance.
But I get your point.
I'm not trying to detract from the point too much.
Moving forward.
Anywho, I hope you're all enjoying the show.
I'll post a link in the VoG Discord
to something fun on Friday night.
Eleven gamers have never heard of super multitasking before,
did a blind race to clear 30 challenges out of 42 in the game.
It was pretty entertaining to watch,
so if you've got some time to kill, head on over and check it out.
Best wishes to all, including the listeners.
Have a great week.
Warm regards, Aaron, YYR.
Yeah, Bobby talked about that speedrun a little bit at the end of his show,
and so now we've talked about it on our show.
But yeah, it is there in the Discord.
I didn't watch it myself, but when I heard Bobby,
I guess Bobby saw it and he was talking about it a little bit,
and so I was like, oh, that's really cool
that it showed up there in a speedrun and all that stuff,
and I think that's a great way to get the word out.
Again, the internet is sleeping on super multitasking.
That game is great.
It's just a fun little time waster but challenging thing.
It's such a good product, and this thing should be wildfire.
I hope it was well received by the speedrunners.
I'm sure it was.
So, excellent.
Oh, it was just linked in our chat room too.
Thanks, Matt.
Cool.
Wonderful.
All right, so if you want to email us in a future week,
participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to do so.
In the meantime, we have a few more stories for you
before we wrap up the show.
Loki, why don't you get to it?
All right, so we've got the news that PUBG is adding bots on PC.
So they're introducing, I guess, a ranked mode
where players can play against the best players in the world,
but every mode that's not necessarily ranked
is going to get bots to fill up the space where actual players aren't.
So they said that they're introducing the bots
due to the widening skill gap among the player base.
So it's going to allow new or bad players something easier to shoot at.
So me, me and Bobby Blackwolf get to fight bots.
I'm similar back with Titanfall as well,
because Titanfall used to have the main characters
were kind of like the Titan pilots and stuff like that,
and then you'd have these fodder characters that were around
that you would be able to easily kill to build up your experience bar
to call down your Titan and stuff.
So I don't know. It's not a big deal, I think.
See, I thought the punchline to this was going to be
they have to put bots in it to make sure that there's actually
a hundred people playing it on Stadia.
No, that's not necessarily the reason,
but they said, of course, this is just the first iteration of their bots.
In the coming months, they'll be implementing machine learning techniques
to monitor how humans play to improve them.
Of course, because it is a new thing that's being added to the game,
everybody hates it.
What? Change? We hate that.
Yes, apparently folks are not enjoying that.
But yeah, it's a thing that's happening.
I thought it would have been just because maybe
PUBG since it's been out for a while,
maybe they're not filling up their matches.
That's what I was thinking too, not to be shady,
but the reality is they used to be the only kid on the block,
and now there's tons of these types of games.
Yeah, so some of the other games,
like one we'll probably mention here in just a minute,
could probably utilize some of these AI bots
to help fill out their games when it's not necessarily doing all that great.
Well, it's doing fine, but they're not filling up as quickly as they used to.
Now, I'll give it this, the AI integration
and the whole how it's going to learn from actual human behavior.
That part's kind of cool.
I'm also not super upset about it,
although it does kind of take the thrill out of it
when it's like, oh, it's a one versus 100 match,
but they're not really all people.
But I always secretly wondered if Tetris 99 wasn't doing the same thing.
They'll never tell you.
Yeah, they'll never tell you.
They'll never tell you.
They'll never tell you.
They'll never tell you.
Yeah, they'll never tell you.
But there's a part of me that has always wondered,
like, well, they could be doing it and just not saying anything.
I don't know.
There's a lot they could be doing, yeah.
Yeah, they don't exactly show them.
Well, no, I guess they do put a leaderboard at the end,
and they show all the names.
So I guess there's that.
It could be procedurally generated names.
It's just like everyone is playing Overwatch and like...
You couldn't put conspiracy theories out there
without the receipts to back it up.
There's plenty of that going on in the world already.
It's just like Overwatch, you know,
when I was playing in some of those games,
like unranked or whatever,
and you're playing there,
and then all of a sudden the bots at the end are like,
yeah, good job, good game, good game, and stuff like that.
It's like, I can't tell if these are real people or not.
It's like, I think they're bots.
It might be.
All right.
Let's move on and talk a little bit about...
I can't believe I have the Grand Theft Auto 5 story,
but it's a busy week. What can I say?
And this is more for me than it is for Loki,
because I'm sure Loki bought Grand Theft Auto 5 on PC
a long time ago when it was first out.
But now I have it too,
because the Epic Games Store has been giving it away.
That's right. Grand Theft Auto 5 is the free game of the moment,
or free game of the week, I suppose,
on the Epic Games Store.
Actually, I'm glad we put the show together today,
because it reminded me today to go in there and get it,
because when this was first announced,
the Epic Games Store, of course, crashed,
because everybody was like,
Zomagod, free Grand Theft Auto 5,
were stampeding into the store,
and of course brought it to its knees.
So now that it's Sunday, it's very easy to get back in there and grab the game.
So that's pretty cool.
Grand Theft Auto 5, free until May 21st.
Go get it. Go get it.
Something I noticed when I did grab it today,
usually they tease what game is coming next for free.
For this one, they put, like, a bank vault that says to be announced, basically.
And that's what they did with Grand Theft Auto 5 as well.
Yeah. No, that's what I mean. That's what they did with Grand Theft Auto 5.
And it's doing it again for something else next week.
So we may, and I want to...
We may have another big title next week.
I think there's a reason they made everybody turn on the two-factor authentication all of a sudden for these.
I think we've got some big giveaways,
and they didn't want bots collecting them all.
So that's kind of interesting.
So, we'll see.
Anyway, yeah, so what else can I say?
It's free, Grand Theft Auto 5.
If you're, I mean, if you're, nothing's ever truly free.
So if you're willing to install and use the Epic Games Store,
which maybe you're not,
I'll use the store. I just won't give them my money.
I haven't, and I haven't like...
Well, I've actually given them my pay for things.
I won't give them my credit card.
But if they ever roll out the prepaid cards,
then I'll finally be able to buy Tetris Effect.
I tend to use PayPal on there, but like,
you know, I've got two-factor on that.
Oh, I didn't know they took PayPal.
I might not be opposed to using PayPal,
because then it's going through them.
I'll have to think about it.
But yeah.
I purchased, was it the last thing I just purchased on there,
just because I watch this channel,
Let's Game It Out all the time,
and he really likes to break satisfactory a bunch.
And so I got that, because it looked kind of interesting.
So I'll, you know, have to play it at some point.
But I did, yeah, I downloaded it again,
or I added to my library, Grand Theft Auto 5.
Although I have it on PC already,
and trying to get all my PC accounts,
or all my accounts for Grand Theft Auto 5,
because I got on like every platform,
is really hard to get those all merged together.
I don't play Grand Theft Auto Online,
so it's not, I mean, that's really what it's for,
but I'm wondering how this is going to work.
I guess I could just log into my Rockstar Games account,
and they'll be fine.
All right.
Well, let's move on with another story, Loki.
All right.
And then we talked a little bit about some issues with Valorant,
and their whole controversial anti-cheat system as well.
Well, apparently it's working somewhat well,
because they have banned 8,873 cheaters because of it.
So, I mean, that's something, I guess.
But yeah, I don't know.
Still, people don't like it.
Bye, cheaters.
Bye.
Yeah, because there's folks saying,
you know, I spent so much money on this crap,
and then I get banned.
What the hell, you know?
But it was a person that was on a cheating forum.
I don't know.
Like, don't cheat in games, or don't cheat in online games.
Yeah, don't cheat in online multiplayer games.
Cheat in single-player games all you want.
Yeah, just don't cheat in online games.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, one more story for you guys,
and I think this might have been a game
that Loki was referring to earlier.
It's another one of those battle royale type of games.
This may have actually, was the Culling one of the first ones
that actually did it?
It was, yeah.
So they have the Culling,
and then there was the Culling 2 that came out not too long ago,
and the Culling 2 is hot garbage
that literally no one was playing.
It was, like, completely empty.
Well, and then now we have the Culling Origins, right?
Yeah, the Culling Origins is basically the first game again,
but they kind of remastered it,
but they've re-released it with a new,
it's free to play now.
Well...
Sort of.
No.
Not exactly.
It was free to play.
You have to buy the game for $5.99 now,
so you buy the game for $5.99,
and then the developers, Aviant,
is going to be charging players a fee
if you want to play more than one match in a day.
You have to buy token packs or weekly, monthly passes
just to play the game.
Yeah, so what it was before,
so it was $5.99 before for the base game,
and then they sold skins in there,
and apparently no one was buying the skins,
and then now they're charging $5.99 for the game
and then charging for folks to play the game,
but, like...
That's not smart.
Like...
No.
If you, like, what you need to do,
like, if you believe your game,
like, honestly, this pricing model just says
your game isn't worth it.
This pricing model just says this game isn't worth it.
Because if it was worth it,
you would just charge $19.99,
which is what PUBG's been charging for a long time.
They charge more than that, right? $24.99?
Just charge $19.99 and get rid of the stupid thing.
Yeah, I don't think they can charge $19.99 for this game
because if it's anything like the calling 2 was,
it is garbage.
Then it's not worth it. Your game's not worth it.
So, yeah, I mean...
It's unfortunate.
You know, it's just coming back,
you get it that you did it first,
or you were one of the first people to do it,
but just because you did it first doesn't mean you're the best.
It certainly doesn't mean that if you were the best at one time
that you're the best now.
Let me have a very frank discussion with the creators of the culling
because I can relate to you on a certain level.
If doing it first meant you were gonna be the biggest and richest,
guess what?
We'd have people listening to this podcast.
So, take it from me, culling.
You're fucked.
You're just gonna have to enjoy your nice...
Enjoy the fans you do have, because that's what we do.
Enjoy the fans you do have,
because nickel and diming them like this and all,
that's just... It ain't gonna fly.
It's not gonna work. Take it from us.
Just because you're the oldest doesn't mean you're the most well-received.
So, it's just not a very good solution to the problem
which was that they couldn't get people interested in buying their skin packs and stuff
and so they weren't making enough money to run the servers.
Fine, I get that, but this isn't the way to do it either
because what you needed to do was instead make some more interesting items for people to buy
and do it that way.
You have to do free-to-play, especially in this space
because you have very good competition doing free-to-play
and then you have folks doing the pay-to-play stuff
but they're not charging per game.
Honestly, maybe, and I don't mean to sound like a bitch,
but maybe you should ask yourself,
is this product good enough to be taking up space on the server in the first place?
Yeah, it's just, I don't know. I don't know why anyone would try to do this
and we've seen bigger companies fail at this as well.
I mean, so, you know, Radical Heights, anyone?
I just, I don't see them succeeding.
We're gonna send our thoughts and prayers.
That's what we'll do.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Anyhow, let's move on.
If you guys have some comments or some topics that we didn't address yet
that you'd like us to, we open up the listener roundtable via the chat room
if you guys have any questions or further comment
as we interact live with you guys live on Sunday night
here at twitch.tv slash vog network
for here, our 820th episode for May the 17th.
VG Realness in Chat says,
LOL, I don't mean to sound like a bitch, but love you Rob.
Well, look, I'm just calling it like it is.
We all read this story about the culling and rolled our collective eyes.
Like it's just, it's not a good idea.
And I'm just, I'm trying to be as nice as possible about it.
But sometimes you have to show a little tough love.
Okay.
It's just, it's such a crowded space nowadays.
There's so many like light podcasting.
Remember when there were only like 15 gaming podcasts on iTunes?
Remember you've got like fricking call of duty in that space.
Now you've got, you know, not Overwatch, you've got, um,
Fortnite and you've got, um,
I would say things like Overwatch.
And I mean, I know they're not one versus a hundred.
I would still say they take,
they take the player base and those types of games.
Yeah. I mean, you've, you've got a lot of people competing in that space
and I'm sorry, but like if your game,
you're coming off a game that was just hot garbage and no one was playing it.
And now you're bringing back the old game and all you're doing is putting a
really stupid payment model on it.
I don't think anyone cares.
No one's going to come back now to be fair.
And the only credit I'm ever giving them on this is just that the eight ninety
nine that you have to pay for the game or whatever is only if you didn't know
in the original.
But still, it's just it's a stupid payment model.
I mean, you're going to,
you're going to have people trying that out once a day or whatever.
And you and granted, you could possibly earn additional credits if you come in
first with these shit.
So if you actually play a game and you find out,
hey, look, there's no one online playing this.
I mean, what's to say? Like if you get disconnected because their servers are
trash, what's to say that there's no one in the game?
I mean, I just have a feeling that people are going to check it out and they're
like, nope, I'm gonna go play something else or they're just not even going to
give it any time of day. And it's just gonna be dead.
It's just gonna be dead extremely quickly.
They're happy to backtrack or do something different.
All right. Well, do we have any last minute stories?
OK. Or Jamie, if either of you have any last minute stories.
I don't really have anything last minute.
Things kind of go a little bit back and forth, don't they?
Well, I was didn't really have a last minute story,
but this was brought to my attention just before I started the show.
So I was watching one of my game dev YouTubers and stuff talking about game jams and stuff like that.
So there's one of the things that was sponsored by that video is this thing called core,
which is this like a platform that you can build games.
And then there's like a dozen or dozens of them out there.
This one, though, I'm not it's built off of the unreal engine and all the art assets look like it's straight out of Fortnite.
I mean, it's very similar character models and very similar art assets and stuff.
But it's kind of cool, though, because they have that where you can cater to actually building multiplayer games and everything.
And it looks pretty smooth. So something I was thinking about checking out just to kind of see if my kids want to play there or something like that.
But I've heard that this like asset dumping thing is a problem, though.
Like didn't do we have a story on it last week or did I just I just read it somewhere about how like on the Nintendo Switch, people are like.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is not this is not like that.
So, OK, this is more of like this is a platform kind of think of like like a Roblox or something like that where you build stuff.
Oh, OK. OK. On that platform. Yeah.
And it's also since it's using the epic game engine or whatever or not epic games, unreal engine,
I'm starting to think maybe it's somehow affiliated with epic somehow.
I mean, the art assets look very similar. Like if you you saw a screenshot of this, you'd be like.
Is that Fortnite? Because it looks like Fortnite. So if you're interested in checking out, it's core games dot com.
And it's just you can create a free account and you play games that people made or make your own things or just play around with it and stuff like that.
Not really sure how they make money with it, but it looks neat. I don't know.
So, yeah, it's all basically like unreal engine. You can expand it with Lua or you don't want to program anything.
You can just I think they have I'm guessing maybe it's like blueprints or something, but it looked kind of cool.
You know, something mess around with. So that was something I was going to bring up because I know I will check it out.
I love the idea of using that as like a family bonding time thing. That's cool.
Well, yeah, because they like they want to like they always play.
Well, not Fortnite, but they've been playing a lot of roadblocks and doing stuff like that or playing Minecraft, skyblock and stuff like that.
So. But if they can make their own games, it's sort of like, you know, Fortnite or something like that.
I mean, the graphics look great. And I don't know exactly how it works and what you can build with it.
But like, I mean, it looks pretty. So there's at least that. All right.
Well, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap things up here at Orange Launch Radio for the night.
Thank you guys so much, though, for tuning in to our show.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
And when the voices are but without the voices here to put out on the air, you know.
So we've got to get more people here to join our little family here.
Orange Launch Radio and the Voice of Geeks Network.
We put the fun and dysfunction. That's right.
So, again, thank you, everybody who did tune to turn out tonight.
We really appreciate a five star review.
Just a simple recommendation, a link to, you know, our show on whatever podcast platform you use.
iTunes, Spotify, Google Podcasts, whatever it is you're using.
Help us spread the word.
An auto host on iTunes. An auto host on Twitch goes an awful long way as well.
So we really appreciate those for those of you that auto host the Voice of Geeks Network.
Really, really appreciate that as well.
Quick plug for something I'm doing on the side.
We talked about this on Bobby's show a little bit, but I want to mention it here.
On my personal Twitch channel at Rob Roberts, on Wednesday night,
myself and my buddy Arya Snark from Shaking and Crying,
we are going to have a watch party of the Birdcage.
And you're all invited.
If you do want to watch the movie with it, like we can't broadcast the movie,
but we're using Twitch watch parties to do it.
So if you have an Amazon Prime account, you can watch the movie along with us.
Otherwise, if you have like a DVD copy or you have the movie another way,
we will say start the movie now.
We'll do that whole type of thing.
I have it on Apple TV myself, so maybe I'll do it with you.
Perfect. Perfect.
So yeah, if you want to watch along with technology, you can use Amazon Prime.
If you want to do it by hitting play at the same time, that's fine too.
Like if you're like a second out of sync, it's not going to be a big deal.
Come on. It's the Birdcage.
We're going to watch camp movies because that's what's fun.
Can you believe I've never seen it?
Oh my gosh.
Right?
Yeah. Well, you know what's funny?
We're starting to already plot out like if we have fun doing it and it goes as well.
So we think it's going to do and we turn this into a weekly thing.
We're plotting out what movies we want to do next.
And we're finding like there's stuff where like Victoria hasn't seen it.
And I'm like, girl.
And there's only anti meme is on your list.
There's I don't think it is yet.
But what was that?
Is that on prime?
Because I don't know.
Yeah, we're restricted to the meme should be required to watch.
I know. I know.
But like if Paris is burning was there, we'd be doing that in a heartbeat.
You know, there's just not everything is on Amazon Prime.
But and I said this, too, if it does well enough and we're like, you know,
maybe we need to do this for not just movies that are on Amazon Prime.
We will record podcast commentary tracks that you can use for.
And then we can do things like any name.
Paris is burning and things like that.
So we'll see, though. We'll see.
All right.
As you wonder, Matt says, here is the real question is sleepaway camp on it.
No. And I checked.
But there are some cheesy horror movies.
And the rotation on Prime is always changing.
So you never know. Anyway, you know what?
If you ever do a serious movie and I am so obsessed right now with Midsommar,
I would love to see you guys react to it.
But it would be really, really hard to do, I think, for a live stream.
I haven't seen that movie yet.
And I'm a little afraid because I've heard things.
Is the Nicolas Cage version of the Wicker Man on there?
Because that would be awesome.
I don't believe it is. Nifty 805 says showgirls, showgirls, showgirls.
We would be there in a heartbeat again if it was on Amazon.
You don't know shit.
But my favorite movie of all time is on Amazon Prime.
And so that will definitely be in the rotation in the next couple of weeks.
We'll leave it at that. Anyhow, let's wrap up the show.
I know what it is.
Enough about me. Let's talk to my other hosts and wrap things up.
So that'll count as my final thought because I give a nice big plug there.
So, Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
I was actually planning on doing a live tweet of me watching Hereditary for the first time
because I haven't seen it.
That is on Prime as well, I think.
Is it? I mean, I've got Prime, but I already bought it on Apple TV+.
So I did it when I watched Midsommar.
And of course, I've seen Midsommar now like a bunch of times since then
because it's like the best movie if I want to cry or something.
But I would love to have people there to see me kind of freak out a little bit
over really weird, mentally disturbing stuff.
Fun!
Alright.
Well, you know what I like. I play Silent Hill for fun.
I know. It was good to have you back tonight, Jamie.
It was good to be back.
Good. I'm glad to hear it.
And last, but certainly not least, Loki, what's your final thought tonight?
My final thought is, has Jamie seen the trailer for Medium yet? Or The Medium?
No.
You need to go watch the trailer for The Medium.
It's a new game that's coming out by the folks that did the Blair Witch project game on Xbox.
And it's a very Silent Hill-esque type game and it has music by Kiryamaoka in it.
You know what? I did hear of that.
Gosh, what's it on?
Xbox, but that means Windows 10 too.
Okay. Well then, yeah, I can do it here.
Okay, cool. Yeah, thanks for letting me know.
Alright.
Well, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting the show.
Have a great week, everybody.
Stay safe.
I know things are crazy right now, but enjoy a game.
Be well.
We're wishing you all the best.
I know it's just like crazy times.
I'm glad we could at least have these few hours together every Sunday night throughout all of it.
So, that's really all I've got.
We'll see you next time in seven days.
Good night, everybody.
Until next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
Music.
