This week Xbox Game Pass, the Netflix of Xbox and PC games crosses 10 million subscribers.
On the cusp of a new gaming generation, PS Now and Game Pass seem to be settling in to
change game purchasing.
This is just one headline from the week's news, stay tuned for more, starting right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number
818 for this May the 3rd of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am all alone here in Studio N7 because like many folks
in the world, we're doing the social distance thing right now so I'm here to talk about
video games and on Discord are my pals DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I'm emotionally distant.
Emotionally distant, well glad you're able to get close enough to do the show tonight
with us.
How's your week been?
It's been, I'm back at work, mostly able to finish a day so not too bad, I got a rotation
that will hopefully lead to a full promotion so I start training on tomorrow and I'm nervous
sighted about it.
It's progress at least, glad to hear that things have been improving since I know you
were really sick and congratulations once again on the promotion.
I think we talked a little bit about that last week but congrats again.
All the same.
Thanks.
Hey, I know one thing I wanted to ask you about was, because you talked about it weeks
ago on the show, your apocalypse garden that you've decided to start amongst this whole
thing because I have to admit, I don't know if it's Animal Crossing or what, but all of
a sudden I've been like, I need to try to grow more flowers and all this stuff and I'm
just like, ooh, gardening.
So how's that going for you?
It's going pretty well.
Of course, some of my seedlings died, my tomatoes all died because I need a shadier place to
put them in.
Oh, I hit the wrong button.
Anyway, I have a spinach that survived.
I have two rainbow carrots that survived.
I have four cucumbers.
One of them isn't doing so well.
I have some chives.
I have my shiso finally died.
I feel bad about it because it was delicious.
And actually, I have basil that's now potted and I would gladly leave one or two on your
doorstep.
Oh, that's a long trip, though, for that.
No, we'll see.
Quickly, just going to our chat room, because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night
at the voice geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
We're on live Sundays at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show.
And fifth dream today in our chat is saying, I'm like, what?
There aren't tomatoes in Animal Crossing.
No, believe it or not, we're talking about like real gardening, because what's interesting
how sometimes it may take a video game to kind of make you think about, oh, I should
like do this IRL.
And I'm not saying necessarily dark soccer was inspired by well, I shouldn't speak for
you.
Were you inspired in part by Animal Crossing for gardening?
Really?
I had wanted to try my hand at vegetables and I've grown tomatoes and cucumbers before.
And Dan was kind of on a pickle kick for a little bit.
So I decided just to start growing things I had already ordered the seeds before Animal
Crossing was out.
And I had I actually had them in the sprouting container.
I want to say like, I put them in to sprout them like a day before Animal Crossing came
out.
And Bobby Black Wolf is going to take that back before that it was well before that Bobby
Black Wolf is reminding us that the tomato update is next month in Animal Crossing.
Well, I mean, if leaks are to be believed, which leaks so far here, right, but a bump
pun, if the leaks are to be believed, we will be getting vegetables in Animal Crossing.
We don't know when we're waiting for Nintendo to confirm it.
And everything should be considered a rumor until Nintendo confirms it.
But it would seem it would seem likely.
And I think we had a story last week on the show that Animal Crossing has a path for regular
updates for some time.
And it would make a lot of sense for sure for that game.
So why not bring on the vegetables?
The coding hasn't lied so far.
Yeah.
I'm completely correct about Red being on a ship.
Yeah, which isn't something you might be able to guess otherwise, because that was new.
He wasn't on a ship before.
Exactly.
And the little bit of coding about Rover, we saw how that worked out this week.
Mm hmm.
So, so you're saying.
All right.
Well, also joining us, of course, right now via Discord.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
I was going to say, you feel tired.
Oh, you know, like it's it's I've been reading up on this because it's been doing a number.
This whole quarantine thing has been doing a number on me as well.
And I've I've been trying to go out and like be more active and stuff and actually make
sure I'm walking every day and that sort of thing.
But I still like I just I'm so freaking tired.
But there is there is a science to it.
There's reasons why, like, you know, some of the things that your body's kind of going
through is you are in general just kind of not being as active if for some reason just
kind of like makes you tired.
So like, I feel you.
I'm right there.
I take I had I had a day a couple of weeks ago where I took three naps like it.
It's crazy.
Right.
I remember those times.
All right.
Yeah.
That's true.
I don't have kids, but I do have Mr. Smoosh.
And believe me, he will wake you up as well.
Any projects you've been working on in this, you know, quarantine time?
No, not really.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I didn't really work on my game this week too much.
Just by the time I get, you know, after that day, like working and everything, it's just
like I'm just drained.
I can't concentrate enough to like actually do programing and stuff.
And normally I would leave that to like one of the weekends, weekend days, I guess.
So I had done everything that I normally would spread out across two days yesterday.
And I was hoping to get that done today, but then it just didn't happen because I ended
up having to help me some with his like school project.
And then I cooked meatball subs.
So I had to make garlic bread and stuff like that.
So I don't know.
OK.
So Chef Loki is still a thing because it's actually being asked in chat.
Gripper 02 in chat is asking, so is Loki making his own pizzas now?
But, you know, cooking with Loki is still a thing.
I could, but like I just haven't been doing anything like that.
We ordered out this week a little bit, so we did that a few times.
But no, I haven't been able to make pizzas, but I've been like cooking a lot of things
like a few things each week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We have to eat out here and there too, just to kind of break the monotony of cooking at
home.
And it's a fine line to get.
Like we have to do like a little bit of everything because I'm kind of like it's so much cheaper
if you just go to the restaurant and pick it up.
But then it's like, well, you still want to be able to help the drivers that are trying
to get by.
But those companies take such a huge share.
So it's like, what's the you know.
So we just we tried to do a little bit of everything, but not too much of one thing.
I think that's all you can do.
Exactly.
All right.
Let's see.
S2100 Matt says Loki is not at the stage where he is rolling white bread into stick form
and dipping it in spaghetti sauce to make breadsticks.
No, we're not there yet.
I mean, the pizza place you always go to isn't closed.
So you can still go there.
No, it's not.
And they keep bugging me every single day that they want me to order something.
I'm like, no, no, I'm not going to do that every day.
Some places are opening up all of a sudden, like some places during, you know, when the
shutdowns all started, not every restaurant necessarily opened for for takeout and delivery.
Some just stayed closed, but just on May 1st, some have been opening back up.
For example, you know, I don't want to I don't want to give him a free ad, but we ordered
from an ancient pasta factory that had stopped that they weren't open for the last month
or so.
But they just started again, I guess, on on May 1st.
And there's a more local chain.
I'll shout them out because they're local, the Moss Taco Bar.
They just started again on May 1st.
So it's it's interesting how some places kind of have just had to accept, like, you know,
maybe they were going to be able to be closed for a month.
But now it's like, oh, we we kind of have to do this for a little bit or whatever.
We had new stores even opening up over here.
So like we just got a five guys down the street.
So that's another option.
And there's a gym boys opening up over there, too, right next door.
So I was like almost went over there today, but then I made the garlic bread stuff.
So I didn't end up doing that.
And Bobby Blackwell says people got rent to pay.
Yeah, that's true. I mean, some people may not have foreseen this lasting as long as
it has.
And, you know, it's well, I keep saying it's going to go on longer.
But, you know, if you've listened to the whole, like, staged reopening thing, restaurants,
I believe in one of the recent governor because we're all in California, so one of the recent
governor knew some updates.
He said restaurants in some form should be a few days away, although it'll be, you know,
reduced occupancy.
And, you know, our work has already said, like, basically, even if if they were to lift
the restrictions tomorrow when this was on Friday, so they're going to lift the restrictions
tomorrow.
We wouldn't go back to work until the very earliest the end of June.
So right now it's looking like at least the end of June.
Yeah.
We're probably much later.
My work has been asking people if they were ready to go back and fully accepting if they
said no.
Yeah.
My work has basically said we're not going to mandate anyone goes back until there's
a cure or a vaccine.
So I mean, knock on plastic is what I have here in the studio.
We're all very fortunate.
I know a lot of people out there, you know, do not have as flexible work scenario.
So believe me, I know I'm very, very lucky in this whole scenario.
And that's why I'm trying to support every little thing.
I get a little driver over here, arrest a local restaurant over here and so forth.
But you know, just staying home at the end of the day is the most important thing.
Because we do live in the capital of California.
I'm sure you've seen what's been going on downtown in the news.
I want no shape or part of that.
So I am going to stay right here in my nice little part of suburbia where I am.
And I think that's the best we can do for right now.
All right.
Anyway, obviously, one thing we do when we're inside is we play a lot of video games.
And so of course, here on this program, we sit and talk about video games for a few hours
every week with all of you guys in our chat room who care to join us live Sunday nights
at the Voice of Geeks network.
But of course, our show is free in an audio only podcast forum as well as our podcast
has existed.
You know, the audio show has existed for like 18 years now, just about.
So we don't plan on that going away anytime soon.
If you want to participate that way, send us feedback throughout the week either at
vog network.com.
You can leave comments on prior episodes.
You can always email us participate at orange launch radio.com.
Or you can send us a tweet at OLR many different ways to interact with us throughout the week,
even if you aren't able to make it here live on Sunday night, because I know even with
people locked down at home, but there's still a lot of other Yeah, there's other things
you might have a regular zoom call that you're doing.
Maybe you got a usual meeting or a church thing you used to do on Sundays.
Now that's kind of virtual.
So I know you can't always be here live.
Although I have heard now some people and this has kind of been happening to me too.
Some people are falling way behind on their podcasts, because commuting was a place that
they and that was me like I used to listen to the podcast I would listen to when I would
commute to work.
And now that's kind of like not a thing.
So I've fallen behind a little bit, although I've, I try to listen to some while I play
MMOs.
I will do like crafting gathering in an MMO, which is very mindless and listen to podcasts.
So you know, if you're able to join us great, if not, I understand these are crazy times
right now.
But we're gonna talk about the news with you guys.
We are not here to report the news.
Because I think you guys, you know, if you're, if you're perceptive enough to find a gaming
podcast, you probably already have your finger on the pulse of games a little bit.
But we're here to talk about it.
I'm giving this longer spiel because it's been a few months since I've introduced OLR.
So just to remind people, this show was formed.
Because the three of us, we all met playing a little arcade game called Dance Dance Revolution
at the arcade.
And we used to go to a local restaurant and eat dinner.
We would eat very healthy mozzarella sticks, but it's okay because we burn off the calories
playing DDR.
And then we would just talk smack, but like in a good way, not always like a negative
way, about our constructive way, about one of our favorite hobbies, which is video games.
And so we kind of took that to the virtual world.
So welcome to our dinner table.
I'm sorry, I'm out of food.
Anyhow, let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight, which has to do with a big upcoming
video game.
I don't know if you want to take this one, Loki, but there's been a lot of news on this
game this week.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
So there's, of course, there's large big name games coming out, especially those from Sony,
which we've seen for a few E3s now, and we've been patiently waiting for them to actually
release it.
And unfortunately, because of things being the way they are, people just can't leave
spoilers out there or can't leave them to themselves.
So of course, allegedly, someone hacked Sony possibly to get some information about The
Last of Us 2 and have leaked that information out onto the Internet.
So it is widely out there now.
Thankfully, it seems to be that the people that are responsible for it are not affiliated
with Naughty Dog or Sony Interactive Entertainment.
However, they have an ongoing investigation to figure out what's going on with it, but
they do know who did it.
So that's kind of interesting.
And Bobby's clarifying in our chat that it was not a hack.
It was an NDA being broken by an outsourced company.
And to be fair on this whole situation, the narrative behind it has been changing a lot
as the week's been going on.
And I think social media is probably playing into that a little bit.
And you got the game of telephone going on because I know when this originally hit, it
was scorned Naughty Dog employee due to the conditions at Naughty Dog, which is a fair
issue and a separate issue.
I'll just say that. But it leaked this whole thing to get back at their employer and all
this stuff. And so the narrative has really been shifting as the week has been going on.
But it sounds like now it's this whole, well, it didn't happen from within Sony and it
didn't happen from within Naughty Dog, but it was definitely obviously it was somebody
they were working with.
Because like what I saw online, I mean, just recently there was another article posted
about how someone had gotten access to the Amazon cloud servers, I guess, Amazon servers
for Naughty Dog Games, which had development code for Uncharted 3, The Last of Us and
access to servers for multiplayer functionality.
And apparently they were able to use that to fetch files from The Last of Us 2.
So I don't know, maybe that was part of it, but whatever the case may be, we don't need
to know how it happened, but it just has happened.
And so, you know, that does suck that that's out there, especially for those folks who
are really interested in playing the game.
I haven't played The Last of Us, so I mean, it'd be unfortunate if I found out spoilers,
but like I wouldn't have any context to it.
Yeah, I did see the spoilers because I made, and I will not say them here, that would be
a dick thing to do, but I made the mistake of going to Twitter and looking at the replies
to one of the threads.
And of course, you know, people are in there and they're shouting out the spoilers because
some people are just the worst, trademark, at Twitter.
Although I did notice, I mean, it wasn't happening instantly, but I did notice that Naughty
Dog and Sony were using that new Twitter functionality, which I didn't even, I kind
of forgot it was a thing because I never saw it being used, but they were using that new
functionality where you can hide certain replies.
So they were using it to suppress some of the people that were posting spoilers, but
you know, tweets fly so fast that so many people were posting them.
And you know how shitty people are.
Like unfortunately, there are shitty people out there that were just searching for anybody
talking about The Last of Us on Twitter and would just reply saying, hey, bet you can't
wait for a blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, and that whole thing.
So I mean, it's, it's, it's shitty.
I would hope now, like Loki, I don't play the, I never got really invested in that series.
I know people do.
I would hope that even if I were to see the ultimate spoiler, you know, even if I were
to see Darth Vader is Luke's father, which, okay, I know you're all going to go, oh my
God.
1977?
I know, I know.
I know you all are going to feign shock, but give me a break.
Okay.
The movie is how old?
May the fourth is tomorrow.
If y'all didn't know, y'all didn't, y'all were never going to care.
So is that, but anyway, if, if, um, now where was I going with all that?
Oh yeah.
Even if you know that like Darth Vader is Luke's father, well, I think, okay, many kids
have grown up just knowing that as a way of life, right?
That yes, Darth Vader is Luke, Luke's father, but that doesn't ruin Star Wars.
Like you can still enjoy at least the first three movies.
I realize people may have varying opinions on the movies after that, but I think in general,
most people at least enjoy some people straight up fan boy.
Some people are like, it's all right.
You know, everybody's got their varying opinions.
Fine.
But I think for the most nowadays, the equivalent of that would be like Ray's lineage, I guess,
since you know, everybody knows who, uh, what Luke's lineage is.
Well, actually, actually I never saw the later movies, so don't spoil that one.
Right.
I remember his name.
Yeah.
But although that was a very forced twist and it was, here's the thing, here's the thing.
Even it was force.
I'm sorry.
Am I hosting with dark Sakura or the 23rd Magus?
Who is this on the line right now?
Old OLR joke.
Old OLR joke.
Okay.
So, um, I wasn't gonna say, Oh yes.
Even if, even if I did have it spoiled, whatever those movies still ought to be good.
While you still know that, right?
Like you can still watch those movies and relatively enjoy them, even though you know
the big spoiler at the end.
Right.
So I would hope, and I'm not forgiving the spoilers.
Don't get me wrong.
If you're out there and I doubt anybody listening to this show is one of those people, but who
knows who stumbles upon us randomly on Twitter or Twitch.
If you're one of those people that's out there, like randomly posting spoilers, I'm not excusing
you.
You're a Dick like straight up.
But, um, I, I would think that the experience can still be a good one for people.
I hope people don't get too, too distraught if they have been spoiled and who knows, you
know, um, they're now trying to say pre-release maybe something, maybe delays happen because
there was a change.
I mean, I think they're trying to maybe, you know, missed people a little bit with what's
going on, but there could be a change or could be something that happens, who knows?
So, um, the game should still be enjoyable, I would think.
So I'm hoping if you did get accidentally spoiled on Twitter or whatever, that it doesn't
ruin the whole damn thing for you.
Don't, don't let those people have that kind of power over you, I guess.
So let's see, um, I'm looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Bobby says, my friend was so excited to show star Wars to his six year old son and the
kid was like, Oh, he's Luke's father because he heard it at school.
My friend was crushed because he was excited to see the reaction, ah, other kids, man,
other people's kids.
All right.
What can you do?
Um, let's see.
I know what I can do.
What's that have any not have, Oh, not, not, I don't contribute to the other people's kids
when I'm the other people.
There you go.
There you go.
Um, let's see.
I would, I would rather be that crazy uncle, uh, that shows the kid, the movie that his
parents don't want him to see my uncle, he took me to see poltergeist when I was little
hope, hopefully melody is not watching, but I will tell you what, why, by the way, happy
birthday Charlotte.
Cause her birthday was just like yesterday.
Um, but when that child is older, I probably will take her to her first star rated movie,
but hopefully melody.
Didn't hear that.
All right.
Anyway.
Yeah.
That's and that's, that's the life for me.
So anyway.
Uh, last of us to those spoilers suck, but the game is still coming out, right?
And you know, I'm sure it'll still sell very well.
Right?
Loki.
I would assume so.
I would assume so as well.
Um, so what do you think is ultimately going to happen with this?
Cause I th I think the obvious answer is that a huge lawsuit is going to happen.
We're going to see, I mean, it's funny cause when Bobby was covering this topic on his
show, some people were saying, are they going to go to jail?
You know, which I understand not everybody necessarily, you know, gamer jail, gamer jail.
It's going to get tricky because well, their careers are going to go to jail.
That's how it was, how it was leaked out.
If it was a violation of an NDA, then they might get fired from the company that they
worked for might have some sort of repercussions there.
If it was God, you know, from like hacking or something like that, then there's the whole
cyber intrusion stuff.
I think no matter, I think no matter what, you're going to see a lawsuit come of this
because I'm assuming an NDA was broken.
Let's go, let's go with the whole, um, eighth of a vendor that was working maybe for localization
or QA or something in another country, uh, was the one that ultimately leaked this.
Let's say it was that.
Um, then I think yours for certainly going to see a breach of contract lawsuit and I
think you're going to see one so big that it's probably going to shut down whatever
company it was because no, no, nobody else is going to want to work with that company
in the future.
And it kind of sucks like how much one person's actions have like screwed other people.
Um, and I think you're certainly going to see a huge lawsuit come of that.
But the interesting thing is, let's say it is this foreign issue where the companies
in Germany or what have you, and you know, the, uh, nod dog is in the States.
Then you're going to have that whole like weird international law stuff come into play,
which is a whole other mess.
Right.
So I don't know what happens in that case because I don't know if we've had a lot of
precedent for that type of thing.
Um, it's still a universal thing.
It is.
I mean, and they could sue them in a German court, I guess ultimately, I guess it would
depend on where that contract was executed.
Ultimately.
Um, I would think that even if it's a German country, it probably has hold or it has some
type of presence in the U S but you know, again, I don't, I don't really know and I'm
not going to pretend to know that stuff.
I just think it's for sure.
We're going to see a lawsuit and I don't know if we've seen something like that in the gaming
industry before.
I'm trying to think if we've ever had, like, I think we've had threats of it and I can't
think of a time.
Maybe this is where I need chats help.
I can't think of a time where one of these like breach of contract issues actually went
to court, but I think we're going to see it here and this is going to be a very interesting
new ish kind of thing.
So um, see a Tiberian chat says if someone from top chef breaks the law, would they go
to jail?
Simmons?
Um, you know, uh, speaking of reality shows though, there was, you know, you guys all
know I, I enjoy survivor and those types of shows and uh, it's kind of like a known fact
that, uh, well, you know, fat fact in quotes, allegedly protect myself here, allegedly a
former contestant, uh, who was kind of a no notorious villain on the show who got to the
finals twice and still never won, uh, and who continues to bully Sandra D S twine on
Twitter to this day, uh, because he's so butthurt about it, uh, apparently spoiled like three
seasons of the show, uh, and has yet to really face any repercussions from it.
Um, even though in those reality show contracts, if you break the survivor contract, you're
on the hook for like $5 million or something like that.
It's a lot of money.
You know, those shows are not cheap to produce and you know, spoilers can ruin everything.
So anyway, um, I'll be seeing that this is for Mark and Boone.
They were robbed.
Yeah.
Speaking of reality shows.
Yeah.
People very invested in Lego masters in these times.
Yes, yes, yes.
I've watched actually talking about catching up on, uh, uh, podcasting and stuff like that.
I've been watching a lot of the, uh, different, uh, behind the brick in like different podcasts
and YouTube shows with, uh, Mark and Boone and stuff.
And actually funny enough, uh, Mark and Boone, uh, I think it was Boone actually.
He does a YouTube show about Legos and I mean, a lot of these guys that are on the show have
their own YouTube stuff.
They're all like really cool with it.
I mean, like as far as who won and stuff, I think a lot of it, they said that the judging
was fair.
Um, that I think a lot of it is just how they kind of cut and edit the show.
Um, because like, I know one of the guys, um, Oh God, it was, uh, the guy, the one of
the finalists with Amy or, uh, I can't remember them, but there's one dude that like, I would
annoy the hell out of me at first and like, I hated him and then like it got better throughout
the rest of the show.
And then you see like after the fact and it's like, okay, yeah, he's pretty cool.
Um, but the way that they kind of edit it and in a way that made it look like he was
just like a complete douchebag.
So I don't know.
It's creative editing, the manufactured drama.
Um, you know, and, and, and this is an important lesson about reality TV, which I'm not sure
if this really directly ties to games, but we'll talk about it anyway.
Um, and this is especially true on drag race.
Whoops.
I'm sorry.
I'm bringing up drag race at the top of the show, but it's important because I bet the
same thing will apply to Lego masters or any of your favorite reality TV shows.
Um, winning American idol being another huge one, winning doesn't necessarily mean winning.
Okay.
It's not whether you win or lose.
It's what you do with the opportunity that's been presented to you.
Uh, if you want to go to drag race, ask Tyra Sanchez who won season two, what she's doing
these days.
And then look at some of her peers like Raven, uh, Juju B Pandora box and where they're at,
uh, or season seven is another great example.
Look at Violet Chachki.
Although don't get me wrong.
Violet Chachki is actually really cool and I love her looks, but where you look at where
her needle is at versus Trixie Mattel and Katya who are also on that season and where
their needles are at.
For the record, um, Violet Chachki is doing a lot of work with, um, uh, the actual fashion
world, uh, working as a model and doing, uh, uh, a lot of, uh, design work.
Totally get that.
But, and I'm not trying to shade her and I'm sorry if it made it, if I made it sound like
I'm putting her on the same level as Tyra, however, if I were to compare her bank account
to Trixie and Katya, she's doing very well.
She's doing well, but is she doing as good as Trixie and Katya?
Yeah, actually I highly doubt that, but I guess we'll never know.
I think, uh, you might be a little contrarian there, but that's all right.
No, no, I've actually been, been following her for some time.
She's actually doing quite well.
I'm doing some work for Gotye.
Okay.
I'd be, I'd be curious about her YouTube views next to Trixie and Katya and what they do,
but yeah, it's all right.
Well, YouTube isn't a measure of fame and success.
Well, um, yeah, of course there's those, uh, concerts and the ticket sales and so forth.
Um, but you know, it's a different, it's a different path that, uh, they're walking.
That's for sure.
Um, or American Idol.
Uh, I think, uh, again, a huge example from that would be, um, Oh my God, why can't I
hear me?
Just, uh, Hudson, Jennifer Hudson.
Uh, and she won a freaking Oscar.
Uh, she didn't win that show.
Uh, and who won her season quick?
Who won the season?
Jennifer Hudson was on, it was Fantasia Fantasia did Fantasia did okay.
Uh, and you know, she, well, I shouldn't say, okay, she did very well, but she didn't win
an Oscar like Jennifer Hudson did.
So again, it doesn't matter like what you like do with the win.
It's what you do with the exposure.
And some winners do very well.
Look at Kelly Clarkson, look at, um, Carrie Underwood, you know, some winners sometimes
do very well anyway, but back to back to the subject at hand about the last of us to hopefully
all these spoilers and these things do not cut into sales tremendously.
Uh, that would be a very, very, very sad thing.
Um, and I, I don't think that'll happen.
I think there's enough fans of the last of us where this is still going to sell very
well.
Uh, we'll have to see how the like COVID and all that situation kind of plays into it.
But seeing as it's boosted, um, which is as much as the situation sucks, it's boosted
things like animal crossing and it's boosted things like, um, Final Fantasy seven remake
and some of those figures we talked about last week, the last of us to only stands to
do pretty well.
All right.
So let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we
have been playing this week.
And we'll start with, okay.
So it looks like dark soccer stepped away for a second.
So actually, uh, Loki, I'm going to start with you.
All right.
So, um, I didn't play a whole ton of things this week.
Uh, well actually maybe we did.
So I played a little bit of, uh, earth defense force, iron rain again.
So I've been playing through that.
I think I'm a little bit more than halfway through that now.
Um, I picked up a few games on the steam well, it's not really a sale, but they had like
stuff marked down, um, so I've been playing guts and glory.
And if you're not familiar with guts and glory, guts and glory is like a 3d version of, uh,
happy wheels.
So it's an incredibly violent, um, physics based kind of obstacle course vehicle game.
And uh, so I, and it's, it's pretty violent.
Um, so, uh, that's been fun.
And then of course, uh, when playing a little bit of step mania as well, um, even more songs
on the cabin actually started building my own songs, but it's been so long since I've
used the step mania, like, uh, editor to actually make stuff that I'm so kind of ran
into a little bit of a learning curve with it, just trying to get songs synced up and
everything correctly.
Cause I was trying to get it like extremely like perfect right on.
But then again, you know, I don't, I'm not exactly going to be scoring any triple A's
on anything.
So I don't know how well I can sync stuff up, but I'm gonna just do my best on that.
Um, so I have a few songs picked out for that and been working on, um, you know, that sort
of thing.
And uh, that's, uh, Orna, lots of Orna, um, still playing that and almost, I don't know.
I think I'm almost to 170 now on that.
Um, so just try and make it up to 175 so I can get some, uh, Oh no, still 169.
Are you holding onto a ton of orange to unlock a new class at 175?
I'm still trying to get the class at 150, even though my character's like 164, 165.
I'm uh, I've only got like 746,000 orange right now.
So I don't have enough to like even close to getting the next class cause I think it's
at 2 million, but I don't know.
I don't really care.
I mean the next class doesn't look all that great anyways.
There's just more attack power and more HP I guess.
That stuff goes a long way though.
Like my God, when I finally upped from a, what was it, sword master or whatever it was
to druid.
No, the other way around druid to like sort of whatever, whatever the hell I am now.
Uh, it's, it was a huge, like I'm actually able to take things out now.
Like I was really struggling before.
I've got my, my brand new bad ass weapon that I'm leveling up.
So my current weapon that I was using is like an attack of like 550 or something like that.
And the new one is like 700 something.
So I mean, just that alone is like way more than the class as it is.
Um, although damage wise, it doesn't really seem to make much of a difference, which is
kind of funny.
Um, so I just have to wait for that to be done.
It's up, well it's been leveled up to level 10 and still got about a day and a half left
on that.
Um, and then everything else has been kind of being leveled up as it goes.
And I don't know, I've been just trying to get as much as I can.
I've got like, I've got to start doing more arenas because I have like 500 arena tokens
because I buy them every time that they come into the store.
Um, so I don't know.
I've been just trying to play a lot, doing the daily quests.
All right.
Is that it for your gaming week?
That's it.
All right.
I will go to my gaming week.
So I've been continuing to play Animal Crossing.
Of course, a lot, a lot of Animal Crossing.
Bummer Jamie had to walk away for a minute cause I'm sure we could geek out about Animal
Crossing.
We'll do that a little later.
I've been working on my gardens, um, uh, in Animal Crossing and trying to set up, I think
I only have one more like a flower I really need to work on crossbreeding and growing
and all that stuff.
Uh, and I'll get around to that at some point.
Um, I've actually been trying to work a little more with terraforming.
I'm not trying to go too crazy, but like, I didn't want to like redo my island completely
or any of that.
I'm very much like, I'll just kind of work with what I got, but like I wanted to make
one of my cliff areas where my garden is just a little bit bigger.
So I like added a couple more squares around the side and I kind of did that whole thing
with the terraforming.
So I was working with that a little bit and otherwise just, um, you know, just signing
in visiting my friends towns to pick up do it yourself patterns or the various visitors
that are there and see what's going on and so forth.
It's still a fun social game.
Um, speaking of social stuff, I'm still playing Final Fantasy 14 even though, you know, it's
kind of a lull between patches right now, but just trying to grind out the tomes and
make sure I can buy the highest level gear that's available with the tomes that you get
every week.
So there's that.
And then continuing on with things like Orna, we just talked about and Pokemon Go, which
just launched the remote rating right and Pokemon Go.
So I actually finally got to do one of those remote raids.
So in the little chat group, which I haven't been very good at checking in on a lot lately,
they were like, oh, we're going to do this park.
And it's a park that like, it's it's far enough away where it is on my radar, but it's like
so far away.
It's like that grayish color that like it's fading into the horizon.
It's so far away.
So yeah, I'm able to get it barely.
So we raided at that gym.
And that was kind of nice to just see that whole remote thing in action.
And then what we did, we walked over to the park that's like right near me, that has a
gym.
Alan and I walked over there and we were the only ones there.
And there were like 15 accounts in the gym, all fighting.
And usually you'd be like, spoofer, boo, spoofer, but obviously it's a very different world
we're in now.
You have sanctioned spoofing essentially within the game.
So that's been kind of interesting.
Otherwise, I'm trying to do those Kanto quests that are going on right now and I'm stuck
on one of them, which ironically I think is raiding.
I just need to wait for like a one star to pop up as a remote raid and do it.
And then to finish the location game talk, I spent a little time yesterday with Ingress
because they did a virtual event.
So, you know, Ingress is very much a game that is played out in the real world.
And back in October, I was talking about a live event that happened here in Sacramento
that had like 300, 400 people all playing the game downtown and having a good time and
all that stuff.
Obviously, our world is not built for that right now.
They pretty regularly will do these events called First Saturday, where like a small
group of maybe 50 people will get together and play the game on the first Saturday of
the month, explore a new town, do some missions, just kind of have fun in the sun.
Obviously, our current world state doesn't lend well to that model.
So they did the first virtual First Saturday this past weekend.
And that was kind of neat.
It was different.
We hung out on a Zoom call and we all recharged portals.
But then we did like a group OPR or Niantic Wayfarer, right?
So we all went in there and reviewed things together as a group.
And that was actually kind of fun to talk about that with people from the other faction
to kind of get a sense of where their head is at.
And some of the things we agree on and we don't agree on always when it comes to and
everybody was cordial.
Nobody was like, you're wrong, you know, but we kind of talked about, oh, I don't know
if I would view it that way.
I might have one starred that because this or whatever it is.
So it was nice to be able to talk about that.
And it was really funny because some of the same submissions would come up.
Like three of us got this submission called Dad's Computer that was showing up.
And it was legit, probably a nine year old who took a screenshot of a computer screen
on Google and was trying to submit that as a pokey stop.
Oh, I forgot to mention.
So remember how I had submitted that, like the pokey stop request for like or Ingress,
I guess it was back a long time ago for that code Ninja's place.
Finally, almost a year later, they finally rejected it.
It took a whole year.
Can you talk about something for a minute?
I need to handle something.
Yeah.
So it was ridiculous, because I was like, you know, what is going on?
And trying to get a response to at least say, OK, is this going to pass or not, which
I really should have, but because they gave a mural that was to a yogurt place next kind
of across the way, they gave that as a pokey stop.
But I thought, you know, let's put a mural in this one and then I can hit it from where
I'm sitting.
Although, to be fair, I can also hit the yogurt shop as well because it's close enough.
But I don't know.
I thought I would have made a good pokey stop, but I guess whatever.
So that Ingress event was pretty fun.
And they actually I didn't realize this, but Niantic rewarded those of us that participated
a free upgrade.
So one of our portals got upgraded.
That's cool, except all my submissions are in Puerto Rico because I submitted them all
when I was on the cruise.
So you're welcome if you live in Puerto Rico.
I added some pokey stops in Old Town.
So anyway, what else have I been playing?
Oh, a new game.
I'll talk quickly about Streets of Rage 4.
So I was able to play Streets of Rage 4 because it's on Xbox Game Pass, actually.
That was a really pleasant surprise.
I guess they probably did announce that.
I forgot.
I just looked at the Game Pass app on Friday or something.
I was like, oh, Streets of Rage 4 is here.
I want to check that out.
So I did download that and check it out.
And as you know, of course, Streets of Rage 1, 2, and 3 were Genesis games.
It was an old school beat-em-up like Final Fight or a lot of those games you played at
a pizza parlor in the 90s, those beat-em-up hell, the Ninja Turtles game, one of the most
popular in that genre of beat-em-ups.
And so Streets of Rage, now that we're years and years later on the Xbox One, and I know
this is on Nintendo Switch and all the platforms, is really kind of that same formula, except
it's not pixelated.
It's more hand-drawn, although I believe there's a retro mode in it, but you don't have it
right away.
The only thing that was weird for me at first is that they actually changed the controls
a little bit, but you can go back and change to a different layout if you need to.
So I didn't do that.
So I played with the default, which is this new one, where they add a button for you to
be able to pick things up.
So you can actually pick up food and pick up what...
So it's a little weird because you don't use the attack button to do that, you use a separate
button.
So I'm real getting used to it.
But again, you can change it back, I just kind of played with what the default was,
which was this very weird kind of thing.
So yeah.
But otherwise, it's fun.
The music's...
Of course, I was curious what the music would be like.
And even though the music is more like the old Streets of Rage game, which is good, Yuzo
Koshiro's involved, I like Yuzo Koshiro from the stuff he did with the driving games and
Actraiser and some of the other stuff.
So the Streets of Rage music, I like enough.
This is more like that, obviously, and not his other stuff, which I enjoy a lot more.
But it's still fun.
And I think if you do have Game Pass, you need to get on this.
Otherwise, I think they're asking like 30 bucks for it, which may sound a little steep,
but I feel like there's a lot of features that you kind of unlock as you go that are
gonna make that price tag a lot easier.
And this is one that you can play online, unlike those first three games.
So I think that's gonna make it a lot easier for people to be able to like play online
with friends, especially in this day and age, right?
You can't go over to people's houses to play the game.
So playing online is going to end up being a great thing.
So yeah.
There you go.
Yeah, that kind of made me wonder too, because now that you mentioned the whole playing the
same room thing, I'm not sure how long this whole COVID thing is going to go on, but that's
going to be interesting once the Amico comes out, because they're all local multiplayer
for that stuff.
For sure.
I'm sorry.
Give me just another minute here, Loki.
Sorry.
This is live, folks.
What can you do?
So yeah, it'd be interesting to see how that's going to affect things.
I am hoping by the time that comes out in October that, you know, things will be a little
bit calmed down.
But you know, that is a kind of a weird scenario.
No one could have predicted that when you're going to release a brand new console at the
end of the year.
So what are you going to do, I guess?
So I don't know.
It'll be interesting to see.
I hopefully will see some more stuff for that, especially with, you know, when E3 was supposed
to have been happening in about a month or so away.
Surprised to see that we haven't heard too much from like Sony or I know Nintendo's even
talked about maybe not doing a digital event, but like even Sony just hearing some more
information about what they've got in the pipeline coming out and stuff and I don't
know.
I just want to know more information.
I feel like now with all these companies, you know, obviously E3 not happening and stuff
and a lot of these companies say, no, we're not even going to do digital events that it's
like, when am I going to find out my information?
Okay, I'm back.
Sorry.
So I'm going to have to address this at some point.
Dark soccer had to go.
She had a family emergency.
Something's come up that's extremely urgent.
So she's needed to go sending thoughts and well wishes to her and her family right now
for sure.
It's not my place to give specifics right now.
I will let her do so when she feels up to returning.
For now, sorry to be blunt, but it is what it is.
It's life.
Anyway, Loki, we're going to carry on with the show.
You were talking about retro consoles.
And that actually reminded me because I have it sitting right here next to me.
I ordered this little guy online this week.
This Neo Geo Mini is something I picked up because it was on like a super sale on Amazon.
Really?
Yeah.
Is that the one that looks like a little like a desktop cabinet or yes, it's like a tiny
it's like those other it's a tiny little cat.
It might be hard to see on the tour.
It looks like my other little arcade machines that I collect and it's got 40 games in it,
including like five different Metal Slug games, King of the Monsters, Magician Lord, King
of Fighter, you know, all the stuff you'd expect to see here.
I'm sure you'll have a great time seeing that on Twitch, but there's a list of all the games
from the back.
Why don't they just make like a arcade one up size cabinet for one of those?
I'm kind of surprised.
That would be awesome.
I'm kind of surprised that too.
But here's here's the thing that sold me on it.
I wasn't necessarily going to get it at first because I was like that cabinet kind of looks
like garbage to play on.
But here's the thing.
It has an HDMI out on it.
So you can actually hook this baby up to a TV and play the Neo Geo games that way.
I'm not sure if you can hook up a controller.
I think that is a thing.
I don't want to get quoted on that, though, but I believe I'm going to have to open this
up and see.
I might have it because I think some of the other minis that they've done, they can you
could hook up Neo Geo controllers as well.
Yeah.
So that's pretty cool.
Maybe somebody in chat actually.
Adrian today says, yes, they have controllers, so I could actually probably order those separately
if I wanted to play the Neo Geo games on the TV.
So that's ultimately what sold me on it.
I was like, oh, I don't have to play on the tiny little screen.
I can actually play on the television.
And that's pretty cool.
Yeah, it was awesome.
Like I said, I when I first got my candy cab, I had a multi cart for a Neo Geo thing for
that.
But then then I mailed that to Bobby for his super gun.
So he has that now.
Bobby says, when's the Twitch stream of it?
When I get one of those controllers that I'm going to have to buy, because I don't I don't
know how I would play with the tiny little thing.
I mean, you know, I but I collect these types of things anyway.
So like, you know, and for the price, what was it?
I think it was only 30 bucks.
It was like 20.
I think normally it's about 50 and it was down to 30.
And I was like, what the heck?
That's a good price.
So that'll be something I can talk about next week is the Neo Geo mini.
So cool.
Cool.
Well, let's move on and we'll get into this week's news.
So, Loki, why don't you start us off?
Well, they alluded to talking about other companies announcing their events and that
being kind of up in the air as far as we even have like cancellations with Nintendo and
stuff like that.
But at least there is one that we can count on and it's right around the corner.
So coming up later this week on May 7th, we will see Xbox Series X gameplay for the first
time.
Probably not the first time because we've had some demos, but more of it.
That's going to be coming May 7th.
They're going to show new gameplay, including a gameplay trailer for Assassin's Creed Valhalla,
which they had a cinematic trailer for that earlier this week.
So that was something.
No idea what other games are going to be out there during that time, but I'm very curious
to see what spec, well, they already talked about specs, but more details.
I want to know more details about it and just trying to get excited about that kind of stuff.
So I'm looking forward to that.
That's going to be streaming.
It looks like 11 a.m. Eastern time on Thursday.
She Hulk 10 in our chat says, hopefully a new fable.
I am with you.
She Hulk.
I was like to see it will be very interesting, though, without the involvement of Molyneux.
But I'm OK with that.
Let's see.
Let's see what else does with it.
Don't think I'll be a problem.
Yeah, I think at the end of the day, it won't be a huge issue.
It'll be interesting.
It'll be I'm curious what creative direction the game takes and like what kind of elements
it holds on to, like some of the choice things.
I'd be very curious about that.
I feel like it's going to happen.
I feel that the rumbles and the rumors, but we'll see.
I don't want to we won't necessarily see it this week.
I don't know.
Well, it sounds to me because you've got your you know, we've already kind of seen lately
with just different games how these, you know, sort of Final Fantasy seven remake.
But I mean, obviously the stuff would have been planned long in advance.
You know, I really think like having a core RPG game on the platform would be very essential,
especially since we're not going to have like an Elder Scrolls six for a long time or a
new fallout or something like that.
I would think that a fable will do very well for that as well, because you got the Halo
to kind of take care of like the action stuff as well in the FPS.
So I would I would hope that we'd see that sort of things.
I'm just more curious to see what's coming from all these studios that they, you know,
picked up a year or so ago to see what they're working on.
That's what I'm really interested to see.
S.H.A. 100 Matt in chat says, I'm ready to see this damn thing in action.
This drip feed is getting a little irritating.
And you know, yeah, I feel like this this cycle especially has really been drawn out
for a bit.
Right.
Hasn't it kind of felt like the PlayStation four and the Xbox one have been kind of like
lame ducks for a little bit while we're like waiting for the PlayStation five and what's
new with Microsoft and everything like yes, I know we've had at least still the Final
Fantasy seven remake and we're getting Last of Us two.
There are still games from this generation for us to get excited about.
But I can't help but feel that because we know backwards compatibility is going to play
into this next generation.
It's kind of like, OK, well, all these games are putting out they're going to work on the
new ones, too.
So let's get to that hardware.
So it does.
It does feel like this lead up, even though it probably honestly has been the same amount
of time as has been any other generation.
Fine.
It just feels like this lead up has been an awful long time.
Maybe that's something about the Internet age we live in.
I don't know.
But on this on the same side, we the first week of May is probably earlier than I think
we most of us would have been expecting to hear this information, which I think would
have been the first week of June.
It's hard to say what they wanted to do a pre event before E3, kind of like what happened
with Xbox one, although that didn't go so well for Microsoft that time.
You know, I don't know.
But this this regardless of why or what this is, this is this is what's going to happen.
So we'll get to see this week.
Yeah.
Gripper O2 says, are there any new games to sway us into buying the new consoles?
Well, that's what we're going to find out.
Keep in mind, Microsoft has scooped up oodles and oodles of companies over the past couple
of years.
That's some of the biggest news to come out of Microsoft.
So they've really been laying out the pieces and making strategical moves to really come
out swinging this generation.
So I think Microsoft stands to answer some of those questions on Thursday.
Will they show us everything?
I doubt it.
I would taper your expectations a little bit.
We'll probably get one or two new games that'll show off the hardware.
My guess, we will absolutely have a sports game of some type, but that will include racing.
That could include a Forza, whether it's Horizon or mainline or something new.
I would absolutely bet like Forza is somehow one of the games we're going to see.
The other game could be literally anything.
And I would guess it's really going to be, and one reason why I specifically peg racing
and sports, those are the games that really, and especially Forza, and that's why I really
think it's going to be Forza, something.
Forza is something.
And yes, I know it's the right year for Horizon, but I think all bets are off when it comes
to the regular schedule of Forza.
I think it could be Forza anything.
I'd love for it to be Horizon.
But racing games are going to really show off the power of the system and things like
ray tracing and all the things that these games are going to bring to the tables.
That's why I fully expect it'll be a Forza universe type of game that we're going to
see this week.
Bobby Blackwell says it'll be Forza Motorsport 8.
Yeah.
And Bobby says all Xbox consoles have released with a racing game outside the first one.
And I'll-
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What?
What?
What?
Let's see a new bridge racer game.
Come on.
Maybe on the PlayStation 5 reveal, but we're not there yet.
We're not there yet.
Come on, they're not console specific anymore.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
It's been like, how many years now?
Like in the PETA one.
I'm not counting that because that was garbage, but like, let's, let's, let's get a new, new
Ridge Racer game.
Come on.
Frodo Swaggins asked a great question in chat saying, what do you think about the power
difference between PlayStation 5 and Series X?
I don't think we'll know until we actually see what, how the games use everything because
like it's just all specs right now.
It doesn't mean anything until we actually see them in action.
Um, yeah, it, it, it doesn't really matter without the games and the proof is the Nintendo
Switch.
That's my answer.
Nintendo Switch, because Nintendo Switch is not bringing that same technology to the table
that these, I mean, it's a different thing with the whole games on the go and all that,
but Nintendo Switch still look at the sales figure of Animal Crossing, the Nintendo Switch
does very well holding its place in gaming while not being the most technologically superior
console.
I do think price is going to be important.
Um, and I don't think Sony or Microsoft wants to find themselves as launching the more expensive
console.
Um, but we'll see at the end of the day, it's going to be the games that are the most important
period.
So we'll see.
And She-Hulk 10 says you won't notice without a new TV.
And that could be very, that's a very good point as well is that I still don't have a
4k TV.
You may not know this, you can get one like sub 500 now.
I mean, it's like, it just, well, for one, I'm just so irritated because of how much
I paid for the TV I currently have, but also I'm just kind of like in this day and age,
I'm like, it's just not been a priority for me.
I do have a 4k computer monitor and that's put the console in there.
Here's the crazy thing.
I actually bought a new graphics card.
We've been waiting to install the new graphics card because we need a new power supply, but
get this, did you know there's like some freak power supply?
Well, I should say free cause it's probably because of COVID and all that.
There's like a power supply shortage going on right now.
Try to go get one.
What kind of power, how, how much of a power, oh, uh, eight, one of those are like impossible
to find.
Uh, and seven fifties aren't easy either.
Uh, and I feel like when I was on Best Buy site, uh, it was like, you could find things
in the cheat, like the 300, 400 range or the 1200 range, but like everything in the middle
ain't there.
And Newegg didn't have anything?
No.
Or it was all like not in stock till the end of may and things like that.
I would check eBay or something.
eBay has been pretty fast to ship stuff.
It's weird.
No, I actually ordered a power supply on Amazon and it said, uh, we ordered it the first week
of April and it said it'll be there April 28th, April 28th comes and goes.
And the next day I get an email that's like, can you confirm you still want this because
we don't know when we're going to have it in stock.
And I was a little irritated.
I thought it was because they weren't shipping anything other than essential, you know, things
until later.
No, cause I got, I wouldn't call this Neo Geo mini essential.
I think I had to wait an extra day or two than I normally would, but no big deal.
I'm not going to be all like, can I speak to the manager about it?
But I was a little irked that like, I kind of felt like if they didn't have it and they
didn't know when they were going to, I kind of wasn't getting a realistic, but I'm trying
not to, you know, soccer mom manager about it.
You know, I'm trying to just be like, all right, maybe they were expecting it, but because
the factories are closed to the world situation, they didn't make them in time, whatever.
I'm just trying to keep my cool.
But yeah, it's trying to find a power supply right now is a little weird.
So I don't know what's up with that.
So, OK, yeah.
Anyway, yeah, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, yeah, I really want to build a new computer,
but right now is the hardest time.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Because everybody's trying to work from home or spending the stimulus
money and all that stuff is factoring into that.
So anyhow, back to the Xbox, we'll see more stuff this week.
I'm very excited to see it in motion.
I think a lot of us are. So we will definitely talk about that next week on the show.
All right. In the meantime, let's talk about Google Stadia.
Remember, there was a Stadia Connect that happened this past week.
Did you all remember that?
Yeah. Yeah. Because social media was like dead silent on it.
And I kind of like forgot until I was looking for stories.
Yeah, right. Well, here's what you missed at the Google Stadia Connect.
I don't know. Like some of this news is kind of like, oh, yeah.
Player Unknown Battlegrounds is now on Stadia.
I mean, that is kind of a big game.
And it's something that you can actually get for free if you are a Google Stadia pro
subscriber, which remember, they gave that away for two months.
So they have a lot of people who are pro subscribers right now.
So that's a pretty big land.
And, you know, first person shooter game, that's something that might look a little
better on something like Stadia, depending on your Internet connection and all that
versus, you know, how it might look on your computer without something like that.
I don't know. It depends on your situation.
But then, you know, the fact that they've also announced that they're partnering with
Electronic Arts. So that's pretty big.
They're going to bring things like Madden, FIFA and Star Wars Jedi Order.
Now, say what you will.
But let's not forget that Madden is like the biggest selling game in this country.
So that being on Stadia now is an option.
That could be interesting to see how that plays out.
Again, I'm not sure Stadia has really proven itself as hardware to the masses, to
the dirty casuals, if you will.
But if Google can kind of push that, it would be interesting to see how many people
might buy into that. I don't know.
I think their positioning, the EA partnership is very interesting, I will say.
You know, you can talk all the smack you want about Stadia, but I think that's
important. And I think it's important to get people on board who might not otherwise
be on board with Stadia because of sports, sports, sports, sports, you know, things I
know we don't get into as much here on Orange Launch Radio.
But I'm certainly not going to deny those games are fucking huge and that there are
people that only buy sports, sports, sports, sports.
And that's, you know, that they are gamers, too, for sure.
So, all right.
Anyhow, other things, Octopath Traveler, Square Enix just released on Stadia as well.
That's a pretty big deal.
And then they also talked about some games that will be first on Stadia.
So they're not saying exclusive, but they're saying first on Stadia.
One of the games was Crayta, which is a platform to build games and play games.
It is very similar looking to Fortnite because it's also built in Unreal Engine.
So it's a way to build and play your own games.
I guess you could say like Little Big Planet or Dreams type of thing.
But it'll be on Stadia.
That's kind of interesting because I don't usually think of like create your own thing
on a Stadia device because it's in the cloud, but that's kind of neat.
Also, Ember is another game, which you play a firefighter, but it sounds like not a very
good one.
You might actually be setting fires.
I don't remember what the gag was with this whole thing, but that is another game that
is coming out as well.
So they are showing us at least a few other games for Stadia.
And if you haven't turned on your Stadia, well, I keep saying turn on your Stadia, even
though it's not an actual device, but let's say fired up your Stadia account on the web
or on your Chromecast, it might be a good reason to go back and check things out.
I don't know.
Player Unknown Battlegrounds might be kind of neat.
I don't know.
But I know a lot of people aren't into first person shooters either.
So, so what do you think, Loki?
Like, do you think Google, do you think the EA thinks a big deal?
Or do you think Stadia is like, you know what, Stadia really needed to get moving by now
and it still hasn't.
And that's bad.
I think it's the latter.
I think it needs to have EA to be able to compete out there.
I just, I don't see the draw.
I really don't.
I mean, aside from the potential where I don't have to buy a console to play games, it's
just, I don't know.
It's not something I would invest in.
Yep.
So we'll see.
I mean, we'll see.
It's an interesting maneuver.
I don't, I don't think this week's worth of news was enough.
I really think they needed to start to clue in how more people can get on Stadia.
Like, I need to see like exclusive games.
Like this is only something you can get on Stadia.
Cause that's the thing is that it's like, yeah, it's cool.
You have Madden, so does everybody else.
And they've had it for a long time now and now you're just getting it.
And it's like, I need to see like why I want to choose your platform because there's the
fact that it's, it's strictly digital.
It's, it's a Google service.
So you're not sure it's like, is this going to be around for a long time?
I mean, I just, I don't know.
I really have a hard time trusting that this would be a good thing.
Like nowadays, if, if everything's stayed the way it was, where bandwidth is unlimited
and everything, maybe, uh, after everything goes back to normal, it's going to be a hard sell.
And I just don't see it.
Um, I really think Google needs to be a little more, um, like they need to reach out to a more
casual audience a lot more aggressively, and maybe they're not ready for that for whatever reason,
but I really think they should be running ads right now that are akin to go to stadia.google.com
to play Madden right now, you know, which obviously they're not ready for that yet,
but that needs to kind of be the message.
They need to drop this whole, like you get a pro account.
That stuff is confusing to a non gamer audience.
It's not confusing to you or me, but to a non gamer audience, the message needs to be
very fucking simple.
It needs to be, Hey, do you want to play Madden, but you don't have a game console.
Go to stadia.google.com right now to play Madden online with your friends.
That should be the message.
And it needs to be just that simple.
If you have to jump through all these fucking hoops about, you know, signing up for this
account and that account and tying it to your Google account, all this stuff, they're never
going to tap the base that they need to be tapping.
And I think it's just that simple.
I think the messaging needs to be better.
And I also want to see like the examples of that integration they were talking about with
like YouTube and stuff, or if I'm streaming a game and someone can come join me in my
game or something like that.
Like I want to see more of that sort of thing is showing up on here, but like doesn't really
seem like there's anything like that.
Like if for some reason, I mean, Microsoft would never put it on their service since
they have their own streaming service, but let's assume like, Hey, Minecraft is on there.
And then you have someone streaming Minecraft and they're like, Hey, you want to come play
with us on our server?
You know, click this link, go and immediately connect, play Minecraft without having to
have it installed or anything like that.
Google could do that with YouTube if they wanted to.
If they want to leverage their muscle with YouTube, they could do it because I'm sitting
here about to make a comment about, well, one thing I don't think made our show world
tonight, but Amazon games, um, I think talked a little more about new world.
Um, I'm going to be quite honest.
I really understand it and I'm not going to until I actually get to play the game.
So that's about all I have to say about new world.
Um, but I would imagine it would be very likely that Amazon could integrate something like
that into Twitch.
Hey, do you want to come play this MMO with me right now?
Use this extension or whatever to just tap here and come play with me.
Google could leverage YouTube to do the same thing.
Well, right.
They have it built in for Stadia stuff, but there's not really any games.
I've seen that they're going to be using that first day.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And I don't know if it's due to the world, you know, COVID Corona situation or what.
Um, but I feel like Google isn't moving as fast enough as we all expected them to.
This is like the best time.
Like this is the ideal situation for them.
And if it can't take off in the ideal situation for them, where everybody has this available
space and a lot of people are stuck at home, it's like, I mean, it's not going to take
off if this is not going to happen now.
Now is the time for Google to do this.
Because if they wait like literally one more month there, it's too late.
And I, that's why I'm kind of like this, what happened this week needed to be it.
And it wasn't like, I'm not saying what they announced was crap or anything like that.
I don't think it was, but it wasn't enough.
It needed to be the next phase of Stadia because now what's going to happen is now, you know,
E3 and I'm using my quotey fingers is going to end up happening in June.
When I'm using my quotey fingers, it's E3 replacement stuff and things we would have
seen at E3 are going to start happening.
And then it's like, oh, Madden's on PlayStation.
I know PlayStation.
I know Xbox.
I know those things.
I'm going to end up getting my game on those consoles.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're going to have Madden and we're going to have EA games on this platform.
And then next week, you know, we're going to have all the Microsoft exclusives like,
oh yeah, I want to get it on my platform.
Well, guess what?
They have their own streaming platform.
They'll need your Google Stadia to stream those games.
So it's like, I just don't I don't see it happening because they don't have enough
draw to bring people to that platform.
They need some exclusive games that are out now.
And I'm sorry, Destiny 2 and Madden is not really going to be a draw when it's on all
the other platforms already that people have had probably years already.
I just I don't see it.
Yeah.
And something like, you know, the firefighting game, like as Ember, as cute as that sounds,
as neat as that sounds, that's not going to pull the fucking muscle.
Like Google, use your muscle to get that exclusive that you need.
You know, hey, get EA to give you Madden first for a week.
That's the kind of like big dick energy we're going to need from Google Stadia for people
to be talking about it.
Oh, and EA is only on that platform until they come up with their own streaming platform.
I think they've already said they want to do their own thing.
So well, there's that there's that whole EA access that kind of ties into Xbox.
I mean, you're right.
It's probably only a matter of time before Origin becomes that.
Who knows?
Yeah.
As soon as they don't need Google anymore, they're gone.
I mean, just look at like the Nvidia sharing and stuff like that.
I mean, I'm sure all these companies will drop them as soon as they have their own solutions
because they don't want to pay anybody to have their own platform.
They want their own.
They want to control all of it.
They want their own ecosystem.
All right.
Well, let's move on to the next story because this will tie this tie into this a little
bit.
We're having to produce on the fly a little bit because Jamie was going to talk about
this.
Do you want to do this or you want me to do it?
Sure.
Let's talk about Summer Games Fest.
OK.
Summer Games Fest is going to be going on from now to the end of August or during summer.
So it's basically going to be a very long like kind of industry wide celebration of
games.
And it's going to be like I guess this digital event that's going to include different shows
including lives from like Bethesda, Blizzard, CD Projekt Red, EA, Microsoft, Riot, Sony
and Square Enix.
They said the event's going to take or they're going to stream on all major platforms.
So Facebook, Mixer, Twitch, Twitter and YouTube.
And they're going to have different details, I guess, for those events are going to come
I guess later on as soon as they announce those.
I don't know if the Xbox thing is necessarily considered one of those, but I don't know.
But Steam and Xbox are going to offer demos and trials for some games limited time.
Steam's games festival summer edition supposed to be taking place June 9th through the 14th.
And this is all being hosted, I guess, by Jeff Keeley's putting this on.
So it's pretty cool.
I want this is where I was just saying I want to learn more about the stuff that's coming
up.
I just wish there was more of a timeline to kind of tell me, you know, when all this is
going to happen, because it doesn't really specify.
And like, I don't know, but it's cool.
So that's kind of like their game awards thing.
Yeah, I mean, the whole thing is kind of like interesting, but it's weird that it's like
four months.
Like, that's not that's not a festival.
That's not a highlight.
That's like a that's the general gaming news flow.
It's like it's almost like I'm launching a website where I'm going to get all these exclusives
first.
And it's called Summer Game Fest.
You know, I just like and maybe it's just because also it's this whole nature of the
virtual world we're living in right now.
But I don't think I really, really, truly believe and I believe me.
I understand the narrative of things are not going to go back to the way they were for
a very long time.
Like, I understand that things like sporting events, travel, you know, there are things
where many, many Dragon Con where many, many people gather that there's still a big question
mark that hangs over a lot of that.
But for the most part, like I, I feel like we'll be able to kind of like gather in like
small groups.
You'll still be able to like go to restaurant on a Saturday night in a few months as opposed
to, you know, a year and a half.
I don't think we go back to normal normal like life.
Well, I don't think we ever go back to that 100%.
I think, for example, seeing masks in public, whereas maybe in some countries that was a
very common thing you would see when people are sick and we didn't really have that here.
I think I think that'll be a permanent fixture.
I think when people are sick, they're going to wear masks.
You know, I think that's something you're going to see more and more common.
But anyway, I don't want to digress too much.
My point is, is that, you know, maybe my mindset is this because I think of festival as we
gather for a week at South by Southwest and we talk about these types of things.
We do these types of things.
And I understand that, like, you know, maybe we can't have a festival in person anymore
or what have you.
But like four months of this online gathering, it's long and I don't think online culture
like it is in the quarantine scenario.
Exists in four months.
I don't think we're living our lives on Zoom 100% in four months, maybe 20%, but not 100%
like we are now.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, so.
But anyway, yeah, so the four month thing is a little weird to me.
I think that's just because maybe and maybe he has a series of exclusives that are going
to take him up through the Game Awards or something like that.
But it's just I don't know.
It's very it's very interesting.
But I could also see how maybe companies that were pushing to get things done for E3 week
are not able to make that happen because they've had to deal with the very real situation of
transitioning employees to working from home and not it doesn't necessarily end up in 100%
productivity.
In fact, it rarely does when it starts.
You know, like you can have some people are hell, they're more productive at home.
But like there's hurdles.
There's just all sorts of technological hurdles people have to get through before you're
able to, you know, kind of adjust to being at home all the time.
And so maybe companies that were going to do this thing for E3 week have kind of had
to push back their announces to all sorts of different times.
So now it's like, hey, that thing we were going to E3 week, it's like four months out
from when we were going to do it or another company like two months.
I guess they're counting the Xbox thing as part of this.
OK, I don't know.
Interesting.
But I don't know why.
What makes this special designation important?
That's what I'm missing.
Because honestly, when you say, oh, we're going to trickle down big gaming news for
four months, I'm just like, that's just normal.
Yeah, that's just the summer in games.
You know, OK, it's not all going to be in one week like it was in years past.
We knew that.
But like what's going to make Summerfest because the minute something is announced
on this Summerfest site, you know, Kotaku is going to have it.
Eurogamer is going to have it.
Twitter is going to have it.
Facebook is going to have it.
Like the news will just be there.
You know what I mean?
So I don't know that that's and I'm not I'm not trying to dog on it.
You know, Jeff Keighley is a smart dude.
Like there's obviously a piece of this I'm missing.
And maybe it's one of those things I just don't see until it happens.
Four months of advertisers.
I don't know.
But yeah, I'm just I'm just kind of confused on a few things.
I don't know.
All right.
I just am glad to see some some information whatsoever.
Yeah.
So all right.
So let's move on to the next story that you had, Loki.
Yes.
Unfortunately, Jamie would have loved this as well, but I thought this was kind of interesting.
So everybody's stuck at home and a lot of people are playing Animal Crossing.
There was a social media post by the Queer Eye Twitter user that was saying, hey,
if you go ahead and show a share your designs in your house,
Bobby Burke is going to actually take a look at that stuff and give you tips about
home decorating since he's the interior designer on the show.
So I thought that was funny.
So there is folks like showing off some of the different things that they're making.
And he's giving comments about them.
Pretty neat.
Yeah.
It's a very it's a nice little modern twist on things, isn't it?
Yeah, it's funny.
It's like it's what was the isn't it like the happy home designers or something like
that or happy home, something or other that's in the game itself.
And then it's like, you know, he's almost like a member of that now.
I remember where they evaluate like your home and how it how it is.
Yeah, you're right.
The happy home designer thing.
All right, cool.
I remember the happy home designer was like a game.
But like I remember it's happy home something.
But yeah, it's been a while since I played Animal Crossing.
Still haven't gotten to touch my switch version yet.
What's the holdup?
The kids are monopolizing the switch.
And after that, it's like watching TV and stuff.
So I just haven't got a chance to.
All right.
I'm waiting for is Jonathan Van Ness involved in this, though, or is it just Bobby, the
the home guy that's doing this?
I think it's just Bobby.
Oh, see, I I like Jonathan the best because he calls everything fierce and gorgeous.
And it's you look so gorgeous in that.
So maybe he'll start to address some of the attire that you wear in the in the game,
which, by the way, I don't know if you notice, but on stream, I'm wearing my meme shirt.
I said on a previous episode that like that meme shirt that's an Animal Crossing.
I fucking have that in a different color.
Here it is.
It's a little different because the cat has glasses.
But like I that's why I laughed my ass off when I saw that shirt.
I'm like, I fucking own that shirt.
So that's why I always wear it in Animal Crossing.
So it's funny.
So all right, let's move on.
And I'm going to talk a little bit about esports drama.
This one involving Overwatch.
So the Overwatch League, you know, it's still going moved over to YouTube.
And that's why I kind of lost track of it because I was following it on Twitch.
But it's on YouTube now and they're still going.
Obviously not right this second, but they had a season and they named an MVP.
The MVP was I hope I'm pronouncing this right, but it's Sinatra.
Like like Frank Sinatra, but with an extra A.
So Sinatra.
Hopefully I'm pronouncing that right.
Sorry, guys.
You can tell how much I've been following Overwatch League lately.
But I mean, this guy is so popular.
Not only is he the MVP of the entire league, he was actually on late night with Jimmy Fallon,
like talking about Overwatch League last October.
You know, when people were still going on late night talk shows in person.
So this guy's a pretty big deal.
It was announced this week that he's going to be leaving the Overwatch League.
And as if it couldn't get any worse, he's going to go.
I mean, worse for, I guess, Blizzard or whatever, worse for the league.
He's going to leave to go play Valorant instead.
So maybe he's just getting bored with Overwatch.
Well, he actually has commented a little bit on that.
He basically said the game is just not for me anymore.
I'm very happy with my life, but I just wasn't having fun with Overwatch anymore.
So, Loki, that's it.
You're not having fun playing the game.
Don't play it.
He's talked about he is.
But what was interesting is that specifically he calls out
the 2-2-2 role locking format.
You know what that is?
That's where they made it so that every match is 2 DPS, 2 heals, 2 tanks.
He cites that as a problem and the hero bans.
Yeah, I don't learn somebody to do that stuff.
I mean, it seems like you would have more creativity with your teams unless,
I guess, they're trying to get it so that not everybody hogs like a certain type of
class or something.
I don't know.
Yeah.
But that should be an option where you can turn that on or off.
Frodo Swagons in chat says Valorant is so boring to watch.
My God.
Quest Buster says Valorant isn't even out of closed beta yet.
So, kind of some ping ponging opinions there.
But I think we can give Riot the benefit of the doubt.
The game isn't out of beta yet.
But still, this is a huge development for a game that isn't out of beta.
I mean, talk about like throwing your weight behind something.
Again, it's not just like this guy was not just like a mostly sidelined player on one
of the teams like this.
This guy was the fucking MVP and he's saying, yeah, I'm gonna go play this instead because
the game I'm making money off of and getting notoriety for.
It's just not fun anymore.
Like, you have to wonder if Riot slipped a 20 in his pocket, a 20 million dollar bill
or like what's going on there.
It's kind of interesting.
I mean, but I'm willing to give.
I haven't played Valorant myself.
Maybe it is really fucking fun.
I don't know.
I haven't played it yet.
But I imagine it's one of those things, like most video games, we're all going to have
an opinion on it and some are going to love it and some aren't.
And this guy is just one of the lovers.
Yeah.
Quest Buster says he's not the only pro thinking of moving over to Valorant either.
Overwatch League lost some talent earlier this year, too, such as a few popular announcers.
So, it sounds like the Overwatch League might just be kind of, I don't know.
There's a part of me that says it's, oh boy.
Oh, girl, it's drama.
Oh, they're in trouble.
But then I'm also like, you know what?
As esports is getting bigger, it's like we don't just have football anymore.
It's like for years and years, we've only ever had football.
Football is the only thing we see.
Football is the only game we play.
That's all we have.
But now it's like all of a sudden, oh, they got baseball.
Oh, and basketball and hockey like all these other.
And I think this is what's going to continue to happen with Overwatch League.
And so suddenly, you know, Michael Jordan might be like, you know what?
Instead of playing basketball, I'm going to go try this for a little while.
Golf or whatever.
You know what I mean?
Like, I'm going to go try to be a pro in something else.
And I think, you know, obviously you're going to see that a lot more probably in esports
than you will.
Obviously, I'm giving a very like, you know, it's not that common that you hear the pro sports
people going from one sport to another, but it does happen.
But I think you're going to see it happen here more as there's just as esports game
popularity and there are more sports to choose from.
Quest Buster.
Oh, go ahead.
No, I said, yeah, you're probably going to see more of that stuff.
I mean, it's like after a while, like you got to move on to like other things, I would
think.
And maybe maybe this person thinks that, you know, Overwatch has kind of lost its luster
and now, you know, Valiant's where it's at.
So I don't know.
Yeah.
So reading some comments from chat, Quest Buster says, one of the arguments I've seen
is that the core Phantom will always love Overwatch, but the broader numbers just aren't
there to make it esports great.
Could Overwatch be slow?
I don't know.
I feel like it's too early to doom and gloom, that type of stuff.
But a lot will depend on the strength of Overwatch 2, I suppose.
Yes.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
Well, let's move on to our next story, which is did you want to do this?
You want me to do this?
China?
Yes.
Yes.
Talk about China banning games.
Yep.
So China has banned a video game called Coronavirus Attack.
It was a game that came out on Steam about a week or so ago.
The game Coronavirus Attack is about a virus that can turn people in the selfish zombies
as spread throughout your country.
And your purpose is to prevent the selfish zombie virus carries from escaping and infecting
other peoples.
And to do that, you have to basically kill these people before they leave the country.
So of course, I felt that that game was kind of offensive.
And since also it was talking a little bit about where you win badges, like say, liberate
Hong Kong and whatnot, obviously they had to ban that from China.
Hmm.
Well, I mean, the whole like killing people before they that's kind of in poor taste as
it is.
You know, we've been talking a lot about how there's going to be games as art that come
out of this and not all art is, you know, some art provokes some art is offensive and
it gets you thinking.
And so this is just one of those examples, I think, is that it's art that is a little
offensive.
I don't know if it's necessarily like, you know, you're like shooting people or anything.
You're actually playing a yellow coronavirus pathogen.
I'm not really sure what.
Obviously, this is one of these games that people have made that is just trying to stir
outrage, I think.
Well, they got it.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
Neat, I guess.
All right.
Everyone will immediately forget about this game in a week or so.
Probably.
All right.
Then let's move on to the next story, which is a little bit of a follow up to something
we've been talking about.
Right.
Right.
So we were talking a little bit about these Valorant beta keys that they were doing these
24 hour streams where if you watch them for a certain amount of time, you would get a
drop for one of these beta keys.
Well, Twitch announced that they are going to be stopping this practice.
They said, basically, we've heard your concerns about creators continuously streaming VODs
while tagging the channels live to farm Valorant drops.
This harms the integrity of the drops program.
So we've updated our community guidelines to clarify that cheating any Twitch reward
system is prohibited.
No cheating, because cheating is against the rules.
So now they're basically not going to allow them to run these 24 hour streams.
They're going to prevent this type of thing.
So they said cheating a Twitch reward system such as drops or channel point systems is
not allowed.
And I'm not sure what exactly they're going to be doing to kind of combat that aside from
just trying to prevent these 24 hour streams.
I don't know, but I mean, yeah, if you don't drop these keys on the streams in the first
place.
Yeah, I feel like a conversation is going to happen there as well.
But yeah, I mean, I guess maybe I'm a little pleasantly surprised Twitch took action in
that regard.
I didn't really expect them to.
But now that they did, I'm kind of like, oh, okay, yeah, I guess that is the thing that
should have happened and good on Twitch for doing it.
Right?
Like, you know, they saw that there was a problem there.
People are exploiting it.
And so they've kind of, you know, cut that off.
And maybe that will make some of the people that are, you know, maybe like Riot and so
forth.
Maybe they didn't expect that this would happen.
You know, sometimes you can't foresee how internet people are going to take to certain
things.
So they, you know, did this and that'll be something for future key drop giveaway things
to consider, you know?
Yeah.
And well, at least it's nice to see that they're doing something.
So I don't know.
Yep.
All right.
Well, moving on to talking about Oculus sales.
So Oculus sales, they've actually been improving a little bit, which is notable to talk about
because, you know, we wonder, like, you know, is VR going to take over?
VR going to be the next big thing?
PlayStation VR has been doing pretty well.
And now we have, you know, improving numbers for Oculus.
And there's several reasons why this is happening.
It's not just like, oh, finally, you know, there's reasons for it.
And one of the big ones, of course, is the Oculus Quest.
The Oculus Quest just came out in last May.
And this has been pointed out as the biggest contributor to Facebook's other because,
remember, Facebook owns Oculus.
So the other revenue category has been very bolstered by the Oculus Quest.
In fact, the CEO of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, you may know, actually kind of said something
akin to wish we could have made more of them faster because these things were selling so well.
Oh, I actually have the quote from the investor call.
I wish we could have made more of them.
I'm sorry.
I wish we could make more of them faster during this period.
It's possible that the COVID corona situation accelerates some of the trends around virtual
or augmented reality, but I'm not sure what will happen in the long term.
And that's something important to consider as well is that you may have people that are
looking to VR as not just necessarily a new thing to do while at home or a thing to keep us home.
But think about how this is also something kind of I get you could probably do a whole
other show on this and I know they're out there.
Is that how could VR now in this pandemic world we're in kind of shine by how it can
bring us together by being in these fake worlds?
I guess I don't know how else to put it, but like or even like I can now travel these places
that I would have liked to have gone in person, but maybe I can't right now.
But VR can kind of take me there.
Or I would think if you're Facebook, it's a pay-per-view, a pay-per-view,
a kin event that I can attend in VR even though I can't be there in person.
Well, they have like, was it the Google Earth VR stuff that you can go like,
look at Street View stuff in VR, I think.
Phoenix 7726 says, so ready player one?
I'm not sure I'd go that far, but think especially because VR technology isn't quite that.
But what about the fact that, you know what,
sporting events and concerts we keep talking about,
those are going to be the last things to come back, right?
Like those are those are, you know, those don't come back until we have
treatment is one thing or a cure or a vaccine.
You know, we're getting some hopeful things on the treatment front.
But we don't, you know, we got to let the scientists do their work.
These things take time.
So, you know, we can wish on a star all we want, but we don't have anything where, you know,
the government has felt strong enough to say, yes, we can treat this now and it won't be as fatal.
Go forth and go back to normal.
You know, yes, now it is like the flu because we can treat it.
They can't do that yet.
So my point is, the concert industry, the live entertainers,
it's going to be challenging to figure out how do they make money in these types of times.
But what if they could do a concert in VR and sell tickets?
And I've always kind of thought this was going to be why Facebook because
remember when Facebook bought Oculus?
Everybody was like, why the fuck is Facebook buying Oculus?
Why didn't Microsoft buy a gaming company?
VR is for gaming.
And it's like, oh, wait, maybe not.
Maybe it's not just for gaming, actually.
They haven't really done much with it, though.
So I don't know.
They haven't yet.
But like, this is again, not that I advocate for this pandemic is a great time to be capitalist.
But I think the reality is there's going to be a lot of people that do try to seize the
opportunity, you know, and Facebook would honestly be stupid not to.
And I've said this since the beginning when they bought Oculus.
Look at the things that Facebook has been doing, like live streaming and 3D photos.
They keep inching closer and closer to streaming VR events.
That will fucking happen.
It do you think Loki is streaming VR events?
Is that going to happen at some point?
Is the technology going to be there for that?
Eventually, it will.
He went away.
So I'm going to answer for him.
Oh, wait, I think it's because my Skype.
Sorry, my Skype is blowing up.
And so it causes I'm sorry, Loki, were you talking?
I am still here.
Do you hear me?
Yeah, sorry.
I have the Skype.
God, Skype's going on.
And so you were probably talking to listeners and I couldn't hear you.
So the question I was asking was an answer for my benefit.
Sorry.
Will VR be streaming live events anytime soon?
I don't know about soon, but it eventually depends on what we're looking at soon.
I mean, maybe in the next 10 years.
I kind of think it'll be a lot sooner than that.
I think the technology exists to be able to do it.
I just don't think it exists on a wide scale, but I think they're going to go that way.
So anyway, my point is, is that I see Facebook streaming these types of events in VR
that we're not able to attend in person right now.
And I think there will be people that will be into it and buy into it.
It's probably not going to make as much money as live tours do.
But if Taylor Swift wants to do a concert on Facebook in VR,
I bet there will be people that would pay money for that.
Okay, thank you.
Bobby says the Olympics streamed in VR.
I was like, surely something has happened with this already.
And I was like, I know you can download videos in VR.
There's plenty of stuff on PlayStation VR, like videos.
I remember there was an Utada Hikaru concert you could watch and things like that.
But the streaming, I wasn't sure.
Okay, so the streaming is there.
So Bonds006 says Facebook can own that market.
They have the sub, just offer it to the masses.
$4.99 a VR show.
Exactly.
I think that's where this goes.
SSG100Matt says the NBA has been working with showing live games in VR for a while.
The biggest obstacle is that the customer base isn't there yet.
Well, now it's starting to grow a little bit.
And maybe this is going to be the time when it grows a little more.
I do need to point out VRChat is popular Zoom, that's all.
I do need to point out Half-Life Alex has also released in this time frame.
And I think we'd be idiots to not call out.
You know, that probably had somewhat of an impact.
Maybe not a huge one.
But I know at least one person that finally jumped ship into AR to play Half-Life Alex.
I'm sorry, VR.
I was going to say, yeah, there was an article I saw.
ARAlexR, sorry.
Regarding the VR stuff.
And even with Alex coming out, it's only about 1.9% of Steam users actually own VR headsets.
That's still higher than I would have thought, to be honest.
So, all right.
Well, anyway, we'll see what develops.
But I think it's interesting to note that Oculus has been growing.
So, I'm going to...
I think if he's ready, I'm going to actually call over to the show.
So, you guys know we've had to change a little bit on the fly tonight.
Because DarkSakura had a family emergency and she had to go.
So, if you've seen me frantically texting on the stream, I was actually texting Alan
to see if he'd be willing to cover the classic game tonight.
And thank gosh, he was.
So, I'm just going to do a little microphone change here.
So, I'm going to give...
Hi, Alan.
How are you?
Here's the yellow mic.
And I'm going to take the noisy mic.
So, sorry, guys.
It's going to make a little noise.
But I have to.
The Venmo payment hasn't come through yet for this.
No, it hasn't.
And hopefully this one works.
Yes.
Okay.
So, hi, how are you?
I'm very...
My time is very expensive.
Well, I appreciate you gracing us with your presence.
Is this a Twitch appropriate thing you're wearing?
Cover up.
Jesus.
All right.
It's nice outside.
It's hotter in here than it is outside.
How's gaming been for you?
We didn't talk about this on the show.
You bought something this week.
Oh, yes.
I got a Switch Lite.
It's on its way to Best Buy.
I pick it up on Saturday because I got the coral color.
I'm not pink.
Coral.
So yeah, that and Animal Crossing.
And why did you finally jump ship on getting this?
Because you wanted your own...
I was like, you can build an Animal Crossing house on my island.
No.
Just the fact that you have...
I don't like playing in the living room.
I don't like playing on a big TV.
I like things that are intimate, where it's either in my lap or right in front of me at
a computer desk.
So yeah.
And then I can...
If I was doing something and you wanted it, you're like, someone's coming over to give
me something.
Get off.
It's just like if you have kids that fight too much, you just got to get them their own
stuff, even if it spoils them.
I understand.
So well, and it's interesting is we were talking about this on prior shows is that the Switches
have been kind of hard to come by, but I guess not because you got...
Well, you weren't able to just buy one today.
You had to wait a little bit, but you were able to get one.
I saw over your shoulder, Alan got a Switch without having to deal with scalpers.
Yes, because this past week, and you may be SOL, a lot of the major retailers got...
I have no idea how big the shipment is or when the next one is going to be in relation
to...
Because Nintendo stopped production with all the COVID-19 stuff going on.
But Costco, Best Buy, and Amazon got a pretty significant bunch of different colors of the
lights.
I don't know about the main Switch, but I originally placed my order on Amazon because
they were sold out of Coral, saw that Best Buy had Coral, canceled the Amazon order,
switched to Best Buy.
And by the way, if you were to check, Best Buy, I think, is already sold out.
There might be some on Amazon.
If you see Amazon 199, that's Amazon.
They're the only people selling it for MSRP.
So yeah, I was able...
There were so many Switches in stock, I was able to cancel the order in one place and
confidently place it with another retailer, which two weeks ago you couldn't do.
So without getting too much of a tangent, I'm on this app called Slick Deals, which
I use to track if there's something that I want, whether it's workout clothes or...
I don't know.
I'm into fitness stuff.
So protein bar stuff that's expensive.
But if I want to know if there's a really great deal on it, you can put stuff on there
and your phone will alert you when it's in stock.
Can you all tell Alan's been working out?
I'm very skinny.
Thank you.
I haven't been working out, but Alan has.
I put a Switch notification in Slick Deals and it basically popped up and said,
this isn't technically a deal because it is MSRP, but Costco, Best Buy, Amazon have them
this week for MSRP.
And some people downloaded it because it's not a sale.
Deal is a discount, but that was my way in.
So today says, oh, Alan is one of those people that has an app and steals all the stuff people
want before they see it's in stock.
Okay, but to be fair, he's not scalping.
He bought it for himself.
Yes.
And a lot of the people who vote down those tips when something is in stock that's hard
to find are the resellers.
So the fact that this thing on Slick Deals had like minus 50 downvoted, those are the
scalpers downvoting it because they want to buy out Amazon at $1.99 and then flip it on
eBay for $300.
I just want one and I don't want to pay $400 for it.
And Fifth Dream today says, I know.
And by the way, SJ100 Matt can actually hear.
So Smoosh is all the way in the hallway and they can hear that Smoosh is pissed because
how dare we both be here and not by his side right now.
I don't have mine.
I don't have the squirt bottle.
It's fine.
Yeah.
So anyway, I'm getting a Switch.
I'm getting a Coral one.
I've already got the SD card with a little micro thing.
I have it set aside.
So yeah, I'll be posting my Switch code probably on Twitter Saturday evening and then I'll
probably hop on OLR on Sunday and read it there.
All I'm going to have is Animal Crossing because Switch games are $60 a pop and I'm probably
not going to go.
Well, you have all my games that I have on.
Well, true.
And if I knew this was going to happen, I would have done what Bobby Blackwolf did and
bought the physical one so we could like share the cartridge.
But here we go.
LOL.
Bobby's sitting there laughing.
Ha ha ha.
I'm smarter than Rob is.
This is pretty spontaneous.
I never guessed that he would finally join the Switch bandwagon.
This is like...
And I didn't think Animal Crossing would be the game to break you either, so to speak.
I think it's the circumstances that we're in.
We live in strange times.
We do live in strange times.
But why couldn't we like...
What do you mean swap games?
How?
Like the light isn't digital only.
No, no, it's not digital only.
Yeah.
Then all these cartridges I have in the other room.
Yeah, so we can still do that.
Yeah, you can take any of those games.
Yeah.
But like Animal Crossing or Mario Maker 2 or the things I bought digitally, I don't
have those.
But there's plenty.
You want to play Diablo 3 or something like that?
Yeah, well, okay.
I get your point there.
But like, yeah, I mean, if I want...
The only other game that I want...
Bobby says, to be fair, my wife bought Animal Crossing digitally because she was playing
it too much, I'd only get about 30 minutes a day.
Yeah.
Okay, there it is.
Yeah.
So Bobby is actually not laughing.
He's nodding in agreement.
Yes.
I understand.
I'm gonna take over your Breath of the Wild because I played that for like a dozen hours
and I hope...
Longer than that.
But I haven't played it in a while.
Yeah.
The only other one where I'd want to get, regardless of whether or not you have a copy
of it, would probably be Mario Kart.
I have it.
But like if we wanted to play together, like on our respective switches.
Then that's a little harder.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Smash Brothers.
I love Smash Brothers for GameCube, but because I'm on the light and I don't like the controller
thing, whatever, I'm not worried about Smash Brothers.
All right.
What else am I wanting to ask you about?
First off, a lot of the folks on Twitch...
Sorry to the podcast who can't see.
And also, if Matt or Loki is saying anything, I can't hear him.
So hi, Matt.
No, he's quiet right now.
I'm not being quiet.
All right.
Yeah, Loki's being quiet, but he says hi back.
All right.
Now, a lot of the Twitch people are commenting on...
They're saying, where did Alan get his haircut?
Or how did Alan get a haircut?
And just to be clear, Alan did not go out.
Alan's been very good at the shelter in place.
He just shaved his head.
It's the quarantine desperation.
I can't take this anymore.
Target.
DIY.
You just...
That's right.
Loki's saying it verbally.
You just do this with the guard.
And the guard keeps you from making any severe mistakes.
And then you get your spouse or roommate or significant other.
And you say, get the back.
I can't get the back.
It's fucked up in the back.
And then Rob comes out and he's like, fine.
And then he goes, nah.
So yeah.
But see, you're lucky, though, that you still have everything in the middle.
So the problem for me is that I don't have all this in the middle.
You're going to have to cave at some point.
Or you're going to have the full fur rim, like Friar Tuck.
See, I don't want that.
So I'm just like, luckily, I really love hats.
Yeah.
Or I just have to go down.
Like I have to do like the extra thing and just go like completely.
But I'm like, my head is shaped funny.
I don't like it.
But like, you know, like the back, the back is starting to grow out.
It's like, oh, God.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
When you finally crack, just let me know.
And we'll go outside in the lawn so the hair can go wherever.
And I will happily, the hair that you have, I will happily buzz.
But yeah, no, it's just it's quarantine desperation.
It is.
It is.
All right.
So the reason why you're here, of course, Dark Soccer,
I had to step away for a family emergency, which which fucking sucks.
But I really appreciate you, you know, because I'm like, OK, how do we do this?
I could just have Loki pick something on the fly or I could be something on the fly.
Oh, Alan's got about 15 minutes.
Maybe he can pick something.
So I said, could you pick a classic game of the week?
So because we've done this on the fly, we had to switch out what we were going to do.
Jamie was going to do a pinball table tonight.
I'm sure you all can understand she's not going to do that.
We're going to roll that over to a later week,
whether that be next week, two weeks from now, whenever she she comes back.
But I said, Alan, hey, could you pick something on the fly?
So he did.
I don't have footage of it tonight.
I'm sure you all understand why.
So we're just going to do this on the fly.
But Alan is going to pick the classic game tonight.
So, Alan, what do you want to talk about?
What game do you want to pick tonight?
I want to talk about let me get my and I have played this game multiple times and beat it
multiple times, but it was a long time ago.
So I need to get my sure.
Go for it.
My nodes, a.k.a. Wikipedia.
Meanwhile, I'll read comments from chat.
Miss DOLR says, Alan, why do you think one of the first things I'm doing when the salons
actually reopen is getting my hair cut?
With precautions.
But I don't even have the other house person help me make my back even option now.
Yeah, but let me tell you what.
Those haircut places are going to be swamped when it's safe to do so.
So just make an appointment.
I'm not too proud to admit this, but for about two years now, I have been getting my
when you're a man of a certain age, like in your late 30s, early 40s, the hair on your
nose, in your nose, your ears and your eyebrows, we're just going to do whatever the fuck we
want.
You can figure it out.
So I would get wax.
I would get my eyebrows and ears and nose waxed.
And you can't tell right now, but there's a lot of chaos here.
This the fact that I have two eyebrows, that's my doing with the razor blade.
So I miss the wax salon.
I want to get...
You want your Brazilian?
Yes, my face Brazilian, whatever.
Just yoink.
Absolutely.
And this is like, I got like some Abe Vigoda type, you know, the guy with the eyebrows
that's going on in my ears.
It's not cute.
Oh my God, you died.
Have some class.
Oh God.
I'm just kidding.
Once you turn 35, it truly is downhill.
That's not true.
I've loved my 30s and my 40s are okay.
I mean, this COVID shit ain't helping, but until that happened, it was all right.
All right.
Classic game of the week.
What is it?
Okay, so this game, I want to see if the chat room can guess.
It's for the PS2.
It came out in America in October of 2001.
Came out in August in Japan, same year, 2001, PS2 title.
It was directed by Hideki Kamiya, who was the director of Resident Evil 2.
And it was a genre breaking, genre inventing edgelord, beat him up, mega gothic extravaganza.
And that is Devil May Cry.
Props to Orange Riot hit it first.
Devil May Cry, cause I got a PS2 on launch, which I think came out March of 2000.
So by the time Devil May Cry came out, PS2 was out for about 15 months.
And for me personally, DMC, which not referring to the DMC remake that came out like six years
ago that everyone hated, but as an abbreviation, the first Devil May Cry for me was PS2's killer app.
Like this is why I have this console.
This is new, this is fun.
I've never seen anything like this before.
Shit's wild.
I want to bring friends over to show them this.
That was that game for me, because I had like tech and tag tournament and SSX snowboarding
and some of the other launch titles.
A few things had trickled in.
PS2, of course, the 3D compared to the original PlayStation was quite incredible, but Devil
May Cry was it for me, where I was like, I've now justified the price of the, I don't
know, $400 that thing cost.
It is a 3D action hack and slash.
It counted up your combos.
There were very ridiculous moves where you're flipping, you're juggling enemies in the air.
You're flipping weapons in the middle of combos.
You're shooting lasers.
You have a demon form.
It is very self-aware, edgelord, hot topic, like, my name's Dementia Raven, Gerald Darkway,
Black Parade way, like, goth.
And in the intro, Dante is at his private detective's office, and a blonde chick drives
a motorcycle through his door and lands the motorcycle on him, and it's very cuckoo bananas.
Devil May Cry is the precursor to Bayonetta.
If you've played Bayonetta, then you know what Devil May Cry is like, because that's
sort of the, Dante is Bayonetta's father, in no sense.
Not daddy, though.
That's between the two of them.
I don't know what they do.
That's their business.
Hideki Kamiya, like I said, he was the director of Resident Evil 2.
He then went on to Platinum Games, where he also did, of course, Bayonetta and Bayonetta
2.
Wonderful 101, I think, was his.
He wrote the story for Viewtiful Joe 1 and 2.
He blocked me on Twitter.
What did you say to him?
No, but he's blocked a lot of people.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, I think he is a preemptive, he's a good internet troll, but he's an internet troll
that kind of has not the thickest skin, so he is good at riling up his fans and irritating
the shit out of them, but then if you kind of say something snotty back, I think he will
block you, which isn't the best mix.
So, the style with the tight, challenging gameplay was what made Devil May Cry such
a success.
It had a very, it was easy to learn, impossible, quote unquote, to master.
It had a very sharp learning curve if you wanted to, or a very steep learning curve
if you wanted to get an S or SS class on all the missions, all the levels, you had
to play them over and over again.
There was easy, normal, hard, nightmare mode, are you stupid mode, all that stuff.
If you were a masochist before Dark Souls, you beat Devil May Cry and you put on Nightmare
and then you had yourself a great old time.
Definitely was replayable.
Once you got good at it in normal mode, you could probably play it again from start to
finish and realize, oh, you shaved two hours off your time.
So, yeah, action, arcade, very violent, demons and monsters.
I had very little time to put this together, but you get the idea.
You're doing great, sweetie.
Go on YouTube, look up Devil May Cry 2001 if you've never played it.
Also, really good soundtrack, don't really know who did the music, though.
But you can get it now pretty much anything relevant current day.
You can get it on PS4 or Xbox One as a digital download.
It's on the Switch because everything's on the Switch now.
Came out June 2019.
You can get it on PC.
Devil May Cry had a sequel, Devil May Cry 2.
They did not ask Hideki Kamiya if he wanted to be a part of it.
They just greenlit it and put people on it that weren't him.
And he still, at the time when they interviewed him about it, he's like, I don't know why
they made the sequel without me.
Capcom just did their own thing.
Devil May Cry 2 is considered the worst of the series.
DMC3, which is about him, Dante, and his brother, Virgil.
The game is very, very loosely based off of Milton's Paradise Lost.
I think there was that one Edgelord game for the PS3 that came out that was also based
on that.
So yeah, Trish, Virgil, Dante.
DMC3 was a prequel, which was very successful and very fun to play.
Then there was DMC4 and DMC5 after the series was put on hiatus because I'm not sure what
year it was, 2012, 2013.
They sort of remade Dante as this very Twinkie type.
It was too Hot Topic, Edgelord, Grim Dark, Raven, Dementia Way.
It was too much.
You know, Kamiya knew how to keep it at like a 7 and they went a full 10 and it did not
work.
So because that game kind of flopped, they were like, oh, Capcom didn't really know what
they wanted to do with it.
Finally, they greenlit and made Devil May Cry 5, which came out last year.
And my understanding is that was successful and that was a lot of fun to play.
I have it.
I haven't played past the tutorial stage.
And why not?
Girl, how many games do we have on Steam that we haven't played?
Are you going to ask me that question?
Drag me, expose me.
So yeah, you can get DMC1, 2, and 3 on Steam.
It's a trilogy.
For some reason, DMC3 standalone 4 and 5 are on sale right now on Steam, but the original
1, 2, and 3 trilogy is like a package.
It's full retail.
I think it's 39 or 49.
Maybe put that on your Steam wish list and wait for one of the bigger sales to come up.
But if you want to play it, you have half a dozen ways to do so, is what I'm trying
to say.
So yeah, that's the classic game of the week.
Came out in 2001, which is 19 years ago.
Thank you for the reminder that we're all getting older.
Appreciate that.
Disgusting.
All right.
All right.
Well, Alan, you did great.
You guys have to know again, I gave him like 10 minutes notice.
Hi, can you jump in and do this segment?
And he did it.
I checked the Wiki and I was like, all right, there's got to be, because there's always
the game that's like, how have we not done this before?
Devil May Cry was it?
All right.
Yeah.
That's why I put a ring on it.
Yep.
All right.
Thanks, Alan.
Bye.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
And I'm going to switch back to my less noisy mic, you guys.
Thank you for dealing with some of our life changes.
Again, Dark Sakura had to step away early due to an emergency and hoping everything's
okay in our soccer Ville.
Okay.
Moving on, though, we still have some news to cover and some things to get to before
we wrap up tonight's show.
So we got some rapid fire news.
We're going to try to get into here.
So, Loki, do you want to start?
Yeah.
Let's talk about what's coming out for free games with your online subscriptions for Xbox
slide game with golden PlayStation network.
So starting with games of gold, you have the rally four, which is going to be made first
through the three verse and then Warhammer 40,000 Inquisitor Martyr that's going to be
coming out May 16th through June 15th.
And then the Xbox 360 compatible games Sensible World of Soccer for the first half of May
and Overlord two for the second half of May.
That is a game I have not played in a long time.
Overlord.
Then let's see, although it's weird, though, because in their screenshot, they show Overlord,
not Overlord two.
So I wonder if that's not accurate or not.
Let's see here.
But anyways, we've got for the PlayStation side of the house, the city skylines and farming
simulator 19 are going to be the two games you get.
Those are some choices.
Well, city skylines.
I mean, I keep forgetting like that's a console game, you know, like that to me, like that
is like a SimCity type of successor.
Like that's the game that showed up when the SimCity reboot like stunk.
So I keep associating that as PC.
I never think of that as a PS4 game, but I guess, you know, maybe this release is going
to change some of those notions.
Farming Simulator.
I'm not trying to dog on that game, but I feel like that's shown up as the free game
multiple places right now.
So it's kind of like because that was that was a Stadia Pro game not that long ago.
So I mean, yeah.
And it's you know, I don't know a lot of people that are going to get that excited about farming
simulator, but it's different.
It could be a fun game to stream if you haven't, you know, you don't know what you're doing.
It's true.
I don't know.
It's true.
Hey, you know what?
Those like those truck driving simulator things with the Eurotruck simulator, whatever.
Those games are fucking fun.
So you know what?
Anyway, I shouldn't talk shit.
Yeah, do some farming.
If you're ready to do some farming.
Sure.
All right.
And this is kind of cool.
So we have always been talking about a lot of different things you can make with Dreams
and all these cool creations.
So somebody took the whole concept of Lego Super Mario.
You know, the actual sets are coming out here within a matter of months.
They took that and they've made a Lego Super Mario game in Dreams using the character model
and everything completely from scratch.
Pretty amazing, though, the little gameplay that they did it and it was 60 plus hours
so far being put into the game to make that.
And they even had like a behind the scenes video showing how they modeled everything
and just an amazing job.
No copyright takedown yet?
Not yet, because wasn't that a thing just like two weeks ago we had like Mario games
getting taken down in Dreams?
Like, how does this not happen here?
Mario and Lego this time.
Oh, but you're fringing on two IPs.
Great job.
Multiple IPs.
Multiple, why not?
You're going to fridge on IPs.
Let's do multiples.
Um, but yeah, that's like, that's like when what's his name posts the video with all the
copyright stuff so that they all infringe on each other.
They all file infringement stuffs on each other.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, copyright deadlock or whatever it is.
Yeah.
All right.
So if you want to check it out, just look for Lego Super Mario, the video game.
And it's by the game designer, barely regal.
So which classy, which by the way, um, there is a free demo of Dreams.
It just came out.
I was reading about, I haven't grabbed it myself yet, but I don't know if it's something
where you can like, just play the creations or if it's timed or what the restrictions
on the demo are.
But, um, if you're curious about this game, which Dreams is one of those things where
I'm always like, Oh yeah, I need to get on that.
I need to get on that.
You know what?
I really need to get on that.
And then it's like, you know, but animal crossing.
And so I never like get to it, but maybe a demo would be a nice little shove in the
right direction.
Right.
So you have a chance.
So, all right.
Moving on, let's talk about some changes coming up to Final Fantasy 14 and its next
patch.
You may not be aware, but some of the things that people don't like about Final Fantasy
14 is that the story from the original expansion, a realm reborn, the first 50 levels of the
game you have to play.
Some people feel it is too fucking long.
And, um, yeah, yeah, it's, it's, it's a little long.
So this is an interesting thing they're doing in the patch.
They are cutting out some of the con you never, you never think about celebrating the removal
of content as good news, but in the case of Final Fantasy 14, people are relatively happy
that, uh, they're going to be scaling back the content in a realm reborn.
I believe they're saying about 13%.
So some of the, uh, stuff you have to get through to get to the expansions, it's going
to be rebalanced, changed.
Uh, you won't have to worry about consistently hitting this block where you can't progress
with the story because they're going to balance it.
So the story gives you enough experience to just keep going through the story.
So that's pretty cool.
And they're adding new stuff as well, including the next section of the Nier Automata inspired
raid called the Puppets Bunker.
And I'm looking forward to playing that because I, I was very late to the party on Nier and
it's really cool.
And I like the look and especially the music.
I love the music in that game.
So, uh, very looking forward to what the music is going to be like in that, uh, particular
raid.
That'll be really cool.
And they're also going to continue the storyline around the Ruby weapon, uh, which was something
you fought already.
And they're going to be increasing the difficulty of, uh, past raids.
So some of the old level 50 raids will be coming back, uh, and getting a lot harder.
Uh, Ziba is asking over in our chat room, Rob, what server do you play on?
Cactuar.
I've been bouncing around.
I started on Midgar Summer.
I was on, um, Hyperion during the last expansion.
Now I'm on Cactuar.
And, um, I finally changed my character.
I'm no longer Lil Poundcake.
That was my old character.
I've changed.
I should, should I say my new character?
Am I going to get trolled if I give away my new character?
Do you want to know my new character name?
Loki, do you want to know my new character?
You might like it.
Sure.
What is it?
My new character's name is Jeremy Bearimy.
So there you go.
All right.
Uh, moving on, uh, also talking about Apex Legends.
Apex Legends is introducing a new hero, a thief named Loba.
And if you've been following the game, you may have seen Loba before.
She has a connection to Revenant, uh, that joined the game in season four.
In this new update for Apex Legends, there's going to be a new,
a hundred new items for people to unlock, including legendary skins,
Apex packs, uh, a new quest mechanic apparently is going to be in the game.
That's pretty cool.
I haven't checked out Apex since it first launched.
I didn't read, really need to get back into it.
Um, because I think there there's like duos mode in that now.
And they've added some other fun stuff to that.
So, okay.
Hey, anybody out there play Apex?
Like, do they, did they ever put in like a solo type mode?
Like where, or something where you can play against AI to get better
at the game before you just go back to the game?
Yeah.
When they had the Titanfall into the game.
Yeah.
I'd be looking for that too.
That'd be pretty cool.
All right.
Um, let me try to tackle the headlines Jamie had, and then you can fill in any gaps.
Okay.
Loki.
Um, so number one, uh, Evo 2020 got canceled.
Uh, so they're not going to be doing Evo 2020.
Does that really surprise anyone?
Not really.
Sadly, uh, everything is getting canceled.
Um, but they're going to be doing an online event in its place.
Um, I know, uh, this was brought up on Bobby's show.
He had a caller tonight that was talking on his show a little bit about it and how it's
going to be interesting to see how it plays out because like disconnects happen and the
internet isn't always the greatest on some of these games.
There's lag and yeah.
So, um, I don't know if it's going to be the best solution, but right now there isn't a
lot of other solutions.
So yeah, it's what they might have to do.
So, uh, we'll see, uh, what, how Evo goes, but I'm sure they want to get back to Vegas
as soon as possible.
Uh, and then the other big story, and this is actually a big, big deal.
We just don't have a lot, a lot of information.
Um, Assassin's Creed Valhalla was announced.
It's going to be like a Vikings, a Norse mythology kind of themed Assassin's Creed
game, right?
It's, uh, going to make a God of War game where they just aren't making the God of War
game, but yeah, they did the, um, whole cinematic trailer this week.
And then part of the Xbox thing that they're doing next week, they're going to show gameplay.
Oh, okay.
Oh, that might be one.
Okay.
So that's one of the games that, uh, Microsoft's going to show them at that event.
Good to know.
Um, so yeah, but, uh, I I'm curious if it'll have like a rich history mode, like Odyssey
had, you know how, like they, they really tried to make Assassin's Creed more than just
like the single player campaign.
I think it could be very interesting.
So we'll see more details to come.
We just know the basic, basic stuff right now.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out release dates.
Uh, Loki, we'll start with the U S I don't even know if we have any games coming out,
but, um, well, we, we have a few things, so not a whole lot.
We've got John Wick hacks on PlayStation four and void bastards on Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four.
And that's it.
Yeah.
A little bit of a slower week right now.
Um, especially when most of the game stores are closed.
Well, I guess in some, some States are starting to open that type of stuff back up.
Huh?
So I keep, you know, my, my perspective is very California and we're probably going to
be the last state to reopen.
And I'm okay.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, anyhow, moving on to Japan.
Honestly, when I look at Japanese releases, I don't see anything on the Nintendo switch
and that's probably just, you know, again, do the situation.
And this is empty on PlayStation four as well.
You know, I'm looking at an importer website, so I don't know if, um, the imports are just
slowing down because of what's going on, which should be understandable.
But according to my list, as it currently stands, we don't have any releases in Japan
right now.
And that just could be because of the world situation.
Um, so that's all I got.
How about the UK?
Nothing in the UK either.
All right.
It's going to be going to be a slow month until we get to the other end of this stuff.
All right.
Uh, this would be the part of the show where we would usually read emails, which actually
I'm going to check again, cause I checked before the show and we didn't have any emails.
Um, but somebody actually asked for the address at the top of the show.
So I'm wondering if they didn't write in during the show.
And since we don't have Jamie with us tonight, we're going to have a little less content.
Uh, Loki, can you buy me time while I put, pull up the emails?
Cause I wasn't originally planning to, but I think somebody emailed.
Yes.
So as you may know, um, we, I think we may have even been last week, uh, Rick may, who,
uh, voice the soldier in team fortress two passed away, um, a few weeks ago, actually
on April 13th.
And, um, because of this to memorialize or tribute Rick may, um, now in team fortress
two valve has updated Memorial statues featuring a soldier as a tribute.
Um, so those are going to be in game, I guess, at least through the month of may in honor
of the passing of the voice actor.
That's a very nice gesture.
All right.
We do this.
Well, actually we do have a lot of emails.
I'm glad I went back and looked because before the show, we didn't have anything.
Now we have like three, so we've got a lot of emails to get through.
Let's get to it and you can email us as well.
Participate at orange laundry.com.
We love getting emails.
Here we go.
First email from Frodo swagons.
Hey all, there are a couple of games coming up that look pretty interesting to me.
Was wondering if you've heard of them and or what you think of them.
Minecraft dungeons is the first one.
Uh, I'm going to just jump in and answer this right now.
I already have that downloaded via Xbox game pass to my Xbox one.
I'm, I'm pretty hyped for my craft dungeon because it speaks to two of my interests.
I'm, I'm kind of a casual on Minecraft.
I don't, but I think it's cool, but I love Diablo.
And so I'm all about like a new, like triple a dungeon explore.
I've been trying to fill the gap with some of the other,
like there's plenty of roguelikes and dungeon explorers out there.
Things like dead cells, wizard of legend, and all those games are great, but I'm,
I'm looking to see what a big name like Minecraft kind of brings to the table.
So yes, um, usually when we get the emails, I'm always kind of like, no,
I haven't heard a lot about, no, this one.
Yes, I have.
Uh, Loki, what about you?
I'm interested in it.
I haven't purchased it at all.
Do you know if there's a cross play on that at all?
Good question.
I'm not sure off the top of my head.
I think I don't see why not.
It's got to have PC and Xbox.
It's a Microsoft game essentially at the end of the day.
Oh, um, yeah, I'll probably pick it up on PC.
Uh, and I know Frodo, you didn't ask, but our chat room is popping in too.
And every gamer gets a voice here.
So SGA 100 Matt says Minecraft dungeons looks great.
Diablo with Minecraft.
Yeah.
I thought, I thought it looked cool too.
Um, Loki, I know you and your family play Minecraft sometimes.
So I thought maybe dungeons might interest you.
So there you go.
The other game we played this week, I did play Minecraft a little bit.
Oh, did you?
That's right.
You have a server up now, don't you?
Or is that not public?
Yeah, it's realms.
So it's like, uh, it's like a server, but smaller scale.
It's up to 10 or 15 people.
I can't remember what the, I think it's 10 that you pay.
And it's like, like eight bucks a month or something like that.
And it's officially sanctioned like through the actual, uh, Minecraft stuff.
But yeah, we only do it because it's up to you of us.
Okay.
Is it just your family or like?
Yeah, just myself and the kids.
Okay.
Cause I was gonna say, I'll come crash.
If it's a family thing, I won't come crash.
No, you can come crash.
Yeah.
I don't know what I do.
I dig, I dig a big hole in the ground and live, live in it.
Like I play Minecraft.
Like I'm a fucking ant.
Like, no.
And here I said, you know, I didn't really play much in Minecraft.
We actually, no, we did.
We did take on the Ender Dragon this week.
So, um, that was fun.
So we did that as a family and now, um, the kids want to build the wither to
fight the wither.
So, um, I was helping them with that.
All right.
Um, now the chat room is pulling through by doing live fact checking for us.
Thank you, chat.
Love you.
Uh, Questbuster says cross play, not at launch, but Mojang said they will be
working on it post.
So, all right.
There's that.
All right.
Anyhow, the other game, I'm moving back to Frodo's Wagon's email.
The other game is Assassin's Creed Valhalla.
Have you heard of this one?
Funny you should bring this up now.
Uh, we just talked about it.
I never got to be a big fan of the assassin games, but this game looks pretty
damn good.
I was a big fan of the Vikings series and this looks to be right up that alley.
I'm not a hundred percent sure on this, but I heard when you buy a copy of the
game on Xbox that you get two different versions.
One version for all Xbox consoles up to the Xbox one X and one version that is
only for the series X with all of the extra power.
If that is true, it's kind of cool how Microsoft is going about that, including
all of that.
Anyway, hope all is well Frodo's wagons.
Actually, I believe it's actually kind of the opposite.
It's that you buy one copy of the game and it's automatically upgraded to the
Xbox series X version when you upgrade your console, because that's what
Microsoft's been flexing on some of their games, right?
Like, like Halo is going to or Halo six, whatever they're calling it.
Infinite is going to be the same thing, right?
Like you can play it on an Xbox one X.
And when you buy it there, it automatically transfers to series X.
And the reality is Microsoft really wants you to play that stuff on game pass
so they can get money from you every month.
And it obviously those will be upgraded depending on whatever console you're on.
But I believe Assassin's Creed is actually, you just buy it once and now
you'll have it on all consoles.
Am I wrong on that?
Thank you.
I don't remember.
DJ Rama S says correct.
Okay.
That's what I thought.
Yeah.
And because that's, that's supposed to be a big draw about the game for
Microsoft and one that Sony kind of hasn't answered yet.
Although we know that unlike this last time, Sony fully intends to have
PlayStation four games be playable on PlayStation five.
Remember there was that whole kind of awkward top 100 games comment that
they had to kind of go back and clarify.
No, they're trying to get everything, but you know, they're just, they have
their priorities, you know, that whole thing.
So we know things like last of us to Final Fantasy seven remake, the
recent shit it's going to play on PlayStation five, will it, will it be.
I'm sorry.
Read into it.
Like, uh, that they were going to ignore all that stuff.
It's just that, you know, like Microsoft, they have so much that they've
started with, you know, making backwards compatible and then they're rolling
other stuff out as they get through it.
But, you know, obviously they have their priorities.
Yeah.
So awesome.
I just closed the mailbag before I got to the next email.
Uh, do you, have you been given any thought Loki too, if you're going to
pick up PlayStation five, Xbox one X, like, do you think any of that is in
your future this year?
Uh, I don't know.
Maybe Xbox that's kind of, I don't know on the fence of that.
Cause I do have a PC, so I can just pick up stuff on there.
True.
Um, but, uh, PlayStation, maybe, I don't know.
Have to see what they actually have.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Um, come on.
Now, of course, now that I need to get it back into the mailbag, I'm
getting the whole spinning thing.
All right.
There we go.
Finally.
Good heavens.
Okay.
Our next email comes to us from Pixel Pacas who says, hi, OLR.
I wanted to let y'all know about a really great game that came out
recently.
It's a visual novel called A Summer's End and focuses on the budding
romance between two women living in Hong Kong during the 1980s.
Well, that is a very kind of niche sort of thing.
I can't think of a lot of games that have taken on, uh, same sex female
relationships in Hong Kong in the 1980s.
Uh, are there other video games that cover that, that you can think of
Logie?
No.
So this may be a first.
I don't know.
No, that, but you know what?
I also like, it might, you might think I'm making fun of it.
I'm really not.
Like I really fucking love games that make you consider differently or
tell a different story that you might not have thought of otherwise.
So already in this first paragraph, you have my attention.
Visual novels are a genre pretty close to my heart and I play them all
the time.
For those who have never played the genre, there are a surprising
amount of titles focused on LGBTQ themes.
With that being said, most of these visual novels depict absolutely no
conflict around being gay.
This is a wonderful fantasy, but certainly doesn't reflect many
people's actual experiences.
A Summer's End uses both the timeframe and setting to make the storyline
more realistic than most visual novels.
The protagonist must come to terms with her sexuality and decide whether
to live her own truth or live with her mother's traditional expectations.
Her struggles really echoed my own, which is something I've never felt
reflected in a game before.
Oh, okay.
So interesting that you call that out because you're right.
A lot of games, like, let's say like Dream Daddy.
Okay.
That's an extremely well-known visual novel game that takes on LGBT
themes.
And it's never like, okay, these dudes are gay.
Cool.
You know, it's accepted by everybody.
It's just the way it is in the game.
So we don't often really get to explore the reality for many of us that
are in the LGBT community where it's not always accepted by everyone
right away.
This game might make you experience that a little bit.
So where I said just a minute ago, you know, I like exploring these
types of things that I might not otherwise understand.
You know, I certainly don't know what it's like to be a woman in Hong
Kong in 1980s.
I may have some experience with, you know, being gay and coming out and
all that, but like, this is a game that a lot of people could maybe,
like, learn something from in a way.
And I think that's really cool about novels.
And I bet there's, I know there's all types of these games out there.
You know, I know that.
Steam just had like a freaking expo they were doing.
They were doing like a, it was like, it was a play on Ludum Dare was the
name of it.
Somebody in chat is going to yell it.
I know I should bring my chat window back up.
And Steam was having this big exhibition of all these visual novel games
recently.
And you know what?
I'm sure there's all sorts of themes that are explored in these games.
And it honestly, it's probably something I need to be a little more
familiar with.
But sometimes, like, seriously, if you went to Steam during this and saw
the list of games, it can almost be overwhelming.
It's like there's 500 visual novel games to choose from.
And it is overwhelming, but you know, it's very akin to walking into a
library.
Every book has some sort of story to tell.
And every game, even though I'm overwhelmed, like, Oh my God, 500
games, you know, to pick from, what do I do?
Every one of them has a story to tell.
And some of them may be things you've never experienced before.
Thank you.
PixelPakas is in chat right now.
It's Ludo Narakon, narrator, Narakon.
So thank you.
That was what I knew.
It was like a play on, like, I thought, like, Ludum Dare or something.
Okay.
Anyway, moving on with the rest of the email.
Just wanted to share this beautiful game with the OLR audience.
It's currently available on Steam for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
The developers want to bring it to consoles, but nothing is confirmed
yet.
That again from PixelPakas and the game one more time.
A Summer's End.
So cool.
I'm going to put that on my list.
So next time I get presented with a list of these 500 titles, I'll know
which one to look for.
So thank you.
You know what?
And sometimes these, like, I want to say, like, these, these lower stress
games, I don't know, maybe a novel can be very stressful.
Certainly they can.
But you guys know what I mean.
The games that always get dogged as walking simulators, like Edith Finch,
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, Dear Esther, all those types of games
usually get, I know those aren't visual novels, but I think
what they have similarly is that those types of games always get
dogged on for not having much of a game behind it.
But the stories behind it and what you go through in the game is very
impressive.
And I think that's something that probably is a common thread between
this and visual novel games, is that visual novel games aren't
necessarily hard per se.
Although, I mean, if you think about it, games like King's Quest and that
shit back in the day was a visual novel, sort of, sort of.
And, you know, there's definitely stories to tell there.
Anyway, I could go on and on, but thank you for the recommendation.
All right.
And our last email tonight, last but not least, from YYR.
Hello, LR.
I cannot begin to tell you how excited I was that Kirby's Dream Land
was last week's classic game of the week.
It's one of my all-time favorite games on any platforms.
One of my favorite things about it, well, apart from the fantastic music,
some of the best graphics on the original Game Boy and the sheer joy
that comes from controlling that squishy puff ball is how the
developers made the game so customizable.
It can be as challenging or as easy as you want.
The base game is very easy.
An average Joe, who is even slightly competent at platforming and action
games, can complete it without much trouble.
But as was mentioned on last week's segment, when you complete the game,
you receive a code to unlock a much more difficult level.
Extra game, as this was called, was not simply a lazy tacked on mode
where enemies do more damage, although this is also true.
Most of the enemies either had entirely different behaviors or
completely replaced by new enemies.
All of the game's bosses had totally new patterns and attacks.
If anyone was disappointed by the default difficulty,
they'd generally be happy with this one.
But once you manage to complete extra game, you receive a second secret code.
This not only unlocks an awesome sound test feature, but also allows you
to customize the life bar and the number of lives you start with.
You can even combine this with extra game code if you want,
making the game's difficulty 100% customizable.
This was and still is a rarity in video gaming and serves to make the
game even more awesome than it otherwise was.
One of my favorite challenges is to play the easy difficulty,
but with only a single hit point.
Can you do it?
You ought to try.
Anyway, I'll end with an apology.
Sorry, but I have no plans to add the Super Scope support to
Sharpshooter Plus, darn.
But I hope that you'll continue to enjoy the game without it.
We will.
Actually, I do have a plan to add support for some other devices eventually,
possibly later this year, but, well, stay tuned.
Hope you're all staying happy and healthy.
Have a great week.
Sucking and spitting, Aaron, yyr.
Thanks for the note, yyr.
Appreciate it.
And yeah, go pick up Sharpshooter Plus if you haven't picked that up already.
And it's always great to hear from yyr.
You know what that kind of reminds me of when you talk about like a mode
that you run through it the second time and the enemies change?
Remember when you beat Super Mario Brothers for the first time?
You kind of got like the second quest.
You'd run through it again, but now the goombas are the little beetle dudes
and some things are faster and some things have changed.
I feel like the roots of that mode in Kirby are kind of rooted in what you
saw there in like Super Mario Brothers and earlier games like that.
And it's kind of, yeah, it's kind of something that was really unique to that
era, the 8-bit games, and I'm looping Game Boy in with 8-bit games,
kind of unique to that era we don't see as much of anymore.
I mean, we see like harder modes and things that get unlocked and so forth,
like, you know, replacing monsters, changing their behavior,
allowing you to customize things.
You didn't see that or you saw that more back in the day.
You don't see it as much now, but pretty cool.
Thanks. Thank you for the trip down memory lane.
I appreciate that. And I will share that with Jamie when I can.
All right. That is it for the email back.
So we had a lot of emails considering I looked before the show and there was none.
We got like three right at the buzzer there.
So I appreciate that, guys. Awesome.
Yeah. Awesome. All right.
Well, let's get back into a few more stories here before we wrap up for the night.
So, Loki, why don't you start us off?
So I've been wondering for a while, it's like,
when are we going to start using these amiibos again?
Because, you know, obviously, since we didn't really have much amiibo support,
or I don't think any. I don't know about you,
but I've finally been using those Animal Crossing ones I collected to get,
I guess, for Animal Crossing. All those posters. Yeah.
But I'm talking about like, you know, for like Mario Maker 2 and stuff.
So I was wondering, when's this going to happen?
Well, apparently that may be happening soon.
So thanks to a new patent filed by Nintendo,
it appears that amiibos are going to be back in a brand new game.
So the functionality, I can't really tell what they're doing with this.
For example, it looks like some sort of RPG or something like that.
They show like a picture of like playing as the squid kid or something like that.
So I'm wondering if this is going to somehow allow you to play as
different amiibo characters in certain games.
Um, pretty neat though. I'm not really sure what exactly it's supposed to be
that they're developing, but maybe we'll hear about that soon.
That could be really cool if that's like a Nintendo online thing,
that like you could download a free, you know, simple,
simple-ish RPG where your amiibo are the characters.
It makes me think there's this Disney game
they've been pushing on a lot of ad platforms lately.
That's essentially like an RPG with different characters.
It's all like a gacha mechanic, but you unlock different,
it's like Disney sorcery or something like that.
I don't know. I'm not going to, they're not paying me.
I'm not going to plug it, but they have something like that.
So I'm thinking like, what if like, okay, well, instead of like gacha,
what if Nintendo use like amiibo to kind of have their own type of like RPG game
that you could build your team and fight against other teams and things like that.
And maybe it's something they tied in Nintendo online.
It's like, here's another perk of being a Nintendo online subscriber.
Cause you know, we're going to have that year is about to come up again.
Many people got another year free thanks to Twitch prime,
but I'm going to guess that doesn't happen again.
So people are going to have to, you know, pay the money for another year
and people will probably do it just for animal crossing.
But you know, what, what other value are they going to bring to that Tetris 99?
That was a great one, but what else?
You know, cause the, the classic library, those wells have been drying up.
Yeah.
I don't know with all the Nintendo and super Nintendo games on there, man.
So it's a NES remix or super NES remix.
I know, but I take a amiibo based RPG.
Why not give me more value to all those little suckers that I spent all that money on?
I'd love it.
If they had like an amiibo RPG game, I'd already have like 200 characters.
It might not that many, but I'd have a lot.
I would have a lot considering all the characters that I have.
It might not support everything though.
Like they might not have the rights to use something like cloud.
Um, but they could probably use, I mean, the third party stuff.
There aren't a lot of those.
Most of them are based around Nintendo first party franchises and they can do whatever
they want with those.
So it'd be interesting to see if that actually happens.
All right.
Well, moving on to talk about Xbox game pass and how well it's been doing, uh, as of late,
you know, I, I was talking about game pass.
I was using it to play streets of rage four.
I think it's pretty neat.
And a lot of other people apparently tuning onto it as well.
Excuse me.
Game pass has over 10 million subscribers.
That's a pretty big landmark, 10 million people on game pass.
Uh, Phil Spencer, head of Xbox noted this recently in a new blog post talking about
how the service is continuing to grow.
That was up from 9.5 million last year.
Uh, and, uh, also in the blog post, it was noted subscribers are playing games twice
as much since the COVID 19 pandemic started.
And I'm kind of one of those people.
I wasn't really dipping into like deeply into the library.
I might check out a first party Microsoft title when it's released,
but I wasn't playing a lot of other stuff now.
I've been like, I've been going deep in that library and playing everything.
So, um, yeah, I think game pass has been great for me.
So, um, congrats to them on 10 million.
That means I think this is going to be around for awhile.
I'm very curious to see how they build this into the Xbox series X economy and
essentially if video games don't generally just go a Netflix direction like movies have.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Yeah.
I mean, definitely it would be a more appealing offer for me if they had more games on the
PC side of things.
Um, that may be why I may need to get one of the series X's.
Um, well that a 4k monitor, I would assume.
So, um, we'll see.
S2 and her mountain chat says I still don't have game pass.
I should probably get it at this rate.
My issue is that I'm trying to finish the game I already have before getting more.
Yeah.
Um, if you're worried about your backlog expanding, Xbox game pass isn't really going to help
with that.
Um, but it's still pretty impressive.
I also want my one other thing about game pass is that it's got a decent selection.
I wish it were a little larger because I feel like there's a very rich Xbox 360 and original
Xbox library that they haven't fully tapped into as much as they could.
Um, and maybe that's probably has to do with rights licenses and so forth, but even first
party Microsoft titles, we don't have enough of those on game pass.
And so that's maybe where I'd like to see game pass really round out because I'm telling,
you know, and I understand it's probably a little harder to get the current stuff it's
over, but like these Xbox 360 games that, you know, they probably don't make money anymore.
They're not selling them new.
They're probably only moving around on the third party market, maybe a few digital copies
here and there, but think about how much, you know, you might be able to make on a subscription
based thing where it's like, Oh, you know, all these games that I haven't touched in
like 10 years, I can go back and check out, you know, so it'd be cool.
So we'll see.
I do.
I still would recommend game pass as it is.
It's fine.
But I think, Ooh, if we could just like round out that library even more with like a stronger,
like retro ish.
It's weird to talk about Xbox 360 as retro, but that's what it is.
What was that again?
It was, uh, um, what the hell was the, uh, the Xbox arcade thing?
Oh, game room.
Oh, don't get me started.
Game room.
Come on.
I'd love it.
But the rights get complicated because of all the Atari games and all that stuff.
But yeah, we'll see.
We'll see what comes of that.
All right.
Moving on.
Do you want to do this Loki?
You want me to take it or the next story that Jamie had?
Okay.
Yeah, I can talk about it.
So, um, we've got the university of Utah, obviously not going to be able to hold their
graduation, um, live, um, at least outside when the world there, but apparently they're
going to be holding it digitally in a video game that they designed.
So, um, they're going to be able to join in, in that video game as different avatars and
be able to walk down the aisle.
And I don't know, this whole game looks like Roblox.
I swear to God.
But, uh, anyways, um, so yeah, they're going to be doing this digital ceremony and being
allowed, I guess also streaming on Twitch so that your family and friends can watch.
Cool.
Pretty neat.
Hey, it's making the best of a not so great situation, but you know, I know a lot of people
have been doing the zoom stuff to keep in touch and yeah, it's, it's cool.
So, you know, it's, it's something it's what we got to do in these times.
Just think I kind of like the, the lobbies and everything that they made, like, I don't
know, it looks like it's almost like unreal four or something, but yeah, it just looks
like people dressed up like in cosplay on most people, avatar things over their head.
But I don't know.
It's pretty cool.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf and chat points out, I had a Facebook friend post about playing
retro classic games with their kid during shelter in place.
They were playing Wii bowling,
which I mean, we, what we bowling was 2006.
That's a 14 year old game.
Sorry.
Play what you got.
It's just funny to call it retro, but it is right.
It would qualify as classic game of the week.
Wouldn't it?
It's over 10 years old.
All right.
Which I'm actually, no, we say that I'm kind of surprised that hasn't come up maybe in
the future.
All right.
It may have, I'm surprised it hasn't been.
I don't think so.
I don't know.
There's always games that come up.
Just like, just like dark soccer.
Like a couple of weeks ago, she picked a game where it's like, how have I never picked this
game?
It just happens.
There's, there's a lot of games out there.
All right.
Uh, moving on just a couple more stories for you guys.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about Nintendo again.
And unfortunately, since you may not be using, um, the Wii U very much, their eShop is of
course closing July 31st.
Same with Nintendo 3DS, uh, July 31st in some countries.
So not everywhere.
Um, several countries in the Caribbean and Latin America are closing shop there.
Um, there's too many to list fortunately, but it is unfortunate those are closing.
I guess you just got to move on to the new platforms.
Um, yeah, both shops in Mexico and Brazil will be exempt from these closures.
Yeah.
So I'm not terribly surprised to hear about Wii U and again, this is other countries,
not the US.
I'm not terribly surprised to hear about Wii U going away because I think Nintendo is ready
to let that shit go.
Um, which it does.
Wii U still has a great virtual console library.
Wii U still has some good, you know, especially the fact that Wii U kind of emulates Wii.
There's still a lot of things to like about it, but, um, you know, I, I it's kind of one
of those, I get it.
Nintendo is ready to be rid of the ghost of the Wii U.
I'm a little more surprised about 3DS because I feel like Nintendo is still kind of been
pushing that device.
And again, we have to stress it's other countries right now, but I still feel, I feel like the
last time this happened with the Wii shop, the US and Europe and Japan were not far behind.
Am I, am I just crazy?
Am I remembering this a different way?
But I feel like this is very similar to what happened before.
Right.
Yeah.
It wasn't that far long after that the days ended up shutting that stuff down.
I think so.
So, I mean, even though it's not the US and Europe, it might be.
So I'm just saying if you have points, you got gift cards, you might want to just go
find something to buy.
There's still, there's still a lot of good stuff on Wii U and so forth and 3DS.
Go find it, go buy it.
Cause can't guarantee it's going to be there much longer and show those developers a little
love who probably haven't had their games sell in a while.
So, all right.
Uh, one systems games, you're not going to be able to find on virtual console though,
which is a shame is the Atari 2600.
Well, I guess they do have those flashback games.
Right.
But, um, I haven't played the latest flashback series.
There's like a three volume flashback series, but I've been a little on the, I, I feel
like they might, I don't know.
I feel like the breaking it up into three volumes isn't the way to do it.
We'll see.
I don't know.
Anyway, but that's not what this is about.
This is about using the Atari 2600 to teach AI.
So a team of Uber AI researchers developed a system called go explore.
It will beat any Atari 2600 game.
I don't know what they mean by any though.
Cause there was, there was a lot of bullshit Atari 2600 games.
So I, does it really mean any, I guess we'll see, uh, with super, you can see the receipts.
Yeah.
I want to see the receipts with superhuman scores.
Including ones where the AI previously could not beat real players.
It's a system that remembers promising States and return to those States before it goes
out exploring.
It's been improved over older AI, like deep mind, uh, on games like Monzuma's revenge
and got a near perfect pitfall score.
Uh, so it's, it's interesting to see there's a full series of tweets on this.
And if you want to see the user's account, Jeff Klune, uh, is obviously one of the people
working on it.
Cause it's his, uh, Twitter account.
Uh, and he puts in a tweet, go explore now solves all unsolved Atari games.
Here's a little asterisk with it because it probably won't do beat him and eat him.
It's just not going to do that.
Okay.
It's good, but it might play other games, uh, handles, uh, sto stochastic training throughout
via goal condition policies, reuses skills to intelligently explore after returning and
solves hard exploration, simulated robot tasks.
And so there's a whole bunch of tweets on this and videos that you can see this AI getting
better and better with Atari 2,600.
And you know, a lot of those Atari 2,600 games were fairly simple.
And I think that's what makes this notable is that it's not just doing one thing.
Well, chess is pretty simple, right?
And we know there's great chess AI out there, but now AI is evolving into this.
It can do a variety of things.
Well, there's still simple relatively, but it has a pattern that it learns from and it
builds on that.
And so it's almost one of those things where you have to wonder how much further behind
are going to be more complicated games.
How many are going to play eat and hate humanity, right?
It's going to go, it's going to play ET and then grow sentient and try to destroy humans.
Why, why not?
Why not?
Just, why don't you throw that on 2020 as well?
How about, how about it?
Come on.
Cylon attack.
Why not?
There you go.
I think, I think that's a neat story though.
The AI stuff is very fascinating and it kind of makes my head hurt, but it's cool stuff.
So that is it for the news that we had scheduled tonight.
If you guys have any questions for us, I will open up the listener roundtable for a moment
in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
If you have anything you want to ask or any statements you want to make, we'll have a
quick round table.
Otherwise I'll check in with Loki to see if there's any last minute stories.
I kind of feel like I haven't already covered.
I've got to feel like we covered a lot of the big, it was kind of a, I don't want to
say it was a slow news week, but it's, it's slowing down because I think people aren't
working as much or as fast.
And now, well, I mean the gaming industry in general, in the summer of games festival
time now, I expect things might pick up in that timeframe where E3 would have been.
And certainly, you know, for this four month period or whatever, uh, but we're very much
in a quiet period right now, but I guess things are going to pick up with this week.
We get the Xbox stuff.
That's going to be a pretty big deal.
Yeah.
So I'm excited to see that.
Yeah.
Uh, any, any wishlist game on the new Xbox for you?
I talk, I keep talking about fable.
What about for you?
What would be cool like that?
I mean, that's really kind of, I'd be interested in fable.
I don't really know what else I would, maybe they'll bring back cameo.
I don't know.
Hey, maybe, maybe, uh, for some motorsport for me.
Oh yeah.
I'm sorry.
Not sorry.
Forza Horizon for me, not so much motorsport because I don't do the sim games as well as
I do the arcade games, but I do.
I realize motorsport is probably going to be first, but that doesn't mean I don't want
a Forza Horizon game at some point, or at least an arcade eraser type of game.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I, I, I would think fable would be a great thing to come out of the gate with if that
is something in their sleeve.
So I would love to see like Forza and fable.
And I guess Assassin's Creed Valhalla will be a game that they're going to show.
We already kind of know that.
So we'll see.
Oh, the only little bit I did see here real quick as I was browsing through things.
Yeah.
Burnout paradise remastereds coming on the switch on June 19th.
They were 50 bucks for it.
Yeah.
I'm not worth it.
Just buy it on PC for that.
Like 20 bucks.
You might want it.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe the portability is that important to some people.
I might, I'm going to, I'm going to wait for a discount.
I hope, I hope this doesn't cause EA to go see Nintendo sucks.
Cause our game didn't sell well on there.
Fuck off.
To where they think, why isn't there a game from like, I don't even know how old that
is that like super old already.
Like was it selling, you know, it's been a few years since the remastered came out and
now it's coming out on the switch.
Oh, well, sorry.
You know, maybe you should have put it out sooner.
Yeah.
They need to not set themselves up for disaster.
Maybe they want to milk the hardest of the hardcore or something.
I don't know what their logic is first, but if that game doesn't come down in price pretty
fast, they're, they're not being smart about it.
So yeah.
And SGL 100, Matt says, I'm more worried about them saying burnout is dead.
Why should we make a new one?
Like look at your idiot launch strategy.
Maybe go to that first.
Jeez.
We'll see.
All right.
Anything else?
That's it.
All right.
Well, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap up and call it a night here at orange
launch radio.
Hey, thank you guys for tuning into our show, whether you were here live or whether you
joined us on the podcast feed.
Really appreciate you being here.
I know the show felt a little bit off tonight and hopefully I'll be able to tell you more
later on, but, um, you know, just definitely thinking of a dark soccer and the family right
now.
Um, and, uh, hopefully she's back next week.
I don't know.
Hard to say.
Um, but we'll, we'll keep providing a show for you guys to get us through these tough
times, uh, one way or the other.
Um, in the meantime, thanks again for tuning in and listening.
If you liked what you heard here at orange Ontario, please tell a friend about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we
have to have the voices here to hear them.
Um, so a nice five star review wherever you found this show goes a long way on auto host
on Twitch or raid.
I saw raid come in tonight.
Thank you so much for that.
Uh, all that type of stuff goes a long way.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Um, for those of you that go the extra mile to support orange on radio, we really appreciate
you.
Um, otherwise, Loki, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
No, that's pretty much it.
I'm going to try to, uh, try to work on my game this week.
Cross my fingers, then we'll do it.
If not, I'll just work on some step mania songs.
Um, and then my final thought is, um, I know it's almost nine o'clock, but I hope I can
find a one star raid somewhere nearby, uh, so I can move on in my Pokemon go quests.
Because the research is limited time, you know, so I got to make sure I finished that
before wet, like Friday.
So try to get on that, but I'm glad they're not just doing a gen one event and we get
gen two next week and gen three the week out.
Thank gosh for a little diversity of my Pokemans.
I appreciate that.
All right, that's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio until next
week.
Take care, have fun gaming online.
Um, stay safe everybody, uh, as more and more States and things start to open up.
Um, just, you know, listen to doctors, listen to science, be safe, protect yourself, wash
your hands, all that good stuff.
Take care of yourself.
That's the most important thing.
We'll see you in seven days.
Goodbye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
