This week Castlevania's turnaround story continues with many of its soundtracks being
released on Spotify.
High quality compositions of classic tracks are now available to beat a soundtrack of
your days.
This is just one piece of media in this week's news, stay tuned for the rest starting right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice it is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number
821 of our show for May 24th of 2020.
Happy Memorial Day weekend by the way to everybody out there.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joining you here from Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento,
California.
Sadly, with everything going on in the world as you guys know for the last few weeks I've
been by myself here in studio, but I am joined via Discord.
That's why you hear some of the shifting noises in the background because they're getting
set up by my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hello.
And also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hello.
Now here's the thing.
So over the past few weeks that we've been doing this, you've only really been able to
hear their voices here as we're on Twitch, whereas we used to all record in the same
room.
But we've made a few changes because this has ended up being a more long term thing
than we might have thought originally.
And I have some good news everybody tonight.
Ta-da.
You can actually see my co-hosts as we are taping live here on Twitch.
So hello Loki and DarkSakura is actually on cam.
You look great.
Well, it costs a lot of money to look this good.
We should just say, duh.
How have you been DarkSakura?
How's your week been?
Oh, gosh, it's been, I've been off work all week for my bereavement leave.
It's been thought provoking, quiet, a lot of animal crossing, a lot of another thing
that arrived last night.
Which we'll get into.
Yes.
Touch on.
Yes.
It's been very, very touched by Dan, mostly.
And Loki, have you been?
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
I'm just saying that's really, definitely it.
Cool.
And Loki, how have you been?
Things going well for you?
Yeah, it's been fine.
I cleaned out the garage today and then playing Minecraft.
Looking at our chat room, because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at six
o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog
network right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
And you guys in chat seem to really be loving the fact that you can actually see everybody.
Pixel Pocket saying, yay, nice to see everyone together again.
Pod Culture is saying, Loki is like, shit, I can't sneak away and make bacon anymore.
I guess he could if he wanted to.
Fifth Dream Today says, I don't think I've seen Jamie talk.
I've seen her.
I've heard her talk, but not at the same time.
So there you go.
It's a first.
There you go.
I exist.
I'm a real person.
I'm not an A.I.
And in chat, I see that we get to see a view of looks like, yes, you get to see it because
I'm not using it.
So because it's too short and I can't it.
It does me no good when it's way, way down here.
My biggest problem is that I keep looking at the TV to see you guys and not the camera
where I'm supposed to be looking.
So this is a new thing for us, obviously.
At some point, I'm going to probably use the sidecar so I can have you guys on the iPad
down here and then it'll be like I'm looking at you guys.
But that will be a future improvement at a later date.
Anyway, so let's get into some gaming news.
The folks that are listening on the podcast feed, because of course, we love you guys
on the podcast feed as well, and it's free and you can listen on all your favorite podcasts
pushing platforms, iTunes, Google Podcasts, Spotify, whatever.
We're on all those things.
And I know many of you listen there and you're like, nothing's different for me, except some
of the audio levels, maybe as things are changing with the webcam, but hopefully everything
sounds good.
We're at a good level and yeah, let's get into some gaming discussion is what you're
here for.
Let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight.
Loki, I don't know if you want to cover this, but we have a big, we have a birthday in the
house.
Yeah.
Pac-Man is celebrating 40 years.
That's been a long time.
One of the biggest arcade games of all time as well.
Definitely famous for a lot of reasons, but yeah, it's 40 years old.
And to kind of commemorate that as well, they were announcing that of course they're doing
some sort of Pac-Man live studio, which allow you to play multiplayer and upload custom
maps that you can create for Pac-Man.
So it's almost like Pac-Man level editor.
It sounds awesome.
I'm so into that.
And there's, there's just like Pac-Man, they're kind of like licensing him out left and right.
It seems like, I mean, I know we don't get into a lot of that stuff on this show, but
I feel like there's like more toys and more like, like other like Pac-Man related things
out there.
Like it's the eighties all over again.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, like I said, if I was playing Minecraft this week, so the first thing that
you see advertisement for their marketplace is a little Pac-Man graphic because they have
an actual skin pack and like level thing that they've put together for Pac-Man as well.
That's that's cool.
I want to check that out.
Minecraft.
I bet that's fun.
And I'm sure all these people out there are making these fake Minecraft mazes, right?
But they're like creepers instead of ghosts.
I don't know.
Or can you put the ghosts in there?
That'd be kind of fun.
They, they, well, it's an add on pack, so you can basically change the you can change
some of the attributes for different things.
You can change how they look.
You can change how things act.
You can do all sorts of fun things with that.
Now going to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
Fifth dream today says Pac-Man maker sounds amazing.
OMG.
There was so much Pac-Man merch when it came out.
It was like a giant fucking thing.
Oh, absolutely.
And I don't I don't know how much you guys remember.
Like Loki, I know you're just under 40 years old.
Dark Soccer and I were in our forties, but not not that far into it.
Like we were, we were toddlers when Pac-Man was brand new, but I know in the early eighties,
I mean, probably not right when Pac-Man first came out, it probably took a few years, but
I remember being about four or five years old, so this would have been like 83 or 84
and Pac-Man really was like everywhere in pop culture.
I don't do you have, do you have memories of like Pac-Man in the eighties, Dark Soccer?
I know I do.
Some of the memories that I have, and we actually still have a little Pac-Man plushie that's
got the ghost in his mouth, but I remember I was pretty good on roller skates of playing
Pac-Man because my place I would skate at, oh let me move this away, it had Frogger and
Pac-Man and a couple other games.
I remember being creeped out by the 2600 version and rightly so because it's terra bad.
I really though, out of all of the Pac-Man games, I got the most excited when Super Pac-Man
came out.
That was kind of my jam and I loved the cartoon.
I watched the cartoon religiously.
I remember the cartoon as well.
Like that was, that was a big, big thing when it was first out.
And there was, yeah, that was really, I thought it was kind of weird and then of course they
based Pac-Land kind of off of it, or the two were based off of each other.
I don't remember the exact order, but it was just, it was really all over the place.
And then there was of course Pac-Man Fever, who was that?
Was that Rick Dees?
Yes.
No, Garcia and Bunkner.
I don't know why I thought Rick Dees.
Oh, I'm such a jerk for not knowing the name off the top of my head because one of them
died like a few years ago.
I remember that was on the show.
Bunkner and Garcia, something like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're kidding.
I'm looking at our chat.
I also see it in Garcia.
That was it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, I see in chat and this is worth talking about.
We talked about Pac-Man.
Uh, they're talking about the Atari 2,600 version of Pac-Man because that was, you know, there
was this whole thing about, uh, how like the Atari 2,600 version of Pac-Man was really,
really bad.
And Oh, by the way, guys, I have another little trick this week.
I've been working hard on this long distance OLR thing because there, Oh no, I got, I got
bamboozled.
I thought I had the thing.
All right.
I was, thought I was so cool and had the window up and ready to go, but I guess it didn't
work that way.
I was supposed to be able to show the window.
Oh, well.
Um, now I want to know why that isn't working.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, but, uh, we actually have Pac-Man on the Atari 2,600 and, um, it was really like as
bad as it was, it was kind of technologically impressive.
Uh, and, uh, Bobby Blackwell was saying some things in chat about it.
Pac-Man on Atari played badly, but it was a miracle.
It worked at all.
The coder was a genius.
I read a whole deep dive on the Atari 2,600 Pac-Man source code.
It was pretty much the most complex 2,600 game made during the early eighties.
Um, tiger call on chat says, and in a rush, yeah, it was, it was made pretty quick.
If I remember right too.
So yeah.
Um, there we go.
I'm trying to see why I can't, now I'm irritated that my, my other little fancy thing doesn't
work right.
What does it show?
It was showing me the Twitch window.
Let's try this.
I'm doing it live.
Why not?
There we go.
How about that?
So there, there's your, uh, Pac-Man on the Atari 2,600 and it was pretty impressive how,
I mean, it doesn't look right at all.
Like Pac-Man looks funky in this whole thing and he eats like a wafer instead of the fruit.
Like it just, it doesn't quite work right.
But I mean, again, it's Catholic Pac-Man doing penance.
It's technologically very impressive.
He's, he's eating communion wafers.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Apparently that did something to my audio, so I guess I won't be doing that again anytime
soon.
Sorry guys.
I don't know what happened with that.
So, all right.
Sorry guys.
There's magic.
I'm, I'm trying some new things tonight.
What can I say?
All right.
Uh, anyhow, so, um, other things, other like memories with Pac-Man, anything, Loki, what
about you?
I know, you know, again, you're a little younger, but Pac-Man was everywhere when you were a
kid.
Right?
Right.
So basically, I don't remember too many, I remember playing the Atari 2,600 version as
well.
Um, I know I had Pac-Man bedsheets.
You had Pac-Man bedsheets?
I did.
I do remember those.
Um, so yeah, um, that's as far as I remember because we had a ColecoVision with the Atari
adapter for it so you could play the 2,600 games on there.
And that's how I used to play the, uh, Pac, uh, for the 2,600.
Um, that's all I knew.
And I was like, eh, this is fine, this is Pac-Man.
I didn't know that it was jank.
That's true.
When I was really young, like the Atari 2,600 version of Pac-Man didn't really bother me
because it was still like, Ooh, it's like the maze game on my TV.
And you kind of knew that all the video games were a little bit messy back in the day.
Yeah.
It's like, you never like, I mean, you just think it's different except for E.T.
Of course, E.T. was garbage and it's like, that's like, I love E.T.
Why don't I?
This game is horrible.
I can't get out of this pit.
I remember playing a lot of kangaroo.
Uh, was kangaroo a better translation of the arcade game?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was.
Yeah.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Um, so I mean, where, where does Pac-Man go from here?
So we have Pac-Man maker is coming out and what other, what are, are there any, does
Pac-Man need to show up in any other games?
I feel like he's been in everything.
He's been in Smash Brothers, uh, the championship edition was an amazing, um, in the arcade.
He was in the arcade Mario Kart, because, uh, that was the whole Namco, uh, Alliance
thing.
Yeah.
And F-Zero, right, Rob?
Mmm.
I don't think Pac-Man was in F-Zero.
It was definitely Mario Kart.
Sorry, I am thinking of Mario Kart.
Nevermind.
You're thinking of the Mario Kart arcade because it was a very similar hardware to
what F-Zero ran on and that whole thing.
Uh, fifth dream today in chat suggests Pac-Man and Persona 5.
No, I guess anything's possible, right?
I need the Pac-Man cinematic universe now.
The Namco cinematic universe.
Let me ask one more question on this topic for our chat room, as well as my co-hosts
and on Pac-Man and all this.
And that would be, why do you think of all these eighties games we had, for example,
Dark Sakura brought up Kangaroo was a pretty great translation, but Kangaroo didn't exactly
break through the same way with all the merchandise, with all the songs and everything that Pac-Man
did.
Did Pac-Man last in the cultural icon for this long, do you think?
Pac-Man had the novelty of being out before all of those, number one.
Fair.
It was also one of the, um, you know, keep in mind for a long time after we had all of
our Pong clones, the big thing was the shooter games.
Like that was when Galaxian, you know, was a thing.
And then having this new maze game was, well, it was something different and something new.
And it spawned how many clones of it?
I mean, we had KC, KC Crazy Chase.
We had, uh, Mouse Trap, which I have on Cliccovision and honestly, it's more fun.
Um, there, there's all kinds of games are really crazy auto, you know, was supposed
to be an improvement on Pac-Man and it was such an improvement that it became Ms. Pac-Man.
So I mean, and on top of that, it's a game that practically anyone can get up and just
start playing.
Kangaroo as an example, since we were using that one, it had a little bit more complexity
to playing it.
It required a lot more, well, a lot different kind of timing.
Pac-Man is just, you don't even need to hit a freaking button.
You just move the joystick.
I think that's an actually, that's actually a really great point, Jamie, because I think
it's that ease of like how to explain it and how to jump into it that makes it so easy.
And I think a lot of games, um, before we got to the cell phone game era, and even in
the cell phone game era in many ways, um, things like Tetris, things like Pac-Man and
those really easy to grasp games really caught on because you're right.
It's like, it's, it's very intuitive.
Oh, I, I'm this guy and I dodged this guy and I eat these, like, it's very, very easy.
You know what I mean?
Um, and then in the cell phone era, I think a lot of cell phone games have done very well
because it's just swiping.
It's just touching.
Uh, Wii Sports did very well because it's like, you play like it's actually a tennis
racket and you swing it like it's a tennis racket.
There's no complicated buttons or anything like that.
Like that stuff does go a long way.
You know, if you try to teach somebody, I don't want to say a non-gamer cause I feel
like in this day and age, everybody's a gamer a little bit, but like if you try to teach
somebody who doesn't play a lot of games, how to play something on Xbox One or PlayStation
4, it's like, Oh my, how many triggers do I, how do I, how do I hold this?
Right?
Like it, it isn't the easiest thing to explain sometimes.
I mean, again, I think as we get into different generations and you know, as, as gen X is
getting older and all this stuff, it's like, we all kind of grew up on games, so I don't
think it's quite the same struggle, but it's there a little bit.
Well, and if you take people who go, well, I'm not really a gamer.
I was like, do you like playing Pac-Man?
Oh yeah, I was playing it just the other day.
Even you're a gamer.
Sorry.
Hate to break it to you.
You're not cool.
Are you a gamer?
Oh no, not really.
Well, do you play Tetris?
Yeah.
Or do you play Pokemon go?
Yeah.
Well guess what?
Those are games.
It's you a gamer.
That's right.
Do you play words with friends?
Guess what?
That's a game.
Uh, Mel Chan 13 in chat says Pac-Man is simple to learn and it got hard, but a lot of people
could progress decently enough to not just get discouraged.
I think that's an important point too, is that, you know, it's pretty easy to clear
the first board in Pac-Man.
I mean, granted the dip switches on the arcade machine and things, you know, you could set
all these different crazy difficulty levels and things of that sort.
So, you know, maybe some machines are harder than others, but it's relatively easy to clear
the first board in Pac-Man.
It does not get so easy to clear, like even the second board, I don't know, just depends
on how much you play.
And he's especially like, he's getting a third, fourth board, and then you start to watch
these people to do these crazy, perfect long runs.
It's like the game does get very hard.
It has a pattern though.
And it's like people who've played it, think, here's another relation on this one.
The dude who won all those games on Press Your Luck, he memorized the pattern.
That's what a lot of the gamers that are getting those high scores on Pac-Man are doing, is
that they are memorizing the patterns and know when the patterns switch.
And it's easy for them because they're just repeating the pattern, they're playing it
exactly the same way.
Like another thing, playing that, the dragon, doing the dragon fight in Mega Man 2 blindfolded
that it used to be able to do.
I was just going to say, patterns are huge in video games.
Look at Mega Man.
Mega Man is the perfect example.
It's, Mega Man is patterns, period.
You have like almost no real RNG in something like Pac-Man.
It was all based on a pattern, based on your movement, and it was predictable because it
was early programming, you know?
So you followed your path, the ghosts would automatically follow their set path based
on where you were.
And as long as you knew where you had to be at one time, you knew what was going to happen.
Can we talk about one other thing with Pac-Man too, that I think you cannot talk about Pac-Man
turning 40 and not talk a little bit, at least, about Ms. Pac-Man, the extremely successful
sequel, right?
I brought it up.
Yeah, Pac-Man with a bow in the hair, right?
So yeah, you did.
I want to dive a little deeper.
There was more than that.
Of course, yeah.
Of course, there's more to it than that.
You actually had multiple mazes and things of that sort.
More than that.
Well, I was just about to ask why, because I think for some people, Ms. Pac-Man probably
caught on even more.
And I was going to suggest it was those cut scenes, those very simple little cut scenes
you get when you, like every other board, right?
Like the chase, it goes to act one, the chase and they chase each other.
Like that was so cool.
And you didn't see that in games, but that was essentially like the first cut scene in
the game in a way.
Well, it was originally Crazy Otto, which Crazy Otto was, it was supposed to be like
a spiritual successor to Pac-Man.
I actually attended a, what about the word I'm thinking of, a panel about Crazy Otto.
And they've even recreated the original Crazy Otto based on just viewing the animations.
And it actually had much more in the way of animation and graphic, what was the word
I'm thinking of, different sprites.
It had more sprites in general than I think Ms. Pac-Man had running.
But at the very beginning of it, it was an enhancement kit for Pac-Man that was called
Crazy Otto.
And it was being developed and there was a big, hold on, it was General Computer Corporation
that was involved in a lawsuit with Atari because they also did a missile command conversion
called Super Missile Attack.
And they were banned from doing future conversions without the consent of Atari or Namco.
So what they did is that they actually presented their game to Midway, who distributed for
Namco in the US and, well, at least for Pac-Man.
And they were really actually enthusiastic about having it.
And so they all, they bought the rights to it.
They worked with GCC and with Namco to get the game ready for development.
They changed a few different things.
And of course the cut scenes were already in Crazy Otto.
And so all that they did was convert those cut scenes because it had to do with Crazy
Otto and his girlfriend or something.
And they were going to rename it to Pac-Woman and then they changed it to Ms. Pac-Man and
then they made her the main character.
And originally this was supposed to be called Super Pac-Man.
And on top of that, all of those changes happened within 72 hours of production.
I knew that it had started as Crazy Otto.
I knew that part, but I didn't realize that they got as far as doing the cut scenes with
like Crazy Otto and they were that far along when they decided to change it and do everything
as Ms. Pac-Man.
That's pretty cool.
And one of the other things that they did create as Ms. Pac-Man is because more women
in general were playing Pac-Man that they could see, at least through all the polling
and whatever they did to gather the data on it.
And so that was another factor in changing the lead character to female.
Yeah.
And I was going to ask, was part of the reason why Ms. Pac-Man was also such a large game
was maybe that sense that, I don't want to say it catered towards women, but it definitely
empowered women.
And if you guys think in this day and age, in the year 2020, women get a lot of crap
like, oh, women don't play games.
I mean, I like to think that's less in this day and age, although I am not a woman, so
I don't get the brunt of that.
But I mean, in the eighties, it was really like, oh, women don't play video games, but
like Ms. Pac-Man kind of was like, but women are the star of video games.
I kind of, there was one reason why I didn't mind that stereotype and I'll tell you why.
Money.
How so?
Um, you know, like people hustle for pool.
I have a little bit of a habit of hustling in video games.
Oh, this goes back to your, your reign on Tekken back in the day of the arcade.
No, this goes way before my reign on Tekken.
Really?
I did that just to create a point.
Um, I don't know.
I would, I would, uh, hustle for lunch money.
You'd whoop the boy's ass at Pac-Man for money?
Lunch money?
Well, Pac-Man, a few other games, it was like just net stuff or a game boy stuff.
I love it.
Um, you know, I, I, Tetris was kind of my big one for that one, but I could also do
a rate like we would have like little mini races and things, you know, it didn't last
very long.
Cause once it got out that, yeah, I could actually play stuff and that ended it's like
a month.
And I think it's also important to note, uh, if we're talking about Ms. Pac-Man, the Atari
2600 version of Ms. Pac-Man is much better.
Right?
Yeah.
Is much better.
And I think it's because they had more space to develop with it.
Like they had an eight kilobyte cartridge as opposed to a four kilobyte cartridge.
So the ghost draw was able to work a little better.
It actually looked a little like Ms. Pac-Man looked a little better just overall.
It was a better translation, but I don't think as many people played Ms. Pac-Man on Atari
2600.
Actually about the Atari 2600 version in 1984, it won video game of the video game of the
year award.
Oh wow.
And well for Atari 2600 and in 83, it tied for the arcade awards with ladybug.
Huh?
Interesting.
Just saying people were playing it.
People were significantly playing it.
I would, I would just see people when I was, you know, again, I was really young, but as
little older than you and I would see people crowding around it at the, at, you know, what
the arcade Aladdin's castle back in the day was my arcade with its carpeted ass walls.
I have gotten carpet burn on my arm from running into those walls.
Just saying.
Um, I remember playing Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man, especially Ms. Pac-Man on the cocktail machine
at the yogurt shop.
I remember that totally because they had that machine forever, but like a little more of
my arcade memory, excuse me, a little more of my arcade memory.
Like I actually remember playing things like the star Wars cabinet that you actually would
get inside.
Uh, and, um, there was that, that was a bad-ass machine.
Uh, the star Wars went crystal castle.
So it was an early favorite of mine too.
Yeah.
So, but obviously there was plenty of Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man cause those machines were
everywhere.
Right.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, one of the thing, one of the thing is I love this comment from chat cause I want
to bring this up too.
And then we've got to move on and talk about our gaming weeks, but a vid powers five 73
and chat says Pac-Man's original name was indeed puck man, but they realized most kids
would probably change the P to an F. Yeah.
I'm sure many of you have heard that before.
I know we all saw Scott Pilgrim too.
Yeah.
So the whole man.
Right.
Um, but, uh, yeah, it's kind of interesting how that did change.
So it is a little different here, uh, in the States than it is in Japan.
Um, but of course in Japan, I would say space invaders was more that arcade game that really,
really broke through.
Not to say it wasn't a big deal here.
It was, but I feel like Pac-Man was everywhere here.
Space invaders was everywhere there.
So anyway, I don't know.
Cause I get, not to say like the other wasn't there at all, but I just feel like, you know,
we had the, we had the cartoon, we had the board game, we had like all this stuff with Pac-Man.
I'm not even sure they really had in Japan.
Whereas like space invaders was so fricking popular.
It was everywhere.
W weren't they like running low on coins because they were going into space invaders machine.
It was just kind of like a different, like cultural thing.
I think.
I want to say it was, uh, yeah, they had to admit like more, um, more yen, I think more
yen coins because of that.
But I want to say, I don't know if it was space invaders.
It might've been space invaders that did it.
I'd have to look up my trivia again.
Yeah.
All right.
Well anyway, let's get into a little more current gaming.
Happy birthday Pac-Man.
But, uh, let's talk about some more current video games that we have been playing as we
talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this
week.
So, uh, dark soccer, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
Um, it was mostly animal crossing all up until a certain thing arrived on our doorstep on
yesterday.
And what's that?
A turbo graphics 16 mini.
So yeah, uh, everybody started getting those this weekend.
Mine came in on Friday, uh, and then yours came in Saturday.
Right.
And then I know Bobby Black Wolf got his, one of those days too, because he was doing
a stream.
So I feel like a lot of those who like pre-ordered that started getting them this weekend.
So the shipping date kind of changed a little bit on that, but that's good.
Yeah.
Needless to say, Dan has been playing the super graphics version of, uh, uh, ghosts
and goblins.
Like I woke up and he was still playing it and he actually did the full cycle of it with
a little assistance, but he was, he was working up a storm playing it.
Um, anyway, though, uh, we also did get in a little bit of, uh, East just to listen to
the music, you know, cause the intro to East was so beautiful.
Um, and then, um, and it's not wise, it's East.
Anyway.
Um, we, yeah, no.
Um, uh, yeah, she says, Dan, ghosts and goblins.
No.
Anyway.
Um, we also, um, got a little bit in of Lords of Thunder and, um, trying to think what else
cause, uh, Oh, um, Star Parodia, which makes me ridiculously happy that that game was on
there.
Cause I freaking love Star Parodia.
Um, Star Soldier is on there too.
Um, trying to think what else we touched on.
Um, I was going to ask because, you know, I, I didn't really ever import games until
I discovered Dance Dance Revolution and met you guys and, you know, kind of got like introduced
to like, Oh yes, you can buy games from Japan over here.
It's just very expensive and all this, but you were the one that really introduced me
to, cause you know, the turbo graphics, it was out here, but obviously it was the PC
engine in Japan and you know, it's just very different.
Like they had all this different stuff and different games and all that.
And I got introduced to what?
There's a whole Castlevania game that never came out here.
That's, that's, that's on, you know, that was all because of you.
Yeah.
So I found out about a lot of these games because of our friendship.
And so I know you've been a turbo, you know, fan for years.
Is there anything on this device that you didn't own before that it's like, woo, who
I get to play this finally.
Yeah.
There's some things that we didn't own a couple of times because we actually, they would have
been too language intensive.
Some definitely prohibit prohibitively expensive.
We have, I'm not going to say my source, but like Sapphire, I mean, there you go right
there.
There was some of the arcade card games.
You know, we can't play, although we own them, but we, and then getting a super graphics
that damn near, Oh my gosh, it would have been way expensive, expensive to have that.
That's what, um, that's what, uh, ghouls and ghosts was on.
It's, it's a beautiful one.
Music's a little bit off and timing is kind of weird on the machine.
Um, and I remember what else we said we played was, uh, twin B, but it was more like a kind
of a weak little version of twin B. Um, but if you go to salamander and you tap on it
three times, it'll do twin B for you.
Um, which of course salamander, I mean, there's another fantastic game that we don't have
on a turbo.
Um, trying to think there was Keith courage, which we've got that everyone has that.
That was a packing game in the U S when it was, um, but blazing lasers by itself is just
an amazing game.
Well, so, so as somebody who's followed, you know, turbo PC engine, all this for, for so
long, um, how, how do you like the device?
Like, is it, is it worthy?
Oh yeah, it's great.
It's really good for people who, I mean, cause trying to get your hands on a turbo graphics
now, isn't super easy.
Getting your hands on the duo is even harder.
And then, um, just trying to think what else would be super graphics, like I said, would
be damn near impossible.
It only came out in Japan.
Um, I do have a friend who has a duo LT, the PC engine duo LT it's like the laptop version
of it.
Um, the same friend also left one of his in a movie theater.
And we, we all know who this person is.
I'm not going to say his name online.
I'll tell you afterwards, but we all know him.
Okay.
Um, at any rate, um, PC engines, actually, I think that like a PC engine core is actually
a little easier to get your hands on than a, uh, a turbo graphics.
Um, one of the things though, is that what really goes for bucks, depending on, you know,
which one you've got are going to be those conversion cartridges.
Um, like everyone wants the purple one.
The purple one has the best, uh, well, the best support for multiple games.
Um, and it was the converter to have, if you wanted to say, if you only had a U S turbo
duo, but you had, um, super CD games, like, uh, for, for instance, uh, we have, uh, fatal
fury and we have a Strider, uh, but they are super CD only and require the arcade card
to play the turbo duo in the U S had built into it.
The first two arcade cards, but you needed the, the, uh, not, not arcade cards, but just
the two, uh, extra cards that came with them.
And the final one was the arcade card that you need for your super CD games.
Um, so of course we can play all bunch of Japanese games on our, on our, uh, U S duo,
but we couldn't play our super CD games.
So arcade cards still go for bucks.
Um, there's also, there was that PC engine emulator, but you have to magic engine, but
you have to pay for it.
Um, I'm going way off topic, but just to say that the, the turbo graphics stuff is gonna
be a little bit harder to find.
I will tell people though, you can probably get a duo RX, which is one of the re-released
PC engine duos as a, as a whole set.
Um, about 200 to 250.
So not, not too prohibitive, but this is a, this is a like pretty cost effective way to
get your foot in the door with turbo graphics because like I remember like my friend had
one growing up, so I remember playing it at his house.
I never had one, but there's so many of these games I feel like I missed out on.
So like, I feel like me owning this is kind of part to catch up on like this little tiny
little era of gaming that I just like missed completely.
And so that's why I was worth it.
Yeah.
So like for the a hundred bucks, as opposed to all these collectors and things.
Yeah.
I feel like it's a, it's a steal.
What are they going to do when they hack them?
Uh, yeah, that's a very interesting question, right?
Cause obviously like the, the idiot question that's about to fall out of my mouth is you
think they're going to hack them?
That's an idiot question.
I know I'm saying it's an idiot question.
Of course the hackers going to hack, right?
So it's just a matter of time.
You're right.
I don't, I don't know.
I don't know what I'll do when they hack them.
I guess one of, one of our most quoted games, misquoted games, a psychic storm where whenever
they power up, they say psychic storm, but it used to sound like I get pissed off.
And so we would just say that anytime we power up, I get pissed off, but it's got Sapphire.
I mean, having Sapphire on there is reason enough.
That game is like, you know, I'm going to look and look it up and see how much it is
while y'all chat about it.
Cause Sapphire ain't cheap.
Well, I think I've covered it for classic game.
I was just saying, I don't know if there's a lot left cause Loki, you, you didn't buy
one of these yet, right?
No, no.
And I did buy one, but I haven't played it yet.
And I'll talk about why, but it's like on my list of things to do tomorrow with tomorrow
being a holiday where we can't really go out and have a barbecue or anything.
It's on my list of things to do tomorrow.
So, um, Oh, go ahead.
Crazy.
Um, one seller on, on eBay has it for $94.
Another one has it for 1500.
Oh my God.
Another one, 1530.
Um, wow.
No, no, no.
Okay.
That's a 500 and one everdrive.
We've got an everdrive.
The arcade card.
Like I was talking about, Rob, play Asia Silvers for 400 bucks.
Wow.
No, thank you.
That's the arcade card pro the arcade card duo is 110 and just this one copy of Sapphire
out of the box is going for 1200.
It is ridiculous.
Let me, um, get this question in chat here or comment.
Phoenix 77 26 says, I wonder if the same sort of thing will happen with Xbox three sixties
in 20 years.
You know, that's a great question.
It's very easy to kind of say like, Oh yeah, there'll probably be many Xbox three sixties
and so forth.
But, and especially with that particular device, you see more and more of an inch towards these
subscription platforms, right?
Where you're going to pay a subscription fee and you know, Xbox game pass, right?
And you get a lot of the games through that.
Heck, even Nintendo is doing something like that now.
I mean, yes, they released the Nintendo mini and the super Nintendo mini, but they have
their subscription Nintendo online.
You get those libraries as well.
So it, I almost wonder if, uh, you're going to see more of the contemporary games, uh,
end up being on these subscription services.
I don't know.
Like, I don't know if there would end up being a market for something like an Xbox 360 mini,
but we're, we're, we've gotten about as far as the PlayStation, cause there was a PlayStation
mini for better or for worse, but it existed.
Right.
So, um, I, it's hard to say.
I agree with pod culture.
I want to Dreamcast mini.
Heck yes to that.
I'd be all about that.
I can totally see them double dipping though, because I mean, they did that already with
the Nintendo online with super Nintendo games and stuff.
I believe that's pretty much all the games that were on those two standalone mini devices.
There are some slight differences with third parties, but for the, but yes, for the most
part.
Well, to also piggyback on what SSJ 100 Matt says, he says, I kind of want a Saturn mini
as well.
I would want a Saturn if it had a lot more of the games that came out in Japan on it.
Like the great fighting games, like the, the X-Men versus, and you know, all of those
series, they were so good or, or their KOF games, the KOF games on Saturn were top notch.
There is no pain like playing a KOF game on Neo Geo CD.
It has loading time out in the ass.
I want to say that is one thing I do want to give massive kudos to Konami and you know,
the turbo look at me, I'm giving kudos to Konami on this show, but it's where it's deserved
because I think this device is well done.
And I think where the kudos is really deserved is the fact that, you know, it's very agnostic
on the regions.
You can flip to Japanese and you can play Japanese games, including things like snatcher,
which you're really not going to be able to play without an, unless you understand Japanese
without an FAQ or a walkthrough or something.
But I love that that option is there.
It does have different games though than in Japan.
The PC engine version.
True.
But the, but the fact that like the Japanese games are still even there in the American
release is pretty awesome.
I love that.
I would, I would really like a PC engine mini.
Just, um, I mean, and that's the reason why I wasn't all hyper about getting one is because
I'm not super hyper on, um, uh, Tokimeki Memorial.
And I know that that's one of the games and although Tokimeki had another hidden game
that you could access.
But man, snatcher.
Oh my gosh.
And you know, though, when they start doing the hacks and stuff on it, the, the, um, the
ROM hack snatcher is going to be out because there's a full translation of snatcher out
there.
Yeah, that's true.
It's probably because I was, I was going to say like, it is my, my one, if I wanted to
be that gamer that asked for everything, which most gamers do, I would say like, Hey man,
why didn't they just go back and translate snatcher as if there's infinite amount of
resources.
So I'm, I'm setting my expectations reasonably and I'm recognizing that, Hey, it's cool that
we got even what we got.
Um, and, but you're right.
ROM hackers have already kind of taken care of that.
Now, obviously Konami can't release that in any official capacity.
Uh, I guess they could, but it would get into dicey territory.
Um, so, but you're right.
Hackers will have to take care of that.
So it'll be, it'll be interesting.
You're right.
So, um,
But anyway, we've had, and I'll, I'll go over something else too.
It does have some differences from the PC engine release because the controllers and
PC engine, it didn't have this turbo buttons on it.
Um, the, uh, us one does because the turbo graphics came out with them on it and it does
have two, uh, two ports, even though it only comes with one controller.
So no turbo tap is needed unless y'all is going to play some bomber man.
I don't know if you've played around with this mode, Jamie, but Bobby Blackwolf and
Chad is asking, so how long will you play games in the last display setting of the turbo
engine handheld?
Is that super duper hard modes?
I don't know if you've gone into the display settings, but the last one in there is like
playing it on a turbo.
It's, it's, it's really nauseating to look at.
I freaking have a turbo express.
You can get your headaches there.
Oh, Dan said something from the other room, but I couldn't hear what he said.
All right.
All right.
Well, uh, anything else with your gaming week, dark soccer before we move on to Loki?
Um, nah.
All right.
So Loki, how was your gaming week?
And I'm going to change this camera thing on the fly.
Sorry guys.
It's a new, new stuff tonight, but I'm going to make my co-host a little bigger while Loki
talks about his gaming week.
All right.
So, um, this week I mainly played, uh, Orna, so I'm up to 175 now.
Um, so that was kind of cool.
And they have this brand new thing that they added in, which is a raid bosses or, well,
raid bosses are new, but basically spawnable raid bosses that are appearing for anybody
that's in the area.
So I had one that unfortunately no one helped to kill.
So it took me like a few days to do that, but it gives you a lot of experience, which
is kind of cool.
Um, I just did the same thing.
So there's one right by me right now.
And that thing kicks my ass.
I don't know.
It's going to take me like a month to kill it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I've still got two more scrolls to the spawn.
I'm like, I don't want to spawn another one cause it's just, it's such a hassle.
Like I don't want to do it, but I probably will.
When it gets a little easier to hang out in groups.
I mean, I guess to some extent you can still like social distance at a park and things
like that.
It just kind of depends on what you're comfortable with and you know how your body is with, with
uh, uh, being susceptible and all that.
But um, an idea had come up to, we could all kind of agree to meet at the same park and
spawn all the bosses and then take them down as a group.
So that might be a way to do it.
So yeah, I mean obviously it'll kind of depend on this whole situation and when that's really
safe to do and all that.
Yeah, we can see.
Um, so I did that and then the other thing I did was I restarted the realm that I have.
So my kids had already beaten the Ender Dragon and everything in Minecraft and the Wither
Dragon and all that stuff.
And so I decided that I wanted to go ahead and restart the whole thing from scratch because
we kind of cheated our way through it a little bit.
Um, so now we're playing it legit and um, so we just did that.
But I do have an add on that I added in there.
So because the snow golems are kind of garbage, so I replaced them with a turret minigun because
that's fun.
Um, so that was one of the things you can do with Bedrock Minecraft is you can actually
edit it with some of the add ons and those persist to the other players across other
platforms.
Like my, my other son plays on the switch and so he can actually use as well.
You're kind of limited what you can do in realms with those add ons because they limit
like for example, I wanted to make new crafting recipes to be able to craft some of the things
that you can't craft in the game right now.
Um, they can only get from chests and stuff and it won't let me do that without enabling
experimental gameplay and you can't have experimental gameplay on realms right now
because I think some systems don't support it.
So I, um, didn't do that.
Uh, at least that's my understanding at least.
So I just didn't bother to do that.
But we, we started out and it's pretty cool.
We got this, I built this giant mansion, stayed up pretty late last night doing that.
Um, and uh, yeah, they finally went to another today, but it's been fun.
Kids are having a good time.
Good.
All right.
Um, is that it for your gaming week?
Uh, yeah, I think that's it.
Yeah.
I haven't, haven't played anything else.
All right.
Then I'll talk about my gaming week.
So, uh, for my gaming week, uh, was, um, a lot of the same old stuff still playing Final
Fantasy 14 with friends and, uh, getting ready for a fantasy star on line two on PC.
I'm really excited to play that on PC so I can kind of do that on my, you know, I just
like playing with keyboard and mouse and all that.
So, uh, really excited to go through that again, although I don't know, PSO might be
better with controller, but I can still do that on the PC and you know, then discord
will be right there and I'm in my zone.
I'm in my setup.
I think it'll be really, really good to have.
So that's coming up this coming week.
Um, I did not get around to playing the turbo graphics, uh, mini because, so y'all remember
last summer I was talking about the survivor LARP and I've talked about it a couple of
times since then.
I'm not playing again, but I'm helping to host, uh, this current version that they're
doing right now.
They're on like their 11th season.
So the one I won was the ninth, they're on their 11th season and I'm helping to host
it.
And so this weekend they did a challenge that I designed.
And so it was the like first challenge that I designed for the game and they did it.
And, uh, if you want like a little peek at what it looked like now that I have this fancy
little safari button, I can hit that.
So like they had to do these little puzzles that they put together and it may look pretty
easy.
Um, but it's, you know, it took them a little time.
I would say, uh, there's, there's a few of these.
This isn't the old one.
So it leads them to these different like URLs and things like that.
And, um, there's like four of them all together and it took them about like 35, 40 minutes.
So my point is I'm a game designer now.
So how about that Loki?
I had people play my game.
Rob, you get the pizza.
Congrats.
It's a little different.
It's kind of, it's, it's almost the equivalent of when you would draw the RPG on graph paper.
How many of you guys did this on your lunch break in elementary school?
You drew the RPG on graph paper and like all that stuff.
It's kind of the equivalent of that, but Hey, a game is a game.
I'll take it.
And it seemed to be well received.
So I was happy with that.
So that's why I didn't get around to the turbo graphics.
Cause that I was cramming and finishing last night and then they all played it this morning.
So I was very busy watching all that.
Um, I did get to play a little bit of Pokemon go community day.
Um, I caught seven shinies without really trying.
Alan and I just went to the local park.
You know, there was not, there was a couple other people walking around, but it wasn't like, it wasn't, it didn't look like the fricking like boardwalk on the, what was that ocean city or whatever.
No, no, the park was very low key.
So we were there, walked around.
I just used my little Poke ball to catch while walking.
And I was playing a little ingress as well.
Uh, and I caught seven shinies without really trying.
So that felt really good.
Um, so yeah, Pokemon go.
That was fine.
I wish it was a better Pokemon, but I guess they're pretty, it's, it's nice to have at least the three.
And I guess it is pretty good for PVP.
I hear.
Um, and I caught a couple that were three stars.
So that's, that's nice.
That's good.
Um, and then, uh, yeah, otherwise like with between Orna and other stuff, that's, that's pretty much how my gaming week went.
So, uh, again, looking forward to next week cause there's some, uh, new releases I'm looking forward to trying like a PSL.
So, yep.
All right.
So, uh, with that, let's move on to some gaming news.
Uh, real quick though, a little bit of housekeeping.
Um, I do want to mention a couple of things here.
Um, number one, uh, I mentioned this last week, but, uh, I'll mention it again tonight.
The Southern Fried Game Room Expo, uh, which is, uh, it's out in the Atlanta area.
And so we don't usually get to attend, um, because I usually go to Atlanta for DragonCon, but they had to cancel, uh, this year.
Or they did cancel obviously with everything going on in the world, except they didn't do for, you know, you know, George is kind of taking the situation a little differently right now.
And so they didn't have force majeure when they canceled.
So they are taking a little bit of a financial hit on this whole thing.
Um, so if you want to show Southern Fried Game Expo, a little Game Room Expo, a little love, I would encourage you to go visit their website.
They have some merchandise there, which Loki, you actually bought a shirt, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
Yeah. So you actually bought a shirt on there.
The shirts are pretty bad ass with the power glove and everything.
So it did, it did look really cool.
And that's just to help make sure it'll happen next year.
Yeah. The one, the one I looked at was the, uh, the black and, um, yellowish green one.
But then I was like, eh, maybe I should get blue and pink. I don't know, but that's what I ended up getting.
Yeah. Um, and then, uh, in other, one other housekeeping thing I wanted to mention, we just talked about this on Bobby's show.
So those that are listening live are going to hear this twice. Sorry, but I just wanted it for the benefit of the podcast listeners and, and just put a little love out there.
Um, we did announce earlier today that, um, girls gone wow has, uh, left the voice of geeks network.
Um, as they are signing up with Warcraft radio, which is a relaunching, I think it's a, an older radio network that's kind of coming back because of Twitch.
And so they are going to be, um, streaming and broadcasting with other Warcraft podcasters and, you know, and, and it's absolutely no hard feelings.
Love those girls over there.
Uh, no, I shouldn't say girl. I know there's shows called girls gone wild, but they're women. I love those women, uh, over at girls gone wow.
And, uh, thank you for, uh, many, many years here at the voice geeks network and really, really wishing you guys nothing but the best, uh, in the future and hoping that I'm getting together with all the other Warcraft folks.
Uh, means great things when it comes to like BlizzCon and getting to interview people at Blizzard and all that good stuff.
So, um, yeah, so, um, we're, we're, we're all still friends just, you know, on different networks now. So that's, it's all good.
I just want to wish them the best and thank them for the years that they spent on the voice geeks network.
So, uh, on a somewhat related note, I suppose, uh, the voice geeks network is looking for more podcasts and broadcasts.
Um, I know a lot of people might be using this whole quarantine and weird world times to be getting into that sort of hobby.
Um, so if you have like a geeky related show and it can even be about gaming, uh, or, or what have you, we are looking to recruit more dedicated people for the network.
Um, so reach out, uh, we're very easy to find on Twitter. Uh, I'm at mr Rob Roberts, or of course you can always email me rob at vog network.com.
That's VOG network.com, uh, or look at the website. We're very easy to find there.
Um, definitely looking to recruit some more shows because, um, obviously girls got, wow, I just talked about with them, but we have a lot of other shows that have just pod faded, um, over the past couple of years.
We have a lot of shows that just for various reasons, they're just not recording anymore. These things happen.
Um, believe it or not shows going over 10 years doesn't happen a lot.
So, uh, we've, we've been very fortunate, uh, to still have, you know, Bobby and British invaders. I know pod culture is still, uh, taping here and there and may jam session us.
So we do still have a few shows that have been going a very long time, but unfortunately some of the other shows I have pod faded for various reasons.
So, uh, if you're interested, uh, please don't hesitate to reach out. All right, let's get into some gaming news. Uh, Loki, we'll start with you.
Yeah, so this is kind of funny. Um, so we've talked about G2A for awhile. They're the kind of gray market seller of, uh, steam keys and I think other keys as well.
So they've always been adamant that they don't sell stolen keys on their site and they are so confident that that was the case that they even offered up that, Hey, if you're an independent developer and you find proof that our keys or the keys that we're selling for your games are stolen,
we will refund you, uh, 10 times the amount of those purchases. Well, that leads us to their, uh, blog posts that they put up called keeping our promise.
Uh, basically saying that they found that a 321 keys of, uh, I believe it was, uh, what was that? Factorio. And they found that those were sold, um, illegitimately as well.
So they're now paying, um, them $39,600, uh, which is 10 times the value of any bank initiated refund costs that Factorio paid in relation to each of the 198 illegitimate keys sold via its marketplace.
Um, so it's kind of funny because that basically catches them saying, no, we don't sell those keys except that we do sell illegal keys. And of course they're trying to spin it as basically saying that, Oh, well we were duped.
Um, you know, basically saying that what we lost launched this offer. We wanted to send a clear message to the gaming community that fraud hurts all parties. As we spell out in this blog, fraud directly hurts individuals who buy illegitimate keys.
It hurts game developers and it ultimately hurts G2A because we are forced as a transaction facilitator to cover the costs related to the sale.
Except I think they're well aware of what goes on on their site. And this is probably just a small price for them to pay to do their business. And they probably make way more money from this, but it's just basically them admitting to what everybody's been saying that they've done for a long time. And that's kind of funny.
They're only sorry they got caught.
I feel like, yeah, I feel like that whole congrats you played yourself meme is very appropriate here. Uh, if, if nothing else.
Right. Yeah. Pretty much.
So how is this company kind of still in business even though they got caught? I mean, I know they're, they're kind of talking their way out of it and I don't know.
There's that part of me that wants to go, maybe they're not all bad after all. Maybe there is some lit, but it's, it's just hard when time and time again you see them kind of tripping and falling down the stairs. You know what I mean?
Yeah. It's just, I don't know. It's ridiculous. So just don't buy through G2A.
I mean, even some of the developers have come out and said, Hey, we'd rather you pirate our game to buy through G2A.
So, I mean, that, that's, that's saying a lot because really when you think about it, because if you're buying these keys and then there's, you know, someone's doing a, uh, you know, credit card reversal on them and the developers actually losing money aside from getting no money whatsoever.
They're losing additional money.
No, I totally get it. When somebody pirates the game, which I don't endorse piracy on the show, but when somebody pirates the game, uh, they're getting, uh, they're, they're getting something stolen from them.
When somebody buys from one of these shady key seller recites, they're getting something stolen from them and someone else is getting money. It's like, it's double bad. It makes a really bad thing even worse, but yeah.
All right. Uh, well, let's move on to things that should be a little bit happier news and talk a little bit about the Olympics. Um, so the Olympics in 2020, of course they've been postponed.
They're not going to be happening this year that, or I should say the 2020 Olympics will be happening in 2021. We all know it's crazy times right now and things are going to be happening a little bit differently, but, um,
We'll see about that.
Well, yeah, yeah. Who knows if this thing keeps going to 2021, who knows? But anyway, as of now, that's how things are, but for 2020 this year, uh, there's going to be a team up happening for a special virtual event.
So Xbox and special Olympics are going to be teaming up for a virtual event. Um, now of course, a lot of, we always kind of talk about the Olympics, the Olympics, but of course the special Olympics also happen in the same host city in the same year.
Uh, that the Olympics do. So Tokyo was also going to be hosting the special Olympics. Uh, but obviously that has all shifted as well to 2021. So anyhow, um, Forza Motorsport 7, which of course is Microsoft title is going to be getting a special event on May 30th
for, from 35 athletes representing 11 countries, uh, for some competition. And this is also interesting. They're going to do the award ceremony in Minecraft, which is another Microsoft product at this point.
So it is, it's kind of interesting how, um, you know, that that's all coming together, which, you know, we've heard Minecraft be used for a lot of virtual things, but I don't think we've ever put the name the Olympics behind it.
And that's, I think there's a lot of people out there that have been wondering, are video games ever going to become an Olympic sport? Well, that's not what's happening here.
But the fact that, and it's not the first time the Olympics has had an event around video games either, but the fact that it's going to be happening and it's one of the only 2020 Olympic events that's going to happen in 2020, I think is what kind of makes this notable
because video games have also been bridging the gap of, you know, missing sports right now, right? We've talked plenty on previous episodes about these virtual events for charity or the simulators being used in racing events and so forth.
So, um, pretty cool. Uh, so anyway, uh, you can check out the live stream at three o'clock Eastern, or that would be noon. And again, that is on May 30th.
So that's coming up in the next couple days. And, uh, the whole thing is also going to be, uh, you can get more information, how to volunteer with the Special Olympics, uh, and actually taking donations through the Microsoft rewards program.
So if you're racking up rewards points from either like using Bing or using Game Pass, you get a lot of points to that too. If you've never looked like look at that Microsoft rewards app, because if you collect like a thousand points, which isn't that hard to do,
that's like a dollar you can donate to Special Olympics. And then Microsoft actually matches that. So that's pretty cool. So you might have been wondering like, why the Special Olympics? Because this whole thing is to help raise money, bring attention.
And so, uh, all that good stuff. And yeah, I think that sounds awesome. What do you guys think about this kind of team up event in lieu of an actual Olympics?
It's neat, but like, I don't use Bing.
No one uses Bing.
No, a lot, a lot of people use Bing. Bing's good for one thing. Um, but yeah, I don't use it normally for, um, internet searches.
Wait, wait, what's the thing it's good for?
It is incredibly great from what I hear for searching for pornography.
I was, I was hoping that would be the answer. Thank you.
I'm not sure why, but that's apparently what it is.
I legit didn't know. You know what else is great for searching for pornography? Pornhub.
So I legit did not know that that Bing was like a thing that people search for porn on. That's interesting.
Yeah, I don't know if they do like video searches or what the case may be, but I just don't touch Bing at all because it's Bing and it's garbage.
No, thanks.
No. Yeah. If I'm going to use anything other than, uh, uh, I'd say a Google search, you know, as search engines go, it's probably going to be DuckDuckGo.
Um, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I guess you can search for porn on Bing and Google won't track it.
Well, what about an incognito window or, or is, is that all like tinfoil-y? It's a lie and Google's tracking you anyway.
You can, it's supposed to be completely private.
Hmm. Hmm. Anyway, bonds, double 06 says, why not go back to ask Jeeves?
Oh God, fifth dream brought up hot bot. That was the thing to use for awhile.
Jeeves. How big them titties?
I can't believe people use search engines for that. It's just, it just seems like you'd see the same thing. All right, forget it. Forget it.
We're not having this discussion on this show, although we just did. Let's move on.
Dark soccer. Bring a little class and dignity to this show with your next article, please.
Class? Are you, are you serious? I am a classy bitch.
And again, I got to stress, I mean, you always look great, but you are, you are especially well lit tonight. Your face is beat for the gods.
Can you see I have a ring light on and I am, I am not that, I actually, I have, I put on a bare minimum just because I didn't want to look like, you know, a corpse with as pale as I am.
But I do have my ring light. I got it working.
Your lighting, chef's kiss. It looks fantastic.
And my crew behind me.
Again, again, you, I want to stress, you always look good, but I know you have not always been the most like camera, you know, loving person, but like, you went all out tonight. You look great.
No.
If only your webcam wasn't a potato, but that's okay.
Okay. My webcam.
Okay.
Baby steps. Baby steps.
I got it on Wish out of desperation.
I understand.
Cause.
I understand.
I'm not ready to drop that 150 on the Logitech one I want yet. Not yet.
A lot of people who use Bing buy on Wish out of desperation.
No, some wishes had good cosplay stuff. And I had gotten, I bought the webcam when I was getting the stuff together for Eastern Dolores Park for sister stuff.
I've got all this like feathery crap behind me that was going to be part of my, my look.
Uh, and Bobby has a great point in chat saying, uh, webcams are hard to find right now.
Anyway, with everyone working from home. Yeah. A lot of computer parts got crazy harder to find in this day and age.
I can switch to my Mac. The only reason the stuff's in front of my Mac was just to have a little bit more background stuff.
You're fine.
You don't know it has a great cam on it.
You don't owe anyone an explanation.
But it's funny. I got it on Wish.
All right.
Hilarious.
All right. Anyway, story.
All right.
So, um, for peeps like us who have the Twitch primes, we're getting 20 SNK games for free.
I think it's actually some of the same ones that were in that, uh, that humble bundle a while back.
But, um, starting on May 26th, which for us is in two days.
So that's going to be two years a day.
Um, you get games like King of Fighters 2002, Samurai Shodown 2, um, just a bunch of others.
So, um, the list, uh, some of them on the list is Blazing Star, which I fucking love Blazing Star.
Oh my God.
Um, Last Blade 2, Garo, Mark of the Wolves.
Um, there's a Polestar again that was a prequel to Blazing Star.
Sengoku 3, King of the Monsters, Metal Slug 2, King of Fighters 98 Ultimate Match Final Edition.
Oh, those names.
Those are going to be some good things to have on, uh, on that group.
So I would definitely, if you've got the prime, get it, get it good.
And, uh, if you have prime, drop that sub at VOG Network.
I got to put a cheap plug in there somewhere, please.
Do the thing.
Appreciate those.
Give us the subby subs.
Appreciate those of you that do.
But other, um, uh, loot that's going to be involved in Twitch Prime.
Um, there's a few things right now, but there's going to be, um, some, uh, uh, giveaways like
in game.
Like there's one for like, I think a skin for, uh, Doom Eternal right now.
There's just a few other things in there.
So if you've got the, um, the Twitch Prime, then dig in and see what you can find.
You might find a treat.
Um, and, uh, I, I did, I do want to say, and you, you kind of mentioned this as like, you
know, we've seen these SNK games other places before.
I think Twitch actually gave some of these away before, because I know Fatal Fury Special.
I know I picked that up in a Twitch giveaway at one point because that's my favorite Fatal
Fury game is Fatal Fury Special.
And it was, it was on Twitch Prime at some point because it's already on my computer
and I didn't pay for it.
It was free.
So I guess it could have been a humble bundle, but I'm almost positive it was a Twitch giveaway.
Um, but it is, you know, Hey, not everybody got it the first time.
There's definitely some stuff here now that wasn't there before.
So it's, it's cool that they're giving away a lot.
Maybe I'll have to stream how much I suck at Blazing Star now.
Why not?
Good times.
All right.
I love, I love Samurai Shodown too.
That's one that Dan and I actually have on Neo Geo.
We imported it so it's Samurai Spirits too.
But if you switch the language options in the game, um, if you put it to English, the blood turns wet.
Oh, how funny.
And back to Japanese, you know, so you actually have both language modes on each of those cartridges.
And I'm wondering if, uh, these iterations of the game are going to do the same.
Huh?
I didn't know that.
That's interesting.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Next story.
Loki.
Yeah.
So, um, there's this project that's going on, uh, called Insignia that's looking to
bring back Xbox Live for the original Xbox.
Um, so you may think, well, wait a second.
Don't they already have something like that?
Um, where you can play online with the Xbox?
Well, technically yes.
With tunneling with system link.
So they have that X links.
But this is actually looking to enable Xbox Live using a third party.
Um, I can only imagine that's going to cause some issues at some point when Microsoft catches notice of it.
But apparently they have some proof of concept stuff that they're showing right now where
they go and actually create an Xbox Live account, um, or at least go through all the screens
to do so, um, using the service.
And it's going to be neat if they actually get it going, um, to basically allow folks
to be able to play those games before that, um, had Xbox Live multiplayer, but now they
haven't been able to with system links.
I will be interested to see if it happens, but I'm more on the fence saying that it's
probably going to get shut down before they ever get to that point.
Um, apparently they're in Duda also without console modding as well.
Apparently all you need to do is just actually dump your keys for your console using some
soft mod process and then you're good to go.
Um, and they're even looking to enable like the voice chat messaging and all that stuff.
So, um, be interesting to see how that works out.
Yeah, I'm not sure it's going to be long for, um, Microsoft not wanting to shut it down
either.
I mean, I don't know.
There's a part of me that's like, but you know, to be able to preserve the functionality
of the original console for historical type of reasons and so forth, it's something they
ought to consider just backing off on.
Like, is it really going to cut into their current business?
I don't think so.
But at the same time, Microsoft has made a very big deal about this whole, you know,
oh, well it's going to play everything, you know, so even on Xbox Series X, you'll be
able to play original Xbox games and you know, Xbox Live will work because it's using your
Series X to do it.
But, and this is an important but, uh, is a limited selection Xbox games.
Not every Xbox game works.
You know, you guys know we're big fans of Dance Dance Revolution and the music games
that we all met playing.
Those games to this day don't work.
And I truly think, and I will die on this hill, dammit.
I think DDR UltraMix 2 on the original Xbox is the best home version of DDR they ever
made.
And you can't play it on backwards compatibility right now.
Now, it would be kind of, you know, it would be a little weird anyway because you couldn't
exactly use a dance mat with it.
But, I mean, if you can play DDR on the web right now, why can't I at least button button
revolution?
And if Xbox Series X, because it's going to take USB devices, because the Xbox One does,
maybe there could be a way to bring dance pads back for those that really, really want
to do it.
They could just, I don't know if they could, maybe not even necessarily put out new dance
pads, but like say, hey, if you've got one of those older ones, you can use that.
And I mean, there's plenty of those floating around out there and use store, you know,
use like thrift shops and whatnot.
Hell, I was digging through the garage today and I have two brand new Xbox 360 dance mats.
Oh, nice.
I've never been used because I had my own.
So I have never bothered to actually use those.
I have a PlayStation 2 one that's never been used.
So, yeah, I mean, I suppose they could, you know, support it.
I mean, it's basically just like a, it's, it's such a niche thing that I understand
why it's like, oh, we're just going to like come right out and support it.
But it would be really cool if they could at least get it added to the backwards compatibility
list so we can at least play it with buttons or not.
And I'll tell you, the hardware modifiers will take care of the rest.
Somebody will get a dance pad working through USB so you can play DDR with a dance pad.
Again, it might not work where the game recognizes it as such and all of that,
but it'll be close enough.
Darn it to satisfy, you know, those of us that would like to do that.
Right.
I mean, there's plenty of things already that you can plug into your Xbox that emulate,
you know, pushing in the buttons on the controller.
So it makes sense that they would be able to do that pretty easy.
See, and then not only do the original UltraMix games not work on later X, you know, past the original Xbox,
but then Dance Dance Revolution Universe on the Xbox 360 doesn't work on the Xbox One or anything after that.
So like those DDR games, but yet, yet, yet, do you know what game is playable on Xbox One
that is backwards compatible that does show up?
Is it Beaten Groovy?
Beaten Groovy is backwards compatible.
Give me a fucking break.
Now, and we've talked about this before when we talk about Xbox emulation,
because remember when they got a lot of shit because like Barbie's horse party or whatever was on the emulation list.
And it's like, I don't think Microsoft went out of their way to make that one,
but it's like when they get a certain engine working or they get a certain type of game working,
then that one just gets brought in as well.
And I would imagine for Konami, Beaten Groovy is probably just running through some type of PlayStation 1 emulator,
just like Symphony of the Night.
So when they got Symphony of the Night working, well, Beaten Groovy, hooray, it works too.
So, which by the way is the most terrible thing Konami's ever done to music game fans.
You know, I'm surprised that they don't try to put those out again because you have stuff like,
God, there's like lots of different music games now that are coming out.
They're just specifically using like keys and stuff like the DJ Maxx stuff.
And I'm surprised that they don't try to put out like pop music or something.
I know where the controller wouldn't be the best thing.
But I mean, somebody is going to buy it.
Do you know what I totally forgot to mention during my gaming week?
I played DJ Maxx on PC.
I can't remember the subtitle.
It's fun to play on a keyboard.
I think it's five. It's the one that was free this weekend.
Yeah, it had a free weekend on Steam.
So I checked it out.
I don't want to double dip from the PlayStation 4 version,
especially for the amount they're asking for it.
But it does have a few songs, like the Porter Robinson song is new.
And they have that song from Beat Saber, Pop Stars.
Yeah.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
That song that I will sing it all.
Thank you.
That song is in DJ Maxx as well.
And so I was like, oh, this song again.
So but I think doesn't that all come from like a League of Legends thing?
I think it does.
So I think that's why it shows up in like gaming stuff everywhere.
But anyway.
All right.
So, yeah, I left that on my gaming week.
But when music games got brought up, there you go.
So anyway, we've deviated a bit from the Insignia project.
So maybe Microsoft will shut it down, but maybe they won't.
We'll see.
I think that they will.
Yeah.
All right.
But we'll see.
All right.
It won't be as fast as Nintendo.
Nintendo would have shut that down yesterday.
So there is that.
All right.
Let's talk about New Game Plus Expo.
And one of the biggest companies involved with this is Sega.
So what is it?
It is going to be a new video game showcase.
Obviously, this year with E3 not happening, you have a lot of people scurrying to do something else.
Of course, a lot of that in a virtual environment.
And we've heard that, you know, some of the publishers that would usually do these big press conferences,
such as Microsoft and Ubisoft, they're planning their own thing.
They're going to do their own type of press conference.
Well, what about some of the smaller companies?
It's weird to me to think of Sega as a smaller company.
I don't think they are.
But Sega never did a main stage show.
You know what I mean?
So what happens to these smaller groups that maybe would have booths at E3, but there is no E3 this year.
So a lot of these guys have banded together for the New Game Plus Expo.
It will be kicking off on the 23rd of June.
That's the same day as our anniversary, I'll have you know.
OLR started on June 23rd.
So Tuesday, June 23rd is the day it will kick off.
Fourteen publishers are going to be a part of this digital event.
There will be publishers in North America and Japan.
It will be an hour-long event on Twitch.
That's a lot of publishers for one hour.
8 a.m. Pacific, 4 p.m. in BST.
Is that British Standard Time?
I know that's over there.
And then there will be first looks and Q&A sessions.
Oh, so they're kind of doing the treehouse thing.
They're doing like an hour-long presentation and then deeper dive after that.
So who all is involved?
Sega, Atlas West is part of that as well.
Axis Games, Arc System Works, Inti Creates, Koei Tecmo, Natsume, Playism, WayForward, SNK, and more.
I didn't even name them all, but there's lots of companies that are involved with that.
So pretty cool.
That's a pretty early hour to be up and watching, but I'll be working anyway.
So maybe it'll be that thing where it's like I've got one monitor over here while I get my work done over here
to see if anything kind of catches my eye.
Sounds neat.
I feel like if Kensha Hall got an expo, this would be the closest thing to that.
That's how I feel.
Anyway, moving on. DarkSakura.
So how about some happy, feely good kind of news, right?
We need it.
Well, Guinness has recognized the oldest gaming YouTuber.
This is a 90-year-old woman named Mori Hamako.
She was born on February 18th, 1930.
So that puts it into perspective right in the Depression.
And she started playing video games about 39 years ago and became interested in it when she saw children playing with it.
And she said that it looked so much fun that it wasn't fair that only children could play it.
So she started playing when no one was watching.
Her first gaming console was called the Cassette Vision.
She has kept most of the consoles and software that she bought over the years.
And she says they treasure them because it brings her memories.
Currently, she likes to play PS4. She's into action games.
And her current favorite is Grand Theft Auto 5.
She says it's like watching a film.
I like it the best because it has age restrictions so children can't play it.
And then she started uploading her gaming videos on YouTube because she wanted to share her experiences with other people.
And her quote says it's such a waste if I'm the only one enjoying it.
So she tries to post like three to four videos a month and she loves her fans.
She says that they're very caring and concerned for her and that she thinks that playing video games rejuvenates her spirit.
And here's the last quote from her.
After living for this long, I feel more than ever that playing games for this long was the right choice.
I am truly enjoying my life. It's Rosie.
I love that.
And so, and she just, the pictures of her, you can just see absolute joy on her face while she's playing it.
So I linked the Guinness article in chat.
I've got one of her videos up, but I can only see her fingers playing Days Gone in this video.
So I don't actually see her face. That's unfortunate.
We're like watching her play, but she's not really there.
So I put a link to her to the pictures that are to the Guinness article.
OK, you can see her her just the smile on her face while she's playing in her interview.
It's really cute. Yeah. Well, then you can see there's a lot of different videos on her channel.
You can see in some of them, you can actually see like I have big news.
And oh, this over, she's unboxing her PlayStation four. This is probably a good one from a few years ago.
So here we go. She's very excited to be opening your PlayStation four. That's awesome.
Yeah, she just it just she just looks like she authentically enjoys it.
And I we need more people who will be happy to play games and play them as they get older,
because they say that that you get older because you stop playing.
I bet it keeps her healthy, too, like, you know, just keeping.
I know we always that was the big thing when we were kids is that I'm working on my hand eye coordination.
Right. And we all know, like, but there there is something to that.
Those motor skills and things that might not be tested in older age specifically.
I think that kind of does help. I mean, I'm no scientist or doctor, but it would make a lot of sense that like keeping those things alert.
That's why they had Wii Sports and all the retirement homes. Right. It was a big part of that.
So the other the other thing about this, too, is just I would, you know, be a little bit more worried about repetitive motion injury.
But other than that, I mean, as long as she loves it and has the joy for it, keep doing it, keep encouraging her to do it.
And and, you know, I want to be her one day. I want to be a cute old Japanese lady.
Well, maybe if you ask very nicely, no.
But well, heck, we might still be doing a well are when we're 90 at this rate.
Great. I know I still know about it.
I know one will be listening to get us to get us to be like, it's the longest running podcast.
They're like, who? Oh, yeah. Who cares?
Well, we'll actually wear the clown makeup.
Well, I do that anyway as a sister.
He who is Steve in our chat says about the gamer grandma, that's too sweet.
She's seen far scarier things in her 90 years than some zombies.
Lol. That's true. Days, days gone. That's nothing for gamer grandma.
Well, yeah, but I mean, you think about it. Hold on. Where does where in Japan does she live?
But I mean, she would have been a teenager, maybe not a teenager,
maybe a younger child when Hiroshima and Nagasaki were bombed and she would have lived through that.
And that's nothing to joke about. But that's very that's very like, you know, yeah, you're right.
Very low, low points. Just like the kids today are, you know, well, I'd say some of the kids are having to deal with,
you know, being young when the World Trade Center was bombed or kids now living through a pandemic.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. I liked it. But she she was a witness to the history in Japan.
So just saying. All right. And to see her just finding such joy in this, it just, you know,
it makes me think that there's a moral to be taken out of this and that moral to me should be to always look for fun.
And don't you know, don't let I'd say the worst of humanity make you judge all of humanity.
Although maybe I'm a little judgmental. Well, rock on, Gamer Grandma, you're an inspiration, to be quite honest.
So, yeah, but we're we're coming for you. We're going to keep our going into our 90s.
So we're going to continue our legacy. That's right. That's right. All right.
Let's see the world's oldest podcasters. Let's move on.
Loki, some folks in chat were concerned when they saw this on the sidebar about the private club Penguin Servers.
Kind of like that can't be good. What's going on, Loki? It's not.
It's a spoiler alert. It's not. It's not.
So, yes, apparently people are clamoring to play Club Penguin, even though it's been shut down for a while now.
And of course, now they're coming under fire because Club Penguin,
these private servers that are out there are just full of all sorts of bad things.
So, for example, you know, you've got people filling it full of hate speech and sexual content.
So foul language. There's people engaging in what they call penguin sex and just all sorts of weird stuff.
A bunch of people. It's a bunch of people with no accountability having no accountability.
Right. Exactly. And because it's not on brand with Disney, they have filed DMCA complaints against all of these different things.
So they have a, you know, club Club Penguin re-written, I guess, is one of those in the complaint.
Yeah, they basically are just saying, hey, you guys don't have the right to run these private servers, so stop it.
I would imagine maybe they would have let it go if it was just, you know, family friendly fun.
But because it's just all sorts of dirty filth and garbage. Yeah.
It's got to go.
He who is Steven Chat says, well, that's nothing new. It's been a long running challenge to see how fast you could get banned from Club Penguin.
But on these private servers, people aren't getting banned.
And so it's putting I mean, technically the trademark for Club Penguin and all of that still does belong to Disney.
So if Disney wanted to do a Club Penguin movie or a Disney plus thing, which I think didn't I hear the Club Penguin was going to be a Disney plus thing at some point?
Like they don't want this shit tarnishing their brand. That's a big problem.
Right. Exactly. Because folks don't know, like if there is articles about this coming out, they may not know that Disney is not running this.
They're just like, well, it's a Disney game and I'm seeing screenshots of all this filth. I don't want my kids playing that Disney.
What are you doing? Why are you allowing this? So, of course, they have to come after it.
Yeah. And it's, you know, it's that whole protecting their intellectual property and all that they have to do that.
So, yeah. Heaven forbid, Animal Crossing New Horizons, that server ever goes down.
That's I mean, people are already doing seedy things in that game.
But I guess there's only so much you can do right for now.
Anyway. All right. Let's move on. Let's talk a little bit about this.
I think this is really cool. A Twitch extension coming out for a game, which Jamie, you've talked about.
I really want to play this game. I haven't yet. It's like on my list of I'll get to it eventually.
But it's Detroit by Quantic Dream.
And Quantic Dream is actually putting out an official Twitch add on that will allow viewers to influence the key decisions in the game.
That's pretty cool. That sounds crazy. Yeah. Yeah. It's called Detroit Community Play.
And it will allow polls to start automatically in your chat for up to one hundred and fifty different plot points that are in the game.
And so your viewers essentially will vote on what should the streamer do next.
So you could let your viewers control the whole game if you wanted to.
There's going to be a preview of this. I think it's happening tomorrow. Yeah.
Tomorrow at 11 a.m. and Quantic Dream is going to do an event on their own Twitch channel, which is twitch.tv slash Quantic Dream.
And they're going to show this off. They're actually going to have Brian Deschart and Amelia Rose Blair.
Those names may not be married. They may not sound like familiar names, but they are Connor and Tracy.
They play characters in the game. So they're going to be demonstrating the extension during the opening scene of the game.
So that's pretty cool. And yeah, what they also cost their characters.
I love that. That's like what's her name that does.
Oh, my gosh. Why can't I remember Samara in Mass Effect? Oh, yeah. She cosplays her all the time.
Rana. Mm hmm. I can't remember the rest of her name, but Rana something.
Yeah. And somebody got the guy who is Caden's like they got him to cosplay as Kate.
And even though he doesn't do the voice, he's just the likeness. It's like a model. Yeah.
They got him to cosplay as Caden, too. It's pretty it's pretty fun.
And of course, Mark Mears definitely cosplay as Shepard. But Mark Mears doesn't look like Shepard.
But it's always fun to see the people, you know, kind of cosplay their characters.
Shepard looks how you want Shepard to look. That's true, too. Thanks to Mott.
But no, those two together, they actually both stream and they streamed Detroit in costume as well.
It was pretty amazing. They're just fun to look at on Instagram and Twitter.
You know who else has been streaming a lot on Twitch lately that's been getting a lot of visibility is and I forget her name.
I'm sorry, but she's the gal who voices Aerith in the Final Fantasy seven remake.
She's and there was a very popular viral clip of her seeing her character and hearing the lines for the first time in the game.
Like because, you know, she she doesn't get like a special preview or anything like she went in to do a job.
She did the acting job. Thank you. Here's your paycheck. Goodbye.
You know, I'm not trying to belittle what is a very difficult career, but that's just you know, you you think in your mind.
Oh, and there's lavish red carpet premieres and she gets free copies of the game.
Well, she might get a free copy of the game, but she doesn't get to necessarily play it before anybody else.
So there's actually a clip of her seeing herself essentially in the game for the first time and she kind of cries and it's it's very touching.
And so that's a very popular clip around Twitter right now, too. And I know she's doing a lot.
So pretty cool. All right. Well, let's take a step back to classic times when we weren't streaming games.
We weren't we weren't running the games online and playing them for other people.
We were playing them in the privacy of our own homes for us and maybe whoever else is on the couch.
It's the classic game of the week. And every week, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be checking this game out.
And Dark Sakura, you picked something this week that like I have 30 seconds of video for literally.
And I I don't hear you for some reason because the listeners here, Dark Sakura.
There we go. Sorry, Adam. I was muted. That's all right.
I thought I picked like a good long play, but I guess I guess not. Maybe I linked the wrong thing. That's OK. We'll make it work.
OK. Well, at any rate, the game in question is actually a series that I'm going over because with the advent of the Turbo Graphics 16 mini slash PC Engine Mini,
there are probably people who are seeing this Super Momotaro Densetsu and like, the fuck is this?
I can't read any of this, so I'm going to go over some of the some of what this series is.
So Momotaro Densetsu is a board game style game where you travel by rail or ship or airplane to acquire wealth through business transactions.
You buy properties, you deal with rival entrepreneurs and your nemesis, such as the god of poverty.
And it's been complaint compared to Monopoly or Sogoro, which is a game I haven't played, but whatever.
At any rate, it was first the series started in 1988, produced by Hudson Soft.
And then the rights are now owned, of course, by Konami after they absorbed Hudson in 2012.
But the game is is kind of some people think it's a play on a title for another Hudson game, which is another
Momotaro Densetsu. So it's a role playing game based on the you know, the the from the tale of the bamboo cutter and other Japanese folklore.
But that's not what I'm talking about. So the project supervisor for the series is Sakuma Akira illustration done by Doi Takayuki and the music done by Sekiguchi Kazuyuki.
It's been super popular in Japan for an age. It has exceeded 12 million units for this series.
And for the 20th anniversary of the series, Hudson collaborated with a company called Choshi Electric Railway Line to create a rail train dedicated to a Momotaro Densetsu.
And the train ran until its third anniversary.
And then there are two Momotaro themed restaurants in Japan at different rail stations, one at Hijima and the other at Kami Nagaya.
So at any rate, it also from 2004, it also had some famous Japanese comedians involved in their marketing, Junai Tomonori and Wakatsuki Chinatsu.
So there we go.
But sadly, in 2015, the creator of the series, Sakuma, said, I'm announcing here that Momotaro Densetsu is officially done. Ishikawa at Konami squelched everything.
However, in 2015, Konami loaned the license to Nintendo for an unspecified amount of money.
Seven years, no game until a game was released exclusive to the Nintendo 3DS.
And of course, that one on 3DS was Momotaro Densetsu 2017, Taegare Nippon.
There was another one before that called Momotaro Densetsu World.
And there's also one this year, Momotaro Densetsu Shouwa Heisei Reiwa Motaidon.
So there we go. There's a bunch of mobile games.
There's an iOS game that came out in 2017.
But now this is going to wind me back around to the one on Turbo graphics, or sorry, PC Engine.
It was a HuCard game.
And it's called Super Momotaro Densetsu 2.
It is the second of the Super games in the series.
And the third game overall, it was first released on Super Famicom.
Both Momotaro Densetsu and Super Momotaro Densetsu were Famicom games.
But the games were also released on PC Engine and there's a Game Boy one.
And so with this year, again, you're taking turns moving your train around a board to buy properties and trade resources.
So you are quite the little business person in this game with a good bit of cuteness and a lot of classic Japanese imagery going on.
Of course, trains are very much more popular in Japan, of course, than they are here.
It has a big theme in the series.
So there you go.
You can get games.
I'll just go through a list of what the series has been on.
So it's been on Famicom, PC Engine, Game Boy, Super Famicom, Sega Game Gear, PlayStation, PlayStation 2, GameCube, GBA.
There's Game Boy Advance, of course.
We've had Xbox 360.
That was Momotaro Densetsu 16 Gold, which is another version of Momotaro Densetsu 16 moving in Hokkaido.
We've had DS versions.
We have Wii, PSP, Nintendo DS, 3DS, Switch, that new one coming out.
There's also been several mobile games for i-Mode.
Even when... trying to see what else they are.
Yeah, they're all the Yahoo!
Keitai, EasyWeb, so Japanese mobiles.
And then iOS was Momotaro Densetsu Japan Plus, which came out for iPod Touch in November 27th.
So yeah, classic ongoing series and one that maybe not a lot of Western gamers are familiar with.
So since for all of us who've ordered our TurboGrafx-16 Mini and are saying,
what the hell is this craziness, that's what it is.
And I hope your Japanese reading skills are up to par.
But I do believe that there are FAQs and translated ROMs out there for those who want to get their hands dirty.
Well, thank you very much for that very timely pick.
But not any official localized version, by the way.
Right, it's an underground one, kind of like the Snatcher one.
For sure.
Thank you for that very timely pick with the TurboGrafx Mini finally making its way to the US this week after a little bit of the delay.
Due to everything else going on in the world. So cool.
Everything else going on. That's great.
Or there's that visual, all of this. But it doesn't translate well to the podcast.
Hands everywhere is craziness.
Yes. All right. Okay, let's move on. We got some more stories. We got some fast stories.
Actually, at this point, I will be saying adieu for the evening.
Not a problem.
I missed a few on it, but you might not have seen it.
Oh, yeah, I have to. I have do not disturb on right now because my phone has been blowing up. So sorry if I missed your messages, but yeah.
So I will say bye everybody.
Bye. It was great to see you.
Say bye. Cuphead says bye.
All right. Bye. We'll see you again next week.
One more.
Vegeta says bye.
All right.
Take care, everybody.
Bye bye.
Stupid. Wear your mask.
All right. Bye, Jamie. Thanks for being here.
It was great to see Jamie tonight. So. All right. Awesome.
All right. Well, let's get back. We've got some more news to get to.
We're going to get into some rapid fire news. So, Loki, do you want to start us off?
Yeah, sure. So you had another week and yet another con that's been canceled.
So Gen Con 2020, the America's biggest board game show, has been canceled.
Why? I guess they just didn't want to run it this time.
No, of course, it's COVID-19.
So they just didn't feel like it anymore.
They didn't feel like it.
Yeah. So unfortunately, no board game con this year.
That is a bummer. I hate hearing about all these cons getting canceled.
I know it's inevitable. It's probably going to happen to Dragon Con 2.
And, you know, it's it's one of those where it's like, well, it makes sense, but it still sucks.
Yeah. So along with that, we've got a delay of something as well.
So Kerbal Space Program 2 has been delayed now to fall 2021 because of the unique challenges of developing during COVID-19.
I bet. To put it lightly, yes.
All right. Phoenix 7729 or excuse me, Phoenix 7726 in chat says, hell, PAX West might get axed this year.
I don't want to sound negative, but honestly, count on it.
Like, you know, it's it's I would be I would be shocked if it does happen.
Obviously, I want to be optimistic. I want to cross my fingers and my toes that we will have a cure and or effective treatment.
But prepare for the worst hope for the best, because I kind of feel like if you had a fun big convention or concert or mass gathering plan in 2020, it's probably best to look forward to next year instead.
I love the kitty that you get to show off. Oh, Mr. Smoosh, hugging all the attention all this time.
Who's this? Who's this precious baby on? This is Stella. Hi, Stella. Sorry, podcast folks.
You'll have imagine a very pretty kitty on cam right now. Still, I'm going to say you're going to say anything.
No, no, no. Stella's shy. All right. Anyhow.
Oops. And of course, with Dark Sakura having left, we just I'm off camera.
I know this is one of those things I'll need to fix in a future week. Sorry, guys. We're we're doing it live.
No one can see the cat. I know. Hold on. I'll fix this. We can see the cat again. It's just going to take me a second here.
You think being full screen readjusting? Well, I was supposed to be doing some rapid fire stories here, but that's fine.
You just adjust everything and we want to see the cat. All right. How about now?
There we go. I apologize to the podcast, folks, but we're just going crazy on the video tonight.
All right. Anyhow, let's get into some other rapid fire news.
So first off, the various soundtracks for Castlevania games now on Spotify.
We're talking games like Aria of Sorrow, Symphony of the Night. This is.
Yeah, this is awesome. So Konami unleashed their collection on Spotify.
They announced this on Twitter. There are different playlists that they linked.
So, yeah, I think that's really cool. If you want to know the full rundown,
we have Symphony of the Night, the original soundtrack, Castlevania Chronicles, Circle of the Moon and Harmony of Dissonance,
Lament of Innocence, Curse of Darkness, Aria of Sorrow, Portrait of Ruin,
the Dracula Chronicles, Order of Ecclesia, Castlevania Judgment, Castlevania Harmony of Despair.
How dare they leave out Castlevania 64? How could they? Just kidding.
All right. Well, we just all like to forget that along with the Wii fighting game that they had.
Oh, God, I forgot about that. I wish I could stay forgetting about that.
All right. The Epic Game Store is giving away Civilization 6.
If you are not already aware, you should really get on that unless you're like morally opposed to the Epic Game Store,
which I understand people have their reservations. But if you are like Epic Games or you're playing Fortnite
and you have it on your computer anyway, you really should grab Civ 6 while it's free.
You only have a few more days to do it. So it is free until 11 a.m. Eastern on May 28th.
So just like they gave away Grand Theft Auto 5 last week, they're giving away Civ 6 this week.
And it's honestly like a must have, especially at the price of free.
I wonder what next week's going to be.
Yeah, there are some leaks out there that called these two.
So now it's kind of like, all right, well, since they got both these right, they probably got the rest right, too.
And so if you want to believe the leaks, the next game will be the Borderlands Handsome Collection.
That'll be a pretty good one, too.
Yeah, it's good for people that don't have it.
How do you think I feel about Civ 6? All right.
Yeah, that's true. I'll just pick it up on the other platform.
My problem is I have all the expansions and stuff on the Steam version.
All right.
Phantasy Star Online 2 is going to be launching on the PC this coming week.
It launches on May 27th. I am very excited about that.
I've played it a little bit on Xbox One. I'm going to play it even more on PC.
So that is very, very, very cool. So I'm hoping some live streams with that.
I know Delvin over at VG Realness and I were talking about doing some team-ups.
And when we played PSO Blue Burst, we had a shit ton of fun.
So I'm really hoping that carries over into PSO 2.
I'll probably be starting over, to be quite honest, on PSO 2.
Just because I got overwhelmed by everything there is to do in the game.
All right. I need to go back.
All right. Moving on. The PlayStation 5.
Maybe not being revealed in June, they say.
We don't know.
You know what? That's kind of why I put this in rapid-fire news.
Because the extent of this is we've had all these rumors.
We've had all these talk about dates and so forth.
But at the end of the day, we don't freaking know.
And we're going to leave it at that.
You got, like, Microsoft's not even doing theirs until July.
So I wouldn't expect, I mean, I guess PlayStation could jump out ahead.
You know, release the information first.
But everyone's in no hurry.
Yeah.
Real quick aside, I lost my connection to Twitch altogether.
Like, I can't see chat anymore.
But I show we're still pushing out data to Twitch.
But I lost the chat room.
So if you guys are there, maybe I can connect on my phone app and find it that way.
Yeah, we're so good.
God, there's a lot of stuff going on.
Oh, you can see them fine?
Yep.
That's weird. That's just my computer then.
All right.
Help me relay any good chat comments then while we do these next few things.
While I figure out what the hell's going on over here.
Yeah, like the dashboard site has gone.
If the Mass Effect games come out in Epic, will you get them there, Rob?
I already have them on PC through Origin.
And as much as I love to triple dip, I don't think I can justify literally two separate releases on PC.
However, if they gave it away for free, I might.
I mean, free's free.
Yeah.
And I mean, I don't think EA would ever do that because they have their own platform that they're trying to push with Origin.
And they were giving away games on that for a while.
So, yeah.
All right.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
So, Loki, if you want to start us off there.
And again, sorry, chat.
I can't see you guys right now.
I'll try to get back in there as soon as I can.
But Loki will have to cover for me until I get back.
Yeah.
My desktop over here, I think, has completely thought the Internet has died.
That's the problem I'm having right now.
That is fantastic.
All right.
OK.
So we've got a few things this week.
So first off, Minecraft Dungeons on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We have Uta, Waru, Mono, Prelude to the Fallen.
That's PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Wildfire on PC.
Phantasy Star Online 2 on PC.
Shantae and the Seven Sirens on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Let's see.
Umehara Kawase Bazuka.
That's on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
And then Umehara Kawase Fresh on PC.
Bioshock, the collection on Switch.
Borderlands is a legendary collection on Nintendo Switch.
XCOM 2, the collection on Nintendo Switch.
And last but not least, Xenoblade Chronicles Definitive Edition on Nintendo Switch.
Oh, God, that's right.
That's this week, too.
That's a huge one.
I can't wait to check that out.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
All right.
Well, let's talk about Japan a little bit.
And you guys are going to have to excuse me because I'm reduced to having to work off
my phone right now because I'm doing the good old turn it off and on again over on this machine.
So bear with me for a little bit here.
But I think we can cover some of the release dates on the Nintendo Switch over in Japan.
So in Japan, I'm seeing on the Switch, it looks like a lot of peripherals and stuff.
Oh, we do get into some games.
We have Dairoku Aya Kashimori in a regular and limited edition is coming out,
as well as Uta no Prince Sama, Amazing Aria and Sweet Serenade Love is coming out as well.
From a company called Broccoli.
I did not make that up.
That is that is the name of the company.
And then Synaptic Drive, also out on the switch this week.
And the Zombie Army Trilogy is coming out as well.
Taking a quick look at the PlayStation four.
We have some similar stories there.
We have the Legend of Heroes, Aonokisuke, Umehara Kawase Bazuka is out on the PlayStation four as well.
And oh, the Bayonetta and Vanquish collection.
I didn't realize that was delayed a little bit in Japan compared to here.
But that is coming out in Japan this week.
That whole like 10th anniversary remaster that they did.
So that's pretty cool.
Awesome. All right.
Well, how about the UK, Loki? Would you mind taking that over for a minute?
So the UK, we've got also Minecraft Dungeons on PC and Xbox one.
Slime Rancher Deluxe Edition on PlayStation four and Xbox one.
We have the expansion for the Elder Scrolls Online.
Graymoor that's coming out on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC.
Ion Fury on PlayStation four and Nintendo Switch.
Lovecraft's Untold Stories on Nintendo Switch.
We have the Bioshock collection on Nintendo Switch.
The Borderlands legendary collection also on Switch.
Hard West Collector's Edition on Nintendo Switch.
And last but not least, the Zeta League Chronicles Definitive Edition on Nintendo Switch.
Great.
All right. This is the part of the show where we would do emails.
And I think I'm going to get probably just back into it here just in time.
Sorry, guys. We have any interesting chat comments to get out while I try to get our our mail up here.
I think turning it off and on again helped.
But it's going to take me a minute to get everything launched again.
Phoenix 7 7 2 6 is the last of us to launches in four days.
I don't think so. No, I think I bumped it to June, didn't they?
I think it was going to be at some point, but I bumped it to June.
So because that was that whole release date update when all the spoilers happened and all that crap.
So, yeah, it's not coming out for a while now, I think.
Just trying to take a peek and see. I thought it was in the gym.
I don't remember. I could look it up, but but you know, it is coming out, though, on the fourth.
What's that? We've we've got clubhouse games on the switch.
Is that that soon? I'm excited about that. I heard that has like Wii bowling in it.
Does it? Yeah. Isn't that crazy? I know.
I think that's awesome, though. They should put out like a new Wii sports type thing for the switch.
I mean, I know that's not as easy to do.
I mean, you can't really play that portable, but. Well, maybe you could.
You could play in handled mode or not handheld, but like in that non docked mode,
we're just sitting there on this crappy kickstand. Yeah, that's true. You can.
All right. I have Internet back on this machine. Yay. All right. Let's move on.
Unplugging it and plugging it back in fixes it. Go figure. All right. Moving on.
I think my chair got so close it like knocked out the USB for the Internet or knocked it out just enough.
Anyway, isn't that ridiculous? All right. Let's get to our e-mails.
You guys e-mail us. Participate at orangesontrader.com and we read your e-mails here on the show.
As long as they're not like downright mean or offensive or we have like a lot because like there have been some e-mails.
I haven't read, but it's because we get a lot of e-mails in a certain week or something.
We do have one e-mail this week and I certainly will read it because it's from our power.
Why? Why are so let's get to it. It's a long e-mail, but that's OK.
It's one e-mail. So we'll do a long one. Hello, L.R.
I actually would have preferred to call in at the end of the show about this and was planning to do that.
But then I remembered you're not taking calls at the moment. So we'll have to settle for an e-mail.
And, yeah, for the for the next little bit, we're not going to be doing the discord part.
And that's nothing to do with you guys. You guys are amazing.
But now, especially because I'm having to adjust everything on the fly, we have video and all those other elements that are going on.
We're just going to kind of encourage you guys to use chat, Twitter and some of these other methods.
Obviously, we would hope this world situation does end up being temporary.
And maybe in a few more months we can talk about not having to do the shelter in place and we can mix a little bit, just a little bit safely.
But right now, yeah, we can't do that. So we have to do things a little bit differently.
All right. Anyway, moving to the rest of the e-mail here.
During last week's discussion about DDRV, Loki asked why Konami doesn't just port their current Bawani games to PC.
Actually, some of their current games have already received or will soon be receiving home versions.
However, most of them are very difficult for North American players to access thus far,
despite the fact that current arcade versions of DDR2DX and even Ghidodora now feature full English language support.
I'll mention briefly, we need to keep in mind that Japan is still their primary market.
I can't speak for what would happen if everyone in America had easy access to arcades containing Bawani games.
But at this current time, there are many more Bawani players in Japan than in America.
So all the products I'm about to mention have only been released in Japan thus far.
It's possible to play them in other countries if you're willing to jump through some hoops,
but it's not a click click done kind of thing.
Currently, there are PC versions of BeatMania 2DX and SoundVoltex that are playable at home.
However, because they play very similarly to the arcade game and Konami doesn't want to compete with themselves,
neither one is paid to own.
2DX requires a monthly subscription that costs about $15.
SoundVoltex can be played on an unlimited basis for about $20 per month,
though some songs will be inaccessible.
You also have the option to pay per play, similarly to how the game works in arcades,
with almost the same song list as the current arcade version.
As a quick aside, isn't that kind of how Neon FM works on mobile?
If I remember right, it's been a hot minute since I've played that,
but I remember playing it in the arcade would give you credits to play the phone game one,
and the phone game one you either had to buy credits or you could get like one or two a day.
Again, I haven't played in quite some time, so I hope I'm not misrepresenting,
but that is very interesting about the whole they don't want to compete against themselves,
and it does raise an interesting point.
But I'm also kind of like you can't really control something like Neon FM the same way on a mobile phone that you do in the arcade,
so for me nothing replicates the arcade experience, but I realize I'm changing the argument a little bit there.
Speaking of mobile though, let me get back to YYR's email.
Also, a mobile version of BeatMania 2DX released last December, called BeatMania 2DX Ultimate Mobile,
it actually features the same song list as the current arcade version.
You can play using your touchscreen or by plugging in a controller that is very similar to the old official controller for PS2.
For free, you can choose from about 100 songs, though like many other free-to-play games,
playing songs will drain a stamina meter that takes time to replenish unless you pay to fill it up.
You can also subscribe for $4.50 or $9 per month to ditch the stamina meter and gain access to the full song list.
The lower tier subscription includes 2 out of 3 difficulties, the higher tier adds the hardest difficulty.
Both tiers also give you access to a music player that contains almost every Bamani soundtrack ever released
from currently supported games outside of DDR and SoundVoltex.
The lower tier only gives you access to 2DX soundtracks, but the higher tier gives you access to all of them.
Once again, the game is only available in Japan, but if you're able to access apps from other countries, you're good.
Planned for release during 2020 are similar mobile versions of both SoundVoltex and DDR.
So, we now have an idea as to what new Konami versions of Bamani games look like.
I now ask, are you still jonesing for these, or do these sound like hot garbage to you?
Would you be interested in subscribing to one of these if it did make its way to America,
or are you turned off by a subscription or pay-to-play model? What say you?
Yes, I am turned off by a pay-to-play model.
I'm not.
I'd rather just...
I'm not.
I don't know.
Because of Neon FM, the way they're doing it doesn't offend me.
And it doesn't sound that dissimilar from what you're talking about here.
Now, granted, one key thing that's missing that I think would be really cool if Konami did it
was that when you play in the arcade, you get coins to play the phone version.
Because it's like, you're supporting the arcade version, you're kind of paying there,
so you get some plays in the home version.
And, you know, we have enough round ones and things like that.
I know it's not everywhere.
And the current world situation aside, and can you even play it round one anymore?
Let's put that on the back burner for now.
But I think that's a pretty neat way to do it.
Something else to consider, because it didn't come up in the email,
Konami has released some of their games on mobile in the US, especially on iPad.
U-Beat and Reflect Beat come to mind.
And now that I'm saying those, you probably knew that and remember that.
Granted, those did not do pay-to-play, but I seem to remember U-Beat only had like two songs.
Unless you started buying song packs, then you got a lot more with it.
So it wasn't really free-to-play.
And then Reflect Beat I think was a similar thing.
But I'm not, I don't completely hate this.
I'm not sure I would subscribe to the super difficult $9 tier.
But I might give it a little bit of money now and then,
or especially if it linked up with the arcade version, I would love that.
So yeah, maybe that answer surprises you.
But I think, again, like Neon FM, I don't hate it.
And I think it does something very similar.
So sure, why not?
Anyway, back to more YYREmail.
I'll end by saying that I have no plans to port Super Multitasking to Unreal Engine 5.
Sorry if this disappoints you, but the thing I'm using now costs me zero in royalties, even if I make over a million dollars.
Sorry if this...
Go ahead.
Yeah, I was gonna say, you would still, you know, not have to pay royalties anyways with Unreal 5.
And I mean, ray tracing.
We need it in all the things. I want all of those pixels super shiny.
I support YYRE using whatever paper, what do you want to say, paper method, method he wants to use.
Engine, he can do whatever he wants.
Sorry if this email was forever long. Have a great week, everyone.
No, I enjoy the long emails.
And you're right, we don't have the calls right now, so we're gonna get some longer emails.
And that is all good by me.
Alright, if you want to send an email for a future week, please do so.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send those emails.
We do have a few more stories for you guys before we take your questions from chat, so let's get to it.
Loki.
So it's like this very short-lived saga that we were talking just literally last week about Doom Eternal getting some controversial anti-cheat update and adding de novo to it.
And then just like that, they're taking it out again.
So apparently there's gonna be an update.
It says, despite our best intentions, feedback from players has made it clear that we must re-evaluate our approach to anti-cheat integration.
And with that, we will be removing anti-cheat technology from the game in our next PC update.
I think this is a good thing, but at the same time, I always shudder a little bit to think that complaining on the internet actually worked in a scenario.
But points were made, you know.
It's just de novo. Maybe if they had another brand of...
And it super didn't make sense in a single-player environment either.
And I think that was the biggest, like, you know, for me, I'm kinda like, well, why is this on there if we don't need the single-player environment?
But don't forget the Discord comment from last week that I still think is very good, and that is about, you know, everyone got pissed off at this, but how much other bullshit do you have on your computer running in the background that, you know, you're not getting as angry about?
And I think that was a damn good point that was raised, to be honest.
So something to consider for the internet mob.
Definitely. I mean, there's lots of other games that have shady things to them, or even just, not necessarily games themselves, but just, like, middleware for different things.
Yeah. So, alright.
We'll see what they end up... I wonder if they're gonna replace it with a different anti-cheat thing, or they're just gonna let, you know, if people want to hack, then screw it, we tried.
I'm very curious to see what it kind of looks like.
They're just never gonna win. They're gonna have people complaining, like, there's to be hackers in here, and then when they try to fix it, we don't like the anti-cheat.
It is a no-win scenario.
What do you want me to do?
Sometimes what also feels like a no-win scenario is when you buy a game on, say, Steam or Epic Games Store or something, and then it goes on sale the very next day, and it's like, damn it.
Even though the same thing can happen in the real world, right? You go and you buy, like, a shirt or something, and then you see the ad, oh, it's going on sale next week.
You know, and some stores in the real world will offer you, like, the difference. Like, you can take your receipt in and get the difference up to a certain amount of time.
And now we have word of online retailers offering to do the same thing, and that's Epic Games Store.
So Epic Games Store is supposed to be streamlining the process of returning and repurchasing a game.
So basically what happens is an automated system that basically you return the game, you rebuy it, so you're kind of getting that difference back.
So there's actually some emails and things going out about this because what happened, a tweet went out where a guy from a studio actually got a partial refund from a game where the price dropped after he bought it.
And it said, you recently placed orders from the Epic Games Store. The price of the game you purchased was recently lowered, so we are issuing partial refunds for the difference.
That's a pretty big deal. I got to admit, one reason I've been very hesitant to buy Tetris Effect on Epic Games Store, well, number one, I'm not giving them my credit card information, but I heard you can use PayPal or Amazon Pay or something.
You can, and did you happen to claim the free, well, it wasn't granted, you claimed something on there.
The $10 coupon, yes. Yes, I did get that, and so I'm really thinking of getting Tetris Effect, but one thing that was kind of holding me back was,
well, what if they give that game away next? But then, of course, the leak came out and it's not on the leak list, but what if it goes on sale, but it's on sale now.
So I feel like my hesitation there, oh, I feel a little better about it. I think I probably will, probably before the next time we record, I will have successfully double dipped on Tetris Effect and bought that on PC.
So, you know, but honestly, those of you that have played Tetris Effect can probably relate, right? It's a great game.
So, yeah. Anyway, so that's pretty cool. I hope it doesn't hurt the developers too bad.
I hope that Epic is eating a good chunk of the cost there, but I also kind of think if it does add up to the goodwill and it puts more faith in people purchasing,
that probably actually will help developers in the long run because people won't be doing what I just admitted to doing with Tetris Effect, being hesitant to buy it because you know it's going to go on sale soon.
So now you can buy it with a little bit more confidence, and that's pretty cool.
So, alright. Bobby Blackwolf is pointing out Tetris Effect could release on Steam on July 23rd.
That is true, but when it does release on Steam, it's probably going to be full price for some time, whereas it's on sale on the Epic Games Store right now.
And I'm like, do I need it on Steam that bad? I don't know. Like, it's kind of the same thing to me. I don't really care about the trading cards and the badges and all that stuff anymore.
It was the credit card thing that was bothering me, but PayPal, I'm okay with that. So, anyway.
vidpower573 says, Alternatively, buy games on the last day of the sale to make sure the game isn't given out for free before you buy it.
Although the leak, I'm willing to believe the leak, and it's not on the leak. It seems a little early to be giving that away anyway. We'll see.
Alright, a few more stories for you. Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of cool. So we've talked about different companies releasing the source code for their games.
Now we have EA releasing the source code for Command & Conquer and Red Alert.
And this is in the efforts to allow folks to design mods, I guess a little bit easier.
So it's basically releasing the Tiberian Dawn DLL and Red Alert DLL and their corresponding source code under GPL version 3.0.
I'm curious to see what comes out of this. I love the old Red Alert games.
But with the EA and stuff, I'm worried. I'm assuming though with the license that they have, they're not going to necessarily own all of the mods that you make.
To me, the gut feeling is that Bethesda, the thing that they were doing with their paid mod marketplace, where something's like, okay, make some cool mods.
Now we own all of that stuff. Maybe I'm thinking Blizzard.
That was the thing with Warcraft 3 Reforged, yes.
So maybe I'm thinking more of a Blizzard on this, but I don't know. It's a good idea.
I guess if you're trying to get some more interest into your older games, perhaps maybe we'll see a new Red Alert or Command & Conquer game come out.
And this is to kind of get people interested in that. I'm down.
Are you actually going to do anything with the source code?
Oh God, no.
I don't have time for that.
This is kind of like, you know, we had that story about the Wii source code got leaked last week and it was kind of like, but what does that really mean?
Because there was more this week. I glossed over a story for this week that the same thing happened to the original Xbox and so forth.
And it's like, I guess I brought it up anyway, but it's like, really, what good does it do?
Now, maybe Command & Conquer, I will say this, Command & Conquer is a different situation because I don't want to get bitched at by those that do have more programming prowess and knowledge and so forth.
And probably can make better use of this because of the fact that EA is giving it out openly, then it's a little different than these stolen one situations.
The Command & Conquer one, you know, you're in the legal clear to be in there messing with it and doing your own thing and learning from it and so forth.
Whereas when we talk about the Wii, the original Xbox, you're not in the legal clear, right?
Like the emulator folks have to stay away from that stuff or their emulators get shut down and all that, right?
But with Command & Conquer, it is a little bit of a different story.
So I'll leave it at, I will say that, but yeah, like for the most part, like most people that read these stories and talk about these stories and tweet about these stories, probably you're never going to look at the source code or make any sense of it.
But I suppose for the few people that can and maybe will learn something from it, it is pretty cool.
And it is great for an archival type of purpose too.
I think that is really cool.
It's like, you know, this is a part, you know, so it's like with the source code, there will always be a version of Command & Conquer able to play somewhere.
And that's pretty cool.
Yeah, it'd be cool like if we'd see, you know, because not so much with Doom per se, but like there's a lot of these games that when they do release like the source code out or release, you know, some remastered version or something for free that they'll also start developing more content for it.
Like we've been seeing a lot of these WADs coming out from the creators of Doom and stuff, and that's pretty awesome.
I would like to see like more mission maps or something like that.
That in turn has helped the PlayStation 4 release of Doom, like the Doom classic, because remember how Bethesda started like integrating the WAD support?
Like they're still releasing stuff, which is kind of neat for the classic Doom.
And yeah, so you're right, maybe it brings some type of general knowledge to Command & Conquer, or it means in a couple of weeks somebody is going to get Command & Conquer running on a refrigerator.
That's okay too. Those are always fun to see too.
So yeah, like I remember like I used to mess with the rules I and I file all the time, and that was my, you know, fun with that is because you'd be able to customize units and make them way overpowered and stuff.
Just messing with that rules I and I file, I could change all the attributes of all the units.
That was good enough for me to cheat my way through.
I used to play a lot of skirmish maps, so it wouldn't necessarily be playing through the campaign.
But it was a lot of fun though, just like setting up a skirmish map and like having like four or three or four computer opponents and just like dominating a two hour match, even though it's kind of unfair.
It's funny you talk about editing the I and I files because even I remember doing that back in the day.
I want to say it was for Civilization, the original one, but it might have been another game, but I remember editing the I and I file to get people to say nasty things.
You know, like just use four letter words and just swear and do these horrible, horrible things because, you know, I was, you know, 14 years old and super mature and that's what we do.
But yeah, I remember even I've done the I and I editing, so for completely no artistic value whatsoever.
Yeah, it was always just like, you know, hey, we're going to make Einstein shoot lightning out of his hands or we're going to make, you know, we're going to make the Tesla coils generate electricity and you can place them 20 spaces away from other things.
And basically just keep building across the map until you can place one right in the middle of the enemy's headquarters and it just destroys all of them.
Yeah, all sorts of fun stuff.
All right. Well, last story here has to do with Nintendo rumors and, you know, everybody's kind of expecting Nintendo to do a direct in June.
And if you are to believe rumors and things of that nature, Nintendo may not be doing it.
Nintendo is saying to third party developers, you don't have to wait for a direct. You can announce your games like usual.
Nintendo may be looking at a system to what they just did with Paper Mario for the interim, where they basically announced it.
It's coming out in a few weeks and this could be something that we're going to be looking at.
Again, this is all coming from rumors.
If you want to go far enough, what they're saying out there is Pikmin 3 Deluxe, 3D Mario remasters.
We've heard that before and Super Mario 3D World Deluxe.
I'm on board for all of that, but again, I'm not exactly going to expect those things, but okay.
But you may not get a lot of warning, it sounds like, before this stuff comes out.
What do you think, Loki? Do they need to announce things way in advance or do we live in a day and age now, especially with digital distribution, where it's like, okay, it's coming out in six weeks. Enjoy.
I just think people are getting kind of hungry for game announcements because it is kind of getting towards that time of year where we would expect to have a lot of those.
I like a lot of the announcements and seeing some of this gameplay and in-depth stuff.
Sure.
Yeah, I'm a little disappointed that they're not doing a direct.
We don't know. Rumors.
Allegedly a direct, yeah.
I would love to see some announcements like that, just to hear about more things rather than just a Twitter video announcement or something like that.
It would be cool, but I get it if they're not going to do that.
You know, I have to be honest. I feel like they could do it the way they did it with Paper Mario and they would completely get away with it because at the end of the day, the Switch is still selling like hotcakes.
Animal Crossing is the world's favorite game right now.
Every, you know, I feel like Nintendo is in a great position. They can kind of do what they want and it doesn't matter, except one key thing that I think kind of screws this whole thing up, investors.
And I feel like they're the ones that are putting on a little bit of the pressure where it's like, okay, Nintendo, Animal Crossing is the shit. It's doing great.
What's going to come out next? And we just don't know.
And so for that reason, I'm a little bit like, I don't know if Nintendo can really do this long term. It might be kind of like the thing they do during this COVID situation, depending on how long that plays out.
But I just don't see Nintendo doing this as long term strategy because I feel like investors are going to hate it. But at the same time, investors have to be loving the profits that are being made right now.
So, can Nintendo rewrite the rules in that department? I suppose so. I don't know. Anyway, one other thing that should be mentioned, Bayonetta 3, it is not canceled.
So it was reaffirmed this week. Yes, Bayonetta 3 is still being worked on.
Who thought it was canceled?
I don't know who thought it was canceled, but you know how Twitter is.
Are we going to, with that assumption, are we going to think that Metroid Prime 4 is canceled too? Because, yeah, they announced it super early, but I didn't think it was coming out this year. I mean, I don't know.
So, good point from Mr. Shio100Matt in chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network who says we were supposed to get an announcement on that ARMS character in Smash Brothers Ultimate. Then again, that was talked about in a pre-COVID world.
So you're right, we were supposed to get some other further announcement on an ARMS character, but who knows how everything has been changed because of what's going on in the world.
And that ARMS character is Waluigi.
I wish. I so wish.
They should add him to ARMS for just no reason whatsoever. And then that's what the announcement is going to be is that, you know, he's coming to ARMS and therefore he's coming to Smash Brothers.
I love it. It's time for our listener round table. If you have any questions in chat or comments, we would really love to hear them over at Twitch.TV slash VOG Network.
In the meantime, I will turn to Loki and ask if he has any last minute stories for us tonight.
I do have a couple of things. So because Pac-Man's 40th anniversary is happening now, it makes sense that there's going to be a Pac-Man 40th anniversary edition micro player.
So My Arcade is doing their little 40th anniversary cabinet that they're putting up for $40.
Interesting. I already have one of those My Arcades for Pac-Man. It's over. It's off screen, but it's over in my collection.
They're good. They're good little, you know, devices.
40 bucks seems like kind of a lot of money though for that little thing.
They're 35 for the others usually. The My Arcade, those machines are a little bulkier than the arcade classics and those are the ones that go over 20.
Maybe it's 30 they usually go for. Anyway, I want to get some quick comments from chat.
Sia Tabiri says, sorry for sounding like a broken record, but have you seen any interesting Twitch collaborations recently?
I watched a set of six drag queens with Twitch channels playing Deceit, a mix of Dead by Daylight and Werewolf last night and it was super interesting.
Seeing them support each other so much, really promoting each other's channel and interacting in the ways they did was such a fun time.
I personally didn't see that. I have heard about those types of collaborations. I want to collaborate with my friends and do some cross promotion and fun things.
That's when Twitch works great. That's when Twitch works right. I think it is great. And I love like streamers uplifting each other and so forth.
And it is interesting how drag is more and more showing up on Twitch, not just because I think, you know, folks are finding it's a great way for expression and show forth on Twitch.
But with all the bars and so forth being closed, there's so much of these like virtual performances and things that are being done online right now.
Think how hard it is for, you know, you name it, you're whatever RuPaul's Drag Race queen, they can't tour bars right now.
You know, especially these queens that are on season 12 and All Stars 5, because I know that's all the rage on TV right now.
And I'm sorry to dive into RuPaul's Drag Race chat, but it is take your favorite whatever that relies on in person stuff.
Like it's, it's hurting right now. Like these season 12 queens should be able to tour the country and make money off their television appearance.
They can't. These All Stars 5 queens, same thing. They're going to be in the limelight again, especially queens we haven't seen in a long time like Anjaina and Jujubee can tour, but now they can't do that touring.
And so that really sucks. But the virtual streams is a way to do it. I would be curious if they're making nearly as much money on a virtual stream as they were doing in tips.
But something's better than nothing, I suppose. So anyway, sorry to deviate a little much there, but I thought that was a good question.
Hype Mayhem says, do we need a Bayonetta 3 at this point? Hell yes, we do. Of course we do. I love Bayonetta. I really want to see a third game. That'd be awesome.
Any other stories, Loki?
Um, yeah, so I was going to mention also that we also got a video this week of some more stuff for Lego Super Mario. So they showed that they're going to have different power ups for it as well. So they have the cat Mario.
Um, they have that hammer brother Mario and then the fire flower Mario as well. So they're going to sell those add ons as well. August 1st when that comes out. So that was kind of neat.
Uh, yeah, it looks awesome. The other thing I saw too, was that the announcement that a Final Fantasy 14 starter edition went free on PlayStation 4.
I heard about that. What a great time to jump in.
Yeah, that's only for a few more days, right?
Um, yes, I believe it's, uh, let's see here. It is going to be ending, um, May 26th. So yeah, I got a couple more days.
Yeah. And that is the base Realm Reborn game. So it's none of the expansions because that's where they're going to get your money is if they get you hooked and then you get the expansions.
Uh, and 30 days of time to play for free. So if you've been curious or you want to dip your toe in the water, I mean, now's a great fricking time, but there, there's a reason for it.
They have a plan to get money out of you, but I, you know, I talk about Final Fantasy 14 a lot on this show. I love it as an MMO. It's, it's, it's worth a look in my opinion.
Um, but I, I understand the cost can put people off, but here's a way to, to take, take a look in the door free for 30 days at least.
Mm hmm. Um, what do you, I forgot to mention that's coming out this week in the U S is pong quest. That was something else that's coming out. Remember that, that pong game that was, uh, like an, like an adventure type stuff.
And they have all the callbacks to different classic Atari games in there. So that's, I totally forgot. That was the thing I, now that you're mentioning, I'm like, yeah, I think there was a story on that a while back. Well, that's cool.
See, see if that is fun.
So yeah, that's pretty much it. All right. Well, uh, I guess that's going to do it for another. Oh really? Oh, sorry. Late breaking news. And this is important. SSJ 100. Matt says, uh, it sounds like team ketchup may have won splat fest.
I'm so glad splatoon did a do over on that whole thing. So that the right team could win in that scenario, because I believe mayonnaise won the first time. So I'm very, I'm very glad a justice prevailed on the redo.
All right. Anyhow, uh, that's going to do it for another, uh, episode of orange launch radio. Thank you guys so much for tuning in and participating with our show, whether it was live here or not.
Twitch TV slash vog network. Or even if you were listening on the podcast feed, we love you all the same. All we ask here at orange launch radio, tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to put out over the arrow and can't, can't put your voices up. So, uh, tell a friend or two about the show auto hosts on Twitch. Even if you don't like to stream yourself, they still go a very long way.
It's a great way to like, tell your friends. So host vog network, uh, super appreciate that. And, um, yeah, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever you found this show goes an awful long way. So thank you again to everybody.
And, uh, hope you guys, especially on the Twitch side, I know the podcast didn't see a lot of changes this week, but on the Twitch side, I hope you guys enjoyed the webcams.
Well, this week was about getting them added next week. It will look better. I'll have more time to play with it and set up the different shots. Now that I know like what the limitations are. Uh, so next week we'll hopefully look a little better on that front and we can get used to this for, cause it's going to be at least, I mean, I don't know. I, yeah, I don't know. I, I, I, I feel uncomfortable even putting a date out there. We'll be back together when we can be back together. But until then we'll do this.
So, all right. Um, that's it. I think it's about time to get a final thoughts. Uh, Loki, you want to start your final thoughts tonight?
Uh, yeah. My final thought is I'm glad that we've got tomorrow off for Memorial day. And also we, we have to wish, uh, Rama a happy birthday. His birthday's today.
I forgot it was today. Happy birthday, Rama. Oh my gosh. I know so many like late may babies. Yeah. Happy birthday, Rama. Uh, Shane from the who's on the show all the time. His was yesterday. So happy late birthday.
Yeah. So lots of, lots of late May. And then my friend Amanda's right around this time too. My old roommate. Yeah. Lots of late May people. I know. So yeah. Happy birthday to all you late May's folks out there. Um, that's it. That's going to do it for us this week.
We'll be back. Oh, my, my final thought quickly. Um, I need to play my turbo graphics mini already. Now that I'm done with LARP stuff, I can do it. And, um, I downloaded and played the tutorial and I'm going to play a little more immortal combat Excel.
I did do that this week and I didn't talk about it in my gaming week cause I only did the tutorial, but so we played that. Um, we, we, we're going to do some co-op on a Minecraft dungeons later this week.
Hell yeah. I can't wait to play Minecraft dungeons. Hell yeah. I want to play that for sure. I hear it's short. There's so much stuff this week. There's Minecraft dungeons, PSO2, uh, Xenoblade Chronicles. Like this is a great week for gaming despite this crappy world situation.
So, um, enjoy it guys. Have a great time gaming this week. So, all right, we'll see you in seven days to talk all about it. All right. Have a great week, everybody. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
you
