This week, the Internet is outraged on behalf of a talented 9-year-old Fortnite player.
Also this week, the Internet learns about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
and more importantly, its exceptions.
This is just one headline in the week's news, stay tuned for the rest, starting right now
on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the Internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 819 for this May 10th, 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm all alone here in the studio, although we would usually all
be here in the same room taping.
As you know, there's a lot of things going on in the world right now that are preventing
that.
A big thanks to the Magic of Discord.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
Good, good.
Did you do anything special for Mother's Day for like your wife or your own mom or anything
like that?
I bought her a cake yesterday and then I cooked dinner today.
Oh, well, there you go.
That's very good of you.
I think I saw the picture on Facebook.
Was that today or yesterday?
It was today.
Oh, that looked good.
It was like you did like fried chicken or something, but in the air fryer, right?
Yeah, it's air fryer, honey butter wings.
Oh, you're infamous honey butter, right?
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
Awesome.
I'll come back and talk more about food with you in just a minute.
Not joining us tonight, unfortunately, Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
I do want to quickly let you guys know what's going on.
So last week's show got a little bit weird because Jamie had to leave partway through
the show.
What happened, guys, is that Dark Sakura got word halfway, or not even halfway, probably
like a quarter pounder of the way into the show last week, Dark Sakura got a phone call
that her dad had been admitted into the hospital and was in the emergency area being tested
and so forth.
Unfortunately, I don't have great news to report.
Her father passed away this week and so as you can imagine, she's taking some time off
tonight to handle things and decompress with everything going on.
So obviously we're sending our best wishes and so forth to Dark Sakura.
It's definitely not an easy thing to be going through, especially with everything else that's
going on in the world.
So yeah, I did get her permission to tell you all that, that that had happened.
I think it would be okay for me to as well tell you it was not COVID related because
I think that's good.
I think just in this day and age, that is going to be a curiosity that happens, although
that was a scare.
Anytime you're in the hospital and you're showing certain symptoms, that is something
that they're looking at, but I felt it appropriate to say it's not that, but I will let Dark
Sakura give more details.
If she wants to, which she's under no obligation to do, when she returns to the show, be it
next week, the week after, however much time she needs.
So I know it's a tremendously difficult thing to go through with losing a parent.
So yeah, I'm just thinking of her and I'm sure we all are in chat and so forth right
now.
So yeah, I just wanted to let you know why last week's show got a little weird there
in the middle and why Jamie's not here tonight and we'll come back whenever she pleases.
So moving on, because we do try to do this show to take our minds off of all the craziness
going on in the real world, be it personal tragedy or the tragedy that is seemingly surrounding
us in the globe every day with what's going on in the world.
I know a lot of us run to our Animal Crossing towns to escape what's going on.
I don't blame you.
I'm very similar in this day and age.
So with that being said, let's use video games as an escape for a little bit.
Let's talk about some big gaming news and some things to look forward to amongst all
this this year, starting with our kickoff tonight, talking about the Xbox Series X event.
So Loki, last week on the show, we set some, I guess, not so great expectations for the
event.
Yeah.
So, well, you know, and why the summer of gaming is stretched out for four months because
they're stretching out the news for four months.
Well, here's the thing, too.
And I don't know if it was said before we had taped last week or after that it was going
to be all third party.
Sorry, we missed the memo and didn't get to relay that during the show.
So, you know, if that was before the show, then our bad.
We missed it.
There's a lot of information about the event going around.
And so but I do think we'd also said, you know, set your expectations at a reasonable
level.
It's May.
So like, you know, I'm going to be completely honest.
I kind of clicked through the event because I forgot it was at 8 a.m.
Usually these types of things are at like noon my time because being on the West Coast,
I can usually, you know, I don't have to worry about like sleeping right through it or something.
So I was distracted with day job work stuff and I had no idea, none, that it had even
happened until it was already over.
So I kind of ended up going like clicking through it.
And that that was the point.
I kind of heard, well, it was kind of just a bunch of third party trailers.
Did you watch it, Loki?
Was that what you walked away with?
I did watch it.
And there was some interesting things there.
But like the I mean, they came out first.
They said, OK, you know, we've heard the Internet, you guys giving us a hard time about gameplay
trailers.
Well, we tell we're telling you now they're gameplay trailers.
And then they show what your trailers are gameplay.
So it's like, guys, what are you doing?
So they had some interesting things.
I mean, I really enjoyed like some of the trailers they had for what was it?
That one medium that looked pretty awesome.
The game, the medium, which basically looked like a spiritual successor to Silent Hill
by the folks that I was like, is that even the one that the kiriyama is like actually
involved with?
Yes, he is.
Silent Hill, like I hear a kiriyama is the silent hill.
So that one is by the makers of the Blair Witch and the Observer.
So Blair Witch is pretty good.
And then there was Scorn, which I have no idea what that was.
Some horror game looks like, you know, was H.R.
Geiger or something like that.
And that looked kind of weird.
Maybe that's chorus.
I don't know.
There's a lot of these games that were kind of similar overall.
I thought it was pretty good.
Didn't really care so much about Madden stuff, but whatever.
And then, of course, Assassin's Creed, I was really hoping to see some actual gameplay,
but of course not.
I don't know the new Yakuza game.
I guess I got to get into the Yakuza series because it looked pretty awesome.
Like a dragon.
Yeah.
And just quickly about the gameplay, because that seemed to be the recurring theme from
a lot of people.
And you kind of hit on that, you know, with what you said earlier, that most people were
hoping like this is going to be the chance to see some gameplay.
And it really like wasn't gameplay like, OK, sure.
There might have been like three seconds of gameplay in engine footage, whatever.
OK, like.
Yeah.
Right.
And it was really it was funny because Bobby went into this on his show tonight because
I haven't given this line out yet during the show.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the
voice of Geeks Network, Twitch dot excuse me, have the hiccups, twitch dot TV slash
Vogue Network at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black
Wolf show.
And Bobby on his show tonight was talking about this.
And I thought it was funny because he kind of went through some of the footage and he
actually like blew up the little disclaimer that was at the bottom of the screen that
kind of talks about how, you know, it's very typical, you know, what you see in trailers.
Like, you know, the game footage is not final.
It's, you know, all, you know, prior what they expect it to look like and all this stuff.
So it's it was kind of rendered preview things.
It just didn't look like people were actually playing these games.
You know, it just looked like, oh, they're they're either rendering these cinematics
and in engine or there's a lot of shooty shooty bang bang.
But it's very scripted and reacting a lot faster than a person actually playing it would
be doing and so forth.
But, you know, considering that the line is getting more and more blurred and there was
an interesting take.
I was reading online about this, about how, you know, part of the reason why maybe we're
not feeling it so much with, you know, what we saw this week is that, you know, when the
graphics went up from Nintendo to Super Nintendo, huge jump when they went up from Super Nintendo
to the Nintendo 64 and PlayStation era, the first 3D era.
That was huge.
It was a huge jump in graphics, right?
Like, oh, my God, 3D, right?
And then going from the PlayStation one of the PlayStation two, that was a huge upgrade,
you know, DVD and all the extra stuff that could be stored with that PlayStation two
to PlayStation three.
That was a pretty big jump, three to four, a minor jump, not as big of a jump, but still
a noticeable jump.
Right.
You know, more HD stuff and more is 60 frames a second and things like that.
OK, so you notice every now they're going from four to five.
It's almost like we're pushing the limits of what our eyes can actually see, that it's
just like that graphical improvement isn't there.
So it's almost like we need to know what are the other bells and whistles.
Because the graphics aren't doing it anymore.
And I think that's why this particular reveal event was a struggle, because it's harder
to ooh and aah at the graphics.
I mean, yes, it looks good.
I thought it was, yeah, the graphics were fine, but like there's I just wanted to see
more like gameplay, like what these games are, because there's some like I don't even
know what what this game is like.
It's hard for me to understand what exactly it is that I'm going to be playing, whereas
like some of them, like the Yakuza stuff, at least that I have a pretty good idea.
And I know that like, OK, those cutscenes are actually in game and stuff.
But like, I don't know.
And just the fact that, you know, OK, I don't think this was a bomb or, you know, horrible.
Like it was not like the Xbox one reveal.
OK, that was a disaster.
This was this wasn't a disaster.
This was just kind of like, OK, or maybe or like maybe an overall meh, but with a couple
minutes of oh, neat.
For example, the Xbox is getting a new Yakuza game.
Oh, neat.
You know, that was OK.
So that's kind of neat, you know, or oh, the Silent Hill folks are working on a new game
for Xbox.
Oh, OK, neat.
You know, but we just didn't really get to see the gameplay, but at least it did have
those few moments of, oh, neat, right?
But I think when the first party reveal happens and we start to do the real deep dive into
this new Xbox Series X, I think that's when it's going to have to be a little more than
just, oh, neat.
It's going to have to be, oh, I want that.
I'm going to preorder that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, there's some games, you know, that were like, oh, that's pretty cool.
So far, like then, of course, they said, OK, well, we're going to have another event later
on in July.
And it's like, fine, I guess, just wait for all that stuff in July.
I'm trying to find some comments from our chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
Bonds 006 says HDR 2 and 4K, bleeding edge graphics is OK, but gameplay is better.
Something else to consider with 4K, too, is just how many games are we actually going
to see with it?
Because 4K is going to be a beast for those artists to make those types of textures.
Like there's there's a limit.
I think that that's pretty typical nowadays in the PC space.
So I think everyone's kind of used to it already.
And one of the things I did like, though, was they were talking about that smart delivery.
So that's that thing where if you buy, say, you know, Census Creed Valhalla on Xbox One,
you also get the free upgrade to the Series X.
And vice versa.
Honestly, that's exciting.
And I think it's one of those things where now like backwards compatibility becomes almost
more important when trying to sell your new console.
And I think that's why Sony is much more on board with it this time.
And, you know, Microsoft's definitely making it a piece of what they're saying, too.
But there's also a lot of people out there that are like, I don't think I really need
an Xbox Series X because I'm going to play all these games on PC.
Is that really a loss for Microsoft?
I don't think so.
I don't know if all these games will be on PC.
I mean, a lot of them will be, but well, it's hard to everything is going to be the third
party stuff.
It's hard to say.
Fair.
But we know the first party Microsoft stuff all will be like they've said that as much
like Halo is going to be on PC.
They're all going to be on PC.
So you know, I think it just depends on what the specs are to get in the run the way that
they do, because like, I mean, I have a pretty new laptop, so I'm hoping that that stuff
should run really well.
But I mean, eventually at some point it's not.
So I need to see what I need to have it run at the speed that they know it should run
or whatever.
Just.
But yeah, I mean, that that was the thing is like, well, I don't know if I really need
to necessarily buy an Xbox because I can just have a PC.
I don't know.
Maybe the games pass and stuff, you know, the ad.
I mean, that's just that's going to be a big part of it as well.
So you're going to have three generations of systems where they have games for it.
I do think I do think games pass is great.
And I've said that on the show before.
I think the one place the game pass could improve is that they do have such a robust
library of Xbox 360 and original Xbox games that could be on that service, but for whatever
reason aren't and especially first party Microsoft titles, you know, so maybe they're just drip
feeding it.
Maybe we'll see more.
I don't know.
But, you know, Xbox game pass, I think I'm a big fan of that.
And to see what how that's going to impact, you know, the next generation of Xbox, I want
to get some more comments from chat.
Bonds 006 says graphic porn does not make up for a lackluster game design, bland gameplay,
shoddy AI.
And yeah, this this trailer binge that we got, we couldn't really see any of that other
stuff.
Not that, you know, events are really going to clue you in if the game has shoddy AI or
not.
But still, I think a lot of us like to see the gameplay to see what's it really going
to look like when we get our hands on it.
Fifth Dream Today says the fast loading, the smaller download sizes, the 3D sound chip.
I'm already sold.
So very true.
Let's see.
Johnny Woofay talking about ray tracing.
New killer instinct with ray tracing would be amazing.
So yeah, ray tracing, obviously a big part of the next generation of gaming.
And I know my current PC, my current video card can't really handle it.
So, you know, that may be something I'll have to go to.
Either I got to improve my video card or I'll have to go to an Xbox Series X to experience
that.
We'll see what happens.
You know, something else this event kind of made me think of, you know,
again, guys, it's May, you know, and usually this type of binge doesn't start till June.
And with everything going on in the world, I don't think many of us would be surprised
if it's delayed a little bit past early June.
The E3, I'm using my quoting fingers, time frame that we would usually see these events
in.
But, you know, let's imagine, as I'm sure many of you have been doing these past few
months, let's imagine COVID, Corona had never happened.
Let's imagine this whole pandemic never happened.
I know, it's hard to do.
And then we had E3 like usual.
I think you would see Microsoft coming out on stage and, you know, talking about their
new system.
They're only going to have an hour and a half or two hours and they've got to fit in, you
know, their system and all the reasons why you should upgrade to the new system as well
as announcing their own games and games you should be looking forward to.
I think a lot of this stuff we saw in the inside Xbox would have been relegated to that
third party sizzle wheel, right?
Y'all know what I'm talking about, right?
Yeah, the sizzle reel.
I mean, a lot of them like see a lot of the games are like, oh, is this this?
Because I thought it was something else.
Like, for example, Vampire the Masquerade originally when they were showing that I was
like, oh, is this Bioshock in a new Bioshock?
And it's like, oh, no, it's Vampire, which is fine.
I mean, I guess that game is pretty good.
And that's not to say they won't show third party games still at the big event, whatever,
you know, the virtual event they end up doing.
That's not to say they won't, like, if there is a new Bioshock, that's not to say they
won't show that.
But I think these particular games that got shown were probably the things that would
have been relegated to the sizzle reel.
And now it's a little bit of a win-win situation when that they get that time back that would
have gone to the sizzle reel, right?
So we can see something else at the show.
And B, you didn't just get a sizzle reel.
You got much more content from these third parties and you got, you know, to see more
of, you know, these games for better or for worse with the rendered trailers and so forth.
So I just I think this was the supersized sizzle trailer.
I just think that they should be really careful with what they're calling gameplay.
Like if it's in engine footage or something like that, that's fine, because especially
Ubisoft, I mean, we're talking about not just a few years ago, we had the whole debacle
over Watch Dogs where they showed stuff that ended up being, you know, downgraded when
the full retail version came out or Aliens Colonial Marines, you know, remember that
whole thing where none of the footage even resembled the final game when it came out.
So it's it's we need to be very careful with that.
A lot of people in chat and I know it came up on Bobby show as well, not to rehash things
too much, but the Killzone PS3 debacle and how the target rendered footage that they
showed at the event didn't even match what ended up happening.
That's been talked about quite a bit tonight.
And I get it. It's still early, but don't don't one, call it a gameplay trailer and
two, don't have another like a brief moment before all the trailers say, hey, we get it,
you guys, you know, you come down on us when we call this stuff gameplay and it's not.
But we promise you it's gameplay like don't have that before all of this.
If it's not going to be that like, I don't understand why you set yourself up even more.
Yeah, that was a weird, weird setup.
I mean, I don't know. It's just it's weird. Like without the UI and stuff on there,
it's just it doesn't look right. And I get it like there's like cut scenes and stuff like that.
They're rendered in game, but. I don't know if it's all cut scenes is kind of ridiculous.
OK, this comment is too good. I have to read it. This is about you and that vampire trailer.
Bobby Black Wolf says, Q up the is this anime butterfly meme?
Loki is the anime boy. Vampire is the butterfly. Is this Bioshock?
It's good. It's like it's like when he had like the guy like stringing up the people
in the house and stuff like that, I was like, oh, OK, that kind of looks like a splicer or
something like that. You've all done it. We've all done it. I'm I'm I'm positive because, you know,
if you if you can go back to last year's E3, if you happen to be a subscriber of Vogue Network
here at Twitch, Wink, Wink, Nudge, Nudge, you can go back into the video footage and look at
everything. And I don't I don't remember if Bobby and I were commentating on like a Microsoft event
or it was the Square event. But I know that there was like a trailer that came up and I'm like,
oh, this looks like such and such. And it totally wasn't.
You know, and that or and then I was like, thought that was a Forza Horizon game. I'm like,
I mean, it's heavily inspired by it. You know, it looks it. I don't know.
You know, and look, look, I can openly admit it because you all do it with video games, too.
And it happens with movie trailers. So it's not it's not just games where this happens.
You've totally seen movie trailers and a person will show up and you'll be like,
is this the trailer for a new Marvel thing? Oh, no, it's not.
It's it's a rip off or something like that. Or is this the new Pixar movie? Oh, no, no,
it's not Pixar. It's something like that. Is this the new Iron Man? Oh, that's Dr. Doolittle.
Exactly. You've all done it in the movie theater. Come on. So, yeah. But anyway, I again,
the event wasn't bad. It just was kind of like, oh, that wasn't really gameplay. All right.
So we're really looking forward to your I guess now July event instead. So now it'll be just
what's interesting to see through all this, of course, is how is Sony going to play this?
Because we still don't know. Does Sony plan to do something in June when E3 would have been?
Is Sony going to wait for July? Because as we've talked about on the show before,
Microsoft pulled out the switch two months before it released. So hypothetically, if consoles aren't
releasing until November, we may not hear anything until September. Nintendo pulled out the switch.
They did. They said Microsoft. Oh, God. All right. Sorry. It's been a long, long seven weeks.
So, yes, Nintendo pulled out the switch. Sorry. With only like two months to go,
because it was like early January. And granted, the holidays come into that and everything.
But still, and the switch sold like cuckoo bananas because they had all the right games for it and
the right things to say. So you don't need five or six months of lead time. Unless maybe you're
trying to collect all those preorders. I don't know. But Nintendo kind of changed the games in
many ways with the switch's launch. You don't have to launch a console for the holidays. You
don't have to launch a console with six months lead time and you can still be successful. So
we'll see. Anyway, I'm still excited for Xbox Series X. I'm sure the July event is going to
be great. I'm excited for Sony's event as well. And I'm excited for Nintendo to announce what
their plan looks like for the rest of the year. I just really like games. So I just...
You ever go on Twitter and look like... And I'm telling you, actually, don't do this.
But have you ever made the mistake of going on Twitter and looking at an Xbox tweet and looking
at the reply and it's all Sony fanboys saying really mean things? Or you go to a Sony tweet
and you look at all the replies and it's Microsoft fanboys saying very mean things. I'm so tired.
Y'all, it's 2020 and I'm tired. Like, just stop. Stop fighting.
We don't have sports teams to root for right now, so we have to root for the console wars.
It's so disturbing. And I know, Rob, don't read the comments. You're right. I should know better.
I can't help it. Sometimes you click and... God, I saw it. So anyway. Yeah. And then Bobby says,
and you go to a Nintendo tweet and it's all Nintendo fanboys saying mean things.
Where is our direct, et cetera? Yeah, no. Tea. It's true. Nintendo kind of fights themselves,
don't they? It's been 26 days since a Nintendo Direct. I'm dying.
Orange right in chat says, have you ever made the mistake of going on Twitter?
You know, there's a lot of good and bad on Twitter. I've had a pretty darn good experience
on Twitter. I've met a lot of great people on Twitter. I heavily curate my Twitter experience
and I heavily choose who I follow. I have two different layers of followers. I do. Yes,
I follow like 1600 people on Twitter. I do. Not nearly that many of them are active. I've also
been on Twitter for 10 years and there's a lot of accounts that ain't tweeting anymore. Sure.
Here's the thing. I'm going to tell you my steps to how to stay on top of a 1600 follower list.
Number one, the minute I follow you, I disable your retweets. Number one,
that's just been a policy. Like I'm not interested in retweets.
I'm interested. Yeah, we can do that. Oh yeah. You go follow and you click on the dots on a
person's profile and you can disable their retweets. And if I see any retweets come in
my timeline where it's like, I forgot, because sometimes if somebody has a protected account,
you can't do that right away. So if I see a retweet come in my timeline,
especially if it's something I really don't care about, I go to your profile and I hide retweets.
No, retweets I'm fine with. That's right. It's the likes that I want to stop getting in my team.
Yeah, those don't... Well, when you follow as many people as I do...
Everybody be thirsty out there and like... It's true. Don't go to the curated timeline
because you see a lot more of it there. You have to go to the actual chronological timeline.
And then the other Twitter trick is, well, quote tweets you can't really do anything about. And
that's the one that's starting to become a pain. But a lot of times the things people say are
funny, so okay. But the other very, very important thing is lists. And that's the other thing.
So I have an invisible list and you don't know if you're on it or not of about 40-ish people.
And that's the one I actually read with regularity and kind of stay current on.
And then it's like one of those, if I'm bored or I'm not doing anything right now,
I'm doing that whole lying in bed and I really shouldn't be on my phone, but I am.
Then I scroll through the big timeline and read all the 1600 thing crap. And then if you're
tweeting a bunch of bullshit, I don't want to see, I just mute you. Sorry. But especially...
Oh my God, the automated stuff. That's a mute. I feel like Grandpa Simpson. That's a paddling.
Every sponsored tweet I see, I blocked the account.
You have a robot that says how many people followed you today. That's a mute. You tweet
too damn much about politics. That's a mute. You just, the automated tweets are the things that
really bother me. That's a mutant. So that's how I see it. That's a mutant. And that's how I stay
on top of things. Bobby Blackwell says Rob mutes VOG network confirmed. No, I don't mute our own
stuff. And here's the thing with that. At least it's like, and I actually don't mute the people
that say I'm going live on Twitch and all that. I don't mute that. That's not what I'm talking
about. I'm talking about the one that says I have five new followers today and three people
unfollowed me. Thank you so much to dah, dah, dah for whatever website for the stats or thanks
at so-and-so for the follow. Thanks at so-and-so like they have a robot thing that tweets every
time somebody follows them. That's a mutant. But if somebody, like I follow a lot of other
Twitch streamers, let's be real. And if they tweet, hi, I'm going live on Twitch and I'm
going to be playing something such and such tonight. Like our, like our pal, Jeff.
I follow him. I don't, I don't mute him. He tweets a lot of funny shit too. And I actually really
enjoy his clips from Twitch. So I don't mute that, you know? So I don't, no, I do not mute VOG
network, but I do mute, especially when like you have no other content. Anyway, one other
Twitter trick, I know you're getting burned out on this, but now I'm on a roll. I don't follow
everyone back automatically. Most people I do, but here's my trick because there's so many robots
out there on Twitter nowadays. I assess your account in five minutes or five seconds to try
to figure out if you're a real person or not. And here's my criteria. I go to your page and I click
on your media tab. If I see, and I scroll for three seconds. If I see a selfie of you, I know
you're a real person and I'll follow you back or some other type of picture that obviously came
from a cell phone camera. I follow back. If I see a lot of interaction with accounts and gifts,
then I kind of try to feel out, okay, is this content that I'm going to like? Then I'll probably
follow back. If it's empty, there's nothing there in your media tab, I don't follow back
because that is almost a sure sign of a bot account. So that's, anyway, I'm not perfect
a hundred percent of the time. So please don't walk away from this. If you followed me on Twitter
and I never followed you back with a tear, why won't Rob Roberts follow me on Twitter?
It's not a perfect system and Twitter doesn't always alert me when people follow me. So I
miss it sometimes. But anytime somebody asks me or responds to something or likes something
and I'm not following them, I usually go and I see they're following me. I'm like,
why am I not following this person? And so just like one of my tweets and I'll usually catch it.
So anyway, a Tiger Clawed Chat says, good thing Rob at least follows members of the community
because we post good content. Yes, I follow people. Quest Buster says, these Twitter tips
are gold. You're welcome, I guess. I've been on Twitter a long, long time and I've just kind of
picked up that stuff. Tiger Clawed says, I think Travis Donovan's Twitter does that sometimes.
There's certain people I will let slide and Grandpa Donovan is one of them. Don't tell him.
But even if he uses a robot, I don't have it in my heart to unfollow him. Yeah, Bonds006 says,
or too much about 5G, new ways to make money and why you're an expert on blah blah or slimming
teas, promotion, Herbalife. Oh yeah, all that shit in your bio especially. Like if it's like,
follow my Twitch channel. That's in my bio. I'm not going to disqualify somebody for having that.
But if it's kind of like, make more followers, I'll tell you, that's a mutant. All right, anyway,
there are Twitter tips with me that you didn't ask for that I went off for 10 minutes about. Sorry,
Logie, do you have any hot Twitter tips? No, I apparently need to start doing more things.
I don't know. Really, the only thing I do nowadays is I just use the like button to
bookmark stuff they go back to later on. That's fair. Usually like, I follow a lot of developers
and they post like tutorials on how to do different things. Like, oh, hey, that's interesting.
I want to do that. That's interesting. So I'll put it so I can, it pulls up in my likes feed.
You know what, though? Like, here's the thing, Logie, is that like, you are so right, though,
about the likes and that there's some very thirsty people on Twitter and the type of stuff that goes
in the feed. And it actually makes me self conscious about the types of things that I like
on Twitter. Because I don't want y'all knowing like, that I that I like some of those thirst
stress. I like some of those thoughts. Okay. And I had I had to like, block those people
that were appearing to my feed, not necessarily people that are liking those things. I like I like
it's like, you just don't want to block a certain type of account. You don't want somebody's,
you know, like ass pic showing up in your feed. I understand. Exactly. Because trust me, I follow
some very good looking people. And I wish I could like more of your tweets. Please don't take it as
a it's just I, I don't want to show the world. What a pervert I am. Okay, so that's why I don't
like as many. But once in a while, I can't help it. And I still like a few or it's like, it's a
nice selfie. And it's not. It's not actually like thirst content. I like the G rated stuff. That's
fine. So anyway, bonds 006 says thank you, Rob. I do not tell Facebook or Instagram my likes and
such music food places I've lived school, etc. Oh, for sure. Um, like all that stuff. When you
check in at locations, you're just opening yourself to getting ads for similar things.
For sure. Absolutely. And like, I don't I don't know what it is. Loki, do you get this problem
on on Facebook? Every other ad I see on Facebook is some new startup men's underwear company
of some sort. And I'm like, Hey, listen to you. I swear to God I do because we'll say things
that like all of a sudden they'll start, you know, showing that I haven't searched any of this.
Not a topic I often talk about out loud or anything like that. I'm like, did it? Did I
did it track an Amazon purchase I made before I went on that cruise or something? Like,
why am I seeing it could have nothing once like that. I like view like there was an ad I saw for
this. I don't even know. It looks like this wearable subwoofer thing or something that
they're talking about, like for immersion for like VR or something like that. And I watched the ad
and I'm like, man, that looks stupid. And now almost like every time I watch a video on my phone,
it's that same ad over and over and over. I'm like, dude, I don't want to look at this. I'm
not interested in it. I looked at the ad and it's like, whatever. Or I'll get recommendations all
the time. Like if, you know, I buy something that they're like, hey, do you want that again? Hey,
do you want this thing that's exactly the same thing that you did? Like, it's like,
I don't need another laptop. I don't need a tablet. I don't need this pixel. You're just
advertising wrong. Pixel pockets. And Chad is asking underwear startups. I meaning like
companies you've never heard of. Like everybody knows like Calvin Klein or Fruit of the Loom or
things like that. Everybody knows that these are companies like that. I never heard of except on
Facebook ads. Uh, and SSJ, Matt and 100. Matt says, I will say redacted because I'm not given
a free exposure, um, are fantastic. Well, thank you as to show on her map by typing that name
and chat where now I'll damn to see their ads for the next year. I'm just, I'm just giving you
our time, but I think that's kind of like how they pick it up. That stuff and pixel pockets
just said the same thing. Y'all are giving free ads. Now, tiger claw, uh, says I see stuff like
that all the time and I can deal with it. It's nothing for me to get mad about. I just let it
fly because I'm good at concentrating on what I want to see. You're right. Like it doesn't
bother me. I'm just, I'm more the type where I'm like, what did I do to generate this algorithm?
That's what I want to know. Like, is it just, is it just showing it to me? Cause I'm a gay man.
Cause that's, that's my primary theory, but I guess, I guess not cause that's what you want
under Matt. I know is not, and is seeing those ads too. So maybe a lot of these companies advertise
on podcasts and stuff too. So I think they just, they just go everywhere. I'm sure. So
anyway, all right. Enough tangents. I'm sorry. Dark soccer is not here tonight to keep me in
line. All right. Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks. Take it back to video games. Loki,
how was your game week? So I play a few things this week. I went ahead and played through
earth defense force, iron rain. So I finished the campaign on that, which unlocked like
nightmare mode and I'm like, no, no, I'm not going to play that because then I had to play the whole
thing again. And the last mission like took like 30 minutes just to kill the stupid boss. And
no, that's it. We got through the story and it was okay. So yeah, so I finished that game.
Guts and glory, that game. That's kind of like happy wheels. So I finished that as well
and played through all the tracks on that and didn't really feel interested enough to play
the user made tracks because those looked like hot garbage. And so I'm just not going to do that.
Um, I played a bit of a step mania today. Uh, and that was pretty fun. Hey, quick side note. Sorry.
I'm a tangent. But since you brought up step mania, that makes me think of step maniacs,
right? The Kyle, the Kyle ward and his company, the dance game. Have you been kind of keeping
track on like, um, like their monthly releases? Like they keep injecting new songs every month
into the game. Have you seen that? It's pretty cool. My Twitter feed. Yeah, I saw that a lot.
I've only played the game once the past couple months. It's been like half songs that many of
us knew through dance, dance revolution. Like, um, yeah, things like, uh, and I'm sorry, things like,
and I'm sorry, cause I don't, I don't have the list in front of me, but I think I saw like bumblebee
by papaya was in there. Uh, walk a lock. I want to say it was in one of them. Uh, and it's,
it's songs that you, you probably found through DDR first are now in this game. And it's interesting
cause they're mixing. It's not just those games. It's like, you'll see one of those songs. You'll
see, Oh, a new song from that maybe you hadn't heard before. And then another one. And then
another one that kind of sounds like that Euro DDR sound, but it's not an actual song that was
in the game before, but it's like from that same family. So it's an interesting mix. I'm sorry. I
just, I wanted to give that a shout out and acknowledgement. Cause I thought it was like,
that's kind of neat that they're supporting it every month. And it's kind of like a little
mix of old and new. That's pretty interesting. Yeah. It was, it was like I said, I played it
one time when we went to check out, there was a, a bowling alley in Rockland that has a pretty
decent size arcade with all these different music games in there. They have that game.
They do have that game. I want to go check it out, except everything's closed. Yeah. Unfortunately.
So, um, uh, I could not, my brain could not handle, uh, doing DDR with a center, um,
a center arrow or centers, uh, step place. Uh, I can do pump it up. Okay. But DDR, just my brain's
not wired to do that. You have to tune down the difficulty to allow yourself to get accustomed to
it. Like you just, you're not going to be able to jump right in and do an expert level song
until you get accustomed to it. They want you to play it a little bit like pump to where you have
to hit like, like three steps at a time, which you can do by like putting your foot in between them.
Um, and so I'm just not really accustomed to that, which is why it was hard for me to do it.
And I couldn't find out how to turn it off and options, or at least I didn't, couldn't figure
out how to get to options, maybe. Yeah. Plus a lot of the hardest level songs are designed for
people to hold the bar and do the foot flying thing, which is not, you know, and I'm not here
to start that debate. Okay. I'm not here to start the debate, but all I'm going to say is in my time
playing DDR, that was something we really just never did. Like, and I, I, again, I'm not trying
to start a war here. Okay. I respect everybody's opinion. I'm too old to dance anymore period.
So I don't have an opinion on this topic anymore, but, um, because of that, like, I, I cannot get
used to trying to hold the bar to do these harder songs. Like it's just, it's really awkward. Yeah.
And you know, getting older doesn't help. So, yeah. So yeah, it's really awkward. I've tried
doing that before, like on max 300 or something like that. And I just, I can't do it that way.
It doesn't, I can't play that way or like seeing people play doubles and stuff like that. I,
I just can't do it. My fear long enough, I guess. Um, and then the last thing I think I played,
Oh, uh, Orna played more Orna. Um, so like up to one 70, I'm still trying to grind through stuff
there. And let's see what else. Um, I did play this one game called one dreamer, uh, prologue.
So it's, they put out a kind of a little demo taste of the game. And so one dreamer is this
like pixel art point and click game, uh, where you hack things. So it takes place in this like
virtual VR world or whatever. And you have to kind of pack stuff to progress through the game,
which is pretty cool. So there's like, almost like coding, but it's not exactly coding or
anything. It's just kind of replacing values. And it's about this, these two kids that are,
um, inspired by one, like this developer of this big, massive VR game, almost like kind of like,
uh, the whole Oasis stuff and, uh, ready player one. So they're inspired by him to,
uh, create their own game. And then it's, there's some story along with the developer on why he
quit and got burnt out and like some other stuff. So it's, it kind of hints at some things,
but it's a beautiful game. Like really worth checking out. The prologue is free on steam to
play the, the full game is not out yet, but yeah, go check it out. One dream or prologue, um, is the
game you want to look for. And it's just great. It's, it's very short, probably about, you know,
an hour, but it's definitely worth playing. All right. That it, that it. All right. Then
let me talk about my gaming week. Um, so since Jamie's not here, I will talk about animal
crossing, which I am still playing. Uh, got my turnips today. Um, and, uh, all that good stuff,
but the big development in animal crossing world is Alan got his switch on. He got it a little
early. He was supposed to get it on Saturday, but I think Best Buy had it on like Thursday.
So he got his coral switch light. And so he just started playing animal crossing. And so maybe it
was Friday because he's, he hasn't even unlocked. His museum is under construction today. So I think
that's like day three. I don't know. I lost count, but anyway, he is starting animal crossing. So
it's all, it's kind of interesting because Bobby on his show tonight talked about, he kind of like
has hit a wall with animal crossing a little bit for me. I think I was getting close to that wall,
but now that Alan has just started animal crossing, it's almost like, Oh, I feel
reinvigorated because I want to help Alan and I want to see his town grow and all this stuff.
But what's really funny about it is that because Alan is like the new kid on the block with his
new switch. And, um, you know, we, we have several friends, including like Jamie, including,
you know, some of our gaming friends in Chicago and other people on Twitter and stuff.
Everybody wants to help Alan. So like the first day he opened his Island, everybody was taking
their duplicate patterns, their hybrid, hybrid flowers, their extra furniture. And like Alan
is at a point where he looks like a hoarder's house because there is just furniture strewn
all over the lawn and DIY patterns surrounding the store because he can't, he doesn't have the
storage for everything. Cause he can't upgrade his house fast enough to get the storage.
Yeah. I, I need to play that game. I, so I would technically be loud than you kill. I'm not even
on the block yet. So I would need to play that. So just giving up on it. Just be careful. Tiger
class said he should post the friend court on the discord. It is on his social media.
If you know his Twitter account, which isn't too hard to find, he did post it on there for what
it's worth. Um, yeah, I need to add him. I haven't got a chance to actually get possession of my
switch to be able to do that. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. So, uh, yeah, that's just kind of
the funny thing I've kind of been watching him go through is that everybody is just dumping their
shit on his lawn and everybody's trying to be helpful. Like nobody's doing anything wrong,
but it's just funny. It's almost like, I feel like he's almost overwhelmed with having to sort
through everything because now he has these random patches of, well, I have some orange flowers over
there that are just all kind of mixed together. I have some purple and pink ones over there that
are just kind of all mixed together. And I have three villagers on my Island. He hasn't even
picked all his weeds yet. He's like, I kind of liked the way the weeds look and I'm like, no,
you need to get rid of them or you're never going to get a three star rating. So it's, but it's,
it's kind of been fun and reinvigorating to experience the game from day one all over again
through him. And like, you know, like Alan doesn't usually get into console gaming.
So the fact that he bought a switch and he's playing animal crossing is kind of a big deal.
Like he's like exclusively been PC gaming a long time. Like I can't even think of the last time,
like I watched him sit down and play a console game. So this is kind of a big deal. And of
course now I showed him more art, you know, cause even though some things I own digitally,
so he can't play them like super Mario maker too. Like I can't like loan that to him.
Some things I have on cartridge that he has expressed interest. He wants to get into like
Zelda breath of the wild. So it, it will be kind of fun to revisit a lot of those games for the
first time through him. That'll be pretty cool. So, all right. Bonds 006 says a lot of my Facebook
friends are begging others to come to their Island. I like reading their pitches to get visitors
without getting too deep into the psychology of it all. I think a lot of that is the time and age
that we live in with all of this. My hands floating around here, going on in the world
is that you can't really go out and visit people in person. So animal crossing is kind of the way
for some people to kind of get that contact with other people. So I think that's why you have a
lot of people that are really open to like, please come visit my village, even though I don't have
anything that exciting going on today. Water my flowers, you know, or something. And I'm happy to
go to other people's town and water their flowers. You never know what's in nooks and
I usually will keep a stash of oranges from my town or my islands, especially on me and go sell
them in other people's towns. So it's kind of like a point for me to go there. So yeah. It's,
it's, it's an interesting side effect of everything that's going on in the world.
Anyway, it wasn't all animal crossing, but I wanted to update you on Alan getting his switch
this week. Some other games I've been playing. So I got sucked into another sale on the PlayStation
store. They had a big in Japan sale. So there was a couple games I got on discount. One of them is
Taiko no Tatujin on PlayStation 4. I think it's called, maybe somebody in chat can correct me.
I think it's Taiko no Tatujin Drum Master is the subtitle of it, but it's like, it's the PlayStation
4 release of Taiko no Tatujin. So speaking of music games, you know, this is one that goes
way back, right? Like Taiko no Tatujin, when was the first round of those games? Probably in the
PS2 era. And if you don't know, like there's a, there's a tiny little drum or in the arcade,
it's a big drum and you can kind of, you either hit it in the middle, the left or the right side
on the red notches, or you hit it on the rim with the blue notches on the left or the right side.
And I was always kind of like, I don't know how that's really going to translate well to controller,
but since it was on sale for like 14 bucks, I was like, eh, screw it. I'll pick it up.
And so I did, and it's kind of fun to play on controller. They did it in a way where
right and down or X and O, I think if I'm remembering my symbols right, are the inside,
the reds. So it's like the inside of the controller is where you hit for the red and then
the outside or the L1, R1 or L2, R2 are the blue ones. And you can hit those for the blue ones.
So it actually, it makes it easy to kind of like do a drum roll, like you would with the sticks.
So it's actually, it's not too terribly laid out. And I've been playing a variety,
it's got a huge song list. No songs you would really know probably unless there are some
classical songs in it. And there's a lot of anime songs in it. I don't follow anime so closely,
but like the theme of Doraemon is in it. And so some of you that follow anime a little better
than I do will probably recognize stuff in it. And there's a lot of J-pop in it. And so I don't know
if these songs are huge or not, cause I haven't really listened to them before, but they were
catchy. There was a song in there called Linda Linda, I thought was really, really catchy.
So, cause like, it's like a rock song. It goes, what? Any Katamari track? No, there's no Katamari
track, but they do have other game soundtrack songs, including it was weird. It's the Pac-Man
song, but when it was in Ridge Racer. So it's the Ridge Racer Pac-Man song. That is one of
the songs in the game. And there's like a Soul Calibur 6 song and things like that. So, yeah.
Oh, Bonds 006 says, what was the ripoff? This or Donkey Kong? I think Donkey Kong was after
Taika. They were about the same time. It was, I think it was after. Was it? Was it technically,
did Namco have input on that game? Was it their version of it? I don't remember. And it's been
so long. I don't remember. Oh, I didn't know that. Jason, our voiceover guy in chat saying Linda
Linda wasn't owned on. I didn't know that. Okay. Thank you, Bobby. Namco made Donkey Kong. Okay.
I figured there had to be some questions. So that's why. So it was, it was one of those.
It's like Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine or the Yoshi's forest or whatever it was.
It's there. It's Puyo Puyo, but with the characters in it. Okay. Let's see. Let's see.
S2100 Matt says Taiko is such a fun arcade experience. I was always hesitant to see if
that would translate to the console versions. And it totally does translate well. Act F says
there's also Taiko no Tatsujin drum and fun on the Switch. Yeah. And I thought, I think it's
fun because they put a lot of things to do in it. They have the little gotcha reward boxes things,
but you don't pay for the boxes. Instead you fill out these little mini bingo cards. So every song
in the game, and there's gotta be at least 50 of them, if not more. And there's a ton of DLC. You
could probably buy like 30 or 40 more songs, but they want like two bucks a song. So I haven't
bought any of them. Um, but every song has a little bingo card that goes with it. And it's
a three by three bingo card. And as you do little certain accomplishments, you fill out the bingo
card. And then when you get a bingo three across or down, it's more like Tic Tac Toes. I don't know
why they call it bingo, but when you get a bingo, you get a little coin and you can use the coins in
the shop to open like loot boxes. But luckily they don't have like, or at least I didn't see it,
a DLC that's like pay $20 and get all these loot boxes. I didn't see that. So I'm okay with the
loot box thing when it's like self-contained like that. And I actually thought the little,
because once you finish a bingo card, spoiler alert, if you get all nine on a bingo card,
you get a special bingo card that's even harder. So it kind of gets some replayability value.
And I thought the online component is kind of neat. You can do ranked matches online,
but you're not playing live against people. You're playing against people's ghosts.
So it has a recording of somebody else playing a song and you're playing against that. And I
thought that was a pretty clever way to do it. So that way there's always somebody online to fight.
Cause you know how, like sometimes in these games, once they've been out a year or two,
nobody's playing them anymore. Well, nice with this thing being on sale, I can still go in and
do ranked matches and you do placement matches and then you're given a certain rank and you,
you know, can level up or you can even go down if you're not beating enough people.
And I'm finding that, you know, I'm winning two out of three. So, so far I haven't played a lot
of them, but it was kind of neat. I liked it. So yeah, I thought, I thought the, let's see,
active says the bingo cards are only obtainable within game currency and you can't buy that with
real money. Good to know. Very good to know. Bobby Blackwell says I have the PS2 Tycho versions.
I have four of the games and the controller. Yeah. So, I mean, yeah, this is the first one
I remember buying in a long time. So, it's a lot of fun and I'm enjoying playing it.
The other game I bought on the PlayStation 4 sale, I'm going to stop for a minute here because this
is very important. I'm about to say a very controversial gaming opinion. That's probably
going to make some of you very upset. So, I'm just going to beg you. Let me have my shitty opinion.
Please don't rage unsubscribe or anything from the show because of my shitty opinion. Okay.
But I'm entitled to my shitty opinion. Here it is. The other game I bought on the file, on the,
the, uh, uh, sale is the Final Fantasy 8 remake because it was $10. And I was like, you know what?
It's high time. You know what? I need to give this game another chance. I always pick on this
Final Fantasy game. It's always like the one I say is the worst because I can't stand the junction
drawing and all that stuff. I, I've never really cared for Final Fantasy 8. Let me give it another
try. And so I started it up. I let it play. I got through the opening sequence and I was like,
this CD video hasn't aged very well, but okay. It's, you know, they didn't have time to go redo
it, whatever. And then the game starts. Loki. I have to be honest, Loki. It looks like garbage.
I'm sorry. It looks so bad. Like, and here's the thing. This is the reason why. Let me justify my
shitty opinion. Okay. Cause I already know some of you are like, Steven, look, look, we all have
our problematic gaming opinions. This is mine. It's that juxtaposition of this really high
definition, really good looking model of like Squall or Kestis and these characters,
but then they didn't do anything to the backgrounds, which have not aged well since
the PlayStation 1 era. They look very like, it looks like you're putting on a pair of bad glasses
and everything's very blurred. And like, here's the thing. When I play the Final Fantasy 7,
not the remake, but the Final Fantasy 7 version that they put on PlayStation 4,
it all looks kind of bad and grainy and you go, Oh, retro experience, but something about
Final Fantasy 8, where it's like HD clashing with like non HD at the same time. Like I could
not get past it. Loki. I could not get past it. I'm sorry. So there it is. One of those games that
would benefit from like that, uh, AI upscaled stuff where they do that on PC or something.
All right. I I'm finally taking a look at trash to see, or sorry, take a look at chat to see if
they're calling me trash. Oh, and let's see. Bobby Black Wolf says, I'm not angry. I'm just
disappointed. DJ Rama S says the redheaded stepchild of the Final Fantasy games. Quest
Buster says, I'm not mad. I'm laughing. You stop playing where you want to Rob.
Bonds006 says, we all have our moment of let me give X title a try. And Repcycled says,
Oh yeah, it wasn't what I expected. Repcycled says the backgrounds are CGI renders. Can't
they just rerender it in high res? Like, I feel like if it was that the original files or
something. Yeah. And if it was that easy, they would have like, you know, was it 12 for one of
them they had, like they found the old, maybe it's even eight or they found the older files
and upscaled at the seven 20. But that may have been eight actually. Now they think of it. So
I'm going to be like brutally honest. I turned the game off before I even got out of the
balam garden. Like I didn't even get into a battle. I was like, I literally just had a,
I was playing it and I'm like, and like I access one of the computer terminals and like my eyes
are hurting. It's so blurry and bad. And I'm like, I, and then I'm like walking through and
I run into selfie and I'm like, okay, let's take her on a little tour. And I just, I hit a point
where I just put the controller on the table and I said, I can't. And I turned it off. I will
now before you final fantasy eight fans, send me your hate tweets and cyber bullying and hate
email. I will try again this week because I owe it at least to get to a battle. Okay.
But so you play on PC because someone did release a pack that they did the AI gigapixel
upscaling to four K and it actually looks pretty good.
Bobby black Wolf and Chad says the original source code was lost or destroyed or both
final fantasy 13. They found the original files and upscaled to seven 20. Yes. And that's the one
I really want to play right now. And I wish game pass would hurry up and add it. So I don't get
tempted into buying that whole trilogy again, but I'm game pass did announce they're adding
final fantasy nine, like within days, like it's the early first half of this month. So it's,
if they didn't add it, like now it's, uh, within the next couple of days,
file fancy nine is getting at it. So that's pretty cool. And there's no HD. So I think
file fancy nine will be a little easier to stomach because you're not going to have the clash going
on of HD on top of not HD. It's all going to be non HD. And I think it will be a little more
palatable. May have to check it out on PC. I wonder if I, I know I have seven,
I think Alan owns it. So I need to do that whole library lending thing. I don't know. Anyway,
there it is. There was my gaming week. Oh boy. I just asked you 100. Matt just clipped. Oh boy,
I'm going to be in so much trouble. Sorry. Again, please don't hate unsubscribe. We love you. We
value, we value all the opinions. I see you final fantasy eight fans. And again, I I'm going to give
you this cookie. I recognize that the story in final fantasy eight is pretty good. And like my
problem has always been with just the game part of the game. Like I hated the drawing junctioning.
I hated that everything leveled up with you that those were all the things that like bothered me
about the game. Uh, originally like it's not the story. So let's just make that clear. All right.
I find people are willing to let it slide a little more when I give that little disclaimer.
All right, let's get into some gaming news and what's been going on in the world this week.
Loki help change the topic. Okay. So, uh, let's talk a little bit about leaks.
So apparently there is this giant Nintendo leak that happened. So
lots of different things leaked out and a lot of it was surrounding the Nintendo Wii. And so
they had stuff like with old Pokemon debug roms and source code, uh, 3ds debug roms, uh,
the keys for all the consoles. Uh, so those are all the encrypted keys to get access to some of
the, um, you know, to be able to sign your own code almost on, uh, everything up through the DSI.
Then of course, full source code design files, documentation, and everything basically used
to create the Wii. So full source code for the operating system, which I thought was weird.
It's actually called iOS. So, um, with that, I mean, this thing is going to be hacked. I mean,
or he has hacked the pieces, but now, I mean, they could do some really crazy stuff with that.
Um, I want to read some, can I read something from the discord? So we have a discord, of course,
and we encourage you to join over at vog network.com slash discord. And sometimes you guys post
stories throughout the week and we use some of those stories in, in planning, or you leave a
comment that sticks in my mind of, Oh, I need to mention that on the show. So we had a comment on
this from 13 forever in chat, um, or excuse me on discord who sent us a tweet. So the first
thing was a tweet that says, uh, and the tweet is from an account Mark and 42 that says people
love to get all excited about leaks of official SDKs or code, but really rarely are they all that
amazing early on in development of homebrew for a console, they can help make things move much
faster, but the expense of legally tainting everything they touch. And then, uh, 13 leaves
the comment delete that leak is overblown and misreported. Yes. So like for example, um, the,
there was, you know, folks were thinking, well with this, you know, you could have better
emulation or whatever, but not necessarily because if you use the exact code or whatever
that's in that for emulation, then they can shut you down because you're basically using pirated
code, but not to say that you couldn't like gleam some information. Like if you're having trouble
with a certain thing or rendering a certain, you know, part of a game or maybe like sound design or
whatever the case may be where you tried and tried and tried with the emulator, but just can't seem
to crack what it is or how it runs or something. You might be able to look at that code and
understand what you're doing wrong, um, without actually using the direct code. Not to say that
there wouldn't be some unscrupulous folks that may be able to like clone the Wii system, or I
don't even know what they could be done with it, but it's still very interesting to see, you know,
some of this data that's come out and some of the cool, uh, like little tech demos and whatnot that
they had put together with that from like the GameCube and everything. And by the way, there's
echoing comments in the chat about what basically what you just said is that, you know, and as, as
much as it sounds like this is really exciting stuff for emulators, uh, it could, it would actually
damage them to use this code. Yeah, like even the folks, I think with, um, Dolphin or whatever, they
said that, yeah, we're not even gonna look at that. We can't look at that. We're not even gonna, you
know, we're gonna pretend it doesn't exist type of thing. I think the reason why a story like this
catches fire is that for one, the Wii was, remember, just remember how like crazy popular the Wii was,
right? And I think it's just that element of TEEHEE, I'm seeing something I'm not supposed to see,
heehee. I think that's the reason why this stuff spreads like wildfire is like, don't look at that.
What? Right? Like everybody wants to see it. What's this like, you know,
assuming that they have like all this stuff out there, obviously like, you're not going to see
emulator of teams or whatever using this data or they, they probably wouldn't be using this data,
but who's to say that you couldn't like someone couldn't fork one of those emulators or whatever
and start incorporating that code or some, somehow to do it, you know, under the radar or whatever,
or, you know, you have some unscrupulous folks developing, you know, mod chips or something
into these where they could bypass something or learn how to sign code a certain way. And you
could, I don't know what you could do with it. Not for me to, to really say, because I don't know
how to do any of this stuff. So we'll have to see what happens with it. And the thought is that there
may actually be more data that's out there that hasn't been leaked yet, that this is only a
portion of it. So I'm curious to see what happens. Uh, bonds 006 asks, will we get an explosion of
home brew from this? And I'm kind of, I'm kind of like, I don't, I don't see it being more or
less than what's already being made. Right. We already had a lot of home brew because remember
there was that whole installing the home brew channel on your Wii. Remember the whole thing.
So you could run like home brew software. Like that was all still big when the Wii was still
like a current piece of hardware. So I don't see it exploding now. Well, like, here's my thought
with this, like, could it be possible for somebody to like, say, you know how we have right now where
folks can create their own NES cartridges or something like that. They're able to build it.
So it can actually run on the real hardware could maybe someone home brew a Wii game and build it so
that it can run on the actual hardware and be able to sign it correctly so that the system thinks
it's, you know, an actual legit copy of a, you know, disc or something like that. Or I don't
know what you could really do with it. In theory. Yes. Although you're going to hit that same
problem where Nintendo is going to pursue it and shut it down. However, this does be, I mean,
we're all quick to kind of say, Nintendo will sue it. Nintendo will shut it down. What if it comes
from a country where they don't give a shit about copyright? No, that's a serious question. What
happens if it comes from a country that doesn't give a shit about copyright? Then it's a little
harder. That argument becomes a little more complex. Yeah. I mean, if they try to sell it
here that then it's not, well, now it's happening here, but could this open up things in other
countries? I don't know. It's really hard question to take on. I also kind of think it maybe is a lot
of work. It's kind of one of those like lots of work, maybe. I don't know. I, again, I feel like
most things that would be exist for home brew development emulation on the Wii have probably
happened. Although, sure, the emulation can always get better and it can get stronger,
but the reputable, respectable teams are not going to be diving into this because they know they
can't. Yeah. No. One of the things that was interesting that was also leaked out of it was
the official Game Boy emulator. So I'm assuming this is what was running on like a DS or something
like that to run, or maybe, I don't know if it was necessarily a DS. I can't remember where they
had like game. No, the original DS ran color. Well, it ran advantage games. Did it run the,
well, the advantage ran Game Boy color game. Did it have Game Boy hardware in it? Like it had like
the same chip on there or I don't know. Was that actually emulated? Can you look at the documents
and tell me, okay, let's find the documents that download all three gigs of that from wherever it
is somewhere out there. Oh, Oh yeah. You'll find it easily on 4chan. Oh, that's going to be a fun
journey. Yeah. I don't think I'll be doing that. Yeah. The needle is in the haystack,
but just so you know, the haystack is full of bees. Yeah. So anyways, so where this actually
came from, since, you know, we didn't really discuss that is it was coming from Broadon,
which is, or at least that's where the thought is where they came from. So Broadon was a company
that was in, I believe China that was developed. They developed the IQ system, which I think that
was that a GameCube, the Panasonic player, the Panasonic Q that one. No, it was the IQ. No,
you're right. I think Jamie's highlighted that on the show like a long time ago, but yes, I know
what you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, apparently the thought is that's where this is
from. Although why would the source code for like Pokemon games be in there or the Wii operating
system and stuff? I wouldn't think this would be something that would be a part of that, but
I don't know. Maybe they were working on a Wii device or something. Who knows? Who knows?
Maybe. Who knows? All right. Well, can we see what Smarter Minds will do with it?
Well, or, or not. Cause they can't. It's just one of those. That's interesting. Okay. Yeah.
So I totally get the perspective of the comment and discord. That's kind of like,
people are making this a much bigger deal than it is. And I think it's, it's just one of those
we're seeing something we're not supposed to see it's insider information, but there's going
to be people that download it that have no idea like what to even do with it. You know what I
mean? They're going to download it just because they're told they're not supposed to have it.
And that's, that's why this story is catching everywhere here. Something you're not supposed
to have is on the parts of the internet. You rarely visit. All right. Anyway,
let's move on and talk about some other news. Uh, this is one of those, this is a bummer,
but is anyone really surprised? The 2020 Tokyo game show has been canceled this year. And of
course, as you can imagine, it's because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Uh, so it will not be happening
this year and it will be replaced with an online showcase. Uh, an official statement from Tokyo
game show says due to the outbreak of novel coronavirus or COVID-19 on a global scale.
And the situation remains unpredictable in Japan as well. The organizer and the co-organizers have
reached this decision after a long consideration to place the utmost priority on the health and
safety of visitors, exhibitors, and stakeholders. We ask for your kind understanding and cooperation.
Um, and again, I don't think anyone's really surprised by this. Some people may be surprised,
like, isn't it a little early for this to cancel? Like we still have things like, you know, the,
the talk has been going on about things around labor day weekend, like dragon con, you know,
still haven't canceled and we've already gotten into those reasons and so forth and the legal
stuff behind it. And, you know, Bobby took a deep dive on that if you want to hear all that.
But I think also the reality is with something like Tokyo game show, you know, you have all these
exhibitors and they've got to prepare things. They've got to plan their booths. They've got
a plan, you know, all these things that go into it. And if they kind of know like, all right,
big events are not going to be happening for the rest of the year. Like, you know,
all of the scientists are telling us this and everything's kind of pointing to that.
Then why have people waste their energy this far out in planning their demos, planning their
boosts, planning all of that stuff to something that they just know is not going to happen.
And I think that's why it cancels this far out. So pretty much, I would just expect at this point
that any 2020 convention just ain't happening. Um, I'm going to cross my fingers and tell,
I'm still hoping for a miracle. I'm still, I'm still hoping dragon con can happen. I'm,
I'm an idiot. And the reason why, you know, I'm like, well, you know, it took us a couple months,
like go, uh, go two months ago to, uh, where we were at then. That was right when this whole
thing was starting. So two months from now is going to be July and who knows where we're going
to be by then. You know? Yes. Yes. I listened to science. Yes. I know a lot of the news isn't good.
So sue me if I want to be a little bit optimistic. All right. Give me, give me something. Cause I'm
getting fucking sick of being at home too. Just like everybody else. And yes, I'll do it. Yes.
I understand the importance of it. No, I'm not going to be down there protesting that I want my
haircut because I understand that something, you know, I have a dad who's 80 years old.
I need to make sure he's okay. So I'm doing my part in everything. But, um, you know,
it's just one of those, like, I wish it would happen, but I'm accepting the reality. It's
probably not. And so that goes with pretty much any of the big game shows, any of the big
conventions and so forth. So we have to start seeing now, if some of this starts to dip into
2021, what happens with stuff in January, like magfest and so forth? Who knows? Who knows? Yeah,
it's just, I think it really is too early to say at this point, but maybe some of that will start
getting evaluated over the summer and things like that. So, uh, anyway, um, you know, it's, um,
it's not particularly surprising here. It gets canceled. It'll be interesting to see what they
do in the virtual space. Now we know it's going to be a virtual convention. So what is that going
to look like? Is it something you're going to have to pay to access, to see trailers and
maybe pay, play some demos online or something? I don't know. Uh, or, or what is it going to be?
Or is it just going to be a drip feeding of trailers or something like that? Who knows
more to come, I suppose. So let's move on to our next story. Loki.
All right. So, uh, Roblox has had a user breach. Basically what happened was, is there was this,
a hacker that bribed, uh, one of the Roblox, I guess, employees to gain access to their backend
customer support panel. And apparently using that, they were able to take a hold and gain
access to some of the more prominent Roblox players that are out there. Um, if there's
such a thing and they were able to do things as, you know, see the user's email addresses,
change passwords, remove two factor authentication from the accounts, ban users and more.
Apparently there was some folks on there that, you know, some of these, you know, high, more popular,
like streamers or whatever that had private emails that were tied to that. And they were getting
contacted by this guy as well to, you know, basically he was bragging that he had their
account or something. So it's, it's interesting, um, that they let this happen. Apparently it was
a small set of users that had this happen to them, but still kind of ridiculous that it was somebody
that basically fished their way into the system. But apparently those folks that did have their
accounts compromised were contacted, um, by the hacker. Yeah. And I think it's kind of funny
cause I don't know if you kind of brushed Roblox off there at the beginning, but Roblox is huge
online. I understand it is my kids play it all the time. Yeah. It's more of a tween audience,
I suppose. Mostly it's one of the, it's one of the games that's coming to the Xbox series X.
So I see, um, it's going to fully, I've seen the thing is with Roblox is a lot of it,
it's all user generated content. And so a lot of it's just plain trash. There's some things that
are popular. Like my son keeps talking about this horror game series that he plays, that's called
piggy and that there's like 21 chapters of or something. And he says it's very much like granny.
I'm like, none of this means anything to me right now. Um, I'm like, is this what I
sounded like when I was his age and talking about Nickelodeon shows to my mom? Like, is that what
this is all about? Well, no, no, no. I like, I would be, you know, able to like keep up with all
that stuff. It's not like I'm getting old. It's just, it's, it's, it's a stupid, um, I get it.
He's into the, but like, I'm not going to pay attention to every single like obstacle course
game that he plays or something, but he's very interested in like the streamers that he watches
that play. And then he goes and plays with them or something like that. Like they'll do a live
stream. And so I don't know, but like, yeah, I know it's a very popular game. It's also full of
just all sorts of copyright IP theft, trademark infringement. It's all over the place. That's
absolute not user generated content. What do you expect? Yeah, but they just don't see the police,
any of that. All right. Uh, let's move on and talk about, uh, another announcement this week,
which I guess was supposed to be like one of the first, uh, summer game. I even forgot the name
of that thing already. Summer game Fest. So they're calling it the format. Yeah. Yeah. I
think this was supposed to be one of those announcements, but it was all over the Twitter
by within five seconds of it being announced. And that has to do with mortal combat 11,
getting an expansion pack called aftermath. It is going to add to the story and it's going to add
some new characters to the game, including fusion, uh, who I believe was originally in mortal combat
four. Right. He's like the air God. Right. Right. Uh, and then you have a Shiva. That's pretty cool.
Shiva was the like Goro, the female Goro and mortal combat three. Remember that? So, uh,
she's in that too. And then Robocop because, uh, mortal combat 11 has become this very interesting,
like Hollywood versus video games type of thing. Uh, and, and, uh, Robocop is going to be in it.
And at Boone in a tweet confirmed, Peter Weller is voicing Robocop. That's pretty awesome. Yes,
that is, that is pretty cool. Like, don't get me wrong. It's just, it's just like random,
like, well, cause what we have the terminator, right. Isn't one of the, it was in 11. I'm trying
to remember who's in 10 and who's in 11. Cause it's different. Um, well I know 11 has like spawn
and there's a terminator, uh, the joker. Oh, right. The joker. See, and then like some of them
like had like Freddie and Jason and, but that was like, I think that was 10. Those are even
all the way back to nine. I think Freddie was in her. Those weren't, no, those weren't injustice.
Yeah. Yeah. It was a predator in this one. I don't remember. Predator was in the last one.
I was in the last one. Yeah. All right. Uh, thank you. SU 100, Matt, laying it out for me. Thank
you. I needed something very plain text there. Leatherface Freddie, Jason alien predator were
in the last games. Thank you. Uh, and Freddie was also in nine, uh, and, uh, tiger class saying we
now have a Robo cop versus terminator in a fighting game. Yes, we do. Uh, those comments
from our Twitch channel, twitch.tv slash vog network. This is all coming out on may 26th.
Um, so the expansion will have the cinematic story, the new characters and new skins,
three new skins for 39 99. There is too expensive. There is also an aftermath collection,
which includes the base game, the combat pack, downloadable content. And now the aftermath
expansion will be available digitally and also, uh, physically in June for the 59 99 kind of more
traditional price tag. Yeah. Well, I always wait for the game of the year edition, but, um, yeah.
So I think that should be like 29 99 at most, like that's ridiculous. Cause you're basically
saying that you have folks that paid $60 and they paid for that expansion pack to get the, um, the
extra characters or whatever. And now you have them pain again, like another $140 or whatever
was like honor 20 bucks for that game. I mean, come on. I'm going to, I'm going to give two
sides. I'm going to give two sides. Yeah. I do agree. $30 is a little expensive for me,
but for the more like hardcore mortal combat fans, I know the story in that game has typically
been very well done. So I think for a story expansion, some people may see the value in that,
but I'm also of the mindset, like for me personally, I'm like, it'll be by the holidays.
This is cheaper. But like, I'm, I'm even saying like 29 99, that's including the story. I would
say like, if we're going to just forgo the story thing, maybe 1999, like I still think that's
ridiculous for the three characters. I mean, come on. Um, I did like that they added the friendships
in the arena fatalities, which are pretty cool. I was going to say that part is free. So there's
a free update coming at the same time and it will add new stages, including the classic Deadpool,
of course has a K, uh, the soul chamber. There will be new stage fatalities. If you're putting
the classic Deadpool in there, of course you gotta have the stage fatality and friendships are coming
back. And that's exciting. Like, uh, there was the one of scorpion. He goes, get over here. And
it's a big Teddy bear that he hugs. Uh, and then Kano had one where he was starting a barbecue with
his, um, eye laser and he's barbecuing. Uh, and then I saw one for sub zero where, um, it was,
uh, an ice cream cart or something like that, or no, it was, it was, um, it was the night,
the nitro nitro nitrogen frozen thing. Cause that's all the rage, right? It was that.
So, and it's funny cause it's sub zero. So yeah. Anyway, I thought that was all pretty funny. So,
uh, yeah. And that actually, the funny thing is that kind of stuff makes me want to play these
newer mortal combat games. Cause I, you know, I don't care for like these fatalities are getting
to be a little much like it was funny when it was comical, when it was like itchy and scratchy level
stuff like mortal combat two on the super Nintendo, that was fine. Now I'm like, this is a little too
real for me, but if I can just friendship everybody, I'm fine with that. So I might
actually be okay with this now that I can friendship everybody. Oh yes. That was that's
right. Thank you. Johnny. We'll say points out another one. New, but was playing jump rope with
his shadows. Yeah. That was really funny too. So I'm all about the friendships. I think they're
great. So, all right, let's move on. Uh, Loki, what do you got for us? All right. Um, so we
have a few companies swapping their IPs. Uh, basically we've got a THQ Nordic and Koch media,
um, kind of shuffling around. So that's up according to, I believe what Bobby was saying
earlier that it's because the developer behind those games actually as a move companies or as
owned, I guess it says they're both owned by the same parent company and bracer group. Um, so
some of the stuff that's shifted around and I really don't know what this means
necessarily for games coming out, but you've got, uh, red faction and painkiller going to,
um, I guess, uh, THQ Nordic. And then you've got, uh, looks like sacred risen rush for Berlin,
second site and singles, flirt up your life. So those are, um, going, I'm sorry. Yeah. THQ
Newark is getting those last four and apparently Koch media is getting red faction and painkiller.
All these games we have not seen games for in a while. So, yeah. Yeah. Kind of interesting
that these games might kind of get a new life through it. And also do we, I mean like THQ Nordic,
like another, and I can't remember how this has all been passed down, but it was another company
completely that then bought the THQ name and is now like getting the THQ licenses back that were
with this other company. Right. Isn't that like a whole element to this? Yeah. So, yeah. So the,
basically one of the cool parts about it is apparently action is now back in control games.
I've had this like thing, this USB thing from an E3 with like demos from like the last E3 I went
to, which was years ago. It's Nordic games. It's THQ. Yeah. So, um, yeah, but now red
factions basically with volition now. So, you know, the original developers. So
I'm all for a new, uh, new red faction game. Yeah. Uh, Questbuster in chat says I want a
new red faction along the lines of gorilla. So, uh, SGL 100, Matt says, I still have not played
any of them. It's that player that gets put in the trade to be waived afterwards. They're not going
to make that game, which I imagine is the, the, whatever that crazy title was you said there at
the end. So it's just, it's the throwaway one they put in there to just make it a little more value.
Oh yeah. The singles flirting up your life. That sounds like a mobile game for me.
But yeah, maybe that's where it ends up. It's a shitty mobile title. Maybe makes a few bucks.
Fine. Whatever. But they probably won't do much with it otherwise. So, yeah. All right.
Well, moving on to something that's been getting some kind of like bigger headlines than just in
gaming blogs. And that has to do with the absence of Nintendo games. And the reason why I think, um,
it's picked up a lot of steam on other news blogs and you're seeing more mainstream coverage of it
is because animal crossing is such a cuckoo bananas meme game right now at this point, like,
you know, so many people are playing it, um, that a lot of people are asking, well, what's next for
Nintendo? How is Nintendo going to follow up animal crossing? And the answer is we don't
really know. Like we know they're working on a breath of the wild too. We don't know when it's
coming out. We know that Xenoblade Chronicles, the remaster, and that's going to be awesome.
I'm excited about that. That's something that's going to happen by the end of the month,
but we don't know like exactly, um, when thank you. Alan's putting coffee down. He knows I need it.
Thank you. All right. Um, so we, we, uh, we don't know like when this is happening. So what is
Nintendo's plan over the next, you know, a little while. So, um, there was a Nintendo investor Q and
a session and, uh, some tweets that relay what a CEO Shuntura Furukawa said, uh, during this
event says that there are other undisclosed titles set to be released this year. Hello.
We all kind of knew that, right? They usually announce things for the holidays in June. I
don't think this is a huge surprise, but the Corona virus pandemic could impact development
as developers are currently working from home. Here's a series of tweets from the account
Cephason talking about, uh, the relaying from the Nintendo, uh, Q and a session
Nintendo president and CEO Shuntura Furukawa says that although the Chinese factory suspended
shipments of Nintendo switches in February, Japan faced delays in putting new units on shelves.
However, the impact on overall business has been minor so far. He mentions there are other titles
they plan to release this year in addition to those already announced. However, it may
be difficult to finish development during the current situation as employees are working from
home. Their forecast assumes they will release as planned. So that could make the E3 direct or
whatever you want to call it. It could make it very interesting, right? Because they may announce
games and not tell us when they're coming. And I think that should be something we're fully ready
for. Like they're going to announce games, but they're not going to say, Oh, holiday this year
or, Oh, it's not happening. Or it's a, you know, quarter one next year. I think they're just going
to say coming soon, coming soon, soon, unless it's a game that like already is like, damn,
you're done. Like maybe they had some games that are in like, it's going to be out today
type of status. Then maybe those games will come out. But I, uh, I don't know. We'll see.
So anyway, there you go. Nintendo. Yes, they're working on new games. Of course they are. They
were probably going to announce them in June, but this whole situation has screwed everything up.
So there you go. In the meantime, please look forward to more Animal Crossing.
All right. Let's go back to a classic time and take a step back a little bit. Let's go back to
a time when there was no pandemic. Let's go back 10 years or more and visit a classic game of the
week. Every week, typically dark soccer will step into the gaming vault and find a game that she
thinks, Hey, you guys should check this game out this week. Obviously, as we know, dark soccer is
dealing with some more important things this week, so she can't be here to pick the game. Uh,
and last week we had Alan pick the game for us, which was really cool this week. Uh, Loki,
it's been a while since we've heard from you and had you pick a game in Jamie's absence.
I think it's your turn to pick the classic game of the week. So what are you gonna pick for us
tonight? So my pick this week is Duke Nukem 3D. Good pick. I, I'm kind of surprised we haven't
picked this before. I'm so shocked. All right. Well, there it is. So Duke Nukem 3D was released
in on PC, January 29th, 1996, uh, as shareware. And then of course the full version of the game
came out later on April 19th. Um, yes. Share were love that stuff. Um, of course there was
three campaigns that were included with that, but later on they released a plutonium pack,
which is an expansion to the game. They added a fourth campaign as well and some additional
things to that. So of course the shareware version of the game, um, you had the first original
episode, which was episode one, uh, LA meltdown. And then of course episode two, a lunar apocalypse
that was, uh, in the full version. And then episode three shrapnel city. And then in the
atomic edition they had episode four, uh, birth. And then one of the things about Duke Nukem was
it was pretty cutting edge for the, the game engine. So it was built off of this build 3d
engine, which was, um, developed from 3d realms and it could do a lot of things that like doom
couldn't do necessarily. Um, so it added a lot of new gameplay features to it. One of the things
though with Duke Nukem cause originally Duke Nukem was this old side scrolling, uh, kind of
action game, a side scrolling platform game. So they of course, you know, brought it out
kind of this ultraviolet crass, uh, game. And so of course it got in trouble with some of the
retailers out there for, you know, having pixelated strippers in there or just, you know,
poop jokes and bad language and all that kind of stuff. Um, of course one of the main, um,
selling points of Duke Nukem is John St. John who voices Duke Nukem himself. And, um, really,
I mean, I played a ton of this just, I remember I actually, I own the game, the full version of it.
Then I was building levels for it because you could actually use, there was a level editor that
was, I think included with the game and you could go in there and like build your own levels out
and actually play them in game and play them even in multiplayer. Uh, which it was one of the first
games to offer a multiplayer over the internet, which is pretty cool. Of course we always just
do it through LAN and, um, yeah, so lots of cool stuff. Uh, some of the other fun things about
Duke Nukem was all the different expansion packs you could buy. So this was the kind of thing you
would see, you know, in your Babbage's or software, et cetera, or whatever, they would have all these
expansion packs where folks would create brand new campaigns that would either, uh, total conversion
the game or just add to it. Uh, so they had Duke's Caribbean life's a beach, uh, Duke nuclear winter.
I think I had Duke it out in DC and there was a Duke Nukem's penthouse paradise, stuff like that.
Um, of course each campaign of the actual game had a lot of parodies of different, uh, pop culture
things. So of course, you know, with, uh, the atomic edition, I remember there was a level in
there that was very much it's, uh, babe land, which is just like Disneyland. So they even
had like a pirates of the Caribbean ride and stuff like that. Of course, you know, there's pig cops
everywhere. Um, there's lots of different lines in the game that were drawn from like aliens,
dirty Harry evil dead to full metal jacket, jaws, pulp fiction, and they live. Um,
there's all sorts of parodies for like Shawshank redemption, uh, 2001 space Odyssey,
I mean, it was just full of pop culture references and even some that are kind of
dated nowadays, like they have the Exxon Valdez in there, which no one remembers that. Um, but yeah.
And then of course, um, even more recently, we just got an episode five alien world order,
and that was with the 20th anniversary world tour, uh, that was just released. And of course,
Duke Nukem has been released so many times, uh, different console ports. Of course you had it on
the Sega Saturn, a total meltdown on PlayStation Duke Nukem 64. There was, um, Duke Nukem on three
on the Xbox. It's been on mobile phones and the Nokia, um, PlayStation, you know, it's been
everywhere. And then of course they even had some source ports that came out later on. So
that's where you get the E Duke, um, and then some other enhancements with that. So it's,
it's still pretty, uh, I think there's still quite a bit of content being put out for there
and thank God it's, it's actually a pretty great game. I'm like Duke Nukem forever, but
I don't know. That's why it's my classic game of the week and definitely well deserved. I think,
no, this is, this is a very good pick and, um, I, yeah, it is, it is deserved. I played a shitload
of this in college. I know I've told this story on the show before humor me. I'm gonna tell it
one more time. Um, of many, uh, I, I played this game in the college dorms a lot in, um, college
and we, because we were all in the dorms, every room had their own phone line and everything was
connected on the internet via phone back then. So I remember I would play this game and then
my neighbor who was also a bit of a computer nerd would sign on and play this game. We would call
each other on the dial up and we would play versus, and the other guys in the dorm used to
love to like, they would run into one room and see where I'm at and then go run in there and tell
them where I'm at and then they do the same thing like vice versa. So it was kind of like a land
thing actually in a way, in a weird way, but in the dorm setting, which as you know, is like very,
you know, compact and tight. Those dorm rooms are very small. So, uh, yeah, like I have a lot of fond
memories of playing this game as a result. And then of course with all the level editors,
you know, this was the first Mario maker of sorts, if you will, for some people was kind of like
making their own Duke Nukem levels. Um, which Wolf Wolfenstein and Doom kind of went through
a similar thing. So it's kind of like all these games around the same time, you know?
Yeah. And I, I had actually made some, like I said, some levels in it as well. One of the levels
that I made that was kind of ridiculous was this whole, I think I made like this like flooded city
thing. And I remember there was one that I made also that was like a big water slide that just
looped around. And so one of the things you could do in the game is a raise and lower floors with
like the page up, page down keys. There's no limit to how long you can lower that floor.
Yeah. So I put a paperweight on the page down and I went and had lunch for an hour and came back
and it had like a 15 minute drop in the game, which is hilarious. That's amazing. Um,
so yeah, good times. There you go. Uh, there it is your classic of the week, Duke Nukem, which,
um, you can easily check out on like steam, like, you know, there's a, or even a Google games has
it as well. I mean, there's all sorts of additions that are out there. It's always on sale. Um,
there's, I think there's still a lot of people even making modded levels and stuff today. And
I am pretty sure there's probably some more fancier versions of Duke Nukem that people
are modded in. Like I, I won't, won't be surprised when I see Ray tracing and Duke Nukem three.
So, uh, bonds to bonds, double six and chat says, LOL. So Rob invented land in college. No,
I didn't invent. I'm not like trying to say I invented the internet. I said it was like
land. Uh, and VG realness says, well, she is that old. So it's possible. Rude. Rude as hell.
You didn't have to do that. Uh, let's see. Uh, as she went under, Matt says someone made a
Duke Nukem level of the dorm floors at school that became a local Fox news, angry parents segment.
Oh no, I can, I see it though. I, I, I feel like I tried to recreate a building. I knew in one of
the, yeah, we tried to recreate our neighborhood too at one point, but it's, it's hard to,
it's hard to, one of the limitations that you had with, um, or the build engine is you can't have,
and this may have been just an initial like build stuff. So Duke Nukem era, not necessarily in,
um, some of the other games that they made with that, but you couldn't have floors above floors.
And so you couldn't really create like a two story house or something like that. You have to have it
just solid floors and there's like tricks you could do to kind of like get around some of that
stuff. But it, it's still, it was kind of limiting what you could do with it. Now there's further
games that made a use of the build engine and enhanced it. So like, I remember redneck rampage
was one that I played a lot of and, um, Oh gosh, there was some other games that they use that as
well that added more features to it. That's why you have these newer versions of like Duke Nukem
or whatever that utilize these more updated, uh, build engines to add a whole lot of features
that weren't in the original game in the first place. All right. Lots of, yeah, it's just the
way people have expanded on this game over the years and it's still kind of relevant in many
ways. It's just, yeah, it's, it's a true classic. I'm glad you picked it. Good job. All right. And
even if dark soccer isn't a big fan of first person shooters, I feel like she, she, she,
even she can recognize that this is, this is something that is deserving. Hey, at least it's
not halo. There's that. All right. Uh, let's move on. We have some rapid fire news, some other
things to talk about quickly. Um, and then we'll get back into some more news, lots more news to
talk about and, uh, get your, uh, comments in our, uh, just, uh, get your comments on in our chat
room over at twitch.tv slash vog network before the night is over. Uh, let's get to the rapid
fire news. Loki. So whereas we had, um, Elijah would visiting folks in animal crossing last week.
Now we have representative Alexandria, um, Ocasio-Cortez visiting folks in animal crossing
as well. Lots of people are getting around in animal crossing. So, uh, that was something
that she had posted on Twitter and there's some screenshots of people, you know, having her visit
their town and stuff like that. So that's kind of fun. Uh, lots of creative stuff I've been seeing
with, uh, animal crossing as well. Just, um, you know, folks even like, uh, we had like,
you know, sports teams, like advertising things, um, that were using animal crossing for like,
almost like little skits and stuff. So I saw something with like our local Sacramento Kings
team and there was one for, um, I can't remember which baseball team it was, but, uh, yeah,
good stuff that they have lots of, uh, folks out there. Something else to consider, something else
to consider about, um, AOC and, you know, I, I realized she's a very polarizing political figure,
whatever, but the thing to remember about politicians, they really are just like us.
And, you know, with AOC, she, she likes drag race. She likes video games like animal crossing.
She's not that different from a lot of people her age that, you know, I think we know. And I know,
again, I've told this story on the show before and I probably don't need to tell it again,
but I used to date a politician that ran for office. And trust me, if there's one thing I
learned from that relationship, any idiot can run for office. Okay. So, you know, uh, it's,
even though it's kind of one of those things was like, Ooh, a politician is playing animal
crossing. They're real people. You know, same thing with the celebrities with like Elijah,
what they're real people. They're all locked up at home too. So here's something that's pretty great
that I saw that, um, someone had offered her to do on there. And I don't know if she took them
up on that, but apparently someone has talk show that they set up in animal crossing called animal
talking, like a talk show set and stuff like that. And they do like interviews or whatever over,
you know, whatever voice chat that they have in there. But I thought that was kind of cute.
That's a cute idea. Yeah.
Anyway. And then, um, let's see. So aside from animal crossing news, of course, you know,
I'm big into the Lego games. And so it leaked out that the Lego star Wars, the Skywalker saga will
be coming out October 20th. And that was thanks to a, uh, Disney YouTube channel video that they
had for the game. Although it did get pulled. So I don't know if they were jumping the gun on
announcing that, but apparently, you know, it is coming out this year. So I wouldn't be surprised
to see it, uh, sometime this fall. All right. Well, but there's no star Wars movie this year,
right? No, no, no. And this is basically kind of a culmination of like all of the,
the whole nine movies. Oh, okay. I gotcha. All right. All right. All right. Well,
moving on to some other, uh, news, we have some new modes for bloodstained ritual of the night,
the game that is not Castlevania symphony of the night, but it does have some similarities,
doesn't it? Uh, there's going to be a big update for bloodstain to coming to the switch in may or
June. And I imagine it's coming to other platforms around the same time as well. Uh, the dev team has
said, they're looking into locking a release date for this update. And once it's confirmed,
they'll have it out there. The details for what's in the update, Zangetsu will become a playable
character. And that's going to be a little bit different, uh, because it's, you know, Zangetsu
will not have the same type of movement and combat abilities that Miriam has. So it'll be using a
sword. So it'll play a little differently. Uh, but then this other mode sounds pretty cool,
a randomizer mode. So they're actually going to build an official randomizer into the game
where you can adjust eight different parameters of the game to mix up the experience.
Uh, you can mix up, save and warp rooms, shops, key items, enemy drops. Uh, that's going to be
very interesting. And, uh, I think we'll make for all sorts of fun speed runs for that. So very
cool. Uh, and speaking of switch things coming to other consoles, uh, a PlayStation four version of
blaster master zero two has apparently been looked at and, or has apparently been spotted
on the PlayStation store, like a placeholder for it. So, uh, that has not officially been
announced by the developer. Um, but it's been about a year. Again, this is blaster master zero
two. So remember they like redid blaster master on the switch and then they did a blast. They
did a sequel to the remake basically. And it's pretty good. They did a very good job of those
games. Like I, I, I, I hope more people get to play them. So, uh, they came out on PC in steam
in November. Uh, it was on the switch in March and now apparently going to be on its way to,
um, PlayStation four as well. I wonder if the original will come with it. Cause I don't think
the original, the original is on PC and the original was on 3DS as well. Uh, I don't think
the original was on, but I could be wrong. I don't think the original was on PlayStation store.
So it'd be interesting to see if it's kind of comes in like a combo pack or something. We'll see.
So there you go. Some rapid fire news. Let's travel around the world and look at some world
release dates or lack thereof. Um, now I have quite a few actually. So let's see. We've got
star Wars one, um, racer and that's coming out on Nintendo switch. Um, we have deep rock galactic
on PC and Xbox one, two per mega baseball three on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four and Xbox one.
And I swear to God, I didn't even plan the classic game of the week to go along with this,
but I guess the timing is great. So coming from 3d realms, ion theory on Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four and Xbox one. This game also uses the build engine that was used in Duke
Nukem 3d. Of course, now 20 years later and even more enhanced, but still in that same style of
Duke Nukem three, uh, we have Hatsune Miku project, Eva mega mix on Nintendo switch. And that's it.
What timing on that? Very good. All right. Uh, going to Japan, which by the way, uh,
interesting comment on discord that, um, sheds a lot of light. Cause last week I was kind of like
the Japanese releases have kind of dried up. There's not a lot coming out. It was pointed out
that the Japanese rating board, remember we talked about a couple of weeks ago on the show. I think
it was like the ESRB was working from home or something, but the Japanese one, the CRO,
they closed down for a little bit. So that's why we haven't had as many Japanese. They can't rate
the games. So that's why we haven't seen as many things. And I would have thought, Oh, well maybe
they rated them way out in advance, but it doesn't always happen that way. Um, so thank you. That
was a very good call out on discord, but we do have a few things that snuck through, um, this
one probably because it's a repackaging maybe they didn't have to re rate it. I don't know,
but it's the dragon quest X or dragon quest 10 all in one package versions one through five will
come out on the switch this week on may 14th. So that's kinda like a re repackaging. And of course
that is also coming out, um, on the PlayStation four, uh, one other minor release this week,
AO tennis two on the PlayStation four. Uh, the AO does not mean adults only. Sorry. Uh,
that's just the name of it. Uh, and I'm not sure the company behind this, um, but it is like,
it's a real, it's like a realistic tennis simulator game is very disappointed. Yeah,
no, it is not adults only. Uh, sorry about that, but it does, it looks very realistic,
you know, as far as like tennis Sims go. Um, so that's pretty cool there. That's it for
Japanese releases and an explanation why we're probably seeing a lot less of them.
How about the UK low key? Anything? Not much. Uh, we've got budget cuts coming out on PlayStation
VR. Um, the persistence on PlayStation four and also, I'm sorry, we have persistence on
X-Box one and intended switch as well. And that's it. All righty. Well, let's get to the mailbag
because every week we read your guys's emails participate at orange lounge radio.com is the
place to send those emails and we will read them on the show. Of course, usually
I should have these emails up in advance, but I didn't do that tonight because I'm an idiot. Um,
Oh boy. Now it's telling me the password is invalid. Hold on.
Oh fuck. I know I'm getting it right.
Oh, help me buy time. Loki. All right. What are you looking forward to an iron maiden?
Uh, well, I w I'm just curious to see what the game looks like. There was,
I I'm getting confused. There's another one that's also kind of like a retro shooter.
That's basically the symbolized or simple pixelized sprites and everything, but they have
like advanced lighting with it. And I can't remember if that was iron maiden or another one.
I think that's a different one. Um, I'm just, I want to kind of check it out. I need to go back
and just play like Duke Nukem and stuff like that. Um, I think when I used to play those
originally, I used like the old gravis pads. I never really got into like keyword mouse with
that stuff, but I don't know. I'll have to check out and see how that game is. And hopefully it's
not too expensive, but great job buying time. Loki. Uh, I got it. All right. Good. Thank you.
All right, here we go. Uh, first email tonight from Robert M who emailed us at participate
at orangeandrea.com to say little disappointed, but understand the circumstances that we didn't
get to hear Jamie reacting to the release of the Neo Geo pocket color game SNK gals fighters on the
switch got me to dig out my old unit and change the batteries for the first time in over 15 years.
Here's hoping for match of the millennium. Well, unfortunately, you know, with what I said earlier
in the show, it probably will be a little bit before dark soccer gets to it. Um, but we will
make sure to pass along the message and ask her if she's even, she may not even be aware that it
came out on switch, but she would probably also go, well, I could just go play the real thing.
So maybe she did this week. You did remind me though, my Neo Geo mini. Yeah. I didn't get
around to even using it yet because now I want to order one of the controllers
because I don't want to have to play with a tiny little joystick that it came with.
It doesn't work. I don't think gals fighters is on it though. Sadly,
but thank you for the reminder that it came out on the switch.
All right. One more email tonight from Y Y R our power. Y Y R hello. L R when Rob mentioned
trying streets of rage four on last week's show, he mentioned that the game had an online co-op
for the first time in the series. Well, actually I'm just going to mention the excellent Sega
vintage collection streets of rage that released on X-Box three 60 back in 2012. Yeah, I forgot
about it. Sorry. Developed by M2. It features both the international and Japanese releases of
all three games in the original trilogy, and also features online co-op in all three games.
Plus it has a music player, a challenge mode, leaderboards, and all the trimmings you'd find
in similar collections. Best of all, it's backwards compatible on X-Box one and only cost $10. So you
can enjoy it right now and there's no need to wait for a sale. Anyways, thanks for the show issue. And
it's fine. Even though I'm, I'm rolling my eyes a little bit at this. Well, actually that I'm,
I'm being explained to right now. Uh, it's, it's fine. I did forget about the release and the
minute you kind of like said it, I'm like, Oh yeah, I even played that fucking game.
And I totally forgot. So it's fine. Um, I never did online in it. So that's what caused me to forget
anyway. Uh, but good call out. Thanks for the show as usual. I'm sure that I can speak for
many of the listeners. When I say that we're looking for distractions nowadays, thank you
for helping provide a diversion for a few hours every week from the near constant stream of bad
news. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Warm regards and well, well wishes Y Y R. Well,
thank you for that very kind comment there at the end. Um, we're happy to do so. It gives,
it gives me something to look forward to do as well. So it's like, and it's nice because like,
since I know I'm going to be on camera, it's like, all right, I'm going to have to put on pants
today. I'm going to have to take a shower. I'm going to have to find nice hat to wear to hide
all this mess of hair that I have going on right now. So it's, uh, it, it helps me go through the
motions, even on a weekend and try to keep some sense of a normal routine. So thank you guys for
showing up here and giving a crap and motivating us to do it. We really appreciate it. So
participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send your emails in a future week. If
you would like to have them read on the show. All right. Uh, bonds double six says, well,
actually, Rob, you're wrong. Let me tell you how Rob got mansplained. Yes, I sure did. But you know
what? Luckily I know why YR is, is a well-intentioned guy and he's, he's very polite
and how he does it. So I, I will allow it to happen this one time. All right, let's move on.
Uh, let's get to some more news. Loki, not surprised about this next one, how fast it came and went
right. Uh, yeah, not too surprised. So apparently there's been this, uh, project that's been going
on for awhile. So it's a recompilation, um, project for Mario 64. So basically they were,
um, taking the raw source code for Mario 64. And I don't know, I believe that they were
reverse engineering all of that. And then once they got it down to the raw source code, they then
use modern compilers to compile the game for other systems, including mainly the PC. So allowing them
to basically use, um, you know, DirectX 12 or OpenGL to port the game over to PC where it runs
natively with, you know, controller support and widescreen and 4k and stuff like that. So pretty,
pretty cool. Unfortunately, like something like that, that would get so much attention.
It has been, um, it's being yanked off the internet, uh, thanks to Nintendo and they are
seeking their lawyers on these sites that are hosting these files. And apparently they're
shutting down YouTube and that kind of stuff as well. Yeah. They're, they're showing folks that
are, um, displaying gameplay from it. And so I have a theory, I have a theory on that. I have
a theory that goes a little deeper on that, but, but is there something else to this too? You want
to mention or, um, no, that's pretty much it really. Um, yeah, that they, they basically had
these versions or whatever that were out there. Um, but you know, now you can't do that. Um,
I did also find around the same time though, that there was also a web version of Mario 64 that you
can play as well, which I thought was pretty cool. And it ran great. I was messing around with that
with my, uh, Xbox controller, but that's, that's the one that I looked at. And I thought, I thought
at first it was like the same thing, um, which I'm not going to give you the URL, but it's very
easily Googleable. So have fun. Um, but, uh, yeah, I was playing that and it was interesting because
it suffered a little bit, like it was nice and all, but it suffered a little bit from that same
criticism. I had a final fantasy eight earlier where it's like, look at these very lovely
textures, like very weirdly put together. That's the same one. Or if that's just like an emulator,
that may just be an emulator. I think it is. I think it is. I think it is, but it's so fun and
it has saves. And so you can do that, but, um, so let's, sorry, let's talk about Nintendo taking
down the YouTubes because I think there's a lot of people going, that's too far. That's stupid. Why
are they doing that? Um, go back to those rumors from a couple of weeks ago that Nintendo is
planning a Mario onslaught for later this year or next year at this rate. Um, and one of those games
that they are talking about is their own HD remaster. Now, certainly, um, if Nintendo is
working on their own HD remaster, you can completely understand why they would yank this
other version that's being done. They were going to do that anyway, because we know how Nintendo
always goes with IP, but why would they go after the YouTubes as well? Because if Nintendo is about
to announce their own product, they don't want footage of that other thing getting mistaken for
what they're doing. Well, that's my, that's my bet on why they're doing it. They just doing it
because they can, I mean, there's no repercussions for them doing that because they've done that in
the past about like, remember they used to have the whole thing where you had to sign up with
them in order to have YouTube content for any of their games to be, otherwise you just flag it and
kick it off the internet. Um, yeah, it very well could be low key, but I feel like it's one of
those, they've got their own plans for Mario 64 and they want to control the message and they do
not, like, I think that's why they're going a little further with this where I feel like there's
other Nintendo projects and weird Nintendo fan things. Like for example, that YouTube of the guy
that, God, what was it? He put the Mario cartoon into a Mario game. You remember that from about
six months ago? Nintendo didn't shut that down. Yeah. That wasn't something he released.
Right. Right. But they didn't yank the YouTube Loki. That's my point. I there's a difference
here and like how fast that's just, you know, and again, it might just, you're right. Loki.
It might just be Nintendo is just totally controlling their IP. They don't want people
to be making money on YouTube off this because they don't have a right to it's a, it's a pirate
piece of software. You're right. Loki. That may completely be it. But I just, I can't shake this
feeling that the reason why they're doing this so fast and they're doing it so much and stuff on
YouTube is because they're about to put their own YouTubes out there of an HD Mario. And they do not
want this. Sorry to the developers, but what Nintendo views as a second rate version of the
game to get confused with it. And that's why they're yanking the YouTubes. Maybe walk. See,
I guess, uh, Bobby Blackwell says if they don't take it down, then a different company can
actually do it and make money on it because, well, you didn't shut down that fan's version.
Well, for, for the, the actual game itself. Yes. But we've, we've again, I just cited a YouTube
project. They never took down. So there's like, I feel like things kind of exist in the YouTube
form and these other places that Nintendo doesn't shut down so quickly. If that makes sense.
So I don't know. Anyway, uh, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, Disney does the same thing with their
IPs. Uh, Rip Cycle says you got to slap down people using your IP or it becomes slippery to
defend. Uh, Johnny Wu-Fei says just like the Mario removal in dreams, but there's still Mario
stuff in Roblox, right? I'm pretty sure that there there's Mario's there. Roblox has all sorts of IP
theft in there. It's it's I don't play Roblox, so I couldn't tell you offhand. I mean, I could boot
it up and take a look, I guess, but no, I don't. I'm sure it's there. I'm sure it's there. All
right. You know, when anybody is presented with a creator of some sort, someone is going to recreate
World 1-1. It's just an iconic piece of level design. It's always going to be copied. So,
all right. Anyhow, moving on. Let's, uh, talk about some other stories. Oh,
yeah. Y'all want some more rumors? Cause I got some more rumors for you. Uh, rumors outside of EA
as to what is happening over there. And, uh, apparently, uh, this is a resource that comes
from, actually, I'm just going to go to the original source here. Um, I hate it when I go
to a news article and it's just like, here's, we're just rewriting what VentureBeat said about
this whole thing or whatever the website is. In this case, it is VentureBeat. Um, so VentureBeat
is saying that, uh, EA gave investors an overview of what's coming up for the next fiscal year.
So the fiscal year runs from, you know, March to, or April to the end of March. So this is
everything through March, 2021. 14 games are apparently in the works, but they are still
going to be working on, of course, like apex legends and games that have done very well for
them. Those kinds of like always giving types of games. They start to name some of the games,
Burnout Paradise Remastered on Nintendo Switch, Command and Conquer Remastered PC,
Medal of Honor VR. We know all these games, right? Madden 21, duh, NHL 21, of course,
unannounced sports game, an HD remake of an EA game. And then 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 are all
EA. Oh, excuse me. 9, 10, 11, 12, our EA partner game, 13, 14, our EA mobile game.
And what is really funny about this article, the very last paragraph. Oh, and that HD remaster of
an EA game is the Mass Effect trilogy. Just don't expect that to also launch on Switch,
just not at first. Oh yeah. And some of these games are coming out for Switch. Like they're
saying apex legends, uh, possibly on the Switch and so forth. But it's very funny how they kind
of dropped that little bombshell right at the end. By the way, it's totally the Mass Effect
trilogy that is the, uh, uh, remastered thing. Um, I have heard this same thing from people I
know that know people. So, you know, take, take it what you will. It obviously would also make a lot
of sense. I think a lot of fans have been begging for it. Take us back. I'm one of them. Take us
back to the Mass Effect we all know and love. I think there's a lot of people that would really
love if this came out on the Switch, who knows if it will. Um, for me, I kind of like, well,
at this point, I'd like to see it on PlayStation 5 and Xbox One Series X, but if these consoles
are going to play the older stuff anyway, then fine, whatever. And it's going to be a very
interesting chance to maybe, uh, remake some of the things that were a problem in one.
Not that I'm expecting like a full H. I'm just expecting like, you know, kind of like the general,
like, uh, zhuzhing up of some of the textures. Like I'm not expecting the game to get completely
overhauled. I imagine all the DLC will be included and all that good stuff, but I'm not expecting,
like, a huge, huge overhaul, but maybe with the first game, they might have an opportunity to do
things like, um, well, they can really clean that one up. Um, that's for sure. It's official HD mods.
Basically those of you that have been playing on PC probably already using HD mods. This will just
be official HD mods, um, and master, but they can also fix like the, the driving sequences, the
Mako. They can fix a lot of that stuff. And a really good one that came up on Twitter that I
was like, oh, that's a really good one. They could restore the Kayden romance in one, uh,
the same sex romance that they originally cut and all the dialogue is still in the game and
people like unpatched it and unlocked it. They could restore that. And I think that would be
very interesting, um, to restore that. And maybe, maybe there's some other, um, things that they cut
that they could kind of put back in the game like that. So again, I don't know how much time or how
much effort they're putting into this, that I don't know. Um, but Mass Effect trilogy, it's
almost certain to be announced, um, throughout this summer events with what's going on. So,
um, let's see bonds, double six says no Sims news. Uh, they remain committed to the Sims.
What is it? The Sims four, right? Is the current one. Uh, and kind of like those always, they,
there'll be more Sims expansions. I'm sure, uh, tiger class says knowing Rob, he'll buy this
remaster. Like he buys every version of the Mass Effect trilogy. This is like Star Wars all over
again with the rereleases. You bet your ass. Uh, as she went on her, Matt says Mass Effect one does
need some cleaning up some parts of that don't age well, graphically. It is on an Xbox, Xbox game pass
if you want to check it out, but yeah, it, it just, it needs, it just needs a little like the
first game is where they could make the most improvements to bring it in line with the second
and third games. And I think that would be a very solid trilogy package. And I really hope they keep
the multiplayer from three in there. And I would love it if they would, you know, enhance that a
little, give us some new enemies to fight in there. Maybe I know this is going to be controversial,
but bring in some of the stuff from Andromeda, which I know makes no lore sense whatsoever,
but whatever it's multiplayer, bring in some of the stuff from Andromeda to have us fight in the
Mass Effect three multiplayer. I think that'd be really fun. So, um, let's see, we'll see,
we'll see some of the details. Um, when this inevitably gets announced over the summer
and I'm very excited about it. All right. So, uh, Loki, what do you have next for us?
Um, okay. So let's see, we've got some information about a Fortnite player who's been banned from
playing competitively. Now this Fortnite player was only nine years old and was playing a guest
in, uh, was playing arena, which I guess isn't a tournament, but he got banned for being under,
I guess the minimum age, which is 13. And he gets, you can think, uh, Coppa for that as well.
So I don't know. I know that there's a lot of those like agreements online that especially
like if you have social media accounts and stuff like that, you have to sign and says,
Oh yeah, you're at age 13 or whatever, because they have rules about advertising to children
in there. And so I suppose if you violate that rule, then you could be banned from that stuff.
They did ban him for four years, which, uh, based on his age would actually make him 13.
So he'd be eligible to enter competitions at the time. Now, um, I just want to say quickly,
like, cause that was the first thing that came to my mind too, is that like, okay,
even though these headlines are going around, going nine year old gets banned from Fortnite
and you know, those are the big flashy headlines and so forth. Um, it kind of made you kind of go,
okay, well considering kids are not supposed to do things online until they're 13 anyway,
or companies aren't supposed to have that because of the CCOPA law, it makes sense.
And it's not as sensationalist as a lot of blogs are making it out to seem,
but Jason and I were texting a little bit before the show and Jason kind of brought up the point
that like, actually you can go around it with parental permission. And it sounds like the
parents want him to be a part of that, but I could, I could see a place where maybe
Epic has a company policy where like they just, they don't want to deal with permission slips.
So they just have a policy of 13 or older and that's it. And that's part of what you agree to
when you sign up for the game. I don't, again, I'm, I'm admittedly, I'm not an expert on Fortnite
and I certainly didn't read the end user license agreement in it. Um, so, but that's just a theory,
I guess, that I would have. Yeah, possibly. I mean, I don't know. I would imagine that
there's probably similar guidelines for like other games out there, like, uh, Roblox and stuff,
but that doesn't stop my kids from playing it. So I don't know. I was trying to see, uh,
considering how providers have to treat COPPA, uh, allowed users data as special, Epic could also
decide that they just won't bother and not allow the user due to not being able or willing to
fulfill the requirements of the terms. Yeah. I imagine the vast majority of everyone not
specifically expecting children under the age of 13 as users do this. Yeah. That's kind of,
that's kind of where my brain is at is that they just don't, again, that was a text from Jason.
That, um, that's kind of where I think Epic is at with this is that they just, they just don't want
to bother with it. So they're not going to let you play till you're 13. Yeah. Yeah. And considering
it is kind of a shooty, shooty, bang, bang game of sorts, maybe they just don't want to get into,
I mean, they probably are well aware that kids are playing it, but it's not something they want
to officially acknowledge. You know, even if it's cartoony, it might just be a little bit, you know,
but puts them in a bad light, I suppose. I don't know. So yeah. All right. Too bad, but I guess
they'll have to go play something else. All right. Well, meanwhile, uh, let's talk about cyberpunk
updates. So cyberpunk 2077, of course, that's going to be a huge release this summer. We all
know that, right? Uh, what are the big headlines for this? Well, there's a couple of things.
Number one, it's going to get its own event in June, which isn't very surprising.
We knew it was going to be an all star game at the E3 that would have hypothetically happened
this year. Although now, obviously with that all getting, uh, tabled because of everything else
going on in the world, cyberpunk is going to do their own online event. Uh, that's going to happen
in June and they're calling it night city wire, and it's going to happen on June 11th. So that is
just, I guess the teaser that's happening. Uh, I imagine that it's going to be the gameplay trailer
that we probably would have seen at E3, right? That's yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be
probably some more gameplay. Like, I mean, they've already shown quite a bit of gameplay
and that scene. Now that stuff was actual gameplay. Like you watched them playing the
actual game. Like that is a gameplay trailer. What we saw, not a gameplay trailer that is an
engine trailer. Now, um, I'm surprised. I'm sure no one is surprised that cyberpunk 2077 has been
rated M for mature. Okay. Yeah. Let's talk about why. Um, because of all the nudity and the extreme
violence. Here's the summary. Some locations depict mutilated corpses with open chest cavities
and or exposed organs and entrails. During one quest, players assist a character by hammering
nails through his hands and feet, screaming sounds and blood effects accompany the scene.
Wow. Uh, that is something very interesting. And also players can select a gender and customize
their character. Customization can include depictions of breasts, buttocks, and genitalia,
as well as various sizes and combinations of genitals. So we will leave it to your imagination,
just how free the character customization will be. Did it first? Yes.
Yes. Did you just Simpsons did it this whole thing?
But I have a sexy sexiness meter in saints row. Like if, if you slide at the female or whatever,
it just made your boobs bigger. If you slide the male and made your package bigger. Yeah. So
anyway, it's I, and again, we don't know the specifics. We just know what's coming from the
ESRB. So it does sound like things are going to be highly customizable in the game, which you know
what? Cool. You know, uh, people lose hours and hours in character creation mode. Me I'm at the
point where I'm just like, I'm going to select a pre-selected character and then pick the hair I
want and just go from there. That's, that's how I make my characters in game now in games. Now I
just find the pre-selected character. Then I change it to, uh, the hair I like. That's it.
But other people are going to spend hours and hours and the customizer doing
every possible combination they can think of. So have fun. All right. Let's get to the listener
round table. So you guys can ask us some questions in our chat room. If you'd like over at twitch.tv
slash vog network, VOG network. Uh, if there's anything you'd like us to bring up or discuss
here on the program, we can do that. Otherwise I'll look to Loki to buy us a little time with
some last minute stories. Yes. And I do have a few things. So, um, apparently there's some
old phone games that you can play for free. So Gameloft classics 20 years is a collection of
30 old phone games. Some from back in 2007 that are now playable on Android devices.
What old ass games are there besides snake? Uh, gang star, modern combat. Um,
I don't know. These old ass games. I remember on my old ass sprint flip phone that I had that
like had the color screen. You remember that guy? Um, it like had a really shitty camera in it too.
And you could take selfies on it. Cause I had like that front screen that was really bad.
Um, so, okay, here we go. It had games like color games on it. Like there was like a Castlevania
port on that thing. It was really bad. Not sure if you would know most of these titles here,
but, um, these are, they have them broken up by genre puzzle fun, run and gun life and love
arcade action and sports and cards. So some of the titles we have here, we have, um,
date or ditch to high school hookups, modern combat to black Pegasus gang star to Kings of LA
zombie would alien quarantine. Uh, I don't know any of this shit. I don't, I don't know any of this
generic stuff. Um, yeah, so neat that that's out there and you can play it for free. So
go check it out. If you have an Android phone, I guess, I don't know if it's on iOS, but
it's on Android at least. I probably will not get on that anytime soon,
especially cause I don't recognize any of those games you mentioned.
Um, anything else? Uh, yeah, well there is a video that I guess, um, was in a video that
was published regarding some technology that's showing like hand tracking. That's going to be
used in Sony's new VR controllers. And they were showing off, uh, apparently there's a paper that
was uploaded to upload VR as well. Uh, talking about how that's working. It says evaluation
of machine learning techniques for hand pose estimation on handheld device with proximity
sensor. Yes. Those, those research papers that have such, you know, fancy titles and the video
shows like some pretty awesome hand tracking on what looks like a really old school looking
controller, but obviously it's meant for just the hand tracking and stuff, but it's very, um,
very accurate to pretty much any pose you can make with your hands. So
pretty neat via interesting to see how that is incorporated into a new VR controller.
Anything's better than the move. All right. Anything else? Our chats being pretty quiet
when it comes to questions or comments, which is fine. I know there's a lot of other stuff going
on in the world, by the way, cause I forgot to mention at the top of the show, cause I had some
other housekeeping I needed to get, um, uh, talk about, but I do want to wish all of our mothers
out there a happy mother's day. Uh, whether, um, you're a mom yourself or you want to go
wish your mom a happy mother's day or, you know, motherly figure, you know, uh, pet,
pet moms and so forth. You know, if, if you believe this day applies to you, then happy
mother's day to you. Yeah. I got, I got nothing really else to talk about, I guess.
All right. Straight up out of news, I guess. Okay. Some questions here. Uh,
Sia Tabiri in chat says, okay, so I've been enjoying murder by numbers,
the P cross investigation game, any fun crossover genre games you enjoy?
Ooh, wow. Crossover genre games. I'm stumped in the moment trying to think of anything.
I don't really play it anymore, but puzzle quest is pretty cool.
Oh yeah. Puzzle quest is awesome. They have a free version of that on steam.
And I don't remember the name of it, but like that, that whole model kind of went free to play
sometime ago. Cause like there was, there was the Marvel puzzle quest. That was the first free to
play one I could think of. And now there's a more traditional one. That's all, uh, it's all free to
play now. I used to like back in the Android and this is a pretty old game, but, uh, swords and
poker, which is pretty fun. Um, um, trying to think of what else is kind of cool.
I always, I don't know if this is considered like John, but I always liked when they did
like the puzzle game that the platformer folks would show up in like Yoshi's cookie.
And we were talking earlier about like Puyo Puyo, but with Sonic and with Yoshi and some of those
like crossover. I don't know if that really is the genre bending that you're looking for, but
that's that comes to my mind where it's like platformers crossed with puzzler.
Actually, yeah, actually Yoshi's cookie was like a way better, um, puzzle game than that for me
than I think most people gave it credit for. Um, I also really enjoyed Pokemon puzzle league,
which is another one of those, which was Tetris attack, but with Pokemon. So there's that.
Yeah. Um, I think what else? Uh, we've got some other questions here and these are some good,
good ones here. Um, as Joe and Hunter, Matt says thoughts on the final fantasy seven remake part
two being in the early stages. Do you think it will get fast tracked because of the big success
of the first part? I can't believe it's only in the early stages. Come on. Like what what's taken.
So like I cannot, but this game should already be like, I guess maybe they didn't, they, they knew
it was a risk and they were worried that the game wasn't going to do well or something. I just
worry that this game is going to take forever now, but maybe now that the engine is done and they
have a process, maybe it won't take that long. Cause the final fantasy 13, two was only what,
like two years after the first one. So fingers and toes crossed, but I'm, I am a little shocked. Like
they're just now starting it like, yeah, I would have thought it was, yeah. Well, it, like I said
before, I think it's, um, less development time for this one because they've already got the
engine built now for everything and they've got it kind of working the way they want it to. And
it's now basically developing the content for it. Um, so some of that's going to be kind of,
I mean, they've got the characters modeled and everything and some of the environments already.
So I would imagine that the turnaround time for developments can be much smaller, but yeah,
I would think that. I hope they've already, I would hope so too. Cause I think final fantasy
13 was challenged in development a lot. Like they, they, I know they changed the platform
they were using to develop it partway through. So I'm hoping that like now it's all kind of set
that, that they can kind of turn around a part to a faster cause like, obviously if they, if they
wait five or seven years or however long it took us to get found messy seven remake, like that's
just not going to work. So hopefully they can get it turned out in two to three. Um, but then,
you know, you start to look at, well, how many parts is final fantasy seven going to be?
And honestly, the answer is we don't know. There's too many people that are quick to assume,
Oh, well, because there's, it's only takes you like a third of the way through the first disc.
There's going to be like six different games to which I say, that's not how it works.
That's all I can say. So we don't know how many parts it could be. It could be just two parts.
It could be three parts. It could be seven parts. We just don't know. Anyway. Um,
I was going to say, kind of go back to that first question. A crypto necro dancer would be,
Oh, that's a good one for genre bending game. Yeah. That's a good one. I like that.
Good. Good. Yeah. That's good. Those types of games that are like they're rogue likes,
but they're this too. What was the trailer for? Like somebody passes on Twitter. It was like a
shooter slash music game slash rogue like. Yeah. So I've got a few of those in my wishlist. So
there's gun jam is one of those in BPM bullets per minute is another one. That was it bullets
per minute. So anyway, yeah. I think gun jam is one where you have to like shoot in rhythm with,
um, there's like a thing that comes up the screen and almost like guitar heroes, something like
that. Um, and then same with, uh, one of them is just shooting. The other one is like shooting
and movement and everything is all done in time. So I don't know. It's pretty cool. Um,
Ziba in our chats asks, did you guys talk about the final fantasy 11 mobile rumors screenshots?
Excuse me. I don't want to talk about it. Mobile rumors, screenshots, disappointed that it's
not coming out. Ziba. I did see the pictures and it does look really good. Like in HD. Um,
at least the few screenshots we saw. And when I see that stuff, I can't help but feel overwhelming
disappointment that it's going to be on mobile. And that's just the, like, I'm just like, I,
I still do not understand how this game is going to translate to mobile. And that's like that key
missing piece for me. And until I understand that it's so hard for me to get excited.
Cause honestly I see those screenshots and I'm like, why can't you just make a new PC client
with that? Why does they want you to go to 14? I don't know. So that's, that's the part where
I'm struggling. I guess it's all a rumor anyway. Maybe we were supposed to find out more at E3
this year. Maybe we still find out, we'll find out more in the summer. I did see that screenshot
that they had of Winhurst or whatever, where I thought that was a fan, like that they were up
grading the game, like the client for the game or something like that. I thought that was a fan
mod or something like that when I saw it originally, but I didn't realize that was a
screenshot from the actual mobile game. Act-deft in chat says maybe it'll get ported over to the
switch. Um, you know, that's some mobile games do end up on the switch like that. So I guess
even if we're talking about a mobile game, it isn't impossible that it ends up on consoles.
For example, the, um, you know, that game I really liked last year, that Sayonara wild hearts,
that game that's very artistic and flair and the music's very good. That's a mobile game,
but it, they put it on consoles too. It's just a very simple control scheme, right? It's just one
button instead of tapping the screen. So, um, I suppose anything's possible with that, but all we
have right now are rumors. All we have is what they've told us. And that is that they plan to
do 11 on mobile. We don't know anything beyond that yet, but honestly switch would make a lot
of sense. So you joke, but dot, dot, dot anyway. Uh, let's see one more here. Um, cheeseburger
94 in chat says what's this newfangled twatch chat. And what happened to the gold old IRC chat?
Oh, you must've, you, you clearly haven't been here in about a year and a half. Yes.
We moved to Twitch, um, in December of 2018. And a big part of that was that, um, well, number one,
more and more shows are moving to Twitch. Um, because Twitch has more discoverability,
Twitch is very easy to have, um, uh, like the mobile app, the PlayStation four app,
uh, a lot of gamers know what you're talking about when you talk about Twitch. And so it's
very easy to find us and discover us on Twitch. And the reality was as much as we loved shoutcast
and being like MP3 radio and all that number one, we were paying quite a bit of money to
run that feed and host that feed. Number two, people aren't discovering shoutcast feeds and
all that the same way they're discovering Twitch. And honestly, and I know, you know,
anytime you maybe make a big change with the show, people are going to say, but I like the old way.
But the reality is like our number, our listening numbers would still decline, decline, decline.
And it's not all about the listener numbers, but at the same time, it's like, if we're only,
you know, there's going to come a point where like, if literally nobody's listening, then
we're going to be like, all right, well, I don't know. You know, so moving to Twitch has
helped our audience grow a little bit. And some new people have found us because of that. And
that's been a great thing. And we get to broadcast this show for free. If you miss the audio thing,
two things you can always listen to the podcast feed that hasn't changed. And number two,
the Twitch client, and this is another thing I really like about it on the mobile phone,
Twitch has an audio only mode. A lot of people don't know that it's there, but if you go into
your settings, you can make it audio only. So if you don't want to look at my ugly mug,
you don't have to. You can switch it into audio only mode. And that's, that's totally fine.
And if you don't want to look at my ugly mug, well, you're in luck for the next few months.
Yeah. Pod Culture says, I missed the Skype line. Well, again, things have to change.
We were paying for Skype. More gamers know what Discord is in this day and age. Skype was having
a lot of conflicts and errors and issues. And you know, there's, I missed the old Skype. I'm going
to leave. That's my retort. I miss Skype too, the old Skype. So anyway, let's see. Pixel Paca says,
the only problem with Twitch is that my Australian friend cannot watch live very well. Almost all
Twitch streams constantly buffer for her, but you can do audio only or get the podcast later. Yes,
that's very true. And I imagine if the shout cast probably would have buffered a little bit as well,
that far away. Who knows? But yeah, audio only will help cut back a lot and make it a little
more, especially if you're in, you know, I don't know where in Australia your friend lives,
but if it's somewhere where the internet connection isn't as strong, then the audio only
will probably help a little bit of that. Yeah. SG100Matt says, they don't miss the constant
battle every time Skype had an update that would bork something else. It's that, unfortunately,
it is very much that. And we know that a lot of gamers have embraced Discord right now. I'm not
saying Discord is going to be the only way to do it forever. I remain open to other ideas,
but we'll see. All right. Anyway, thank you. Great questions tonight for the round table.
Any other last minute stories we didn't get to, Loki, that you want to mention before we wrap up?
No, that's it. All right. Then I guess that means we wrap up. So that's going to do it for another
episode of Orange Lounge Radio tonight. Thank you. Of course, everybody here, whether you were live
on glorious video or whether you were here for the pod or for just the audio only on Twitch,
or whether you're here on the podcast feed, no matter how you consume Orange Lounge Radio,
we thank you for being a part of it. And you could help us out a lot by spreading the word
because we are the show where every gamer has a voice. But if the voices aren't here to put out
on air, then we don't get them. Also, an auto host here on Twitch on your own channel for
VOG Network. So helpful. I can't even tell you. The power of hosting and rating is really great
on Twitch. So we really appreciate all of that. And of course, a big thanks to anybody who followed,
subscribed or rated or anything like that tonight. I will acknowledge all you guys after
we're done recording the podcast for tonight. Just thank you for showing up and being here. And
thanks again to all the gamer moms out there. And hope you had a great Mother's Day today.
Let's get to final thoughts. Final, final thought. Loki, your final thought tonight.
So my final thought is I was told by my work that we're not going back. They're not even
considering us the conversation about going back until at least September 1st.
So I'm going to be working from home for a long time.
Yeah. And I don't know how long OLR is going to do the distance thing as well. I miss being in
studio with everybody. But it's really, it's one of those when the scientists say it's safe,
then we'll do it. Until then, we will follow the rules. And that's that. And even then,
I kind of don't want to force Loki or Jamie to have to be here in person for a good period
after that while we kind of like make sure everything is good, if that makes sense. I'm
sure you can all understand that. So yeah. With that, my final thought is it was a shorter show
than usual tonight. But that leaves me more time to go play games. Maybe I can sell stuff at Nook's
before they close for the night. That'll be good. All right. Have a great week, everybody. Happy
gaming. We will see you here in seven days. Again, we're sending a lot of love to DarkSakra
and her friends and family. We'll see you next week to talk more about games.
Have a good week, everybody. Good night.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
