It's the end of the year bump.
No, not this show's live opening guffaw, that happened already.
As the news quiets down through November, we get one last hurrah in the form of the Video Game Awards and so much of what we'll be looking forward to in 2024, and in some cases 2025.
New games, old games making their return, teasers, troubles, toils, and Tom Petty?
This is the last hurrah of the year, but not the last episode of the year.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you about the awards reveals of the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again, episode number 985 of our show for tonight, December the 10th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined each and every week on this program for the last 21 plus years with my co-host.
Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hey.
Hi, how are you?
as we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific you can look at visuals of this show as we are doing this and Loki likes to have games that play behind him while we're live and I thought for a minute I was looking at like the last ninja and now I see elevator action with penguins this must be one of those like homebrew games that's like a hodgepodge of everything
No, this is talking.
This is going into my gaming week.
It's the first season of stuff that's available on the Playdate.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, so like I got I got the little thing.
It's it's tiny.
It's it's it's like a Game Boy, but I mean, it's pretty much like a Game Boy because it doesn't have a backlight on the screen.
It's kind of got one of those like
E Ink type screens.
So pretty cool.
You can get a bunch of games for it.
It has a little crank on it and stuff.
So part of it, it comes with a season of games, which is 24 games to unlock two a week.
Or you can go into your account and unlock them all.
But it's good to just do two a week because then you get to play them and actually you know, check them all out.
Interesting.
Yeah, it's been pretty fun.
Interesting.
So how long ago did you order one of those?
Because weren't they back ordered for a little bit?
Have you done homebrew to it?
Um, no, they have their own like shop.
I mean, you can sideload stuff pretty easy with it as well.
I'm going to at some point put on there.
They have a Game Boy emulator that someone made for it.
Of course.
I mean, of course, I got to put that on there.
I haven't got a chance to sideload anything yet just because there's been a lot on the shop that looked OK.
And I was going to check some of those things out.
So I downloaded a few things, but it's
Yeah, it's only got the like, you know, the old Wi-Fi, so it's not super fast when it comes to downloading stuff.
But yeah, I have to really dig through itch.io and see what else is out there.
But a lot of the stuff that's on there is also on their shop.
So it's like, you know.
And I can't imagine those games are very big.
I mean, no, there's only four gigabytes of storage, non expandable.
And the games themselves, like the biggest game I've downloaded so far has been like 92 megs.
So it's pretty small.
I mean, it's all black and white.
So black and white.
It does.
The audio is like it's not just like chip tune stuff, but you can do like MP3s and things.
Obviously, it's not very powerful to
do all that stuff and they could get pretty large so they have you know different techniques and stuff with it but it it's uh you know the the screen can refresh up to like uh 50 fps it's pretty fast like it gets pretty fancy with some of those things especially like just the interface and everything's very um cool with it too just
the way they do everything in the games.
So all right, I've been super curious about play data.
I kind of want to check it out at some point.
So I'm going to come borrow yours for a little bit.
Okay, I'm curious about it.
And because I am looking in our chat room live, there was a comment about I think Zen Monkey had said something about how long does the system last after you crank it up?
And important to know that the crank is not for power.
No, it's not.
I mean, I don't know.
It charges very fast.
But the thing is, too, like the screen always stays on because it's like one of those e-reader screens.
So as long as it's not updating, it doesn't use any power.
It's just on or off.
And it's the the updating is what takes power.
So unlike your typical like a phone or something like that, where it leaves the screen on all the time, they'll drain the battery.
This does not.
In fact, it just has like you can put a clock on it and it'll just stay like that.
And, you know, it just draws very little power.
I think my kids are playing around with it yesterday, and I think even them just using it is like maybe 10% after an hour.
Like, I think it's got a pretty decent battery life in it.
All right.
Well, I'm going to go back and check in because I think we do have them just without the VTube.
Hello, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I just haven't turned it back on yet.
Oh, okay.
That's I thought maybe that was part of what was going on with the system.
But hello.
Sorry, there's a tech difficulty tonight.
But I think it's it is for a good reason, right?
Because you got upgrades to your computer, if I remember the text, right?
I just upgraded the operating system.
Well, that's
That's still that's still an upgrade.
I get excited whenever my phone gets a new updating system because the latest one brought us the the fact that the phones can mate.
Because when I was I met somebody out at the club, and we just we touched our foot, we made our phones kiss, they went one and then they share the contact data.
And that's like the types of things they give us with new updates.
I like it.
Well, in this case, when you have certain applications that their creators do not update them in conjunction with operating system updates, updating immediately is not a good thing.
If you're in the middle of working on a graphic project or a video project, you don't upgrade in the middle of it.
That is true.
I can think of several games that like the creators have just kind of abandoned them for whatever reason or I remember I mean this is several years old at this point but I do remember like when the 64-bit stuff became I think it was mandatory or whatever we lost things like Flappy Bird, RIP, Rest in Pepperoni.
but Flappy Bird doesn't run anymore, and other abandoned games, basically.
Maybe on a more positive note... Oh, I wasn't talking about games.
I was talking about my OBS, or my Logic Pro products, or my Final Cut projects.
I had to already uninstall a couple of plugins for my Logic because they're not compatible anymore.
Happy Hanukkah!
4th Night, so we are smack dab in the middle.
And number two, I was kind of giggling because you and I, out of the blue, apparently updated our YouTube channels today with new YouTubes about 15 minutes apart because I noticed on Blue Sky, I uploaded a video from something I'm going to talk about a little later during my game of the week.
And then you uploaded a Dead by Daylight video, which I don't, I,
It is a newer thing for you, right?
Because I noticed it was like edited, like you you didn't like have an entire DVD match, you kind of like we're cutting and pasting the highlights, I guess, taking out the boring running across the map.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, and I sped up a few things, and I did my first instant replay.
There was a scene, and it was like a half a second, you would have missed it.
But I remembered seeing it when I was playing the game, because there had been
I opened the locker and was just about to reach for the other one when the Yui got out of it.
And you see her for like a split second.
I remembered seeing her.
So I actually had to go back, freeze frame, put a cricket sound effect.
That's why when you watch a video I make, watch it all the way through, please.
And then... Like, comment, subscribe.
Yeah.
Well, I guess it's very clear both DarkSakura and I are going to ride the coattails of LokiOLR's YouTube success.
I'm teasing.
I'm teasing.
But you know, Loki, you've had some good success on YouTube with some of the stuff you've been doing for Minecraft.
I will point out that I have had my YouTube channel since about a year before Thunder
Big Thunder Barbecue I think we had you cut out again.
You said something about Big Thunder Barbecue.
I had my YouTube channel about a year and a half prior to that.
Because one of your early videos is that, right?
One of my early videos is Julian when he was three.
I just didn't use it much, but I've had it for a while.
I have like random gaming things on my channel.
But now I'm like, Oh, I should actually use this nice setup I have to record like, you know, 2k things off my PC and 4k things on my PlayStation.
It's kind of fun sometimes.
Alright, well anyway, let's get into the news, because there was quite a bit of it this week, as Jason talked about in the intro.
This is that kind of time of year where we get another bump in announcements, and a large part of that is thanks to the Game Awards.
Now, you know, usually we kind of recap everything that we saw at the Game Awards.
We'll get into some of the highlights as we get into the news.
I don't think we need to go through the laundry list of all the announcements, because
kind of what I wanted to focus on here at the top of the show was, well, A, let me just kind of get like people's overall thoughts, like for those that were able to watch it.
And I think everyone here, I at least saw in the chat for part of the, I did a show with Bobby Blackwolf on Thursday, we did a co-stream.
And by the way, programming note, Bobby Blackwolf was not live tonight here at VOG Network.
He usually is at eight o'clock Eastern, five o'clock Pacific.
Everything is 100% A, okay with Bobby.
He just had a personal conflict, so he wasn't able to do the show tonight, but he'll be back next week.
Um, so, um, but what I really wanted to get into was the Game Awards.
We were streaming that, and I saw DarkSakura in chat for a bit, and I saw Loki in chat for a bit, so I know everybody at least saw a piece of it.
Um, so I'm kind of curious, like, overall what folks' thoughts were on the Game Awards, because there's been some very strong reaction on social media that's kind of surprised me a little bit, but I'll wait and get into that in a minute.
Um, DarkSakura, do you have any thoughts?
and into the channel to lurk.
I literally went into lurking left because I've had a lot of IRL stuff going on.
Sure.
Oh, I actually didn't watch.
And I honestly award shows don't interest me, even if it's video game stuff, because it's all arbitrary.
The people don't really get too much of a say in it, you know?
Yeah.
So if I wanted to watch critics,
talk about video games, I would just listen to us because we're better.
Fair enough.
We're more interesting.
Loki, what about you?
How much of it were you able to catch?
Did you like it?
Most of it, I think.
So, I mean, it was good announcement trailer wise.
I don't think it really got didn't really highlight developers too much.
It seemed very rushed.
I mean, a lot of it was very, very, very rushed.
But I mean, that's kind of the nature of the beast because they got to pay for it.
Right.
And, you know, they don't have time for all that stuff.
But yeah, it was very rushed.
But yeah, some exciting announcement trailers and stuff like that were pretty cool to see.
Yeah, I know things that aren't coming up later in the show like the Exodus trailer.
I really liked that one because that was the one that Matthew McConaughey introduced.
But if I'm not mistaken, he wasn't in the trailer.
But when I watched the trailer, I was like, I'm literally watching like Mass Effect with different aliens.
Like this is this is a game by somebody who liked Mass Effect, who wanted to make their own Mass Effect game.
I was like, but I was into it because you know, you know, what's funny?
I really like Mass Effect.
So I think that this is the
Are you saying that this is like Fifty Shades of Grey to Twilight?
No, no, because it's like Mass Effect Interstellar Edition.
It didn't look like awful fanfic.
It looked more like, yeah, like Interstellar, like actually, you know, say what you will about Matthew McConaughey, like Interstellar, like was an incredible movie.
So like, yeah, like if it's that side of Matthew McConaughey,
All right, all right, all right, I say to this this game is that that game look really good.
But anyway, like, you know, I don't want to I don't want to focus too much on one trailer.
That's just one that like caught my eye.
But overall, yeah, it was a lot of trailers and things like that.
But that's what the game awards have always been.
And I I've been really shocked at some of the response on social media about people that are like,
Oh, this is this game boards are terrible.
It's nothing but a commercial.
It's all these ads and trailers.
And they they give more time to the trailers and always rush through the awards.
It's like, why are you all acting brand new?
This is like the 10th year that they have had these awards.
And it's been the same thing every year.
And if you weren't aware, because you know, I don't know if you noticed, but renting out the Peacock theater is expensive.
paying all those people to put on a broadcast behind the scenes is expensive.
All the lights, the orchestra, all that stuff is expensive.
And so yeah, they bring in ads and they do a lot of trailers to pay for all of that.
So no, the focus isn't on the awards.
They haven't been.
But here's, here's what blows my mind because people are like, well, we need the Game Awards to be nothing but awards.
We want to see people give these full speeches, which I don't disagree with.
And I do want to say it's not that I'm not here to
you know, make out with Jeff Keighley and say his show is perfect.
It's not.
There are things I wouldn't prove.
And yeah, the optics of Wrap It Up after 30 seconds of a speech, like it was, it was not good, right?
When they, when Baldur's Gate 3 won Game of the Year, and they were dedicating it to somebody on the team who had passed, and somebody in the audience shot how the Wrap It Up light was flashing.
Those, the optics on that, pretty shitty.
But to be fair to Jeff, he did acknowledge the day after that shouldn't have happened.
We'll work on that so it wraps up next year.
I mean, honestly, with love and respect, blame Christopher Judge for that.
And I say blame, but I don't like that created a viral moment.
Like, just let people ramble.
Like, yeah, I know you're going to have to pay overtime or whatever, but maybe maybe plan for that a little bit.
I don't know.
But anyway, the point I really wanted to get to was about
the awards and people are like, they should just give awards.
It should be nothing but that.
Hello, that they do that at other shows.
And when have you ever tweeted, skeeted, bleated, peated about any of those things?
Because did you know that there are DICE awards, GDC awards,
Japan Game Awards, those don't get the same type of social media traction.
99% of the people, I guarantee it, 99% of the people complaining, saying the Game Awards needs to be nothing but an award show, have never posted about one of the actual award shows that are going on.
Including, you know what, even the day before, the day of the devs.
So I'm just saying, know what you're getting into with this.
Yeah, the awards are a little bit of an afterthought to what's going on with the trailers and the announcements and the fact that this is a little bit of a winter E3, but the reality is you would not be talking about it if it didn't have that stuff.
but could they tighten it up a little bit?
Sure.
I thought the OD stuff that Hideo Kojima debuted, even though they must've changed the name of that because I thought that leaked as a game called Overdose.
Do you remember that, Loki?
When that leaked, there was a game called Overdose that leaked about a year ago, right?
OD usually means to overdose, so it's essentially the same title.
Yeah, I guess, but they've been calling it that, which is interesting, and then, yeah, I don't know.
But that did go on a little long.
Now, the news that Jordan Peele is collaborating with that, I think, is kind of a big deal.
But it also shows that one of Jeff's weak spots, I think right now, and overall, I do think he does a good job with the cards that are dealt.
I do think there's maybe some things he could stand to cut back or cut out and, you know, allow the speakers a little more time or whatever.
But, um, you know, one of the things I think he is not great about is that he gives a little too much to the film industry.
And I do understand, again, Jordan Peele, big fucking deal in the game industry.
The fact he's working with Hideo Kojima, big deal.
Did we need to hear the whole bit about, I grew up on your games and the love affair and all that?
Maybe, maybe not so much, but you know what?
Okay.
But I think then where people really start to get lost is like Timothee Chalamet giving away the Game of the Year award.
Why?
why it did Timothee Chalamet.
Yeah, even even Midna or one of the some cat has something to say about that.
She hops up on me and then gets testy when I pet her.
But why is Timothee Chalamet giving away a Game of the Year award?
He's not he didn't even have a game out there to promote.
And I was like, what the fuck?
He's a YouTuber.
Yeah, Rob.
Yeah, it took me a minute to get that because they introduced him as a YouTuber, the Xbox 360.
Oh, yeah, that was a joke like three years ago.
Like, no, no, like he did not need to give out the Game of the Year award.
I'm sorry.
And this is no diss on him.
It's just stop seeking validation from an industry that you don't need validation from.
In fact, if you look at the latest trends in Hollywood, it's kind of the other way around right now.
So stop seeking validation from the film industry.
You don't need it.
So where I think it ought to be going is that the Game of the Year award, if you do look at the Oscars, who tends to present the Oscar for Best Picture?
They get a legend out there, right?
They get a Cher.
They get a Meryl Streep, a Julia Roberts, Liza Minnelli, that was the one that her and Gaga came out one year to do Best Picture, right, or some award, but they get a fucking legend out there on stage to give out the award.
Why don't you do the same for gaming?
Get Ken and Roberta Williams to give the award.
Get a Sid Meier, get a Will Wright, get somebody who's like a legend in games to give out that award, especially because you kind of stopped
that award for the Hall of Fame that I forget what they call it, but they used to actually Roberta and Ken Williams won it the very first year.
It was like a Vanguard or something they did for a few years, they got rid of it around like 2018 or so.
So
Yeah.
And Tigerclaw says, regarding Timothee Chalamet, he used to be a modder for the Xbox 360 controller.
I mean, I get it.
I'm saying not fucking good enough.
And that meme is years old at this point.
Like, if you have to explain the joke, the joke didn't work.
And it's as simple as that.
So, um, I, I, I just think that was a poor decision on Jeff's part.
And I would like to see maybe more gaming legends and people within the industry, um, actually giving out some of the awards and they, you know, they were having people introduce segments of the, they, they try to mix up a little bit, but I just, you don't, you don't need to have Hollywood.
You don't need their validation, have that about the games.
So.
I think the optics of Jeff having Kojima have 5-10 minutes for his projects, yet they rush through everything else doesn't look good.
But one perspective, if you want the show to have, say, fewer trailers for War Room for Speeches, they need those massive moments like Jordan Peele and Kojima.
Moments help sell the show to outside advertisers.
You get a big advertiser, the show will get that additional revenue stream that you don't need to have 100 trailers to pay the show.
I think they could have tightened it up a little bit, but I do not understand some of the outrage on social media about a show that essentially has not changed its formula in several years now, and people are acting shocked.
So I don't know what to tell you.
Let's see, Questbusters pointing out that Xiaomei has a movie coming out.
Yeah, weird flex for the VGAs, but I wouldn't be surprised if it had something to do with it on some level, too.
Yeah, but they didn't promote the movie, so... And if there's a tie-in game, I bet it's garbage.
So, yeah, Simu Liu is at the show as well, and he voiced a character in a video game, too.
Well, that's... At least he's there to promote a game.
Like Matthew McConaughey, there to promote a game.
Jordan Peele, there to promote a game.
Even the guy from Twisted Metal, I'm sorry, I forgot his name, but he at least, he took a little bit of a long time, but at least I was like, oh, he was there because he was announcing that it was getting a second season on Peacock, at least, thank you, Anthony Mackie, at least he was announcing that it was getting a second season on Peacock, right?
So at least there was a point.
I didn't get the point with Timothee Chalamet.
So that's all.
Anyway, DJRamaS says, part of the issue is that there's always new people watching and a lot of the complaints are coming from the newer eyes on this.
Yeah, there is that.
And you know, again, some of the other optics are not great, because like accessibility and gaming, that award was given out during the pre show.
And it was like, you know, it's kind of, you know, rapid fire, essentially, type of award.
And I think there are people out there that would like to see those types of things uplifted.
However,
Those comments come off a little bit of slacktivism.
Sorry, I know people hate that word, but that's what it is.
If you are not also out there uplifting those moments when they happen.
So were you talking about the indie showcase that happened the day before?
Have you been talking about other types of accessibility?
If so, great.
But there's a lot of people out there that only want to talk the talk when it's convenient.
And I'm just saying it's not a good look.
So, but I at the end of the day, yeah, of course, I would like to see more time for the you know, things like best RPG and all these things being rapid fire.
It's not great.
But what are the alternatives?
You're not watching the shows that are nothing but awards.
but I and I haven't seen I haven't seen the ratings for the game awards yet but I imagine it was a fucking lot of people especially when you consider just how many platforms that show is on like when you were looking at like streams in China streams and like all these other countries like it I that thing was going out on like 100 different platforms at once wild so I'm sure it had more viewers than most probably the Oscars it probably had more viewers than the Oscars quite frankly
Anyway, oh yeah, Tiger Claw does remind me of a funny moment.
Christopher Judge poked fun at that by taking a stab at Call of Duty.
He said something along the lines about his speech being longer than Call of Duty's campaign.
That was funny.
I love a good read.
So that was, that was funny.
But like, yeah, if you're gonna get up and tell a joke, tell the joke, move on.
I actually, actually, Christopher Judge this year did great.
I think it's it's funny in the sense that like haha yeah Call of Duty's campaigns are short but then also the developers for Call of Duty were like dude what the hell like you know that ain't cool poking fun at our game we're not poking fun at your game
DJRamaS says, didn't one of the presenters get banned from the theater for life?
Yeah, the one that jumped up on stage in the middle of the Game of the Year award.
He wasn't a presenter.
He was a clown.
So he got banned.
Yeah, SJ100Matt says, folks were also disappointed with Jeff about not acknowledging the layoffs.
Yeah, I think there was room to have a little bit of acknowledgement for that, you know, or something about maybe like dedicating a certain award or a certain segment to, you know, folks in the industry have been impacted.
I think a nice quick little thing would have been great because he did do it a couple of years ago when there was, you know, a lot of other stuff going on in this industry that needed to be talked about.
So it would have been nice to, you know, again, I think the way kind of Ben Starr put it in that viral clip that was going around Twitter,
about, you know, on one hand, yeah, we can celebrate.
But on the other hand, it's hard to celebrate when dot dot dot.
So it would be it would have been nice to have an acknowledgement to that.
Again, I don't think Jeff is perfect.
And I think yes, there are ways the awards can improve.
And I've pointed out a few of them.
I just think that there's a lot of people out there commenting on it who very clearly had no idea what they were about to watch.
That's that.
All right.
Yeah, DarkSakura says, sounds like the upgraded security worked this year.
Oh, yeah, you could see it in the background.
You could see that they had, you know, large men standing at the front of the stage, and there was little like a little barrier at the front.
And so they only let two people through at a time, except for I think the game of the year, they let a few more.
and so forth like it was it was very hard to miss the extra security but like good because we didn't get a clown moment this year and that's that's the last thing we needed on top of everything else was another clownery to steal everything so well there is still the heckling or something in the crowd when Anthony Mackie was on stage and granted he did a terrible job and was just talking to them which
Yeah, they need to discourage.
I agree.
Don't, don't talk to hecklers, especially when we can't hear them on the stream.
Right?
So it's, it's why sometimes I'm like, if we're going to respond to a chat comment, we have to read it because the podcast, it's the same thing.
If you could, you only have the information that you can hear or whatever to work with.
So yeah, that that was kind of a rookie mistake on his part.
But if he doesn't present awards every day, you know,
sjo100mat says, easiest solution would be to extend the pre-show to sneak more awards in, but they're kind of damned either way.
I maybe would look to doing something like the Oscars, where maybe the night before they do, or I think the Oscars actually do it the month before or something like that, they do like the technical awards evening.
and but stream that too.
Just maybe don't you don't have to have the same amount of trailers or maybe you have some big indie announcements, some of the things that like we got a day of the death, you know, have it have a different kind of show and then do your big big award show.
It can be their daytime Emmys.
Yeah, exactly.
There's no reason not to.
Actually, you make me think about Summer Game Fest.
Move some awards to Summer Game Fest.
Especially things like the eSports Creator of the Year, things that don't have to do with game design.
What were you saying, Jamie?
I still think that it should be a winter event because you are summing up the year.
And anything can happen in that 6 month period.
Somebody out there is going to be quick to point out, oh, Rob, but esports people watch for that.
People are watching for the personalities.
People are watching to see their favorite name win.
And I suppose there could be some point to that, but I, I would be very curious to survey a wide swath of Game Award watchers and see what it really is that they're tuning in for.
And I bet esports personalities, not nearly the register that game trailers are, but I guess we'll never know unless we ask them.
Anyway, one other thing to ask about our gaming week.
So the types of things that we have been playing this week as opposed to just watching Game Awards on television.
So let's go to DarkSakura and talk about your gaming week.
How was your gaming week?
I played some Dead by Daylight.
Um, I, I've been playing a lot of Killer lately.
What else did I do?
I played Dreamlight Valley.
I've played Rudra no Hiho.
I finished Shion's first... Shion's scenario, and I'm on Risa's scenario.
And I'm actually really starting to see how the different stories are intertwined.
It's a pretty neat concept.
So I played a little bit of World Cup Soccer Pinball.
And, uh, yeah, that's really, that's really it.
Did some new stuff for YouTube because I've been neglecting it.
But mostly my time has been taken up by, uh, preparing for ballet recital next Saturday.
And, uh, and, uh, my, my new rotation at work.
So it's been taking a lot of attention.
I understand.
I've just had some days where I just haven't felt like sitting through a whole game.
DarkSakura, VoG Network, Ranma, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
All right, Loki, I know we talked a little bit about the Playdate, but how was your gaming week, Playdate or otherwise?
So, yeah, I did play a few games on the Playdate.
So one, the two games that come with it, the first unlocks, I guess, of season one.
So there is one that's called Casual Birder, and it is a bird photography game, which is kind of funny.
It's cute.
So that one was kind of neat.
There's like a little like RPG that goes along with it.
This one actually is kind of fun.
It's White Water Wipeout, and it's essentially surfing from California games, except you use the crank to steer.
So.
I mean, I immediately knew how to play that game, so that was awesome.
What else?
Oh, I did get a game called Gun Trails, and it is a bullet hell game.
It is hard for me to play that.
The screen is so tiny.
It is, you know, vertical scrolling game, but you know, the screen's not a vertical screen and it's, you know, obviously not backlit and I'm old.
So, um, I didn't do as well.
My son liked it though.
So that was, it's a very pretty looking game.
Um, so I'm going to check that out.
Um, I also got another one called P racing, which is basically kind of like a, um,
Along the lines of Pole Position, that type of game.
It's pretty cool, it's like a pseudo 3D racer.
Looking forward to checking out more stuff in there as well.
outside of the playdate i did play lethal company which is a brand new indie game kind of along the lines of like phasmophobia the premise is basically that you are part of this company to have to go raid these very dangerous planets for scrap and bring them back to this
It might as well be just one of the old ones, a Cthulhu-type, monster-type thing.
But it's certainly geared towards streamers and stuff, and the fact that there's just all sorts of dangerous things, you can't see anything very well, and the voice chat that's in there, it's all muffled like you're talking through your suit and stuff.
So that was a lot of fun to play that, and I'll probably have to go back and play that some more.
And then of course, you know, Minecraft stuff, been doing that.
So on the playdate, why did I get a playdate?
I got the itch again.
You know that itch.
I had an idea for something stupid, but then I'm actually not thinking of doing that anymore.
I may do something a little more straightforward.
I have to say though, it's a lot more complicated than I thought.
They have various ways to code games for it.
drag and drop editor type of thing that you can make some basic stuff with called Pulp.
And then you can actually code stuff in Lua.
And then if you really want to get more like performant, then you can do C. So I have to look and see how complicated a lot of stuff is.
But like one of the ideas I was looking at it the other day, because one of the things I wanted to find for it is like, hey, is there a mini golf game for this?
Because like that would be pretty cool.
There is not a mini golf game for it.
So like,
That could be something that we find the play around with.
So, I'm just gonna look at it.
I'm not committing to anything yet, but it might be something, you know.
But yeah, I did have, I had dumb ideas for that as well.
So we'll see.
I don't know.
All right.
I'm curious to see what you come up with.
I think that would be fun.
Yeah, we'll see.
All right.
I'm excited to hear you get in the itch again.
It's great.
Um, okay.
My gaming week.
So this is interesting.
Um, I've become a Fortnite gamer.
Uh, and I didn't think I'd ever say those words on the show.
Look, I've tried Fortnite before, but I just, I, I, I'm just not good at battle royale.
And I, I, I hate that it's,
I don't have like a tutorial I could just play by myself to learn how to play unless maybe that's in there now and I just haven't found it.
I think they might have that actually.
Yeah, maybe they do and I just haven't found that but I'm just yeah.
So I don't really care for the battle royale game itself.
But here's the thing.
Now Fortnite has all these extra things in it.
As of this week, they started launching other things within Fortnite.
So now we have, you might remember some time ago, Epic bought Harmonix, right, the makers of many different music games.
And this week, they launched Fortnite Festival.
And it's literally just Rock Band, but purple in Fortnite.
Now,
there's criticisms to be had about how much they're charging for songs they have like a free rotation and you can buy a battle pass if you want to get some that way or what but like I I don't I don't I'm not spending money on that there's plenty in the free rotation that rotate in and out every day that I can get my fill and that's that's what it is you play it like twice and then it's like okay I've had my fill I'm not gonna do like a marathon session but like
It has been kind of neat to just join like a random squad and somebody takes lead.
Somebody does vocals and so forth.
And there it is.
You just get right in the song.
Mike Def says, Oh, really?
Songs are locked in the battle pass.
Yeah, it does.
It does like a daily rotation, like a lot of games like that.
I get it.
It's a you have licensed music in a free to play game.
You have to charge for it.
I mean, it makes sense.
It's granted.
Yes, they're going to try to make a lot of money off of this as well.
But like, it's not unreasonable to think that
DarkSakura
is that Fortnite is like a portal, and Battle Royale or Battle Royale Zero Build, that is the game that all of you are calling Fortnite.
Fortnite is now a portal to all these other things as well.
Fortnite is almost like a virtual platform.
At this point, it's like a PlayStation 5, but online.
Yeah, just imagine like, for example, imagine that Fortnite is Roblox, but Roblox actually making their own games as well on top of it.
And it's also not Roblox because, you know, Roblox is kind of...
Meh.
But it is like that.
They're developing their own games for this now platform that they're making.
They have like indie developers as well on there making other things.
It's a platform where they can do that.
So that's kind of what they're doing here is they're like kind of showcasing and also, you know, monetizing.
Hey, look, we have a racing game.
We have a music game.
We have a survival building game.
We have, you know,
Battle Royale, look at all these things you can do.
It's working.
There were more people playing Lego Fortnite than anything else.
And by a wide margin, like if you combined Zero Build and regular Battle Royale, I think there were about a million people.
There were two million playing Lego Fortnite.
Lego Fortnite is Minecraft
And it's a little more what you would have thought, where you're beating up rocks to get wood, rocks, and then you go and you build.
It really is a lot like Minecraft.
I mean, Loki, you probably could give a better analysis on this.
But the one part that's different is that when you go to build something big, you actually do a virtual snapping of different blocks together to build it, which I
I did think was cute.
I thought that was a cute little, you know, thing to kind of like, otherwise, it's like, what the fuck does this have to do with Lego?
And then when you did that, I was like, Oh, okay, that's super cute.
I like that.
So yeah, I didn't play very much because you know, I was going back to the festival to get high scores.
But I played through a little bit of the tutorial.
Oh, yeah, I went too far away from the base.
And something like beat the shit out of me outside the base.
I was like, Okay, I wasn't supposed to be doing that yet.
So I have to kind of like start over I think.
So that's OK.
And I'll do that at some point.
But it's a very interesting start.
And I think this is catching a lot of people's attention right now.
Now, Loki, you had said last week, being in the Minecraft community, there's a lot of eyes on this, right?
Yeah, there is a lot of the people that stream Minecraft stuff.
Normally, we're all trying it out because it looked interesting.
So I haven't tried it out yet, but I mean, the gameplay videos looked interesting.
It's certainly not as
It's not as in-depth as Minecraft in the sense that you can't build absolutely anything.
It's kind of just like...
It's like Fortnite building, in a sense.
You can build walls and stuff like that.
Maybe you can change what those walls look like, but it's very limited.
You're not going brick by brick and doing all that stuff.
Which is fine, because sometimes it may be overwhelming for a lot of people.
They just want to build... I want to build a castle-looking thing.
I don't want to think about which blocks I should use, what makes it look good, and stuff.
I just want to do that.
And that's fine, because there's lots of other games, like Rust or...
Gosh, there's other survival games like that, I think maybe The Forest as well, where you don't necessarily have the individual brick by brick building, it's just building walls and stuff.
It's more accessible that way, I think.
Plus people like seeing their Fortnite skins as LEGO characters, and that's also fun.
Oh, but not Ariana Grande.
Only some of them are LEGO characters.
I think some of the big licenses are not LEGO characters.
But I will admit, I loved having in Fortnite Festival the fact that Ariana Grande could be in my band and actually play guitar to Lady Gaga is really funny.
So that part I enjoyed.
DarkTutsu in chat says I would be curious about the racing mode.
Yeah, that's on my radar to check out.
I just didn't get around to it yet.
So the Rocket League folks made Rocket Racing, which is now available in the Fortnite portal.
So Fortnite definitely made a calculated effort before this holiday season to launch some attention-grabbing original content that is not Battle Royale.
Seems to be working.
At least it did on me.
So it'll be interesting.
It reminds me a lot of like Grand Theft Auto Online, actually, because there's a lot of Grand Theft Auto Online stuff.
Like you may remember they have there's like, OK, so Grand Theft Auto Online, you can do like the whole crime stuff.
You can do
Thanks for watching!
With a couple people, you can do that as well.
So they're kind of catering stuff like, hey, I don't like Battle Royale, but I like racing.
And then now you're on their platform and you may play something else.
Or, hey, I don't like you.
I like music.
I'm going to play that.
100%.
That's the strategy.
That's it.
you got to appeal to the people that like things other than shooters and they got me for now anyway I don't know how long the festival you know will last but it does kind of make me think there's going to be more there's going to be more along these lines whether it's by themselves but we know that Fortnite has opened its platform to other people creating original games and content so it's going to be very interesting to see what happens long term with this but this is a heck of a start I will say that um
what else I want to say about the Fortnite stuff?
Oh, I wanted to say a very interesting kind of observation too, if you look at Epic Games and their history, like this is a weird full circle moment in a way for me and you know, observing, because obviously, you know, being the old men, Loki and I are and I only include Loki because we've we've reminisced about this game on the show before, is we used to play the shit out of a game called ZZT when we were like, what, how old?
By ZZT Universe.
Yeah.
And ZZT, for those that don't remember this game, ZZT was a game that, like, it was all done in ASCII art, and it was an adventure game that you could go around to do things, but it had the ZZT OOP, or Object Oriented Programming Language, and you could build your own ZZT maps.
ZZT
They had, they used to have a thing for people that were interested in ZZTV.
They had these levels that people made that they're basically like programming examples of like how to implement some like really wild things.
And one of those was like a first person maze type simulation thing.
I don't know if it was the first person shooter, but it was like a maze type thing.
And like later on, like other games, you know.
Sorry, I was thinking shooter more like centipede type of thing.
That type of shooter game.
I mean, there was shooting in ZZT, but yeah, I don't know about like actually like FPS, but yeah, you could do some pretty wild stuff with that.
And then, you know, it was also the other thing, too, is like their main game or whatever the game that came with it.
is like kind of a tutorial on how to build stuff as well.
So they had like a it was really exciting to be able to like just make your own things out of it.
It was really easy because it's just, you know, drawing with characters.
And then if you wanted to program stuff, cool.
If you didn't want to program stuff, you could just throw down enemies and just do whatever.
But like you really get in depth with it and do some crazy stuff if you wanted to.
So the funny thing is, is that for me, this almost feels like a full circle moment.
And you can when you consider, you know, Tim Sweeney is the president of Epic, CEO, and he made ZZT, right?
Like that.
He made that game.
So bring it back.
Yeah.
For all the talks that, you know, there's a lot to see.
And I want to make this clear.
I don't particularly care for Tim Sweeney.
A lot of the crap he says on social media.
And I wish he'd stop using it.
But, you know, so I certainly don't.
Agree with him on a lot of stuff.
I'm not exactly going to put him up on too high of a pedestal or what have you.
But ZZT was a very important game, especially for me growing up and it's very interesting to see this come full circle.
where now it's like, oh, now Fortnite is that game that has a base game, but you can program your own game in it.
It's a lot harder, but you can program your own game in it, and now it's becoming more than just the game that it was originally.
It's a very interesting, huh, kind of moment in games, for sure.
So anyway, I'll be curious how many of you I noticed in chat.
Bonds006 in chat says Robin Loki making a good argument for me to play Lego Fortnite.
I mean, I mean, it's we're not like you're not committing to like playing it forever.
You just testing it out.
It's free.
Why not?
I mean, I need to go try it out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't want to sound like a shill.
Maybe maybe we need an influencer code.
I don't know.
I don't want to sound like a shill, but at the same time, it's free.
What do you got to lose besides bandwidth?
If that's a concern for you, like, that's it.
Just don't give it money.
There you go.
And it's you can check it out.
So yeah, Fortnite's free.
And so the festival's free.
I mean, there will be plenty of opportunity for them to take your money.
But if you never input your credit card number, they can't take your money.
So something to think about.
Anyway.
All right, let's move on and get into some news of the week.
I was trying to think if I had any programming announcements.
I don't right now.
I still need to work with you folks off air on what the holidays are going to look like.
But until we're there, let's just move on with the news and we will get into it.
So Loki, I mean, all this talk of the Game Awards and all this other stuff.
totally forgot there's another kind of big deal thing that happened this week, especially in your world.
I know you want to talk about this, Loki.
Let's talk about the Grand Theft Auto 6 trailer.
Finally, it was released early even because it leaked out because, you know, that's how we roll nowadays is leaks, leaks, leaks.
But yeah, it's definitely been viewed by a lot of people setting records as one of the most viewed videos, I think.
in 24 hours.
Yeah, they had quite a few.
It beat out Mr. Beast at 59.4 million.
And I don't remember what the total amount was.
I think it was like 100 million people viewed that.
It was a lot.
Yeah, 100 million views in 24 hours.
So it was incredible.
Especially when you consider that they had to release it early because of the leak.
They still were able to shatter, you know, all these records.
Exactly.
And what I think of it, it looks incredible.
It is unfortunately going to be a long wait until 2025 for when it comes out.
But I mean, it is it is going to be groundbreaking as far as visuals go.
And I mean, just even the animations, everything are just it's ridiculous to see how far they pushed it.
A little disappointed that it's only a console.
Thankfully, I do have a console that can play it.
So like that, that is a good thing, at least.
but yeah, it's important to say it's only on console for now because they know people are going to double dip so they can mod it when it's on PC.
I know that's what's going to happen.
Yeah, but it is going to be the first Grand Theft Auto with a female protagonist, which is interesting.
So we know of two protagonists right now in that kind of almost like a Bonnie and Clyde type thing.
So it's funny.
That's funny.
The leak a few months ago said the same thing.
Well, I mean, it was gameplay.
So yeah, I would imagine that it's accurate.
I want to know what this Instagram or TikTok parody stuff is because they have this full on like Instagram parody stuff.
And I'm like, dang, this looks really funny.
And like the guy in the thong watering his lawn and like just all and all of it is based off of real videos, too.
Well, and like they're all like inspired by them.
Okay, because if Grand Theft Auto is based, excuse me, if Vice City is based off of Miami, then you have to have Florida residents featured in the game.
Sorry, TigerClaw.
Sorry, TigerClaw and all our other people that live in Florida.
But you know, it's true.
You know, it's true.
Yeah.
And then, of course, you know, along with that, of course, 100 million people seeing it.
You know, it also boosted Love is a Long Road by Tom Petty because, you know, people listen to the trailer songs all the time.
And he says it's basically increased the Spotify streams by 37,000 percent compared to last week.
So that's a lot.
He'll get two more nickels this month.
What else?
Yeah, so basically we were talking about how it's confirmed for just PlayStation 5 and Xbox X and S. I would not be surprised if it's just X only because I don't think it can run on S.
I probably it probably is just a lower resolution.
It probably only runs at 720 on S. Yeah, we'll see.
I would not be surprised, though.
I would not be surprised if we get to that point and Microsoft goes, Listen, not everything is going to be compatible on both systems, but we'll see.
I don't know.
Maybe I could be wrong.
But yeah, it is going to be a a long way, but I am very excited to see what they do with it.
It looks incredible.
Yeah, I mean, like, you know, I don't super get into Grand Theft Auto games the same way everybody else does.
But you can't look at that and go, wow, the graphics in this, the graphics in this are fucking stunning.
Like just like the amount of like pedestrians and stuff like they were showing.
I mean, it's not like an even example, but they were showing like, you know, Spider-Man 2, which just came out and their beaches are completely empty.
I mean, obviously, it's
I think that takes place around Christmas time anyways, or in the winter, so why would people be on the beaches?
It's not only the variety of the player models.
The density of the different people on the beaches, just everything going on, like all of the animals, just like crazy amounts of everything in there.
And it's only gonna get better by the time we get to it.
Like that's the thing.
So it's gonna be very cool to see.
Alright, well 2025, it's quite a wait, but that's if they make it.
2025 could get delayed, right?
We'll see.
Hopefully not.
I mean, you know what?
It's fine.
Take your time.
Cause like, honestly, it's gonna be great.
All right, well, this is gonna come out a lot sooner than Grand Theft Auto VI, I'm sure.
Although I guess we don't necessarily have a guarantee on that, but I think we'll see this soon.
It is the next Gold Master Series game.
So I've been talking about this a little bit because I really enjoyed Gold Master Series 1, which of course is Digital Eclipse, I guess now Atari in a way.
They're really thorough Criterion Edition type walkthroughs of gaming history.
and 001 was the making of Karateka, which was a great, you know, again, if you haven't checked it out yet, even if you don't care for Karateka, I just think the way it's set up as a museum, I think it's really well done and really worth your time as an exhibit to look at and check out.
And we've been curious what game is 2 going to be?
What game is 2 going to be?
And as it turns out, plot twist, 2 is not going to be a game.
Goldmaster Series 2 is Llamasoft, the Jeff Minter Story
There's of course going to be a Switch version.
It'll be on all the consoles.
And this is, you know, they say, Jeff Minter, weird, wild, 42 games from eight different platforms, including the Sinclair ZX81, the Commodore VIC-20,
The Commodore 64, where you can play things like Mama Llama, Hellgate, Gridrunner was one of his big games, Attack of the Mutant Camels, Revenge of the Mutant Camels, 1 and 2, Sheep in Space, you know, these are all.
You get Sinclair Spectrum games.
You get Atari 8-bit games.
Again, Gridrunner, Attack of the Mutant Camels.
This is the really cool thing.
You get to play Konix Multi System.
That hardware never came out.
It was canceled.
But on the Konix Multi System, you will get to play Attack of the Mutant Camels 89.
So that's rad right there.
On the Atari ST, Llamatron 2112, Revenge of the Mutant Camels, Super Grid Runner.
And then one double dip from Atari 50, because Jeff Minter was a huge part of, Tempest 2000, and why that game was, you know, as unique as it was.
So you will get that in this collection.
as well.
So it is a double dip, but I'm totally okay with it.
What?
What?
Recharge.
Yes.
Super Zapper Recharge.
I love that game.
I was playing that at Atari 50 the other day.
I have yet to fire up Atari 50 with the extra games, but we'll get to that later.
But anyway.
A little aside.
A little aside.
Yeah.
Every time either Dan and I grab the cat, we go, got you.
The other one of us goes, ah!
It's true.
Yeah, no, which is a play on Tempest 2000 for those that don't know.
Yeah, no, this is this is going to be a great collection.
I'm really excited about it.
They also do reimagined games.
So you might remember that in the making of Karateka- First level music is stuck in my head now.
Light Synthesizers, Psychedelia, and ColorSpace.
Fully playable with all new console controls.
Shroom's not included.
We knew this coming out, but we didn't know too much about it.
We still don't know too much about it.
So, Behavior Interactive, the makers of Dead by Daylight and Supermassive Games are making a baby.
A really hideous, bloody, gappy baby.
What we had known before was that there was going to be a game set in the Dead by Daylight universe outside of the Entity's realm.
But we didn't know that much about it.
So it was sort of like realm adjacent.
What we are getting is a game called The Casting of Frank Stone.
And I mean,
Oh, the guy, his full get up in the trailer just gives me the vibes of what I call the Trapper's Moltar outfit.
It's an old school welding helmet, you know, very Moltar from Space Ghost, you know, and with chains around them and a leather apron and all of this and apparently some crazy murderer.
The website is pretty neat because you go through and you click on little clues on the main page and it walks you through just a little hint of the story.
There's the trailer, and I swore one of the people I thought was Meg, but it's not Meg.
No, none of the characters from DBD are in this trailer.
I know, but it was Meg hair.
Maybe it's her mom.
Anyway, um, the, the trailer starts off with, um, and, and I do think that, that people should, you know, go spend a little time to watch it.
Um, but it starts off sort of like a film strip with the film grain.
And it seems almost like it's set maybe in the seventies or early eighties.
Impression, Rob?
Ah, yeah, I could see that.
It's hard to tell from the little blip that we saw, but I could see that.
Like, um... ...found a steel mill, and these four individuals are walking into it.
And yeah, I agree with SSJ100, Matt, it gives me a Grindhouse feel to it.
But they go in, and then they're caught up in whatever happens.
I mean, I have a feeling that if the vehicles didn't give me a proper clue as to the age of the game, that I think that maybe some are flashbacks that might have been set in the 70s or 80s.
We have a modern group going into the abandoned shutdown mill from what it looks like.
looking in, oh, it's Cedar Steel Corporation.
Now, one thing that I think is interesting is in looking through some of these screenshots, there is an industrial generator in one of the pictures that seems very reminiscent of Dead by Daylight.
Yeah, I noticed the hooker or something like that, too, in the trailer that they had.
I don't know if that matters.
I'm sorry, it's cutting out because I'm still having RAM leaks.
Oh, I was gonna say, I noticed that they also showed the hook from Dead by Daylight in the trailer as well.
So, I mean, it's like, oh, hey, Tamsin, it relates.
The meat hooks are definitely there.
Now, I have theories, because the last scene of the trailer, or one of the last ones,
giant spider leg coming out of the sky.
And we know that the entity is made up of 120% spider legs.
I have a theory.
I have a theory about about the story.
You'll see if I'm right.
Yeah, go for it, please.
I believe the entity was dormant.
Sort of dormant.
The Hellmouth from Buffy
Basically, the entity took and went to, you know, go through time and space and dimension and grab victims.
I mean, I think maybe it was doing something a little bit different before, but the modern iteration, I think could have been this Frank guy's influence.
Interesting.
So, yes.
Well, we'll see in 2024 when the game comes out.
Or maybe it's what brought the entity to our world.
Maybe.
Alright, well, I'm curious to check this game out.
I have to admit, I like Until Dawn and the Quarry, although I watch people play them.
I haven't played them myself, so I'll be curious to check this one out and see how much it...
I will play the hell out of this.
I'm wondering if they don't end up putting this killer because he just he looks like he could be the welder a new killer in Dead by Daylight.
So I wonder if they don't end up putting him in DVD anyway as like a crossover or if that would be a weird like like they're they're very intentionally trying to preserve the boundary between this game and Dead by Daylight.
I don't know.
Be interesting to see.
All right.
Well, we I would also think
A narrative game that has to do with a survivor support group like people who have found evidence about their loved ones over the last I'd say maybe 50 to 60 years who have gone missing you know and this is kind of based off a fanfic that I read that I really like because like
In the story, they had all the survivors coming in kind of in release order and Meg losing her shit when Jane Romero shows up, who was, you know, very famous when Meg was still, you know, who had, quote, died when Meg was, you know, a younger, a younger girl.
or Jeff recognizing the Legion kids because he went to school with them.
Just starting to put it together, but I would think that for the people who were still going on with actual chronological time, they have an investigation game.
Interesting.
Well, we'll, again, we'll we'll see when the game comes out.
How everything relates together.
All right.
Um, let's move on and get to our next story, which is quite the bummer, Loki.
Yeah, so Nintendo has decided to cancel its major event in Japan, so Nintendo Live 2024 Tokyo has been postponed, or at least, I don't think it's outright canceled, but they've postponed it to an unspecified date yet, because of course, people being the
beacons of responsibility that they are they decided to go ahead and have death threats or threats against Nintendo employees and spectators and so because of that they had to postpone the event because
Thanks for watching!
some people's children it's it's really unfortunate it's ridiculous yeah i i don't blame them for doing it but it's it sucks that you know they they have to take this abundance of caution in the first place because people can't you know can't have nice things that's it yeah
All right, well, let's move on to talking about a little bit of good news, especially if you own the Atari 50 collection, which I brought up a little bit earlier.
But we mentioned on last week's show that the game was going to be getting a free holiday update, and that update did hit this week.
So we actually know
What free additional games came to Atari 50, which include Adventure 2, which was a homebrew.
Bowling, Double Dunk, Maze Craze, Miniature Golf, Moto Rodeo.
Those were all for the 2600.
And then there was Aquaventure and Save Mary.
Those are also prototypes of the 2600.
Super Football for the 2600.
Circus Atari for 2600 and Return to Haunted House, which is also a homebrew for the 2600.
So there are some original things like the types of things you would have seen.
I think some of the flashbacks, I know one of the flashback consoles had Adventure 2 for sure.
Also, even though pretty much all of them were 2600, there is a single Lynx game that they added.
Warbirds was also added to the collection as well.
So that's, that's kind of fun.
So I don't think I played that one.
Yeah.
Um, but yeah, if you have, yeah, if you have the Atari 50 collection, this is something you can pick up now, which is pretty cool.
I did not get around to it this week, but I'm looking forward to checking it out at some point.
And I love that it's just free.
We love the low price of free.
All right, moving on, DarkSakura.
It doesn't.
So, this is what I was referring to when I was agreeing with Rob about children.
First of all, Activision, Epic, and other video game developers, including Roblox, are being hit with a lawsuit because
A nine-year-old became addicted to games like Fortnite, Call of Duty, and Grand Theft Auto.
It was filed in Chicago federal court on December 6th, so a few days ago for us.
It said that video game addiction is, and I'll quote, an epidemic harming our nation's youth.
I need to send in things to Bloomberg because Bloomberg has a typo in their article.
Anyway.
feedback loops and reward systems that ensure maximal playing time by young users.
They go into microtransactions, they go psychology behind it, you know, using behavioral psychology,
This complaint sounds like it's written like a tweet more, a tweet longer.
I'm just going to read this.
The schemes use psychological mechanisms, behavioral psychology, and neuroscience to encourage repeated play and increase spending among users, especially among vulnerable populations like minors.
They use those terms like they just don't know what they mean.
A lot of these could be wrapped up.
Anyway, that's, um, I don't like poorly worded things.
Um, the, uh, the nine-year-old in question who goes by DG, this is another quote, experienced severe emotional distress, diminished social interactions, loss of friends, poor hygiene, and withdrawal symptoms such as rage, anger, and physical outbursts.
That he was playing, uh, six to eight hours a day across multiple platforms.
that other kids were having some of the same issues.
You know, the companies are patenting more technology to deceive and harm society's most vulnerable, being minors, while lining their own pockets.
Yeah.
They also say that claims that say otherwise are not rooted in fact and ignore the reality that billions of people globally of all ages and backgrounds enjoy playing video games and do so in a healthy, balanced way.
First of all,
Angelili vs Activision Blizzard Inc.
There, there's a, um, there were other attorney, uh, their attorneys also, uh, file, well, their law firm, sorry, uh, Bullock Ward Mason LLC filed, uh, other addiction suits in Arkansas against the same defendants, uh, about a month or so ago.
Okay.
I have, I have thoughts.
Number one, dear parent.
Who was it that set their kid in front of the video game system and decided it was going to become their babysitter?
Who was it that didn't set up boundaries to begin with?
Who is responsible for your child?
It's you!
I understand that one expects the companies to have some sort of, you know, warning or maybe something like that, but I'm going to use an extreme analogy here, so hear me out.
When there is a firearm in the house,
Does anybody know what you're supposed to do with a firearm to make it safe?
Give it to the cat.
Oh, no?
You give it to the cat.
Chuckle it in the air.
You make sure the safety is on.
You put it in a locker.
Okay.
If you leave this under your pillow with the safety off, and someone comes in and...
puts their head on your pillow and it shoots them in the head.
I'm just throwing that out.
Who's at fault there?
The person at fault is the person that left the gun out, with the safety off, under a fucking pillow.
Alright, extreme analogy, right?
But I think it still goes in line.
Yeah, the video game companies, you know, a lot of them do have a warning that come up, have rating systems on them.
I think they are now required to say if they involve transactions, right?
I think so, yeah.
So then they have done what they need to do.
And of course, the point of their side of the industry is to make money.
It's capitalism.
It's to make an entertaining thing that people are going to want to play and keep playing, right?
So whose responsibility is it that brings this device into the house?
Let's not set safety protocols for it.
Yeah, I'm surprised my parents didn't sue Nickelodeon under these same guidelines, because I sat there for hours and hours and watched Nickelodeon growing up.
But you know what?
I turned out okay.
And there was a point, all joking aside, where my parents did set boundaries with that stuff, as parents should do.
This is a frivolous lawsuit that just shows you everything that's wrong with the legal system in this country.
The law office that's bringing this up should honestly have their legal license revoked.
It's that frivolous.
Why are we allowing these fucking serial
for profit, people that file these things, these, you know, legal things to continue to flourish.
It's bullshit.
You know, like laugh this out of court the way it ought to be.
And, you know, make an example of this fucking legal team.
And I whatever about the parent, they are being used.
It is the lawyer's fault.
The family is being used by these legal folks.
Let's let's be 100% clear about that.
That is what's happening.
But I'm sure that the parent had to have sought legal action to begin with.
So the parent walked right into it.
They denied their own personal responsibility and are letting themselves be taken advantage of because of it.
So they're both to blame.
And they see dollar signs.
Because I'm sure they've been sweet talked into how much they stand to make.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not I'm not going to take any of that off of off of the parents.
I am not going to deny them of the responsibility they have for getting themselves in that situation.
No, sure.
At the end of the day, they are when you when you give away your morals to get into an immoral situation.
Yeah, you are responsible.
So, yeah, I do.
I do agree.
They are not absolved of any responsibility.
I'm just saying it's the law office is ought to have ramifications here, too.
And they won't.
And.
Well, and here's the other thing, too.
Almost the same thing that they're accusing the video game companies of, that's what the attorneys are doing to them, right?
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
You know?
They think that this is gonna make them, you know, a tipper gore or something, you know?
And get them the big media attention and, you know... I have a lot of thoughts about this as well, simply because
There's something that they're not also taking into account.
Yeah, they say kids are vulnerable.
Do you know why kids are vulnerable to stuff like this?
Especially playing a game that is for all intents and purposes under their age range.
Call of Duty, Grand Theft Auto, nine years old.
So here's the other factor about that.
This child is not the target audience for these games.
Okay.
Second of all,
And this has actually been shown, now it, this is just psychologically, chemically speaking, it lasts longer in typical males than it does in females and, you know, assigned at birth who were physically assigned that at birth, because that's part of chemistry.
Is it the way that the mind is wired?
When you are a child, it is wired for instant gratification.
You know, if you're going to say, hey, do you want this ice cream or do you want to save the ice cream money and go get, you know, a Super Nintendo later?
I just threw it out there.
A nine year old kid is probably going to say, no, I want the ice cream, you know, or I want them both.
Can I have them both?
To be honest.
And the turnover of that starts phasing out when you hit your teens.
And for most males, the top of the age range is about 27.
For females, it's about 24.
Not too much of a difference off.
But it has to deal with the way that the brain is wired.
That's all it is.
And if you have a child,
who is wired for instant gratification playing a game that is not meant for their age, well of course you're going to have a problem, you know?
I could go into the psychology.
This is part of something I've written a paper on.
I doubt anyone listening disagrees.
It's just one of those things where you just shake your head and go, what a colossal waste of fucking time.
And it's just, it's unfortunate.
And I'm sorry, I really was trying to avoid being insensitive and bringing up biological factors.
So by all means, that was not my intention.
I was trying to
to speak about biological wiring
What happens when you sell stuff on consignment?
Exactly.
Well, it's funny though, when you read the comments and they're like, what the hell are you talking about?
Like, if anything, they're pushing more, you know, competition anyways, because on PC, there's multiple platforms.
Hell, even within Steam, you can get codes in multiple different places at different prices.
Like, oh God, it's so stupid.
It's so dumb.
I get it.
I never once gave humanity credit for having mass intelligence.
It's a handful that I think... I'm gonna just stop there, it makes me sad.
Alright, well let's move on and talk about what's apparently going on at Bungie, Loki.
Yeah, so Bungie apparently hasn't been selling enough of those, whatever the equivalent of money is on the Destiny platform, because they are 45% below their 2023 forecast.
And as part of the deal when Sony had acquired Bungie,
They were going to remain an independent subsidiary, assuming they could hit those targets.
And so now, being that they are falling well below those targets, there is the...
I don't know, threat the possibility or real possibility that Sony is going to take them over, get rid of the board and basically run the company as their own instead of allowing them to maintain independence.
Along with that, though, is more of a cost cutting and cost savings.
The company has been
They put themselves in a hiring freeze, they have crackdown on annual cost of living adjustments to salaries, no holiday bonuses, as well as layoffs.
And so this will only continue until, I guess, they get things under control.
And of course, that isn't great for morale.
But, you know.
Um, perhaps I need more education on the subject from, you know, people that actually work there and so forth.
However, there is a part of me that kind of goes, well, after Bungie laid off those folks, and again, it's never, you know, the hires up to hear that Sony is about to come in and lay off the board.
actually kind of sounds like sweet justice to me, uh, in a way.
And I, I failed to sit here and see how, well, that's, you know, I, but I do get morale, you know, and I wouldn't want to see, and I wouldn't want to see folks that are on the front lines be affected, which in this type of situation might be.
I'd want to be very clear.
It's only this part where I'm like, oh, well, if they're going to come in and sack the board,
Yeah, I would think that yeah, I would think the morale is not coming from the sacking of the board.
I think it's more of the layoffs and the lack of of salary and payments and bonuses.
I don't think they could give a damn about which are all reasons why maybe the board ought to be sacked.
Exactly.
I would agree.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see what happens here.
But
I mean, you know, if it's under poor direction, then maybe that's the way they got to go.
Just like I'm getting vibes of the Microsoft Activision merger.
Like, again, not a big fan of the big fish eating the other big fish, but like getting Bobby Kotick out.
which
Like Redfall was not great.
And so now I think Microsoft is going to be taking more of a more hand on approach with that studio and some of the stuff that they're doing versus kind of letting them do whatever.
By the way, since you brought that up, you know, they they showed up, that studio showed off the Blade trailer, which looked really ironic.
which I I'm not but what was what I thought was interesting about it they they mentioned oh it's from the creators of uh uh Deathloop and you know that they did not even mention Redfall they did not they wrote that one off boy I was like oh okay so yeah but the blade trailer looked good well it's funny though it's like it's like vampire vampire game with vampire game I mean
Yeah, I kinda thought that too.
I was like, so are they just like re-skinning Redfall?
I know they're not, but I thought it was... I also caught the similarities.
All right, well, we'll see what develops on the Bungie front.
This could be very interesting.
Meanwhile, going back to the Game Awards for a minute.
Look, y'all know at this point, if you've been listening to the show for a while, y'all know the types of games that I enjoy.
And one game that I really enjoy is No Man's Sky.
And we got to find out what is the next game that's coming from Hello Games, the creators of No Man's Sky.
Light No Fire
maybe on one planet as opposed to an entire galaxy.
Because I remember distinctly relating it to the third expedition of No Man's Sky, which did that.
It started on one planet and you had to do all these things on the planet.
It was a lot less focused on what you did in outer space.
And essentially, guess what?
Light No Fire is kind of that.
It takes place on one planet,
of course we don't really know everything because we see dragons in the trailer but we also see some more modern... it's like a fantasy earth I guess... yeah space looking things so we really don't really know everything but we definitely see some parallels to No Man's Sky as well the logo that you see towards the end looks a lot like the atlas from No Man's Sky so again I don't know if these games are directly related but
Fuck, this looks good.
And I'm really now again, of course, everybody is going, well, remember when No Man's Sky came out?
I would say, though, that they have this many years experience.
Exactly.
They're not going to.
Yeah, I think they're coming from a much different place now.
And I would expect that, you know, they they they had a very important label at the beginning.
And that said, it was captured all in game footage.
and a multiplayer and a multiplayer.
So and they've been working on this for five years, I think they said.
So I do feel like they have kept it in their pants, so to speak, a little better this time than maybe they did with No Man's Sky.
And a huge part of that is the fact that there's no Sony logo on this.
or Microsoft logo, to be fair, or any other company's logo on this.
Hello Games is going to produce this on their own.
And I think that's going to be a huge part of how they can avoid making the same mistake twice.
They didn't put a release date on it, so they're not, you know, backed in anything yet.
So we'll see.
The graphics looked incredible.
So I imagine it must be a PlayStation 5, Xbox Series game.
PC, it has to be.
I don't know if it will be Switch, but if Hello Games maybe got their hands on a Switch 2, maybe they're looking at that instead.
So, you know, it's still a long ways out.
But yeah, as a No Man's Sky fan,
This trailer was hot.
I was very happy to see it.
It was a hot trailer.
I was very happy to see it.
So I'm excited to check it out.
But you know what, Sean Murray and everybody at Hello Games, take the time to get it right.
It is all good.
They also inserted a little footnote in there too at the Game Awards.
They're not done updating No Man's Sky either.
And they showed just a brief little clip.
And it looked like the base that the ship was flying out of was way different than anything we've seen in the game yet.
So there's there's still improvements they're making to No Man's Sky as well.
And I think that's important to point out.
Questbuster in chat says, I just hope it will be fun.
You know what?
Video games ought to be fun.
And I agree, you know, as much as I
Stan No Man's Sky at this point.
I agree if the game's not fun, I don't want to play it.
But I'm I'm it sure looks pretty.
It looks fun for my brain and my audio visual senses like ooh, pretty and flying.
So Questmaster says as a side note, all No Man's Sky expeditions are running this month in case anyone missed any.
I missed that announcement.
Oh my gosh, do you have a link to more details?
Is it on a schedule?
I know I'm serious.
I fucking need to catch up on like every fucking expedition from this year.
So yeah, I'm into that.
Quest Buster, drop the link.
I need to look at more.
I well, this is what I don't use the the bird app anymore.
And I used to, you know, keep an eye on the No Man's Sky account.
And now I miss him if they don't make their way over to Blue Sky.
So it's alright.
It is what it is.
I
Alright, um, let's take a trip down memory lane.
Let's take a trip down memory lane to a game that is super fun in our next segment.
Let's get to the bump.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And DarkSakura, what did you pick for the game this week?
I picked a game that came out this month.
And let me know if you're ready to start feeling like, huh, really?
The game I picked is Deadpool.
Yeah, we haven't had one of these pics in a while where it's like, this game just turned 10 years old, so it qualifies.
Yes.
Um, it was developed by High Moon Studios, published by Activision, um, for Windows, digital format only, PS3, Xbox 360.
It came out in June 2013.
Anyway, um, it basically follows Deadpool working with X-Men, working with Cable,
and trying to stop a scheme of Mr. Sinister.
Other stuff that happens.
And this is totally a Deadpool game.
Fourth wall breakage.
Everything.
You name it, it's there.
It got some extra views.
The humor was definitely up there, but the gameplay was not so good, and I can vouch for that.
A lot of the games, though, that had the Marvel license by Activision was delisted and removed in 2014, and then it was brought back in 2016.
just through Steam and the PlayStation Store as download content only in the US markets.
It was re-released on November 18, 2015 for PS4 and Xbox One to coincide with the movie's release.
And then it was removed again due to licensing in 2017.
It is very hack and slash, third person, you know, um, you fight enemies with melee weapons and guns.
You do combos, you, you know, go through the story, get upgrade points, learn stuff, and, uh, basically just shit talk everybody cause you're a Deadpool.
Um, some of his weapons apart from the guns and swords are giant hammers, plasma guns, um, furniture, um,
So, we know he heals, but in-game the way this works is that you have to prevent further damage in order to recover.
You have stealth segments, you have to be vigilant.
Although, if you use gun stealth, it tells everybody where you are because it's a fucking gun.
A little bit of the plot of the game.
It's a pitch for the most awesome game ever, starring himself, and the studio rejects it.
The same studio that made the game.
So he sets off explosives at the studios and forces them to cooperate.
And then he hires Nolan North as his voice actor!
...actor in many things.
And so, he goes out to assassinate this media person
basically blows his budget all in the first mission.
So, uh, the rest of it, you know, uh, basically fighting budget issues while going through the rest of the game and recruiting, you know, uh, X-Men, uh, some of X-Force, uh, going to Geonosha, crashing a plane.
Um, but anyway, um,
I'm not gonna go too much into it, but it's there for a story and very Deadpool.
The story I thought was pretty okay.
It was announced in 2012 at San Diego Comic-Con with only a trailer, and people were like, yeah!
And then Marvel let out the article about it right after.
And it was written from Deadpool's point of view.
And then, uh...
It went, it was like, I love how it was this total like...
augmented thing.
For the record, no one special 77 who says, but are there chimichangas in the comics?
And I'm specifically referring to Cable and Deadpool.
So few years ago, um, that he does not like chimichangas, but likes the word chimichanga.
That is canonical.
People forget that.
I don't forget that because I know comics.
Anyway,
The game was created in Unreal Engine 3.
The budget was $100 million, so it was one of the most expensive video games ever developed.
There was a censored version of the trailer.
They had an actor dressed up as Deadpool showing up on stage and everything.
I mean, there was some pretty clever marketing for this.
And it was actually written by Daniel Leigh, who basically had been a longtime Deadpool author.
I mean, like, his biggest works were Wolverine Origins, Deadpool,
So, I mean, some pretty good stuff there.
Worked on Spider-Man for a while.
Bunch of different, uh, he also worked on Agent X with, if no one's read that series, it's a really good little side, uh, footnote in Deadpool lore.
Um, so going back, uh, you know, there were, there were contests, there were all kinds of stuff.
Um.
And, you know, it was successful.
I mean, the game, I think, sold fairly well.
You know, like I said, there was that issue going on with the licensing that I think really kicked it in the ass.
So, it did receive some mixed reviews.
Um, I mean, everyone liked the story.
They liked the humor.
You know, it was very true to the comics.
The controls and gameplay were just not where it was.
I mean, I- I- I will tell you this.
The controls sucked for me.
They sucked.
Um, and yeah, I did find it pretty repetitive.
It was, you know... Part- parts also where the- the-
part of the game and they actually mention this in what I'm reading where he leaves the camera behind and you have to pick up the camera and follow him.
So I think just a really annoying part but I mean the rest of it was I mean for me it was the story and the humor in that that made it fun but the game itself that it just wasn't fun to play.
If you really want to enjoy this game, watch someone else play it.
I'm going to be honest.
I'm going to be perfectly honest.
Thankfully, Twitch and YouTube let us do that.
Indeed, indeed.
I love that Hitmonkey was in this game, though.
And Bob, Agent of Hydra, who is one of my favorite characters.
All right.
Well, is that it for Deadpool?
That's it for Deadpool!
all right that's science uh let's move on and we've got some more stories for you i know we've had some uh shows with less stories lately but we have a few more for you tonight uh we're gonna start it off though of course with some rapid fire news oh real quick i'll put in a rapid thing myself here because i was reading that link that um quest buster dropped in chat about the no man's sky expeditions so who excuse me burp see i had soda um
They are running for just a week a piece.
So Utopia, which was the first expedition, is running right now, which thankfully I already finished that one or I'd be pissed I'm getting a late start.
But there were less expeditions this year.
There were only three.
So they're actually rerunning one of them, the very first one I believe it was, which was Cartographers.
That is going to run
The 22nd of December through the 29th of December.
So the week of Christmas, essentially.
That is going to be... And if you have never done that one, which if you are a Switch player, you didn't have the opportunity because the Switch version didn't come out until a little later.
I would urge you to pay attention to this Cartographer's one because the reward is the Golden Vector ship.
That is like the best ship you can get in your inventory to jumpstart any game.
So that one is worth paying attention to, if nothing else.
So keep an eye out for that.
Alright, um, let's now get into some actual rapid fire news.
Sorry, uh, Loki, why don't you start us off?
Yes, so I think we even talked about that this was coming, but John Romero has finally released Sigil 2, which you can get at Romero.com.
And it's basically a brand new level pack for Doom.
And it's a complete new campaign, free of charge, the best cost
Um, and actually I think Sigil 2 is also, uh, yeah, Doom 2 episode is available as well.
So I guess, I don't, is this for Doom or Doom 2?
I don't know.
One of them it is for.
Um, so that's awesome.
And that was for Doom's 30th anniversary.
And then of course, along with that, uh, we have this really cool mod where someone has modded Wolfenstein 3D into Doom 2.
Uh, which is pretty crazy into that engine.
I mean,
Yeah, I guess it makes sense.
I was going to say, yeah, with all the bonus levels in there.
So that makes sense that you could do that.
But it's cool that, you know, people put in games and other games.
Love it.
I just remember doing the level skip, and I want to say it was like level 37 or 47, something like that, was a Wolfenstein level that you would otherwise, I think, need a special door to get to.
Yeah, I remember playing that.
I remember that, too.
Yeah.
Nintendo Switch Online has gotten some updates, so we have some brand new games, well, brand new to the service games that are available there.
So from the Nintendo 64, we have Harvest Moon 64 and Jet Force Gemini that are joining, as well as 1080 degree snowboarding.
So that's pretty cool.
Check those out if you have the
I think you have to have the expansion pass for that though.
Yeah, for those systems.
DarkSakura?
So, it has been confirmed.
No further sequels to the open world Legend of Zelda series, so Tears of the Kingdom is going to be it after Breath of the Wild.
There will be no more
No more in that specific aspect of the series.
So, that's it.
Basically, Aonuma said, and I'm just going to read this, as I've mentioned previously, with Tears of the Kingdom, we were seeking to build on top of the world we created in Breath of the Wild and really exhaust the possibilities of what we could put into that world.
I think it is, to use a bit of a term, an apotheosis, or the final form of that version of The Legend of Zelda.
In that regard, I don't think that we'll be making a direct sequel to a world such as that we've created.
If anyone does not know what apotheosis means, it means basically to ascend as a deity.
I think that's a pretty good term for it.
play into that hardware twist in one way or another.
If you think about it, Breath of the Wild was kind of built with the Wii U in mind, even though, yeah, obviously it ended up being a little more associated as a Switch game.
But, you know, and then as DarkSakura was reading there in the quote, Tears of the Kingdom was essentially the best version of Breath of the Wild because it wasn't limited by anything Wii U, right?
It was really only for the Switch.
So there was that.
And so I think wherever they go with the next hardware, it's just going to be just going to be different.
And that's OK.
And yeah, Tigerclaw also points out there is a little bit of a pattern maybe.
There's usually like two Zelda games that are from the same universe before they do another reboot set in another universe.
So maybe kind of a throwback to like Ocarina of Time, Majora's Mask sort of thing.
So yeah, maybe.
You know what else came out the year that Deadpool came out was A Link Between Worlds.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, that was I'd love for them to go back and do that kind of game.
Technically the second
Yeah, technically is the second.
And you know, we did get the remake of the Game Boy game, you know, so we did get that 2.5 Zelda on that one was pretty good.
Yeah, and that was pretty good.
So there's there's room for all types of Zeldas.
If I recall correctly, though, I think that also is in the link to the past universe.
Um, I don't, well, the Link Between Worlds was, I don't think, uh, the Game Boy one was.
I think they just did it in that art style for the remake.
Yeah.
Well, but, and they, they did that one, but then they also did, uh, Seasons and Ages.
So there was, uh, there was that later, but.
Well, no, I was more referring, cause I know that it was just that they started making the game and then got the go ahead.
Might be a little bit.
are a little bit late on the date for it.
I actually think that it was around Zelda 2.
Go back and look it up.
Alright, well let's move on.
I just have a quick story here for Rapid Fire News, and it has to do with a new thing that they've added to Splatoon 3.
And it's actually causing some issues for folks with photosensitivity and sensory issues.
It's called the Splatter Color Screen, and it's a new special weapon.
It creates a large ink barrier that will damage players when they walk through it.
And the game will end up swapping from normal colors to grayscale and it has a sound effect that goes with that as well.
So I mean it all it sounds very interesting but if you have a photosensitivity or sensory issue apparently this the what happens with this can
cause, and reports are coming in about strain, dizziness, migraines, and even fainting on top of that.
And color blindness is also having some issues with the screen as well.
You know, Nintendo is usually pretty good about addressing these sorts of situations with a patch.
So hopefully, you know, there'll be an accessibility setting, or they just kind of maybe change a little bit.
Maybe, maybe I haven't seen the effect myself.
So I don't know if it's just too intense, or something what's happening there.
But as you should with any video game, if you start to feel unwell,
Meanwhile, let's travel the world and check out some release dates.
Hammerwatch 2 and Nintendo Switch on PS5, Ready or Not on PC, Boston Knights on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series
Bulletstorm VR on PC, PlayStation VR 2 and Quest 2.
We have Custom Mech Wars on PC and PlayStation 5.
Nosea on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Granblue Fantasy
Versus Rising on PC, PS4, PS5, Grand Theft Auto The Trilogy on iOS and Android House Flipper 2 on PC
Rakowoo Venture on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Witch on The Holy Knight on PC, and Asgard's Wrath on Quest 2 and Quest 3.
That's it.
All right, traveling over to Japan and checking out the releases December 14th on the switch.
We actually have a few things.
And yeah, it starts off with this.
If you want to experience the shit show that is the Lord of the Rings Gollum, you're going to get your chance in Japan this week.
And yeah, they have translated it for Japan.
Why?
I do notice that the price to import this game is only $40, which is a lot cheaper than most import games, so I wonder if they didn't turn around and release this as a budget title for obvious reasons, because the game is shit, if you haven't heard.
Kumaju Remilia 2 Stranger's Requiem Taito LD LaserDisc
including TimeGal HD Remaster, Space Battleship Yamato HD Remaster, and Revenge of the Ninja HD Remaster.
So if you want to check those out, that is all in a Switch collection.
That's kind of fun and I doubt we'll get that here.
So that's a fun import if you want to check that out.
Battleship Yamato was Star Blazers here in the US.
But have we have we had a release of that on Switch?
I don't think so.
So I don't know, maybe maybe they will do it.
I haven't had a game but I mean, yeah.
I don't know.
Anyway, um, looking at some other releases in Japan this week, we have Komajou, I'm sorry, I already read that one.
Triggerheart Excelica is also out this week.
Cosmic Fantasy Collection 2 is also out this week, which has actually it's it's it's three Cosmic Fantasy titles in it.
So it's literally the second collection.
So it has Cosmic Fantasy 3,
cosmic fantasy 4 and then a second cosmic fantasy 4 game because i think it was like a gold and silver kind of thing um also we have borderlands 3 getting a release in like a game of the year style edition this week on the switch and i think that's it oh no one more a tetsudo nippon real pro tokyo romance car
and Romance Train Cars
Train cars would treat me better than most men would, let's be honest.
All right, going to PlayStation 5.
We have Custom Mech Wars comes out in Japan this week, as well as Under the Waves.
Nosia is out this week.
Volume 11 of the Kemco RPG selection.
Alphadea, Nioh, King's Descent, Ancient Hunter, and Iskai Rondo are in this set.
The 11th collection in Japan.
I want to meet somebody that owns all 11.
Front Mission First Remake, also out in Japan this week, and Submerged Hidden Devs.
What's that, DarkSakura?
Um, I know, I'm sorry about the lag thing, I'm trying to fix it.
But something about Komajo Remilia is that I own this game on Switch.
Oh, fun!
Interesting.
It's the same thing, and I think, if I'm right, it's in the Toho series.
Yep, you are playing as Reimu, who is one of the major Toho characters.
Alrighty.
Basically plays like Symphony of the Night.
We love us a Metroidvania.
Alright, but that was all I had for Japanese releases, so we can go to the UK.
Yeah, it's lagging a bit, so just try to jump in there when you can.
Well, there's only one game.
It's Hammerwatch 2 The Chronicles Edition on December 12th for Switch and PlayStation, and that's it.
Alright, well, we do still have a few headlines for you before we get to the listener roundtable.
So let's get to Loki.
And this one is Wow, go ahead, Loki.
So the FTC apparently is still trying to block the acquisition of Activision by Microsoft.
They were arguing in front of the appeals court in California, saying that basically the original attempts to block the deal were held too high a standard by requiring the government agency to prove that the deal was anti-competitive.
They fail to understand how giving somebody a monopoly of something would be pro-competitive, said their lawyer during the appeal case.
It may be a benefit to some class of consumers, but that's very different than saying it's pro-competitive.
I really hate that we have a government body arguing something that they don't know anything about.
Like, because they're saying that, oh, it's anti-competitive for Microsoft to acquire Activision, but at the same time, there are many games that are released specifically to those platforms.
As well, like Square Enix does a lot of those games that only come out on that platform.
And so, and being that they've committed to having these titles come out on other platforms for at least like 10 years or something, it's ridiculous to call it anti-competitive.
I don't know.
I don't know why they're still, why they're putting so much fuss into this and not like, say, the cable companies and overcharging us for internet because that's been a thing forever.
I want to talk about monopolies and anti-competitive.
Why don't we focus on that instead of, like, video games?
But whatever.
SSU 100 Matt in chat says a government body wasting time and money on something that's pointless.
I perfectly said I mean, I get it supposed to be like, you know, for consumers, but like I feel that this is such a small
It's such a small thing in comparison to other stuff.
It's like, oh, this may hurt one video game company.
How about you look at how Zaslav is hurting Hollywood?
Why don't you go look into that?
Exactly.
There you go.
There's a lot of things that they could be looking into.
Um, I just don't see why they're so dead set on like, stopping this, but okay.
Why don't you look into, why don't you look into, um, God, what was, uh, what was the great nickname I heard for him today?
But you know, you all know the guy I hate that owns Twitter at this point.
Um, they, uh, oh, Phony Stark.
That was the name I heard.
Ha, Phony Stark.
Why don't they look into Phony Stark and how the fuck he's allowed to hang onto this platform?
There's so many other things that they could be looking into.
Like why,
DarkSakura with an update on Twitch culture
Yep, they are shutting down in South Korea.
So they are going to be ending at the end of February 2027 and basically said it's too damn expensive.
They said that it will work to help their streamers that are based in South Korea move their communities to alternative live streaming services.
and said that it was very difficult to suspend their business there.
They've been operating at a significant loss and that it's basically 10 times more expensive than other countries.
And even though they've tried to reduce the cost a lot, including limiting their source quality to 720p, it hasn't helped them recoup any.
So
Also, I'm going to say this, just something about the article that I like.
You know how many are saying the statement on, you know, Letter, formerly known as Twitter?
I like that this one uses, nay, Twitter.
Like, it's made a name.
I saw a lot of streamers reacting to this.
Truly sucks.
Many of them felt like they were essentially fired.
It does sound like though the cost of it and I'm I'm not up to date on these types of situations, but it sounds like the bandwidth in South Korea is a lot more and you kind of said that you outlined the 10 times more expensive and so forth.
So it's just that the bandwidth costs for whatever reasons are higher.
So maybe this is something I can't can they pressure the government?
Excuse me?
Too much soda.
Can they pressure the government to try to lower bandwidth and make it more accessible?
Maybe?
Is this the ploy to try to get people to petition lawmakers to regulate this and make it cheaper?
I don't know if that's even a thing, but sometimes companies will make moves like this to try to get upset people to effect change in other ways.
Moving on, Loki.
Yes, so we have news now that Alone in the Dark, the remake has been postponed to March 20th, 2024 to avoid crunch.
So THQ Nordic basically, they've said that to avoid any potential crunch over the Christmas holidays.
Now, is that going to be crunched towards March?
Who knows?
But at least over the Christmas holidays, they are going to be giving them more time to put the game together.
So that's good.
Yeah, this is good news.
Happy holidays to all the employees there, you know, and especially when I believe THQ Nordic's been in the news for a lot of other interesting things lately.
It's, this is a welcome change of pace.
And yeah, if that's what has to be done for the game to be right, good.
Justin is in our chat right now.
Hello, friends, saying avoiding crunch is always a good thing.
There are plenty of games to play right now.
Isn't that the truth?
There's plenty.
There's plenty of stuff to play.
And now games are birthing games inside games.
So you can always go play more things in Fortnite if you want or whatever, Roblox, whatever the hell it is you're into.
You've got games within a game at this point.
There is your backlog.
is too fucking big right now.
You don't need Alone in the Dark on top of everything else.
Alright, well, one more story I have for you, and that has to do with, hey, Hideo Kojima, all the rage this week, and did you know that there's actually a documentary that Hideo Kojima is actually putting together on himself, of course, called Hideo Kojima Connecting Worlds.
It will be exclusively released in Disney+, here in America.
He posted on, nay, Twitter,
that the film, which has already been shown at the Tribeca Film Festival, will launch globally in the spring of 2024.
In the movie, it goes over the development of Death Stranding, and you actually get to see part of the creative process as he was launching his own independent studio.
Apparently, there are shots from the early days of independent studio, memories from childhood and the creative journey, so he's tried to put a lot of this in here.
No word if it says anything about upcoming games, but seeing as we already know the movie debuted at Tribeca Film Festival, I don't think it does, unless they maybe added something to it, but I wouldn't go in expecting that.
We do have now, I know when we saw that, what?
We should have a watch and react party.
Uh, maybe it can be hard because it's a copyright thing.
If it was on Amazon, we could do one of those watch party things.
But it's harder to do a Disney plus because it would technically be copyright.
So we could do like one of those things where it's like audio commentary or press play now type of thing.
But yeah, we wouldn't be able to do something live, unfortunately, copyright.
I just meant us watching it and making fun of it.
Oh, I thought you meant and put it on the internet.
Well, if it's just us, then fine.
I do want to point out because... We can do that.
I mean, I know that there are ways of getting around it.
When the OD trailer debuted, we had Deft in our chat was talking about it needs to have Guillermo del Toro in it.
Well, guess what?
Good news for you, Deft.
Guillermo del Toro is in this documentary.
Video gaming is an art, says Guillermo del Toro in the trailer.
But the only person in charge of the orchestra is the auteur.
So check out that documentary when it comes out if you have Disney+.
And if you don't have Disney+, I guess you'll pirate it.
DejiramS points out private watch party in Discord.
I guess it's a gray area, but maybe.
So yeah, OrangeRite calls it VOGtracks.
Cute.
It's the same thing you were saying, just you know, hit play at the same time and everyone watch it.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we could do that.
That's like that Netflix party on Xbox 360 was the best thing ever.
And it was essentially that so you do have that.
Alright, well, believe it or not, that was our last scheduled story tonight.
So we now invite interaction from all of you.
We always invite your emails and participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
I don't think there was anything that there was a actually I should have went in and deleted it, Jamie.
There was a really well done marketing email in there.
That's like it's addressed to you and I deleted everything.
It calls out the show.
Yeah, it was it was it was marketing.
But I was like, wow, this person actually their database is very good.
That scrapes all the info.
Wait, wait, wait.
Should I have looked at this?
No, because it's nothing we're interested in.
It was it was for like a caffeine drink or something.
But I was like, Wow, I think I was like to chat to help because it actually incorporated parts of our podcast description that talked about you won these podcast awards for all the things that are in our description.
And I was like,
Okay, like, yeah, I'm very happy with those awards, but they were like over 10 years ago.
So like, it just felt very chat GPT generated, like write an invite for this podcast based on their description.
So anyway, get that.
All right.
Um,
But I will invite your calls as well over at, uh, vognetwork.com slash discord.
If you want to call in and it appears we have a caller who is waiting right there to be on the program tonight.
So let's go and say hello.
Hi caller.
You're on the air.
Who's this?
The one and only DJ Ron S and let me go ahead and turn my camera on and go.
Hi everybody.
Oh, yay.
We love it.
When you actually get on the cam.
Hey Rama, good to see you.
How are you?
I'm good.
I'm, I've spent half the day packing.
So, you know.
Oh, that's right.
You're going on your big trip real soon.
Like real soon.
Yes.
So since you brought it up, I'm assuming we're okay to talk about the fact that you're going to Japan, uh, in a matter of days, I'm really excited for you.
What, what, what are some of like the big, don't tell us everything cause it's only a three hour show, but what are some of the big highlights that you're planning on doing when you're in Japan?
There is a lot of things, but,
The first thing I plan to do once I've gotten some energy in me, and I fully checked in the hotel and so forth, I am going to do a pilgrimage.
I will be going to the Nerima Ward, and I'll be walking around that entire neighborhood that's because where Ranma 1 half took place.
Oh, okay.
Cute.
Then you have to take pictures from the Odaiba Bridge for me.
I will.
I will add that to my notes.
Have you been to Japan before?
Sorry, Digimon fan.
No, I've never been.
That's just it.
Neither have I. Good for you that you're getting this off your bucket list or what have you.
I'm jealous.
Well, you can do it, too.
I know.
You're right.
I can.
I chose to do the Star Trek cruise again next year.
I could have used that money to do something like this.
But we're probably not doing it again in 2025.
Just saying.
There you go.
I will be going, my plan is to go to Tokyo Disney Sea for my 50th.
Um, how long are you staying?
I really want to go and then buy all the Duffy stuff.
I am going for roughly two weeks.
I am coming back like a couple of days early so I can get readjusted for jet lag and so forth.
Because three days after I return, the office opens up and we have brand new people coming into the office.
It's gonna be hell.
You have no idea.
All right.
Well, bon voyage.
I hope you have a wonderful trip and I look forward to hearing all about it.
Is that why?
That's not why you called in tonight, I bet.
No, no, no.
That's not why I called.
Why did you call in tonight?
You didn't call in just to brag.
You just called to brag.
I know.
Which honestly, honestly, go off.
Like you have every right to brag about something like that.
I would.
Yeah.
So.
But now that you've gotten the bragging out of the way, what did you really want to talk about?
First off, love you Uk-chan.
Secondly, I was reminded of a topic from last week about how Sony pulled all the digital videos off their service, and I understood it was because of WBD, you know, more than anything else.
Yeah, I feel the more accurate way to phrase that is that WDBD pulled their videos from Sony's service.
I think it's a little bit, that's fine, that's fine.
And it got me to thinking about how there are a lot of games that come out and we're excited for and we're like, oh, we're going to pre-order this.
And we're sitting here waiting for the announcement of said game and all of the features and so forth, like what you're going to get with it.
Then you find out it's just a digital only game.
One of the games I just picked up was Yohane da Barhelion, it's a Metroidvania game.
It was digital only here in the States, but meanwhile, while I was at Anime NYC, I was able to pick up a physical copy for PlayStation 5.
Oh wow.
And since it's like multi-regioned game, so I'm like, it didn't matter, I could play it in English and so forth, so you know.
And...
I remember.
Ranma, I don't pre-order games anymore.
Once in a great while, I pre-ordered Final Fantasy XVI two weeks before it came out.
By the time they're already public, and you know exactly what you're getting in that edition.
I realized that the industry really relies on these types of pre-orders, and some would say that I should not discourage people from pre-ordering because it could harm the bottom line of the industry.
However, I would say as the industry continues to move in this direction and by the examples that they've given us, such as what you have given you, I think it's a buyer beware situation and you should not be so quick to pre-order these things.
I mean, I bet half those things they showed trailers for at the Game Awards, you could pre-order now if you wanted to.
Honestly,
don't, because games, games don't sell out now, because at worst case scenario, you get a digital, right?
Like games, that era of I'm not going to be able to get the game I want is gone, because you could always get it digitally.
Now, the era of I can't get the hardware I want is still very much among us.
I have pre-ordered so many games and I realized if I had just waited I could have saved $10, $20, $30
There are some games, there are some special editions that I need to get my hands on.
Like, yes, I did drop 90 bucks on the Bayonetta 3 Special Edition.
That's one of the few special editions where you can get it now for $60.
I'm like, I didn't know.
And my backlog is so far that the game is still, the box is still sitting like right behind me.
If everybody's watching on the screen by my clothes or whatever, the box is standing, is back there.
And I'm like, if I had waited a year, I could have gotten it off of Amazon for like 80 bucks.
Behind all the big boy shirts.
Oh, you mean soon-to-be-medium boy shirts.
Oh, okay.
But, um, I remember y'all had mentioned, uh, like, coming up, River City Rival Showdown.
I was like, okay, I will pick this up for Switch.
And I'm like, are we getting a physical release?
Not in the States, but I had to do some importing to get my hands on the limited edition copy, which was like 10 bucks more.
But even if it wasn't, something like this, because I'm a big fan of the Kunio-kun series, I went out and I bought it.
Same thing with the Yohane game.
Yes, I have it digital, because I'm a fan of that, the Love Live series, I went out and got the PS5 version of the game.
And I was like, sure, why not?
I really feel that, you know, we have all these digital games coming out, but if the sales are there, do a limited run of a physical release.
I mean, like, in a way that kind of worked for TMNT Shredder's Revenge, yes, I have, I played the digital version on Game Pass.
I think I actually bought it with the DLC, and then I went out and pre-ordered the physical copy from Limited Run Games.
I love Limited Run.
as do I. Well, yeah, and I think I think especially after what happened with Warner Brothers and Sony and all that, you know, there's going to be more people that think twice about buying digital and relying on digital.
And for me, digital really only makes sense for me in two cases.
Number one, PC games, because they just they don't make physical PC games anymore.
They just don't.
Like so few PCs even come with a fucking DVD drive at this point or CD or anything like they're just there's just it's all digital at this point.
What was the last game you bought?
The last game I bought?
Oh, a disc?
Well, Final Fantasy XVI.
No, I take that back.
Star Trek Online.
Final Fantasy XVI had a disc.
I want to say I've bought something since then on PlayStation, but that one comes to mind because... I meant, no, on PC.
Oh, on PC.
On computer.
Oh, fuck.
Um... Yeah.
Probably a Final Fantasy XIV expansion.
I think mine was Star Trek Online.
I want to say a Final Fantasy XIV expansion.
Before they were... I think maybe Stormblood was the last one that actually had a DVD with it.
Probably that.
I can tell you the last console game that I bought was Ozmin.
For Dan.
Yeah, and you know what, Rob?
You're right.
We're going towards digital.
And I'm old school.
I'm a Gen Xer.
I want my physical copies.
I need to step away for just a moment.
I'm sorry, everybody, but keep talking.
It's just that I'd like to have something to have.
That's all it is.
I mean, if the digital is dirt cheap, then sure, I will go ahead and get the digital version.
Now, if I can get my hands on a physical copy of it at a reasonable price, I'll absolutely do it.
But now that, you know, you got the console, you know, you got consoles, you know, you could add extra memory to it.
It's going to go that route.
It's like, yeah, I pre-ordered FF7 Rebirth, I got the collector's edition, and that same week I'm picking up my PS5 and a 2TB drive to have it all ready to go for the game when it arrives.
I mean, that's the nature of things, although I honestly wish for some systems that you actually could increase their memory, and I mean RAM, and not storage.
I kind of feel that on the next generation of consoles, there should be two drives.
One drive should be just the OS drive, and the second drive is just strictly data.
Because we're getting there.
I mean, so many people who are building their PCs, you have the Windows, you have the OS drive, and then you have to drive with everything else.
I mean...
Well, excuse me for being a little bit of a nerd for a moment, but it's honestly one of the things that I like about the APFS format system is that if you're working in partitions, then they are dynamically resizing themselves.
So you would really just need one drive that would accommodate everything and use your dynamic format.
See, now you're gonna make me have to work, Ucchan.
You're making me work now.
I'm gonna write this down.
Turn it off, sorry.
No, it's okay.
It's okay.
They're in the process of updating stuff at work for people getting new Macs and new Lenovo, so it's gonna be fun.
Alright, sorry, I'm back now.
I've got my eye on an M2.
There are people that... What I was mentioning...
Okay, I just had my weird lag.
Sorry.
Yeah, no, it's it's fine.
But it creates awkward pauses.
I'm looking at some comments from chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
SheHulk10 says with all these stories, I think physical media will make a comeback.
QuestBuster is talking about the last physical PC game I bought was a successful Kickstarter years ago that promised one.
Ooh, that's good.
PodCulture says physical will go the route of vinyl records become a collector thing.
Well, you know what, they sell vinyl records at Target now.
So things have an interesting way of coming full circle, that's for sure.
All right, well, Ranma, go ahead.
I honestly feel that it's that it's media is going to be the norm from here on out.
The only thing is that there are like Japan's very much into physical media, which is why you can get games like that, even though the companies that are making the games would still prefer to have a digital distribution.
But like you still buy CDs, you still buy, you know, all of that.
All right, well, Ranma, is there anything else on your mind tonight before we let you go?
Last thing and then I'm gonna get out of here.
This one is for you, Rob.
This is something that you have brought up a few times before about how games do not come with instruction manuals anymore.
You just get the case, the game, and that's it.
Very rare.
Very rare.
I got here the Valis Collection 2 from Limited Run Games.
Look how thick that is though.
It's so thick, Ranma.
That's so thick.
That's a thick with three C's package you've got there in your hand.
Get your mind out of the gutter.
I'm talking about a video game.
I love you, Rob.
I love you.
You better.
Anyway.
So, when I got this, I always pop them open to see what all the cool swag that I have.
So, I popped open the game itself, and shocker!
There is an instruction manual in the friggin' box!
Huzzah!
No, it's cute.
And I'm just like, I go back through my other game, like, wait.
I think this is the first game I bought in several years where there's an actual instruction manual.
I'm just like, this is probably going to have to go in the museum and hang it right next to the castle.
Because it is collector's edition.
What is that collection?
That's why.
But still, I mean- Is that like, Valis 1 and 2?
This one is, no, it's Cid of Valis, original 8- Alright, Cid of Valis,
Valus IV, one of the original Valus games, and Valus the Phantasm Soldier.
So it's a couple, I guess, 8-bit renditions.
Oh, okay.
I know those.
That's cool.
That's cool.
I used to play Live in Daylight Saturday night when my local video store would have them for rental.
We still have the first two for TurboDuo.
That reminds me, I have to hit up Animate Japan, because a friend of mine picked up one of the Ranma 1.5 games for TurboDuo for like 800 yen.
Nice.
Alright, well, Ranma, enjoy your trip to Japan, and I can't wait to hear all about it.
Well, if y'all end up doing a show during the midweek next week, depending on the time, Mike.
I just stepped away because that was actually my dad that was calling, and I will stop the show when he calls because it might be an emergency.
Luckily, it wasn't an emergency.
He didn't realize.
He's like, your show goes on this late?
I was like, yes.
So he was he was letting me know that he has Christmas Eve plans with the other part of the family.
So I will be free, maybe Christmas Eve.
I still have to figure out what's going on with Alan's side of the family, just to make sure.
But if my Christmas Eve stays free during the day, then I'm totally down with it to do like a daytime show, I think would be fine.
So if not, we need to get some Panda Express.
Yeah, if nothing else, we can always do it New Year's during the day.
So
or New Year's Eve, whatever.
Anyway, but we'll work that out in the coming days.
So, all right.
Well, Ranma, have a great time.
And remember, pics or it didn't happen.
Oh, trust me, there'll be pics and videos.
Just understand, most of the pics will be the food that I eat.
I love food.
Yeah, put the food up.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
Thanks for calling.
You too.
I'll take care.
Love y'all.
Bye.
Bye.
Anime Jam Session, of course, Tuesday nights here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
If you want to hear more Ranma and who wouldn't?
All right, again, I just want to give one more plug for the email bag.
Participate at orangelandtrader.com is the place to send your emails, but like instruction manuals, we see them so infrequently.
But feel free to show us your thick package.
I'm talking about collector's editions of video games, of course, in our mailbag.
Participate at orangelandtrader.com.
Um, other than that, I think we can wrap things up here tonight.
So we're going to get everybody's final thought tonight.
Uh, actually wait, I should check in real quick with Loki.
Any last minute stories?
I don't have any last minute stories.
Okay.
Well, that's fine.
I think we had a lot.
We had covered a lot of news tonight.
Uh, so we'll get final thoughts.
Uh, first off, thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio and spending time with us tonight.
Uh, if you enjoyed what you heard here at OLR, please help us spread the word.
Tell a friend or two about the show because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or wherever goes a very long way, so we really appreciate all of that.
We will be back in seven days to do this all over again with our pal Bobby Blackwolf, who should also be here fresh off of his on-stage events at DreamHack Atlanta, which I know is a pretty big deal, so I'm really excited to hear about how all of that went.
So we'll hear about that next week when VOG Network's programming starts live at 8 o'clock Eastern, 5 o'clock Pacific.
Okay, we're gonna get final thoughts.
DarkSakura, I know you're not streaming tonight.
So we're gonna we're gonna visit somebody else instead.
But do you have some final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Um, yeah, just remember to take care of yourself.
Don't don't bite off more than you can chew.
And be kind to people because you really don't know what they're going through.
And this is for
on multiple sides of opinions of world events right now.
Just remember, a little kindness goes a long way and helps your cause a lot better than being a shithole does.
All right.
With that, we'll go over to Techmaster Loki.
Your final thought tonight.
Final thought is that I gotta do some editing.
All right.
Happy editing to you.
Oh shit.
My ballet recital is Saturday.
You got this.
You can do it.
My final thought tonight is some really exciting stuff being planned for next year on the hosting front.
I'm really excited.
So if you're ever in the area, I hope you'll stop by and see a show.
It's always a lot of fun.
Anyway, that's gonna do it tonight.
Have a wonderful night, everybody, and enjoy our special holiday ending, courtesy of DJRamaS.
I hope you all have a wonderful week, and we will see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Goodnight!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
