Twas the night before Christmas, and just now in this house, Jason clicked record using his noteball mouse.
The news keeps on coming, no hibernation in store.
Gamers keep clicking, no resting your score.
We're done for the year, after the closing bit, but worry not, 2024 is imminent.
Rhyming is hard, especially with names.
Your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki, iambic pentameter arranged.
Let's get to the news, I bet you'll rejoice.
Tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice it is Orange Lounge Radio live once again at a special time on this December 24th 2023
with episode number 987 of our show.
If it sounds like I'm laughing, it's because I am.
That's actually the first time I heard Jason's special little rhymy intro for tonight.
That was super cute.
Thank you, as always, to our voiceover guy, Jason.
And thank you to all of you who are tuning in live at this special time.
So usually we tape every week at The Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell Show.
However,
today being a special day, a holiday.
We are doing a special show at three Eastern, noon Pacific, and, you know, perhaps overseas eight o'clock, nine o'clock in the evening, depending on where you are overseas.
So just a little bit of a special time here on this Christmas Eve.
I'm Rob Roberts, and I'm joined as always, despite the day time difference on the day, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
who, there, hello.
I'm awake.
You're what?
Okay, I'm not sure what's happening with your music audio.
I said I'm awake.
Oh, you're awake.
It's just very lagged, I think, today.
I like- I know what's happening with my audio.
It's the same thing that happens every week.
Yeah.
I have lag.
Yeah.
It didn't used to be there, but I noticed you have, your VTuber is, where are you?
Yeah, it's been there for the last month or so.
I can scroll out if you want to see the whole thing.
Hold on.
Let's do this.
Whoa.
Oh, that is super cute.
I like that.
Okay.
So again, if you want to see the video, of course, everyone's gonna see me playing with my sliders.
It's fine over at Twitch.
It's not the first time over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network is where you can check that out as we are live.
And thank you.
Also, I want to acknowledge I see you all are being very generous with the hype train and chat right now.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for that.
I really do appreciate that, especially the fact that it's a weird time today.
Um, also say hello joining us, of course, to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
I'm doing pretty good.
Good, good.
What is this game playing behind you tonight?
I'm not sure.
Is this Power Washer?
It looks... It is Power Washer.
Oh, I just haven't seen this level.
This must be like a special like Santa's Workshop or something level.
Yep.
It's Santa's Workshop DLC.
Oh, fun.
Okay.
You know, I never did end up playing the Final Fantasy VII DLC, I think they had at one point.
But yeah, I have it.
I haven't played it either.
Same with the Back to the Future one as well.
That game is the PlayStation Plus game right now.
So a whole other reason to play it again.
If, you know, Game Pass or whatever other way of getting that game.
I think I just bought it on early access on Steam, quite honestly, isn't good enough.
I mean, there's plenty of ways to check out PowerWash.
They also have a VR version if you happen to be ever so inclined to play the VR stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, like, it surprises me, but it doesn't.
I kind of want to play the VR version.
I think that'd be a lot of fun.
That might be interesting.
Yeah, I'd check that out.
But OK, wow, Santa's workshop is very dirty outside of that close rack, the immediate field of view.
Well, like the original game, the meta was that it was supposed to be a volcano that went off.
So I don't know how that has anything.
I think it's just an excuse to put dirt everywhere.
Well, I'm sure there are lots of games folks are catching up on over this holiday break for many people or just even if it's a day or two.
I know I am, but we'll talk about that in our gaming weeks in a little bit.
But first, we're going to get to our kickoff topic.
The news, of course, this week has been a little bit lighter, but we have had some pretty major stories, including this first one right off the bat about
this big thing that's happened and very interesting ethical questions coming out of this as well as far as like people reporting on it.
But Loki, why don't you give us like the high level overview and then we'll talk about some of that.
Yeah, so Insomniac Games was recently hit with a ransomware attack, and the folks that were attacking them wanted $2 million in Bitcoin in order for them not to leak their information.
Because Bitcoin is always for legitimate purposes, clearly.
It's supposed to be less traceable or something.
Well, Bitcoin's the official currency of crime.
Like, let's just call it what it is.
Put that tagline on there.
But yes, the hacking group responsible had requested 2 million in Bitcoin to prevent the data from being leaked, which that data included a lot of things, development stuff, there was an early working version of Wolverine, assets, also employee information, data, financial information, planning, all that type of stuff.
Marvel, Insomniac
Thank you for your outpouring of compassion and unwavering support.
It's deeply appreciated.
We're both saddened and angered about the recent criminal cyber attack on the studio and the emotional tale it's taken on our dev team.
We have focused inwardly for the last several days to support each other.
We're aware of the stolen data.
It includes personal information belonging to our employees, former employees, and independent contractors.
It also includes early developmental details about Marvel's Wolverine for PlayStation 5.
We continue working quickly to determine what data was impacted.
And then with that, they're just kind of saying, you know, we want everyone to enjoy the games that we're making, but we want you to also wait for that information to come out as we feel it's ready and necessary.
Yeah.
So kind of like the whole thing I think is to focus like not on covering the leaked information because they feel it's going to you know and this same thing kind of happened with you know Grand Theft Auto 6 and stuff they they want you not to talk about it because one some people get like an impression like oh Wolverine looks terrible right now
Yeah, it's not anywhere near done yet, but you know, there are idiots out there that feel like this is representative of the final game, which it's obviously not.
It just also, it hopefully will dissuade people from trying to attack these companies in this similar type of way in order to, you know, leak information.
If they feel that it's not valuable to do so, then maybe they'll be less likely to do that.
But yeah, it sucks for them.
I mean, at the same time, like, it's fun seeing that stuff in progress, but I guess, you know, it does take a toll on the dev teams if you're
you know, kind of sharing all that leaked information out there.
Yeah, yeah.
But people will do it because of clicks and engagement and clout.
Yes, but also like, you know, I'm kind of on the fence because I feel like there are some people out there that are making, they're going out of their way to let you know, we are not going to cover these leaks.
We are not going to talk about these leaks.
And there's a part of me, I'm sorry, that's not going to be popular, but I'm just going to tell it like it is.
In some cases, and we'll make that very clear, some of that feels very performative.
And the reason why I use that word is because there was no problem when it was Capcom a few weeks ago.
There was no problem when it was Nintendo.
There was no problem when it was the ESA.
There was no problem.
And look, I understand.
So I'm not saying, oh, we need to go over the, you know, I just think here at this show, like, you know, we talk about what people are talking about on social media.
I think to not acknowledge this has happened.
It's out there.
Yes, they're talking about Wolverine.
Yes, they've got these Marvel licenses on games through 2032 and all this stuff.
They've got these different licenses.
I think it's kind of like
It's assuming that people only get their gaming news from this podcast, which I think is a ridiculous notion.
I realize there might be a couple people out there and thank you if that's you, but I think there's a lot of people out there that use social media and they know that this stuff is out there.
Now, look, I also understand that there is personal data in here.
There's people's phone numbers and that shit ain't cool.
And so like, no, we shouldn't talk about where to go find this or how to get the information for yourself and all this stuff.
Yeah, I think we ought to say openly, yes, there is screenshots, there is gameplay of Wolverine out there, and if you think that is what the finished game is going to look like, you are a fool.
Exactly.
If you think that that is representative of what the actual game is going to look like, you are a fool, and should not be commenting on the gaming industry, because you don't know how it works.
That's, and that's that on that.
Period.
Happy holidays.
So,
That's, that's, you know, what it is for the Wolverine.
And as far as the Marvel things go, I mean, look at the pattern.
Insomniac's been making a lot of Marvel games.
Of course, they've been in talks to make more.
Do you think that that timeline is going to hold up and be exact one for one?
Haha!
Absolutely not.
Because if you think and you go out into 2034, or whenever the last game was projected there, we're going to be talking like PlayStation six, and fuck, maybe even PlayStation seven by then I don't maybe not quite, but we're almost on our way to PlayStation seven by then, like, do you think that those things don't change as a part of that?
And based off the sales of other things that of course, that's all going to change.
All of that is projection period.
Um,
as far as the leaks themselves again, I feel like Grand Theft Auto 6 trailer, even despite the fact that it leaked early, which is a whole other thing.
Even despite the fact that that came out early, it's still the talk of the town, all over news media, millions of clicks.
In fact, didn't it break YouTube records and all this stuff too?
So I'm not saying it's okay that it leaked out.
But I am saying it turned out okay.
Gamers are still going to be hyped for the actual real thing and sharing that around and putting it on social media and so forth.
And then that's the stuff to get excited about.
Because then again, you know, when the Grand Theft Auto 6 trailer actually showed up, there were all these things in it that looked really cool that the leaks did not give any presence of because
It just wasn't in there.
It was too early development.
It wasn't polished enough.
We didn't see the TikTok or Instagram lifestyle parody stuff in there.
So we found out there's a female protagonist.
Whoopee!
That's what the leaks gave us.
Context gave us so much more.
SheHulk10 in chat says, I love this comment by the way.
SheHulk10 says, we should be talking about the lack of security and other security failures.
And this is, and I don't want to pick on Insomniac because obviously they are, you know, bearing the brunt of that, but every company should be looking at this.
And to me, this whole situation was exacerbated
when E3 information got leaked a couple years ago by the ESA by the company that's supposed to represent the gaming industry and be on the cutting edge of this stuff, which as we have found, part of the many failures of the ESA is the fact that they are, they're usually behind the curve on this stuff, and behind the curve of where, you know, security and this stuff is.
So something to think about.
Bobby Blackwolf does say though, company stop hacks all the times.
You just don't hear about the ones they stop.
Funny enough, later today, you will hear about one story.
So we do have that coming.
But yes, I mean, there are a lot that are prevented, but there's unfortunately a lot that aren't.
And I think Insomniac may consider being a little bit transparent, especially with peers about how this happened, so that this can be stopped.
I don't know what else to say.
I mean, I'm sure there was more information in the hacks than just like the Marvel licenses and the Wolverine stuff, but it's like
how I mean it's it's all gonna change it's all gonna change you weren't supposed to see it for a reason yeah that's the reality of it so people yeah
Yeah, I know.
But I will say, you know what's funny?
Yes, I did see the Wolverine footage because occasionally I get directed to Twitter and I see related tweets and so I try to avoid that site, but it's just unfortunately it still is a news platform.
You unfortunately, if you're not checking it, you're not seeing some of the news.
So I'll get linked to tweets occasionally.
And I did come across some of the the I think it was screenshots.
I don't think there was video.
Maybe there was I don't remember.
Screenshots were great.
And I will say for as early on as it is since that game, that game isn't out till like 2025.
Right?
So as early on as it is, from my perspective, it looks great.
I'm like, I think it's gonna be a kick ass game, actually.
So but it's early so much can change, right?
So pretty much everything that's been seen out there probably going to change.
So, whatever, whatever.
Interesting though, I will say some voice actor information was also part of the leaks and that information and like who's involved and all that stuff.
Yeah.
I will just say because people are talking about it and spreading it.
I just thought it was interesting.
Deborah Wilson's in it again.
If the leaks are to be believed and things have not changed, etc, etc.
If Deborah Wilson's apparently in it again, and I just love her.
I can't think of her without thinking about MADtv.
and maybe you know and that that could be a bummer because maybe you know again this was something that insomniac wanted to release on their own terms and talk about the voice cast so forth but it does there's plenty of other people too in there that I'm sure they'll announce at some point that didn't catch my eye as much but I was like oh I just love her they they should what with movies you know who's in the movie before they even start shooting why not tell us a little bit about who's on board for the games I don't know all right
Anyway, let's get into our gaming weeks and talk about the types of games that we have been playing this so what's that Jamie?
excited for when the game comes out because things are looking so positive.
Honestly, if the early build is looking so good.
Yeah, I mean, it's honestly I haven't gotten into a lot of the superhero insomniac games.
It's not that I'm a hater.
It's just the game's backlog.
I always mean to play those Spider-Man games because they look incredible.
But yeah, I just never get around to it.
So I want to check out Wolverine.
But
You know, gaming backlog, it never ends.
Anyway, let's see what we've been attacking in our gaming backlog this week, if anything, in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
So we'll go to DarkSakura and ask How Was Your Gaming Week?
Hi Daylight, and Disney Dreamlight Valley.
and RudraNulhiho, which I'm on the second scenario now.
I played some Weird Al pinball, because of course I did.
I'd say that's about it.
I've actually do you know the I think it's called the watermelon game or something.
But there's a version for Mac called fruit salad, and I'm going to be giving that a try.
Maybe today we'll see.
Mike def says Suica game.
Yes, I've seen Alan play a mobile phone version because you know, like
64 Clones
But yes, you know how the popular games clones show up everywhere, especially the one, unfortunately, it's the ones that are easy to clone.
And I would consider Suika games probably one of those, you know, it's probably not incredibly difficult to clone.
Flappy Bird's a great example, too.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, well, let's go to Loki.
Okay, let's go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Is all minecraft for the most part I think I think it played a little bit on the playdate we had a couple I up my
where my progress was in the season, so it unlocked more games.
So I played Executive Golf, which is kind of fun.
It's like a 2D golf game that you have to go up and down floors and knock your golf ball over all this different office furniture and stuff.
So it's a little different.
I played that, and then there was a time traveler crank game that was kind of hard that I ended up playing as well on the play date.
But other than that, it's been mostly Minecraft.
I've been working on, well, procrastinating a lot.
I built a few farms and I muddled a raccoon for the upcoming...
theme park ride they're building.
So I modeled that in Blockbench for adding some stuff in the game.
Because the premise of the first ride that I'm doing is supposed to be that you're in a log flume ride and you are going around trying to capture raccoons that have infested a lumber yard.
Like a lumber mill, I guess.
Less of a lumber yard.
Lumber mill.
And it's all kind of like target shooting type of stuff.
And they get captured, but then of course, you know, whatever you capture in game or whatever you shoot at the end, it scores you and then there's going to be like a leaderboard and stuff like that.
So it'll be very involved, which is why it's taken so long to get an actual episode out from Channel 64, because I'm still in that mindset of like, I want to finish these big projects in one episode, and it really isn't feasible to do that, and I don't know how to split them up yet.
But still kind of early in the planning phase.
I think I'll put like an interim episode out kind of discussing that whole planning process.
I think that might be good.
But I did put out one, the third episode of the Razeworks server.
And then I have the fourth one mostly done already.
I just need to film a few things and then that'll be out probably next week or so.
So yeah, I've been busy.
Just a lot of different stuff in game.
MikeyMuWeek has been a little bit of a hodgepodge of different stuff, still playing Diablo 4, still playing World of Warcraft Season of Discovery, although I think I might have about hit my limit there on Season of Discovery, because now I'm like, I'm not really interested in raiding.
I joined an LGBTQIA guild that was shouting in trade chat in the game, and they're all like, but I forgot about how much I don't enjoy the whole like,
And they're great, don't get me wrong, but it's the whole, like, we gotta get a group together for Saturday, and it's gonna be at this time, server time, we gotta prepare all the potions and all this stuff, and I'm just like, eh, that's the part I don't miss.
I don't need to do the organized raiding, because I just, I don't, I, maybe it's because I'm older, I just don't like to commit that kind of time to that sort of stuff, so, but I like, I like signing in, but I just kind of feel like I'm running out of things to do now with level cap, because I'm not interested in raiding.
There's, there's doing alts, and that's about it, and even alt stuff is kind of getting old.
But it's also one of those things where I think the break has been good because now I'm like, oh, I really need to go back and finish where I was in Final Fantasy XIV.
And I think it's been like a little bit of a palate cleanser going back to WoW and kind of like, you know, remembering the game I played a long time ago.
And now it's like, OK, now I need to go back and during this kind of lull in Final Fantasy XIV, go back and finish the content I hadn't done yet.
You know, I kind of have a taste for it again after doing other stuff.
So we'll see.
Fortnite Fortnite Festival
uh another song so there's there's these interesting like new songs are showing up on thursday so i wonder if they aren't at injecting more stuff into the rotation every thursday to try to give this some longevity uh we'll see but um i still think 500 v bucks is a disgusting price to charge for the songs there's no fucking way i'm gonna pay it so if the song's not in the free rotation or a giveaway there was a really silly epic original song about winter
WinterWonderFest
YouTube channel, however, is a unique name because my Rob Roberts was taken already.
Unfortunately, there's a few people in media who use the same name.
So Rob Roberts Plays, P-L-A-Y-S is my YouTube channel, Rob Roberts Plays.
I did also play a little more Lego Fortnite as well, that's still fun.
So yeah, I'm happy that there's more games than just Battle Royale.
But I've been playing other stuff too that's not that.
This is gonna be so random.
Y'all are gonna be like, what the fuck?
Why did Rob start playing that?
I played a game called Remnant 2.
You know what this game is?
There was a game called Remnant from the Ashes, and then Remnant 2 just came out over the summer.
Well, it's on Game Pass, and a friend of mine, same friend that likes to play Overwatch with me, was like, you should get this game, Rob.
It's like Diablo, but it's like a shooter.
And I was like, OK, you had me at Diablo.
I'm going to check it out.
Well, the party left out was that it's like Dark Souls meets Diablo.
DarkSakura
You could change the classes on demand a little more easy because now I'm going to have to play the intro segment again, in order to switch to like a medic, which might be a good idea because then I'd have a ton of heals or a gunner so I could I assume assume hit people more long distance, because right now I'm a
I don't know, but the equivalent of a warrior.
I basically, I have a tin can on my head and a giant sword and I slash at people but they down me in like one hit.
And even though I was trying to play myself on what is supposedly Bobby Blackwolf mode, uh-uh.
This is still like a Dark Souls kind of game.
So, yeah, I don't know.
We'll see.
I'm gonna give it another try but I'm just feeling this game might be too difficult for me and that's okay.
I mean...
I'm not usually a fan of the souls kind of games, but my husband loves that stuff.
So, you know, there's an audience for it.
We'll see.
Waynein12 in chat, hi, thanks for listening, says, I played the first Remnant.
It became very frustrating, especially the bosses and their adds.
Yeah, it's not an easy game.
But you know what?
Some people love that bang their head on the wall kind of difficulty.
And so like this,
Taking that and mixing it with procedural generation, I understand why somebody told me, like, you should try playing this game, and why there's an audience for it.
And I can totally recognize sometimes, there is an audience for this game, that audience is not me.
It's like movies, sometimes.
There is an audience for Terrifier 2.
That audience is not me.
It's that simple.
Let's see, but I also played, this is very random, but I was like, you know what?
I bought those Final Fantasy Pixel remasters.
I got a platinum trophy on Final Fantasy 1, I actually streamed that whole thing.
But I never played any other Final Fantasy game after that, and I was like, I gotta fix this.
You know what my hang-up has been?
I don't want to play Final Fantasy 2.
I just, like, Final Fantasy 2 is, like, pretty much the worst Final Fantasy game.
I don't, y'all know I don't like 8 either, but Final Fantasy 2, it, I, people want to fight me over Final Fantasy 8, but if I were to sit here and say Final Fantasy 2, and remember, this is Japanese NES 2, if I were to say Final Fantasy 2 is the worst Final Fantasy game,
I don't think a lot of people would pick a fight.
I think most people would say, yeah, that game's in the bottom three, at least.
Like, Final Fantasy II is kind of the worst one.
I don't even remember II.
It had challenges.
Yeah, it will.
It had challenges.
Three was awesome, though.
It was the same reason I don't care for eight.
It's kind of a broken system.
For me, it's broken.
And what I mean by that is that it's the whole leveling up through taking damage and using things over and over again.
I think they took some of that idea.
And funny enough, 11 institutes a lot of that same skill up sort of concept, but it's much better in 11.
in my opinion.
So yeah, it's just, you know, I'll go play it someday.
But Jamie, funny enough, since you bring that up, I said, you know what, why am I sitting here going, you must play Final Fantasy 2?
Fuck that noise.
I make the rules.
It's Christmas.
I'm gonna do what I want.
So I played Final Fantasy 3 NES.
And I will fully admit, I've used- Which he knows is one of my favorites.
Yeah, and actually, and
Admittedly, I've only played a little bit of it.
I played, I always call it the OUYA version, but it was actually the DS version, the one that went 3D, but you know, it was on the OUYA.
I played a little bit of that, but not enough.
But this one, I'm already further in this one than I ever got in the OUYA version of Final Fantasy III.
um and so i'm up to i think i'm about to go get the fire crystal finally which it actually takes quite some time in that game to get through a sequence of events before you're about to go get the next crystal which unlocks new jobs which is a big part of that game but i will also fully admit i'm using a guide to help me get a platinum trophy and it's basically a guide that just says don't miss this treasure chest make sure you get these beastiary things because
There are certain bestiary things where if you don't get them, you won't get the Platinum Trophy.
Like one of them is like this water dragon that's blocking a channel.
You don't have to beat him, in fact you really can't, but you have to encounter him and run to get the bestiary, and if you don't do that before you clear the level that then gets rid of him so you can get through in the water channel, you're fucked for a Platinum Trophy.
So I'm using a guide for that reason.
So I don't have to go back and play it over and over again.
Um, but I'm enjoying Fallout Fantasy 3.
I know, I know you love it.
But I want it after after I'm done with it.
No, I'm saying that there's no problem with having to use a guide.
Oh, yeah, no, no.
I Yeah, yeah, we were just talking about this on the Bobby show a little bit is that especially in the NES era, like
We had manuals.
We had guides.
We had things to help us.
We also did have printed user guides.
That's right.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And then we had Nintendo Fun Club and Nintendo Power.
That's how we had a Zelda map, because people today, we were just talking about this on Bobby Show, but, you know, kids today or people who just, you know, don't know for whatever reason, don't realize that like when they say, well, in The Legend of Zelda, you just had to figure out what to do.
You just got dropped in there.
Oh, gosh, she did.
Yeah.
We had a 900 number that we could call to ask people at Nintendo to rank up our grandmother's bills.
Read the last 10 pages of the manual because it walks you through like the first three levels of Zelda.
So it's right there.
If you need to figure out... You know what?
If we had the internet then, we would have totally used it.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So anyway, I am playing Final Fantasy III, and I am enjoying it.
I'm using the boosts.
I don't care.
I'm having fun.
You actually really do have to think about, like, okay, if I use a red mage, so I have warrior, monk, red mage, white mage, because keep in mind, I only have the base jobs right now.
I'm just before I get the second set of jobs.
So I went for red mage instead of black mage, which I think is actually easier in the beginning, because, you know, you get a little bit of the oomph there.
But
There is actually some really challenging shit because you have, in the beginning of the game, because you have done, I actually understand why they didn't bring this out in America now.
Now that I'm really sitting down and playing this in depth, I'm like, oh, oh, people would have never figured out.
You have to cast mini on your whole party to find the town and then go through the dungeon as mini, which means you can only cast spells you can't fight.
So you ought to think about switching your entire party to black mages before you, well, three black mages and a white mage before you go mini so that you have the firepower and then you have to mix up your spells.
There's actually a lot of fun logic puzzles in a way to think about with it.
What?
There's also stuff like that in Final Fantasy V, which also didn't get released originally in the US.
There's the whole point that you have to do that for reaching certain elvish creatures and then you've got to do other puzzles similar to that in the Moogle Village and yeah.
And then Final Fantasy 4 literally dumbed down for America.
Which I'm sure most people know that at this point, but we actually had what they ended up re-releasing in Japan as Final Fantasy 4 Easy Type.
Is the actual Final Fantasy 2 US.
So, because they um... I played through the original on my channel, remember?
Yeah, I do.
I do.
It's and it's, yeah, and well, and now the pixel remasters and all that they emulate the original.
They don't, you know, Easy Type is just a Ted Woosley memory in our heart, apparently at this point.
But it's, it's, uh, and all the translation issues.
Yes, yes.
Some of that, though, not all of that is the translator.
Because like things like the Holy Spell being renamed, that wasn't it called White?
in the original.
Pearl, maybe, was what they called it.
But they had to change the name because you couldn't say holy in a Nintendo game.
That was unholy to say holy.
Anyway.
Anyway, Final Fantasy tangent, but I'm enjoying three the pixel remaster.
So if you are where I'm at, and you are saying, I want to be all of the pixel remasters, and I played one, I don't want to play two, I want to give you permission to do what I did and give your let yourself give yourself a just skip to just skip it.
You can always come back to it later.
just skip it, enjoy three, enjoy four, five, six, and then there you go.
That's so that's my plan.
I will probably stream four and not use a guide.
Because four is one where it's like if I have to play that a second time to get everything I actually don't care as much.
So four and six I'll probably stream because I could play those forever.
I like three and five though.
Like I don't I don't know why I played through five.
Yes, well, I don't think I actually beat it.
I think I got like very very far.
Hey, and I'll throw this out there.
You might actually super enjoy Rura no Hiho.
I've got a translation of it.
It's really fun.
I think it would be right up your alley.
I wonder if Square Enix might think about that as a re-release later in the same style as Live Alive.
Did you play through Live Alive?
No, but I want to get the redone one.
Live Alive is... I want the redone version and Seiken 3.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Those are, I'm so glad I played those because they were so much fun.
Although I'm pretty much going to be going back to, I think I'm going to do either Star Ocean original or Emerald Dragon next.
I haven't decided.
But I'm loving this Square Enix going back and bringing out like the
I'm using my quotey fingers, obscure to us JRPGs now in this new engine that they've been doing in the past couple years.
I think ever since they realized they could use the engine they made for, you know, Octopath Traveler and Triangle Strategy and all this stuff, like they can use that engine to remake old games too.
And it's great.
So I hope they keep it going and bring us other games.
We'll see.
I really, I would, I would petition them to bring Rudran Elhiho out.
Especially with the such unique magic system in there.
With the, with the mantras and all that.
Well, they might be working on Chrono Trigger though.
That's the popular rumor is that they're finally going to give us what we fucking want and give us Chrono Trigger in that engine.
How many more endings are they going to add to it?
Ooh, that's actually, that's legit, legit a good question.
Well, with the PlayStation ones, they added more endings.
Yeah, we should get more endings.
Dan and I have played through eight of the endings together, nine, something like that.
We did a bunch of them.
I want a dog ending.
That'd be great.
And then I want a Wayne's... Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof.
I want a Wayne's World mega happy ending as well.
Yeah.
I love you, Goth.
I love you, Dream Woman.
I want to watch that again.
I know.
I need to watch Wayne's World.
I was going to say and Wayne's World 2, but not really.
Wayne's World 2 was not nearly as good.
So even if I had Christopher Walken.
Moments.
But yeah, Wayne's World was.
Peak 90s cinema.
Peak 90s cinema.
Anyway.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, you know, my other favorite 90s movie.
which is completely on a different direction as pump up the volume.
Showgirls.
You don't know shit.
All right.
Let's move on.
You know, the last time I saw that was at the Peaches Christ Midnight Mass.
That was a while ago.
She ended that a while ago, but I think that was last time I saw it, too, to be honest.
We watched it at your house one one.
Didn't we watch it at your house one Christmas with, you know, the girl we don't hang out with anymore?
Yeah.
So yeah, yeah, yeah.
I feel like that was the last time I saw it.
Yeah, her.
So anyway.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Oh God, no Skitsaberry.
Pump up the show, girl.
Let's talk about some of the other things that have been going on in gaming this week.
Not that there's a ton of stuff, but there's still a few things here and there, such as what ought to happen to these leakers and folks that release information early, right?
Loki, accountability.
Well, yeah, accountability.
I don't necessarily agree with the life sentence, but apparently the hacker.
Well, I understand the reasoning for it.
So like basically the hacker that was responsible for the Grand Theft Auto 6 leak, which was only 18, basically has been he's been sentenced to life in a hospital prison.
and can only be released if Dr. Society is no longer a danger to others.
Probably because the guy that was sentenced to that said that as soon as I get out, I'm going to do this again and again and again and again.
So they're like, well, you can't.
Continue to express the intent to return to cybercrime as soon as possible, calling him highly motivated.
Also claimed that he was violent while held in custody for the trial.
So he's got mental issues, probably.
So yeah, I hope that this is appropriate for the crime and not because Rockstar Games is a big company and so they pressured the court systems to make an example of this person type of thing.
Well, him admitting some of those things is not a great look either.
Like if you literally say, don't let me out of here, I'll do it again.
and Matt.
Alright, well, I wonder though, maybe I've watched too many Netflix shows, but do you think this guy knows the people that just did the insomniac thing?
Do you think that this guy could like rat on the Insomniac people?
No, I don't think so.
Okay, I guess I watch too much TV dramas.
The hackers don't all know each other.
This isn't like a big hacking network.
I mean, they have individual like groups, but they're not all like, hey, welcome to hack.
I mean, I guess they do have hacker cons.
Thank you for watching!
Yeah, I don't think that they have it.
Well, Bobby Blackoaf also points out, and this is just so, you know, any person that attends these cons listenings understands, we do get it.
Bobby Blackoaf points out DEF CON is like a white hat hacker con.
Right.
There are no black hat hacker cons.
And of course, white hat means hacking for good, security prevention or, you know, those those sorts of things, not security.
You know what I mean?
Or a challenge.
Exactly.
Or for fun, but not hurting anybody.
You know, when someone says that their console is unhackable and then- Putting Linux on a toaster.
That doesn't prevent people from, you know, figuring out how to do that stuff.
What have I started?
All right.
Anyhow.
You know, I hear all this talk about putting Linux on a toaster.
Why not Linux on toast?
I've been waiting for that.
Come on.
Maybe at next year's DevCon.
Well, don't they have like those little toaster printer things that you could do like Hello Kitty or something?
Just put the penguin on it.
Yes.
And then you have the Linux logo on toast.
One step closer.
It's basically the equivalent of when computers ran on punch cards, except the punch card is a piece of bread.
That's that's where we're moving to.
I have a story about punch cards, Rob.
OK, why not?
It's the holidays.
One of my friends was a Fortran programmer in the 70s and had a bunch of punch cards left over from, you know, programming stuff and turned them into lampshades.
I can see that.
I can see that.
That's fun.
Laminated them and made them into lampshades.
You know what, though?
That's art.
This is the same person that also
That's art.
People would pay money for that.
This is the same person that also took the 11 inch floppies and made storage containers out of them.
It's just, it's recycling.
Yes, floppies came that big, kids.
It's just recycling.
Floppies were the size of your head.
All right.
Um, anyway, let's move on and talk about Oh, a really feel good story for the holidays.
You know, since you know, we are taping this show on Christmas Eve.
You know, Merry Christmas, Merry whatever you celebrate, because we just got news that Bobby Kotick will be leaving Activision Blizzard two days earlier than expected.
And so by the time you know what, this is the last Orange Lounge Radio, where Bobby Kotick is in the gaming industry.
And doesn't that feel good, y'all?
because Bobby Kotick will be a thing of the past after December 29th.
He has been a toxic person in this industry for 32 years and to which we say, don't let the door hit you in the big fat ass on the way out.
Okay, so goodbye.
Yeah.
December 29, 2023
Go back to last week's show if you would like to listen to that.
We all know it's not going to happen, but I can still wish, I can still wish upon a star because it is that season.
They are letting folks know at Activision though, with the departure, they're letting people know about some other people that are leaving as well.
And then for most folks, and they say in this email from Phil Spencer to Activision, your day-to-day work will remain the same.
It's still business as usual in bringing more groundbreaking experiences to more players around the world.
At the leadership level, these changes will provide the clarity and accountability that is necessary to achieve our ambitious goals and foster a culture that is welcoming, empowering, and committed to gaming for everyone.
I am your God now, Phil Spencer.
and Bobby Kotick.
I'm assuming that Bobby Kotick is getting out of the industry two days early because he needs that extra time to flee the country after the news has come out that, you know, whose lists are going to be released by the government in January.
And, you know, if if.
Allegedly, if a person's name was maybe too in tied with those lists.
I might want to be really far away when that comes out.
Yep.
So Sia Tabiri says insert toxic violin stinger here.
I can raise that one level.
Oh, it's cutting in and out, but I could.
I heard.
Oh, sorry.
It was the shade.
I could hear just part of the shade.
Shade rattle in there.
Yes.
Yeah, that that that I think is is appropriate.
So.
All right.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, um, we have some Silent Hill 2 news.
So, basically, um, we have, uh, Bloober Team is developing a game, uh, with, uh, Skybound Entertainment, it looks like.
There are a number of things actually on the list, but they are working on Silent Hill 2 right now, and it looks like that's one of the games they may be working on with them.
Now, they're also, though, on the list of things that Skybound is known for.
I mean, that's Walking Dead, you know?
So they've got a pretty decent track record, I think.
On top of that, though, I mean, if we can get a Silent Hill 2 that is
I'm trying to think of a tactful way to say this.
Acceptable.
No, no, no, not acceptable.
I'm thinking of exceptional.
I want an exceptional Silent Hill 2.
Of course, I would have also liked a Silent Hill 3, hint, hint, nudge, nudge.
But I think that
It could be great.
Now, the other thing too, though, is that Blooper is also going to be developing a game that's based off of one of Skybound's IPs, and so that's where there's speculation about Walking Dead, but we don't exactly know which one it is.
Could be interesting if it goes that way, towards Walking Dead, because Walking Dead's kind of had a mixed reception on consoles.
The Telltale games are pretty much accepted as some of the greatest games that were made.
But there were some shooty games as well that were the opposite of that, and more along the lines of the reception of Gollum, Lord of the Rings, or whatever the fuck that King Kong game was that they made in a year that's very obvious.
So so hopefully if Silent Hill 2 is good because bloopers had a little bit of it There's some hits some misses So as long as like DarkSakura said it's on the hit side of things.
This could be very exciting.
So we'll see I'm really Fingers crossed.
Oh, and by the way, it was denied that there's any sort of pyramid head origin story happening Oh, that's good
I
Um, so one, we're kind of speculating, like, what's the next Zelda game going to be, obviously, because they've said that they're not going to be doing any more in that whole Breath of the Wild, Tears of the Kingdom universe.
It's going to be a brand new thing that comes out whenever
Zelda
Not a lot of people have enough creativity to be able to do that.
They said, when we're creating games like Tears of the Kingdom, I think it's important that we don't make creativity a requirement.
Instead, we put things into the game that encourage people to be creative and give them the opportunity to be creative without forcing them to.
So apparently, forcing people to be creative is not the thing.
But to that I say,
then don't buy the game.
Like if you knew it was a game where you're just creating levels, that's its own thing.
It's like Mario Maker.
I don't go to Mario Maker thinking that's a brand new Mario game.
I think of it as a game I can make Mario games or levels in.
Right.
So that seems like a bad excuse.
Besides, I think they have like a dungeon creator type thing in the Link's Awakening remake.
So.
It's not entirely true.
Yeah.
Um, we'll see.
We'll see what I was just thinking, though, that I saw the you talk about create creativity and, you know, tears, the kingdom, I saw the funniest video.
It was somebody created this contraption and what they did.
So link picks up a chicken and throws it into a box.
So the box is there and there's all these lasers above the box.
So when the chicken lands in the box, the lasers go.
and start like covering the box and then there's a little conveyor belt outside the box and after the lasers go out pops after like 10 seconds a little roasted chicken comes out the conveyor belts and it's like a four-star roasted chicken in a microwave it's it's literally a chicken murdering machine that just like awesome
I need to do this.
I mean, la la la la la.
It reminds me of the whole like, what part of the chicken is the McNugget on?
It's like, yes, the chicken just turns into a roasted chicken.
It's brilliant.
Anyway.
That is that's, I mean, and that's why maybe we don't need a Zelda maker, right?
Because these games end up being the makers and you can make horrific things to your heart's content in these games.
And it's fun.
Alright, I wonder what that machine does to people, though.
Can you pick up, or I guess- It's made of people!
H-Bokoblin!
I guess you can't pick up people and throw them into the box, but at least maybe a Moblin or something?
I don't know.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Oh my god, this news is epic.
I'm sorry.
This is some this is amazing.
And people were talking about this in our discord server this week over at vognetwork.com slash discord and I was like, what for real?
Okay, so here's the deal.
Who knew?
Alien Resurrection.
That's right, the fourth Alien movie.
Who knew this was going to be so important all these years later?
Because the game, based off the Sigourney Weaver and Winona Ryder starring film, has been unveiled this week to contain the ultimate cheat code.
So this game came out in 2000, Alien Resurrection, and it was pretty much towards the end of the PlayStation's lifespan, because PS2 came out in 2001.
Argonaut was the studio that made the game and they had previously worked on things like Star Fox and Star Glider.
So, you know, they worked at this.
And a cheat code has been unveiled this week by a former Argonaut staffer, Martin Piper.
He revealed that the game contains a hidden cheat mode that allows you to play a bootleg game on your PlayStation without the need for an internal mod chip.
That's right.
It allows you to just open the lid, do a disc swap, put the new game in and go to town.
You don't need it.
You don't need one of the cartridge slots in the back, like what I used to have.
Jamie was the one that taught me how to do that, by the way.
You don't need a paper clip.
You don't need any of that stuff.
Paperclip was the original way.
Yeah.
You just, it's been hidden for 23 years.
It says you still have to put a piece of card to keep the lid, the sensor open.
So you can't.
You will still need a paperclip.
Unnoticed ever.
He was basically like, I'm trying to find the quote that he said, but he was basically, oh, here it is.
I figured it was so long ago and that I didn't want to get old and die without letting go of these kinds of secrets.
What a hero, honestly.
And yeah, he, he just wanted this whole thing went unnoticed because he wanted to find out if this could be changed without having to reset the PS1.
He didn't tell any of the other developers.
He didn't tell Sony himself.
He didn't tell anybody else about this test.
Because you're supposed to report to Sony when these games go through certification.
Here's all the cheat codes and here's what they do.
But he didn't submit this one in that.
So.
Well, bless him.
He's the hero Gotham deserves.
with all this talk about gaming preservation, right?
I mean, we had these other ways of hacking a PS1.
So it's like, I feel like for the most part, people can still access and play the PS1 games they want to play.
But this sort of sets the stage, like, honestly, in my mind, I'm like, okay, what's next?
Who did it on the PS2?
What game snuck it in there on the PS2 or the PS3?
Like, are we going to find that there's other consoles that had something like this as well?
Because that's going to be pretty amazing if so.
I mean, I think there have been other games that have had stuff like that.
A lot of them they catch, especially if they're updatable.
Some of these older ones, though, like with the PlayStation, you can't update PlayStation games, at least the physical games anymore.
So there have been things like I know there was like one, there's like an emulator like that they had on the there's like several emulators on the DS that were hidden in games, allowed you to play like retro games and stuff.
So.
okay so somebody is asking what's the actual cheat code get a pen and paper ready when the game loads you go into the game's option menu to unlock the cheat menu to unlock the cheat menu circle left right circle up r2 that will enable the cheat menu okay now if you want to expand the cheat menu to include stage select you press r1 down r1 right
L1 up, L2 square.
That will enable the stage selection.
Now, this cheat code is three layers deep, okay?
This is the seven layer bean dip of cheat codes, okay?
Here we go.
Now, finally, that you've unlocked that, to get the console to boot the disc,
Left, Up, Right, Down, Right, Up, Left, Square, Triangle, Square, Triangle, L1.
A sound will tell you that the cheat has been applied.
You go back to the cheat menu and you select Level 6, Section 1.
hold L1, press X, and you keep holding L1 and the disc stops spinning.
Now you swap the backup disc with the original disc.
And after swapping, hold square and triangle along with L1 and release them all to boot the backup disc.
Simple, right?
I hope you were writing fast.
I wonder if it works with import games.
I don't see it works with pirated games.
It works with burn games.
I don't see why it wouldn't work with import games.
DarkSakura
Good luck.
All right.
Godspeed in all that.
And just just skip to the end because you know 90% of creators are going to be like, and then they're going to spend because because everything on YouTube and Loki I've learned a lot about this lately since I've been expanding more on YouTube.
I don't have any
DarkSakura
How is it?
What were some of the other ways that people could do these cheat codes?
Why might a cheat code like this be important?
Let's talk a little bit about game preservation.
They want to keep your attention for 20 minutes to rank up their watch hours before they then just give you the fucking cheat code.
It's the number one thing I hate about YouTube right now.
And it's all because the monetizing algorithm is waiting watch hours.
Anyway, mm hmm.
Sorry, I'll get off.
I'll get off my chair.
I still don't know if the game's gotten any more value.
I'm looking on eBay.
Oh, especially on eBay.
You're probably going to see that right away.
This is the type of game like you want to go to your flea markets and that sort of thing like this weekend before news really circulates about this, because the value of this has to go way up after this news comes out.
Absolutely.
$355, $425.
It's already happened.
Maybe wait for this to stabilize a little bit too.
Then again, also Alien Trilogy is also up there, but hits for the Alien Resurrection are pretty expensive.
Wow, just get an emulator at that point.
Still, kind of neat.
Or, you know what, just... I mean, really?
I told you back before KB went under, we tore up an entire KB trying to find the last PlayStation that had the I.O.
port on the back and we found one.
Oh, yeah.
Staff took it as a personal challenge.
I love it.
It was pretty great.
All right.
Let's move on.
And DarkSakura, from the past to the future and futures past, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, Sega has their whole revival thing going on.
And we have some new information for the revivals coming out.
We have Crazy Taxi, Golden Axe, Jet Set Radio, Shinobi, Streets of Rage.
They announced this on December 12th at their management meeting.
Jet Set Radio will be in open world Tokyo.
Streets of Rage is titled Streets of Rage Revolution.
So, yeah, I mean, these, just looking at the artwork for them looks pretty, pretty rad.
But yeah, it actually says on the Jet Set Radio little teaser image
I'll just read it aloud.
Counterculture, Tokyo streets, open world.
Experience the rebellion movement that feels free in a suffocating society.
Make friends, increase your fans, and create a movement.
Shinobi's artwork looks just pretty epic too, but it says, grab Oborozuki, the legendary sword, and slay evil once more.
Your clan and the world are counting on you.
And then Streets of Rage Revolution just says, beloved side-scrolling beat-em-up action series, take control of one of the ex-officers and make the city a place where people no longer have to walk the streets of rage.
I'm excited about these revivals.
The Jet Set Radio being open world is very interesting.
So, yeah.
Looking forward to seeing what develops.
I wonder if any of these will actually come out next year.
We'll see.
CrazyTaxi1 says something that's giving me pause.
It says, cheerful feeling of freedom cross fusion of nature and city.
I'm assuming that just means you can drop people off in the forest.
I wonder if it's modeled after San Francisco again.
Maybe you drive across the Golden Gate and drop people off.
I don't know.
Who knows?
In Marin.
Yeah, in Marin.
Here's the Skywalker Ranch.
Bye.
I was like, which isn't really, but it's a little more rural than a lot of a lot of the areas out there.
So I mean, it's kind of up in the hilly part of Marin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, and usually a lot of those games, I don't know, it's dense things.
Yeah.
Well, I mean,
But we have so much more capability now than than that era, the Naomi Dreamcast era.
You know, I think they could do.
I mean, we'll look at the GTA games.
What if, you know, we had a crazy taxi that like.
Had, you know, that kind of a scale, that would be pretty intense.
And to be fair, some people play GTA like it is crazy taxi, except instead of dropping the passengers off, they kill them.
Crazy Carmageddon
like a mode that's like a crazy race where you have to get from point A to point B against another player but you have to pick up passengers on the way and drop them off because that's the only way you're gonna refuel your time limit.
Didn't they have that like the Dreamcast version?
I didn't think it was like that.
Like couldn't you play multiplayer split screen in that?
But it wasn't quite like what I was thinking.
Cause I, I, you know, like do something like, like, uh, I almost said LAN, what's up with me?
You know, online or something.
Well, it's also kind of funny to think that, like, now we live in this Lyft and Uber type of world.
So I wonder how that might impact kind of what they do with Crazy Taxi.
I don't know.
Like, I wonder if if it's actually a taxi or if it's you can drive different types of cars because it's like Lyft and Uber type of stuff now.
So I don't know.
Just food for thought.
I don't know, Crazy Taxi is just fairly timeless.
I don't think that they should mess with the formula too much.
That's fair.
Just add in like extra modes.
Oh, Sia Tabiri is mentioning that almost sounds like the one Simpsons driving game.
That's right.
I remember the Simpsons hit and run.
The Simpsons hit and run.
Yeah, that was fun.
Orange Wright says Crazy Taxi competitive mode.
That seems like it would be interesting.
Esports.
DarkSakura is ready to get into e-sports with Competitive Crazy Taxi.
You know what?
Well, you know what our big thing was for a long time was Hydro Thunder.
Hydro Thunder was so good.
I remember you all had the actual fucking people don't know this.
I don't think because I don't think we ever put it on YouTube or anything.
You had an actual fucking rig.
You may still have it, but I don't know.
You have the actual fucking driving rig in your house.
Yeah.
No, we sold that years ago to my friend Travis.
But you had one.
And that wasn't necessarily... That came after Dreamcast.
Like, that was for sim racing.
Still, I always thought that was like... There's dedication to your craft, and then there's that.
Oh, no.
You should see some of the big sim racers out there, though, that like... We saw this one person who literally bought a race car.
And built his multi-window rig inside of a race car.
Simracing is, is nuts.
You should just check out like the Fanatic forums, F-A-N-A-T-I-C, or with a K, something like that.
But, um, they're one of the, the big, uh, you know, they, them Thrustmaster.
I mean, there's the companies that do all the sim rigs, but I would love having something like that set up for Hydro Thunder or Crazy Taxi.
You know, it doesn't have to be all of that.
You know, multi screen and all of this in front of you.
It just needs to be, you know, something that give you a little bit of arcade experience.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
We have just a couple more stories for you, and then we're going to get to the classic game of the week and all that good stuff.
So, Loki, I guess I kind of spoiled this one earlier.
Sorry, but it was it was kind of in line with what we were talking about at the top.
I mean,
Yeah, so like, you know, well, we just had a couple leaks, so how about a couple more?
You know, now we have Ubisoft saying that on December 20th, an unknown threat actor compromised Ubisoft.
They had individual access for roughly 48 hours, and they aimed to exfiltrate roughly 900 gigabytes of data, but lost access.
So couldn't get that download finished, I guess.
But yeah, they did apparently review, I guess, data through Microsoft Teams, Confluence, and SharePoint.
Looking at corporate documents, I guess.
Not sure, though.
It says screenshots.
Apparently, the person that did get in there did have screenshots from the hack, and now they're investigating to see what the extent of it was.
So don't be surprised if you get Ubisoft leaks here in the next week or so.
Cause it's just going to keep happening.
You got to tighten your security folks.
Bobby Blackelvenchat says this happens more often than is reported.
Yeah, I wonder to what extent.
I'm sure there has to be some sort of sharing that happens between companies.
This is very common.
Companies that you wouldn't think would work together do when it comes to things like fraud, hacking, these sorts of things.
I don't know how much I want to say, but in my former job, I was aware of some of this stuff about how like we would work with competitors.
And you would think, why would these companies work together?
It's because of this.
I truly do not know how much this goes on in the gaming industry, how much that type of partnership happens.
I imagine it must.
And it's one of those things that just isn't talked about for obvious reasons, because you don't want the hackers to know, you know, the bad hackers to know that they're working together, they're enhancing this here.
If this isn't happening,
DarkSakura, VOG Network, Ranma, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
you name it.
that a lot of that is not kind of out there.
But I get why not like I can understand like, yeah, they don't want the hackers to know like how they work together.
But it's a interesting Bobby Blackwell in chat says the industry doesn't hate each other like the consumers do.
Oh, yeah, well, I'll leave that to the youtubers.
All right.
And certain Twitch streamers to be fair, I don't want to just make this a YouTube problem.
It's just the excessiveness for clicks problem.
All right.
Anyway, let's talk about the type of stuff that ought to be getting clicks, dang it.
And that is some re-releases of some retro PC titles.
And when I mean retro, I mean, like, the really cool retro shit.
SSI, or Strategy Simulations Inc., and Mindscape Games.
being re-released by the company SNEG on Steam or GOG, good old games, depending on where you prefer to get your games.
Some of the games that are coming out with this re-release include... Yes, Bobby Blackwell says this is the Quest Buster section.
Very much, but like, you know what?
Rob Roberts sees some good stuff in here too, so there's this little something in here for everybody.
So, the Fantasy Collection, including Fantasy, Fantasy 2, Fantasy 3, and Fantasy 4, which was exclusively a Japanese home computer release, by the way, even though it was an American developer that made it.
Those are coming.
We also have the Great Naval Battles Collection.
Wargame Construction Set Collection Star Command Prophecy of the Shadow Renegade Battle for Jacob's Star
which was a sequel to Renegade Legion, which has not been re-released yet.
And then we also have Savage Warriors, which is a fighting game, and then Warbreeds, which is like a 90s RTS, but you can modify the unit's DNA to create new configurations.
So you know what?
There's probably a lot of people that have never heard of these games, and that is exactly why they're being re-released, because this is a really kind of niche
Speaking of bringing niche games to the forefront, love that transition, so roll that bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
And what did you pick for us this week, DarkSakura?
Well, I pointed my compass at Europe and I went for Asterix.
So there were a few different platform games that were created and I thought I had picked the first one.
There we go.
Okay.
So, um, I actually am going for- I'm trying- You know, this is actually a little bit embarrassing because I thought I had picked the right one.
So, um, we are gonna go with, uh, just, I guess, uh, some of the games in the series.
Um...
Super Nintendo
You know what, I think I had the right one after all, so pardon me.
It's Super Nintendo, is the one we're looking at.
Yeah, the game is Asterix.
And it is... There are actually three platform games that came out for the NES, the SNES, and the Game Boy.
And they're all based off of a comic book series called Asterix.
They were only available in PAL regions, so they were all exclusively European.
So basically, to go a little bit more with the SNES one, it actually was released in 1993.
There was a US release to be considered, but it was cancelled.
So basically, a little bit of backstory if no one's familiar with Asterix and Obelix.
It's a comic that came out in France by an artist who
His name is Albert M. Uderzo and also created by Ren, I'm going to mispronounce this, Goscinny, who is a Belgian-French artist.
Anyway, but it's about these Gauls who resisted Roman occupation and
They are basically, it's their adventures post the Gaulish Wars.
There's lots of history involved in it, like real historical references.
At any rate, you play as Asterix in this one, and you have to go through different levels all over Europe fighting Romans and animals, and you have to rescue your friend Obelix before Caesar has him thrown to the lions.
It takes place in 50 BCE, where Gaul is completely occupied by the Romans and you come from this one village that continues to resist and has a magic potion that makes them invincible.
But now that Obelix is gone, basically the Romans have taken him off and you have to go save him.
This game, I mean, it's very simple, little platformer.
If you can find one that, you know, I'm sure that there are conversions now that make them run at NTSC rates.
I've played it.
It's actually pretty fun.
Just a nice little engaging platformer.
But the thing is that as far as popularity, two of the biggest franchises at that time in Europe were Asterix and the Smurfs.
And we got the Smurfs over here.
We got tons of Smurfs games.
But Asterix... Now, I remember the Asterix comics being translated in the Sunday paper.
I was gonna say, I also remember the SNES Asterix game that was a blockbuster.
It didn't come out in the US.
Really?
I swear, I remember seeing it.
So, um, it was cancelled in the US.
Asterix Games.
Um, but basically, um, there was, yeah, there was, I believe, an unreleased version that's floating out there and, like, some Smurfs games.
Um, but yeah, it was cancelled for the US release, but I do believe that there were other Asterix games that did eventually come out.
Um, and indeed, uh,
Hold on, I'll be able to, I think I know which one did come out over here.
And I want to say it was one of the PlayStation releases.
There was, well, maybe it was one of the Sega ones, but I don't think so, because there was Asterix and the Power of the Gods, and there was Asterix the Great Rescue, but I don't believe that either of them
Hmm, yeah, I don't remember now.
Yeah, there were there were though a bunch of like a bunch.
Oh, you know what I'm thinking?
I'm thinking the Lost Vikings.
That's what I'm thinking.
The Lost Vikings?
Yeah, that's similar, similar, but not quite.
There was the PlayStation one that we didn't get as well that had like really terrible realistic artwork on it.
There was Asterix and Obelix XXL.
There were a few of those that were on PS2.
I don't know that we ever got those.
There was Asterix at the Olympic Games.
That one did come out in the U.S., 2008.
So we did get a few of the games in the U.S., but not many of them just because they didn't have the same popularity here.
Although I remember very clearly reading the comics when I was a kid.
Yeah, Great Rescue did make it.
Thank you, OrangeRite.
But I would say, you know, if you can find an NTSC conversion for the game, definitely give it a play.
It's a fun one.
But that's it.
It's Asterix.
All right.
There it is.
Product of France.
And product of this classic Game of the Week segment.
The last one.
are here!
All right.
Yeah, you might find some repeats from other things I've brought up, but we've got some interesting ones.
I'll send you and Loki the preliminary list so you can get an idea.
Sounds good.
All right, well, we're just about to the end of what we have.
Yeah, Bobby says so asterisk SNES can be a game next month too.
Because it was canceled.
Get it?
All right.
Let's move on and talk about some other news very quickly here.
We're actually getting towards the end because again, with it being a holiday week, we don't have quite as much news, but we have at least one email tonight and maybe some calls.
But let's check in with Rapid Fire News first with just Loki with a couple stories tonight.
Yeah, so a couple quick announcements.
So there is a big announcement by Amazon Studios and Games Workshop that they are working with Henry Cavill to bring Warhammer 40,000 to movies and television.
They're going to be having multiple projects based around that.
And I know Henry Cavill is a very huge Warhammer fan.
So that's exciting.
And he's going to be an executive producer on these.
So someone that clearly loves the franchise, going to bring that stuff to the screen.
Sign me up.
I'm down.
PlayStation 5 has surpassed 50 million units sold now.
Not bad, considering they had shortages for a long time.
Yeah.
That's very well done to them.
Yep.
All right.
Well, we'll get some other news in a couple weeks.
So we're back.
But for now, let's travel around the world and check out release dates.
I, I have a feeling it's going to be a big zilch because this is going to be this is almost nothing, but I'm going to check anyway.
Just be thorough.
Do we have anything coming out in the US this week, Loki?
We have pinball M coming out Nintendo switch.
That's it.
Oh, I forgot to mention I did play that this week a little bit.
I picked up the free version of that because it comes with one table free.
And then you can play the other tables for like a three minute trial.
And I did try that Dead by Daylight table.
And the thing that cracked me up most about the Dead by Daylight table is that I was like, oh, OK, it's like the core four survivors.
But then when I looked carefully, I was like, oh, it's Dwight.
Claudette, Jake, and Fong Min are the survivors.
And I was like, wait a minute.
I was like, that's actually not the core four.
Oh my God.
They deleted Meg.
Nope.
Fong Min has taken her place officially.
That crapped me up.
Why do they keep giving her all the cosmetics and now they take out Meg?
How dare?
It's rude.
It's just the pinball table.
And who knows?
There could be more.
And, you know, who knows?
But it did crack me.
They're like treating her like Meg from Family Guy.
Yeah.
And to be fair, I think the pinball table is from the perspective of the trapper, because I think you're actually trying to hook the survivors.
I couldn't really tell what the story was going on.
But yeah, I did play that just a little bit.
So.
All right, well, traveling over to Japan and checking out the releases there, nothing.
The only thing of note is that if you still, I don't know how you could possibly still have not beaten Yakuza Like a Dragon.
But if that's you, you can now get a price-reduced version coming out in Japan this week on the PlayStation 5.
That is the only new release, because technically it's a new pressing of the game, because it gets the special box that says, I'm cheap.
So that is the only release in Japan this week on the 26th.
DarkSakura, anything in Europe?
Nothing.
Nothing.
No.
All right.
Well, we'll try again in a couple weeks when things maybe will pick up a little bit again as we get into the new year.
It used to be that January was usually a barren month, but that pattern's kind of changed in the last couple years, so be curious to see that when we come back.
Alright, let's get to the listener roundtable where we invite your calls and so forth to participate with our show tonight.
We also invite your emails every week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRater.com is the place to send your emails.
And I believe we do have one to read tonight, right, DarkSakura?
We do.
It was one that I missed and I'm sorry about this.
So this was from the 12th.
It was buried in the spam.
So I'll go ahead and read.
Hey OLR, it's been a while since I last wrote in.
I heard on the last episode that Loki got a Playdate console and wanted to confirm that it's become a wonderful platform for making indie games.
Not only is the development platform free and well-documented, but there's now a healthy, if small, market of players willing to pay for tiny indie games.
I was lucky to be in the first batch of pre-orders and released a puzzle game called Squish last summer.
To my delight, it's now sold over a thousand copies.
I can't see that ever happening for me on mobile or PC.
Best of luck with your Playdate development, Loki.
Perhaps a one-bit pixel poops.
Elliot B.
I thought about that.
That's a possibility.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
I got the one code for Squish, and I need to figure out how to sideload stuff.
I think there's a way to do it.
You have to go and log into your Play Day account and do it that way.
But that should be fine.
I was thinking game-wise, yeah, I still want to do a mini-golf game, I think.
That would be really good, especially with the crank, because executive golf is okay, but it's not...
It's not like a real golf game.
It's just side scrolling.
It's kind of weird.
But I think a game that actually used the crank as like a putter, so you're actually like swinging it like a putter and like how fast you swing it now, all that would be really cool to just have it almost completely cranked base.
Patent pending.
Somebody's gonna steal your idea, Loki.
You're saying too much.
Patent pending.
It has to be some fishing games on there, I'm sure.
There's a fishing game, and then there's one that's called Real Steel, and it's basically, you're using a fishing rod, and it's almost like that Mission Impossible thing, where you're dropping in to steal things, so you're using a fishing rod in that sense as well, and you crank the guy up and down and steal stuff.
I just had an idea.
Bungie ferret tossing with the crank.
How do you toss the... Oh, I guess swinging it back and forth?
I mean, yeah, you can make it.
Like, you just have to...
CodeWithIt, because they have their pulp editor, which is kind of drag and drop, and it's got its own scripting language with it.
Or if you want to go more traditional, there is Lua.
And if you really want to get into high performance with that, there's C APIs for it as well.
Yeah, I'm not sure what I would need for... pulp might be enough, but there's a lot of tutorials out there showing just how to use the pulp editor and everything.
It's worth messing around with.
At the very least, even if you can't get a playdate, you can play it through their emulator that they have on their website, so you can play stuff that way and test stuff out.
Well, maybe I'll take a look at it.
I don't know.
I've got one lesson left on my Python course.
That's kind of where I'm focusing.
Thanks for watching!
Have you pooped on your friends right now?
Poop with friends.
What's an OLR pinball golf game?
How would that work?
Pinball golf?
I mean, pinball golf could be fun.
I like was thinking like when I think of a golf, like a mini golf game, like prime mini golf game, 3D Ultra mini golf obviously is good.
Those are like pretty awesome.
But even like the first mini golf game that I really liked was on the Apple II and it was called Gnarly Golf.
And that's kind of what I'm trying to emulate there, because it's basically like courses where not traditional stuff is like, oh, you're a golf ball in a prison cell, and you have to figure out where the hole is.
Or, oh, this one, you're in a backyard, and you have to avoid a hose, and stuff like that.
That's my kind of thought.
But yeah, regular mini-golf stuff.
It'll be fun.
Mini-golf's a fun pick-up-and-play type thing.
Yeah.
But there's not really... I'm surprised there's not any on there.
I mean, there's a tank golf game and then there's executive golf.
If you keep talking and don't do it, somebody's gonna... Look, you've got a Playdate developer listening to this show.
That's fine.
If I'm Elliot B, I'm sitting there twiddling my fingers going, yes, this sounds like a very good idea to add to my collection of games.
That fool, Loki, giving me ideas for free.
And Bobby, Bobby's literally admitting to doing the same thing right now in chat.
All good?
All right.
You can do it.
And there's not a lot of games on their storefront, like their storefront has
like 50 or 60 games.
It's not a lot.
So like it's easy to stand out so far.
All right.
Well, I'm going to assume there's no last minute stories tonight.
Oh, I did want to mention one last thing I just had.
I had to laugh and it's not even really newsworthy, but the Amico at home added another game to their platform, which I was like, it looks like crap, but whatever.
Um, why even put out that announcement, but, oh, you got a whole total of three games on your platform that requires two mobile devices to actually even use.
They are, they are selling what they can to make any kind of income right now.
But I will bet you've probably sold more copies of Pixel Poops than they've sold of Shark Shark.
So you can, you can go to sleep at night thinking about that.
All right.
Anyhow, that is going to wrap it up for our special holiday edition of the show.
Again, just to recap what's coming up next week, we will not be here.
So the weekend of New Year's Eve, there will be no show.
So no show here and no show on the podcast feed.
So hope you all have a great new year and a safe one, of course.
We will be back live the Sunday after New Year's Eve, which would be January the 7th.
Looking at my calendar here.
at our normal time, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific.
We will be back with the next episode of our program.
I hope you all have a great couple weeks and enjoying the rest of your 2023.
Look forward to 2024 and all the stuff coming up.
So that's going to do it.
DarkSakura, are you streaming today or are you just not doing that today or what?
Probably not.
Okay.
Just, you know, it's holiday.
If I stream, I stream.
If I don't, I don't.
But, um, you know what, I'll put it, you know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna buy somebody a copy of Pixel Poops number 2.
There you go.
I sold one yesterday, and that's been the first time in like, six months.
Somebody shit on someone for Christmas.
I love it.
DarkSakura, thank you so much for downloading our show or listening live, especially if you were here at the early time on Christmas Eve.
Super appreciate those of you that are here live.
Love all of you on the podcast feed as well.
I noticed there are some absent names tonight.
So I'm assuming y'all just have holiday plans and you'll probably catch us on the podcast feed.
So thank you.
No matter how it is you listen to this show.
We appreciate you being here and being part of the fam.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at OLR, help us spread the word, tell a friend or two.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
DarkSakura, your final thoughts tonight.
So, if I do stream, it will be around about 8.30ish, some Dead by Daylight Killer.
Who knows, maybe I'll take a request, maybe I'll play Pixel Poops.
If I can get everything working the right way.
I may not be able to on my Mac, but we'll see.
And other than that, you know, I since I won't see y'all in this form for till the new year rolls around.
I wish everyone.
In fact, I'll I'll say the same thing that I say at the end of my stream, just to be kind to yourself, be kind to other people and fact check everything.
That's all.
That's very similar to what Jerry Springer used to say without the fact-checking part.
He used to say, be kind to yourself and each other.
Or was it be good?
No, be good to yourself and each other.
Similar.
I would prefer kindness.
Goodness and kindness are different.
Fair enough.
All right.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
And my final thought is, hopefully we'll have more Minecraft content coming out.
I also, Hermitcraft Season 9 finally wrapped, and so they put their world download up, and I've uploaded that to play some Decked Out.
It's ridiculous.
Tango did an incredible job with Decked Out.
It's literally like a whole other dungeon crawling game inside vanilla Minecraft.
It's absolutely insane.
And I'm going to do something similar like that in probably a year or so, so it'll be fun.
And then my final thought is, I hope Loki will play some Lego Fortnite with me sometime.
I think that would be fun.
DarkSakura can too if she wants.
I watched someone play that last night.
Isn't it wild that it's like, wait a minute, Fortnite?
What?
No, this isn't it.
I don't know that it's enough to make me want to play Fortnite.
So, all right.
Well, thank you so much, everybody, for being here, and I appreciate it.
Hey, shout out to WayneNN in chat, who says, thanks to both OLR and Bobby for taking the time to do the early shows.
Great to be able to watch live.
Hey, if one person was able to catch it that couldn't usually catch it, it was totally worth the earlier time.
You know what?
It frees up our evenings to do our own stuff, too.
I don't mind the early time.
This was actually a lot of fun.
Thank you so much.
We need to do this more often, actually.
But thank you so much, everybody, for being here and listening.
Have a happy, safe New Year, and we will see you in two weeks.
Good night, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
