MMOs have always brought you into their world.
Sandbox games give you their tools to shape your own world out of their canvas.
Fortnite is increasingly blending the two, giving you a living world that isn't just scavenge, shoot, and survive, nor play in their sandbox, but also race and jam out when you want to, soon allowing you to pull your old plastic instruments out of their coffins.
R.I.P.
Metaverse.
This is the Shooty Player One headline.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of this week's gaming news, starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice,
hello my friends out there on the internet welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice it is orange lounge radio we are live once again tonight december the 17th of 2023 episode number 986 of our show
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here happy to be with you every single week and apologies if I sound a little off tonight.
It's because I am I'm getting over some type of sick that's had me up and down since about Tuesday.
So my voice is a little eh, so sorry about that.
But hopefully, here to here to help carry the weight this week.
Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hey,
Hey, sorry to see your cam is broken tonight, but you are still represented with your PNG avatar.
But how are you doing tonight?
Well, actually, it's a JPEG.
I'm doing fine.
I had my ballet recital last night.
And I'm pretty pooped.
Yeah, I've done nothing but sit on my butt all day.
I don't think I played anything for an entire week.
I played some Dreamlike Valley, but like,
I know the feels of sitting on your butt for an entire week, but it's, it's driving me bonkers.
Well, I was just kind of a nervous wreck all week too.
And then now I like, I have no emotions.
I, my emotion is potato.
But is it nice to be, to be done with that and have that, like I did that.
Cause that's how I feel about some of the like hosting things that sometimes make me nervous as I get on the other side of it.
And I'm like, that wasn't so bad.
And I did that.
Yay.
But think of this, your first time hosting.
This was my very first recital ever.
Um, God.
And so I think my first time hosting was at the Birdcage cinemas in front of a group of like 20 people.
So it wasn't that intimidating.
But maybe like the first time hosting a big show.
Yeah, like yeah, nerves.
Yeah, for sure.
And then it's not just remembering what you're going to say, but making your feet and your hands do the same thing and not fall over and staying on your tiptoes.
With a skirt that's too long for you.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was all that was going through my head was, remember to smile, don't fall over, don't step on the dress, you know how to do a pas de bourree, you know how to do an échappé, you know how to do this, and like, why is my leg not going up in the direction I want to?
I don't care.
I did a pirouette.
Looking at the pictures, it looked like you did a solo number.
Was that a solo thing, or would the other people just kind of cropped out of the picture?
That's a zoom in on a picture of a couple of us.
Okay, but still I mean that can go because that means you have to kind of be in sync with the others and that's a whole other pressure to it.
So there's kind of give and take on both sides.
And but I feel like now that I've got that out from under me and December is apparently always the worst one for for learning routines because we had someone quit.
Oh, yikes.
And we, so we had to completely, not like a complete re-choreographing, but we had to restructure our choreography and take into account one few person for a Grand Allegro, for example, you know, not having someone be like the point of a triangle, for example.
And we still managed to get the routine down in a month and
Say hello to TechmasterLoki!
It's a scary, it's like a scary jump scare game where you go and collect like scrap and you have to avoid all the monsters that are trying to do different things to you.
So is it, is it like a...
like uh you know these these uh collection type of like survival build games i feel like are really in right now and like lego fortnite is just like exacerbating that whole thing is it kind of one of those type of games it's not it's not really a survival game i mean it is survival in the sense that you don't want to die but like um it's not like you're crafting things for yourself it's more of like you have to go collect loot from this procedurally generated
building I guess and there's monsters in there and you have to each monster has like different ways that they behave and you have to kind of navigate that way to try to like and everything's dangerous hence the name lethal company the planet's dangerous there's dangerous mobs outside there's dangerous mobs inside it's just it's it's funny in the sense of how brutal it is
It's fun with multiplayer because when you're talking over voice chat they give you that kind of like walkie-talkie sounding voice and stuff when you're talking to each other.
So there's like a filter over it.
Yeah, things go wrong pretty fast.
All right.
Nice.
Well, hopefully everything's been going right for you personally.
And things are going well.
Good.
Any new posts on your YouTube channel as of late?
No, I was editing one today.
I've been procrastinating this week, and by procrastinating it means I build more farms when I'm procrastinating.
No, I've been working on designing the ride systems for the first ride that I'm putting in my theme park, so that's taking time to design all that.
In the meantime, though, I've been filling out the basement area of my build with, I think, like,
There's at least three, two more farms in there now.
There was going to be three, but it didn't end up working.
It blew itself up.
But so that'll be coming in like a later video.
I right now have been working on the Razeworks stuff.
I was hoping to get it all done in one episode, but I've already got 30 minutes of just end rating.
So it's probably just going to be the end.
Then there's going to be one more episode.
That's the build that I did.
All right.
All right, well, we are going to get into this week's news.
I do want to give you all a quick schedule update before we get too far into the news.
We do tape live this program, of course, every Sunday night at The Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
But
That's kind of changing up for the next couple weeks because of the unique nature of this show being on a Sunday and some pretty major holidays coming up the next couple weekends.
We're going to do some schedule changes.
So next week on December 24th, which happens to be Christmas Eve, we're going to be doing an early show.
So and our pal Bobby Blackwolf is getting in on this too.
So Bobby's going to start us off next weekend at 11 a.m.
Pacific, 2 p.m.
Eastern, and we will follow that at noon Pacific,
3pm Eastern with a special Orange Lounge Radio episode number 987 at earlier hours.
If folks overseas I know it's still Christmas Eve so folks may still not be able to join us but I know some of our folks overseas in the UK this would be an excellent opportunity for y'all to jump in and listen live if you can but I understand y'all might have family obligations that come first completely respect that.
New Year's Eve the next week, 1231, we will not be here at all.
We're going to take that weekend off, and that week tends to be a very slow news week anyway, so it's not like there will be much to miss.
We will join you once again at our usual time, 9 Eastern, 6 Pacific, on January 7th, I think the date is.
when we come back from the holiday episodes.
So once again, next week 987 early show, then a week off the 988 when we are back on a regular schedule in early January in the year 2024 if you can believe it the 22nd year that we will be broadcasting.
All right.
Um,
Philof9 in chat says let's hope a new Nintendo console isn't announced then.
Well, not that week.
Now, mid-January, anything's possible there.
I can't remember when the Switch was announced, but I don't think it was... It was like mid-January or early February, I think.
I would say it was like late January, early February.
So it's not to say we may not have some big news towards the beginning of next year.
I think we want to be careful where to set our expectations.
I do think that comment was made very tongue in cheek anyway.
But since people are thinking about the Nintendo successor and all that, you know, fun stuff, you know, it's something to
keep an eye on.
But yeah, I wouldn't put any expectations until you know, maybe when we get halfway through next year, and we still haven't seen it, then we start going weird.
You know, because halfway through next year would be the time that this really big event in the gaming industry used to happen.
And they kept saying, Oh, it'll happen again someday.
It'll happen again someday.
But Loki, is that day ever going to come?
No, no, it's not going to come anymore.
So they finally decided to basically confirm what everybody's been saying for the longest time, and that is that E3 is dead.
It is officially dead.
The ESA has said it's dead.
It says, we know the entire industry of players and creators alike have a lot of passion for E3.
We share that passion.
We know it's difficult to say goodbye to such a beloved event.
but it's the right thing to do given new opportunities our industry has to reach fans and partners.
In other words, we don't need you anymore.
They don't want to pay your fees to market themselves in a booth at your event and you've been irrelevant for years and now you're just, you know, yeah, I'm not, no one's surprised.
So, yeah.
Yep.
Um, I think maybe for this one, I am going to defer my comments here to the great Wendy Williams, who said it best in this quick five second clip.
Here you go.
She passed away.
All right.
There it is.
Which one was that?
Oh, she passed away?
All right.
Oh, I was thinking the death to all of them.
Well, I mean, maybe, maybe, maybe before this announcement.
Look, so, so here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
Like, obviously, we've known this was coming for some time, especially, especially when like, Repop, keep in mind, they partnered with Repop, never produced anything in that relationship.
And then Reidpop comes out and says the relationship is done with.
That was like, if you couldn't tell then, I don't know what to tell you.
And I know we were saying on the show when that was announced, well, this show is already dead, like it's not happening.
So this tweet is really confirming what we already know.
And look, I'm not trying to make E3 happen.
It's not going to happen much.
Pretty much.
Here's the thing.
I'm not exactly taking delight in the fact that E3 is never coming back because you know what, we had some damn good years at E3.
We had some damn good years at E3, especially, you know, like 2004, 2005.
E3.
Consumers were getting to see demos on the show floor and were not able to properly put in context that these were early builds.
There were way too many people that were basing their opinion of an entire game off of an E3 show demo that was maybe recorded on some, you know, game store manager's camera that, you know, was put live on YouTube and so forth.
That's where the show was kind of going at one point.
And I
I think, you know, because E3 kind of leaned into what the consumers wanted.
I don't think the exhibitors wanted that anymore.
And you really saw Sony kind of be the first to want to jump shark on that when E3 changed their tune the first time when they went to the airport hangar in the hotels in Long Beach in 2007, when Sony kind of threatened to quit E3 the first time.
But I actually think one of the ESA's big mistakes was not calling Sony on their bluff.
You know, Sony was throwing a fit because of how poorly the PS3 was received, but it was kind of their own damn fault.
Was their own damn fault, really.
So I think the ESA should have called them on their bluff, quite personally.
But they did start to let everybody into that show without really properly screening people.
The criteria they were using to screen people was not
It didn't match the times.
It was, do you have enough people on YouTube to get here?
Well, do you know that a lot of people get a lot of viewers on YouTubes by acting like dicks?
And I'm not saying every YouTuber acts like a dick.
Maybe Loki acts, no, I'm just kidding.
Actually, Loki does very family-friendly content.
But Loki, like, let's have some real talk.
Do you ever get frustrated at some, not all, do you ever get frustrated at some of the people who are the top Minecraft people and some of their shitty attitudes?
Do you ever get frustrated with that?
Attitudes... I mean, some people's content is certainly not for me.
Like, I feel there's a lot of stuff out there that... Yeah, it could be... Well, the YouTube algorithm will promote... What a lovely pageant answer.
Yes, there are some people out there that are considered somewhat questionable because of things that they've said or...
You know, they stream on Kick now, so people just assume, you know, that they're, you know, they're cool with the races, people, you know, since there's a lot of those on Kick as well.
But, yeah, there's, I mean, outside of even just the Minecraft space, there's a lot of people on YouTube or TikTok or whatever that are just complete
Wastes of human flesh.
I mean, so So my point is is that ESA is really the ones that put on e3 set these arbitrary goals without asking the question How did people hit these numbers?
So it really and it just kind of showed that The viewers were the most important thing and not necessarily the editorial content of what they were going to say
For example, that TryHard that keeps storming onto the stage.
Considering how many followers they probably have, they would probably qualify to get into E3.
I thought you were going to bring up the guy that took the camera in the bathroom.
That whole situation exacerbates exactly what I'm talking about.
Like, points a big neon arrow at it.
If somebody had ever evaluated why is this guy popular, he should have never been let in the door in the first place.
but the ESA was not really equipped to handle that sort of thing.
And I think it kind of did them in because they weren't able to evolve with the industry.
Well, yeah, it's hard to say like having arbitrary requirements without actually having money and research into choosing those people.
Also just don't let those people, you know, promote your game.
Cause obviously people that are like teaming up with Dr. Disrespect anyways, um, it,
He's got a persona, if you will, but you know how he acts.
And if you're willing to still promote your game with him, then that's...
You kind of invite that.
So once again, like, you know, how, how would he get invited to an event like this?
Obviously he is, he is technically an influencer for like FPS games.
There are people that agree with his opinions on that type of stuff, but he's also a bit, you know, unpredictable.
And obviously I wouldn't necessarily, you know, hitch my horse to someone that's been banned off of multiple streaming platforms, but
whatcha gonna do I guess they wanted attention that's why Paris Hilton was at an E3 event
To be fair, that was a little more on the publisher.
But let me also ask this.
Was that whole... I mean, I know it was a pain in the ass that year with the security and all that stuff, but was Paris Hilton going to E3 really the end of the world?
I don't think this big scope of things really fucking matters.
I don't think anyone cared.
Exactly.
Let them waste the money to bring her into E3.
It's ironic, though, because if Paris Hilton were to go now, I'd be like, oh, that'd be fun.
I want to go meet Paris Hilton.
She's fun.
but you know, years can change your taste and your perceptions a little bit, that's for sure.
Tigerclaw in chat says, if E3 ever comes back, it will be a name only when another company takes the name.
You know, that's an interesting thing to consider is that the ESA may have to sell the name to pay off their debts because I don't know how the ESA survives this news.
What does the ESA do for the industry other than E3?
And I'm not going to repeat the same shtick we've done on the show before where we go to their website and I show you that the things they're talking about on their website are months out of date.
And they're not doing things that are visibly beneficial for the industry.
So if they can't pivot to that sort of thing, I don't see the ESA lasting much longer than a year after this.
Philof9 in chat says, but what is the state of gaming cons anyways, would you all say?
This isn't a con, though.
It's a trade show.
That's it.
That's it.
E3 wasn't really a gaming con.
People thought it was a gaming con.
It was the trade show.
Exactly.
And I think the trade show calendar kind of just stays disrupted.
I think you have Game Developer Conference, and I think people just tend to go, you know, the actual developers and the networking part of it.
I think GDC kind of picks up the slack of that.
And then Gamescom picks up the rest of it.
and there's always there's already summer games fest was kind of replaced it anyways and people are already doing their own events around that time so it's like summer game fest they've already replaced it like several years ago summer game fest still feels a little bit like checks mix where it feels like yeah it all comes together to do this thing but it's still like you know it's a pretzel and a piece of checks like it doesn't it doesn't really feel like it has that cohesiveness yet but i feel like now it might start to glue together a little more because i think
And Bobby points out there are industry trade shows around the world, just not in the U.S.
anymore.
And I do think maybe Summer Game Fest will start to pick that up for the U.S., but I think Game Developer Conference kind of picks up a little bit more of the actual people who make the games kind of talking to each other sort of thing and networking.
And one big thing is that I don't even think that maybe like high executives at, you know, at resellers or, you know, at stores should have, you know, been permitted in.
But I don't think that anyone under a corporate level
should have been permitted to attend, honestly.
I mean, and I'm saying this as even us who went, we probably shouldn't have gone.
I'm not regretting having gone, but we probably shouldn't have gone.
We were not the intended audience, really.
You know?
Yeah, we were the ones- I mean, I was in the intended audience when I was going, you know, through my work.
So,
I don't know.
I don't agree with that.
But you personally knew how to judge what you were seeing.
And I think there were a lot of people at that level who didn't.
I think maybe what they could have done was that if they were going to allow these corporate folks to go, there should have been some type of agreement and or training that basically like, hey, if you're going as a representative of this company,
These XYZ things are okay to do and post on the internet.
These XYZ things are not okay to do and post on the internet.
And as far as I know, there was not any type of, you know, it was just open season.
The people who were intended to go probably didn't need training.
Right, right.
But there should I mean, but there still should have been something documented to that purpose.
Because obviously, we wouldn't be in this situation if it didn't.
DarkSakura, VoG Network, Ranma, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But I still don't see it.
Fine.
So Bobby in chat is pointing out GDC was for the technical side, E3 was for the publishing and marketing side.
GDC doesn't want the marketers.
I don't know it.
E3, yes, was mostly the publishing and marketing.
But when you talk about like, think about how devs would still do a lot of like the post parties and hanging out and networking on that side of thing.
Like E3 was really about networking.
DarkSakura, VoG Network, Ranma, Actdeft
Anyway, um, so there you go, some, an official update on something I think most of us kind of knew was happening anyway.
But I guess, I guess it's nice that it's out there so we can all agree that yes, E3 is now dead and we can all move on and see what, and now get answers to some of these questions about like what's next.
Is Jeff Keighley and Summer Games Fest going to make a move to try to make the presence of Summer Game Fest a bigger show?
A bigger, you know, presence that happens across multiple days and so forth, but who knows?
Who knows?
All right, let's move on for now, though, and talk about what we have been doing this week, eulogizing or otherwise.
Let's go to DarkSakura and ask, how was your gaming week?
I did nothing.
I maybe played a little bit of Dreamlight Valley, but I didn't have the energy or inclination to stream.
I maybe logged into Dead by Daylight a couple of times just to get my bonuses, but I didn't do anything.
I was so frazzled.
So now that that's over, I'm gonna get back into my usual stuff.
But yeah, I didn't do anything.
Are you streaming tonight or waiting for tomorrow?
Yeah, I am.
Okay, okay.
Because I haven't done anything for the event, other than just log in and get points.
So I need to hop on that and get those, the tomes done.
Not the tome, but the challenges.
I feel really out of luck.
I haven't played DVD since, I haven't played at all since Chucky came out.
And I think maybe I played a couple things when Xenomorph was new, and that's about it.
I've just kind of been distracted.
Come play and throw snowballs with us.
I don't know about tonight, but maybe because I just need to rest.
Tonight's killer night for me anyway.
Yeah, maybe during the week.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on to Techmaster Loki.
Oh, well, there is one thing.
Sure.
Um, if anyone is interested in watching some DVD, Fixie and I are going to be playing together all day on the 27th.
What day of the week is that?
So Wednesday?
That is Wednesday.
I believe.
I'll double check.
Yeah, Christmas is Monday.
So it's Wednesday.
Let's go to Techmaster Loki.
I didn't play a whole ton other than just Minecraft for the most part and building farms like I said underneath my base so that'll be probably part of whenever I film another episode of Channel 64 which hopefully will be soon.
and keep putting it off just because I wanted to get more of the theme park stuff done.
But the theme park stuff, like starting with the rides, is a little bit involved because it requires, for the details I want to put in there, it's going to require some modeling of custom objects and stuff to build some animatronics and to
build the actual game that's in the first ride.
I kind of was thinking maybe I will start with something that's not as involved, but no, that's just not the way I operate.
So I may kind of showcase part of what I've been working on like in this new episode, but just cover basically all the farms I built underneath my base, which because that's probably enough to fill an episode anyways.
It's pretty extensive.
And then
Outside of that, I've been playing a little bit more of the Playdates still.
So I played a bit of Kraken's time travel adventure, which is the story of this robot who I guess is always late for his dates because he's asleep.
And so you have to use the crank to kind of move him forward and backwards in time.
And you, based off of his movements and stuff, you have to dodge
Just pretty harmless things but if you hit any of them then you lose and you never seem to get to your girlfriend on time either so you have to still be quick so you're not too late but you're always going to be late because you wake up at the time that he's supposed to be there which is kind of weird and it gets incredibly hard so I've been trying that
I saw a little bit of Boogie Loops is the other game that unlocked this week as well.
That one's more just like a tracker, so I didn't really play with it too much because it's just making music, but it's neat.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm debating whether I want to unlock all of the games because they've got a total of 24 that I just have to, you know, go down here and, you know,
unlock them all early if I want to.
Otherwise I get two a week.
We'll see.
I may end up doing that.
Oh, there was one other one, actually.
I'm trying to think now what it was called.
It was very much like Pole Position in the sense that it's like a pseudo 3D, pseudo 3D racing game.
So it's called P-Racing.
And I'm not sure.
I guess P is polygonal because they kind of look like
Thank you for watching!
It looks like Pole Position, but it's not necessarily like that type of racing game.
Sure, you can race on tracks, but there's also more of like an open world type thing with like traffic and stuff.
So they have like missions you can do and just the actual racing as well, but it looks really good.
It's a really good looking game.
So I need to check that out.
I still can't find
Someone had said that there's a game that's like Scorched Earth on this and I have not found that and I've been looking for it because I love me some Scorched Earth, but...
Yeah, I know many golf games, so I may have to make one of those.
And certainly not anything that uses the crank to putt the ball like I was thinking.
So that might end up working out.
And looking at the catalog of games that they have, it's only four pages long.
So you don't have a whole lot of games on this platform.
That might be worth it.
We'll see.
I don't know.
Be curious to see if you decide to go anywhere with that or not.
Yeah.
um okay well my gaming week so i've played a little bit um i've been playing world of warcraft classics specifically the season of discovery because you know i talked about i think in a prior week on the show they've kind of done some different things with the early levels of the game to really change up the characters and now you know uh shamans can tank
Warlocks can tank, mages can heal.
It's some interesting things.
I've been playing a druid.
I got my druid to level 25, which is the cap in the current game.
So Miss Mu, my druid is 25.
And so I rolled my first alt.
So I have a new undead rogue named Senate Twink, who I got up to level five, I think something like that.
And of course, of course, somebody somebody in general chat because you know, you know, Warcraft players in chat.
And I was just thinking, Rob, I kind of miss my Tauren.
Warcraft Classic is kind of fun, except I don't know if you would want to subscribe, because you have to have an actor in Warcraft.
You know I don't like Classic Warcraft, I like Cataclysm Plus.
But her name, do you remember her?
Calgirl, K-A-U-G-U-R-L.
Yes, yes.
Um, I will say that Cataclysm Classic is cuz so it's literally just Warcraft Cataclysm should be out.
I want to say it's first or second quarter next year.
So that might be a hard one to resist.
So I don't know, I'm actually thinking about getting back in a normal WoW.
So, so I can play my Demon Hunter again, because I found lots of things to boundary break.
Hmm.
Because, you know, that was always my thing in WoW, was to go into the old raids and then bust out of the old raids and go exploring.
Yeah, Dragonflight's a pretty good expansion.
It's hard for me to play modern WoW.
I just feel overwhelmed now.
There's just so much.
I don't know.
It's weird.
But I did enjoy Dragonflight, playing through it.
It's a much better expansion than some of the other recent ones.
I've been interested in some of the characters they bring back for that.
So, I mean, you know, basically I started playing when my man was out of the game.
Yeah, yeah.
and NoMoreIllidan.
like and then hooray.
But yeah, so I'm hoping they do another increased XP event around the holidays too, because that's what he did during Thanksgiving.
And that was really good.
So Phila9 says no one has started playing Lego Fortnite.
I'm kind of obsessed.
Well, I've still been playing Fortnite Festival.
Little bits here and there.
I don't think Fortnite Festival is something I can play for hours and hours.
I did do a stream of it on Thursday, and what I did to make sure that I didn't get a copyright strike, because I did the same thing I do with Spotify, is that I turned off the recording of my game audio to the archive.
So unfortunately, if you go watch the archive, you're just going to hear me clacking keys to nothing, which is actually maybe kind of funny in its own way, because... Does it not have a stream remote?
The audio...
Epic Game Originals
Lego Fortnite
But I definitely see where it overlaps a little bit.
It's fun.
I you know, and the fact that it's free, I'm not going to give it money.
It's free.
It's free is is pretty neat.
I enjoy the fact that Fortnite is much more than Battle Royale now.
Like it's neat seeing these other things they can do with it, because I always thought it was interesting when they started doing these music videos and stuff in it, which was kind of the first sign of that.
So.
I'm curious to see what else they do with it.
I haven't played the racing game myself yet, but I watched some streamer friends play it, and it looked fun.
Like, it looked like a pretty well, you know, it didn't look any worse than Disney Speedstorm, quite honestly.
So, you know, for a free game, it looked fun.
So, yeah, I'm into the extra Fortnite stuff right now.
So, yeah, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I will probably be downloading Fortnite before the end of the year.
Frown.
Think of it this way, Bobby, and most people out there that are, you know, I, I'm not going to sit here and say Fortnite is without its problems, because the CEO of Epic Games, as much as I think he's made great contributions to the gaming industry, he's known to be kind of a twit on social media.
But thankfully, it's a social media platform I don't keep tabs on anymore.
So it's what I keep tabs on it, but I don't like actively read it anymore.
So whatever.
But my point is, is that when it comes to Fortnite, if you can separate in your brain Battle Royale, which is what everybody calls Fortnite, but it's really now a game mode called Battle Royale or Battle Royale Zero Build.
If you can distinguish that from Fortnite Festival, like, you know, think of Fortnite as the platform and think of Battle Royale as the game now or Festival is the game or Jam Stage is the game and any of that stuff.
Fork Knife
Forknife, yeah, there's lots of niggas.
Bobby Blackwell says, does Save the World still exist?
Yes, but not for free.
So it's because that's the that's the mode that originally Fortnite was supposed to be before Battle Royale just kind of took over the industry.
So yes, Save the World is still in there, but you have to pay for it.
So I, you know.
Are you gonna pay for it?
No.
Anyway, um, I've also still been playing a little bit of Overwatch 2 because I have a friend that really loves playing it and likes to invite me to play.
And so I've been working on my game a little bit.
I really like playing Lifeweaver.
I've gotten a lot better with him.
So he's like one of my favorite support characters right now.
I do not like Kuroko.
I do not like playing as her and I do not like playing as Brigitte.
I know she's really powerful and OP.
I don't like playing as her either.
I think my favorite support right now is Lifeweaver.
I've gotten a lot better with Ana.
Batiste, I play either Lifeweaver or Batiste.
Batiste is phenomenal.
Especially on some maps, I love being able to jump and do like his little heal bombs.
It's a lot of fun.
So yeah, I've been playing some Overwatch 2, mostly support but a little DPS as well.
I can't resist picking Widowmaker and trying to live my best sniper life.
I'm that guy.
I'll admit it.
So
MikeDef says a good Ana can turn the tides of any match.
Oh yeah, my buddy is really good at Grandma.
We don't call her Grandma.
He's really good at Grandma.
He can get like 10,000 heals in a match easy with Grandma.
And I'm like, I'm always really impressed.
So, because I can't get that high.
I've done pretty good.
I got like 7,000 with Batiste in a match not long ago.
But you know, he also has the immortality field, which is more damage mitigation.
So, but yeah, a lot of fun.
Anyway, um, let's get into some news and less about the games because yeah, I've been a little bit all over the map, but I'm hoping to catch up on a few things in my backlog this week, but we'll see.
Meanwhile, let's get into some headlines.
Phil of nine says Rob, you don't heal 500k.
I don't think that's I don't think Overwatch League players heal 500k in a season maybe.
But I don't I don't.
Yeah, in a match.
I don't think you could possibly do that much.
I'd be surprised.
Maybe you can but I'd be surprised.
All right, let's talk about some headlines.
Let's start off with this headline that they tried to sneak out at a time when we wouldn't be looking, right, Loki?
Friday evening, yeah, that's right.
So Activision Blizzard put out a statement basically saying that they've settled with the folks that are bringing up the
Gender Discrimination and Harassment Lawsuit
Yeah, so basically they've reached an agreement with the California Civil Rights Department and that's the statement that they put out.
Unfortunately, it sucks that this doesn't necessarily go to trial to get all this stuff kind of out in the open and kind of figured this is the way it was going to go since
You know, they're not going to want to drag this out into a legal battle because it's going to expose all of the wrongdoings that they've done.
But at least, I guess the victims are getting some compensation from it.
But I think they should have had to have this all come to light, because then at the very least, start cleaning up here and then set an example for other game companies.
That money should have come out of Bobby Kotick's golden parachute, but it won't.
Yeah, and thank you SSJ100 Matt with the countdown and chat reminding us 15 days left of Kotick in this industry and then Oh, and then of course, part of this as well as they're still denying the charges and you know, I don't think I think the settlement doesn't require them to admit fault if I remember correctly with some usually that's the case with these
I'm sure everyone is aware.
I'm sure everyone is aware that is 100% legal speak, because you don't pay $54 million for something you didn't do.
Or you don't know that there isn't something, you know, there to get they're avoiding a court of law for exactly what Loki is pointing out is that if it went to court, it would all come out in the public eye.
And this $54 million is to stop that from happening.
So you don't have that happening.
And on the same token say but nothing happened.
We all know that's bullshit and the only, that's all legal speak, that is only to cover themselves legally, we all know it's bullshit.
Completely.
So.
I mean, I'm, I'm glad the company's being held accountable.
What I'm not glad about is not understanding where this money's coming from because I feel like this is why then Activision turns around and is the first company to charge $70 for games.
and is Microsoft now ultimately responsible to pay this money?
I mean, I guess they know they bought damaged goods, so whatever, but do I as the gamer ultimately have to pay out this $54 million?
This should be coming out of the board, Bobby Kotick, the people that are separating for this Microsoft merger should be coming out of their parachutes, 100%.
Yeah, and I mean, you have to also look at too, you know, with the price of games being what they are now, it's like,
Yeah, they're charging more for games, but are these games coming out more polished than they were before?
No, I would say for a lot of times, we hear about games coming out with roadmaps on how they're going to fix their game.
We should never have to see that.
It should just be working when it comes out.
oh hey it's a it's a shell of what it's supposed to be it's an absolute mess and oh hey now our company has gone out of business that was something too that was uh you know earlier this week as well it's just like you you watch how these companies just mismanage this stuff and knowingly do that because i mean obviously when they put a game out and they know the state it's in there it's a gamble they're like well we'll just put it out so that we can hit our numbers but
Um, you know, the backlash won't be enough to, like, really hurt us, so we'll just... just do that.
They have the analytics to prove that, like, even though they put out trash, that people don't do anything about it, so they can keep putting out trash and keep treating people the way they are.
You know what I want for Christmas?
And you can pick whatever holiday you want, I'll pick Christmas.
You know what I want more than anything is... I want...
Phil Spencer
It won't happen.
I know it won't.
I know it won't.
But that's because you know what?
There's a lot about Christmas we're told that's a lie.
And this is another one.
But I can still want I can want it doesn't mean I'm going to get.
That's true.
Yeah, that's true.
You can want.
Just QuestBuster does want to point out this 54 million is in addition to an 18 million settlement with the US Equal Employment and 35 million with the SEC earlier this year.
Again, where is that money going to come from?
And people wonder why women are so tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired too.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about Hey, some from several holiday seasons ago, you probably have accumulated a collection of plastic guitars and drum sets that are sitting in your spare bedroom or basement or garage that are collecting dust or maybe you're using them actively.
I don't know.
But for fortnight festival,
It looks like some controller support will be coming, perhaps a little sooner than you might think.
PDP is a manufacturer of officially licensed controllers, and they put a post up on social media that says, Rock on this January.
And there are emojis of a tent and a moon, which sounds like maybe Fortnite.
Festival?
Who knows.
Epic had previously stated that instrument controller support was being worked on as a priority.
Now, it sounds like this will be a new accessory, but if they can get the new accessory to work, certainly the old accessories are probably going to work as well.
And that was part of the original reporting about Fortnite Festival was that
I'm enjoying Fortnite Festival but I want to be clear
I enjoy it in small doses, little bits at a time.
I play like three songs and I'm like, okay, I had my fill for the day for a couple reasons.
One, there's only so many songs that are available for free for a particular day.
And two, I'm not going to pay 500 V-Bucks for a song.
The price of a song to add to your collection permanently is way too high.
And they're doing it because you get the song not just in festival, but you get it on the jam stage as well.
I do think it's interesting where Fortnite is bringing us to this system where you buy unlocks that work in multiple things.
I do think that's interesting.
But this whole like 500 V bucks for even for Lady Gaga, it ain't it.
It's just not worth it.
So I they're gonna have to fix that pricing system if they really want to make money off this.
I don't know maybe there's
Well, they had the like already fixed.
There's probably there's probably whales out there.
They're already buying anyway.
Yeah, they were already having to reduce the price of like some of the vehicles that they were selling, because I think they were like 5000 V-bucks or something like that for a car.
And they dropped it down to like... 4000 V-bucks for the car racing thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They dropped it down quite a little bit as well, because people were kind of like, what the hell?
You know, I'm not buying it for that kind of money.
Right.
and Bobby does point out in chat, Fortnite is doing it without NFTs or the blockchain.
100%.
100%.
So I do appreciate- How is that possible?
I thought it was integral to the entire Web 3.0.
I know.
So I, you know, if I may have a short list of reasons to appreciate Fortnite, but this is on that short list, is that they have essentially rendered the argument for NFTs pretty useless.
Have you seen they've been useless this entire time?
This is shocking news.
Shocking.
Alright, anyhow, let's go to DarkSakura with another big update from this week.
So Naughty Dog has cancelled a game.
It is the multiplayer version of The Last of Us.
So the project that they were calling The Last of Us Online has ceased development and they are
They put up this whole discussion on how they came to it, especially given that they've had to reduce staff, as they say they had to.
And they really wanted to make sure that it was a game that could keep people engaged for a long amount of time.
And the reassessment that they went through said that it wasn't worth it.
So that's on them.
You're going to turn all the remaining of the investment and staff into other projects.
Which is probably The Last of Us 3, but we'll see I guess.
It was almost The Last of Us.
Yes.
Yeah, I know there were people that were kind of looking forward to what this could be.
But there were also other people that were like, if they're just moving this to a games as a service type of thing, maybe maybe we're better off without this in the world.
So I sort of feel like there's people that kind of fall in either camp.
And questmaster in chat, I think with a very kind of respectful position here saying on this one, I respect Naughty Dog's decision.
Supporting a live service game is no small task and admitting that it would affect what they are good at was interesting.
Yes.
That is pretty transparent.
You don't see that type of talk from a developer very often in this industry.
So I'll give it that.
SGO100 Matt says, I'm sure elements and ideas will make its way onto a future game.
Well, they did sort of say that in their their message there.
And yeah, we'll see.
We'll see ultimately what comes of that.
Quest Buster does point out Sony's been pushing back on live service games.
They wanted to release 12 by 2026.
Now they're only aiming for six.
You know,
live service games are also they're like MMOs in a way.
You only have time for so many of them in your rotation.
Like and that was the hard lesson many people learned about MMOs is that when people invested all this time into something like World of Warcraft, it was going to take a lot for people to jump ship and play something else.
And most that the time that World of Warcraft was most vulnerable.
Do you know who did the damage to World of Warcraft?
World of Warcraft did the damage to itself with some expansions that were pretty subpar.
All the stuff that came out about Activision turned a lot of people off of Blizzard and so forth.
And rightly so.
And that's what did that MMO in and ultimately led to a ton of people leaving for Final Fantasy XIV among other MMOs, Guild Wars 2 and all the stuff that's out there.
Not to say those games didn't have people before then, but that was the biggest, you know,
Boon for everything else.
So I don't see how there's going to be room on the plate for everybody to do these games as a service game.
Quest Buster in chat says, I still wish Marvel's Avengers was more like a new X-Men Legends single player game.
There's an excellent example of a games as a service game people didn't have time for.
It was not up to a certain level of par.
People didn't have time for that.
And so now you see where it ended up.
So I just yeah.
As Joe and Matt though does point out, you know, as far as like the project getting canceled and turning into something else talks about, you know, if you want to go back to Blizzard when they were trying to make the next big MMO, which was Titan, Titan basically turned into Overwatch, you know, the pieces of Titan that they kept was what they made Overwatch out of essentially, it's making a long story very short.
But yes, so you know, maybe they're maybe they make a completely new type of game, a standalone type of game from whatever they were doing the last of us online.
Anyway, moving on.
Yep, and sometimes they end pretty suddenly.
That's the case with Ubisoft's The Crew, which came out in 2014, and now it's just been delisted without any sort of warning.
They say that its servers will shut off next year, and that's because, one, it had to do with, they quote, like, licensing and
I think the fact that it's also an almost 10-year-old game.
It says, we understand this may be disappointing for our players still enjoying the game, but it has become a necessity due to the upcoming server infrastructure and licensing constraints.
I can't imagine it would take much for them to keep the servers up, but also at the same time,
Why is there not a single player version for this game?
Funny enough, there actually is a single player component for the game that people have found while digging through the code of the game.
It's just they don't have it activated or it was never finished, but apparently it is a thing.
And that is kind of unfortunate.
That's also one of those things that you have to look at with a live service game that requires you to be connected to a server is that when their licensing agreement just stops for whatever reason, this game is essentially useless.
You cannot play it without those servers being up.
So maybe think about that before buying into a live service game.
There's also, if I'm not mistaken, there's a Crew 2 and a Crew 3, right?
So that's... Yeah, they have the Crew 2 and the Crew Motor Fest.
So they probably figure a lot of their fans are on the newer games.
Although... I understand that.
I mean, look at EverQuest.
People don't always go to EverQuest 2 just because it's a thing.
I mean, to be clear, there is a Crew 2 and a Crew 3.
Right.
But like, it shouldn't be that these games...
are essentially useless.
Like their if their argument is, well, just just just buy the new one.
But why?
You just showed me that you're going to shut this off at any given moment.
Why should I trust you with more money?
You know, for this game, like, I don't see why you would want to do that.
For me, it'd be like, you know, just get Forza Motorsports instead or something like that.
At least that game's playable offline.
I don't know, I wouldn't give Ubisoft more money.
Certainly that's not an excuse.
Well, you know, you should just... You know, it sucks that we took your game away from you, so you know how you can reward us for that?
Is by buying the next game, the newer one.
Because, you know, we're not gonna turn that off right away.
It'll be a while, and then you'll buy another one of those...
It's like, that's that's awfully nice.
That sounds so much like Konami going, hey, you know, you're banned from these tournaments, but please still spend money with our products.
You know, it's just silly.
No, I think you make another good case for why games as a service are very dangerous is that people invest this stuff into this and then, you know, here we are 10 years later, but they yanked the servers and now it's like whatever you invested into that is coming down.
There's no way to kind of save that and have that offline.
Very, very, very few games do that.
I remember like Phantasy Star Online Blue Burst kind of embraced that and set a model for what it ought to be.
But unfortunately, it very rarely ever is.
And surely like they do market this game sort of as a MMO style game.
So there's that component of that.
However, they also market it as a single player game.
So typically, when you think of a single player game, you don't think of online only single player game.
So that that's where I think that the advertisement of this game is a little
confusing on purpose, you know, so that people buy into it and then they don't realize, oh, this is basically like an MMO.
So when it's done, it's done.
Funny, because if this was 10 years ago, this would have been about the same time Diablo 3 came out and got a lot of shit for that same thing where it was always online and they ended up having.
So when the console releases for that came out, you may remember it pulled the always online component to do the console releases.
Right.
And that's what they should have.
Yeah.
That's what they should have been working on with this and I get it like oh that will cost you some money and you may not necessarily recoup that money that you put into it but like being that they obviously knew when their licensing period was like they should have in the the
to help promote game preservation.
They should have at least fleshed out their offline mode that they clearly have built into the game.
Like, there are screenshots showing people manipulated the game to re-add that back in there, where you can see, press X to play offline.
So, if that component was built in there, or it needed to be built in there, I think that they should have patched that.
Say, hey, servers are going down, but you know what?
You can enjoy this offline now.
But they're not doing that because why should they put money into something when they can try to get you to buy the newer product instead?
And it's unfortunate that they just don't care about you as a customer.
They're just like, well, we'd prefer you just bought our newer game instead.
Purchase more things with us.
All right, well, let's move on and talk about some interesting stuff that happened on twitch.television this week, which is the site where we do our shows.
So this is interesting.
There was a policy update that happened a few days ago, about the sexual content policy, and there's a whole blog post that came with it.
talking about, oh, we get feedback from streamers that our current policies around sexual content are confusing, it can be difficult to know, da-da-da.
And they said, we believe that accurate content labeling is key to helping viewers get the experience they expect, and now that we can enable appropriate labeling of sexual content using CCLs, we believe that some of the restrictions in our former policies are no longer required.
So, the updated policies meant that some previously prohibited content was now allowed.
if the correct CCL content classification levels are used.
This would include content that deliberately highlighted breasts, buttocks, or pelvic region even when fully clothed, fictionalized nudity, body writing, and erotic dances involving disrobing or disrobing gestures.
Popular dances like twerking, grinding, and pole dancing were now allowed without a content label.
Well, guess what happened?
I know what happened.
They fucked it up for everyone.
caused confusion and appreciate all the feedback we've received.
Thanks for always coming together with us to build the best version of Twitch.
And yeah, upon reflection, we decided we went too far with this change.
The platform has admitted there's been difficulty with individual depictions of nudity because of AI.
So effective today, we are rolling back the artistic nudity changes and moving forward, depictions of real or fictional nudity won't be allowed on Twitch regardless of the medium.
I mean, guys can go without their shirt.
Not on Twitch, they can't.
No, they can.
Yeah, they can now.
That policy changed a long time ago.
And trust me, there's streamers out there where it's like half the stream is the shirtless guy and then like behind them is whatever game they're playing.
And there's some women that still play like, yeah, they're wearing a top, but it's cut in a very strategic place that are doing the exact same thing.
But they still can't remove it and be topless.
No, they can't remove it and be topless.
So again, yeah, it's it's a big double standard and especially just goes to show how, you know.
Anally clenched our society is about nudity, where we can have violence all day and all night and no one gives a shit.
Mm hmm.
Because Murica.
Well, and always also remember at the end of the day, people are going to watch like the things that are popular are because you watched it, you know, you meaning the collective audience of the internet are watching these these types of things.
So it's, you know, if you aren't a fan of these streamers that are really the focus is on themselves, and not the game that they're playing.
That's really what it comes down to is the focus on themselves, not the game that they're playing.
Don't watch them.
It's well it's right in the line and it really I mean I agree about the whole violence thing too like that should be if it's incredibly violent gameplay or footage that you're seeing that should also be kind of gated off separately as well.
The main problem originally was that this stuff was being promoted on the front page like these streams so like you hop in like you don't even have to be signed in to Twitch and it's just like
It's softcore pornography, basically, on the front page.
And I get it, the double standard that's in there, but you also have to understand, they don't really care what the users think.
That's not at all.
You know what happened with this?
It's because the credit card processors probably came down on them, or the ad providers came down on them after this just went free-for-all for less than 24 hours.
They saw what it looked like, and it's still
pretty much like that like the certain metas that are out there are still there and you know clearly it is for a specific reason they're trying to skirt that line to you know do that and that's fine if they want to make that type of content a thing that they have on their site it should be separated off from the rest of the content like it shouldn't be considered
just chatting or gaming it's certainly not gaming at that point but like it should be separated off so you can have your own channel where that type of content exists and then age gated if you will um
DarkSakura
I think that's the problem is where are they going to draw the line fairly?
Because I think when this was put into place, then it was causing people that, you know, were playing mature rated games or whatever to, you know, fall off the front page and that type of stuff where they kind of felt like that wasn't fair because maybe the game isn't rated appropriately or whatever.
Like, where do you draw the line?
You're asking, then Twitch becomes the morality police.
What do we do?
Well, yeah, certainly.
And you know, you're always going to have people there and try to skirt the rules to push whatever they want.
They have a problem with content moderation.
And unfortunately, that takes people to do that or algorithms, I guess.
But it's just.
Yeah, it's going to be a problem.
And even when they, you know, have these
rules in place like assuming that they kept them like people that are streaming that may be just large chested not necessarily trying to like accentuate that as part of like their persona online you're not trying to use that to like it's just that's just who they are and they're just wearing comfortable clothing you know there's a difference between you know
Someone wearing comfortable clothing and just gaming and just hamming it up with their audience and somebody that is cutting their camera just below, so it looks like they're topless, whether they are or not, you know, just to skirt by the rules because it says, well, you can't show any of this.
So we're just going to cut that part, just going to be right below the camera, you know, and then.
It's at that point, it's like, what is this?
Like, you know what your like target demographic is here.
You're obviously trying to, you know, bait with sexual content to try to get people to donate for different things.
And that that doesn't belong in the site, in my opinion.
It belongs on another type of site that that caters to.
You know, there is a live there is a live streaming site that full on allows nudity.
Exactly.
because I've seen it linked to on blue sky.
I think I think it was called joystick.
I could be wrong.
But somebody somebody was advertising.
So this is how I found out is I was on a random feed.
I was on like the gamer feed or somebody and somebody was like,
Hey, I'm going live and I'm playing such and such a game on my feed right now.
Check it out.
And they linked to it.
And I thought, I think the site was called joystick.
And I was like, I've never heard of this site.
Is there a new like streamer?
And I went to their, I went to the stream and they were playing the game.
All right.
And not wearing any clothes.
And I was like, Oh, it's that kind of site.
I honestly, I was like, I'm surprised I hadn't heard of it before.
But on top of that too, I mean, we're also dealing with societal conditioning, you know, if it hadn't been that, you know, certain reproductive elements of human anatomy were considered also to be naughty, then, you know, people wouldn't have a stick up their ass about it.
But that's society.
Anyway.
Uh, all right.
So I, yeah, I'm not jealous of Twitch.
These are very difficult waters to navigate.
And if you give people an inch, they're going to take a mile.
And essentially, they're having to play the morality police a little bit.
Yeah, it wouldn't be a problem if they were one.
They enforce the rules evenly is the main problem because you have you have folks that have straight up film pornographic content live on Twitch and got a temporary suspension on their channel and they just came right back.
But it's like, but somebody who might
just tangentially have their OF as a link on the sidebar because that is also something they get into.
They should not be penalized for that.
You know, I understand.
You can't make that the focus of your stream.
But if that is just, hey, here's one other place you can find me and give me money if you like.
If that is where somebody chooses to monetize, that should not be penalized and somebody should not be withheld from the front page because they they tangentially have another side business.
Well, at least now they're, you know, not so sticky on cross streaming.
But for a while, though, I think that had a little bit more to do with competition, with advertising a competition.
Oh, yeah.
And a little bit less than the nature of Blink.
plus so many people were doing it anyway.
And it's a hard thing to play, especially on the affiliate level.
There's so many people that were just doing it anyway.
You can't get away with it a lot with TikTok because their biggest competitor really that they were worried about was YouTube.
If we all run an area 52 at once, they can't get us all.
All right.
Remember when that was the thing?
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Something a little more lighthearted, please.
DarkSakura.
So, um, excuse me.
SEGA.
They have trademarked a number of classic franchises.
I mean, their own classic franchises.
But they have trademarks as of December 6th for Altered Beast, Eternal Champions, Jet Set Radio, and Kid Chameleon.
So, I mean, we knew that they were doing a Jet Set Radio with Crazy Taxi and Golden Axe and Streets of Rage and Shinobi, but now we have a couple more, so... Who knows what's gonna happen?
Or maybe they're just kind of bookmarking it for future use if these other games do well.
They have places to grow into, you know?
Could be that kind of thing, yeah.
I still think it's interesting.
I want a game in that universe.
TigerClaw in chat says a new Altered Beast would be nice.
I wonder how they would approach it if it plays like the original but in 3D.
Why?
It could still be in 2D.
There's a lot, like look at, I know you love your Ninja Turtles, TigerClaw, so why not like a Shredder's Revenge?
Altered Beast could come back like that.
Like the, just take what was great about the, you know, when everybody loved the Ninja Turtles game, like the arcade game, right?
Make a game that really like kind of celebrates that and focuses on that.
but just kicks it up to, you know, the current year.
That would be awesome.
I'd love an alternate beast in that kind of.
Do you remember the Sega Ages 2500 series?
I have a couple of those things.
Yeah.
That's what I would like to see something like where it's just zhuzhed up a bit.
Yeah.
And I think the Sega collection on 3DS, was that the same collection?
Because those games were so good.
I don't remember.
I think so.
Yeah, they did like some.
Yeah, they were Sega Ages on 3DS or whatever it was.
It was really good.
So I just love to see that.
I mean, you played that version of Fantasy Zone I have.
And it was really good.
And it was just good old Fantasy Zone.
That's right.
Yeah, sometimes it's fun to just zhuzh up the classics.
I actually, speaking of 3DS, I loved the version of Kid Icarus they did on 3DS.
Um, and they just it was very similar to the eight bit version, but it supported the different screen ratio.
And it just like all the 3d effects were, were like the different layers on different, like, z axis, basically, like, you know, like things in the background where the bar and it was it worked, it was very effective.
I loved it.
I wish Nintendo did this with their classics so much more.
I think all of us do.
It's almost criminal how much Nintendo abandons their old classic library, but it's a topic for another day I guess.
Anyway, back to the modern stuff.
All right, well, I guess this was bound to happen sooner or later, but A24 has announced that they're going to be doing a Death Stranding movie.
I'm not surprised it's them.
Yeah, it's Kojima Productions said that the movie won't just be a direct translation of the game.
Well, there wouldn't be enough time.
The opening is as long as a fucking movie.
um yeah so uh the only way i saw this is that they were selling an A24 Death Stranding shirt on i think
It was on A24's website is actually how I saw that this was a thing.
Yeah, I'm curious to see more about it when it comes out and hopefully it makes sense because I mean, I didn't understand.
A24 has a lot of credibility and rightfully so, like they put out some really fucking interesting movies.
So just that partnership alone is got a lot of people excited, that's for sure.
Tigerclaw says, I wonder if they can get the same actors from the game for the movie.
Well, if they're trying to make something different, though, a great place to start might be casting different people.
because otherwise, otherwise, people are always going to make that connection.
Norman Reedus.
I think a good gag would be focus on different people in the movie.
And then maybe Norman Reedus shows up at the end type of thing, you know, like tie it that way.
But maybe put the focus on, you know, I'm sure there's lots of stories to tell within that world.
Maybe put the focus somewhere else.
I don't know.
Just a thought.
Just a thought.
There's there's a lot of things they could do with it.
I'm going to try to trust the process and hope it turns out OK.
Yeah, it'll be exciting.
So, but if Hideo Kojima is actually creatively involved with it, won't they have to split it into like three movies?
It'll be a TV series where every episode is two hours long and there's like 24 episodes.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, on a very sad note, especially for this time of year, I'm really sad to continue to report layoff stories.
Unfortunately, layoffs are still hitting the industry, even during the holiday season in December.
3D Realms
was hit with Embracer layoffs.
3D Realms, of course, you know, they've made games.
They go all the way back to like Duke Nukem, right?
But a little more recently, the Kinderman Remedy, Kingpin Reloaded, and Ion Fury Aftershock was one that had a bit of traction there.
But half the company has been laid off.
Embracer Group acquired 3D Realms in 2021, only to lay off half the studio this past week.
On a similar note, the studio behind TimeSplitters' Free Radical Design also closed their doors last week, another hit within the Embracer group.
You might remember though, in this case, the original iteration of Free Radical fired from
excuse me, filed for bankruptcy in 2008, and it came back as Crytek UK and Dambuster Studios.
And then in 2021, Embracer Group came in, rounded up the key staff that was around from the Free Radical Days to work on reviving TimeSplitters, but none of that matters now.
If you actually go to freeradicaldesign.co.uk, you will get a
Oh, this is so sad.
I'm gonna actually show this on the other screen.
I don't know how well this will translate over.
But you actually get a message that comes up on the website that says 404 company not found.
Frown emoji.
That's horrible.
That hits me right in the fields.
That's terrible.
It is terrible, but clever.
Yeah, props to the person that did that on their way out.
Like, yeah, I will say that whoever found the time to do it like and like did that on their way out.
props to you because that's ow ow right in the feels good all right honestly it's a nice little f you a little bit yeah it's I don't know if I would say f you or yeah I guess I guess it is f you it's just it's also like hello depression anyway
All right, let's let's try to lighten up the mood a little bit with a segment here that always takes a look back at when things maybe were a little more fonder in our industry.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
Alright DarkSakura, what did you pick this week?
I picked FireShark, and I have done its predecessor, which was FlyingShark, that we also got on NES's SkyShark.
But I love FireShark.
I love both of those games, to be perfectly honest.
I mean, they're freaking Toaplan.
I was like, you love Toaplan.
I like to say Toaplan.
It's just fun to say Toaplan.
All right.
I need to step away for just a moment to hydrate, but I will turn it back over to you.
Okay, so at any rate, Fire Shark is a vertically scrolling shooter that came out, it was published by Toaplan in Japan in 1989 and then also by them in Europe and by Romstar in North America.
As I said, it's the sequel to Flying Shark, aka Sky Shark.
And it's a pretty awesome game.
It's set in 1991, where there is a mysterious armada launching a worldwide attack from the Mediterranean.
And so you fly a biplane in 1991.
At any rate, it was an in-house port to the Mega Drive slash Genesis and published worldwide by DreamWorks, Toaplan, and Sega between 1990 and 1991.
There were a few changes on the console release.
There's also a conversion for the Sharp X68000 that never did get released.
It was, I mean, it was just like...
pretty well in the west, but not as much in Japan because it was pretty hard.
It's, of course, you know, kind of like a military theme.
It has a, you know, very reminiscent of the 1940 series of games.
You have to fight, like, tanks and kamikaze planes and artillery and ships and other crap.
from the Strange Fleet Armada.
And you've got different weapons that you can get as icons as you destroy these zeppelins.
A laser beam, a wide shot, or a flamethrower.
You also get speed boosts, you get extra bombs, you get P and 1-ups.
If you get three P's in a row, then it increases your firepower one level.
Of course, the third being the highest.
and then you just like fill the entire screen with just bleh.
That's how I'm going to describe it.
Just just you're pissing fire all over the screen.
Anyway, you have, depending on your settings for the arcade version, you also can use a checkpoint.
So if you're downed and you have to start over, you respawn from your checkpoint.
Of course, if you get hit by an enemy, you lose life and can decrease your firepower.
And then in the arcade, you can put more money in to keep on playing!
It has 10 stages, and it loops back to the first one after you have completed the last stage.
It's a very tour plan thing.
However, it gets a lot more, uh, bloody.
Um, one thing that was pretty cool about this game, and I think it's just one of the things that makes the game look really, really nice, is that, um, the artwork, a lot of the artwork in the game was hand-drawn, um, and then, uh, transposed-to-pixel art, um, it just, it gave it a really good, really good, uh, um, you know, look to the game, and they,
They wanted this to also sort of serve as a successor Like there's a there's like different weapons that this one is successor to weapons from other games like the blue laser from Truxton You know the the flamethrower is of course new But they wanted things
They wanted to sort of keep it in the family of games.
And they were settling on the word, which I'm guessing would be same and not same.
You know, they were saying they wanted to put out the same strengths.
The word same would be shark in Japanese.
So they wanted to keep the shark name anyway.
Yeah, language is fun.
Anyway, it was released by Toaplan in Japan on November 2nd, 1989, and then in Europe, uh, the same year.
North American release was by RomStar, uh, March, uh, 1990.
And then, um, there was an album of the music, and the music was done, uh, by, uh, excuse me, um,
by Yuge Masahiro, and the art was done by Nako Gashintaro.
Just really beautiful stuff.
The music in this game is great, very just energetic.
So there is a full, an album that was released by Skytron and Pony Canyon.
And then, of course, October 1990, Toaplan released Fire Shark.
and it was released in North America by DreamWorks as a division of Toy Soldiers.
It really, it was very faithful to the original.
It did have harder difficulty settings, but it did have a smaller color palette, so they had to redo some of the sprites.
And as I said, there was an x68000 version in development that was supposed to be published by Kaneko.
And they did advertise it pretty heavily, but it didn't get released to market.
The port was re-released later by Retro-Brit in 2020, and in 2022, the arcade version was included in the Hisho Same Same Same compilation for Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 as M2's Toaplan Arcade Garage.
The original was also included in the Sega Astro City Mini-V,
And yeah, but as far as its ratings when it was released, it got really high ratings.
Famitsu gave it a 31 out of 40.
Computer and Video Games gave it 90% for the Mega Drive.
EGM for the Mega Drive gave it a 33 out of 40.
So I mean, it got some pretty, pretty good reviews.
There's a German magazine called Power Plague that compared it with 1943, the Battle of Midway and Vapor Trail hyper-offense formation, which are pretty apt reviews.
I mean, the whole military theme and having like all kinds of special weapons that shouldn't have existed in that environment.
So, um, but yeah, as far as, um, other things, uh, the rights to FireShark and the other Toaplan IPs are owned by a company called Tatsujin, which is, uh, it was named after Trexton's Japanese title, uh, Tatsujin.
And it was founded in 2017 by Yuge.
And they're affiliated with an arcade manufacturer, XA Arcadia.
And in other influences, SuperXYX, it was influenced stylistically by Fireshark.
So there you go.
Alright, I actually didn't know a lot about this game so it looks like a lot of fun though.
They have it every so often at California Extreme.
It was there a couple years ago and I think I just like didn't get off of it because I was like there's fire everywhere.
The flamethrower weapon was clearly my favorite.
Yeah, no, and I agree with what Questposter said in chat about, I love the art direction for games like this that pair terrifying flame cannons that reach across the screen to a tiny biplane.
Oh yeah, there's just something about this era of shooter games that is excessive and wonderful.
Just freaking tattoo the Toaplan logo on my butt or something.
Careful what you ask for.
Well, no, because no one's going to pay for you to do that.
I know an artist that could do it.
No one's going to pay for me to do that.
I'm not going to pay for it.
It is the holidays.
I have other things.
Is that a dare?
I'm not going to have the Toaplan logo tattooed on my butt.
I'll have something else tattooed on my butt.
All right.
A butt tattooed on your butt?
A butt-shaped tattoo.
All right.
Anyway.
With a butt on it.
I'm back and I'm- It's butt-ception.
And yes, I get the Beavis and Butthead reference.
I'm back and I'm hydrated and it's this actually does relate to the show because I'm drinking a particular beverage.
I'm not going to say the name because they're not sponsoring us.
So I'm not going to say their name on the podcast, but it's a beverage that I drink and I can't not think of DarkSakura when I drink this beverage because it's the P word.
Yes.
Yeah, because it's it's something that we used to drink when we played DDR all the time.
I can't stand those drinks anymore.
They taste slimy.
They feel slimy.
Recently I've just been all about water when I'm dancing, but in the morning when I make my coffee, I use potassium drops and echinacea drops.
Yeah, it's like, I don't want to get sick, but I don't want my water to taste like salt.
I don't even like Pocari Sweat anymore, but Dan drinks that up.
Oh, interesting.
No, I mean, like, I'll drink regular tap water, but I get, I, yeah, I get bored of it.
So I, I like to use, I still use the little, like, infuse, again, I'm not naming names, but I use little infusers that you put a little bit in it and it just adds a little bit of... I'll name a name.
I still drink that, that Mio stuff.
Well, Target has like a generic brand of that.
So I'll use that.
Yeah.
I'll drink whatever people want to send me free samples of too.
Like, I have so many different samples of sports drinks that I got at TwitchCon.
Careful what you wish for, because I think the mailbag has yet another email contact.
I deleted all that.
Okay.
I was like, I think somebody's desperate.
But I mean, literally if someone does want to sponsor me, I'll be like, yeah, your drink's adequate.
Oh shit, what a rousing advertisement.
Well, it clearly worked because I have to pee.
Let me run an ad break.
Don't run an ad break now or you might miss some rapid fire news!
Yes, is called Friday the 13th Jason's Doom.
It is a total conversion or I guess map pack whatever for I'm sorry, I have to derail for a minute.
The game that's playing in the background there.
Is that person wielding a stop sign as a weapon?
Yes, they are.
Tell me more about this.
I'm down for that.
So it looked like they were wielding a stop sign and then they put it down and then they picked it up again.
So, okay, so right here in this part is where you have to pay the monster.
You don't really see it.
You pay them to get money.
You have a quota you have to meet.
And so if you hit the bell, there's like a little service bell there.
If you hit it too many times, the tentacles come and kill you.
But you basically put the stuff you're trying to sell on the counter there, and then you hit the bell.
Interesting.
Not too many times because otherwise you will die because it is lethal company.
Interesting.
I just like the idea of beating people up with a stop sign.
Stop!
Stop!
There's monsters in the game.
Like there's all sorts of things.
There's like spider-headed things.
All right.
It sounds like one of the streamers, DarkSakuraWatches, plays it.
So I need to check it out, I guess.
Yeah, you need to check it out for sure.
It's a good time.
Alright, anyway, sorry, back to Doom meets Friday the 13th because I was interested in that too until I got distracted.
Yeah, so it is still a work in progress, but you can check out the current progress on it already.
I think you can download it still and be able to play it.
And yeah, it is essentially the Friday the 13th NES version.
Fully fleshed out in 3D, which is crazy with the old retro graphics.
I'm going to check it out.
I will.
That's a threat.
Yeah.
And then in another fan created piece, you know where this is going, but a fan decided to do a fan made port of Link's Awakening to PC and Nintendo struck it down.
because that's what they do.
So I feel that they did this the correct way in the sense that they put it out.
What was kind of unique about this is so they put this on itch.io for a bit.
It actually had the full map was active all at one time.
So you could actually zoom all the way out to see the full map or zoom all the way in and play it that way.
It looked awesome.
I saw a clip of this on social media and I was like, dang, this looks cool.
But being that they did the smart thing, which is they finished it, then put it out, and then it got struck down, it's on the internet.
So you should be able to find it somewhere.
Hopefully.
I'd like to check it out.
DarkSakura
Disney Illusion Island has a free content update called The Keeper Up.
and it has a new Mavens of Monoth Time Trials feature, and just different accessibility features, gallery unlocks, a new map, and yeah, and I've actually never heard of this game.
It's cute.
Um, I've heard Bobby talk about it.
He plays- I don't like the art style.
He's played it with, uh, Jennifer and he, he thinks it's a good game that, uh, for them to play together.
They enjoy their time playing that.
I, it- I really don't like the art style.
Really?
I thought it looked cute.
Yeah, not at all.
I, you know, it's one of those things where it's like, if I only had time to play every single game I wanted to play, I'd play this, but you know, it's just- And also, I think I don't like it in the same way that I don't like, like the newer Transformers animated art style.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I'll play it if you won't.
All right.
Um, moving on, I want to talk about Oh, this this is fascinating to me because they have found a new cheat code for a game from 2009.
You remember cheat codes?
Okay, before all of our systems connected to the internet by default, and people figured out that you could sell things that way.
We used to have cheat codes in games where you would have like button presses and you can unlock things.
And just this week,
It was found that in the Gran Turismo port for PlayStation Portable, that's PSP.
Hey, Loki, remember olrpsp.com?
Yep.
Me too.
Anyway, the PSP, 14 years after this game came out,
This cheat code has been found.
The cheat codes, they unlock all the cars in the game and award the player 99 million credits.
Those are both things that would be microtransactions in this day and age.
That's the wild thing of this.
So the user on the subreddit and gtplanetboards, pes2k, I love that name,
and
You unlock all the cars so you can test all the cars.
You give somebody 99 million credits so you can test all of those features without having to play through the game like that.
These were probably things that were buried deep into the game and never came out.
So all you need to do to unlock all the cars, you hold down star and select and R and go up, right, left, left, square, up, right, right, up, triangle, right, up.
I'm sure that would have been found completely on its own.
That's a pretty complicated thing.
DarkSakura, you found that Link's Awakening?
Yeah, I found the fork of it too.
I can make sure that you get it.
I mean, I haven't gone looking for it yet, but just oh, it's on archive.org.
Quietly and privately.
Yeah, just send it to me on DM.
Just slide into my DMs and send me some link.
All right.
Um, let's travel around the world and check out some releases for those of you that are not going to the dark.
Black.
World Wide Web.
What's coming out for you this week?
Not a lot.
I mean, as expected.
So we've got Resident Evil 4 on Mac and iOS.
We have Princess Maker 2 Regeneration on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
We have a game called One.
And that's on PC.
And that's it.
All right, it is a little bit slower a time of year.
Hey, but things are still trucking right along in Japan this week.
On the Nintendo Switch, we have 2045 Tsukiyori in a regular and limited edition coming out.
DC5, Decapo 5, also in regular and limited edition on the Switch this week in Japan.
The Curse of Kudan comes out in Japan this week.
Spy X Anya, Operation Memories is also out in Japan this week, as well as Fitboxing Presents Hop, Step, Dance.
Hop Step Dance
Rail Romanesque Origin also out in regular limited edition in Japan this week.
Sentimental Deathloop also out this week and one in a regular, you guessed it, limited edition because we love our limited editions in Japan.
On the PlayStation 5 this week, Baldur's Gate 3 gets a release in Japan on the PS5.
That game's kind of a big deal.
It's also a multi-language edition.
So I'm assuming that means they have some additional voice acting talent to support other languages.
Check that out.
And that same Spy x Anya
Anya, Operation Memories, also out in Japan this week.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alright, well, we were just talking about leaks and stuff like that, and how Sony got hacked, and not necessarily directly Sony, but Insomniac Games has been hacked, and as part of that, some of the materials that were leaked from that kind of allude to games that are being worked on.
So for example, some of the names that came out from Insomniac Games there was some planned projects including Miles, RCE, SM2, SM3, and then one that's called...
It says additional support for Spider-Verse and Spider-Dash or whatever is one that's listed there.
So the thought is perhaps were they working on a Spider-Verse game, which I hope they are because that would be amazing.
But yeah, not too surprising to see that there's other Spider-Man games in development at Insomniac, obviously, because it's a successful franchise for them.
But yeah, Spider-Verse game, I'd be down for that.
Yeah, I think it's a neat direction for them to go in than to just like Spider-Man 3, you know what I mean?
I think it'd be kind of a neat thing for them to do.
They kind of did that too, like there was like, I don't remember who, it was back in Activision when they had the Spider-Man license, they used to do a lot of these different games that were just like the
great Spider-Man games tied in with the movies a little bit but then eventually they kind of spun off things to different like kind of they almost have like a spider-verse game I'm trying to remember what it's called it's like Shattered Something I don't remember but yeah it would be really cool to see that especially the art style is just amazing so if they were able to recreate that in-game it would just be it'd be
Just absolutely game of the year.
All right.
Uh, DarkSakura.
Uh, yeah, me.
Anyway, um, the Super Mario Brothers movie has been nominated for some Golden Globes.
Basically, the three awards are Best Animated Movie, Best Original Song, and Cinematic and Box Office Achievement.
So, yay!
and Y'all can watch it and let me know how it goes.
And the Golden Globes are kind of, I don't know, they've always been like the fun awards, but people also kind of try to look at them as like a barometer for the Oscars.
You know, and it's weird to talk about the Mario movie and Oscars, but I would assume two of these three categories, because the third doesn't exist.
The cinematic achievement thing isn't really an Oscar category.
That is a category added to get more people to watch the Globes.
That's what that is.
But I would assume, honestly, that the Mario movie is a shoe in for those other two categories at the Oscars.
Oscars
Barbie Songs
when the Mario movie with Bob Hoskins came out, that we would be sitting here talking about an Oscar nomination years later for the Mario movie in any form.
You know, that's pretty, pretty astounding.
Yeah, you know, Tigerlaw does bring up a good point is that if Peaches does get nominated, you would likely get a performance of it at the ceremony.
And he's suggesting that Jack Black can perform the song while wearing a Bowser costume at the Oscars.
Not outside the realm of possibility, and if you want to talk about things that will get people watching, I think that would be super cute.
Actually, I think all of the unnominated songs this year, because I think the Barbie performances, I think people would really want to see that too.
Because actually, Billie Eilish was on SNL last night, if I remember right.
I think she did do the sad Barbie song.
SNL is on my shit list.
Yeah, so it was...
Animated Movie
and probably a couple Disney movies.
I don't know, maybe... I could see it maybe winning Best Animated, but I think that's its best shot at actually winning anything at the Oscars.
We'll find out.
Oscar noms are out in early January, if I remember right, if they're still on the same timetable they used to be before COVID, so we'll see.
All right, a couple more stories for you.
And Loki, I think this one's hilarious.
Yes.
What do you give to those wonderful gamers out there that play a lot of Steam games but are also complete dicks when it comes to playing Steam games, especially those who cheat in Dota 2?
Well, you give them gift-wrapped bands.
That's right.
So apparently they were...
They were sending out, I want to say it was like a gift-wrapped lump of coal to these different players.
And it was actually, they had opened it and it says, oh, you're banned.
So yeah, it was great.
Happy Holidays, you're banned.
They have a Twitch streamer who has a clip from it and it's like, you've claimed a seasonal reward, a highly toxic lump of coal.
Your Dota account has been permanently banned for smurfing or other violations of the Steam Terms of Service.
Oh ho ho.
It's so good.
I love when they have that.
There have been people streaming and getting that live on their stream, right?
I don't know what meeting they came up with that in, but kudos to them.
That's the spirit of the holiday season.
Owning some cheaters.
Yeah.
All right.
It's great.
Love to see it.
Well, lastly here on our official show roll tonight, we have a pretty cool story about the efforts to preserve our industry in the years moving forward.
Unfortunately, so often we have stories that talk about how, you know, like the story about the crew tonight, about how video game preservation in many ways takes a step backwards.
But this is very cool.
The VGHF, or Video Game History Foundation, is going to be opening a digital version of its research library.
Through this digital library, it will have near-complete sets of magazines, art books, and rare historical materials.
And I get excited thinking about that rare historical material stuff because, you know, and I've talked about how cool I thought this game was a lot on this show.
I'm sorry if I'm sounding like a shill, but The Making of Karateka, the Gold Master Series game,
I thought some of the coolest stuff in that game was like actually getting to see like design documents and like letters that went back and forth between the publisher and Jordan Mechner who developed that game that really gave you a look behind the scenes for like how games were made in that era and like some of the actual feedback that was coming in on games and stuff like that.
So, you know, magazines and hype is one thing.
I think there's like, oh, God.
And here's here's here's the I'm sorry to to
Divert a little bit.
But I'm looking at the YouTube picture here, and I'll put it up on the other screen.
And for those on the podcast feed, it's the it's the the Video Game History Foundation announcing their digital library here.
But I noticed in the background, there's this player's strategy guide.
And specifically, there's this red one that talks about Dr. Mario with the yellow
I had this magazine.
I know I had this.
I know I had this because this is very familiar looking art to me.
And I bet you this is sitting in a box in my dad's garage somewhere right now.
In fact, I think I had at least three of these.
I'm pretty sure I had Fabio from Wizards and Warriors in that one too.
And the one above this, which I can't remember what it is, but that looks very familiar to me as well.
The other three don't look familiar.
Those three do.
So
It's it's just funny to me that these memories I have are now like in a museum digitally somewhere.
So.
Anyway.
As you can imagine, the goal of digitizing the entire archive is a lofty one.
It's going to take them some time, but that is a goal.
So the organization has been at this process for two years, and a lot of that has been designing the search technology and the interface platform.
The library will be launching at some point next year and have a sampling of the catalog.
Uh, but this, this just sounds awesome.
Keep in mind, it doesn't talk about being able to necessarily play games.
I mean, there's other places you can do that, but in this collection, print magazines, design documents, audio assets, press materials, concept art.
This is, this is going to be awesome.
Uh, kudos to the VGHF for getting involved with this.
I look forward to that finished archive.
So, all right.
Yeah, that's the kind of thing I eat up.
Yeah, I know.
I'm excited too.
I was like the day that opens DarkSakura, we should just do an unboxing stream.
We just jump in there and read it together.
We do that.
We'll do that.
Let's do an unboxing stream.
Alright, so it's got a very big box.
All right.
Anyhow, we want to invite you all to join us at the table here.
I will admit though, my voice is wearing as the night goes on.
So I don't know if we're going to keep going much longer.
But if you have any questions in chat and so forth, we'll go ahead and answer those.
Otherwise, I will look to Loki or DarkSakura if there's any last minute stories or last things to get out here before we wrap up for the night.
There's a little thing I saw just before we went live is that Google has extended the Bluetooth conversion for Stadia controllers.
Yeah, I heard about that.
To the end of 2024.
Yeah.
I didn't realize there was a hard stop on that at first.
Like if you didn't do it by then with your controller, it was a brick at that point, basically.
So, yeah, I'm still kind of deciding if I want to leave mine, you know, virgin.
Oh, just just for the novelty of it.
Yeah, because I mean I've got other controllers that I use and as much as I was, you know, a fan of Stadia, you know, at the same time,
I don't know.
I wonder if it would be like some sort of like collector's deal.
Hey, I have a pristine controller.
I'm going to be honest.
It would be hard when the platform no longer exists.
There's literally nothing.
I don't know.
But, you know, that's your choice.
It's your money.
So it depends on what I probably don't really care that much about what it means to you.
So.
All right, well, I do want to at least give the email bag a shout out.
Participate at OrangeLingerie.com is the place to send us any emails if you want us to talk about them in a future week.
I'd especially encourage this for next week.
It's probably going to be a bit of a slower news week this week, as I imagine most schools are starting their winter break this week.
Therefore, a lot of, you know, vacation times are starting and so forth.
Actually, maybe it is next week.
I think, Loki, when are your kids on break?
GameSite Staffers Top 10
That's the content that you can look forward to.
The same staffers at a very major website that wrote the most patronizing review of a video game I've ever seen and what they were talking about with Fortnite Festival.
And like, I get that that game has its drawbacks, and I too criticize, you know, how much they're charging for certain things, but my God, I felt like the article there was like talking to me like I was a four-year-old.
I was disgusted, quite frankly.
I mean, I just, who pissed in their cornflakes?
But I'm sure it gets clicks.
And here I here I am anger talking about it.
So maybe it works, but I'm not naming the site.
That's why I'm not doing it.
All right.
I do have a couple of things.
So starting off with, you know, we had talked about this in a while, but Epic Games versus Google in the whole Google Play Store thing, they won.
Oh yeah, I heard about this.
They won their trial basically saying that Google was participating in anti-competitive practices.
Also, Google was caught deleting evidence, so that's always
That's what, that's what, you know, innocent companies do.
They're going to still go to appeals for this, but they did.
That's why this story isn't done.
It's going to go up.
This is going to be decided by the Supreme Court.
It's in 2026.
But funny that they, you know, lost one and won this one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It is weird.
Interesting.
It just goes to show, you know, you got to keep your stuff above the table.
Then there was that terrible game the day before that came out that was just an absolute piece of garbage.
The company that put that game out, Fantastic, certainly not a... quality doesn't match the name unfortunately, they said basically that they don't have money to continue the development of the game.
that they are basically just shutting the whole company down and it says they're working with Steam to open up refunds for any players who choose to make a refund.
Please refund the game.
The game doesn't work anymore.
It's already been delisted from Steam.
Get your refund already.
Don't give these people any money.
And, you know, obviously this game was like very hyped up.
The trailers and everything made it look like much, you know, obviously way better than it was.
And yeah, this is how it ends.
So great.
What else?
Yeah.
Oh, there is a tease, apparently, that there may be a free tier of Game Pass coming soon that's going to be supported by ads.
So that'd be interesting.
Yeah, well, I think they're mainly talking about other regions.
It says, you know, they said for models like Africa or India or Southeast Asia, maybe places that aren't console first, you can say, hey, do you want to watch a 30 seconds of an ad and they get two hours of game streaming?
OK, so they're saying that because those areas don't have a lot of disposable income, that that might be an option.
I mean, 30 seconds of an ad for two hours of game streaming.
Sign me up.
I mean, already, that's better than, like, the ad to, like, content ratio for, like, YouTube.
For two hours, jeez, you'd be watching probably 50 ads in that time.
Yeah.
So, I mean, obviously, it's not going to exactly be like that, but it is interesting to see something like that.
Neat.
Pretty incredible.
All right.
Well, I think that's going to do it for another episode here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Before we say goodnight, I do want to thank you as always for listening to our show.
Thank you.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice 5-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, wherever it is you found this show.
It goes an awful long way in helping us with discoverability, so we appreciate all of that as well.
I think that's about all I have to say, so I'm going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, I'll start with you, because I know you need to take a quick break before you start your stream.
So do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Don't read half the news, read all the news.
Look at history, and then look at all the history.
All right, have a good night.
Bye.
Loki, let's go to you.
Well, I've got a lot of work to do for editing.
Don't you always?
Story of my life.
Loki.
And then somewhere I need to like, I also need to get like programming time in to figure out all the
all those playdate stuff.
I think the whole idea of a golf game would be pretty cool.
I love the idea of a golf game.
I think you should get on that.
That's great.
You know, I didn't realize I wanted a playdate until you kind of talked about it last week.
So I still have to tell my husband things I want for the holidays.
They're nice.
Don't get me wrong.
I understand the point of not having the backlit screen stuff because they keep down a cost.
Man, do I wish it had a backlit screen.
It is hard to view this sometimes in just normal lighting.
You almost need that whole light attachment or whatever, like the Game Boys used to have and stuff.
But man, I would love a Gen 2 that had just the option to backlight that thing.
It would be great.
um and then my final thought tonight um I don't know I'm gonna hopefully I'm feeling better I actually did do a stream on Thursday and I really shouldn't have because I think it made me regress and how I was feeling but this this whole sick has been a journey but assuming I'm feeling better this next week I do I am gonna do some more streams I've talked to Shane hopefully we're gonna be able to do a stream together doing some WoW classic together that'll be fun
I also just, you know, have a ton of stuff in the backlog I'd like to keep playing.
Yes, Fortnite 2.
And who knows what else?
So yeah, until I get to that, I'll talk about that on social medias and all that good stuff.
But you're here for OLR and we appreciate you being here for OLR and we hope you will be back next week.
Remember, we're going to be here at an earlier time live next week.
That time is noon Pacific, 3pm Eastern.
I hope some of you that can't usually make it at the usual time will be able to make it.
We welcome all the new faces at that time.
But of course, there's always our podcast feed as well.
We love our podcast listeners as well, especially when you drop us a line on social media or email bag participate at orangeandrea.com.
Thank you so much.
That's it.
We're gonna do it again next week.
Early.
Bye, everybody.
Have a great night.
See ya.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
