Tonight, June 20th, 2010, we talk about Nintendo going 3D, Microsoft going Kinect, Sony joining
forces with Steam, and more on our E3 wrap-up show, live.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of that video
game talk show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
Joining you over the next three hours, my name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always,
say hello to the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you, Jamie?
I'm doing better.
You're doing a little better in the voice department, it sounds like, but...
Yeah, but yesterday the wind kicked up and allergies got crazy so my voice was like...
At least you don't sound as terrible as I did on some of those nightly shows from E3
this week.
The Rob Roberts and Pals and Laryngitis is what it really should have been called, it
was pretty bad.
Pals with Laryngitis.
Oh, the smart ass over there is Loki, Tech Master Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
And did you have a good week?
Not sure.
Yeah?
All right, so obviously the big pink elephant in the room, E3 was this past week and there's
lots and lots of news that we're gonna cover.
We realize a lot of you guys probably watch the press conferences and so forth so we don't
wanna reinvent the wheel here, although we do have some casual people listening to the
show.
We wanna make sure the big stuff is touched on for them.
But also, I do wanna point out, we wanna talk about the stuff that you wanna hear about
live.
So make sure you join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you are listening
live on this Sunday night, cuz we do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio,
www.allgames.com at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
So we're gonna be taking your questions about E3 and what you think maybe wasn't covered
well enough or maybe has been covered too much.
We're gonna take your Twitter questions, your emails, and all that fun stuff, as we always
do here on that show where every gamer has a voice.
We're gonna start off though, I mean, why change a good formula?
Just because it was E3 week.
We need to talk about the games we've been playing, and what kind of games you played
this week.
So, Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off.
How was your game week?
And by the way, actually, I should say this before you get started.
Dark Soccer and Loki were unable to go to E3 this year due to personal stuff.
Yeah, rub it in.
Well, I'm sorry.
I don't mean to rub it in.
But just, you know, in case the listeners are like, well, they're just gonna talk about
E3 all week.
No, no.
I mean, there was other games to be played besides just the ones at the LA Convention
Center.
I played Star Trek Online, which I was playing when you guys got here.
And I wanted to thank Bobby for going ten minutes over because it gave me time to finish
my mission.
So thank you, Bobby.
I was busy shooting Romulans.
Good times.
What else did I play?
That's really it.
You've just been addicted to Star Trek Online all week?
That's cool.
Yeah, that's what I played.
I really didn't play a whole lot because I started school.
Oh, again?
I thought you just finished.
I'm going in the summer.
Oh, boy.
All right, summer school.
Remember when summer school was just for the kids that flunked during the regular semester?
Now everybody does summer school.
Well, I do have to mention that I told you this earlier.
My teacher – I'm taking U.S. history – my teacher brought up the Oregon Trail.
Nice.
And she said, you remember that game, you know, where you have to stockpile meat and
everything?
We're like, Oregon Trail.
She's like, yeah, that game.
It's like, well, people really did die from all this stuff.
And I told her about your shirt, the one that said, you have died of dysentery.
And she laughed and then looked a little bit sick.
My teacher's also a little preggers.
Oh, I see.
So she carried a couple of pounds back to the wagon?
Yes.
Ah, I see.
You know that game where you're on a trail to Oregon?
What's it called again?
I don't know.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I just played Grand Theft Auto.
That's pretty much it.
That's it?
That's all I had time for.
I don't think I played anything else.
Oh, a little bit of Earth Defense Force.
Just getting through that some more.
But mainly just Grand Theft Auto because I had to go lose a game by $2 one day.
So it means I had to take it out on my coworkers by kicking the crap out of them.
It was funny, though, because one of the games actually quadrupled second place's score.
I had $4,000 and the person below me had $1,000.
I kicked the crap out of them.
That was in 15 minutes, too, by the way.
Apparently my boss was bragging to Take Two because they had a meeting with them about
how wonderful I am at Grand Theft Auto, to which I'm sure they didn't care.
Yeah, I was going to say, I don't think Take Two would really be concerned with how good
you are.
He's like, did you know that there's somebody that works with us that's in the top 100 in
the world?
No, really?
Which I was like, okay, whatever.
You were glued to the E3 press conferences all week, though, right?
Yeah, I watched those instead of working because I can do that.
So were we.
We were watching from our hotel room because we don't get invited to fun stuff like that,
but that's okay.
So we got to watch them all from the comfort of our historic hotel room in downtown LA,
not far from where all the rioting was taking place after game seven, but I digress.
What did you think of all the press conferences as you were watching them, Loki?
They were pretty cool.
What was kind of unique, I guess, is no one really kind of failed at press conferences.
There wasn't any...
Nintendo, thank God, did not show anything about the Vitality sensor, which makes me
believe that they're not putting it out anymore.
I think they kept what's-her-name Kami tied up in a burlap bag backstage somewhere.
She was unable to be freed during the press conference.
Hopefully sufficiently beaten.
Aw, poor thing.
She's just trying to do her job.
I don't know.
What do we want to talk about?
Just each press conference?
Or do we want to...
Well, I want to talk about my gaming week because I played about 40 games this week.
So let's get started.
We'll take your time.
All right.
No, no.
I'm not going to repeat.
Oh, I will talk about something because it is gaming related, but not video games.
I've been working on the baby's room some more and doing stuff regarding that.
I'm building a custom mobile.
I've actually done the wiring for it and it works perfectly.
Well, except for yesterday because I broke it, but that was just from trying to show
people and the wire came off, but I can fix that.
Anyway, so I have this thing now where if I flip a switch, an on-off switch, it basically
plays an MP3 lullaby of the Super Mario Brothers theme.
At the same time, it will also spin a motor.
That's pretty awesome.
I'm going to shove it into an acrylic cube that's going to become a question block and
hang stuff from it.
And I've started drawing on the wall.
I posted on Twitter and Facebook the design I have for the room, which is looking like
new Super Mario Brothers.
That sounds so adorable.
I could barf, honestly.
It's going to be awesome.
I'm not going to recap everything I played at the actual E3 show because we had the daily
shows.
I'm sure a lot of them will come up as we go over tonight's news, which is going to
be a little more free for them tonight.
If you guys have questions in chat and during the Twitter topics and calls, if you want
to know if I touched a certain game, I'd be happy to give you my thoughts on it.
But one thing I think we all have to keep in mind about E3, and I sensed us during the
daily shows, sometimes veering off that path a little bit, we're looking at very early
builds of things.
And a lot of times the reason why companies want to have these, make an appointment to
see the game, or you're not going to play it, I'm going to play it for you, and all
this stuff, is because they don't want people to form 100% opinions about games from these
demos on the show floor.
I think it takes a lot of guts to put your game out there on the show floor at E3, guts
that clearly Activision and Blizzard don't have anymore from not having their booths
open to the public at E3.
But didn't they quit E3 last year?
Well, they still had a booth.
Most everything was behind closed doors at that booth, but they've been scaling further
and further back.
But I'm digressing a little bit.
I could go on this whole other tangent about BlizzCon and Blizzard, and how I am a big
stan of World of Warcraft, I love that game, it's amazing, I am not fucking going to BlizzCon
ever.
Ever.
Because it's a joke.
They should have just had a big sign out front of their booth that says, seriously, you've
seen this stuff before, it's just more of the same.
Well anyway, I'm getting off the path a little bit.
Because I actually did play games that weren't just at E3, so I want to get those out of
the way, because I know most of the people listening to this show didn't go to E3, so
you guys are probably playing a lot of standby games to catch up on, just like I was.
So I will mention this, I played, you might remember a couple weeks on the show, I said,
I'm going to beat three games this summer.
And I'm falling a little behind on my goal, but I finally found a game I want to play
to completion after getting about a third of the way through it.
I played Alan Wake, which is a game that was a long time in the making, it was from Microsoft
Game Studios, one of their internal development teams that created the game.
I guess you could say it's Microsoft's answer to Silent Hill, but a little less of the crazy
creatures and things of that sort, and a little more of the strange paranormal sort of stuff.
I really like how immersive the game feels to me, I like a lot of the small touches that
they've done with the game.
There's these little TVs that when you come across them will play little episodes of The
Twilight Zone, or at least kind of their version of that.
I think they call it Night Springs, is what they call it, which Shane pointed out to me,
is because the town name is called Bright Falls, so Night Springs is like the opposite
of that, and I didn't catch that right away, it's funny.
I really love the fog effects, they're very scary, and I think they're done very well.
And I think it's a survival horror game, it's pretty cool, it's immersive, it feels like
you're watching a TV show, and it's been compared to Twin Peaks in other places, and I think
that's a very fair comparison, because you have a lot of those eccentric characters,
strange stories, WTF is going on feeling, and yeah, I'm really liking Alan Wake so far,
it's a good game.
Lots of little things to collect for achievements and so forth, great environments to interact
with, very large environments where you'll be walking down a trail, and then suddenly
you get in a car and drive to the other side of the map, and this is all seamless, where
you maybe started the mission earlier, but everything has changed since you were gone,
but there's no loading in between all of this, so the map is kind of changing dynamically
as you're away, which I think is very cool.
So yeah, I've been really enjoying Alan Wake.
I'm looking forward to seeing some of the download content they're gonna put with that.
So I'll tell you more about the game when I get a little closer to completing, because
some of the reviews I have read about the game online really razzed the ending, but
I don't want to read what the ending is, because I'm really into the story right now, and I'm
trying to find my own theories about what's happening, so when I do beat this game, I
will kind of come back and let you know if I was as disappointed as some of the other
reviewers were.
Well, they also have the episodic content that's coming out port 2, I think, should
be interesting.
Oh yeah, there's at least two coming out, but they have a countdown timer in the game
to when the first one's coming out.
By the way, the game has major product placement, which I found very, very shameless product
placement, like Alan Wake uses a Verizon telephone, the car that he's driving in one scene has
sync by Microsoft in it, and Energizer batteries are what you use in light, which is a very
interesting battle mechanic.
It's not like Silent Hill where you kind of have to run away from everything, you can
do that, but it's very much a kind of light versus dark sort of thing in Alan Wake, and
the goal is you have to burn them down with your flashlight, and then they're vulnerable
to get shot, and you can kind of go through and kill things, but you can use light from
different sources, not just your flashlight, but you can use the headlights on a car, you
could attract the monsters towards a pole that has light shining from it, and it would
burn them down.
It's very interesting.
I'm surprised that Energizer would agree to have their batteries in a game where you have
to keep collecting batteries because they keep running out really fast.
It's like, uh, shouldn't I just collect one Energizer battery and be done with it for
the whole game?
I mean, isn't that the message we're trying to send across?
Well, if you don't burn your batteries by, because you can focus the light energy on
a monster and that burns your batteries real quick, but if you don't do that, you can burn
them down very slowly, although it's tough to dodge in that way, and then your batteries
slowly recharge.
So if you're kind of smart about the way you do it, you don't ever burn through a battery,
because you just burn it down, slowly recharge, burn it down again, recharge, but sometimes
it just becomes too much chaos.
Okay, that's just witchcraft now.
Well, maybe that's the trick, I don't know.
So yeah, Alan Wake, I had a good time with that.
So that's one of the games I've been playing outside of the whole E3 show.
Also we took a trip to Arcade Infinity one of the nights we were there at E3 just to
go, you know, see what's new over there.
What's new over there?
Well, new versions of all the same damn games we've been playing for ten years.
I played Guitar Freaks X, what the hell are they on now, X5 I think?
I don't know.
I just lost count.
Doesn't matter.
It's the same game I played ten years ago, just with new music, so whatever, it was fine.
I played D2Max Technica.
But don't the X games have like the, uh, No way, I didn't play it myself, I watched
Shane play it.
I thought I was playing it in my head.
Were the X games the ones that have like the extra buttons on it, or is that the different
one I'm thinking of?
No, it's just three buttons.
I'm thinking the DX ones or something, or GX, or, I don't know what the hell it's called.
Who cares, it's damn Guitar Freaks.
I played Pop and Music the movie, I don't even know what version of the game that is.
It's like 16 or something.
Whatever, I played that for a little bit, and, you know, playing big buttons.
See Konami, this is the game you can put out 16 versions of, not beat and groovy.
I don't understand why you're getting confused.
How do we make this game again?
And then I played a little bit of DJ Max, because Shane made me, because I was like,
oh, there's actually some songs in Technica I really like, and he's like, really?
You gotta play DJ Max on the PSP, you can play these songs, and he's like, you can do
four buttons and five buttons and six buttons.
So I ended up playing a little bit of that too, and he was strongly encouraging me to
buy DJ Max on the PSP, which I might do, maybe at some point.
There were some songs I liked.
It's not worth it.
Really?
I've tried it on PSP.
You can get it for like, with all the sales going on right now and used and everything,
like ten bucks?
Eh, that might even be worth it then.
So.
Alright.
So that was the games outside of E3 that I played.
I don't know, you guys wanna know, just here in studio, about anything at E3?
Were you curious about any of the stuff, the games there, that you might have heard I got
my hands on?
Marvel vs. Capcom 3, did you try that at all?
I did.
They had about ten characters playable on the show floor.
I got to actually play it twice.
The lines were excruciatingly long at Capcom's booth, but the game was also at Microsoft's
booth and Sony's booth, and so the lines were much shorter at Microsoft's booth.
So I did play it.
I had a team of like, Ryu, Morgan, Felicia in one of them, and I used like Deadpool in
another one, just for Jamie, you know, because I know she'd be happy if I did that.
And I think I used Captain America.
And you know, I'm not super into this series.
I was always more of a Capcom vs. SNK fan, but it played a lot like 2 to me, it just
had more stylistic graphics.
I like the way it looks.
It didn't flip into that 3D as much as I thought it would, like Street Fighter IV does, you
know what I mean?
Like I mean, it's not a 3D game, but you know how Street Fighter IV, like a lot of it has
the 3D elements?
It didn't do that as much as I thought it would, I mean during some of the specials
and so forth, but I think if you're a fan of Marvel vs. Capcom 2, you're not going to
be disappointed.
It's a high def, widescreen, cel-shaded, stylistic game, and I'm sure y'all will be happy.
I am.
Can't wait.
Jamie, now, did you see the extended trailer that they had for Marvel vs. Capcom 3?
The one that included Deadpool vs. Dante?
You had that in there, but did you see where he gets attacked by Morgan or...?
Yeah, see, that's ex- I saw the Iron Man vs. Morgan.
Well, there's an extended trailer that's all those little cutscenes or whatever.
He has one part where he gets attacked by her, she has like those spikes or whatever
that come out, and they hit him in the ass.
Dante looked like a badass character.
Shane was playing as Dante, and he was whooping me, and it took like two of my characters
to bring Dante down, but then I guess Chris is either really hard to use or just stinks
or something, because I took him out like that, and then we were even again.
Probably really hard to use.
Yeah.
What's his face from Dead Rising?
Frank West?
Yeah, Frank West.
He was not in the demo, so I couldn't tell you.
But I will say Dead Rising 2, full of lols.
I like the Fortune City setting for it, the Vegas is a cool little setting for it.
One of the weapons we saw used on zombies was great.
It was like this, okay, imagine like an old style lawn mower that you have to do manually,
but it's motorized on the bottom instead.
So like you could pick this up, and then like he would push it into the zombie and chop
him in half.
Maybe like a mulcher?
Yeah, like a mulcher type of thing.
It was awesome.
I laughed my ass off.
They had that in the first game, sort of.
Well, it was different.
It was like an actual lawn mower that I remember.
I have a feeling Dead Rising 2 is really just kind of more of the same, but it was, we laughed.
Who cares?
It's a great formula.
We laughed and laughed.
There's only one thing they needed to do, and that was just fix the save system.
That's done.
We're good.
Look into our chat room at chat.orangelawnsradio.com if you're listening to us live on Sunday
night.
Why not come join us?
We have a question from chat about questions and comments.
Tiger Claw says, I like how Deadpool yells, you press the wrong button when he loses in
the game.
I didn't see that, but it's so loud on the show floor.
You can't really hear a lot of the games.
I will say, though, one of the soundtracks that sounded like I could hear was the Tron
game that they were demoing at the Disney booth.
I played the Tron game on PlayStation 3.
Okay, here's what it is.
Imagine Prince of Persia got totally reskinned with Tron graphics.
That's what the fucking Tron game is.
See, I thought it was more of like the force unleashed in the Tron universe type thing.
I know.
It played like Prince of Persia.
Like even the demo, you do the wall walking, the big flips, the jumping over objects.
It really felt like Prince of Persia to me.
But it used the Daft Punk soundtrack.
Like I could tell.
And so I'm like, oh, this has a sweet soundtrack to it.
It was very nice and very stylistic with the disks being thrown and everything going in
slow motion.
But I think a lot of people, like Shane, never saw Tron, and he's kind of looking at me playing
the game and he's going, the graphics in this suck.
And I'm like, it's Tron.
Their wire frame graphics is what it's supposed to look like.
He'll learn.
He didn't get it.
In due time.
I know.
He'll get it someday.
Let's see.
Other questions from chat.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Some folks wanting to know, it looks like, who's asked it here?
Ray Iannami is saying it's yet another Symphony of the Night remake.
I guess they're talking about the Castlevania game.
Oh, Tigerclaw is asking, did you play the new Castlevania game?
I did.
It does use a lot of the same skins from Symphony of the Night and it plays very similar.
But yet at the same time, it feels a lot different because it has what I call this Neo Geo effect
where it zooms in and out of parts of the castle.
Mode 7!
Well, you can control that.
It's not arbitrary.
You control that by clicking the left or the right button, one of them.
You would actually control that.
But I found it very hard to get through the maze.
It was a hard rush for 10 minutes.
The problem with the game is that no one was really explaining the game to us and there
was no on-screen rules or whatever in the demo so we just kind of had to figure it out.
And yeah, it really did feel a lot like Symphony of the Night.
But the multiplayer element does seem to add something pretty cool to it.
And yes, you can do co-op or competitive.
So that's kind of fun.
I think it'll be a fun little arcade title.
Depends what they charge for it.
If they try to charge like 30 bucks for it, no.
It's gonna be $15.
$15 is fine.
Probably.
It seems like it'll be a good deal for $15.
$15 is a new five.
The other Castlevania game, I can tell, was not a Castlevania game when it started.
It looked a lot more like God of War or Bayonetta, but it's really pretty.
And it's very stylistic.
And it has sparkle ponies.
And it has Patrick Stewart, excuse me, Sir Patrick Stewart doing some of the voiceover
works in little in-between montages.
But there was this cool little sequence.
I want him to be a playable character.
There was this cool little sequence where like you're on a wolf that's kind of riding
and you can jump onto the other wolf and throw the guy off and it's, it's, Castlevania meets
God of War.
But I think if people are expecting like an old school Castlevania game, the arcade game's
for you.
Not this new one.
This new one is a different direction for the series.
I wonder if they call that level Operation Wolf.
Um, let's see.
Other comments.
Oh, it looks like some folks are asking about the 3D Castlevania game there as well.
Let's see.
They're asking about the Tron.
Tiger class says, hopefully the multiplayer will kick ass.
Like if they have the classic light cycle versus light cycle from the original Tron
in 3D.
That's the Wii game.
The Wii game had a whole little light cycle thing in 3D.
That is exactly what the Wii game is.
So there you go.
Well, no, it's gonna have that also in the other ones.
Oh, they were showing that in the demo.
They were probably just showing different levels.
Yeah.
Most likely.
Most likely.
I could tell the graphical difference though between the Wii and the other ones.
Well Tron is supposed to be in 3D also in the PlayStation 3 version.
I'm not sure about the 360 though.
I will tell you about a couple other games just kind of off the top of my head.
There's a few that I want to talk about for sure.
A couple of them are music based so bear with me a minute.
Rock Band 3 is gonna be a worthy upgrade.
They talked very quickly about some of the stylistic changes that they've made to the
menus where you really see your band kind of grow up on the main menu.
They've talked about how they have a new condensed mode where you can basically do the entire
band from start to finish in about four hours worth of gameplay.
So it's like an instant rock band party basically if you want to invite people over.
And I think most importantly as the rock band library has been growing and so forth, they
have put in filters on the song list.
And I know a lot of people are wondering this, all of the rock band songs are importable
into Rock Band 3 with the exception of the Beatles which I don't think comes as a surprise
to anyone.
But this Uber machine that they were playing on had Rock Band 2, Lego Rock Band, Green
Day Rock Band, I mean everything else was importable.
This Uber machine they were playing on had like 1300 songs, it was nuts.
I know all about that.
The realistic mode, I didn't understand it at all on guitar because I don't play the
guitar.
Guitar seemed really confusing, essentially 120, I mean I'm sure it's just like, yeah
I don't know how to play the guitar.
I don't know how to play the guitar but watching the guy play that White Stripes song and then
they plugged in an amp at the same time, they like doubled, because there's two guitar peripherals.
One of them has all the buttons and then the other one's like a real guitar that you can
use to play rock band basically in this special mode and I guess they double jacked it into
the game and the amp and what they did, they turned down the game volume and turned up
the amp and he was playing the White Stripes song, it was like the real song.
So I think this will answer a lot of people's calls like, well if you, and especially like
music, you know music snobs and people in the bands, Rock Band isn't real guitar playing.
It is funny though, like that game Power Gig gets announced way back and everyone's like
oh my god you know it's a game that's going to teach you how to play guitar and then Rock
Band 3 comes out, oh it's exactly the same thing, ah crap.
But I will say one instrument I know a little more about is the keyboards and getting to
see the real keyboard mode, I was like whoa cool.
I do want to correct one thing I had said, speculated I guess I should say earlier on
the show and that is when you're playing in the five bar mode, I think that's what they
call it, the five bar mode, which is you know like regular rock band on the keyboard, it
is not the color bars that you see at the top of the keyboard, you use right in the
middle, you use middle C, D, E, F, G, for those of you guys that know your piano, you're
basically using just five keys right next to each other to play five bar mode.
You're only going to use the full keyboard if you actually choose to play in pro mode.
But I, as a keyboard player many many many many years ago, I was in heaven, I thought
it was great.
I think it looks awesome.
Looks awesome.
Dr. 945 in our chat room, chat.orangetongue.com, excuse me, The Dr. 945 says have you guys
seen the complete track list wall, that's a lot of songs on rock band, yes it was in
their booth, it was right across from where we were playing rock band three, it is very
impressive and they also had a bar graph, I don't know if that made it into the pictures
as well, that says here's how many they have in rock band, here's how many are in guitar
hero, it was a lot less.
I really really didn't want to like Dance Central, but I do.
The Kinect games, because I kind of, and I'll let Loki kind of cover Microsoft's press conference
and some of the highlights and lowlights in a minute, but I think a lot of us walked away
from Microsoft's press conference kind of going, oh these Kinect seem like the gimmicky
crap we saw on the Wii a couple years ago, but you know what, getting up there and actually
playing Dance Central was actually kind of fun and moving back and forth and it wasn't
as complicated as I thought it was going to be from first looking at it to follow the
guy on the screen, it kind of felt like doing aerobics in a way, and I think that's the
Kinect's biggest strength, it's going to be exergaming heaven is what it is.
If you've ever taken a dance class, it's basically how they break it down in a dance class, basically
like a long time ago in high school I took a street dance class during, it was like sophomore
year or something, and it was fun for like a summer, and basically what they do is they
teach you small little bits, like different techniques or whatever, and then you string
it together in a routine, and that's basically what this game is, they teach you a bunch
of small techniques and then you string it together in a routine, which is cool, I think
that's, I mean, I'm not sure if I would actually play this a lot because my wife would just
not get it, she would just be like, you look like a dumbass, I can see it right now, and
it would be kind of fun though, I still may get it anyways, but god no it's not going
to ever appear on the internet with me in a video, never ever, unless I get really good
at it, in which case, maybe, but even still, no.
So I mean that's kind of cool, and the song list looks pretty cool on it, but if we're
going to compare it to say Dance Masters, let me put it this way, if you took what you
learned from Dance Central and actually went to a club and did it, you might look alright,
you took Dance Masters and did what they have in that game, you're going to look like an
idiot.
Well I don't know if I go that far, because I think it was hard to see, and I wanted to
get into Dance Masters, but for me the biggest difference between the two games is, yeah
the style of dance was definitely different between the two, but it's the song list, and
that's really what it's going to ultimately come down to, and if Dance Masters continues
down this path of DDR looking songs, there's going to be a niche audience for it, which
is most of the people that have grown up with this show for the past 8 years since we started
talking exclusively about DDR, but Dance Central will be the game that sells superior to it
in America anyway.
I don't think Dance Central is even going to come out in Japan, and I think Dance Masters
will rule over there.
Here's the thing though about Dance Masters, and actually Dance Central, I'd be more willing
to back Dance Central because I know how harmonics is with download content.
They will deliver on download content.
Konami, they've promised to deliver on download content for every single dance game that's
come out, even the Karaoke Revolution games that have come out, never have they actually
come through.
It's just been, oh we'll put out a couple things to download content, we're done.
Oh yeah we promised you all this stuff, but like fuck if they're going to deliver it.
Well two things I think are important to say about Dance Masters, one of them is that,
and I mentioned this on one of the daily shows this week, the Rob Roberts and Pals that were
on the feed earlier this week, I got served a nice slice of humble pie this week because
something I probably said back in 02 or 03 in the early early days of OLR, I know I clearly
said, get over it, Para Para Paradise is never coming to the US, absolutely will not happen.
Sure enough here we are seven, eight years later, Dance Masters is basically Para Para
Paradise.
I mean they're going to tell you different songs, it's not all Europe-y, professionally
choreographed, but it's still the wrong way.
Here's my thing, because the only song that I saw, I mean they have like two songs that
they showed, they showed one it was some Naoki Smile Decay song, and they had another one
that was Night of Fire.
Now I can understand if those maybe have Para dancing to them because it's more Japanese,
the Para Club stuff.
Now the other songs that are in the game that say are other genres of music, do those have
different types of dancing, different styles, because that might be kind of alright.
If it's all Para, like if it's Para to some Pink song or something like that, that's a
little weird.
If it's actually different styles, like if they have country songs with country dancing
to it, or if they've got hip hop songs with more street jazz type stuff in there, that
makes sense.
But if it's just all this Para style dancing, that's kind of weird.
I actually thought though, I will say this, I actually thought Dance Masters was the more
graphically appealing game in kind of looking at them both side to side.
I think in the end, Dance Central was the more easier to follow kind of dance, but I
thought Dance Masters kind of looked better in some ways.
It's hard to explain.
I think a lot of people are probably going to just end up picking up both, especially
the crowd that I think mostly listens to this show, but I think ultimately Dance Central
is going to prevail in the scales here.
I'll check out the other one, but I'll pick up Dance Central.
Dance Masters will do better overseas.
Well absolutely.
But yeah, I had a good time with those games.
So let's see, those were the music games.
How about something for the non-music game fans?
Because this was...
Real quick, I was going to say one thing, I mean it wasn't shown on the floor or anything,
but one of the games I saw footage of that I thought was really awesome is DJ Hero 2
that they're going to be doing, well the karaoke part, cool, whatever.
But I do like all the different stuff that they have now where the samples that you do
during the freestyle portions are actually part of the song, it's not just crappy flava
flave samples over top of everything.
And also the freestyle scratching, the freestyle cross-fading stuff looks pretty cool.
You know what game unfortunately I did not get my hands on but Shane did and he swears
it was probably one of the best games he played at the show?
DJ Hero 3D.
Yes, I actually want to pick that up.
Looks awesome.
From what I understand it was a really great experience on the 3DS, so I wish I'd seen
it myself but no I got to play some other stuff.
I think I played Sims 3 on the 3DS actually, funny enough, which takes your picture and
then builds your little Sims character to look like you.
To look like your picture?
Yes, do you know how huge my nose was?
I was a little offended actually.
That's still a pretty cool feature, hope they have that in the other versions.
That's pretty cool.
I just don't want to see how fat my Sim's going to be.
Well luckily it only takes pictures of your face.
Cannot fit on screen.
It only takes pictures of your face, luckily.
I'm like, I have more hair left than that, what are you telling me?
That's for the 3DS version, you never know with these Kinect cameras and move and stuff.
Alright so some folks in chat seem to be getting confused, let's also just clarify.
Harmonix is making Dance Central, which is more of the do this for 8 counts, do this
for 4 counts, do this for 16 counts type of dance game, breaking it down.
Dance Masters is the Konami game that functions a little more like Para Para, but when I say
that, it's not 6 streams that you break, it is nothing like that at all, it is tracing
motions on the screen and posing in certain ways.
It's like Para Para and Elite Beat Agents combined.
Yes, that's a good way of describing it actually.
How about some non-music games for a minute, because there's one that really surprised
me at the show.
Don't they exist?
Yes.
By the way, Jamie, since you have the mic up for a minute, I want to ask you, is there
a dance game that you're going to pick up?
Or are you like, no thank you, I don't really want to dance, or what?
No I think that I want to play Para Para at home, and it's actually kind of funny because
just a few days ago I was thinking about hooking up the biscuits.
Now what you should have done is done the, because you probably know the Night of Fire
routine, right?
No, not by heart.
Oh, well.
What about Sheen?
No, Sheen doesn't play Para.
No, no.
I would have been able to do Boom Boom Fire is probably the only one I still remember
after all these years.
Hey, I went and played the Para around the corner from, you know, on Arcadia, and I remembered
my stuff.
I could shake my butt.
I probably could have remembered with the stuff on the screen, but why did I need to
do it?
Bobby Black Wolf, there's a video of him on the internet doing the Night of Fire routine.
You should have done it.
Free publicity, Rob.
When I got up there, Shane specifically said, you better not play Night of Fire.
So I did the Smile DK song.
Thank you, Shane.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
Look, I want to get past this.
I do want to say this, though, because somebody who was doing the Night of Fire dance right
there at the booth the day I was there, Naoki was there on the floor.
I got a picture with him.
I got to put it on Facebook.
I promised you, if I had a chance to meet Naoki, I would ask him one question, and that
question is, and this is how the interaction went.
I said, you know, hi there, can I get a picture?
And then he said, you know, thank you.
And I said, hold on, just one question.
I said, is that Facebook really you?
And he doesn't speak very good English, he was kind of like Facebook.
And I was like, Facebook?
And I kind of pointed to my phone, because I don't know how else to describe Facebook.
I'm like, is it you?
And I'm kind of like pointing on Facebook.
And he's like, oh, yes, yes, me on Facebook.
And so yes, that Naoki Facebook is really him.
They made the mistake, and I kind of feel bad, you know, they made the mistake of him
actually speaking during the Konami press conference.
And that was the most weird thing.
He's adorable.
Come on.
I know he's adorable, but he doesn't speak good English.
So give the guy a damn translator, you know, same with the guy that was describing 99 Nights.
If you keep pushing X button and Y button, the game will suck, or you will be sucked.
Come on, dude, I need a translator.
Don't just let this guy wing it.
Do not hate on Naoki on this show, he is adorable.
He looks like, you know what he looks like a person, a hyper little kitty cat.
He was running around the stage, taking little pictures of his iPhone.
He was so happy that people were playing the game and having fun with it.
He was so happy.
You know, and more props to him, and I know it's not his fault that some of the last DDR
games have really been terrible, and you know, and I kind of feel bad in that sense, because
they've taken what he created and just kind of took a big dump on it, like they did with
Beaten Groovy.
But it's just, it's not, it's very awkward, okay?
They had a lot of awkward moments during the Konami press conference, speaking of which,
and I know it's just kind of like, eh, whatever, Glee, karaoke revolution game.
Worst game I played at E3.
Yes, I played it, and it's terrible.
And I officially don't give a crap about Glee.
It was one of those things when we walked in Konami's booth and I kind of looked over
and I saw, I mean, it's huge, it was no secret, I was like, I kind of did that moment of,
of course, of course, I should have fucking seen that coming, I should have known.
Did I have Shane play Def Jam Rapstar?
No, no, no, no.
Here's why the Glee game was bad.
They've basically just done away with the character models and everything.
It just plays videos from Glee that sometimes match up with the song and sometimes just
completely random videos.
And it just, it's, it's not that great.
I think I sat there, I think we sang, like, I don't even know what song we sang, but I
was singing like this, I was going,
Perfect!
Yeah, 95%.
Granted, I was on the easiest level, but geez.
All right.
All right.
Please, a non-music game.
Please, please, please.
May I talk about a non-music game?
No.
Because there was a non-music game I played at the show.
Child of Eden looks awesome, by the way.
I'm done.
Shut up!
It does look very awesome.
It has Kinky Rockets in it.
They're doing the soundtrack.
Shup, shup.
Dude, I love Kinky Rockets.
Hey!
Hey, listen.
Let me say this, because this is a game you would expect dark soccer to walk away from
the show going, I really like this game.
But it was me that walked away from the demo for DC Universe going, that PVP was a hell
of a lot of fun.
Who'd you play?
Or did you make your own character?
It's all make your own character.
You cannot play as Batman or Wonder Woman or any of that.
They play as guys.
But all the raid gear, quote, unquote, is like clones of Wonder Woman and Superman and
all that.
So it looks like, you know, we didn't get to do too much of the character creation.
It was all PVP, but it looks like your characters can kind of go down a Batman-y path or a Wonder
Woman-y path.
And the guy who demoed it was really great.
He was one of the better demonstrators I was working with during E3.
He really was trying to kind of, he could tell we were WoW players, and he was kind
of just trying to break it down, like what some of the differences were.
And he said that they don't want people to be kind of pigeonholed into these tank and
healer and DPS roles.
They kind of want everybody to be able to do everything.
And I thought that was pretty cool.
I just liked, it was more action-based.
Here's the thing you need to keep in mind.
DC Universe is a much more action-based MMO.
Like the only action MMO I've really played to any extent is Phantasy Star Online and
Phantasy Star Universe.
I love PSO.
But I mean, the action in that is really super slow compared to DC Universe.
I mean, Phantasy Star is like sword, sword, sword.
You know, whereas DC Universe is like punch, punch, punch, ice storm, drink a soda to refuel
and then fly up and I swear the best, the moment where I was like, I need to get this
game when it comes out November 2nd.
Part of the PVP we were doing, it was heroes versus villains, of course.
And all the people that were out on the show floor were basically the heroes.
The villains were the people in the private rooms getting screened the game.
And the guy was like, okay, I'm really not supposed to show you this, but okay, do this.
The game was trying to hold down these forts.
So it would be like heroes versus villains inside these little techy looking forts and
whoever can hold it down longer would win it.
He says, go fly onto the top of it.
There's an EMP device and hold down the circle button until it counts down to zero.
And so I did it.
And then while you are holding down the circle button, it flashes back to a scene of the
fortress.
And once the countdown hits zero, boom, all of the villains went flying out of the room
because the EMP device just, it's like a magnet thing that pushes them all out.
And I was like, that was fucking rad.
I can have this game now, please.
Yeah.
And the greatest part was knowing that all those villains were the mucky muck oppressed
people in the super secret screenings.
So I had a really good time with DJ or DJ universe, DC universe.
So I want to pick that full game up when it comes out.
Final Fantasy 14, we had a demo of that as well.
Speaking of MMOs, the game looks astonishing.
I feel like this game is not as far along as they would like it to be.
I can also say, just knowing some people that are in the private alpha right now, the alpha
really does not run very smoothly right now, even on pretty high end computers with a lot
of gigs of RAM, none of the settings are changeable and the frame rates in the city is pretty
bad.
Granted, it's in an early alpha and what did I say before?
We shouldn't be forming our final opinions of games off of demos, but the Final Fantasy
14, there's a lot that I really like that they did with it.
The guild labs, I think, are great.
You can start quests out in the field and you can finish them right when you finish
them.
Monsters are marked, they're easy to find.
You can scale the difficulty of any quest you do so that you can either solo quests
or you can party.
Thank you.
I know, it seems like they've really fixed a lot of that.
As long as they got rid of the level cap quests, I'm good with that.
Now it's just a matter of making the game run smooth because even in the Uber, I was
noticing some frame rate issues and I like my games to run very smoothly so I was a little
antsy about that because the game's supposed to be coming out pretty soon, but I have a
bad feeling it's going to need to go back to the drawing board for some tweaks a little
bit to optimize it.
I will say this, as it stands right now, I'll pick that game up on the PS3 because that's
where they're going to have it optimized for.
I think PC is going to be too much of a variable.
Oh, did I mention one little unfortunate bombshell about DC Universe?
I don't know if this is out there a lot, but the PC and PS3 versions are not cross-server
at this time.
Yeah, that's what they said last year too.
And it sounds like a lot of the reason because of that, it's not that the developer doesn't
want to do it, but it sounds like a lot of the reason has to do with kind of balancing
issues.
It's really different when somebody's playing on the PS3 versus the PC.
And I do think Sony's kind of a little bit of a...
Did you play it on the PS3 or the PC?
I played it on the PS3.
Yeah, PS3 was actually pretty easy to control.
Yeah, I was very surprised.
For an action-y game, it was cool.
So, Tigerclaw in chat wants to know, and we're getting like 40 minutes into the show, we'll
get into some news here and stuff in a minute, Tigerclaw says, did you get a chance to check
out the new Twisted Metal?
I watched other people play it, but I am not the big fan of the series that Loki is and
so forth.
I was very excited that they talked about the new Twisted Metal.
But the thing is, they were showing off that Nuke mode, that seemed very confusing to me.
Or at least, the whole idea where there's people in helicopters and stuff, that just
didn't...
I didn't understand what they were doing.
I mean, it looks fun.
It looks like a slightly better-looking version of Twisted Metal Black, but I kind of want
to see what just a normal game looks like, other than that deathmatch mode.
Because I liked Black a lot.
I loved...
I think that was one of the best Twisted Metal games besides Twisted Metal 2.
All right, let's get into kind of wrapping up the press conferences a little more officially
here than just little tidbits here and there.
I do want to say some housekeeping real quick, though, because we're 40 minutes into the
show, just now getting to housekeeping.
Next week is our eight-year anniversary of Orange Launch Radio.
Actually, technically, it's during the week this week, June 23rd, 2002 was our very first
show.
So happy eight week...
Or eight weeks.
Happy eight years to us next week.
This week seemed like so long.
We're not doing anything special for it, really.
Just the same old thing we usually do.
But just, you know, kind of want to thank our listeners for the support over the eight
years of this show.
There will be no show the week after that.
That next Sunday is the actual 4th of July, which of course is a holiday here in the States.
And just due to other things we all want to do that night, there will be no show on the
4th of July.
Okay?
So that's really it for housekeeping.
Otherwise, join us on Facebook, Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
Join us on Twitter, Twitter.com slash OLR.
We're still taking Twitter topics.
If you have a story you want to share or questions about E3 you want to ask, mailbag is always
open as well.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
So the beginning of the show tonight, we want to keep it a little more freeform just in
kind of wrapping up what happened at E3 and kind of summarizing the press conferences
and what everybody kind of thought of the news.
Loki, what do you want to say about Microsoft?
Because they started everything off the first night before the actual floor show began.
Microsoft came out there and in a nutshell focused mostly on Kinect and a bunch of games
that we kind of already knew were coming.
There was no new games outside of Kinect that were announced besides the one game that,
I don't even remember the name of it now, that's what the type of impression it had
on me.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
The Crytek Microsoft game studios that I thought was 300 the game because that's what it looked
like, 300 the game.
So that'll be interesting because Crytek does some really good work.
Stuff that I thought was interesting about that press conference and we'll go over like
every, well not every little detail, but just some of the basic stuff.
The ESPN stuff coming to Xbox Live Marketplace, the actual streaming, I think is kind of cool.
Not for me perhaps because I don't give a crap about sports, but for people that do
like sports and there's a lot of them out there, I think that's kind of neat.
The whole movie Kinect thing where you can control stuff just by voice command almost
like sync and motion gestures and stuff like that, that's kind of neat.
Can I back up a little bit about the ESPN thing because it kind of goes in that whole
integrated television thing and I did think that was cool.
I'm not into sports either as much as other people.
I might put the local team in and just kind of try Sacramento Kings because that way I'll
know if my coworkers are going to be in a good mood or a bad mood the next day.
I'll kind of track that in the ESPN thing, but I don't think I'll use it for a lot more
other than that.
But what really disappointed me was that when we were talking about TV integration, I think
one of the things that Microsoft did so well in this past year was one versus 100 and there
was literally no news on that front.
Not that game, not any of the other types of games that they were talking about.
I was extremely disappointed that that subject didn't even come up.
Yeah, that's too bad.
But other stuff, obviously Kinect was pretty cool.
They shut off a bunch of different game demo examples with that, including of course Kinectimals,
which I think was pretty cool.
If you're going to do one of those sim animal games, that is seriously the way to do it.
To me, it was so well done.
I think it's going to be a really big game with kids.
And when you compare that to the iPad stuff, it just seems a little more natural to me
instead of just trying to pet, trying to play with this augmented reality creature type
thing.
I don't know, it's like Milo in animal form almost.
I was bored watching it.
Yeah, but it's not meant for us.
Yeah, but I feel like hardcore gamers really got the shaft at Microsoft's thing.
We didn't get anything.
I mean, it was a bunch of games we already knew about.
Yeah, but they didn't have anything that was really meant for the hardcore gamer though
with Kinect.
And isn't that the mistake Nintendo made four years ago?
It is.
As recent as last year?
It's possibly that way, but they may be relying more on third parties to kind of do that stuff.
But the problem is they've got the hardcore audience right now.
They're not trying to bring in more people necessarily.
They have the hardcore gamers.
They don't need to worry about the hardcore gamers leaving because there's no Kinect games
for them.
They're trying to bring on the casual audience that's not playing the Xbox 360 right now.
I still kind of think, and I know some folks may argue with me and so forth because, you
know, the press conferences are for everybody and it's so that they can get the coverage
and so forth.
But I'm like, but this is E3.
You know what I mean?
Like, you know, even CNN who's covering E3 sends their tech guys who play a lot of video
games to E3.
And I don't think there is on the up and up on a lot of this stuff.
I mean, if Xbox wants to show off a lot of these Kinect things, I mean, I understand
why it's a big part of the press conference, but some of these games could have been relegated
to, you know, being debuted on the Ellen show or something for the appropriate audience.
You know what I mean?
I just feel like it's not just the one versus a hundred thing, but a lot, I mean, no mention
of game room, which really doesn't surprise me, sadly, or just any other big holiday hardcore
titles that we didn't already know about was a little disappointing to me.
Honestly, I think it would have been better if they never announced Gears 3 a couple months
ago.
I think they should have kept it under wraps.
I don't think there was any advantage to them blowing that on the Jimmy Kimmel show or whatever,
no, the Jimmy Fallon show or whatever show it first showed up on.
Yeah, I understand that, but at the same time, you know, like I said, their focus with Kinect
is not necessarily the hardcore gamers.
They've already got them with, you know, the stuff that they have coming out.
And there will be stuff later on that will support the hardcore gamer crowd, but it should
just not going to be the launch stuff.
It's mainly just, you know, more of the casual audience that they're trying to capture in
and then, you know, maybe they'll convert some of the hardcore gamers over later on
to trying that stuff.
And so there's a lot of stuff that they show off there.
Obviously, you've got your Wii Sports clone, your Wii Sports Resort type thing with Kinect
Adventures, Kinect Sports, seriously, Kinect Sports, couldn't you have done something a
little bit different?
Call it Kinect Athletics or something like that, you know, it's just so much of a, almost
a rip-off, you know.
But again, as much as I'm sitting here going, boo press conference, then I got up there
and played Dance Central and I was like, okay, it's kind of fun, I got to admit, it's...
But yeah, that's more of a casual game though.
What's that, DarkSaga?
I'm looking at this picture that Tiger Claw linked from Go Nintendo of Miyamoto checking
out Kinect.
And does he look kind of pissed?
He looks sour.
That could just be a bad freeze frame though, you know, how like a video is what, like 30
pictures a second, you know?
Yeah.
And I still think it's kind of funny.
It is funny.
I'd like to see somebody make a comic out of that.
And what I was going to say, some of the stuff that they did show that's kind of borderline
on the hardcore games that they showed, like integration or possible integration with Forza.
And to me, that looked just kind of dumb.
I mean, okay, look, with Kinect, you can look around a car, like a virtual car and look
at different stuff on the car.
I don't care.
Or you can drive, you know, by holding your hands in the air like a steering wheel.
My arms would get tired, especially, you know, gamers out there, we're not in the best shape
and that's going to be, you know...
Didn't Joyride look like Excite Truck to you though?
No.
Joyride totally looked like Excite Truck to me.
I mean, I guess the colors and stuff are the same.
I heard Joyride was on rails, someone was saying.
Was it?
I don't know.
I didn't play it at all.
I looked like they were doing the tricks and jumping through rings and stuff that really
reminded me of Excite Truck.
And what happened to Joyride being a free game?
Hello?
It was supposed to be a free game on Xbox Live Arcade and then with paid download content
and stuff, it was supposed to be a whole new different experiment and they just set aside
and yeah, you know what, we're just going to charge $60 for it.
That game is not worth $60.
Maybe it'll be a pack-in game with the Kinect, because a lot of folks are speculating Kinect
is $150 right now, which is fine, but I mean, if you have to buy a game separately, then
aren't you really paying $210 to play a game on Kinect?
It's the same thing if you even talk about, like, look at the bundles that they have right
now for the PlayStation Move.
You can get a bundle that comes with the Move controller, the camera, and a game for $130.
And that's not including the extra controller that you need for some of the other games,
kind of the nunchuck for the Move type thing, which you don't necessarily need, but come
on.
You're going to need it if you're going to want to be able to play everything out there.
It's the same argument, both.
It's just perception.
You know what, I see Dark Soccer kind of looking at pictures over there, and it kind of reminds
me, one of the games I would have liked to have seen them demo on the expo floor, I mean,
I'm sorry, not the expo floor, but at the press conference as opposed to some of these,
you know, Wii game rip-offs that they were demoing, is the Child of Eden game.
That would have been cool.
I've been looking at pictures from it.
That's one thing that would have made me a little happier, is to bring out this new chip.
See, that's more like a hardcore game.
Yes, exactly.
Why waste my time with Wii Sports clones?
We all know you're going to rip off the Wii, quit wasting my time.
That's just pretty.
I think they should have shown the Child of Eden demo, but maybe it wasn't ready or whatever.
I'm just absolutely, look, the fail whale made an appearance.
I think a lot of times, though, with these demos, they're really nervous about things
going wrong.
Like, the things have to be exactly perfect.
Case in point, what happened with the Zelda demonstration at Nintendo's press conference.
They were having a lot of problems.
And what's funny is that was the first thing, I don't mean to skip ahead, but that was the
first thing Nintendo was showing at their press conference, and it started to make a
lot of us go, here we go, in Nintendo's fail conference 2010, and then Reggie just kind
of was like, you know, we'll get into that in a minute, but definitely the tone changed
quickly.
What did you think of yourself, fitness on the Kinect?
I thought that was kind of neat.
I think that's Kinect's biggest strength.
I think that's where Kinect stands to make a lot of money right now, and if they're smart,
they're gonna do tie-ins with the Biggest Loser TV show, and some of these exercise
platforms.
They do have a Biggest Loser game coming.
I know, and who called it, here on the show?
And you were like, no, they already have a Biggest Loser game.
I'm a games analyst.
Anyway, all joking aside, I think the exercise gaming is gonna be Kinect's biggest strength,
and I think, is where they should go with it.
Get off the couch, fatty, play some Kinect.
Other things that they had, you know, out of the conference, let's see, Fable 3.
I could care less about Fable 3.
Basically, Fable 3 to me, you could have just shown me footage from Fable 2, it would have
looked the same.
I played what they had available on the show floor.
I didn't understand what the hell was going on, because it was kind of in the middle of
a quest already.
I noticed that the little golden trails were still there telling you what to do, and you
still had the dog, and then the particular quest I was doing, you got to put on a big
chicken suit, and I guess round-up chickens, and I was amused by the fact that you were
in a chicken suit, but yes, otherwise, I really didn't see anything that felt different to
me than Fable 2.
But hold on, I do want to say, I mean, you make it sound like Fable 2 is a bad game though.
I think a lot of people will be perfectly content if Fable 3 is just more Fable 2, because
it was a great game.
I got bored with it after a while.
Okay, one of the coolest trailers I thought that they showed during the whole Microsoft
press conference was for Metal Gear Solid Rising, where you can cut things pretty much
wherever you want.
That was awesome.
Absolutely awesome.
I can get behind a game like that.
Other cool things, you know, Reach, they were talking a little bit about some of the single
player campaign, they showed some footage from that, it looks really epic, and now they're
going to have space dog fighting and stuff like that, that'll be pretty cool.
You know, going to be a great game, of course.
I don't know, other than that, I'm trying to think of what else they really showed.
They didn't really talk too much about Xbox Live Arcade either, I don't think.
Well there's a Summer of Arcade promo they're doing that has a lot of high profile games,
like the Hydro Thunder I believe is a part of that, and the Hydrophobia I think is in
there too in the Castlevania game that we talked about a little earlier.
You know, that's back, and that's kind of where Arcade's going.
I was personally disappointed in the lack of Game Room news, and I think just further
cements the fact that I think Microsoft's already written it off, but I'll save that
rant for another episode of OLR when they finally stop releasing content for Game Room.
Yeah, I think that's about it, I want to say for, of course the new Xbox looks kind of
sexy and stuff, you know, all the rumors are true of course, you know.
Please America, Europe, Japan, everybody out there listening to the show, Canada, stop
calling it the Xbox 360 slim.
It's not slim.
Have you seen it?
Have you seen it next to the old Xbox 360?
It's still fat.
That's like saying like a guy who went from 300 pounds to 280 pounds is now skinny.
I mean, they're still fluffy.
And there's not that there's anything wrong with that, not that there's anything wrong
with the new Xbox 360, but it is not slim.
It's just the new Xbox 360, and the relaunch of the system we all knew was going to be
happening when Kinect came out.
Yeah, and it's smaller, it does have a Kinect port on it that's going to provide power to
the Kinect sensor if you want to, otherwise if you have an old system you just use the
AC adapter, and then of course, you know, it has the integrated GPU CPU into one chip
and the internal 250 gigabyte hard drive, which I heard was actually, you can interchange
it like the PlayStation one, but I'm not positive.
That's what I'm hearing too, is that it's not as hard wired in there as the old drives
were.
But here's the thing, I don't think those systems are for the people who already own
Xboxes.
It's to piss off those of us that just bought an Xbox a few months ago, thank you, and you
know, it's a push into the holiday season.
And all it is, is basically just an upgrade to the current stuff that they have out there,
and you bet your ass they're going to do another fucking price drop in the fourth quarter,
so you might as well just wait.
I mean, because seriously, they're going to do another price drop, I think they've already
said that they're going to be doing something new towards the holidays, so just be patient.
Alright, so anything else you want to say about Microsoft or Microsoft related stuff?
Dark Sakura?
She's going to be picking up a Kinect to shake her booty.
That's fine.
Alright, how about Nintendo?
Let me give you my impression of Nintendo's press conference this year, because you know,
Nintendo, everybody's expectations were very low for Nintendo.
You know, everybody was expecting something more on the 3DS, but I think other than that,
everybody kind of went in there with their expectations low, but it basically went something
like this.
Reggie Fils-Aime comes out on stage, hi, I'm Reggie Fils-Aime, prepare to have your minds
fucking blown.
Here's the new Zelda game we've been talking about for a little while, and now, here's
a new Wii game, Kirby, here's a new Wii game, GoldenEye, who doesn't love GoldenEye?
Here's a new Wii game, Donkey Kong Country, here's a new Wii game, I mean, he's just naming
game after game after game after game, and then, oh, and by the way, the Wii is still
selling well, all those reports about the people are not buying games for the Wii are
bullshit, so don't you ever talk fucking bad about my system again.
Here comes Iwata to tell you about the 3DS.
That was basically what the press conference was, and then they talk about the 3DS, and
it's real, y'all.
I mean, having seen the thing in person now, I can tell you, it really does work.
It's a pretty impressive piece of technology.
Here's how I interpreted the press conference.
The Zelda game came out, and they were showing off stuff, honestly, they should have just
shown a trailer, because I could care less watching him try to play the damn Zelda game,
and I do like the way it looks.
It's kind of a cross between Wind Waker and Twilight Princess.
I like how it's very colorful, it's got that kind of cel-shaded look to it, but it's still,
you know...
It looks like cel-shaded watercolor, you know?
That's my take on it.
It's more pastel-y, and less like toilet water filter that the last game had.
Well, it looks like a Wii game, and not like, oh look, it's a GameCube game, or even a
Nintendo 64 game, or something like that.
So that's cool.
The demonstration, though, they seriously needed to cut down that demonstration, because
it was not exciting.
It did go on a little long.
It was long.
But they know people are excited about Zelda, and that was one of the big things that everybody
wanted to hear about.
But, uh, sg100matt in our chatroom says, by the way, Reggie has gotten more and more chubby
E.T.E.3, he hasn't been playing his Wii Fit.
Dude, sg100matt, I would be careful, because Reggie will bring out some charts, and fuck
your shit up if you decide to talk back.
I'm sorry!
I don't buy his, oh, people haven't, you know, been playing the Wii, you know, or people
are playing the Wii, and all that stuff.
Where's your data?
You know, you coming out here and saying this, I don't buy it.
You cited MPD figures.
Yeah, MPD figures, they cover what games are selling.
And yeah, I'm sure a lot of people are buying Super Mario Galaxy and that kind of stuff,
but every other game, like, of other genres, like say, some of the hardcore games and whatnot,
those are not selling well.
And you know, I can't say that the whole system's a success, but it's definitely, certain genres
are doing well, and certain ones are not.
It's perhaps just because they don't have all, I don't think they have the hardcore
demographic.
They have kind of like the families playing the game, and you know, the people that are
big Nintendo fanboys, you know, playing just the Nintendo products, and that's about it.
I think a lot of folks in chat are wondering, because they know I'm a hardcore Kid Icarus
fan from back in the day, like what I was thinking when that Project Sora thing happened.
You can pretty much imagine it.
My jaw was on the floor.
I was like, you know, and then as they were announcing it, I was like, oh my god, this
makes perfect sense.
This is why they kept it such a big secret.
The whole Kid Icarus thing made perfect sense.
And it was really the defining moment of Nintendo's press conference for me, where I was like,
oh my god, they're back, thank you.
Whoever hid Kami under the rafters, and whoever put the Wii Vitality sensor somewhere far,
far away, thank you so much.
Mario Sports is kind of dumb.
Played it.
It's a kid's game.
I wasn't a huge fan of it.
I did think Wii Party was better than a lot of people are passing it off as, though.
But the interesting thing is, my question is, if the 3DS is not coming out this holiday
season, which I don't know, I kind of think it's not going to.
I think it is.
Well, I mean, and the one good reason I'm hearing for why it is coming out this holiday
season, what else does Nintendo have?
Because we know Zelda got pushed back to 2011, so what are the big releases?
Goldeneye, that'll be a big title.
Kirby, I think.
Kirby, which was certainly worthy.
Epic Mickey, so they're putting a lot of stock in a third-party title, but it's a worthy
title.
I did play a little bit of that, too.
Looks very good.
Wii Party, I think will be one that they really back this holiday season.
I don't think it's for everybody, but I think it's kind of Mario Party a little more chopped
up than just the full game for more short attention span folks.
Kirby looked okay.
I never really have been a big fan of Kirby, but I definitely like the style of the game.
It's definitely unique.
There's nothing out there like it.
So that was kind of cool.
Wii Party, I just kind of, my mind turned off during the whole, like, you know, Wii
Party thing.
I just don't care.
It's fine.
You play these little mini games, and what's funny is that one of them looks just like
that rafting game they were showing in Microsoft's adventures thing, but it was funny.
We played this boat stacking game where you had to stack people on a boat, and the size
of the people was determined on how well you did in the mini game, and we, you know, Shane
and I were getting competitive, and we were cracking up when all the people were falling
off the boat.
You know what's funny?
Metroid Other M just kind of had to be on the same level as all these other games.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm still really excited about that game, but there was so
much for Nintendo to show that this year Metroid wasn't able to stand out like it did last
year.
Metroid Other M, and it's sad, like, with the people I'm talking to, don't really seem
to understand how awesome this game is gonna be.
I think it looks really, really cool, so it'll be interesting to see when that comes out.
The new Donkey Kong game, I kind of like how they're going back to the old school stuff
with that, and see, that's the thing.
Even with, like, new Super Mario Brothers, you don't have to reinvent the wheel.
Just put out a good, you know, game that's in that genre.
You don't even have to, like, go, like, all brand new with it, just, you know, a new game.
I played the new GoldenEye game.
It's a lot of fun.
I played this odd job and kept killing Shane with my hat.
It was a lot of fun.
Good times.
You threw a shoe?
Seriously?
Who threw a shoe?
It was fun.
It was fun.
I had a good time with GoldenEye.
I'm trying to think what other cool stuff they were showing off.
Epic Mickey, like, the demo that they did of that didn't, like, half of it didn't really
impress me too much.
The other half, though, was pretty cool with, like, the whole Steamboat Willie, like, kind
of.
Yeah, that part was my favorite, too, but what really kind of impressed me about Epic
Mickey that actually surprised me a lot is that you can kind of play Mickey a little
devious.
Like, there was a stage that we were looking at during the demo where you get sent by one
of the characters to collect masks, and what you can do is you can go collect one mask,
take it to him, and he'll say, okay, now get me two more, and what you can do is you go
around to the back of the shop, use your thinner to break down the door so you can just go
into the back of the shop, take that same mask you just turned in, then go back to the
front of the store and say, here's mask number two, and he'll go, hmm, I don't remember them
coming in a set, but okay, and he'll give you credit.
So you can play the game as kind of like Good Mickey or Bad Mickey, which really surprised
me that you'd be able to do that in a Mickey Mouse game.
You know what I mean?
It's supposed to be like...
Now here's the thing.
Heart of Gold.
Remember how they have like the concept art for Epic Mickey, and they have the really
twisted, creepy-ass looking characters?
Were any of them in there?
Because it seems to me that they really like G-rated the whole damn thing.
It's not as like cool and epic as it was before.
Um, yes and no.
I think a lot of that just wasn't in the demo they were showing on the show floor, but with
the whole paint thinner angle, and the fact that Mickey can be deceptive, I think it could
be in there.
We just didn't see it at E3.
I wouldn't lose hope on that front yet, Loki.
As far as Nintendo goes, I do want to talk just a minute about the 3DS, because I know
a lot of people are really curious about what the game, or what the system kind of feels
like.
Don't expect things to fly out at you, like in some of those commercials.
Imagine you're kind of like looking out this window, or looking down a hallway that has
depth that kind of goes in.
That's what the 3DS kind of looks like.
I don't know how they do the technology.
I don't know if it's functioning on prisms is what I hear.
No, it's basically, they've got a different layer on there that directs light to both
your eyes.
It's like, you know how interlaced TV works, how they have different lines that update
every so often?
Well imagine that, but vertical, and instead of it being updated differently, half of those
lines are going to your right eye, half of those lines are going to your left eye.
It's basically like, what do they call it, not lithograph, lenticular.
Have you ever seen those boxes like for Saw, for example, the 3D one, or Final Destination
3D.
That one that they had where you look at it and it looks like the stuff's kind of popping
out because they've got basically this piece of plastic that kind of has ridges on it that
kind of acts like a prism and pushes it to your left eye and right eye.
That's basically how it works.
They focus the image to two different eyes.
It's like the virtual boy, but less headache inducing.
Well let me tell you though, the best thing, I noticed the pull on my eyes, and I was kind
of like, okay this is not going to be a healthy thing for me to play for a couple hours.
Here's the best thing about it.
There's a slider that you can adjust the intensity of the 3D, and if the 3D gets too gimmicky
and too dumb for you, you just turn it off.
Presto change-o 2D.
One of the cool things that I did see them announce when they were talking about the
3DS is that they're going to have support from movie studios to put out 3D movies on
that thing.
Yes.
That's a cool idea.
One of the demos they were showing was Disney's Tangled, one of the movies, I guess it's out
in theaters.
The trailer, and that was some of the most impressive use of 3D they had.
I was not seeing artifacting or anything on the screen, I mean it was only the top screen,
didn't really use the bottom screen at all, but this will be great for kids.
Even some adults too.
I don't think they're talking about a lot of adult movies on the 3D technology yet,
but certainly the kids stuff, I think there's going to be a lot of people very happy.
And of course, the developers list, which I'm not sure if we're getting into later,
but lots of cool stuff, you know, all the big games, Mario Kart and stuff.
Wish they had a WarioWare game, you know, right there.
Still, I mean, if you go by the golden rule of gaming, a system is only as good as the
games that are on it.
This thing has the games to back it up.
The cartridges are different from the regular DS.
The graphical power felt more like a Playstation 2 in there.
I mean, not quite at that level.
I don't think especially a lot of the rendering will be, but you know, like the Kingdom Hearts
little demo I saw looked like the freaking game on the PS2.
So you know, a lot of it is going to be pretty impressive and yeah, I mean, there's the games
to back it up at the end of the day.
It doesn't, it's not like the Playstation move where I can't think of a single game
I really want to buy the move for.
And Connect, I'm kind of teeter tottering, I'm like, well, I guess there's the two dance
games.
Connect, I'm actually planning on picking up and I actually kind of want to pick up
like the Connect Adventures thing because I think that'd be a fun party game.
The Dance Central stuff, I think that'd be pretty fun.
The Fitness game, I'm not sure because, you know, I bought Wii Fit, I'm like, oh, I'm
going to do that and stuff.
It just, I need an excuse to work out, you know, but I don't know if I'd actually do
that.
It's just like, games like that make me feel like awkward, you know what I mean?
Where it's like you can do something, I mean, playing DDR I guess would be kind of awkward
looking too, but I never felt awkward playing the game, you know what I mean?
So, I don't know.
Alright.
Let's move on, I guess, then to Sony, if we've kind of talked enough about 3DS and so forth.
What did Sony do, Loki?
Sony had, of course, their big thing was, they showed off the Move stuff and 3D.
3D was the big thing for them, of course they were talking about partners with third party
companies for different 3D things.
Now, it's a little deceptive in how they were talking about 3D, because certain games like
Crysis 2 will not only be 3D on the Playstation platform, they will be 3D also on the Xbox
360 as well.
Not all games, though, I think were going to be 3D, but as one of their big focus, obviously
the 3D Blu-Ray is going to be available with a firmware update, which that is pretty cool
because if you don't have it, you would have to actually buy a whole new Blu-Ray player.
Also, they were showing off some new games, different franchises, like Twisted Metal was
one of the big ones that they announced, which is kind of cool, Motorstorm Apocalypse, which
I think looks pretty fun.
Little Big Planet 2, I got some hands on time with on the show floor, and the level we were
playing was a race level, but it introduced the grappling hook, and not only could you
grapple on certain parts of the scenery, but you could grapple the other players, and that
made it a lot of fun.
We had a lot of fun with that.
Otherwise, stylistically, it really just looks like the first game, and graphically, but
this upgrade is really more about the extra tools that are in it than anything else, which
I think most people do.
I do like how you can have good control over everything, how you can make puzzle games
and top-down action games or whatever, RPGs, that's pretty cool.
So it'll be interesting to see what levels are created by that, because I know I'm pretty
creative, but I just don't have time to do it, so thankfully there's a community of millions
of players out there to do it for me, so yeah.
I don't know, there wasn't a lot at Sony's press conference that really made me jump
up and down and scream, except for Kevin Butler coming on stage.
That was awesome.
I know it makes me kitty.
What's that?
The P word.
The P word?
The second of the P words.
You lost me.
Portal 2.
Ah, Portal 2, of course, how could we forget, that was the big ending to Sony's press conference
where Valve is basically saying, oh yeah, yeah, I guess we will make stuff for the PlayStation
3 after all.
That's basically what it was, like, we'll stop ignoring you.
But I think even more so than just the fact that Portal 2 is coming out for the system,
is more the fact that Steam is going to have some integration with the PS3.
That was the biggest newsworthy thing to me.
Did you see the trailer for Portal 2?
I sure did.
You monster.
I know.
But now, I've watched, and we were actually able to, you know, we've got our TV out front
with a computer hooked up to it so we can watch YouTube videos at the high res, and
we watched the playthrough demonstrations, and that was really exciting.
But there was also an interview that G4 had up with one of the designers talking about
the story that, you know, you didn't escape, it's in the future, the far future, and you're
still there.
Oops.
They're actually in the playtesting part for both of the storylines, but there's two stories
going on.
One is strictly for single player, and the other is for cooperative play.
So instead of cooperative being a tackline, cooperative has its own story.
I noticed that.
I thought that was pretty cool.
And it makes sense for a game like Portal.
It would be very hard to integrate them both in the same game.
But by the way, just in case it hasn't already been mentioned or you didn't hear, you know
why that Portal 2 party got cancelled after all?
It wasn't because Valve wanted to show something else out.
They were going to announce the PlayStation thing at that party.
But Sony came to them and said, you know, basically in so many words, um, actually,
could you wait and come out on stage at our press conference?
That's why no Portal 2 event happened.
Killzone 3 looked awesome, and I can only imagine what that looks like in 3D.
So that was kind of cool.
The PlayStation Move stuff, I just couldn't get too excited about what they were showing.
I know it's going to have support for SOCOM 4 and stuff like that, and I know that they
have a new Time Crisis game, which, by the way, never forget that they did come out with
a gun con for the Time Crisis game.
What a waste of money that was.
Thank you, Namco!
Did you hear though that the Time Crisis game, there's going to be a mode that's off rails?
I'm like, that's not Time Crisis!
They had that in the last one.
Did they really?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
But see, the gun con in the last one was actually pretty cool, because they did have, you know,
the kind of a dual grip for it, and they had, you know, one analog stick on your left hand
where you'd be holding it in the front of the gun, and the right analog, you know, in
the back of the gun.
And actually that worked really well for first-person shooters, except it was the only game that
used that, which is really sad.
They didn't even really need Move, they could have done it with this thing, but whatever.
So they've got a, you know, new Time Crisis game, and whoopty shit.
Where the hell did The Last Guardian go?
That was one of the big standouts from last year, and it just kind of disappeared, didn't
it?
Yeah, they didn't mention anything, but it's supposed to be still coming out.
Hmm, I found that to be a little strange.
Maybe it was just me, but I was very disappointed.
Still on my list for November.
Interesting.
I like how Gran Turismo 5 has a date again.
Let's see if they actually hit that date this time.
We'll see.
Alright, so I guess we're done with press conferences.
Let's kind of go around and see what everybody's- oh, you have something else you want to add?
No, I want to talk about some of the other smaller press conferences real quick.
Sure, sure.
Please do.
Just make a quick mention.
While they didn't show the Vitality sensor, Ubisoft had their sort of Vitality sensor
game, I guess.
It wasn't really called a Vitality sensor, I forget what they were calling it, but it
was like a breathing, relaxing game or something, which I thought was funny, because I wonder
if that, you know, you would think that they aren't actually coming out of the Vitality
sensor now, since that thing basically is the Vitality sensor, and that, you know, Nintendo
would be suing them, if that were the case.
So that was interesting.
They showed a lot of games that weren't really games, like they had a PC laser tag game,
but all the PC did was basically keep score.
It was actually, you know, a real laser tag, like, pack and crap that you bought and put
on and went and shot your friends and stuff like that.
And Joel McHale looked really awkward hosting the Ubisoft thing.
The new Rayman game looks awesome.
Have you seen that?
The episodic one?
It's just- it's all really pretty hand-drawn and just really awesome.
And then the last one that they showed, which also was kind of weird, and they were- it
was funny because they were saying it wasn't really a game, was Mania Planet, which, you
know, I'm kind of a fan of the Track Mania series, but they're going to be having two
new PC titles that are going to be able- you're going to be able to make your own custom games
out of.
Shoot Mania, which is going to be like a first-person shooter kind of editor, creator type thing,
and RPG Mania, which you'll be able to make your own RPG Mania- or your RPG type games.
And of course, a new Track Mania game that's going to be coming out, which looks very pretty,
so those are pretty cool.
That's pretty much it for right now.
Alright.
Let's go around.
I just kind of want to get everybody's thoughts on the, you know, in your opinion, the best
thing about E3, and the worst thing about E3, I'll start.
The best thing about E3 was by far the 3DS.
I mean, just actually getting to see it and use it and behold, this new piece of technology
was really something else, even if the lines the first day were pretty ugly, but they got
a little more manageable as the show went on.
So obviously the best thing was by far the 3DS.
Worst thing about E3 was flaky flakes like Activision and Blizzard, you know, being under
the same umbrella, just not even- deciding they don't even need a booth anymore.
I realized they had their own off event, I realized they think they're at a level where
they can just not put up with the show of E3, but I just- I don't know, it's kind of-
I get-
Sounds tacky.
It's a little tacky to me.
I mean, they're kind of reeking of that kid who takes the ball and goes home because they
don't like the rules of the game.
You know, it's just- it's unfortunate, I think.
And just the fact that Blizzard will not show anything at E3, because basically they can
charge people $150 who will go see it at their own convention, and then the tickets get scalped
on eBay, so basically people are really paying like $400 to go see these demos of games they're
going to end up buying regardless anyway.
Personally, I think BlizzCon is a big fat joke, but I guess I'll save that rant for
another edition of OLR.
So.
Anyhow, best and worst of E3.
Loki?
I kind of have to agree with the Activision thing, just because I wish there was more
coverage of the Activision games.
To me, and you were mentioning BlizzCon and stuff, a lot of the stuff that Activision
does seems like a cash grab, and believe me, if they had thought about the whole charging
people for online play and when you buy a used game first, they would have been doing
it first.
And I have a feeling they're going to be following suit with that because they can make a lot
of money off of those Call of Duty games, Black Ops and whatnot.
Speaking of which, Black Ops looked fucking awesome, or no, it wasn't Black Ops, Future
Warrior actually, they were showing off the new Ghost Recon game, it looked awesome, and
the Ubisoft thing, I mean, really cool.
One of the best moments of E3 I think was when Kevin Butler came on stage and did his
like little rant.
That was actually really cool.
Completely scripted, well-acted rant.
I don't care.
He's a great actor, he's funny, you know.
I have no problems with, you know, I understand he's not a real, I mean, he's a real person
but he's playing, you know, this character, and that's fine.
I think it's a great, you know, advertising ploy.
So that was really cool.
You know what's funny, I was talking to Bobby about this one of the nights, and Shane was
probably there too, we were talking about this.
Many years ago here on the show, well maybe a couple years ago, I kind of said one of
the problems Sony's having right now is that they don't really have a good voice.
Xbox 360 has Major Nelson, Nintendo has Reggie Fils-Aime, but who does Sony have?
Sony has not really had a spokesperson, but they sure do now, don't they?
My how a lot has changed in a year.
It seems to me like the Stephen Colbert of the video game world.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
I need to retract my Activision thing.
Activision was not the worst part.
And sadly enough it does tie in with Kevin Butler.
Who the fuck is this new kid pimping out the PSP stuff?
He is so fucking annoying.
Why would you even have someone else handling that when you have Kevin Butler?
It's like, hey look, we have this fine caviar, but instead we're gonna serve you dog shit
on a plate.
I mean, why would you do that?
Why would you, you're going backwards, you took a big step backwards with this kid.
At the end of the day, they still eat crayons, Kevin Butler or not, remember that.
Sony's still eating crayons.
I understand, but seriously, what the hell?
Rob, you gotta admit, the kid wears the bicycle helmet.
And then they played like two commercials with him in it, and I'm like, stop.
I already hate him already.
And that's to be redundant.
SSJ100MattInOurChat.
That's terrible.
Exactly right.
Chat.
ThatOrangeLawnTrader.com says, seriously, think of the games they could have shown instead
of Kevin Butler's rant, but it was an epic time killing moment.
ToaGak believes that dog shit is actually better than caviar.
All right, fine.
We can serve you filet mignon, wrapped in bacon, the most delicious food you could possibly
ever have, or a steaming pile of dog shit.
In fact, we'll just put the dog over your face and he can shit straight into your mouth.
So it's absolutely fresh.
Loki, we get it.
God.
I don't think you do.
Well, I'm done with that.
This dog has been constipated forever.
Don't make me bring out the Dalek.
Dark Sakura, please.
The best thing about E3 for you and the worst thing about E3 for you.
It's a combination of getting my little bit of Portal 2 crack, because you know I've been
waiting for that.
And did they say anything about Half-Life 3?
That's what I wanted to ask.
You're funny.
Valve, acknowledging Half-Life.
That's funny.
No, they didn't.
Anyway, and the other good thing would be Kid Icarus with the 3DS.
So yay.
And the worst thing is there was no me there.
That was pretty awful.
I'm sorry.
So I couldn't have my Epic running into Kojima, but he wasn't there anyway.
That's why you couldn't go.
It's a constant in the universe that every E3 that I go to, I have to run into Kojima.
Literally.
And you know what else is kind of dumb?
Not quite the worst thing of E3.
What are they doing with the PSP?
Ooh, look, we have a new God of War game.
Props to you.
New God of War game.
Awesome.
They're still trying to kind of recover from that whole PSP Go debacle.
I think Sony's gonna save that PSP 2 for next year.
Guaranteed there'll be a PSP 2 next year.
They're gonna have to.
All right.
They can't lose by much more.
How about some release dates, because meanwhile while expos are going on, there's still games
coming to a store near you, and we probably should acknowledge some of the upcoming releases.
Yes, this week there's gonna be some Transformers.
The Cybertron Wars will be coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, the Wii, and of course two versions
on the DS, because they have to have one for every faction, and one on the PSP, one on
the PC.
Way too many Transformers, but that's fine.
Also this week, crappy DS games, including Western Riding Academy.
Awesome, because there's no horse riding games on the DS at all.
TNA Cross the Line, that's gonna be coming out on PSP and DS this week.
DS Sing, it's a karaoke game for the DS that comes with a microphone that plugs into your
DS, so you can look like a tool on the subway.
Ten Minute Solutions, coming from Activision, it's their fitness game based off a DVD exercise
series.
Wipeout, based off the, I guess it's a popular TV show on DS and Wii.
Thank you Activision.
Why can't they just have Takashi's Castle the game?
I mean, I know they did way back in the day, but a new one, that would be kind of cool.
Ah, the Wii, what junk you have.
Calvin Tucker's Redneck Racing on the Wii, from Zoo Games, thank you very much.
And some generic brain training games, Think Smart on DS, and then they also have Think
Smart Kids on DS, and then that's also on the Wii.
Let's see here, a couple more, Field and Stream, Total Outdoorsman Challenge on the Xbox 360,
Puzzle Quest 2 on the DS, and that's gonna be the old school Puzzle Quest game, none
of this crappy hexagon space Puzzle Quest crap.
Play that at the show, it has a lot of new mini games too.
Yes.
And finally, an actual game from Nintendo, and kind of a cult classic, or soon to be
a cult classic, Sin and Punishment Star Successor, coming out this week.
Get it now, until it's gone, before it's gone.
Yeah.
So, that's it.
If you want Nintendo to put out more titles like that, you might want to get it now.
Although it does look like, I mean Nintendo's got a lot of, I guess you could say hardcore,
quote unquote, games coming out for the rest of the year.
Okay, some of the other games coming out in Japan.
Big Week in Japan with this release, because I think this is definitely one we want to
keep an eye on, because this looks like a pretty awesome game.
Monster Hunter Frontier Online is coming out from Capcom in Japan on the Xbox 360 this
week, so yes it is an online adventure.
I would probably stop short of saying MMO, but you're gonna have 11 different types
of weapons, and you'll be able to use the Xbox 360 live, basically, to go into a plaza,
chat with other hunters for tips.
Capcom's gonna be regularly updating the game, so keep an eye on that one.
I bet if anybody's importing a game, that would be one of them.
Sengoku Hime 2 is also coming out this week from SystemSoft, a little strategy game there
featuring anime characters, that's a lot of the games in Japan end up being.
There's also, by the way, a special new keyboard coming out for the Xbox 360 Monster Hunter
game, so keep a look out for that.
In other Japanese release dates, there are some games coming out on the Playstation 3
as well.
There's a game called White Album, Susarariu Fuyu no Omoide is coming out, and this is
an adventure game.
Basically your idol is your girlfriend, and the more popular she becomes, the less time
she has for you.
That's basically the plot of the game, conflicts, fight with your girlfriend, the game is basically
what this is.
So...
Why would I buy a game?
It's funny, if you buy a game like that, you might actually start the real life version
of the game.
Also a game coming out over there, Tottori no Atelier, Arland no Reckon Jushuchi 2 comes
out.
It's a sequel to Rona no Atelier, it takes place 10 years after that, it's an RPG.
You have, you know, synthesis and go on swashbuckling adventures, etc. etc.
It's a JRPG, in its finest.
Going over to the Nintendo Wii, SD Gundam Gashapon Wars comes out this week.
Aw, I love SD Gundam, they're so cute.
There's also a version coming out with a classic controller, it should be stated, so check
that out.
By the way, Goldeneye, I played completely on a classic controller, that's how they were
demoing it.
I meant to get that out at some point.
You don't have to use motion control at all in Goldeneye, the way it should be.
On the Nintendo DS this week in Japan, Love Plus comes out this week, and there's like
all these little play stands and things coming out to support it, but that's what it's called,
it's called Love Plus.
It's like a experienced school, and you go on vacations and mountain climbing with three
girls and you date, it's another dating sim, okay guys?
It's the one that's, you know, it's basically a sequel to the one that was like, you know,
where the guy married the character in a bagel.
Yes, it is, it is that same series.
Also, if that's not enough for you, Tokimeki Memorial Girls' Side, third story, so if Love
Plus is not for you, maybe you want to play the girls' side.
It's basically where you are now the female lead and you're trying to get a boyfriend
before graduation.
So I like that, that they're both coming out the same week.
You know, Rob, I have a laserdisc of Tokimeki Memorial OAV.
Really?
Yeah, and I bought it because it had a big Konami logo on it.
Fun.
That really pretty much does it for release dates.
I'm looking at the Sony PSP.
I guess I should say Hatsune Miku Project Diva is coming out this week.
I think this has been covered on a previous show.
It is a rhythm game.
There's a number of people in the chatroom who have been all kinds of hyper about getting
it too.
Yeah, so...
It's the Vocaloid.
It's the Sega rhythm game, so I bet there's some people...
But you...
Oh, you know what it is?
I'm sorry.
It's a price reduction.
It's not the initial release.
But you know who Hatsune Miku is?
The Vocaloid.
You know, remember sending you all those videos of the electronic girl voice singing?
Yeah, I do.
That's her.
Chaos Head Noah is the last game I'm going to mention this week, also on the PSP.
That's an adventure game that's coming out there on the PSP in Japan.
All right, DarkSakura, how about the Old Kingdom?
Well, um, eh.
That's my official answer.
No, um, we've got a number of things.
On the 23rd, we have Land Bandit and Puzzle Quest 2.
Excuse me.
And on the 25th, we have Armada 2526, Backbreaker, Demon's Souls, Lego Harry Potter Years 1-4,
Naughty Bear, that just sounds like a bedroom nickname.
Someone's been a naughty bear.
Singularity, Transformers War for Cybertron, and that is it for this week.
All right.
That's going to do it for release dates for right now.
What's that?
Are you a naughty bear?
I'm a very naughty bear.
YYR in our chatroom, I love this, talking about Love Plus, although AlphaKananagram is
saying it's Love Plus Plus.
Hey, I just read it like it was written, okay?
YYR says, uh, I'll be waiting for the depressing sequel, Love Minus.
It takes place after all the girls dump the main character's sorry ass.
There you go, that's the real game right there.
Chat.orangeacollegenity.com if you want to join in the fun.
It's such a weird game.
Yeah.
Uh, at least you don't poke witches in it.
Um, so E3 of course was pretty big, and there was 45,600 attendees, and next year you can
expect E3 to be coming out slightly earlier.
June 7th through the 9th, it will be also at the LA Convention Center, and of course
they're expecting probably an even bigger turnout for that as well.
So.
Alrighty.
300 exhibitors this year as well.
You know what though, the show's starting to get a little big.
Like I, that was oddly worded the way I said, but I mean, I don't want it to get as big
as it was in 2006, especially when Kensha Hall is now a parking lot, which is what they
use Kensha Hall for now, by the way, just so you know.
It's a parking lot?
Yes, it's a parking lot, people park their cars in there.
In the hall?
In the hall.
When did that get dirty?
Uh, I think the floor is probably removable.
They can do that now.
I'm not kidding, when I went down there to use the bathroom at one point, I looked in
the doors, there's all these cars parked in there.
I don't know if it was the exhibitors or what, but that's what they use Kensha Hall for now.
Weird.
Well, you know what, this is a good story for us to kind of sort of end on here on this
part A, and that is that, you know, the news doesn't stop just because E3 is over, and
apparently Hideo Kojima is, and they were saying he was at E3 this week, showing off
Metal Gear Solid Rising.
But.
He was at the press conference.
Yeah.
Apparently, he is sitting on a massive PS3 exclusive that was not ready to show at E3.
They're going to show it at Tokyo Game Show.
So don't forget, the news does not end at E3.
There are still other expos that people are going to show their big news.
This is coming from a CVG, computer and video game source, that apparently there is a PlayStation
3 exclusive that is supposed to, quote, own the show in Tokyo.
They really wanted to have it ready for E3, but it unfortunately just was not ready.
And maybe they didn't want to steal the thunder from Metal Gear Solid Rising anyway.
No idea what it could be.
Could it be an existing Kojima series like Boktai?
Probably not.
Zone of the Enders?
I somehow doubt that too.
Yeah.
I think this is probably going to be a whole new thing.
Or maybe another just Metal Gear Solid game.
Nah.
Probably not that.
I think it'll be an all new Kojima game.
But we'll see.
Metal Gear Solid move party.
Snake party!
Oh wait.
That sounds bad.
Alright, well we can't end part A here at Orange Lounge Radio without doing a segment
we love here at Orange Lounge Radio.
The classic game of the week.
It's a chance for Dark Sakura to go in the gaming vault and say, hey!
I know you people have been playing all these newfangled games and been re-nup on these
3D systems, these Microsoft flails and all this stuff, but you know what?
Don't forget your roots, kids.
Here's a classic video game you bitches should be playing, right Dark Sakura?
Yes.
This is a game that I love.
Alright, what is the classic video game of the week, Dark Sakura?
This is a game that was for the PC Engine Super CD called Silphia.
Silphia?
Yeah, and I had to go to different sources to find more information about it because
I haven't played the game for a little while myself, but it's a fun little shooter.
It's a 2D shooter set in mythological Greece.
You have a ton of extra lives and you get a special attack called the Giga Fairy Beam.
Fairy Beam?
Yes, because you play as a fairy.
You're a fairy.
It's not really one of the greatest games because it's really not super challenging,
but it's just really, really nice.
You start off with this woman warrior who dies protecting Athena's temple and so she
turns into a Silphia so she can go and basically stop all the people who tried to hurt all
of them, so it's sort of the main story.
Anyway, you fly around and you get power-ups.
Your power-ups are bee icons and you have different bosses you fight.
One's a colossus and one is, I believe, that you fight a gorgon in one level too.
Like that one, you're fighting this big demon thing that takes off his head, I think.
It really goes for things from different Greek mythology.
You have a flying chariot that's pulled by manticores.
It's pretty fun, pretty flight of fancy sort of game.
It is put out by Compile and Compile has brought out a lot of good games.
There's your reason right there to play it, honestly.
That's the people who did the Guardian Legend, need I say more.
It's pricey to try to find a copy of it now.
It really is.
I have a copy.
It goes for about $100 average on eBay, but it's a really good game, really fun.
I would say, for those of you out there who've got Magic Engine, get a disc image of it and
give it a go and then fork out $100, see if you like it.
You know what this reminds me of a little bit is Legendary Wings, just in looking at
it, kind of, but cute.
This robo monster she's fighting right now has ginormous tits.
Yeah.
Look at that.
Since I have a golem, I think.
Give me a little bra, perverts, but too bad about that Medusa head.
Yeah.
All right, there it is.
That's the one thing I also wanted to point out too, is that your attack can go directional
based on proximity.
Very cool.
It is, it makes fighting the bosses a little bit more dynamic than your average 2D shooter.
Your classic game of the week for the PC Engine, a compile classic, Sylvia is the classic game
of the week.
A game so crazy rare, Dark Sakura had to really scour the web to find more information on
it.
All right, that's going to do it for your classic video game of the week.
We have plenty more to come here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, there's a lot of news that still kind of happened that was little things that
happened at E3, and we're going to talk all about that when we come back in Part B. Also,
I need to talk about the big battle, because I didn't mention that in Part A, because E3
was going on, but I want to mention a little bit more about that.
We got the mailbag.
We got the Twitter topics, and all that other fun stuff coming right back at you when we
come right back here on more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with our 371st episode on this June the 20th of 2010, where we are taping
live, of course, as we do every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
Speaking of All Games, amongst all the E3 madness, I nearly neglected to mention this,
and I definitely wanted to mention this at some point tonight, but this has been kind
of building for a couple weeks here, and that is the Big Battle, which is a competition
between several of the shows on the All Games Network.
It is not the host.
It's the listeners that actually are going to be doing some of the competing in these
games.
And there's still more games to be announced.
Think of it as like a gaming Olympics, and you can get all the information at thebigbattle.net.
I think also bigbattle.allgames.com works.
It really doesn't matter which one you use, but definitely check out that site.
I'm going to go ahead and copy paste that link into our chat room right now at chat
room.orangeloungeradio.com, so you can sign up to represent OLR, because we're only the
second largest team on there right now.
And I don't think we can really rest until we're the largest team being represented in
the Big Battle.
But then we actually have to win some of the competitions, too.
And really wrapping up soon, Battlefield Bad Company 2 and Soldner X2.
Both of those battles wrapping up very soon.
I believe there's going to be a live Battlefield competition on the 26th, and then Soldner
X2 is basically get the highest score you can in the next week.
But I will say some new competitions were added, because we got a lot of Twitter feedback
when we first announced the Big Battle, like, well, where are the games that I own?
I don't own those games.
Well, remember, guys, it's like the Olympics.
There's going to be more and more games that are added as this event goes on.
And some of the new games that were added, Pinball, that's right, Zen Pinball and Pinball
FX.
So you can play the Earth Defense Force table for a high score in Zen Pinball, or you can
play Pinball FX, the Buccier table on the 360.
Both those events end on July 9th, and more information is available on thebigbattle.net.
And it's just high score.
And if we get the highest score, then our team gets, like, 10 points, and that's great.
So everybody should sign up and just get the highest score you can.
And we're going to show all these other all-game shows that were much more than just the music
games and all that fun stuff, that we can bring it to the table on some of these other
games too.
So it'll be fun.
So check that out again.
One more time, thebigbattle.net, and we'll bring you the results for Soldner X2 and Battlefield
Bad Company 2, hopefully for next week's show.
Hopefully the folks behind the all-games radio Big Battle will be able to get those results
to me soon.
Moving on with show stuff, we're going to do some rapid-fire news here in Part B and
then get to the Twitter topics.
So if you still need to get your Twitter topics in, you have just a few more minutes.
Alright, Loki, why don't you start us off with some of the stuff that may be a missed
at E3 amongst all these 3DSs and Valve on PlayStation and all this other stuff that
was going on.
This is kind of neat.
Secret of Mana is coming to the iPhone later this year.
Basically going to be a port of the SNES game.
And they didn't really say when exactly it's going to be ported over, but sometime in 2010.
So keep on looking out for that one.
Also, by the way, just because I noticed it's not mentioned here, Final Fantasy Tactics
is also in that same boat.
Very cool.
Another game coming to the iPhone is Bit.Trip Beat.
That's going to be coming out as well.
No word on exactly when that is, but it is coming out soon.
So that's kind of cool.
They're going to use, I guess, the tilt controls to move the paddle in just like the Wii version.
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World is getting kind of an arcade game.
It's going to be exclusive on the PlayStation Network for a certain period of time.
It will be coming out August 10th.
And of course, this game looks absolutely amazing and really I don't understand why
people before when I was posting that we should do, what was it, remember we had that list
list or whatever for the versus games and I picked a really obscure reference to the
guy that did the, you know, King of 9 billion percent or whatever.
Yes.
Yes.
I do remember that.
Yes.
That was many weeks ago.
That's the guy that animated this game.
Oh wow.
Okay.
And it looks freaking awesome.
I don't remember the guy's name, but I'm sure the chat room will figure that out.
But it looks awesome.
Like I actually think about, I may pick this up on the PlayStation Network maybe if I have
the patience, I guess I could wait, but it looks so cool.
Who did that?
I'm trying to remember now.
I don't remember.
I'll look it up and chime in later.
And then let's see here.
Last thing, rock band stuff coming out this week because yes, unlike certain other music
game platforms, they actually do have stuff that comes out every single week.
Not always good though.
This week we will be getting the Miley Cyrus pack number one, which means I guess there's
going to be more than one later on.
Included in that will be a few Miley Cyrus tracks, including 7 Things, Can't Be Tamed,
Fly on the Wall, See You Again, and Start All Over.
Those are each available for $2 or the equivalent in your fictional points, and the whole pack
will be available for 680 Microsoft points.
I have no idea what that translates to in real world money, but I can guarantee it's
going to be slightly cheaper than buying them all separate if you're really going to buy
them all separate, or if you were even going to buy them at all.
Those will be available June 22nd.
I thought the listeners would appreciate a little taste of Miley Cyrus there.
She's more talented than her dad.
She's always important to her grandmother.
Really?
Yeah.
I have a funny story about this.
Can I tell it real quick?
Tell them.
I was admiring the wall of songs that they had at the harmonics booth, and one of the
gals that worked for harmonics kind of caught me looking at it and said, yeah, it's an impressive
list, huh?
And I said, you know, it could really use some more Lady Gaga.
You know, I was just kind of joking, right?
And she said, well, you better stay tuned for next week.
She says, there won't be Lady Gaga.
I can't tell you who it is yet, but there's definitely a lady coming to X, Y, she was
talking about Miley Cyrus.
I kind of want to go back and find her and say, that's not what I meant.
Or you want to punch her in the face?
No, she was nice.
I don't want to punch her in the face, but I just want to, I just want to set her straight.
The Miley Cyrus is not, not, not the same as Lady Gaga.
Thank you.
And, uh, the, the person that I was looking for that, uh, did the, um, Scott Pilgrim game,
Paul Robertson, he's the guy doing the sprites and that guy can animate like nothing else.
It is one sexy looking game.
And if that's not cool enough, uh, apparently there's a chiptune rock band, uh, on a Monoguchi
that's going to be, uh, providing the soundtrack for the game.
So seriously, pick it up.
If you have to wait for it to come out and, uh, Xbox live, then fine.
By the way, can I read some of the, uh, chat room comments here?
Uh, Toa Gak says, fucking shit, Sky, turn it off.
The doctor 4945 says my achy breaky ears, uh, shadow runner says, Sky, you just blew
out my eardrum with that god awful music.
Thanks JK.
Lulz.
There you go.
So our chat room, always appreciative of the antics here at orange lounge radio, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
If you want to, uh, yell at me for playing certain songs on the air, uh, going over to
some other quick news.
This might've been the game of the show, uh, for Loki had he gone, uh, hello Kitty seasons
is coming to the Wii.
That's right.
Finally.
Hello Kitty is getting a Wii game.
I believe she had a game cube game, but now she's getting a Wii game.
Hello Kitty seasons will be on the Wii this holiday.
Um, I don't really know what it's about.
I think it's a puzzle game, but does anyone really fucking care?
I know Loki cares, but I'll send him the link so you can read it offline.
I bought kitty the cool so you could play it.
By the way, if you were thinking of picking one of these up, not hello kitty, but a, uh,
Microsoft racing wheel, you might want to get that now because, uh, mad cats is saying
that, uh, Microsoft will no longer be having them produce this.
Uh, they really had to kind of carefully say this, but they were saying, you're going to
have to check with Microsoft for further information.
Uh, but it's mad cat's understanding that Microsoft is exiting the wheel market.
That was from mad cat's PR manager.
And obviously I can see why with, uh, the tall connect, whatever you want to call it
coming out soon.
Uh, they want to just not have, I bought one of those, um, to use with my arcade cabinet
actually cause I have one of those wireless adapters for the, uh, 360 controls.
I love my 360 controller for PC games.
Like I use it with crisis and I use it with grand theft auto on there, um, I haven't tried
the racing wheel yet with actual, any actual games, but I can't wait to use it for like,
you know, driving games on mame, uh, dark Tetsuya in our chat room says at least Miley
likes hello kitty.
Just going to that last story, tying things together.
I like that.
Oh yes.
Um, more quick things.
Oh, to medias, uh, is, uh, coming out for the X-Box three 60.
I was not on the show floor, uh, but it was quickly announced it, um, Konami's press conference
that auto medias is going to come out, uh, on the X-Box three 60 that's right here in
North America.
Um, and I believe, what is this hot booby action in this game a little bit, right?
Right.
He is with boobies.
Yay.
So if you like Gradius and if you like boobies, then this game will be for you.
And it's a sequel to the Gradius booby game that was on, um, the Japanese three 60.
That's right.
Cause this is called auto medias.
Excellent.
So it's actually like kind of like a sequel.
It's no auto medias gorgeous.
No gorgeous was the original.
Sorry.
Excellence is.
Oh, okay.
Sequel, whatever.
Boobs and Gradius.
That's what they should just call the game.
Boobs and Gradius gratuitous booby is, um, our friends, buddy pals at bamani style.com
had actually a little interview with Naoki Medea at E3 asking about some of the hard
questions about what the hell happened to DDR.
Um, basically Naoki has said that his team is separated from the bamani team.
Uh, he's saying that basically the U S has seen many more music games and his team wanted
to focus on new experiences.
Uh, basically in nutshell, they kind of danced around the, uh, question about what happened
to the DDR games.
They were not shown at E3.
The Wii one was, but the new ones on three 60 and PS3 weren't.
And basically it was basically said, they're not really wanting to show them yet.
Um, so, uh, some of the other things that had come up was, uh, they called out the direct
comparison to the power of heart ice series.
And now he said, yes, I did some work on that.
Uh, but my team is no longer a part of the money.
So dance masters is not able money game.
That's something important to point out.
Hmm.
Uh, they also said we have professional dancers and choreographers from all over the world,
creating routines for dance masters.
So I'm hoping with that in mind, that they are actually doing different styles of dance
and it's not just the Para stuff that perhaps the Para stuff was able to be finished first
because you know, maybe they either have the motion capture data for it, or they already
have routines down for that kind of stuff.
I'm hoping.
I also thought this was interesting and I really hope Naoki, um, means this when he
says this, uh, he was asked a question by Bimani style about, uh, given that you've
worked on all these different types of games, do you think that peripheral based games have
a strong future in America?
And he says, okay, at Konami, we did Guitar Freak, StrawMania, 2DX, DDR, and these games
made the app, created the atmosphere of playing an instrument or dancing.
And then in America, rock band, DJ hero, guitar hero made it feel more real while still being
a game.
We are trying to create an even more real experience while still being the most fun
possible.
So we would like to be flexible.
Here's the part I think you should pay special attention to.
We would also like to collaborate in the future with famous producers and musicians to make
music exclusively for our games, which I think is a good idea.
I think that's a great idea.
So we'll see if that actually pans out.
Arguably, um, the game, you know, DDR, some of the best music in DDR was the music coming
from Konami.
So it makes sense.
All right.
How about some Twitter topics you guys, should we go to Twitter and see what the listeners
are showing us on their tweets?
By the way, if you want to show us your tweets, all you have to do is follow O L R on Twitter
at twitter.com slash O L R and you can send us our tweets.
We always say, Hey, you guys have a few minutes to get those topics in, uh, for what everyone
to talk about.
Keep in mind, I'm not going to read every tweet we get because sometimes you guys link
to stories that are going to come up a little later in the show.
So it's not because I don't like you.
I promise.
Uh, let's see.
Um, I thought this was an interesting link here from tiger claw three Oh five on Twitter
is sending us this Sony downplays the three DS.
Because you know, Sony, Sony was trying to show a lot of three D at their conference
too.
And then Nintendo just kind of came out and said, well, you don't need glasses for ours.
Uh huh.
So here it is.
Uh, Sony, it kind of a downplay this a little bit cast her eyes specifically.
He said, quote, based off internally conducted research, naked eye, three D for portables
does not have high precision.
And at present there are limitations.
He would not comment on the three DS itself, however, because he had not yet seen the system.
Here's the problem, Mr. Her eye.
They've got the games to back it up.
Whereas I dunno, I guess I should say some of the games that sound like they're a pretty
awesome on them, the Sony, uh, uh, three D experience sound pretty cool, but the move
I'm a little less excited about.
It's just that they, I mean, when they come up with him with questions like that, what's
he going to say?
Whoa.
That's amazing.
Wish we had thought of that.
You know, I mean, he's obviously going to try to put something Microsoft and Nintendo
up until connect was announced, was kind of trading these little like, you know, hearts
for each other.
You know, they used to kind of compliment each other until Microsoft decided they were
not going to have any of this competition anymore and go right after it.
It's been fun playing with you, but now you must die.
Exactly.
Dark Tetsuya links us to a story where apparently Reggie has said, you know, maybe young kids
should probably not play the three DS, but he actually means very young children.
We recommend that very young children not look at the three D images.
That's because in young children, the muscles for the eyes are not fully formed.
This is the same messaging that the industry is putting out with three D movies.
So it is a standard protocol.
We have the same type of messaging for the virtual boy as an example.
I tend to make my baby cross-eyed seven years or older.
According to Reggie fees and may, I would be very, again, I think the disclaimers on
this thing are going to be a mile long.
Alpha Kana gram is saying CH children of eat or chart child of Eden three DS.
Good idea.
Am I right?
I mean, it would look cool on three DS.
It's from alpha Kana gram.
Uh, that might be too much going on.
That might be too much for the eyes, but it would be, yeah, it'd be a little tough.
I think something that's more wireframe like rez would lend itself a little easier to the
three D stuff than maybe child of Eden.
I would like to see a rez three D port, you know, something we didn't talk a lot about,
but there's an, I apologize if I'm, I'm mentioning a story that's coming up, but there's hella
hella ports being planned for the DS.
Like, you know, if you think it was bad, all the stuff that's coming out now, man, they
want to go back and do all these games.
One of the games I played on the three DS was the old shooter, old shooter by Namco
Xevious.
That's a great game.
And it was three D. That's fantastic.
And there's all these other old school three D games are going to go back and do.
You probably heard about ocarina of time and I guess there's this list somewhere that details
all these games that into no one's to do in three D. So those are actually, they're not
games that they want to do.
They're in development already.
Geez.
Bob, what my brain just did something weird.
It combined ocarina of time with weird Al doing the soundtrack.
What the poker arena of time, that'd be the greatest thing ever.
That was so strange.
All right.
I had to share that.
It just popped into my head.
Seriously.
Weird Al game.
Where is it?
There has not been a weird Al game and Gallagher had a video game.
That is just blasphemy that there has been no weird Al video game.
And also I want to say I am also very disappointed with TV being the way it is nowadays.
We should really seriously have our own UHF channel by now.
Ray Iannami, oops sorry that was a retweet not a question.
Richard Zard says I'm very upset I cannot meet up with you at E3.
I tried to meet up with you at E3 but that didn't go so well.
I was really looking forward to meeting you after three years of listening.
Well unfortunately E3 is probably like the worst possible place to do a meetup because
there's so much going on at E3.
You know unfortunately it doesn't lend itself as well to meetups.
It's like things like PAX and so forth and you know we were just there was just too much
going on.
But honestly I didn't know there was an interest beforehand for folks to kind of want to meet
up.
I didn't think enough of our listeners really went to the show but now that I know there
are some I guess next year maybe we'll plan like a dinner one night or something we could
probably do.
But just on the show floor is just really like the worst possible place to have you
know OLR reunions and so forth.
SGA 100 Matt is asking us out of all the E3's you guys slash gal have gone to which is your
fave worst and where does this one stack up to those?
Easy my favorite was my first one because you never forget your first and that was also
the year we met like a Kiryamoka and I had like the Silent Hill set up and it was a cool
year.
The room.
And then later also Bamani or I'm sorry 2DX was announced for America right or maybe that
was the next year.
No that was.
We had the distorted the second year I think.
Oh maybe that's right.
And the karaoke revolution country.
My least favorite year was 2006 the year right before the break because that was year where
Paris Hilton had a line going around there's just too damn many people at E3 and it kind
of became a little bit of a joke.
And then this year would be my second favorite E3 I felt that I just I got to do so much
this year that I hadn't done in years past and I was keeping myself so busy with stuff
that I was very pleased with the show this year and I think there was just a lot of good
tech to see because I don't think last year's show was very good either that would probably
be my second least favorite show next to the 06 show.
So I would rank them 04, 10, 05, 09, 06.
Well I can't really rank any of mine I mean there's good experiences and bad experiences
and not all of them I link with the convention itself.
So I would say I think that I really did like 2006 just because I got in a ton of awesome
interviews that year and the year before that was pretty cool too because I piggybacked
on my friend's press pass and the year before that was great because it was my first E3
and I got in.
I'd actually have to say though that my favorite experience of all the E3s was meeting Koji
Kondo and getting it I found the little book with his autograph and that was just fantastic
for me of course Dan his highlight is well the picture that's up there of him meeting
Yu Suzuki I know that other than that though I did have a really massive migraine and having
aching feet was kind of suck and Paris Hilton suck but you know what was actually cool was
meeting the Harlem Globetrotters oh cool they were doing that charity thing so that was
pretty cool.
Takeo Ray sends us a message on Twitter have you seen the Penny Arcade comic about the
E3 press conferences pretty accurate retelling oh god yes I did see that and it was great
I laughed so hard somebody actually sent that to me on my phone while I was at E3 and I
love the Reggie Fils-Aime in the middle panel new Zelda new Goldeneye new Kirby new Metroid
new Kid Icarus new 3D shit no glasses Santa Claus is real he's in our booth and he's giving
out fucking hand jogs Nintendo bitches we out is that great retelling of what actually
happened that's gonna do it for Twitter topics tonight twitter.com slash olr thank you guys
who submitted topics tonight how about some more news low-key what you got for us all
right well let's see there's some stuff I kind of talked about a little bit earlier
Ubisoft they had a lot of things that were announced during their press conference that
kind of people scratching my head because they weren't really game video games perhaps
I mean they're sort of games but not quite I don't know so for example mania planet was
something that was announced in a partnership that between the company behind the track
mania series and nadio and Ubisoft and one of the things that they of course showed off
which is pretty awesome was track mania 2 gorgeous looking game they're going to be
having a beta coming out for that you can test it out on this fourth quarter of this
year shoot mania which is going to be the new kind of first-person shooter type of game
that you'll be able to create custom levels for they're gonna have a beta for that sometime
the first quarter of 2011 and finally quest mania which is going to be kind of like their
RPG maker type of game that will be available for beta at some point they haven't really
said when but it's kind of neat though because I know the track me I'm seriously underrated
and she did better on consoles ended it really needs to come to like Xbox Live Arcade or
even just like 360 or Playstation 3 it'd be really awesome one of the games I I kind of
looked at him like you know had I seen this a few years ago or had it been actually cues
are I may have to pick this up battle tag which is a game that is basically laser tag
you've got a vest in these pistols that you run around with and these different targets
that you can use for like checkpoints or whatever you can create your own kind of games out
of it and it ties in with your PC which is kind of the scorekeeper kind of like the game
master for the stuff and so they announced that it's kind of neat something you would
probably see it like kencha hall if there was a kencha hall anymore but that's something
else coming out later this year on PC not really like a game per se that you can't like
just play like a first person shooter game with it on your PC it's actually just something
that uses your PC for like scoring which is interesting and then the game that was pretty
much you know the Wii Vitality sensor but not energy and apparently energy was a game
that had a sensor that you would put on your finger or penis because you know it's going
to happen and you would use this to kind of relax they had a breathing exercise that you
could do they made Joel McHale do that because he was hosting the whole event and it's interesting
I guess I don't know it's supposed to make you feel good which I guess putting your penis
in the sensor might do that I don't know and that's why Santa Claus is at E3 I did post
that I'm like oh good well energy what are they thinking time to penis is what exactly
all right well moving on with some more news Silent Hill there was some news about that
at E3 this year sadly it was not playable on the show floor but there was a new trailer
that leaked to the internet and so perhaps you saw some information on that is gone to
a new developer it's Vatra is now developing this game so it's going to be very different
from me Silent Hill home shattered memories as well as Silent Hill homecoming also missing
from this Silent Hill and this is huge Akira Yamaoka is not going to be a part of the new
Silent Hill game so this means the new replacement will be Daniel Licht he does the theme song
for Dexter the TV show and he also has done Hellraiser and Children of the Corn so I guess
that's kind of cool sadly it's going to be not the same without Akira Yamaoka but at
the same time I'm looking forward to seeing what Silent Hill and new people's hands is
going to be by the way the story if you haven't seen the trailer yet it's about a prison inmate
and the transport vehicle basically you know overturns or something and now he's in the
fog of Silent Hill which I noticed looked a lot like the movie so I guess you know they're
incorporating the movie into the cannon or something I don't know so they are talking
about evolving the combat in a different direction as opposed to doing one or the other from
the previous games so I don't know Dark Sakura I know you're a big Silent Hill fan are you
hopeful about the new Silent Hill game are you kind of like oh too much has changed this
isn't going to be Silent Hill anymore I really have to see I'm going to reserve judgment
that's a fair way to look at it definitely check out the trailer though if you haven't
already it was pretty cool I gotta say all right what do you have for us Dark Sakura
well um for those who have been interested in Fallout Online and I know that I've been
kind of interested well you know first of all let me rewind just a little bit did you
guys see the Fallout New Vegas trailer everything at Bethesda was appointment only um and I
didn't see that trailer online no because I haven't even played Fallout 3 well I'm buying
a little bit the trailer was online and it was great cool yeah um it was pretty funny
actually Bobby was telling me it was very uh very neon in there yeah um well Fallout
um online um is actually starting to uh solicit for uh betas for uh for their open beta so
um if you go to the Fallout Online website um you should uh I actually I filled out the
little form it's just like a little form you sign up for their mailing list and they'll
send you information on the beta eventually um but the you know they did have uh Interplay
had some legal issues for a while um but now it's finally seems like it's going forward
so let's hope so I could deal with some post-apocalyptic you know killing of people too many MMOs so
many I'm still stuck on Star Trek Online nothing's gonna get me I know you are I know it doesn't
mean I cannot flirt a little bit I'm not in a serious committed relationship nice I have
an open relationship with Star Trek Online you can look but you just can't touch I can
touch all I want to I trusted I'll always come back alright uh let's go to one more
news story and then we got the mailbag coming at you a mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
uh one of the things that was shown off during the Konami press conference is of course Def
Jam rap star uh what's kind of interesting though is they're gonna have this whole uh
online aspect a lot of community features um different you know taunts and stuff like
you can do you know uh rap battles or whatever and actually record different things and have
like a community I guess there's gonna be uh Def Jam talent scouts and stuff like that
oh wow keeping an eye on the uh good rap star players and whatnot uh that's it I don't know
it's a lot of community stuff which is really cool uh you know what's interesting is that
Def Jam rap star actually looks like a really solid game it's a bummer that I'm not as interested
in the content there you know I can't rap please but it actually you know just kind
of looking at it and watching other people playing it and then hearing about all this
community stuff I was kind of like why can't some of the other music games take a page
from this Konami seriously you have this framework you know built for rap star just now make
it into a singing game and call it karaoke revolution or you put this next to the glee
game that they were also showing off and the glee game looks pathetic yeah the absolutely
pathetic game is just a simple you know try to grab it you know the market for the glee
stuff because those damn glee albums are top of the charts you know great we have people
covering songs and it's popular now um I don't know it's it's interesting but if they actually
put out a solid music game and support it with enough download content and had all the
community stuff I think it would do really well I agree because yeah the Def Jam game
actually it actually I gotta say this I actually kind of wanted to play it you know in the
privacy of my own home when nobody's watching I kind of want Irene to play it she would
be a lot of fun you know my birthday is coming up maybe I should ask the birthday fairy for
some Irene playing Def Jam rap star she could get discovered by a Def Jam scout talent you
know they had some rap stars actually there at E3 doing the rapping that's cool they had
a Konami had a whole new booth layout this year it hasn't looked like it has in years
past they were able to showcase several games it was kind of cool and you know just a kind
of a neat game because I don't really care about wrestling games that much but the luchador
game looks awesome lucha libre AAA good god did they have a whole show during that they
didn't just have the the game at Konami's booth but then I guess the developers or somebody
else had a whole huge area right behind it where they were doing the whole who's gonna
be on the box for the game that's awesome and just all these wrestling matches going
on all day I guess I was glad it kind of drew people in and kept them away from other stuff
but I was just like dang it was a heck of people over there I didn't realize the wrestling
was so popular anyhow let's go to the mailbag mailbag orange launch radio.com every week
we dive in the mailbag and read emails for you guys I'm gonna take over this week since
dark soccer is still a little bit you know rough over there with her voice so hopefully
she'll be better soon although I should say there's not a lot to read I'm very disappointed
in the listenership that during E3 week there's only two emails that you guys want us to read
I'm hoping we get more this week after the wrap-up show please send us some emails mailbag
orange launch radio.com I especially want to hear from people who have never emailed
us before because sometimes we get these emails I've been listening for two years and I've
never emailed you guys why not we want to hear from you guys what you guys think of
E3 come on we won't we won't make fun of your spelling and grammar too much we promise all
right first email from Robert M do you think the announcement of portal 2 and steamworks
for the ps3 is related to the introduction of steam on the Mac yes and no I don't think
they're necessarily directly related I think it's more of a you know hey yay valve and
ps3 are playing nicely but I think definitely it it is a huge card in steam's pocket that
it's multi-platform you know I'm gonna go off in a different direction though speaking
of like gaming on the Mac and so forth one thing we haven't talked much about that on
live was there at E3 and they had a pretty big presence and you know from the demos they
were showing it looked pretty good like the games were playing pretty well over those
little console boxes and apparently the system is out now on the PC and the Mac and apparently
it I'm even seeing the feedback on Twitter and so forth it actually runs pretty well
well I'll be damned I know I'll be damned huh who knew who knew but as far as steam
goes you know I think certainly steam is trying to expand all these different places because
it definitely looks good for them I don't know why I went on the tangent of on life
but I guess just the whole like new stuff on the Mac Mac gamers what a niche audience
no I'm just kidding Mac gamers have had a lot to celebrate this year I'll tell you that
much that's for sure.
Going to this other email from Brian S. who didn't have a fancy little nickname but we'll
say Brian S. Hey OLR gang while reading the news on the PS move and the MS connect I started
wondering these two items are really just expensive peripherals for a console but if
any console peripherals really been successful sure during the NES era I loved power glove
and play track and field on the power pad but just like R.O.B. they never have more
than one or two games for them ignoring peripherals that are specifically made for a game I.E.
music and dance genre games most peripherals like the super scope Sega CD 32 X PS 2 hard
drive I toy and probably quite a few others I can't remember seem to lack support and
third party game development initial launch titles do you think the same could happen
to connect slash move if initial game sales are low no I say well I say yes as far as
at least the move is concerned I think though it's tricky because you say well you can count
these games but you can't count these well selling games I mean I realize that the music
and dance things are a little more niche but if you look at connect as like really opening
up the exercise exercise gaming thing then it's a little niche too well let's look at
the Wii Fit balance board they use that in a lot of games I mean it's an add-on thing
but I mean they use that we motion plus it's being used in a lot of things and I toy was
used a lot more than I think you might be given it credit for especially in games for
the younger audience I mean those aren't really specialized peripherals or anything but I
mean if you think about a lot of stuff that they put out that specialized peripherals
I mean it's specialized for a reason it's only gonna be used for a few things I mean
I understand what you're talking about like the whole I toy and the PlayStation I camera
or the Xbox 360 motion camera which was a big waste of money and I need to turn that
in for some like store credit somewhere because I would have waste that turn out being exactly
so yeah I mean I understand that and you know the expectations I guess for that were a little
bit greater than they were now because I think with the PlayStation well even like with the
motion camera on the Xbox 360 I think they were thinking it's going to be doing these
kind of connect things but it it just it doesn't have the technology that really support that
why why aren't our chats is saying yes absolutely yes to this question of will the same fate
be met if initial game sales are low he's saying this is why Kinect should be $99 and
not a penny more I agree that if they don't have a really awesome game pack in with this
game or with connect the 150 is unfortunately past the sweet spot a lot of people are going
to be in for as unpleasant shock to that if connect is $150 and it's sitting right next
to a weed it's also $150 there's going to be people out there that don't realize you
need an Xbox 360 to actually use Kinect and it's going to be depressing for some people
bull they're probably trying to package you know their Xbox 360 Kinect combo or something
like that that's why I'm saying you know you guys watch out because you're going to see
the Kinect for $150 or whatever but you watch them drop the console price or something like
ridiculous you know you may see they were saying that there isn't right now a $199 bundle
but there will be a $199 skew for the Xbox 360 come on the holiday so they're putting
out something I a little more here at the end of the email dark soccer and sky I hope
you're both feeling better if not I hope you get well soon oh thank you I'm doing much
better than it was the nightly show I am better it's just that my throat was really damaged
and it hasn't fully healed yet and that's from Brian s again and also one more thing
PS part of the reason I wrote this email was to have a reason to write I love to power
glove it's so bad there you go that's your emails for this week mailbag at orange lounge
radio.com please fill up our mailbag and so that way when dark soccer's voice is all better
she has some work to do we like giving dark soccer lots of work to do don't we all right
some more gaming news for you guys and then we're going to open up the skype line at one
eight seven seven game OLR but don't call yet it ain't open yet Loki one last things
that they showed off during the Ubisoft press conference and they didn't really show anything
they just kind of hinted at that it's coming the Michael Jackson game the one that was
rumored to be in development is now being developed by Ubisoft and no word exactly on
what it is but it's something that's possibly going to be some singing dancing game that
does support the connect and I think it's very sad that it's not Sega it is sad that
should have been Sega but is Sega and Michael Jackson were BFFs it's moonwalker 2 but uh
yet unclear exactly what it's supposed to be but they're saying that the game will be
available for connect on Xbox 360 PlayStation move on the ps3 PSP Wii and DS anywhere they
can milk that guy for you know more money in the afterlife they will in other words
yeah I'm all right I'm right you're right hey this is pretty cool cuz I remember these
games they were a lot of fun apparently Burger King is going to be coming back to the 360
that's right the Burger King guy is coming back and this time it has to do with connect
games buying all of them every single one I don't care how terrible they are I am buying
all of them no news on the details no news on the style no news on the number of games
all this being said so far is from Burger King chief marketing officer Mike Capit saying
our first endeavor with Xbox 360 took the gaming world by storm so we couldn't pass
up the chance to come together on another cutting edge program during this year's promotion
our guests can look forward to an even greater adventure that will stimulate the imaginations
of gamers and entertainment lovers of all shapes and sizes they were so like sneak king
was so creepy you don't understand you cannot get more creepier than that game it is absolutely
worth the money I don't care how terrible they are because terrible games can sometimes
be good games like for example driver 3 terrible game let's not forget the games were five
dollars four dollars three ninety nine my bad four dollars is an amazing deal hopefully
they're just as expensive this year that'd be great that should be the pack-in right
there you know there you go there's your reason to plunk 150 on connect there you go skeptics
I think sneaking to featuring connect I think it's gonna be pretty awesome I I high hopes
for the connect don't screw me again damn camera games I learned my lesson with I actually
bought the camera for every single damn system they've all failed me so far except I did
not buy the camera those on the week sound like exercise games but anyways so yeah there's
some more features being announced for a little big planet to lots of cool stuff that they're
showing the whole community features one aspect they're saying that of course getting revamped
is all the stuff that they had it's gonna be easier to find players creations and of
course the they're gonna have a different interface now no longer we have to search
cross-planets to find different levels and the ability to actually bring them up a list
also different like metrics like genres keywords etcetera and they're also saying that they're
gonna be apparently there's gonna be some functions I guess by the little big planet
dot me I guess the web portal where you're able to give players their own personal websites
which automatically update with their creations and recently played levels and top scores
so it's kind of like a Facebook for a little big planet type stuff and in it of course
you can you know see the pages in the browser's games will be automatically queued up next
time you play your game if you know pick different levels on there also you can just I guess
print out one of the QR barcodes assigned to each level and you pop it in for your PlayStation
I and your creations come up that kind of cool if you like made some games or whatever
put it on your business card but that little barcode on there and then people can scan
your barcode or your business card level pops up or or Rob think here for a second when
it be awesome to get little big plan to you make business cards with like say our website
on it with that barcode and you go when you load that level it has a bunch of information
about our website the podcast all that stuff in level like a playable business card or
those shirts we've been talking about doing for seven years you could put on the barcode
on the shirt and then like or or maybe maybe we need all our pants so that way the barcode
is on the but and it could be here scan my butt and you could play a little big planet
to the orange on radio experience using your but I think it's a great idea yeah we need
all our pants are started do they do they do they let you make your own pants with logos
on the but it would be hard there's got to be a way to do it I don't scream I mean who
cares about shirts when you can have all our with a barcode but could do that you can do
like I think on those like cafe press and stuff like that you can do like boxers and
stuff well our underwear with the barcode on your body too hard to design a transfer
it really wouldn't that's an even better idea I want to play the ULR level pull down your
pants oh this is just wrong I'll show you my little big planet that's what you say on
the back it would say little big planet and on the front it would just say big planet
with two moons that orbit it all right I'm in the room with children tonight's show is
like a little girl tonight's show has been way too serious e3 is serious business we
needed some barcodes on your ass to to break the tension a little bit that's just you 100
and that asks will that barcode make it easier to friend your but maybe that's what Nintendo
print plans to have a repeat of the of the senior video maybe after the show I know maybe
later we'll do that maybe later all right but we got a serious business guy's e3 is
serious serious business you know laughing at it oh yeah you have you mentioned that
you know he's all fuck clothes I want a well our tattoo I actually saw the other day when
I was searching for stuff to do the stencils for the baby's room they do have things you
can get where you can print your own temporary tattoos that could happen I know our temporary
tattoo yes that's that's about what the giveaways were at e3 this year by the way I know people
think you walk out of e3 with bags and bags of crap and them giving away 360 the one press
cameras yeah it used to be that way but now in this economy like you're lucky if you get
a temporary tattoo my boss brought me a Tron evolution t-shirt that has a the disc on the
back and then also get that and also I got a paratig t-shirt I fucking play Tron I didn't
get the Tron shirt bastards Disney I got more swag and I didn't even go ha ha ha I have
a Tron shirt I got a rock band 3 shirt that mine came from you know Disneyland oh yeah
it's true I remember that shirt I remember that you know I have the Kubrick the Tron
figure set mm-hmm I got those for Dan somewhere in this house amongst all this crap Black
Wolf saying he got the Tron shirt too what the hell is this here I am talking nice about
Tron and everything I ain't get no shirt oh well it's all right people need to send me
a Tron shirt hmm I'm the biggest Tron fan in this room all right oh and Black Wolf is
mad now he didn't get a rock band 3 shirt good we're even all right we are officially
even all right one more story for you guys then we're gonna take some calls at 877 game
olr or our username on skype is orange lounge radio and that is a new controller coming
out for the PlayStation 3 that was being shown at e3 it was from a hori and they are marketing
a ps3 MMO controller I'm assuming this is for Final Fantasy 14 and possibly DC Universe
and it is a strange looking device I mean yes it's a keyboard but there's all these
weird looking buttons on the side of it and most interestingly a device that you can pick
up with like one hand so you can like play your MMO and control it with one hand and
then type with the other or whatever else you want to do with well hey the way it looks
like what it looks like no well what it look yeah I mean that's it's basically I don't
think you can pick that up it's just meant to like rest your hand on it but basically
they have it so that you know one analog stick it looks like and then a couple button I'm
assuming those buttons are for the triggers are on one side and then the other side has
the other analog stick and then it also has the four face buttons and I think the two
trigger buttons as well you know it kind of reminds me of remember how they have that
keyboard for Fantasy Star I think on the GameCube or something like that yes it's like that
but honestly though just buy a USB keyboard you don't need this fancy piece of shit Toa
Gak wants to know the time to penis for this controller because it does you know it does
have a little curvature there where the looks like you would grab that little controller
thing I'd expect to be longer than say the other relaxed type thing just because it's
not obvious to put your penis in there and it'll probably come out in Japan first and
they're not as disgusting as we are here in America so I would say it's gonna be at least
a few days I think they're not I guess that's true I get let me say it's not as is all over
the internet with vending machines about the vending machines and and moe lap pillows you
think this is the country that's ooga-booga that's the country you know what though that
brought us the Hello Kitty vibrator hold on hold on because they're not so repressed by
having all of that there's no need to put your penis on an MMO controller that's because
you have all these other but here in America where everybody's sheltered everybody gets
freaky deaky behind closed doors the pecan all right what yeah whatever see see Bobby
agree I think I'm on to something though with the fact that we don't notice it as much because
they're not as repressed as we are over here oh shoot yeah the same the same country that
gave us love blue girl I guess that's true too but still they're not tentacle porn Rob
tentacle you're not hearing about them putting their dicks in things it's just that they
marry inanimate objects how long is Japan anyway actually I was I was listening to a podcast
just recently called stuff mom never told you oh it's by the people that did stuff you
missed in history class yeah those are the podcasts I listen to hello but they were talking
about how there actually is an epidemic sort of going around now in Japan where men are
sort of withdrawing from dating and it's not that you know it's just that they're not interested
in sex at all that's why they have the guy married his lap pillow and the guy married
his video game and all of this and they're actually looking at it affecting birth rates
in the future tiger Connor Tarrant says don't be surprised when people start taking photos
of their 3d penis on the 3ds I thought that exactly and actually I hope there's ways you
can share pictures online somehow that that is one really cool which is the worst possible
comment to follow what tiger class said but I was thinking about it for other purposes
thank you that is one cool thing though that they did have on the 3ds I think would be
kind of neat to play around with I'm also wondering though with everything being based
off like you know camera technology how long before we see a YouTube video or something
like that some chick or whatever playing scantily clad you know god whatever just dance just
lap dance up skirt cam 3d or you know dance central pole dance central yeah black woven
chat says sky is thinking about craigslist 3d penis postings wave of the future folks
wave of the future I don't want to see that wave of the future I had to I had to share
the image with our chat room of of the poster for love so what you're suggesting is that
it's chat roulette 3d oh god I don't what do you think is worse on the internet craigslist
or chat roulette chat roulette even though you got robbed of a several hundred dollar
machine on craigslist you still think chat roulette is worse probably I've never been
on chat roulette so I can only imagine though nice we should we should do olr on chat roulette
one night just for fun hi you're on orange lounge radio what what's that you guys are
gay friend my butt all right let's open up the skype line 1877 game olr or our username
on skype is orange lounge radio the skype line is now open for business ossifer is saying
I should go to chat roulette right now no I'm not gonna go chat roulette right now not
gonna derail the show completely with chat roulette although I would like to see like
maybe a podcast with some of the video game people just playing on chat roulette it'd
be fun although the joke would probably get old real quick 1877 game olr or our username
on skype is orange lounge radio give us a call if you want to ask us anything about
e3 or talk about anything at e3 or maybe there was something on the show floor you didn't
get to see enough of I don't know give us a call and we'll have some words in the meantime
Loki you got any last minute stories for us yes let's talk about the summer of arcade
coming out of course this summer they've announced the lineup for summer of arcade including
castlevania harmony of despair hydro thunder hurricane lorecroft and the guardian of light
limbo and monday night combat each if you buy all of those you will get a refund for
800 microsoft points or ten dollars so ten dollars ten dollars yes let's go to the phones
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this uh legend azaku well hey legend azaku what's
on your mind uh just here on my bed with my mac um let's see um all that post e3 stuff
that you're still trying to digest i suppose and you too that event for me was basically
seeing the gran turismo 5 trailer ah that was completely missed by us here at olr that's
right finally a freaking date for uh gran turismo 5 just play dancing games i'm a big
i'm a big sucker for those like racing racing simulator games if you're a fan of racing
games let me tell you this on the 3ds there was a demo on the floor for ridge racer it
looked great but it played like garbage so i really hope this was just like a concept
demo and that uh the real thing is fixed because when you run into a wall it's like not even
realistic your car will turn like 45 degrees when you run into a wall it's crazy uh was
it the psp ridge racer games i can't imagine it'd be too hard to port that stuff over but
uh mario kart uh that concept video looked great but i know that's not like realistic
racing but i just thought i'd throw that in there i mean when i actually saw the trailer
i couldn't i couldn't imagine how detailed how much effort was put into actually making
it look almost realistic hence the reason for the number of delays so at least at least
in this at least in this video game generation duke nukem forever kind of got lost whereas
um well in other words gt5 managed to beat duke nukem forever and like vaporware that
never actually became vaporware but it's gonna happen it's gonna happen hey duke nukem at
least has the manhattan game for whatever it's worth let me ask you this zach goes and
share a racing game fan need to kind of bring up what happened at the press conferences
what did you think of microsoft showing off forza with no wheel is that interesting to
you or are you just kind of like gimmick gimmick this is like i need a wheel i need a physical
wheel to grab onto something tangible not not some micky mouse pretend wheel if i want
to do that i could just do that right now by just moving my my hands at ten and two
in the air oh you're probably pissed about mad cats having to discontinue that wheel
huh no i want my i want like a logic technique or something and mad cats is taking over production
of that wheel they're not just microsoft is continuing mad cats i thought i took it away
from the story that it just wasn't happening period no because i thought that they they
even had a picture of the mad cats one that looked exactly like the other one unless i
was photoshopped which it could have been um i was gonna say what'd be kind of cool
is with these you know new camera peripherals and whatever that have something that incorporates
where you actually play the game say with like a controller and then you can make a
gesture or something like that to do something shift up and down break but then you need
enough space to actually get you need no surface area to actually get the actual the you know
the person to actually get their image in there and for the camera to do its logic to
detect moves or not even necessarily anything that has to do with shifting but like you
know perspective change or something like that so you can like do a little bit i mean
head tracking they already said and sony already said that it's going to be supported for grants
original five via the camera it's just that i you know i guess head tracking would make
would you know make sense if you actually had like a vr headset not just through like
a tv like i it wouldn't it wouldn't feel right if i'm just tilting my head one way i couldn't
even see that that angle if it was trying to do that sort of head tracking unless i
actually saw it in front of me all right well zaku i want to change the topic one more time
here before we let you go because i i know you you've been a long time listener of the
show and you you know you know a lot about music games surely you have an opinion on
dance masters yeah um you mean that new konami game for the connect right yes yeah i actually
read the interview on bamani style with nayoki and he's basically trying to you know he's
trying to pitch that game trying to like because you know i mean it's gonna be it's gonna be
a tough battle between what harmonix is is dishing out because i think if anything konami's
pretty much missed the boat on some of these major events in the past 10 years of where
they could have capitalized on on this whole you know on the whole rhythm gaming genre
in this country and their failure to do it resulted in the prominence and rise of folks
like that you know like like activision like harmonix and they missed the boat on so many
occasions not i can't i don't really think i could take them seriously but that's not
to say that i'm gonna like shun this game completely i know i know with the connect
you know the new motion the new motion control scheme it kind of replaces the pads from from
that perspective you won't you don't have to worry about buying a dedicated like peripheral
just for that game if the camera could actually see the camera could actually see your whole
body and detect and accurately detect all the movements then that could definitely go
far not only just on the 360 or the consoles but think about a possible arcade application
yeah be interesting it came in the arcade i gotta say too zacku having played it it
it it reads really well i mean it's a scary accurate little thing however keep in mind
we were at e3 where everything's in a very nicely controlled environment so i'm really
curious to see if that continues right i mean yeah that's that's the thing with connect
it hasn't been like i don't think it's been extensively um field tested that to the point
where right it's still it hasn't been released yet but it's like a really it's close to like
release candidate status anyways it's like late beta yeah if microsoft really really
wanted to impress me those rooms the little bubbles that they were showing connect in
on the show floor instead of being bright light rooms would it look like actual people's
living rooms but maybe they weren't last year when i thought you know what i i mean last
year when i actually saw when i actually heard of project natal i didn't realize that i actually
didn't take them that seriously just because they were doing something that nintendo's
already done and sony to an extent with the with the ps with the i-20 back in the playstation
date and and then one year later we see how far how advanced this camera is and it's pretty
much it's pretty much something in its own that could stand on its own because it's that
it's not just any maybe you know it's not just any old mickey mouse camera that tries
to detect you know a 2d image of that of that actor it actually goes it actually has another
dimension to it so if it has if it's that accurate in turn you know with that type of
detection that could really go that could really push microsoft foreign in this whole
new genre that they're trying to dish out all right well uh zack we gotta let you go
to get more calls but thank you very much for your call and uh happy racing or dancing
whatever you choose to do all right take care buddy one eight seven seven game olr or our
username on skype is orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call and interact with
our program here tonight uh meanwhile i'll ask loki if there's some other news he wants
to touch on yeah uh we can talk a little bit about how um the uh well different games that
they have for the playstation movie they did announce like their full list of games that
are um well i guess coming soon first party they've got beach sketchers which i have no
idea what the hell that is so com 4 ipet kung fu rider which is that one that you ride
down the office chairs but now they added kung fu to it i guess uh sports champions
uh start the party ecrochrome 2 tumble hustle kings um the fight lights out the shoot tv
superstars high velocity bowling because they always need bowling uh pain which is that
demo for pain uh heavy rain's gonna be getting support later on uh sing star dance little
big planet 2 the sly collection uh heroes on the move which looks terrible uh killzone
3 and sorcery which looks really terrible you didn't like the sorcery demo that looks
stupid all right let's go to the phones hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this hey
it's sturlock hey sturlock what's on your mind uh not much i was uh just wanted to give
my thoughts and impressions about uh e3 yeah please do what you think um i was pretty impressed
um i'm actually you probably wouldn't uh expect me to say this but uh i'm actually looking
forward to the 3ds now of course for for listeners that may not know why that's a surprise because
they're new to orange lounge radio why would that be a surprise to people uh because i'm
uh totally blind so you know the three the 3d aspect of it is kind of meaningless to
me but uh the reason i'm looking forward to it is because uh apparently um there's gonna
be a much higher you know uh capacity um for like you know data storage so i'm looking
forward to uh how the audio is gonna improve especially and with the really impressive
lineup of games i'm uh i'm really looking forward to it absolutely i mean certainly
the games are part of what wins me over as well you know as as neato and starfox 64 ocarina
time uh paper mario i don't know super street fighter 4 i'm really looking forward to that
you know it's how they do that no it's really sad that they did not have a demo for or even
in development a new f-zero game with 3d yeah i know and i'm surprised with everything else
that was announced maybe i immediately you know thought of you when that was announced
funny enough i think a lot of listeners did so and uh also um i don't know if you guys
got to see it but um the new mortal kombat looks just freaking insane you know sadly
there was a huge line just to get in and see it although apparently it was playable in
that little room that they were showing um and unfortunately we didn't get in there it
was just a matter of prioritizing as much of a fan as mortal kombat as i am there was
this other stuff i wanted to see more um it was getting a lot of very positive buzz though
from the people that saw it it sounds like the franchise is going back in the right direction
which thank you which thank god it's what it needed um and yeah i think i think that
trailer is all you really need of dc universe i was not too impressed with the last few
games um especially with that stupid story mode slash rpg element that was in a lot of
them yeah i didn't care then they tried to do the puzzle combat and it just it just spread
itself combat i think and uh was it motor combat they were trying to be like mario kart
oh yeah remember when a mortal kombat game just randomly had the mario kart mode in it
like what the hell was that was more for like just being funny i mean that was the whole
point it's like huh like we're funny you know um yeah i still sucked well sturlock was there
anything else out of e3 that really made you excited besides just the 3ds um not really
i thought the move looked kind of stupid it seemed like okay the it's kind of like what
you guys thought it's basically the weeb but with better graphics i think when you put
these new things side by side the move and the um ds or 3ds the reason why you know loki
just read off the big list of games that are coming to the move and i'm kind of just going
eh either i already played it with a controller or i can play it with a controller or i'm
just not really interested in dropping the money just to play it with a move that's oh
i am kind of i am kind of looking forward to connect though with um seeing how the like
the voice commands work i'm really curious because you know voice recognition kind of
has this reputation of being a little iffy so i'm really curious how that's gonna like
handle me too because that's not something they were really showing off at e3 again i
think they might have been a little nervous about that technology they mentioned it a
little bit um and i guess what you do is you just say you know xbox play or whatever but
yeah they didn't show it off very extensively i think that their technology's gotten a lot
better and obviously you know with sync and everything they have that technology kind
of down i mean they have something developed in place for it so they're not going to release
it you know without it working correctly yeah right hopefully well sterlock we gotta let
you go to take more calls but thanks so much for your phone call and we'll talk to you
again soon in a future week okay all right all right later see uh quick question from
message 100 matt why is it that when nintendo ports gamecube to the wii wii poo poo it but
when the 3ds ports a lot of n64 games we praise them that's a good question i i don't i actually
think all the porting makes me nervous i don't really praise it in fact i think okra in time
once again overrated damn game um i could care less that it's on there starfox 64 was
kind of fun but yeah i don't want to see a bunch of old 64 games just being ported over
because they can it's neat to see these things in 3d for the first time i'll give you that
but is it 30 neat or however much they're going to charge for the games you know they're
going to be more expensive than a regular ds game this is going to be an excuse to jack
up the price 510 bucks you know that right you know that hi you're on orange lounge radio
who's this who's dt hey dt what's on your mind buddy uh you know watching the e3 coverage
all week mm-hmm how was e3 from the comfort of your living room oh still pretty good you
know what sometimes i think that's that's the way to do it because a lot of those people
can get into places that i sure couldn't out there on the show floor so uh there's anything
wrong with uh staying tuned to the tv at home what caught your uh eyes and ears at e3 this
year oh everything nintendo had pretty surprising yeah the 3ds was definitely something to behold
not just that though i mean i know we keep talking 3ds 3ds but they really did have an
impressive we line up i have not plugged in my we in about six months and now i'm like
oh god metroid other m and goldeneye and the kirby game looks pretty good i'm gonna have
to dust off that thing and uh get it in there oh yeah so all those first party games coming
mm-hmm yeah lots and lots of stuff what'd you think of a connect and move well i thought
that was cool i'd you know we pretty much called it as far as the uh dance masters goes
isn't that that's the first thing we said was they should have like a paratype game
for connect i'm not sure if i said it but i think someone here did and uh yeah they
got it right you guys uh hit the nail on the head where as i said yeah right you're never
gonna get a paratype game in the us and and here it is this is but but i think we can
all agree this is as close as you're ever gonna get if dance masters is not enough for
you have a night of fire in it with the actual para dance from back in the day i don't think
there's really gonna be anything that's gonna make you happy at all you know what's really
funny is that was actually one of my future uh my career view articles was gonna be about
all those motion controlled dancing games like para para and dance maniacs and all of
that well you're you're gonna have to get those up sooner rather than later now because
everyone's gonna have to uh be curious about that by the way speaking of dance maniacs
uh at arcade infinity they still had a working dance maniacs machine can you believe it after
all these years i was just watching some videos of it randomly you know what their most popular
video game was though at arcade infinity they had super street fighter four rigged up to
a little one of those japanese sit down and play cabinets and it just said one token donation
please and so you can actually play using the japanese cabinet and the controller and
everything but since it was just running off a console they couldn't really charge people
for it but they asked people to please make a token donation it had the longest line of
anything there i saw crazy oh wow people want to have that arcade experience that oh yeah
xbox it's not that hard to set up yeah it's very interesting that that was uh the most
popular thing though probably the only other thing that really had a line was uh maybe
either 2dx serious or uh dj max technica i was like hold notes what are these hold notes
in my 2dx you know i have that's maniacs huh i have a dance maniacs do you read the actual
machine i have the arcade board what i have a working arcade i have a system 573 board
it's sitting at my desk it's a footrest right now look it up dummy let's play yeah all right
well dt did you have anything else you want to share with our listeners today just that
the uh retro review for damn sense revolution this week all right thank you so much for
all the hard work you do on those articles we really appreciate it at orange lounge radio
dot com lots of good stuff there all right thanks so much ct you have a good week you
too all right that's our own dark tetsuya who writes articles for orange lounge radio
don't rig that up it wouldn't be that difficult to do i think you got a new project now i
don't need more projects i have to finish the ones i have right now all right sorry
to those who didn't get through tonight it was a very very busy phone ringing off the
hook if you didn't get through though um i do always recommend uh our mailbag which is
mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com or of course our twitter and all those other
ways we interact with the show live chat and all that fun stuff too um any other quick
last minute stories you want to get out loki yeah apparently you can use the playstation
3 dual shock controller instead of the moves navigation controller this is a navigation
controller costs thirty dollars by itself seriously thirty dollars eighty dollars per
controller if you add the two together um this is interesting bobby kotak evil guy that
works for activision of course you know he says whose idea it probably was to not have
a booth and instead have that party he says um that he wishes that call of duty uh was
a subscription service he says i would have call of duty be an online subscription um
service tomorrow when you think about uh the audience's interests and how you could really
satisfy a bigger audience with more inspired creative opportunities i would love to see
uh or love to see us have an online call of duty world think our players would just um
have so much of a more compelling experience in other words he thinks that people that
buy call of duty are suckers and that they're willing to pay um extra money to play online
with call of duty and to be honest with those 15 dollar map packs that sell like crazy he
might be right which is really sad uh of course everyone wants to compare you know console
versus console well now amazon has um different interests um of course that um show on their
website for preorders whatever for connect and for the move and right now um apparently
they have uh the connect holds the number one spot on their top selling uh video games
list with the xbox 360 the new one right behind it and the first mention of the playstation
move is the navigation controller which is at number 44 in the move starter bundle at
number 46 so apparently right now there is more interest in the xbox connect let me read
some comments from our chat room chat dot orange on twitter dot com by the way that's
very interesting though how they're using amazon as a predictor that's kind of a neat
way to do it tiger claw says uh oh you guys didn't mention that new mario sports game
called mario sports mix who's down from some mario dodgeball i think it came up earlier
in the show i mentioned it i thought it was stupid and i played it and it really yeah
i played the volleyball game because the the dodgeball wasn't demoable it was cute but
i think it's more of a kid it's basically mario simple it was too simple yeah it's basically
mario tennis but they just have a bunch of different sports reskinned and stuff the basketball's
kind of neat because it's a little bit like that mario three and three basketball game
they have on the ds but speaking of basketball here's the game i didn't mention nba jam on
the wii was out there on the show floor looked pretty awesome i gotta say i i'm very i'm
interested in it i yes i'm interested in a sports game omg uh yyr in our chat room speaking
on the bobby kotak story you just said says uh bobby kotak to increase our profit margins
further i would love to personally fuck all of our customers in the ass of course they
would have to pay me for it first i'm not sure how that increases profit margins might
increase something there's some pictures that came out um showing the baby uh babysitting
mama controller which looks like mama's head on a baby i guess it's kind of creepy i want
to say my babysitting my babysitting mama that could be a song i got distracted i think
it would have been funnier if the uh baby mama had looked like cooking mama but was
black i got distracted what by our own wiki why i found the kmart page our wiki is pretty
awesome if you've never been to the orange lounge radio wiki you can either access it
at orange lounge radio dot com and then in the little box on the left hand side there's
a w or just go to orange lounge radio dot wikia w ia.com and there's all this like useless
information and i mean that in the most positive thankful way to our listeners to put it together
useless information about our show we need much more of that too did they ever put up
our um never forget i'm not sure i don't think so i don't know if i saw it you better seek
that out tiger class says was bionic commando rearm two playable at e3 um not out in the
open no capcom was showing us some other stuff any other quick uh stories loki uh dances
revolution x2 the arcade version will be out in japan july 7th it's kind of neat i guess
maybe we'll see it over here at some point uh and i think that's pretty much it all right
well before we get to the final thoughts i've got to say this because we've been so dominated
with e3 news i didn't have a chance to say this earlier in the show so unfortunately
just was a bad week uh but seriously a very very happy father's day to all the gaming
daddies listening to orange lounge radio i know there's a few of you and i hope you had
a wonderful father's day loki very soon to join those ranks well duh again yeah yeah
so uh happy father's day to all the olr daddies uh listening um now we're gonna go around
and get everybody's final thought and wrap up the show dark sakura your final thought
for tonight our wiki is awesome and needs more stuff um my final thought is tacos are
awesome and need more stuff loki i need to paint the baby's room and i have a lot of
work ahead of me thank you guys so much for downloading our show and tuning into orange
lounge radio all we ask and all we've asked for the past eight years if you enjoy our
show just tell people about the show help us spread the word of the show through word
of mouth you know retweet and post links on facebook and help uh help us get more fans
that's all we ask because we don't have a lot of marketing dollars or anything like
that to pour into this show it would be nice if we had a million dollars but we don't and
if you do get a million dollars apparently if you are a million dollar operation not
only do you get invited to the conference but they'll just throw 360s at you who knew
so no we really appreciate it you guys thank you guys so much have a wonderful week until
next time uh we will be back at orange lounge radio for our eighth year anniversary but
until then have a wonderful week we'll see you next week you've been listening to orange
lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
okay so um something happened tonight that hasn't happened in 370 episodes of orange
lounge radio um that's pretty amazing or actually 371 episodes orange lounge radio we completely
forgot the fus of the week that we've been doing ever since episode one but loki as the
credits were rolling thank you loki was like hey wait a minute we didn't do the fus of
the week so uh thank god the recording is still recording and we can squeeze in right
here at the very very end the we didn't procrastinate fus of the week
um no voice fuck it sucks my fu of the week goes to the fact a that i forgot the fus of
the week and b uh that i've been so tired i've been running on empty this week and just
f you no joke to calling my phone i was up very late last night taking shane to the airport
which is fine i volunteered to do that we had fun but f you to the unnamed individual
who called my phone i am not exaggerating nine times this morning because i didn't answer
the first pickup seriously that was excessive knock it off i'm trying to sleep loki f you
to jury duty i thankfully have dodged it for tomorrow but i'm still on standby possibly
the day after so it sucks i hate wasting my day at jury also i hate downtown sacramento
because i hate parking there jury duty is fun if it's like law and order but it never
is it's like hey we're gonna be having a four-month you know trial that talks about spousal abuse
guilty you're out all right there we go we fit in the fus of the week just barely in
the nick of time so now we can fade to black good night everybody and thanks for listening
to orange lounge radio
