14 from showing up on 360, the classic PC game showing
Hello, my friends on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that talk show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
You know what?
It is that show, as we say, where every gamer has a voice.
And joining me over the next three hours, say hello.
Oh, my name is Rob Roberts, in case you didn't know.
Joining me over the next few hours, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
Hi.
Happy birthday.
Yay.
Happy birthday.
We're old.
Yay.
Also joining us, say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Happy birthday.
It's not my birthday.
Well, it's the show's birthday.
Oh.
Orange Lounge Radio turned eight years old this week on June the 23rd was our first show.
So there you go.
That's why I'm saying happy birthday to everybody.
Now, I did have an actual birthday yesterday, but we don't talk about that because I really am old.
I'm four times the age of the show.
Who's older than you in this room?
Me.
So shut up.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and introduce tonight a special guest we have here in studio.
A very special, I almost said spatial guest because he takes up space, as he usually does here on this show.
We always give him a hard time.
He takes up less space than each of us.
Actually, yes.
He's actually a skinny motherfucker.
I hate him for it, but that's okay.
Say hello.
He has not been here in...
Thanks for watching!
23rd Magus
Well, there's all these little in-jokes that go with Drew Nami.
Because you used to come to the show a lot back in the heyday.
We all played DDR and all those arrow stomping and arm waving and button mashing and all those fun music games we used to play back in the day.
But I gotta say, I don't know if you heard, but there's more than 12 people listening to Orange Lounge Radio now.
It's really... No!
I know, right?
Really?
Who would have thought, right?
So...
Catch up some of the people who've never heard you on this program before.
What kind of games do you play?
What are you into, and why are you here on this show?
Well, I'm still kind of the big Bomani buff, although that's kind of waned a bit in the past couple of years since, you know, the genre's kind of waned.
I'm the RPG, the MMO buff.
Um...
If it's Square, if it's Bioware, I've probably played it.
I just play a very diverse set of games.
You must be looking very much forward to that new Star Wars game that's by Bioware.
It's an MMO.
The Old Republic?
The new one.
What's the new one?
I can't even remember.
Star Wars The Old Republic.
Is it?
Okay.
A lot of people say it's going to be a WoW killer.
Me, as the kind of WoW addict, I say no.
Why does there have to be a WoW killer?
I mean, yes, I realize 11 million people are subscribed to WoW, but, you know, there's a lot more people on the planet.
You know what I mean?
Like, I don't think WoW is going to die by the hands of one game.
It may die by the hands of itself one day.
Well, I'll get into that later because I'm really, really mad at WoW this week.
Really mad.
The Roman Empire was responsible for its own destruction.
And who cares about EverQuest anymore?
There's going to come a day where WoW is going to have to go through a major overhaul to stay current.
And sometimes these overhauls are not received very well.
But I don't know.
I don't want to get too far off topic because it's too much crystal ball.
Well, a lot of people just don't juggle multiple MMOs and I think the markets sort of reach in saturation if you ask me.
Let's go to our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com and look at some comments as you folks chat live with us because we do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
He's on at about 5 Pacific.
We're on at about 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, but sometimes we run late.
It's just a deal.
All right, but we're here taping live, so please, if you're listening live to us on All Games, join our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Okay, Ziba in our chatroom says, every new MMO is said to be the WoW killer.
Remember when Warhammer Online was going to be the WoW killer?
Remember when Ion was going to be the WoW killer?
Remember when Eve was supposed to be the WoW killer?
Eve still has a pretty strong cult following.
Yeah, but it's still very niche.
Star Trek Online always.
I was going to say, here we have Jamie, and her thing is Star Trek Online.
And it was Ragnarok.
And I think Star Trek Online is a good example Does it have as many people as WoW?
No But is it probably doing successful for itself?
Sure It's probably making money I doubt Star Trek Online took all these people away from WoW I think it kind of carved itself to a new audience that maybe wasn't playing WoW before Like Jamie, Jamie quit WoW before STO was out
Well, it just seems to me that WoW is sort of like... Remember when we discussed Guitar Hero versus, say, Beatmania?
It brought accessibility to the genre, brought it into the mainstream.
A lot of MMOs are kind of following the WoW formula, so to speak, or incorporating, and vice versa.
There were so many people when Guitar Hero first came out, especially the group listening to this show that grew up on the Bomani games that were like, freaking rip-off of Guitar Freaks, this is just a stupid rip-off, and Guitar Freaks is better, and the music's better in Guitar Freaks, well, okay.
And then when Beatmania US finally came out, reviews called it a rip-off of Guitar Hero.
Well, that was ignorant.
I mean, that was just straight up written by an intern, ignorant intern that should never... Ignant.
Ignant.
Ignant intern that should never... That's an insult to interns everywhere.
I digress.
Sorry.
Sorry, Drew Nami, but, you know.
But I digress.
The thing is, is that Guitar Hero, you hit the nail on the head, succeeded where Guitar Freaks failed because...
and Harmonix, who was the developer at the time, took a risk, a huge risk, and made it accessible.
Konami, too stubborn to take risks.
And I still say that's the case with them to an extent today.
Too stubborn to take risks.
Anyhow.
Wow, fun show already.
We haven't gotten into the news.
Let's start off with how was your gaming week?
We always like to talk about the games we've been playing.
Ladies first, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Well, it was...
I don't know, it actually wasn't too bad, because I have a DSi now.
I will not say how we acquired such a thing.
Huzzah!
You stole it.
Killed a hobo.
Killed a hobo, exactly.
So, I've actually started Back Into The World Is Not Enough.
It's a cool game.
Awesome.
Oh, yeah.
I've heard a lot of neat things about that.
I haven't spent a lot of time with that myself.
The world is not enough.
That was a Bond movie.
The world ends with you.
The world ends with you.
Because, well, I'll tell you what my brain did.
Okay, here's an insight into how my brain works.
I said, the world is not enough.
Then my brain went, that's not right because that spells out twine.
What game?
What?
I just think of the garbage song.
That's how my mind works.
I think of the song from the James Bond movie.
The world is not enough.
T-W-I-N-E.
Yeah, I get it.
T-Wine.
So I was like Twine.
Like the biggest ball of Twine in... No, that wasn't it.
That's the cycle that my brain went through.
And then that's when I realized I was playing Sam and Max.
The world ends with you.
That's when I realized Joshua is still an asshole.
and I started actually trying to play Oendon again.
Which spells out Tiwe.
So, also we've been watching the Mario Marathon because that's super awesome.
And I've also been sending Dan YouTube videos of this guy playing a bunch of brass instruments, you know, re-recording himself, doing like the Mario 64 theme and playing the euphonium, which is one of my favorite instruments.
I just like to say it, euphonium.
Euphonium.
That's really about... Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I played some Portal.
I lusted over Portal 2 some more.
And... Oh, yeah, lots... I love your description.
I lusted over Portal 2.
And I played a crap... It can sound like you're watching YouTubes and your tongue is on the floor.
That's not what you do when you lust Rob.
So pretty.
Anyway, and I played a crap ton of Star Trek Online.
I played enough Star Trek Online in two days to get from Commander 2 to Commander 7.
Because you have ten ranks in each rank.
So I'm three ranks away from Captain.
Many ranks.
Captain before my surgery Captain before my surgery
Let's talk about your surgery for a minute because it's going to impact the show coming up.
Oh, shit.
That's right.
Well, we don't have to, you know.
No, we can tell.
It's fine.
Well, you're going to be having surgery, what, on the hand again, right?
Yes.
I will be a little technical here.
Okay.
I have trigger finger.
It's also called flexor tendonitis.
I have it in my middle two fingers on my right hand.
And if you want to really know what the surgery goes into, just look it up online.
I'll post something in the chat room and gross everybody out.
But I was awake during my last one, and I don't really care about my new one because I'll be awake through that, too.
I'm just glad I get my benefits.
No, insurance.
Seriously, healthcare is the big hot issue here.
And thankfully, I'll be on FMLA during the layoffs at my company.
So I will still have employment at my old company and still have benefits.
And then I get laid off.
Work that system.
Work it.
And then I get laid off.
So, hire me, I'm a designer.
So, the whole thing about this though is that basically they're going to cut up, they're going to flame my hand at the palm and cut the tendon sheaths around the middle two fingers and then leave it open because what's going to happen is there's a big knotting there and it's going to grow over the knotting so that the swelling will go down.
and as a result, I won't be able to use my right hand for at least a week.
And it'll be replaced by a monkey paw.
No.
Although, actually, a chimpanzee would be cool.
She really will be Jamie Summers because they're going to give her a bionic arm.
I want a bionic hand.
Will you be able to go go-go gadget finger?
Isn't his middle finger the water pistol one?
Yes.
Damn it, Rob, you stole my joke.
But no, um, so I'm gonna go in and have my hand flayed open by a specialist.
Ooh.
And I will- They have specialists that flay hands?
Yes, they do.
I wanna be that specialist.
So, um, I will be here for the show.
I just will be very slow with, uh, you know, probably will not be hanging out in the chat room, or I might be in the chat room just, you know, ghosting, but-
Slamming down random keys.
And the best thing about it is Vicodin.
It'll sound like a Zaku call when he doesn't stop typing on the keyboard.
Jamie's slamming her monkey paw down on the keyboard.
She's communicating.
One thump means she's angry.
What I want is chimp fingers.
Or like orangutan fingers.
They're really long ones that I can grab things and poke holes in fruit.
But the best part is drugs.
That's always the best part of a surgery.
I will be probably on Vicodin because they don't really care if you hurt or not.
They just want you to not care that you hurt and that's what Vicodin does.
Be sure to play tons of video games while you're on drugs.
Okay, get this.
Last time I had my surgery, do you know what I was doing two days later?
Playing Blue Dragon all night.
Did you think the game was good?
I love Blue Dragon.
There you go.
It's like playing a Dreamcast game.
See what drugs do.
Hey, I liked it because it was like playing a Dreamcast game.
by the way, I also cleaned out a closet today in this preparation for not being able to do any housework and I found my Dreamcast shirt and a crap ton of stuff that I'm sending to our buddy Rob in England
Wasn't that nice of you?
Yes.
All right, so no show July 4th.
You send me dirty cards every year.
No show July 4th because that is the day that America celebrates fire.
So we're, I mean, that's a very important holiday to us.
And we're having a block party for my neighborhood on the 3rd, so you totally have to come.
Oh, we just might, actually.
So we got that going on.
But then come July 11th, Orange Lounge Radio will be back.
You said it.
And it'll be something like this when Orange Lounge Radio is back on the 11th.
Orange Lounge Radio, starring Rob Roberts, Loki, and featuring... No, no, no, no.
See, Rob.
You have to do the right thing.
You have to play the bionic level.
And you know that's seriously what I got my name after?
No, I know.
I know.
See, totally... I want to be all bionic and have the little string quartet follow me around every time I run.
Thank you for watching!
All right.
Spyro's in our chat room saying, even though I'm British, I still celebrate the 4th.
Stick it to the king!
No, that's kind of like feeding a cow a hamburger, but okay.
All right.
It's double the beef.
Why?
You know, that's what caused mad cow disease.
I bet.
All right.
Are you mad?
No.
Then you're fit for food.
Occasionally on this program, we talk about video games.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay, I actually played some different stuff this week because I am being forced to sit on a jury Oh crap, did you get picked?
I got picked Joke's on them actually Alright, we're gonna ask you all about the case when it's done, it's still going right?
Yeah.
Okay, so I know you can't talk about it.
Well, I can't, but... Actually, you want to get dismissed real quick?
Here's your form.
No, you better not.
That's not dismiss, that's contempt.
When they're doing the interview, she'll go, I support killing them!
That's okay because Inspector Gadget can get you out of jail.
It wouldn't be so bad if it was a criminal trial, but no, it's a civil trial.
In other words, somebody is mad and so they're suing for money.
And that's what's going on.
I kid you not, I couldn't roll my eyes more than at this trial.
And on top of that, the prosecution lawyer is an idiot who talks like Andy Griffith and it's hilarious.
So is the case anything like this when you're in the courtroom?
Like, you know, you'll just kind of be sitting there and then, you know, now the prosecution is going to call a witness to the stand.
Thanks for watching!
and a loudspeaker PA system because they were confused.
Or I should say the prosecution lawyer was confused and we were falling asleep.
Then we finally had our afternoon break.
We all walked out into the hallway and just kind of looked at each other and shook our heads like, this is going to last until November.
Great.
You got the lawyer who watched too much Matlock.
Oh my God.
The guy is like, it's seriously Andy Griffith.
Get his autograph for me.
He introduced himself as, okay, I'm going to screw up people's names.
I'm going to forget things.
I'm going to repeat stuff.
I'm going to get confused.
But don't hold that against my client.
How much did you pay for this guy?
Hey, at least he's modest.
Tiger Claw wants to know.
Probably court appointed.
Tiger Claw in our chat room wants to know if the case is a little more like night court.
I'd say it's more night court than law and order.
Oh god, look out for Bull Great
So we've got Inspector Gadget, we've got Night Court, I don't know, I dread what might be coming for me, but that's alright.
Anyways, so because I've had to endure court, I've been playing a lot of stuff on my DS, including Peggle Nights, which is pretty fun, and of course some Planet Puzzle League, and I actually played a little bit of Grand Theft Auto 2.
Chinatown Wars, but I gotta say man, Chinatown Wars, I just don't dig the 2D, well not really 2D, the top down old school Grand Theft Auto stuff I mean, once you've been spoiled by number 3 and beyond, it's just, why go back?
I will admit, I don't think I ever played more DS than when I had Jury Duty, so I feel ya
And it's just so terrible.
Because I have to go there at like 7 in the morning to get a parking spot.
Because our jury parking lot is in downtown Sacramento where there's no parking.
Because there are dickholes that don't provide adequate parking for the jury.
So you have to get there that early in order to get parking.
And then our trial doesn't actually start until 9 a.m.
So I'm sitting there...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Um, okay, but anyways, other than that, um, I've been playing more Grand Theft Auto, of course.
Uh, I made back, I guess, um, the ranks that I lost from playing some sloppy games.
Um, I've been taking it on my coworkers, so I've been beating the crap out of them very viciously, uh, quadrupling their scores at times.
Um...
and then what else Earth Defense Force 2017 because that game is still fun finished the the hardest difficulty on that so it's fun so we're going backwards now playing around the Genocide Gun and then I actually played a little bit of the Crackdown 2 demo hopefully going to be playing the full game by the end of this week I just have to convince them to give me my copy because they've been sitting on it for two weeks and
But yeah, it's pretty fun.
And Crackdown 2, pretty much just like you remember the first one, it's kind of cool if you've actually played the first game, you'll recognize a lot of the stuff in the game.
A lot of the locations are very similar, if not the same.
In fact, I was just kind of walking around going, wow, hey, I recognize, oh my god, I wonder if this is here from the first game.
Oh yeah, it is, there it is.
So that's kind of fun.
And the game itself, you know, pretty cool.
So I can't wait to pick that up and actually play some maybe co-op online and whatnot.
but yeah, that's pretty much it for right now
Let's see my gaming week then if we move on to me.
Not a whole lot of new stuff.
I'm still making my way through Alan Wake.
One of these days I'll beat it.
But I did spend quite a bit of time on WoW this week, you know, addict, which I'll come back to in a minute.
I also played a little bit of Game Room because, you know, I love me some classic games, and one of my all-time favorite classic games came out on Game Room this week, H-E-R-O, from the Atari 2600.
Now, I played this a little more on the Commodore 64 with the slightly better graphics, but, you know, it's still the same game I remember.
In a nutshell, the H-E-R-O, it's helicopter rescue operation, basically.
And you play this little guy that has a helicopter on his back, and it's this cute little control mechanism.
And you kind of explore caves, but in the cave there are monsters and lava and all these things you have to avoid, and sometimes boats that you take.
Actually, for a 2600 game, it was pretty darn impressive.
I mean, they really packed a lot into the cartridge.
I would kind of compare it to, like, imagine if you could fly around in Pitfall.
it's kind of like that because you know Pitfall was an Activision game too but it was one of my favorite games that came out for the 2600 but it came out right before the big crash so I think a lot of people missed this game but it's on Game Room now and you know it's worth at least checking out the demo and see if you like it I tried to get a top 20 score but I found it was very scary how much I remembered like go down through the left tunnel instead of the right tunnel or go down the third passage like I actually remembered how to get through a lot of levels it kind of freaked me out so yeah there was that that was fun
Oh, thank God.
I liked the Dungeon Finder.
It sprays diarrhea all over World of Warcraft It was a terrible content patch And I'll tell you why For one, now the game crashes every so often now If you have souped up settings on your computer The draw distance it can't handle Like my game crashes every now and then And the Ruby Sanctum I guess was released But it's not even open yet They can't open it until they get the patch deployed to everyone else They released this thing called Real ID
Real ID is what allows you to cross communicate through servers, through factions to other players that you want to communicate with.
That's what I thought it was.
It's kind of their way of being Xbox Live or Steam, I guess.
Well, you know that Battle.net's kind of slowly trying to kind of poke at the Steam and the... Actually, I would say it's most... You know what most reminds me of is X-Fire.
I don't know if you remember X-Fire.
But the whole way Battle.net's going really reminds me of what X-Fire kind of was or is, I guess.
I guess they're still going.
Well, they kind of want to integrate the StarCraft 2 players that are going to be coming up with the WoW players.
But Real ID, here's the thing.
Real ID allows you to communicate with players on any server and on any faction while you're still in WoW.
So that's cool.
But it doesn't use handles.
It doesn't use numbers.
It uses your real name to communicate with other people.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Here's what I'm not okay with.
And this is where I truly feel like Blizzard hijacked my privacy this week.
Is that they copied a feature from Xbox Live where you can view your friends list and you can go into any of your friends and view their friends list.
Complete with their real name.
So in other words, if I add a friend on this Battle.net system...
somebody that might be trying to find out my real name because I don't know if it's a big secret or what have you but I don't use my real name on this program neither does Jamie Loki obviously isn't his real name either you know we use fake names on the show just like a lot of people do out there in the world like you know Bono that's not his real name Cher is probably a shortened name Madonna really is her name but you know it's you know what I mean Cher is actually Cher's name
And I'm not trying to, well, but it's a shortened, she goes by one.
I thought she was Esther now.
Forget it.
My point is, there's a lot of people out there that don't use their real names, and we don't either.
And, you know what, I actually thank Travis, back from Under Sedation Live, for making me use a fake name, because it's been really good.
And I don't like my day job and my night job to conflict.
It's nothing personal, you guys, but just realize, I have a day job where I, privacy is a huge component of my day job.
and I can't have my what I do during the day and what I do during the night conflict with each other and like if that were to happen I couldn't do this show anymore because I have to pay my bills you know what I mean this show pays me nothing so I realize that most people are pretty respectful of that
Battle.net
I can't control adding you as a friend, but I can't control who you put on your friends list.
Well, I'm not going to put anybody on there.
You don't understand.
You might think that, and you might know that, but there's some really messed up people in the world.
I, many years ago, because of this program, had a stalker.
I had a stalker because of Orange Lounge Radio.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura.com
that's that that's what I'm talking about and so I I am totally with you guys if you don't like it don't use it and I don't use it because I don't want that to happen ever again but the problem is it's there and now there's these social pressures and I'm hearing like guilds out there are requiring people to use it that is so screwed up here's my point Blizzard is smarter than that
Bet your ass.
Bet your ass.
Think, when you were 16 or 17, did your parents know how to totally control your gaming?
Because I'll tell you, mine sure didn't.
And it definitely wasn't because they were bad parents.
It was just because I knew computers more than they did.
I was playing Nintendo with my mom.
And so if World of Warcraft had been around when I was 16, I guarantee you I would be on Battle.net using real ID with my mom's name.
That's... Like, I'm like, this is, like, incredibly messed up.
So, basically, Blizzard failed to account for the stupidity and maliciousness of its players.
Mm-hmm.
Sorry, potential stupidity and maliciousness of its players.
Guilds requiring that?
Yeah, I've heard... That is insane!
Because they want to know if you're, like, online and to rate... It's these really stupid reasons.
Do not join a guild that requires you to use real ID.
I mean, that's just... That's just, like...
or you can do what I do and don't play World of Warcraft so Star Trek Online, they don't require you to have that stuff I know, I'm trying to look at some of the comments in our chat room chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to join in Salacious Pop says it only takes one person in an IRL guild to add random pickup people to ruin it for everybody else they know that's true, you know, I can control my own list but I can't control my friends list and that's what I really don't like about Real ID
So honestly, I understand Blizzard, in a boardroom somewhere, must have thought this was a good idea to combat, I don't know, gold sellers or something.
You know what?
No, I can't think of why this is a good idea.
I really can't.
Well, hopefully they'll tone that down.
I realize we have people, and I'm surprised every week at who is actually listening to Orange Lounge Radio, because like, didn't we have a guy email or call that was like, oh yeah, I worked at Infinity Ward, you know, I was there, I was like, really?
I didn't know we had people that worked there to listen to the show.
If we have anyone that works at Act of Blizzard that listens to this program, will you please, please help us get this fixed?
Because it is just an embarrassment to World of Warcraft right now.
You know, it makes about as much sense as locking down your Facebook privacy settings, and I think they need to do the same thing.
I know they tried to make Battle.net a little more social, a little more Facebook-like, but they stumbled on the same problem that Facebook had.
Privacy.
Seeing friends of friends that you might not want to see.
I mean, I keep my Facebook locked down tighter than a frog's ass for a reason.
Well, yeah, if they want to go the Facebook route, though, Facebook lets me change my name.
I use my radio name on Facebook because I actually don't want to date people to find out my name.
It's just crazy.
I don't want to say it's a dual life I live because I have one life, but I'm just very conscious about my internet trail, and I think you have to be in this day and age.
And I find the easiest way to separate your internet trail is to use two names.
It's very easy when you do it that way.
Well, you know, actually, I am going to tell you this.
The reason why I leave my actual name up there is because I'm looking to get hired.
Right, and I don't need that right now.
I'm marketing myself.
Everyone's got their own reasons for it.
But you know, Facebook has this thing in their little rules or whatever that says if they find out that you're using a pseudonym that they can't delete your account.
So anyway, TigerClaw in chat says, if Blizzard listens to this show, they need to pay attention.
Sky is their biggest customer.
I appreciate the sentiment, and usually I'm one of the biggest proponents of Blizzard, but people that actually get suckered into going to BlizzCon are much bigger customers than I am.
And yes, I think you're kind of a sucker if you go to BlizzCon.
And there's people I know and love that go to BlizzCon, and it's, you know, it's just my personal feeling.
Well, and that's the whole thing, is that, you know, it's not like Blizzard doesn't get enough money out of you.
Why don't you come attend for $150 this three-day commercial?
No, thanks.
I'd like to be able to afford your next expansion.
Exactly.
Exactly.
That's what BlizzCon basically rolls down to.
I'd rather just play your damn game.
Anyhow.
Anyhow.
I'm getting way off topic and there's people that really don't want to hear this whole spiel.
But I'm just saying, I think this is important to talk about for a lot of different games.
Because, you know, Blizzard sets the standard with a lot of things.
This is one scary-ass standard I don't want them setting.
I don't complain about Xbox Live because I can change my name on Xbox Live I don't complain about Facebook because I can change my name on Facebook and I can lock it down to quote the ever eloquent Drunami tighter than a frog's ass I cannot change my name on Blizzard they hijacked it from my credit card without truly telling me what they would be using my name for and that was wrong that was wrong okay
Yay, rant's done.
Happy show.
Happy birthday, OLR.
Yay, happy show.
All right, Drew Nami, what have you been playing?
Oh, God, hell is my gaming year.
Well, yeah, in a nutshell, what have you been playing lately?
I've been playing a whole crap load of WoW lately.
I've actually been getting into the raiding scene, staying in the raiding scene.
Right now, I imagine Arthas is just sitting on his throne like Conan, looking bored.
RP Guild.
But I've also been taking advantage of a lot of Steam sales, I am a consumer whore and how I'm buying a hell of a lot of Steam games, playing a hell of a lot of Steam games Oh, have you seen the sale this week?
Oh god, I did take advantage of Left 4 Dead 2 Civ 4 is on sale again today No, I took advantage of Left 4 Dead 2 two days ago Yesterday, they cut the price in half
Don't you hate that?
And I raged.
Steve is like gambling sometimes.
And then I shot zombies.
Buy low.
Then I shot zombies.
I have been really getting into the Mass Effect series.
I played through Mass Effect 2 for the past couple months.
Love the hell out of it, waiting for the third game in the trilogy.
I gotta jump in here real quick because this is a very important question in chat I want to answer.
Blaze in our chatroom says, is this real ID nonsense going to be in StarCraft 2 and or more importantly to me at least, Diablo 3?
Yes.
So that's why even if you don't play WoW, Blizzard has a lock on some other PC gaming and I think it's important that you check that.
Check it out.
That's why they rushed this patch.
It's because StarCraft 2 is hitting shelves, what, next week?
July 27th.
Oh, I thought it was like July 7th.
Okay, but soon.
So they had to implement the patch.
Anyway, sorry, Drunami.
I just wanted to get that out there because it's a very important question that needed answering from our chat room.
So yeah, lots of Mass Effect 2, lots of Killing Fool, a very underrated first-person shooter.
It's no Left 4 Dead, but it's definitely underrated.
Console-wise, not a whole lot.
The new Tales Symphonia sequel was good, I've been replaying that.
Finally got around to beating No More Heroes.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It had a lot of bugs for the PC port though.
The PC port wasn't very good.
Oh yeah, it was still a fun game, just not as fun.
I was playing Trine, not Twine, Trine.
Had a lot of fun with that.
I want your money as well Give it to me
Dan is here in studio.
We can't hear him because he's not on a mic, but that's okay.
How you doing, Dan?
Greetings.
Since you decided to bless our show.
I don't want to talk about games, but I want a moment of your show's time.
I want everyone to have a very, very brief moment of silence to mourn the passing of Game Crazy this week.
As of Wednesday, all Game Crazies will close down.
Wasn't Wednesday our birthday?
Leaving me super unemployed.
Wednesday was our birthday.
Happy birthday, LLR!
Happy birthday, LLR!
So, everybody, send me your money.
I'm not worried about identity.
If you want to send me some money, I'll just give you my name.
It's Rob.
Rob.
Send your money to Rob.
He'll get it to me.
Yes, send Rob your money.
I'll be sure Dan gets all of it.
Be sure to send cash.
because if you want his real name and address, what number of the works?
I got it.
Oh, shut up.
I will hook you up.
In related topics, Dan will never be added to Battle.net.
Every Sunday.
I know right where he's at.
I got this.
Now, Dan, you're ignoring OLR tonight to partake in the Mario Marathon, correct?
No, not really.
I mean, if I was ignoring all, I would be talking to you.
Well, you were a minute ago.
You were on the couch and watching Mario Marathon.
How's Mario Marathon going?
Those guys are not very good Mario players.
But it's for a good cause.
Okay, it's for a good cause.
We were actually sort of talking about that we should do something like that.
Except you play Sonic.
Except for, you know, something awesome.
Hey, TigerClaw's got a great suggestion in our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com Maybe Dan can be on OLR more often now that he's jobless and he can tell game crazy stories.
I never worked on Sunday.
I just didn't want to talk to y'all.
I live with him, so I'm going to be on medical leave while he's off.
Oh my god, one of you two is going to kill the other because you're both not going to be working.
Yeah, tell me about it.
so anyways if anyone knows a job I don't care what it is I'll shovel crap I'll play Sega games whatever just give me your money that means you Andrew next week on next week on Orange Lounge Radio it's the Jamie and Dan household survivor Dan I know where you live only one of them can survive I know a fight to the death I know you know
We're going to do Paper Plate Battle Royale again.
What are you talking about?
By the way, I just saw something that makes me incredibly excited for my big DS9 fangirlism.
Episode 2 for Star Trek Online is going to be launching on July 15th.
They're including mini-games and one of them is Dabo.
Oh, Ranma in chat says Dan should apply to Best Buy.
Uh, no.
I was waiting for a comment from the living room.
Dan!
Are they hiring?
I don't think he values his soul that much.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh my god, Tigerclaw!
Brilliant!
Dan can try to sign in to be a contestant in the latest season of The Tester.
that show that they're casting for season two of The Tester.
Dan should go on The Tester.
Oh, you know, every other thing he says would be, you know, and I play this beep game, beep, beep, beep game, beep.
That's a brilliant idea.
Dan!
What?
You need to go on reality television.
I thought I was on reality television.
No, we're going to put you on season two of The Tester.
Yeah, I mean, you're on reality radio now.
No one listens to this show and no one watches The Tester.
It'll be a perfect transition.
Chirp, chirp.
Chirp, chirp.
Oh, Dan's back.
Hooray.
My yelling worked.
The Tester, you know that reality show on PlayStation Network?
Season 2 is coming up.
There's shows on PlayStation Network?
Yes, you could be.
Is PlayStation Network where you go on when you're not on Xbox Live?
Yes.
There's actually going to have this whole plus thing soon, too.
It's crazy.
The only reason I want to go on PlayStation Network is what is that new game that looks like Strider but it's four players?
I don't know, but it's amazing.
You could be a Sony game tester.
Sony games kind of suck.
Don't screw yourself.
$10,000 to the winner.
Necromashina.
That's not really that much money.
Yeah, Necromashina.
You should check that out.
That game looks awesome.
It's on PlayStation Network.
Are you playing Mario Crossover?
It's so good, it's got Ryu in it now I set mine up to work with my gamepad It's rad to the max
So I've been playing Mario Crossover this week.
And I've still been playing Mario Bros.
X. There's my week in gaming.
And I finished Red Dead Redemption and it was sad at the end.
Really?
Yes.
Jimmy wants this game too.
Alright.
Jimmy wants everything.
Alright.
I got no money.
Dan, good luck to you.
Unless you send me some.
Send me money so I can buy my wife games.
Good luck to you in the job search.
Dude, is this done by the same guy that did Strider?
You're a hard worker.
Everyone loves it.
You know, we have people that listen to this show that knew you from your store.
that was like, oh my god, Jamie's married to the guy at that store.
Jamie's married to that big jerk who works at Funkoland.
That poor woman.
You guys don't know what it's like here.
She's insane.
Alright.
Let's move on.
We gotta get into gaming news.
Thank you, Dan.
Alright.
Housekeeping and things that are coming up.
No show next week.
We already talked about that.
Oh, I want to mention this real quick.
IOS 4 is out, which is the iPhone thing, iPad software.
One of the things that's new in the IOS 4, and I'm not just talking about the iPhone 4.
I mean, yes, that's out too, but we realize a lot of people listen to this show on their iPhones, their iPods, their iTouches.
There's other devices too, we are aware.
Some people just listen straight up on their PC and that's cool.
But one of the new things in iOS 4 is that the show descriptions are actually now displayed on the screen while you listen to the podcast.
So we're going to try in a couple weeks something new with the notes for the show and we think you'll really like it.
But they're going to be kind of expanded and time stamped.
So we're going to try something new.
and we're hoping you guys will like it but that'll be in two weeks on the podcast or really the next podcast that'll hit the feed after this one so we hope you guys like it it's gonna take more work that goes into it though so all right appreciate it yeah I think people will like it it's kind of been a requested feature for a while so we'll see what happens all right anyhow we're only 45 minutes into the show and I barely touched gaming news how about some video game news we'll start off tonight with the one and only Loki
Yes, so it's been confirmed that the 3DS is coming out in 2011.
Now, of course, before Reggie actually appeared on the Jimmy Fallon show, yes, apparently Late Night with Jimmy Fallon is now a news source.
It was announced that the 3DS would be out in fiscal 2010.
I believe that's fiscal 2010.
Which would be between now and March 31st, 2011 But now it's been confirmed that it's actually going to launch in 2011 So, do the math, it's going to be the first three months of the year And, yeah, that's neat, I guess
hmm kind of disappointing I guess if you're looking forward to it for Christmas but hey there's enough crap coming out during Christmas one less thing I can deal with that
I totally agree that it's very strange that Jimmy Fallon has now become this kind of launching point for games.
Because I guess it was actually part of like a week of games or something.
He does games a lot on his show.
I don't know if you watched the clip, but Reggie kind of takes a jab.
I believe it's Sony because he says something about... And it's not like the guys that were here last night.
You don't need glasses to see this 3D.
He said something like that in the clip.
So it was just Reggie being Reggie, you know.
And...
Yeah, I mean, kind of a bummer, though, that it's not coming out until 2011, but I totally won a bet with GamerEaty, and now I'm getting a lunch bot for me.
So, GamerEaty, if you're listening, I like steak.
Just saying.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
Well, I'm actually not kidding.
I did win a bet.
Do you think it was intended, maybe, for Reggie to say this on the show?
Because this seems like an odd place.
to give details about the release date?
Or do you think it just kind of slipped?
I don't think it slipped.
I think it's just that people, when they announced fiscal 2010, and people were like, oh my god, by the end of 2010, woo!
And so instead of just everybody being disappointed by figuring out that, hey, it's not coming out at holiday, he just went ahead and announced it so that you don't have to assume anymore.
What do you think this leaves for?
Because a lot of people were speculating that 3DS and on our nightly shows from E3 too, I know Shane and I were having some discussions on this, that the 3DS really had to come out this year because what else does Nintendo have for Christmas?
So what do you think the holiday season is going to look like for Nintendo?
I think it's going to be all their games.
The Kirby and the Donkey Kong Not everything, I mean Donkey Kong I think and Kirby are going to be this year I think Kirby is going to be the one that's in November There's a lot of stuff I think for October There's also a lot of stuff that they haven't announced Or announced last year Stuff that was shown on E3 last year is coming out I know there's a game on the Wii I can't remember if it was the Wii or DS It was one of the ones I saw last year though
Um, so there's still stuff to come out.
Never lied to me, I can't remember the timeline for, uh, was it Metroid Other M?
It's August 31st.
It was supposed to be out a couple days ago, because I remember it was my birthday weekend.
Actually, today.
I think it was supposed to be out today, but it got pushed back.
Well, that'll be a Christmas gift idea.
Yes, that's right.
That came out instead.
Have you checked that out?
Nope.
I have not played it yet.
Yeah, I didn't really play the first one, to be honest.
My Wii is still not hooked up.
I will probably not be hooking it up until Metroid Other M comes out, because I've got to play that.
I've got to play Metroid Other M. It does look cool.
But, yeah, I haven't played the Wii console since...
November, I think?
Some comments in our chatroom about Pokemon Black White.
Spyro in our chat is asking, is Pokemon Black and White cancelled?
No, I believe they even announced a release date.
October 19th in Japan.
Wasn't it even sooner than that?
Like the 18th of September, I thought I read?
No, it was October, I think.
Regardless, it's fall in Japan.
Fall of Japan So it won't have 3DS support I bet you anything it'll be out April in the US because that's usually when they've been releasing the Pokemon games around the April time frame
All right, well, we'll see if you're right or not.
I guess that's true.
This last little one with the Pokey Walker ball came out in April-ish.
That was March.
Was it?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, it was right before PAX East.
Everybody had one of those stupid things there.
Okay, Pokemon HeartGold, SoulSilver, that was March.
Pokemon Platinum was March.
Pokemon Explorers of the Sky and Explorers of Time, that was April.
Diamond Pearl was April.
So yeah, it's usually March or April.
The 3DS cards are a little bigger.
Maybe it won't matter.
I don't know.
Could be like the advanced dungeons in Zelda.
That's what I think of.
I don't think that they're... They might.
I mean, there's... I would say, if anything, it's going to have DSi support.
Probably not 3DS.
It might have some really silly stuff, like the whole game won't be in 3D, but maybe like the evolution scenes or something silly.
Just like little one-off things will be in 3D.
Little, little things.
We'll see.
I don't think so.
And the reason why is because they're going to be in the old carts and it's going to be too hard to hold that extra data on there.
But DSI support's been something that they've been doing a lot with different games.
Not necessarily, you know, you don't have to play it on the DSI, but if you do, you can, you know, do different things.
Also some other comments in chat.
Ranma is a big fan of the 3DS, saying, I will get a 3DS and I will shank someone if I have to.
I think a lot of people feel that way, actually.
Frisbee is trying to top us all, saying, I haven't played my Wii since 2008.
I'm curious, though, if Frisbee's going to break it out for anything that Nintendo announced this year.
I did play Wii Sports Golf on Friday because they were setting up something for some company that we had coming into our work.
They were having a Wii Sports Golf tournament.
I don't think day job stuff should count, though, to be honest.
Well, in that case, then I don't play Grand Theft Auto ever.
Well, okay, you do that on your break, though, but I get what you're saying.
Well, technically it wasn't working if I'm playing Wii Sports Golf.
WeSportsResortGolf
Microsoft representative confirmed to them that a $199 version of their new Xbox 360, which they're now calling the short Xbox 360, or they put that in quotes, they're not calling it the Slim now, which is good, because we talked about this last week.
It is not the Xbox 360 Slim, right?
It has another name.
Alright, so anyway, it is going to be coming out for $199.
There is also a new setup that's going to have the Xbox 6 system and Kinect together, which I think a lot of people knew.
So there you go, $199 Xbox 360 system coming out soon.
No date, no idea, but probably what, fall-ish, I think you were predicting, Loki?
Before the holidays for sure.
For the new system?
Um...
The new SKUs with the Kinect isn't coming out until when the Kinect does, so that'll be November 4th.
I bet you the $1.99 system, probably as early as September, just to cash in on Halo Reach.
That's also when they've done price drops.
If you were thinking about getting an Xbox right now, wait.
Well, wait and see anyways because you know how they're saying that there's going to be a new $199 SKU?
What if they're just dropping the price of the system to $199?
you never know I would think though if anything they do a lot of their price drops and big pushes towards the holiday and especially when they want to capitalize on a game like Halo Reach just wait for some better deals to be coming out and besides even if you wait longer what they've been doing in the past is bundling in some games with your Xbox 360 system for free so if you do wait you still might get some free stuff
Alpha Catanagram in our chat room at chat.org.com is asking, Wait, how much is this bundle?
Did they say?
I must know for Child of Eden.
Everyone's speculating, what, $300?
I think $300.
Yeah.
Well, $299 is what the system is right now.
It might be $399.
Hmm.
I wonder if there'll be a basic version with Kinect, though.
I bet there is.
We'll see.
It's hard to say.
If they're going to do...
I don't know, they could do a smaller hard drive because the hard drive is removable.
It is.
Just like the PS3.
I know, isn't that awesome?
It is awesome.
Alright, Loki, how big is the hard drive?
Are you going to try to put a terabyte drive in there?
I'm not getting a new system.
Oh yeah, you don't need one.
You have like five Xbox 360s.
I wish I had five Xbox 360s.
I don't know how many Xbox 360s I have anymore.
That's crazy.
That's awesome though.
Speaking about the Xbox 360, it doesn't look like they're going to be getting Final Fantasy XIV because their system is so different.
They were wanting to play like a normal internet environment and wanted for the consoles to mirror how it works on the PC.
Microsoft has a closed environment so they still can't work up an agreement.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but Final Fantasy XI I don't think it did that well on the 360 and I really don't have anything to base it off of but I'm just spec you know just kind of knowing who played it what systems they were playing on I don't think it did well on the 360 because most people who wanted to play it already had it on PS2 and PC you know what I mean
I don't know if that set a bad precedent for MMOs in general, but if that was the case, that seems kind of crappy to me.
But there's one other MMO on Xbox 360 right now, and that's Phantasy Star Universe.
Again, I don't think that did very well either.
They also were trying to get Champions Online.
They said that the game ran just fine.
It was the business end of getting everything in line.
it seems strange to me that Microsoft is kind of shooting themselves in the foot with these MMOs especially with Final Fantasy XIV and DC Universe both slated for the PS3 this fall I mean this could be where the PS3 has their own agency we know is coming out too what MMOs are on their way for 360?
are there any at this point that we know of?
no
If any, they need a recent MMO like Final Fantasy XIV.
I mean, if trends are to be believed, they got MMOs that were sort of past their prime.
Or their...
or they're turning their nose up at MMOs which you know they could get away with doing possibly MMOs have always you know Sony somewhat is I don't know if they're necessarily taking a risk but the developers are taking a risk putting the games out on PS3 but I don't know like again I really enjoy DC Universe on the PS3 that I played at E3 and I could see myself paying money for that on the PlayStation 3 if they succeed then Microsoft's gonna have to catch up
I don't know.
It just seems very strange to me that they would not be trying to bend over backwards to get Final Fantasy XIV on their system.
But maybe they're thinking, you know what?
XI didn't do that great, so XIV's not going to either.
I have no idea.
I think Microsoft has their own agenda.
Comment from SalaciousPop in chat, and this is something he was telling me about earlier today, and I want to share this with you guys too.
Champions Online was developed for a 360 release.
Even playing the PC version, you can see the 360 integration screaming at you from the UI.
Champions Online was a huge flop, and it probably has to do with the fact that at least 50% of its platform audience never actually got the game.
So there you go.
Champions Online maybe was unfortunately did in by this whole fact that the 360 was not going to be having its MMO or made it too difficult.
Unfortunate.
Bochikawa says PS3 is a free online service.
Same on PC.
I think Microsoft lost majorly because of that.
Well, keep in mind, I can't remember for PSU, but I know for Final Fantasy XI, it would work with a silver account.
PlayOnline was never cool
I thought it was cool when it first came out, but that was it.
But anyhow, the interesting thing, and PlayOnline is on the 360 version, but here's the crazy thing about PlayOnline.
It's a joint venture between Square Enix and Sony.
PlayOnline is a Sony code, and it was on the 360.
Final Fantasy XI was a really not typical game on the 360.
It broke all the rules.
But they were excited to have a Final Fantasy game on their console.
They let it break the rules.
Just like they let Castlevania break the rules and it ended up setting a precedent.
With the whole Symphony of the Night coming out on the arcade.
Keep in mind, in Japan, Symphony of the Night did come out on the Saturn.
What's that have to do with the 360 one, though?
Because, I mean, even back in the day, Sony didn't have the whole exclusive... I see.
It was supposed to have been exclusive, and then the Saturn version came out, which apparently had all the stuff that the programmers never got to put in.
I see.
I getcha.
I don't know.
It'd be interesting to see what kind of comes of that.
And the Saturn version was better.
I think, honestly, if you haven't heard of it by this point, Final Fantasy XIV will not be on the 360 release date anyway.
Can they add it the next year if the game becomes popular?
Maybe.
But I don't know.
I...
I don't know, guys.
I really don't.
I'll try Final Fantasy XIV, but I'm just kind of like, there's just something about it.
I have a really bad feeling it's going to flop.
I don't know what it is.
I think just because XI was so received mixed, and I don't think the PS3 is as adopted as the PS2 was, and the 360, I don't know.
Call me crazy.
What's funny is there's still a Final Fantasy XIV skew on Xbox 360.
It still exists, whether it's actually going to come out or not.
Well, I think it's a placeholder.
You know what, though?
There might be a lot that they're developing that they don't plan on releasing.
I mean, maybe a 360 version is further along than any of us are giving credit for.
Because one other thing, I don't know if we talked about when we did the E3 report, but Final Fantasy XIV also supports 3D right now.
You can put on 3D glasses if you have those Uber monitors for your PC.
You can play Final Fantasy XIV in 3D.
But they took great caution to tell us
we're messing with this right now we don't know if it's going to be in the full release this is a concept thing that you're seeing so who knows there Bochikawa in our chatroom says 14 will suck yes but it will still sell we'll see we'll see I again I hate to base my opinion off an early build of the game I do believe though I I think if 14 gets delayed to next year it's not bad news but that's just me anyhow Loki what do you got for us
Apparently there's a rumor coming from Bloomberg saying that Sony may close a deal securing the rights to bring Hulu to the PlayStation Network.
It says the partnership could be announced as soon as next week.
and that's kind of interesting since you know apparently there's also a similar report saying that it might be coming to Xbox 360 and the iPad as well and would offer a premium Hulu service where you could possibly pay for maybe streaming of old
Archive stuff kind of interesting actually that they're thinking about bringing it to that platform I don't know I think it'll eventually probably make its way to each console platform except for the Wii maybe but why not you can kind of do it right now with well you could have done it before with the web browser you can do it with third party software like Diversity and stuff like that but I could definitely see this happening
It's interesting that Hulu keeps coming up time and time again.
It's just like, happen already, darn it.
Yeah.
It's just a matter of time.
We're just waiting to see what happens.
Alright, well, something I really don't think you need to wait much longer to see if it happens or not has to do with the price of Kinect.
You know what we've been saying, you know, as have most of the gaming press, that Kinect is going to cost you $150, but Microsoft, for whatever reason, just won't confirm it.
Like, they will not tell you the price of Kinect.
But then this week...
on the official Microsoft store.
That's right, online.
You know, Microsoft has a store online just like Apple does and a lot of different companies do.
They now are selling the Kinect sensor for the Xbox 360 for $149.99.
So there you go.
That's like, what do we cost?
Yeah, interesting, huh?
I really hope this comes with a bundle in-game because just $150 for the device itself.
It better come with a bundle of several games.
Ow, I shot myself in the foot.
Well, the rumor is it is coming bundled with a game.
Oh, really, Loki?
What have you heard?
I heard that there's going to be a pack-in game.
Not sure what it is.
Do you know which one?
I don't think it's anything that's probably been announced yet.
It's probably just tech demos.
Well, not tech demos, but remember how Wii Sports was?
That was all their tech demos.
That would be my guess.
It could be very well one of Kinect Sports or something like that.
You never know.
Well, one other quick thing on Kinect I want to get out there is that if you were unable to go to E3 and you happen to live near a Microsoft store, there's not a lot of these.
There's like four.
I think there's like two in Southern California, one in Arizona, I want to say.
There's not a lot of these.
There's like four Microsoft stores.
They're kind of like Apple stores, but instead of Apple, it's Microsoft.
you can play the Kinect in the stores they actually have the demos right now Kinectimals according to the official Twitter for the stores which is at Microsoft Store on Twitter is the game that's being shown off right now so it sounds like they're going to rotate in different Kinect games
You know what I noticed when they have a new piece of interface technology?
Remember when the DS was just released and they just had games that amounted to just tech demos?
I mean like Yoshi Touch and Go.
And then for the first part of the lifespan of the Wii, they just had games that were mostly just tech demos.
I would hope since motion sensor technology is matured by now that Microsoft would have more than glorified tech demos.
Well, the technology is matured but unfortunately people and developers have not matured and I understand that developers can do way better than what's out there right now but people like what's out there right now and so that's why they're emulating the same stuff you see on other systems like a Wii Sports type game, a Wii Sports Resort type game, a party game, that kind of stuff.
Since you brought up the DS launch titles though, I have to say this, because this always cracks me up.
You know what DS game, I don't know if it was a launch title, but it came out in the first three months.
Rob, I owned Ping Pals.
Oh, it was so terrible.
Ping Pals was so terrible.
I bought two copies.
I was coerced into buying two copies.
It was so terrible, but here's why.
Here's why.
It was this awesome DS game.
I say awesome very sarcastically, by the way.
Where you could chat with other people on their nearby DSs by drawing.
And you could do these draw chats back and forth.
And that's what Pink Pals was all about.
It was PictoChat with avatars.
Boy, Nintendo fucked them over, didn't they?
And it was $30 times two.
It's like, yeah, you can pay for this, or you can play it for free now.
Yeah, Pink Pals wasn't even online.
It had these avatars.
I guess there was some type of game.
You may remember, Rob, that when the DS came out, they didn't have online.
that's right but it was like it was like that hidden thing it was that secret thing that Nintendo always puts that magical thing in their new system that they'll they'll tell you later gotcha it was in there the whole time there's always something like that seriously with the DS it was the internet like oh secretly it was there the whole time the Wii's kind of had I don't know it has some slumbering stuff like that too the channels that they come out with and stuff you know just interesting
So since the buying public is used to it, Microsoft's gonna pick up a shovel and Sony's gonna pick up a shovel and just start shoveling games our way.
Well, here's what I'm saying.
I understand that the Wii has the advantage of the price point because it's $150 now.
And they do have the disadvantage that you have to buy the extra sensor if you want to play those games.
Um...
But I mean, once again, it's all about perception.
Because yeah, Wii costs $150, but let's say if you're setting it up for a family of four, it's going to cost a lot more to do that with a Wii than it would be on an Xbox 360.
I mean, even though it may seem that the Wii is a better choice, with all the extra added crap to it, it's going to add up.
And...
With Sony, it's the same thing.
You're going to have to buy all these different accessories.
Now, I know you don't have to buy all these accessories if you want to play by yourself.
That's fine.
Or if you want to play with just one other person, then you can save yourself a little bit of money.
But at least with the Kinect, it'll support up to as many players as the game will support.
Alright, before we get to Jamie's next story and then the release dates here, I've got to read this real quick because this was linked to us in chat by Robocoon.
Linked us to the official Ping Pals Wikipedia article and I've got to read this excerpt because it's gold.
Ready?
Keep in mind this is Wikipedia.
Ping Pals was released on December 8th, 2004.
The reviewer gave a one-word written summary reading, pointless.
Let's see.
Electronic Gaming Monthly gave the game an average of .5 out of 10 with the game receiving two zeros and one 1.5.
But it was really shiny, girl-friendly air.
That's my favorite.
Girl-friendly.
Yeah, that's why I had to buy two copies.
Maybe being a brain-dead vegetable hooked up to life support girl-friendly.
The GMR magazine gave it a 0 out of 10.
It's below their normal scale.
Nice.
Alright, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Do you have a girl-friendly story for us?
I have something that makes me happy.
Okay.
Facebook games are going poop.
And keep in mind, the only thing that I play is Hotel City.
Good, I'm a fan of not playing Farmville.
Yeah, I hate Farmville.
Farmville is like the poop that dung beetles poop.
Farmville's free on the iPhone right now, you know?
Yeah.
They'd have to pay me.
At any rate.
My friends are now playing Frontierville.
Gamasutra keeps up with the who's playing what on Facebook games and basically the big Zynga games have gone down Farmville went from 66.6 million to 63.9 million Treasure Isle dropped 2.5 million and Cafe World lost 1.5 million
The only thing there that's really keeping it steady that's attracting new players is Texas Hold'em Poker.
We've got 28.6 million players.
You've got to wonder how many of those are actual people.
I hate the stupid games.
I think people are finally starting to go, I'm wasting my time.
I could do something.
Have you ever heard the music in Farmville?
No.
Oh, they made new ones.
What?
Oh, God.
When I played Farm... Never mind.
When I used to play Farmville, the theme song was so horrible.
It was this one thing that would loop over and over and over again.
I guess now... I tried it once.
And then I was like, why?
And like, it's not even why as a question, it's why as a statement.
Like, if I was typing it, it would be, it would have no capitalization and have a period at the end.
It would just be why.
Or what.
What.
Yeah, it would be a statement.
It wouldn't even require grammar.
But see, here's the thing.
I'm actually really looking forward to the Civilization Facebook game.
Like, there's some really cool sounding stuff around the corner.
You're a Civ nerd.
I really am.
Go buy Civ.
Like 7-Elevenville?
I don't think I'll play 7-Elevenville.
That's not a joke, is it?
Zynga, Zynga, Zynga, Zynga, whatever has really taken over 7-Eleven.
It's kind of disgusting.
What kind of Slurpees do they have?
I didn't even look.
They still have the whole Iron Man stuff.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hey, that's going to be a reality in California after November.
I don't know if you heard, but it's qualifying for the ballot.
Do you want to smoke weed?
Yes or no?
In a nutshell.
Oh God, what is my anti-nausea?
It'll pass.
Well, not even a question.
It's going to pass.
I'm glad you asked because it's coming in November.
Outro Music
No, we're gonna be Amsterdam the sequel.
Oh my god.
It's a good time to stay indoors.
Just need the hookers now.
Here's the thing.
for like 60 days.
They had to go to Reno for that.
It's too far away.
For 60 days.
They'll never be able to make it on the pot.
It's going to be the most lulzy thing you could ever imagine.
Everybody will be high for like 60 days.
Not everybody.
I don't smoke pot.
The day California stood still.
There's going to be so many people just like it's 420 every day.
And then you know what?
It's like when Prohibition was eliminated.
Drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, pass out, wake up.
Okay, we're over it.
I'm going to get political for a second, Rob.
May I?
Oh, hell, why not?
Disclaimer.
Okay, let's go ahead and look back at history.
And this is why this whole stupid war on drugs thing is pretty much bullshit.
When they made booze illegal, what happened?
Black market.
An increase in crime.
We had the heyday of the old school gangster.
But Dick Tracy was here to make it all better.
and the moment it became illegal their prices shot up so they could charge more for it and then they were having people run guns and everything and another one actually in the same comic is when Opus and Bill were running for president and the drug traffickers came up and said we hope you'll have tough gun laws that makes more profit for us
I know that that's a parody, just a little political commentary on it, but the numbers are there.
Gun-free zones have a higher rate of gun-related deaths than places where it's legal to carry a firearm.
Criminals don't really care if it's legal or not.
No, but they're less likely to use it when the other person might be armed too.
I feel like Jamie should have a theme song when she's giving history lessons here on the show.
So do you want to continue with your history lesson here?
Yes, I do.
I'll play a little bit of...
God Save the Queen here.
Oh, Lord.
Anyway.
But I'm saying, and I'm going to completely second what you said, Rob, the moment that the potloss pass, you're going to have a month where people are going to go, and all of the right-wing nutjobs are going to go, ah, see, we told you.
And then a month later, two months later, it'll be nothing.
No one will care about it.
You mean I can go outside?
Yes, it's safe.
You mean I actually do go outside?
Is it safe?
But you know what this means?
There will come a day...
The Orange Lounge Radio episode where we're all high as fuck.
And that will be just another episode where I'm in the chat room.
I'm actually allergic to pot, by the way.
Yeah, me too.
It'll sound like every other episode.
Yeah, I'm allergic to pot, too.
But my whole point, and this is the biggest thing with... In fact, I've been listening to a lot of history podcasts, and maybe I'll plug them later.
But...
The biggest thing for anyone, if you want to look at what's going on in business right now, if you want to look at what's going on in politics right now, if you want to see, is A or B going to work, look to about 100 to 80 years ago.
And then tell me, will it work?
Oh, it's the same idea, it's the same idea.
Yeah.
I think in this year, 2010, the question is not will it work, but will it blend?
Alright.
Thank you for letting me rant.
You're welcome.
Just the biggest thing is that if you want to see if something's going to work now, look to the past.
Frisbee in our chatroom says, OLR with weed is Orange Lawn's foodio.
Like I said, just like every other week.
Have you ever done OLR on weed?
You boys like Mexico?
And by the way, one last little political snipe.
Yes?
If you want to see what, you know, for all the advocates that were voting for unregulated business, look back to Carnegie and to Rockefeller and see how well people fared when they were in control of unregulated business.
Everything in moderation.
Exactly.
Moderate, moderation.
That's redundant.
I know.
Your redundancy is repetitive.
Let's move on.
Release dates.
Lead is coming out November 4th.
Just kidding.
All right.
What's coming out in the U.S.?
You know, that's kind of odd that it's timed right with the Kinect.
It works off weed.
Now, anyways.
There's lots of stuff actually coming out this week.
It's a pretty decent release week, which is good because next week, there's not a whole lot.
So this week, we've got Sin and Punishment Star Successor.
Actually, it's not this week.
That's today!
So you've missed out on it already, possibly.
and you wasted your whole day watching the Mario Marathon and you could have been playing Sin and Punishment.
At least it's a good cause.
Yes.
Death Smiles Limited Edition making its way out to the Xbox 360 this week.
A pretty awesome shmup game.
Definitely worth picking up and plus you get a
99 Nights 2, Now With More Nights
Coming to Xbox 360 99 Nights 2 Night Harder
99 Nights 2, Electric Boogaloo Singularity on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Might call that Time Shift 2.
The Last Airbender, the game based off the movie, based off the anime, based off another game.
That's on DS and Wii.
I'm sure it's going to be so much better than the ones based off the animated series.
Sniper Ghost Warrior on PC and Xbox 360 Sniper Ghost Warrior?
Yes.
They're reaching for titles.
It sounds like a sci-fi movie starring Deborah Gibson and Tiffany.
They're like ghosts because they hide in the shadows and snipe you in the head.
I gotta start that tangent again about why they need to make games out of sci-fi movies.
Did you hear the one this week about Debbie Gibson and Tiffany being in a movie together?
I saw that article and I was just like, I don't care.
You know what though?
I do agree with you because cheesy games do end up being pretty cool.
Which is why, once again, I must urge you, D3 Publishing, bring over the simple series.
Come on, you know you wanna.
And I know Oni Chambara didn't really do that well.
All you need to do is put more levels and they only have to be that different.
Just more levels, completely forget the last games existed, add a few different enemy types.
I think you should make a level editor in there and four player co-op.
and 4Player System Link or 4Player Over Live.
Gold!
Speaking of ludicrous, you might like this, Loki.
I was listening to Bobby's show on the way over here in the car on the handy-dandy All Games iPhone app.
And he was talking about risk factions.
And I'm kind of paraphrasing here because I haven't played the game myself, but he did.
But he was talking about how, you know, there's classic risk in there where you can play as all the different countries and da-da-da-da-da.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So you can lead an army of cats against an army of zombies.
Amazing.
So we need more cheesy games like Tachyon starring Bruce Campbell.
President Cat, hello, whatever happened with that?
Don't think I ever forgot.
I mean, look at the symbol series over in Japan.
On the PlayStation 2, they've released like a good 50 games at least.
In that series, for like 20 bucks, they just take these really weird independent games, I guess, and then throw them out there.
I mean, they have what?
They have one with nurses with miniguns mowing down zombies.
They have zombies versus ambulance!
You drive an ambulance and you run over zombies!
It's awesome!
And then, you know, there's actually a lot of games with zombies now that I think of it for the simple series, because there's only Chambara, which is basically you fighting zombies with a samurai sword and a chick wearing a bikini and a cowboy hat.
Um, but Earth Defense Force is so awesome, though.
It's an incredible game, and I really want to go back and play the PlayStation 2 version of Earth Defense Force 2 because they have, like, a chick with a jetpack you can fly around as.
Um, they have these different, um...
different looking characters I mean they're the same like they have the robot types and the UFOs and stuff like that but the one robot type in there kind of looks like a tripod from War of the Worlds and that's really cool and it's just the whole point is cheesy stuff even like you know Zombies Ate My Neighbors a perfect example of how you can make a game that's cheesy that parodies a bunch of like you know old sci-fi horror movies I think it's a great idea but anyways we're getting on a tangent here so
OLR Tangents?
No, never.
More stuff coming out this week.
Fallen Earth Blood Sports on PC.
Kind of wonder what sports are they playing in Fallen Earth?
I don't know.
It doesn't say.
I think it's an expansion.
DarkSakura
Let's see, what other fun stuff do we have here?
Oh yeah, just sing with microphone for the DS.
So you can sing karaoke on your DS.
So just dance, but sing?
Not quite.
Different company.
I wonder if you can sing brew.
Naughty Bear on PlayStation 3.
There's a lot of those in San Francisco this weekend.
Did you see the trailer for that?
That looks like fun.
No, I haven't seen it.
I'll YouTube it right now.
It's like Hitman with teddy bears.
You're trying to get revenge on all the other little teddy bears in the village and the whole point is to be as evil as possible.
You have an evil meter, or naughty meter.
and, like, you can kill them, but you get more points for torturing them and being witnessed torturing them.
So it's Overlord with teddy bears.
It's beautiful.
It's horrible and beautiful at the same time.
I love it.
That looks like Crackdown 2.
Oh, wait, this is an ad.
Fucking YouTube.
Hold on.
Crackdown 2 is an excellent game.
That'll be coming out next week on the 6th.
Yeah, but that's not what I want to see the video for right now.
I want Naughty Bear.
But it's way better than Naughty Bear, sadly.
Naughty Bear, though, you can set traps for them and get their feet caught.
Do you know how much fucking traffic those Naughty Bears caused in San Francisco today?
I had to go around.
Okay.
Oh, here we go.
Naughty Bear.
360.
Shut up.
The game revolves around earning naughty points and a scoring system that is deep but easy to understand.
There are over 250 different ways of being naughty on the island.
Basically, you earn points for any naughty things you do and any naughtiness that the other bears witness.
Any actions, even basic ones like disabling a car or smashing a window, will start building your multiplier, and this will boost your points for as long as you keep your naughtiness going.
There are dozens of weapons to use, from pistols and machetes to more unusual weapons like umbrellas and frozen legs of lamb.
There are also mundane everyday objects like refrigerators, cars, and barbecue grills to experiment with, each one having its own hilarious finishing move.
You know who needs to narrate this game is Super Nanny.
You've been extremely naughty.
Go sit in the naughty corner.
...and they'll give you way more points as they witness all the chaos you're causing.
Part of the fun of the game is discovering all the different actions that you can do, each one viciously naughty in its own special way.
You can play the game any way you want to and do what you think is best for your current situation to get the most points out of it.
Keep in mind, though, that taking risks, being creative, and changing your tactics often will reward you with a lot more naughty points.
PS3 and Xbox 360
I gotta say, I might have been joking about this, but now it sounds kind of cool.
Thank you, Jamie and Matt for pointing this one out.
A couple expansions being released this week for Arma 2, Operation Arrowhead, and Combined Operations on the PC.
Junior Classics, Books and Fairy Tales.
That's crap.
Hot Shots Tennis coming out on PSP.
Trinity Universe, another kind of culmination of a bunch of different RPG franchises, including Nippon Ichi and... I want to say, like...
It's kind of the people behind the other crossover games like, not Namco X, Capcom, but Cross Universe, that kind of stuff.
But that is coming from Nippon Ichi, and it'll be fun.
Lots of Disgaea stuff in there.
TNA crossed the line on PSP and DS.
Vampire Legends The Power of Three It's an adventure game featuring vampires.
Yay.
What more can I say about that?
Nothing.
And...
That's it Question from our chatroom at chat.orange.com SSJ100 Matt says, do the bears wear a space poncho?
This is relevant to my interests No Oh, APB, coming out this week Really?
Awesome MMO game Plus, I love the fact that you pay for your time So it comes with 50 hours free If you play like I do, that will last you for a long, long, long time Yeah, about a week
Depends on who you are, I suppose.
But you can pay the time, or you can pay a more traditional monthly fee.
Yeah, you can pay a monthly fee, you can pay for just hours.
It's pretty cool.
And the game is pretty awesome.
Yeah, I was in the beta.
It was okay.
It needed a little bit more polish, but it looks like... Betas do.
Yeah, if you're a GTA or a Saints Row fan, you'll probably like it.
If you're not, you'll probably just be really confused by it.
Shall we go to Japan and check out the Japanese releases then, if Loki's all done?
We shall.
Alright.
Going to Japan and checking out what's coming out on their systems.
You know, sometimes they get stuff before we do, but sometimes they get stuff after we do.
BlazBlue Continuum Shift gets its release in Japan this week on July the 1st.
That comes in a limited edition or a version with a fighting stick.
Yay, high scores.
Big, big release on the 360 over there in Japan this week.
Going to the PlayStation 3, I think it's pretty much the same story.
Yeah, BlazBlue, Continuum Shift is also coming out over there.
That is also the big PS3 release.
White Knight Chronicles 2 is next week, though, and there's a part of me that's kind of like, wow, already?
Like, the first one didn't come out that long ago.
Anyhow, nothing new on the Wii this week.
That's kind of surprising, but there is no new games on the Wii this week.
Still some games coming out on the PlayStation 2, including Sacred Rider X-E-C-H-S.
I would say Shex.
I'll take Shex for 100, Alex.
Sacred Rider Shex.
I want to take your mother ass.
I'll take an old bum cover.
You ready for Orange Lounge Radio Tangent?
Because seriously, seriously, Jamie, this is like the funniest thing I saw all week.
The rapist for five bucks.
Next to the dog shitting at the Vuvuzela, this was the funniest thing I saw all week, okay?
There's Alex Trebek, I guess, on Jeopardy this week.
There was a category that was like auto-tune questions.
Oh no.
And so Alex Trebek's voice was all auto-tuned.
It was hilarious.
You gotta...
I'm going to have to YouTube that.
Tiger Claw will have a link in five seconds.
Just wait.
And we'll play it on the show here in a minute.
All right.
So Sacred Rider Shreks is coming out this week.
I don't know the rest of it, but my mother's a whore.
and Sacred Rider Shaxx.
Troops of otherworldly aliens are invading Earth.
To protect the planet and humanity, six chosen youths are recruited into the Sacred Rider team under you, their commander.
That's right, they are under me, their commander.
Why don't you get under, Shaxx?
Are you a bad enough dude?
Alright, joke's old.
I like it when my team is under me.
Moving on to the PSP.
Some games coming out on the PSP.
Hanayaka Kana Warega Ichizoku comes out on the PSP.
I don't have any clue what that game is, but it looks like a game about a train conductor and a samurai, if the box art is any...
I don't know.
I got nothing.
They're really pimping up those train sims, man.
Secretly they're friends.
And then one more, and then I got something for DarkSakura.
Oh, you wanted to see the box art for that game.
Oh, here we go.
Hanayaka Kanawarega Ichigosu.
See a train conductor and a samurai.
What's that look like to you?
Jamie knows some obscure shit.
I think that that's off of a manga.
Really?
But I know that there were a couple about... I think that that one's off of a manga.
So a samurai and a train conductor walk to a bar.
Also keep in mind that when trains... Here's another history lesson.
The very end of the samurai era in Japan...
was along the lines of the industrialization when they started getting train lines and everything.
So it makes sense.
All right.
So just so you guys know, the official Orange Lounge Radio Game of the Week we want released in the U.S.
because, you know, we were the show that started the whole President Cat thing.
So I think once in a while we do need to mention games that ought to come out here in the U.S.
I'm going to give that to Sacred Rider Shecksh.
Alex Meets Auto-Tune, you have to identify the song I am performing with technological help.
I have to try Alex Meets Auto-Tune 200.
Pay attention, players.
And the child takes the nurse.
The child takes the nurse.
I pull the carrier.
The child takes the nurse.
Paul.
What is The Farmer in the Dell?
Right.
Alex meets Autotune 400.
Listen.
I come from Alabama with my bench on my knee.
I'm going to Louisiana, my true love for to see.
Paul.
What is Oh Susanna?
Right.
Back to Autotune 600.
In the beauty of the sea, Christ was born across the sea with a glory in his bosom that transfigures you and me.
Paul.
What is the Battle Hymn of the Republic?
Oh, you got it in just in the nick of time.
Well done.
That's what she said.
I didn't even have to say it!
I'm sorry.
I give up.
I pass the crown to Loki.
I'm done.
I just think it's awfully sad that it took him that long to figure out what the song was.
Salacious Pop in our chat says, this is the worst thing I've ever heard.
Was this for real?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
Shameless promotion.
Next week, we'll have the auto-tuned version.
One of the segments I always wanted to do on this program was Xtifer auto-tunes the Wii releases for the week.
And have the IMT, because there's an app on the iPhone called IMT Pain.
And we would actually have Xtifer sing what was coming out on virtual console for the week.
And then we would play that on the show.
But it just didn't work out.
Maybe in the future I am not opposed to Extifer and Autotune coming back for another segment on the show FUs of the week In Autotune Whole show in Autotune No Alright, DarkSakura, what's coming out in the UK?
Stuff.
Oh, yeah.
You want to know what stuff.
Arma 2, Operation Arrowhead, TNA Impact, Cross the Line.
Those are on the 29th.
On July 2nd, we have APB, Dragon Ball Origins 2, Pro Cycling Manager 2010, Tournament of Legends on Wii, Tiger Woods, PGA Tour 11, blah, blah.
That's it.
A couple more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
The game that DarkSakura says, hey, hey, listen, you should play this game.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Well, Microsoft, of course, didn't reveal anything 3D, I guess, this year.
But they're basically quoted as saying, we have the attitude that we're seeing what the adoption looks like of 3D.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's really expensive and kind of unnecessary for 3D right now.
Unless you're going the route of 3DS.
Because I'm not buying a new TV for some fucking 3D game.
Nor am I buying really fucking expensive glasses.
And I seriously don't understand why they're not doing the fucking... What is it?
The Disney system that they have where those really cheap-ass glasses out there... I don't remember what it's called now.
But I've quoted it on the show.
I don't either.
Um...
Thanks for watching!
But the thing is, is that the cost of technology, especially in television, tends to fall down quick.
Like, I can remember a time only about four or five years ago where HD TVs cost shit tons of money like these 3D TVs do now.
I think in four or five years, 3D TVs will be fairly common.
And it makes sense for Sony to be pushing 3D in their gaming because they sell 3D TVs.
They're an electronics company.
Thanks for watching!
I mean, that's a big selling point.
And to add the 3D technology to it, I mean, it would be dumb not to do it.
But, is anyone, I mean, is everybody going to really jump on board with this?
Probably not, because honestly, yeah, it's kind of cool, Killzone 3 and stuff like that, but
Thanks for watching!
I gotta say the first time you see the 3DS you're gonna be like holy shit but I think even then you know even the 3DS is gonna be like okay it's a gimmick but it's a really good gimmick and I think especially the games to back up the gimmick are gonna make that system last but I think Nintendo's taking the right approach they're gonna make 3D affordable it's just they're gonna go on a smaller scale with it and if that's not for you you don't have to use it you don't have to use the 3D and at the end of the day it's just a more powerful gaming system for them
I think Microsoft will just wait until the next cycle of the game consoles, the Xbox 720, if you will, before they jump in on this.
I don't think so.
And here's why.
It's because they already have games that support 3D.
Not necessarily that they're going to be jumping on board with everything supporting 3D.
Game companies out there right now can use 3D.
For example, Avatar that came out on Xbox 360.
and DarkSakura.
All those Sony will like to spin it that it's going to be 3D on their system to make it seem like it's not going to be on the other systems.
But, I mean, it's capable of doing it.
It's just they may not be just jumping on board with the, oh, look at all these games that are in 3D.
Like you probably won't see any Xbox Live Arcade games come out 3D.
DarkTetsuya says I do want to see Tron in 3D though I want to see Geometry Wars updated for 3D BlackWolf, the man who does the show before us here at All Games Radio says force feedback in a controller was also a gimmick just saying, but it was a cheap gimmick still is a gimmick no, I get what you're saying though I do think though the whole 3D thing
It'll be cute for a while.
You remember when Sony... Never forget!
You remember when Sony said, Hey, force feedback's just crap.
We didn't really need it.
I do remember.
Yeah, it's overrated.
You don't need this.
Because they, you know, didn't pay somebody for the rights.
We were the pioneers of force feedback, but you know what?
That is so last gen.
That was so 1998, okay?
This is the PS3, bitches.
It's all about Six Axis now.
How many of those games support Six Axis?
Oh yeah, not a lot.
Six Axis now, that's a cheap gimmick right there.
But hey, thanks to Six Axis, I can move my head around in LittleBigPlanet.
Yes, thanks to Six Axis, I can wave my little fake hand in LittleBigPlanet.
What an amazing fucking feature.
Alright, one story I got for you guys and we'll get to the classic game of the week.
Nintendo has made an admission, oh my god, and heaven forbid, it's Reggie Fils-Aim talking to Kotaku has said, we look at what we do well, we look at what we don't do so well.
DarkSakura.com
Good job.
Let's applaud.
The first step is admitting that you have a problem.
Good job, Nintendo.
Thank you.
11 to go.
I think we all know that Nintendo just throw the damn friend codes thing out.
Just copy Xbox.
Fuck, Microsoft's been copying you for how long, Nintendo?
How long have they been copying you?
Just steal from them.
It's okay.
We will forgive you because you'll still be giving us Kirby and Donkey Kong and you'll get up on stage and say, and here's a new game, and here's a new game, and it'll be fine.
Just steal Xbox Live.
It's fine.
Nobody's going to give you shit.
Alright, now's that part of the show where we're going to take a step back in gaming's history and DarkSakura is going to open up the vault and say, hey!
Hey listen, you kids Hey, listen Are playing these newfangled 3D games in your Kinect But you know what, you need to take a minute Or five, or twenty To go back and play a classic game It's DarkSakura's classic game of the week What have you picked for the lovely audience tonight?
The game of the night is Die Hard Arcade, a.k.a.
Dynamite DECA.
Yippee-ki-yay.
Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker.
So, yeah, basically, the game has the guys landing on, you know, a...
A building, and the main hero, his name was actually, what was his name, Bruno, I think.
Bruno Dellinger.
Anyway, but he looked a lot like the character of John McClane, so they made it, they said it worked.
And he's also landing on a building and fighting his way through the building to save the president's daughter from terrorists.
It's always the president's daughter.
I know, what'd she do?
But you have different quick time events in there and different cut scenes so you'd have to hit a button in a particular time limit to defeat the enemy or you'd have to, you know, so that you can avoid, you know, actually taking extra time to fight them.
So it actually plays though like a little brawler.
Like a...
I've never played this, but it's very Final Fight-ish.
Yeah.
But it's room-to-room type of thing.
And also, it was out for the AM1 systems when it was out in the arcades.
And it was also partially developed by Sonic Team.
You know, the amazing Sonic Team.
At any rate, the sequel, Dynamite DECA 2, came out on Dreamcast as Dynamite Cop.
And it actually, to draw another parallel, it actually resembled Speed 2 Cruise Control.
Here's some of the sequel here we've got.
I think it was really cool.
We've actually got Dynamite DECA 2.
Why would somebody try to emulate Speed 2 Cruise Control?
No idea.
Yeah.
but um with the sequel it's you know more having to save people but you also have a female character in that one so instead of just the two dudes and you can um you can actually uh handcuff them as you're going through the game too so it's it's just a fun good old punch them in the gut game
As far as other versions, Sega Ages on PS2 had a Die Hard Arcade version.
But, I mean, honestly, and for the record, Die Hard Arcade actually came out on the Saturn.
So, of course, it stands to reason that Dynamite Cop would be on Dreamcast.
I like the disco floor in that one.
But, yeah, they're just a couple of really fun games.
I'll put this under Dynamite DECA series.
All right, the Dynamite DECA series, but you might notice Die Hard Arcade on the Sega Saturn.
And Dynamite Cop on the Dreamcast.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Enjoy.
Go beat some people up in the context of a video game.
However, don't just go outside and beat people up because that would be wrong.
Although, I don't know, maybe DarkSakura would approve of that depending on what they're saying.
I do not advocate going and beating people up.
Really?
I agree with hitting idiots over the head with the thin end of a fishing pole.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break, you guys, and we will be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We have plenty more to come in Part B tonight.
We have some more stories for you guys, some quick stories, of course.
We're going to do Twitter topics, so make sure you get those in.
We're going to be talking about new plans for the FBI to step up anti-piracy.
We're going to make Loki talk about that tonight.
That'll be fun.
Lots of comic book related stories coming too, so stay tuned, guys.
We will be right back in a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio We are here live taping our 372nd episode I think if I got count correctly Yes, 372 Here for June the 27th of 2010 Which is technically our 8th anniversary show You know 8 is just one of those numbers It's like, you know, 8's not that special Unless you're talking about the old show 8 is enough Or 8 is enough, alright
Anyhow, we're going to get back into some gaming news here of course I do want to make sure I plug real quick Because something I didn't talk about during my gaming week But one of the other games I played was Pinball this week Pinball FX, specifically on the Xbox 360 Because the big battle is going on right now I don't know if you heard over at All Games I believe the folks at Dead Pixel Live are really kind of the brains behind this But they're putting together this whole big battle between the various shows
And I believe some of the events just wrapped up I think the Soldner X and the Battlefield Bad Company ones were supposed to be ending this weekend So I think they are done I haven't heard anything about the results because I've been out of town But from what I understand, at least what the leaderboards say right now Dead Pixel Live is in first place with 108 points Guess how many points we have?
Zero Six
Okay, I'm just going to chalk that up to the fact that, you know, we got on this a little late and our listeners probably don't really have the Soldier X2 and the Battlefield Bad Company, but look, we can do better, OL Army, at the pinball games.
So, Zen Pinball, the Earth Defense Force table, that's on PS3, and Pinball FX, the Buccaneer table on the Xbox 360, those are on the systems that are going on right now.
So, check it out.
Now YYR in chat says, ugh, I tried registering for the big battle on Friday and I never got the friend request.
I would have been first on Soldner X2.
Unfortunately, dude, you might have just got in a little late.
And you know what?
Let's not forget, and I think one kind of like oopsie mistake that might have been made with this whole thing is that it was set up during E3, and then I think Derek, who was kind of putting this together, went to E3.
So, you know, there might have been some kinks in it the past couple weeks, but it will be better, I'm hoping.
I'm sorry about that, YYR.
Maybe we'll have to contest the results.
I don't know.
I don't know if I want to put up a stink, though.
I know these things are a pain in the butt to run, though.
All right.
Anyhow, but do sign up for the other competitions, at least the Zen Pinball and Pinball FX.
Actually, I'm looking.
YYR, there might be a reprieve because I'm looking on the main website.
It says Soldner X2 is...
July 9th, 2010 now.
So I think that might have been extended.
YYR.
So it might not be over yet.
That just might be the results from Battlefield Bad Company or something where I know we had one guy saying they were going to play.
So they probably got six points.
So thank you whoever played.
So YYR might not be over yet.
It looks like he might have extended it a week because of all the E3 madness.
So that's cool.
But anyway, you have until the 16th of July to do Zen Pinball and Pinball FX.
So that's thebigbattle.net or I believe another way to access that is bigbattle.allgames.com And YYR says, I will double my score.
That's right.
You show them.
I'll double mine.
Show them.
I'll double mine.
Zero times zero is zero.
All right.
Let's see.
Oh, Zappy.
Yes, Zappy is a good buddy at Dead Pixel Live and he's in the chat.
How was the Zappy show?
I didn't get to hear because I was at E3.
But he says, remember Derek's email is radio at deadpixellive.com if you want to know where to complain.
So YYR, if you're mad and your results don't show up, I would file an official grievance with Derek.
but it honestly looks like he just extended it out and that's cool maybe he realized that E3 was not the best time of the year to start something like this alright, anyhow, let's move on I'm going to work on my pinball scores this week so you guys should too I see all of you on my friends list I know the UL Army can do well at pinball what lady?
I've been playing real pinball
Like actual pinball tables?
Hey, Pinball FX and Zen Pinball is fun pinball.
Give it a try.
What real pinball have you been playing?
World Cup Soccer 94.
Since I can't make myself sit down to watch the real World Cup, I've just been living vicariously through pinball.
Cool!
and Revenge for Mars Zappy in our chatroom says the Zappy show got cancelled by work and other problems that's unfortunate it was replaced by the Vuvuzela show actually all week long during E3
Dance Central, a game that was shown off by Harmonix during the Microsoft Press Conference.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
Monkey Island 2 is available on Steam, or at least you can pre-order it.
And what's awesome, though, is if you do pre-order it, you get the first one for free.
And that's awesome, because both those games are excellent, and you should definitely check them out.
The game will be launched on July 7th.
If you happen to pre-order it before then, you will get The Secret of Monkey Island Special Edition for absolutely nothing.
I like Free.
Free is good.
Both games are awesome.
Definitely check it out.
And last but not least, Yut Sato has teased the possibility that Seaman may be returning on 3DS.
Soon you will be able to request that he friend your butt in full 3D.
If you don't know what we're talking about, please go back and listen to last week's show.
I think it came up at the very, very end.
Or maybe that was in the afterbirth.
No, I think we played the thing in the afterbirth that it came up on the show.
There you go.
Excellent.
Alright, some more news for you guys.
I wonder since it does have a human face on the front, if you can capture your face for the Seaman.
So you could be your own seaman.
You could friend your own butt.
Okay.
I bet there's a lot of people that would like to do that.
Alright, moving on.
Rock band news and the songs that are coming out this week.
Guess what?
Coming out June 29th.
It is all about Nickelback.
I thought this was not 2002.
Burn it to the ground, figured you out, never again, photograph, rock star in this afternoon.
All of those songs are coming to Rock Band this week.
Do you know what version of photograph they should do?
What?
The Def Leppard.
And this will forever be known as the week that Rock Band sucked.
Sorry, guys.
Now with jumping shark action.
MDK 2 is going to be released on WiiWare.
Remember MDK?
This game came out years ago.
Years ago.
I didn't realize it was a BioWare game.
Go figure.
Well, it's an action slash shooter slash puzzle.
You know what?
It was a really cool game.
And it's going to be coming out on WiiWare, apparently.
And they're also going to be releasing one on the PC via what's called the Beamdog Distribution Service.
I've never heard of this, but it was founded by somebody who used to work with BioWare.
So, big surprise there.
So, now, by the way, MDK2, that was kind of a game that was out before.
You can get that on Steam or good old games.
Those are available in both places there.
I like the first one.
I'm not too big of a fan of the second one, though.
All right, well, this is something pretty cool.
A little YouTube that was kind of circulating the Internet, and it even made its way to Loki's Twitter.
Yeah!
And it's this guy, he's playing Team Fortress 2 And apparently this Team Fortress 2 level had a giant cat That would shoot lasers out of his eyes And there were bees in the level Yeah, this is some server that I guess you can play on
It's basically an achievement map that you can run to play different things.
But the guy that created the map also created a special trigger that you can trigger by firing in the corner of one of the spots in the map there.
And that cat will come out and just destroy everything.
Oh my god, bees!
But it's hilarious.
He shoots bees at you.
That's not a nice thing to do.
There's a different video of that same thing, though, where this guy is getting sucked into the cat's mouth.
It's awesome.
Why do I never play this game?
I like Team Fortress 2.
It was dirt cheap on Steam for a while, Rob.
It still is.
It's on sale.
It's in the orange box.
I've got Team Fortress 2.
I'm going to have to pick it up.
You guys need to play.
Do you want to play Team Fortress 2 together?
Because I bet we'd both suck at it.
Oh, my God, yes.
Come on.
Come on.
I'll teach you.
I play still.
But you know who I took?
There's two characters I totally want to play, and one is the spy, and the other one's the scout.
All right.
We're going to play this game.
We're going to play it.
For real.
For real.
This week, we're playing Team Fortress 2.
We just shook on it.
DarkSakura.
The same way we're going to open my two magic decks and play them, huh?
No, we didn't shake on that.
We shook on this, though.
That's happening.
All right.
No going backs on shakies.
That's right.
You know what?
We're going to go back and play a game like it's 2007, y'all.
Did Drunami bring a magic deck with him?
That's my high school deck.
I need to double check this.
All right.
Green, red?
Fires.
DarkSakura, stop playing with the magic deck and do your quick news.
Then we'll get to the tweeter topics.
Well, I approve of that deck, by the way.
That's the same type of deck I would have played when I was in college the first time.
So, as far as news goes, Final Fantasy Tactics is coming out for the iPhone and iPod Touch on the 15th of September.
Don't know how much it is, but it's gonna be out.
So for those who liked it, yay for you.
I don't like it, but I'm not a Tactics fan.
Yay for you.
Rob, I can never be anybody but me.
I do love the way you report news on this show.
I don't give a shit, but if you like it, then yay for you.
If you're into crap, then you like crap.
Have fun.
I will never say that Final Fantasy Tactics is crap.
However, I'm not a tactics fan.
I like tactics I wouldn't consider myself a foamy at the mouth raving fanboy but I like it and I would once the iPhone 4 comes out with a processor well I mean I'm sorry it's out once I'm able to actually get one without having to wait in a five hour long line I will pick up the game probably
Well, in other news too, EA requested a trademark application for Alice Madness Returns.
We have an American McGee fan.
I love you.
Okay, I need to go back and watch them.
Yes, but the ones... That's where that went.
The last episodic thing on YouTube I watched any of, Rob, was Hope is Emo.
Marvel Costume Packs
So, and from what I can see on this little silhouette thing, I definitely see a Wolverine.
I see a Storm.
I see a Dr. Octopus.
I see a Spider-Man.
I see a Human Torch.
There's bound to be a Captain America.
There's an Iron Man.
I know my Marvel shit well too much.
They had a Captain America.
They showed off some of the costumes a while back.
And I know there was a Captain America in there.
Captain America, Daredevil, Doctor Octopus, Electra, Ghost Rider, Green Goblin, Hulk, Invisible Woman, Iron Man, Human Torch, Magneto, Mystique, The Punisher, Rogue, Spider-Man, Storm, The Thing, Thor, Venom, and Wolverine And a partridge in a pear tree My two favorite characters are not on this list
Deadpool, Blasphemy
Poo!
Oh, and by the way, plug, plug, plug, my interview with Jim McCann, who is the writer of Hawkeye and Mockingbird, is on geeklife.com.
Geeklife had the interview with the naked chick, too?
Yeah, the naked gamer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There you go.
That was ratings right there.
Good job.
geek-life.com I left an uber comment on one of the stories this week.
You guys were reminiscing.
I don't know if you were in it, Jamie.
I can't remember.
But you guys were reminiscing about classic films.
Yes, I picked Transformers the movie.
Ah, that's right.
I do remember reading that.
I left an epic comment about my love of a certain 80s movie.
I was going to pick Xanadu.
I wish I'd been able to go Xanadu Xanadu
Alright, are we done with the quick fire news here, rapid fire news?
Um, yeah.
Alright, we're gonna get to Twitter topics, but first, I needed to play this for DarkSakura.
I'm sorry guys, I have to.
She is waiting in her bed to be murdered by her husband.
Hold on, let me start this over.
Meet Desdemona from Shakespeare's Othello.
She is waiting in her bed to be murdered by her husband.
This fate could have been avoided if she had a sassy gay friend.
What are you doing?
What?
What?
What are you doing?
Othello has ordered me to bed.
Yeah, well he's also ordered a pillow at Bed Bath and Beyond that's good for smothering.
So Tina Turner, we gotta private dance it outta here.
Why would he do that?
I have been faithful to him.
I know that, and you know that, but somehow your handkerchief ended up at Cassio's place.
So now Othello thinks your fingers have been all over Cassio's keyboard, so we gotta go!
I can understand why Othello would think that.
What?
First of all, stop saying Othello.
It sounds pretentious.
Second of all, what?
Some guy ends up with your handkerchief so your husband gets to murder you?
No.
I gave a cough drop to King Lear last week.
Does that mean I had sex with him?
No.
And I never would, because one, he's crazy.
Two, he wears pleated pants.
Why are you still in the bed?
All right, okay, you're right.
I'll go with you.
This is great.
I'll go with you.
Goodness.
Othello called me, though.
Oh, God.
He said I was false as hell.
False as hell?
Wow, he is black.
Speaking of which, does more mean more?
Oh, okay, now I'm being racist.
I'm such a stupid bitch.
I'm a stupid bitch.
There you go.
Now you've seen it.
By the way, that's the funniest one by far.
Otello's the funniest one.
Don't bother with the new one.
It's terrible.
What we need to do is harness the energy now from William Shakespeare rolling in his grave.
We could power this show for a year.
Alright, I apologize for ruining the show with Sassy Gayfriend Don't say it's hella, it makes you sound pretentious Look what I started That's gonna be me at work tomorrow Don't say that, it makes you sound pretentious Why are you still in the bed?
Alright Hey, how about the tweets?
Twitter.com slash OLR is where you can follow us on Twitter.
And you can send us some tweets.
Show us your tweets.
We like it when you show us your tweets.
Some folks are tweeting us stories we already talked about tonight.
So thank you.
Actually, we're going to get to some of these in a little bit, like the story that Alpha Pananagram linked us.
We're going to get to that in just a minute.
But let's see.
Jackson Man is passing along a congrats.
Been a fan since 2004.
Love you guys.
You all make getting older easier to deal with.
That's actually a really nice compliment.
YYR wants us to know, Sharpshooter and Falling Score contests are open.
Win $20 in Microsoft Points.
Both games now available.
Details at www.yyrgames.com So Sharpshooter, I guess, got released finally.
That's good.
Because he was showing that off at PAX East and looked kind of like the Hogan's Alley-ish kind of game, if you remember those.
I don't want to say maybe point blank, but a little bit like that.
That sounds like fun.
So check that out.
I like shooting games that don't have a dog laughing at you.
Those are indie games on Xbox Live, by the way.
You don't play them on the web.
You have to download them on the Xbox.
But they're super cheap.
Like, falling was like a buck.
Alright, Blade 3 says it would be cool if you could explain this whole iPhone 4 death grip thing I keep hearing about.
Okay, I don't have an iPhone 4, but I... Yes?
Dan and I actually wrote a press release about this.
Okay.
Basically, if you hold your iPhone forward in a particular way, you lose all reception.
It's just by holding it.
It doesn't matter what way you're pointing.
It matters how you hold it.
So when that was brought up to the powers that be, they said, Sorry.
In the press release.
Sorry.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
and DarkSakura.com
Uh, alright, Redertainment tweets us, has Consumer Reports looked at the new 360 Slim, don't call it that, comparing it to the older 360 and the PS3 in relation to error rates and graphics?
I don't know if they've had time.
Like, a lot of those types of things take time to really test.
So I don't know if they've really figured that out yet, but as far as Consumer Reports goes, no.
I would love to hear though if the 360 has as bad of a failure rate, but we're not going to know for a year.
You know, it takes a little while for those things to fail.
I doubt it.
Give it a week.
That's true.
My first Xbox I ever had failed in days.
Well, here's the thing.
They've already been showing some stuff about it.
It will shut off if it gets too hot before it gets to the fail point.
Thanks for watching!
So that was our last tweet, by the way.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to send us a tweet to read in a future week.
Alpha Cananagram in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com says, It's antenna basics.
Don't touch antenna on radios else you lose reception.
But are these people not using cases?
Maybe because the cases aren't really out yet?
Is that...
I mean, because I don't have a... Well, I don't know.
Because they were fucking geniuses and put the antenna and the metals on the actual case instead of keeping it internal like everybody else.
I'm hearing about how they show the actual bars dropping, but I'm not hearing about, especially from my friends that own them and are using them, oh shit, I can't make calls because I'm not allowed to hold my phone.
I'm not hearing any of that.
I'm just hearing, oh, the indicator dropped from four to two bars.
But I'm not hearing anyone saying, and it's affecting the quality of my call.
No, AT&T is just affecting the quality of your call.
Well, that's a whole other issue.
It's a feature.
It's a feature.
It teaches you patience.
Let's move on with some other news.
Loki, I can't wait to hear you talk about this next story.
Ah, yes, the White House.
They're planning on increasing FBI anti-piracy by employing over 50 special agents exclusively devoted to pursuing intellectual property investigations operating in field offices throughout the country and for enhanced intellectual property squads.
Ah, yes.
You know what's hilarious?
Kind of sort of ties in with this, I guess.
Um,
There's a lot of piracy out there with BitTorrent and then, of course, Usenet.
There was a website that I used to browse called Newsbin, one of the proprietors of the NZB format.
They got in this big old lawsuit with MPA and stuff like that and got shut down.
I check it today.
NZB, or what was it?
It was Newsbin 2 is back.
So it's like...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Oh, okay.
It'll be interesting to hear how that kind of affects, because don't most of these, if not all of these, pirate the huge operations run overseas?
True, and I would think, if anything, these guys are going to be going after probably actual pirate... well, not actual piracy...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
That would be my guess.
I could be wrong.
Maybe they're going to be employed by the NPA.
That would make sense.
But, I mean...
Great!
More jobs, I guess.
And of course, the ESA, President Michael Gallagher, is very happy that they're doing this.
We deeply appreciate the efforts of Vice President Biden and the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator in their leadership and vision in this critical area.
We also applaud the numerous federal departments and agencies that are committed to protecting intellectual property rights.
Here and in foreign markets, both of which are critical to our industry's continued growth and ability to deliver innovative entertainment experiences.
So, as Andrew said, it's not going to stop anything.
It's not going to slow down anything.
It's really not going to do anything.
But hey, 50 people have a job.
Cool.
Cool.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DC Comics PlayStation Network
That's right.
It makes sense because DC Universe is coming out soon.
So this is kind of one of those.
Well, of course.
So DC Comics is actually coming to the PlayStation Network and you'll actually be able to use the PSP Digital Reader to read between 99 cents and $3 an issue over 80 different titles.
Batman Hush.
Green Lantern Rebirth also I guess there's an exclusive comic available on the PSN it is God of War and they're going to be doing a Resistance comic and Free Realms and I guess a joint Superman Batman title that's only on PSN kind of interesting there's a free 10 page preview of the 700th issue of Superman available on the store now
Not a fan, DarkSakura?
I'm not a DC fan.
The only thing that made me remotely interested in reading anything DC was The Blackest Night, and I tried to read that, and I was like, this is stupid.
I liked some of the writing, I thought it was kind of neat, but for the most part, I just look at most DC stuff and go, brain hurt, miss my Marvel.
So, yeah.
I just don't like... I... I will... Okay, okay.
I have to explain what my love-hate with DC is.
Alright.
They have great characters.
Shitty storylines.
Reinvent the universe every, you know, five minutes.
And I'm like, at least Marvel tries to maintain some degree of continuity along their lines.
One of the comics?
Huh?
Huh?
they try to have continuity in at least one of the comics the other ones go batshit crazy though we have a set universe for this one there are other universes and sometimes they cross over a little bit but you're not completely reinventing the main universe that the stories are told in and on top of that, honestly, they have some really hokey characters and I just could not get into it
and if you like DC, good for you.
I'm glad you like it.
Make mine Marvel.
I will say though, Marvel vs. Capcom 3 looks pretty sweet.
Hell yeah.
Jamie, don't worry if there's a continuity snarl in DC.
They'll just have Superboy Prime punch reality.
No, next time they decide that they don't like the universe, they'll just have another crisis or whatever the crap they do.
Salacious Pop in our chatroom says DC equals meh, DC Vertigo equals A++++ Vertigo, yes.
Vertigo, now I love, I have the Sandman book that Amano did the art for.
I love The High Cost of Living.
That was one of my favorites.
I am totally down with the Vertigo books.
But the main DC, the only thing that I have ever really, and this is my one thing that made me happy, was just Batman and his thing complaining about everybody.
It says, do they know who I am?
I'm the goddamn Batman.
And he hates chocolate.
And Flaming Toilet in our chat room says, all Marvel does is have their flagship character make a deal with the devil.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Alright, let's move on.
I will say I'm not as happy with the Spider-Man books as I used to be, but Spider-Man and the Avengers is freaking sweet.
Alright, let's move on.
DarkSakura, you got another news story for us.
It has nothing to do with comic books, but it's still cool.
I think, anyway.
When I heard about this, I was like, oh, cool.
This is pretty cool.
Basically, the silver lining is actually going to be complete.
That's pretty cool.
It's Phoenix Online.
We're working on this, actually, as a King's Quest sequel, and we talked with them, and we thought they were cool.
Yeah, they were.
Do we have them on the show?
I can't even remember.
I know I went to one of their pressy things.
I think we did have them on the show years ago.
We did.
This was before the first time they got shut down by Vivendi.
Yeah.
Anyway, there's actually, the website is up.
It's www.tsl-game.com and they basically are coming back.
They have a release date of July 10th and made the big statement about it.
And so now it's not, you know, still not King's Quest, but you will be able to assume the role of King Graham when he saves his children, Rosella and Alexander.
From a mysterious curse.
But they don't call it King's Quest.
It's just kind of one of those wink wink.
Yep.
But you know what the best thing about this whole thing is?
It's free.
I know.
And who here likes free?
Me.
Loki's hand is not up.
How is this possible?
Okay, he raised it.
And remember, Yaris doesn't count.
Yeah, Yaris doesn't count.
And it's episodic.
Please, please.
Even that little demo I played of Silver Lining back when the guy was on the show with the interview like four or five years ago, the little demo we played was better than Yaris by leaps and bounds.
So I'm sure the full game is plenty fine.
The art in the game is pretty gorgeous, too.
All right.
Loki, what you got for us?
Yes, there's some interesting stuff coming from Konami.
Mainly just talk about Metal Gear and how well it's going to do for them.
They expect that Metal Gear Solid, the Peace Walker, to sell 3 million copies.
Which is according to their expectations.
And predicting, I guess they're saying that... I wonder if they're talking about 3 million copies...
No, it must not be this month.
No way that it's going to sell that many.
They're also talking about Metal Gear Arcade, which we had heard a little bit about.
Obviously, it was delayed since it didn't come out in March as it was originally released.
The company, though, is putting some extra time on the title, which apparently... I think it's only coming out in arcades in Japan.
Japan.
But at least it's still on the way.
Kind of neat.
Man, it's a bummer all the arcades here have just turned into ticket spitters because some of these games sound sweet.
Yeah.
Alright, another bit of Konami related news has to do with Castlevania Harmony of Despair.
You might remember this was the Xbox Live title that was shown at E3.
It's kind of the Symphony of the Night style graphics, but now it's like a multiplayer and I talked about the Neo Geo effect where things like zoom in and out and all that fun stuff.
Well, it's kind of funny because I kind of got into some words on Twitter this week with somebody who's very anti-Microsoft and is kind of pissed off that Konami won't release this on PSN.
Well,
Hint, hint, hint.
But my thought is, okay, so how are the Sony fanboys who hate Microsoft supposed to get the Microsoft version of this to sell?
Does not compute.
And at the same time, why not just really, I mean, is the game that hard to port?
I don't get it.
What's the problem?
All these other arcade games come out for both all the time I don't know, that comment from Igarashi just kind of I mean, I hate to say it, but it sucks Like, there's something else there he's not saying Something about the business or something, I don't know
Maybe they think people in Japan aren't going to play this because it's on Xbox Live and they're really worried about how it's received and so they don't want to go to PlayStation Network because that's how everybody will buy it in Japan.
Could it be that?
I don't know.
Anyhow, I guess we'll never know.
We'll have to see how the game sells.
But on the bright side, PSN fans, it is part of that whole Summer of Arcade thing going on so, you know,
It probably will do pretty well.
Let's see.
DarkTetsuya says, My guess is it's Konami playing favorites or something similar to what happened in the SNES Genesis days.
It just seems so weird for companies nowadays to just come out and say, Well, we love this system best.
Even though that's kind of what happened at the Sony press conference when Gabe from Valve came out and said, The best version of Portal 2 will be on the PS3.
In so many words.
What?
Were you asleep last week?
Yeah, but the only reason they say... I know, it still boggles the mind.
But here's why they say it's the best version of Portal 2.
It's because it has Steam.
And he got paid a lot of money.
Yeah, that too.
And it was during the PlayStation press conference.
That'd be funny.
He's like, Fuck y'all, it's gonna be Xbox 360.
See ya.
No, but that's the only reason why.
It's because of Steam.
Steam is wonderful on PC, but I don't give a flying fuck about Steam on PlayStation 3, so...
I think it's interesting.
I think the news about the Steam cloud support is almost in a way more interesting than what was said about Portal.
Who cares?
Cloud support!
I can take my save game with me!
Do I really go play in other people's houses on the PlayStation 3s?
No.
Do I actually play in my PlayStation 3?
No.
So why do I even care about the stupid cloud support?
Some people do.
Could they work with the PC versions of the game?
Yeah, I go to Alan's house and back all the time.
I would benefit from that.
I used to go, you know, play games at my friend's house a while back.
You know, wouldn't this have been great when we were all doing our big Bimani swap?
Hell yeah.
We've got everyone's unlocks, yay!
You can just also easily copy a save onto a memory card.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's get to the mailbag!
Every week you guys email us at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and we read some of your emails and read them here on the show for you guys.
We want to read some of our favorites.
I'm taking you over for DarkSakura for one more week and she'll be back to reading next week.
Well, the week after.
Because as you can tell, my voice is a lot better, but it's not 100%.
That's alright, we got some quick emails tonight here, so we're just gonna get through these real quick.
Oh, look at this.
One of our very frequent emailers got his account hacked, because, hi, I would like to recommend you a very good company, and the website is blah blah blah blah blah, cell phones, LCDs, oh, you poor thing.
That's been happening a lot to people lately.
Isn't that weird?
Anyway, I bet you guys really care about that.
Watch your emails!
This email comes to us from TheShadowSniper, and it's not spam.
Just started playing Final Fantasy XIII a couple days ago and I'm about 9-10 hours in the game and there's nothing wrong with it.
Don't know why people are complaining about it.
I've been a gamer for over 10 years and I've seen much worse games than Final Fantasy XIII.
Yeah, I agree, it could have been better, but you can't really expect to have games tailored exactly to your needs.
Why?
Because every gamer will have a different view of any game.
Also, expecting a game to be absolutely amazing will only add to the disappointment when you realize it's not exactly what you wanted and it's not always about what we want because it's impossible to have games tailored exactly to what we want.
We can only hope for the best.
Again, too much hype and expecting too much will only add to the disappointment.
Sorry for the long read.
I could go on and on, but let's just leave it at that.
And you guys have a good night.
Thanks, TheShadowSniper.
Yeah, a lot of people were hating on Final Fantasy XIII, but you know, it did, it was really slow to build.
Like, I think, you know, and this game's been out a couple months now, but I realize, you know, with price drops and everything, folks get into it later on down the road.
It's kind of like, it's like a, I think I called it like a banana or a piece of fruit that peels back its layers very slowly to show all the, you know, different components of it.
Final Fantasy games usually take a little while to get going.
But XIII especially so.
Just saying.
I actually thought though Final Fantasy XIII had a lot in common with VII.
I mean VII was very linear in the beginning of the game too.
And nobody hated on that as much as they're hating on XIII.
Well, actually I take that back.
There's very vocal people that hate on VII quite a bit.
Nobody hated on it back then.
But yeah, they didn't hate on it.
Yeah, at the time it was revolutionary.
Let's go to another email.
We got two emails left.
This one is from... He does not really have a nickname, but he signed it Colby, so we'll go with that.
Colby, hello OLR crew.
I was wondering if you guys could give me some advice.
I'm visiting the Rockland Roseville area.
Oh, this is a local question.
To visit my friend Chris.
I wonder if he wanted this read on air.
Oh, well, the guy who worked at John's Incredible Pizza and recognized you guys a while back.
Remember that?
Yeah, I do.
Yeah, I remember that.
He was cool.
I was wondering if you guys could give me some ideas for things to do.
We've already been to the Golfland Arcade, San Francisco, including the Metreon in Japantown.
I'm so sorry you had to see the Metreon.
You should have seen the Metreon years ago.
And Cusar.
It seems like we have similar tastes and hobbies in general, so I figure there's no one better to ask than you guys.
Ooh, tough questions.
Stars?
Isn't that the name of the place?
The place in Vacaville?
I haven't been there in years.
No, not Vacaville.
I'm talking about the place, the bowling alley in Roseville.
Oh, yeah, the bowling alley out in Rockland, Roseville.
Yeah, Stars, I think.
I think that's the name of it.
Starz is in Vacaville.
Starz is the Vacaville.
There's one in Rockland, though.
Strikes.
That's it.
That's a good place.
They have a good arcade.
If you like the nerdy stuff, Dave & Buster's is now open in Roseville.
I hear it's not that great.
I haven't been there myself yet, but I hear it's kind of eh.
You've got to go to the Jelly Belly Factory out in Fairfield.
Anybody visiting NorCal has got to go to the Jelly Belly Factory and get them some belly flops.
If you're thinking about trekking back over to the Bay Area, if you didn't do the Tea Gardens, I know you said you went to Japantown, but if you didn't do the Japanese Tea Gardens, which are closer, I believe, to Golden Gate Park than Japantown is, you gotta check that out.
Beautiful.
And the pier.
Pier 39 is a great tourist trap.
Have the donuts.
Oh, and um In the bucket Get the donuts in the plastic bucket They're amazing If you haven't though If you haven't ever eaten at a Bubba Gump's And you really like seafood They're actually pretty good And they have a pomegranate margarita That is amazing If Riptide's still there on the pier No, they're not They got replaced by a sports bar It's been a while Yeah They got replaced by a sports bar There's a sports bar there now At least last time I was there
I was there like... We did a live broadcast from there when it was... Yeah.
Never mind.
It's back from B3.
Yep.
And that was when Megumi and I left to go to Japan town on the last day.
I don't know.
Colby didn't say where he was from, so I don't know what he gets in his neck of the woods, but it might be worth it, especially if you're coming during this time of year, drive up the other way.
Instead of going to the bay, drive up the hill and go to Tahoe because they've got some gambling if you're into that, but...
DarkSakura.com
Lots of good stuff.
Or Fort Bragg or something like that.
So that was a very local question.
I hope we gave you some good ideas.
It seemed like he mentioned a lot of nerdy things, so I was trying to make sure we got all the nerd spots out.
But I think we did.
But I do have to say, though, it is... And this is... Kristen and I, we went to Point Reyes and missed the lighthouse while it was open.
But we just sat out on this cliff face, looking out over the ocean, watching the mule deer play, and it was awesome.
If you have a couple days to play with, drive to Disneyland Alright, let's see, let's move on Ray Ayanami saying go to SVGL and play Technica They have that at Roseville Golf Land now, granted it's broken, but you know, still What isn't?
Let's see, moving on, let's go to this last email here
and this email is from is there a signature somewhere here?
Hey OLR, this is MC here, I've never called you guys up on Skype, rarely participated in chat, and certainly never sent an email your way before However, with this being your 8th anniversary and all, I figured it was time to finally jump in and say hello But more so to say thanks for the years of enjoyment you've brought to me and the countless others of the OL Army I first began tuning into OLR somewhere in 2003 Wow, this is this guy's first email
Wow.
That's awesome.
Well, thank you for writing us.
Yeah, I wish you'd done it sooner.
That's okay.
Hell, if I remember how I even found out about you guys, but I think someone mentioned it on a forum.
Maybe my DDR freak, Sig.
Hell, it could have been me.
I'd just gotten a PS2 and DDR Max 2 for a middle school graduation gift and fell in love.
None of my friends were especially interested in rhythm games, much less DDR, so OLR satiated my need for conversation on my favorite topic, music games.
I'd listen whenever possible and upon the advent of the to-go edition, I would download them overnight.
Thank you, dial-up connection.
And listen away during classes.
Perhaps this was detrimental to my grade a bit, but it didn't matter because I had more OLR.
That's really sweet.
Then came the day when it became official that OLR was no longer solely a music game show, but one for all video games.
And that's when I stopped listening.
No, I'm kidding.
Sure, other games had always come into the dialogue of the show, but my young self felt a little betrayed.
Oh, that's sweet.
you know what's funny though he really does have a point like if we wanted to be a music games only show or maybe like a website it would be really easy to do that in fact yeah I've thought about maybe we should take our website back in that direction have a little fun with it kind of like kind of like a site like DDR Freak Bomani style but you know with our eyes open to the fact that you know American audiences play other games too you know I mean maybe yeah but Bomani style kind of does that now they do they do to their credit they do
I've had thoughts on this before.
This is something we'll have to discuss offline.
I remember tuning in for episode 100 and thinking just how awesome it was that the show had lasted that long.
I don't think I ever expected it to still be around as I inched towards the age of 21.
Hell, who could have ever predicted it would get into episodes in the 300s?
It's beyond awesome that you all have the dedication to continue this show and I'm beyond thankful that it's been around.
I'm sure almost everyone, if not all, who listens regularly would reiterate this sentiment in a heartbeat.
We love you, OLR.
No homo.
Sorry, Rob.
There actually is an extra note for me.
I have a note for Rob in particular, so feel free to skip on reading this a bit.
Extra stage, Rob.
Should I read this anyway?
Go for it.
I wanted to personally thank you, not for OLR, but for being who you are.
Yes, that sounds awfully saccharine, but there's reason for me saying this.
Throughout high school, I never had any gay friends, and I didn't know anyone in my family who fell anywhere on the LGBT spectrum.
However, I sure as hell knew I was gay.
DarkSakura.com
happened with or without my listening to OLR, but you really helped me realize it was okay to be me.
So, Rob, I love you in a purely platonic gay bro sort of way.
Thanks for reading.
That's... That's awesome.
That's sweet.
That's very... You know...
earlier in the show I talked about some very unfortunate things that have happened because of OLR but for every bad thing that happens like that there's moments like that and just knowing that there is not just this one particular email but a whole community of people who I know really do support this show and everything we do here the good outweighs the bad
And in that case, the pure evil, honestly.
That was actually really awesome.
That was wonderful.
That was a great birthday present.
Seriously, guys, over eight years, you've touched more hearts and minds than you realize.
And we've touched parts.
And other parts.
It's a little weird to think about because I'm kind of like, well, you know, it's not like we're freaking, you know, Oprah or, you know, a huge show watched by millions.
But it's neat to think that despite the little group we have here has been so thankful.
And, you know, we really do feel that.
It really is the motivation.
Because I'll tell you what, I can't tell you how many times I've been like, and why am I doing this?
Why am I rushing home from San Francisco to do this show tonight again?
and then an email like that shows up and you're like, oh yeah, that's why.
Well, and we've all made a lot of good friends through the show, too.
I mean, Ranma's been slept in my futon.
And, you know, come all that way.
And, you know, and Misty's come and, you know.
And I've met hella people at just shows, which has been great.
Like, you know, just recently at PAX East, there were some people, Gold Anthro, I believe, was telling me, like, dude, because of your show, I started doing podcasting stuff.
And I'm like,
Is there a better compliment you can get?
Yes or no?
I mean, there really isn't.
I mean, that's just awesome.
Actually, one thing that I really want to owe to the show, if I may, is that it actually did a lot in dealing with a little personal self-esteem issue that I used to have where I would freak out if anyone said anything negative about me.
And I would always say, yeah, I don't care, I don't care.
But after actually getting hate mail...
I know, I laugh.
It's sort of like, really cemented it for me that these people don't know who I am, I don't care.
And then after that, getting so much more positive in return and having people go on other forums to smack people down.
And I'm just watching it going, that's so cool.
It's quite interesting.
I mean, and I'm not saying that I'm really the retaliatory type anymore.
But, I mean, just having people that'll just jump to your defense like that, too, is pretty cool.
Abochi Kawan Chat says, Everyone group hug.
Black Wolf says, I was inspired by OLR back in the day.
And that just, like, blows my fucking mind.
Because when I listen to Bobby...
I feel like he's been doing what he's done.
At least, I would think, just listening, he's been doing what he's been doing just as long as we've been doing our show.
So to hear that he was inspired by us is kind of strange to me.
Flaming Toilets' first show was the fuck show.
And keep in mind, everybody, there's going to be more to come.
And Flaming Toilet also says hate mail just means you've arrived.
I know.
Do you know how many times I tried to tell DarkSakura that when the hate mail was coming in?
I'm just like, that means you're popular.
Okay, well, the other thing, too, and now, because keep in mind, I had never actually ever gotten hate mail in my life for anything, so it was kind of a new thing for me, and I know that, like, actual real celebrities go through this, too, but the other thing, too, and this is actually going back in my big history buff, you know, interest, is that typically whenever a woman is outspoken or tries to, you know, run with the boys...
Right, that's exactly it Or, you know, whenever someone has an issue with a woman It's, you know, not maybe because of her political platform or this It's, oh, well, she's a woman, so she's PMSing Or something like that, you know what I mean You know Well, we originally brought Jamie on the show hoping she'd bring us pie But I'm just kidding Rob, you bitch
See, I'm the bitch on this show.
You're a sassy bitch.
That's right.
I'm a stupid bitch.
No, you're a sassy bitch.
Apparently, I'm the bitch.
I'm the one who actually did bring pie on several occasions.
I have brought pie, too.
No, I think we've all brought pie at some point.
I've brought pie, and I've brought cookies.
Ironically enough, Loki's probably the biggest... I have never brought pie.
But you brought bacon.
Super bacon.
Rob, I made you lobster kebabs.
I made you lobster kebabs with risotto so you can't say anything there.
There's our eight year anniversary moment looking back thanks to that email.
That was awesome.
Thank you.
I'll get choked up if I say anymore.
You're feeling verklempt.
Talk amongst yourselves.
I'm going to need a nephew.
I'll give you a topic.
I'm going to need an FUs of the Week segment to find the anger within me because right now I'm being taken over by big fluffy pink hearts and it's pretty disgusting.
Alright.
Well, I was gonna have a big nasty F you, but I'm all full of joy now.
My heart is singing.
It's a flutter with, like, unicorn farts.
OLR, powered by unicorn farts.
Um, I do want to say a big F you to the team that's been coming back in my hand, and also to, um, Aquin, who purchased my company.
I'm gonna go ahead and friggin' say it.
Aquin sucks.
They outsource all of their, um, customer service, and, um, yeah, they suck.
So, I don't care.
and another FU goes to Dust.
Lots and lots of Dust.
But... Anyone?
No?
Dust.
Anyone?
No?
Dust.
But I will have to give an anti-FU.
An anti-FU.
I see.
To finding... To actually having gone down a size, thanks to my raw foodism...
Yay!
Happy birthday!
Yay!
I totally forgot to get into tonight that when I arrived you weren't wearing pants, but that's a whole other story.
Oh yeah, I was wearing shorts.
I know, it was just funny.
I just walked in here, but they were kind of short shorts.
Now I'm like, are you wearing pants?
F you to jury duty and for wasting my time with a civil trial.
It's not going to be pretty.
I actually don't have a lot of FUs this week myself.
Are you done, Loki?
I'm sorry.
I'm done.
I'll have a lot of FUs the week myself.
Things have been pretty good.
Like, you know, it's been my birthday.
Shit.
Like, how can I be in a bad mood?
I saw a lot of awesome people this weekend.
There was a great charity show last night.
I had a lot to drink and then got up on stage with a microphone.
It was awesome.
But... What?
What's that?
Sorry.
DarkTezia says at least it's better than the time she had to hide her bras.
For the record, my bras are hanging up in the bathroom.
I was just in the restroom during the break, but I was gonna be nice and not bring that up this week.
I don't care.
I really don't care.
Well, remember you guys, you can't put a bra in the dryer.
It warps.
We do all the time.
The more you know.
Seriously, word of advice ladies, spend the money on a good bra and get a bra bag, wash it gentle and hang it.
No, trust me.
Trust me.
I have saved myself at least 60 bucks a year in buying bras.
This is what you need to do when the current job fades out and you need to become a spokesperson for the bra bag.
Rob, do you know where I get mine?
Hi guys, DarkSakura here for the bra bag.
I buy my lingerie bags at the dollar store, three for a buck, so don't worry about it.
Maybe I should do a frugal cast.
Alright, you should.
Go back with your FUs, I'm sorry.
Alright, I'm sorry, FUs.
Okay, actually I'm in a pretty good mood, but my one FU is that I've been...
I had this weird thing going on a couple weeks ago that was giving me side pain and I thought I was over it but like once in a while my side will still go boop I hate you boop I hate you and it kind of sucks to have that happen on your birthday but I think it's getting better for the most part but just F you to phantom medical issues all right uh oh we can't forget uh intern Junami Junami do you have any FUs
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Drunk Chicks.
On the internet.
On the internet.
They exist.
Are bad.
And they're bad players.
Who to thunk.
These kids today, Loki, like they just... We don't care that you... Like back in my day, Drunk Chicks... Like I'm even gay and I thought that was awesome when Drunk Chicks would come on Xbox.
We don't care that you spent your Saturday nights partying.
We don't care.
Back in my day, I'd be happy if any chick came on.
Alright, no, I know what you're talking about.
It is annoying.
Alright, let's move on.
Loki, we have just a couple more stories and then we're going to open up the Skype line.
We might have to put a time limit on Skype calls tonight, just so you know, because I know a lot of people want to call in.
So I think we're going to put a three-minute lock on the calls tonight so that we can try and burn through some calls.
So we're going to quickly, quickly do calls tonight because I know a few people want to call in because of the anniversary show.
So a three-minute cap on calls tonight.
Loki...
Yes, this is kind of neat.
You Don't Know Jack is coming back.
Apparently, this was revealed on the Giant Bomb podcast and confirmed on the official Jellyvision site.
They are partnering up with THQ to bring the series back.
Now, more details, I guess, are expected later this year.
And they haven't figured out if it's going to be a new game or just a new way to play the old games like on Xbox Live Arcade or PlayStation Network.
But it's coming back.
That's pretty cool.
And we're all going to get screwed.
Did you say the name of the podcast that announced that was the Giant Bomb podcast?
Yes.
Yeah, we have the theme song, I believe, of the Giant Bomb podcast over here.
Let's tune in here.
If I remember correctly, I believe Giant Bomb is run by Jeff Gerstmann.
Do you remember him?
Little, uh...
Jack the Ride was one that was out and yeah
I remember the short-lived game show.
Oh yeah, the one that was like Pee Wee Herman hosted, right?
I watched a show today.
It's some weird game show.
This is while I was eating chicken wings.
They had a show where apparently it's filmed in LA on a rooftop and they drop things off of a roof while answering trivia questions.
I'm going to out myself as a hella nerd here on the show.
I saw the commercial for that and I'm a little retarded.
but I actually subscribe one of my things I read is a game show blog thing that has all the news on game shows like foreign game show clips and stuff and I was reading about that game sounded kind of dumb though it does sound dumb but you know for people like me who think you know those trivia game shows are kind of dumb it is fun watching things fall off a roof
I heard they pushed Grandma off the roof in one episode.
No, actually, it's kind of cool.
They have people that, you know... Downfall, says Flaming Toilet.
Yes, Downfall.
They do have people that come with them or whatever.
Like, in this case, it was a woman and her husband.
And at one point, the husband does get on the conveyor belt because there's a giant conveyor belt that rolls off the roof.
So if she didn't answer the questions in time, he would fall off the roof.
with a safety harness, unfortunately.
Sweet, I want to go on that show and put Jamie on the conveyor belt.
That'd be awesome.
Yeah, let me think of this question.
Oh, God, I just, I don't know.
What is two plus two?
That's really hard, you guys.
It's math.
Oh, Jamie just fell.
That sucks.
Five?
No?
Ah, damn it.
Take bets on how many times she bounces.
Jamie, this is the worst radio ever, but Jamie is giving me the biggest side eye right now.
That's called the absolute death stare, and it makes Dan piss himself.
Speaking of Dan, he just texted me and says mini-doc.
He's somewhere where there's a mini-derby owners club.
I think he's at Dave & Buster's.
Oh wow, interesting.
Alright.
Is that where you ride miniature horses?
Dwarf ponies.
Mini ponies.
Dwarf ponies.
You know what they need to make?
Do we have Sega employees that listen?
Hey, Sega!
Sega!
Sega!
Listen up, okay?
There's this game you made a while back called Derby Owners Club, okay?
And it's awesome.
And, you know, more arcades need to embrace it.
And, you know, to some extent maybe it should have been out on the home consoles.
At least it's an arcade title, if nothing else.
But what I really think would be awesome, Sega, is if you made Derby Owners Club again, but this time it's unicorns.
Like... Like for the special breeds?
Yeah, no, just all the breeds.
It's Unicorn Owners Club.
No, I think it should be a special breed.
I just, I'm just, just, just think about it.
Like, you know, the special ones, like some could shit rainbows.
Some of them could, you know, like, you know, have sparkle horns.
Some of them could barf love.
And live in harmony.
I was thinking fart glitter.
I think that they should have a derby owners club that's not necessarily limited to horses.
They could have hobos, you know, RC cars, you know, hobos.
Anthropomorphic, you know, plants, I don't know, just ridiculous stuff.
Awesome.
I'm surprised nobody's tried to make that game, the bumfights the game.
I'm really surprised it's never happened.
Although I don't want Sega to make that.
No, Sega, Sega, you need to make Unicorn Owners Club, that's all I'm saying.
What are you doing over there?
I was trying to find my friend's webcomic by googling Hobo Jesus, and instead I found this picture.
I'm linking this in the chatroom.
Speaking of Sega, ironically enough, we do have a Sega story, and this is our last story of the night, and it's kind of funny.
They have announced a new feature for Virtua Fighter 5 Final Showdown.
And I'm like, wow, Virtua Fighter's still around.
But it's coming out in the arcade, Virtua Fighter 5 Final Showdown will be out in the
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DK Lau has earned the Dragon Wing item from a basic capsule rare.
You know what I'd like?
I'd like them to add the feature to make people care about that.
I know.
I'm not that excited.
I'm not that excited about extra Twitter spam, to be honest.
I'm sorry to say.
So there you go.
I don't like that trend
Yeah, and Frisbee in chat actually says, do people hate game updates on Facebook?
How is this any different?
So, yeah, I mean, it's just Twitter spam, honestly.
They're trying to make their game a trending topic.
Flaming Toilet says, really, linking things to Twitter and Facebook isn't a big deal.
Taking a dump is now linked to Twitter and Facebook.
Wow, wouldn't that be great if your toilet sent tweets?
Like, been on can for 10 minutes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the Twitter shitter.
No, no, no.
Oh, someone liked my status and I'm playing a game.
How is that?
I don't know.
I'm still playing a game.
Alright, shall we open up the phones and take some calls?
I think we shall.
Oh my god.
The phone lines are open.
Whatever you want to do, give us a call and we will talk.
In the meantime, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
Never mind, we have a call coming in.
No.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, fellas.
It's DJ Ranma S. Hey, hey, hey.
Don't forget there's one non-fella here.
Hi, Ook-chan.
Hi Ranchan!
How are you doing, Ranma?
I'm doing good.
The point of this call is that right before you announced the 8th anniversary show, I sent a text to my entire staff trying to get them all on Twitter so we can shout and congratulate you guys for 8 awesome years.
Oh, well thank you.
Did it work?
I have with me my awesome Super Producer Sailor Flare with me.
Hi!
Hi Super Producer!
Hello!
Hi, nice to meet all of you.
Hi, nice to meet you.
So you actually work with DJ Ranma S?
Here we go.
Yes.
I am so sorry.
Don't you find him difficult?
Not as sorry as I am.
We think he's awesome.
He's the best New York City guy next to all the other OLR listeners out there.
All right.
I'm just messing.
Well, thank you guys for calling in.
That's very cool of you.
You guys are still doing your thing over there at the Anime Jam, right?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
E3 on an anime show.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
One of our hosts, DJ Synthetic, she's not just an anime fan, but she's our resident gamer girl.
So she handles all the video games and everything for us.
And believe you me, she fangirled more about E3 than all of us put together.
Well, I will say this.
I did check out when I was at Microsoft's booth.
I did look over and I saw a new Naruto game was being demoed.
And it definitely made me think you anime fans.
Yeah, when the Naruto games started coming stateside, a lot of people got happy about it, and some kind of complained because the Japanese voices were eliminated, but give and take.
I call it Fox Boy Ball Z.
Alright, time's about up, Ranma.
I gotta let you guys go.
Wait, wait, wait.
One last thing.
One last thing.
Ranchan, I thought of you earlier today when I was cleaning out the closet.
I found my Tamari fan.
Awesome.
And I found, actually, I just found the rest of my costume.
Cool.
My time jump.
Ranma, we want to hear from your co-host a little more and the chat room is asking, your plug is working.
The chat room wants to know how can they hear to Anime Jam Session?
It's all you, Sailor Flare.
Oh, God.
I think you do this all the time on the show.
I think you should rattle off the list.
I will do the short version.
Oh, God, there's a short version?
Yeah, just go to AnimeJamSession.com or just follow us on Twitter, Twitter.com slash AnimeJamSession.
Alright, plug successfully given.
Alright, there you go.
And also, you guys have something special we threw to you guys on your main page on OLR.com.
An awesome Beatmania sketch.
You may want to check it out after the show.
I saw that.
I haven't had a chance to watch it because I've been tied to my phone all weekend, but I'm going to watch it when I get home.
Alright.
Awesome.
Thank you guys for calling in and good luck with your show, okay?
Thank you.
Bye.
I did really crappy with the three minute time limit on that call.
Alright.
But that's okay.
Well, technically it was two people.
So we'll let it slide.
I should have given him six, but that's okay.
We gave him four.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to give us a call or Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Loki, got something?
We'll wait for a call.
Yes, Zombrek's Dead Rising Sun, the film created by, actually, the creator of Dead Rising, the game, made its directorial debut.
It will actually be coming to North America and Europe this summer and will be released online, possibly as part of the PlayStation Network or Xbox Live.
We got another call on the line, so let me go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Well, hi, X-Link.
How are you?
Hey.
Happy birthday, bladed princess.
For me or the show or both?
Both.
All right.
Well, thank you.
We appreciate it.
Yeah, the guild on WoW calls me princess because I make them.
All right.
Well, we don't want to  No, I did it just to make you happy.
I'm sorry, but your princess is in another castle.
Pretty much.
Look, I don't want to take too much of the three minutes.
What do you want to talk about tonight, X-Link?
I want to talk about the real ID.
Oh, please, please.
I know you feel... At least I know I kind of helped make you... I'm pissed because you're not my real ID friend.
No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I actually have good news for you.
I know one of your gripes was because you couldn't change your name.
Actually, you could, and actually some of the people from Blizz went on some of the forums to let people know, yes, you can change your name, but you would have to call up
Unfortunately, to the 800 number and talk to one of the representatives and have them change it for you because you can't do it manually through their website.
But if you explain to them why, which I'm sure in good terms says you have a show, they will be more than happy to change it over for you.
So you can't get a change.
That doesn't sound too bad.
Yeah, I mean, except for the part of waiting on hold for 30 minutes when I call Blizzard.
Yeah, that would be the downfall.
But at the same time, too, though, they were telling people and people know, hey, look, you can get changed if you need change or if you got married and it's a different name altogether or you want it, you know, but you can't have it something.
I don't think if you want to say, I am an awesome god or, you know, I'm super badass 242.
I'm totally going to call in and tell them I got gay married and I want to change my last name to Roberts and I'll be Rob Roberts.
I'm totally going to do it.
You can do it.
And explain to them.
Say, hey, look, I have a podcast.
And I want to be my pen name instead.
And this is my pen name.
And I'm sure they'll allow you.
There shouldn't be a reason to as to why they want it.
That is actually really fast.
It's interesting.
I still...
Feel strongly that Blizzard is doing the wrong thing overall because this is a huge hurdle that we're having to go over to get the name fixed.
But that's a really interesting development.
I think they took things a little too quickly.
That was my personal issue.
I think they took things a little too quickly and they didn't get a lot of feedback and they just put it out there.
They're like, here you go.
It's all out here.
Have fun.
and a lot of people, like I said before, I know on our guild forum, I love the story.
Somebody was cyberstalked, believe it or not, kind of, in a way, in a way.
It was kind of like done as a prank from another guild member, but it showed that these, like with your story, this type of stuff can actually happen to other people in real life.
And you don't have to be Britney Spears.
Google, put out Google and figure out where they work, where they live, what their phone number is, possibly what their cell number is.
Yeah, so it can be a very scary thing if not used properly.
Interesting.
I'm going to think about it.
I might try that.
And the friend of the friend thing too, it was really peeved.
I don't believe that should be on there at all.
I don't believe the friend of the friend should be looked at.
And I believe that should have been ticked off, and that was the only thing that really upset me.
But other than that, I've been having a lot of fun with it with some of the other guild people.
I gotta wrap up, X-Link, but I do want to say I'm gonna thank you for the tip.
I'm going to look into that, but I'm still gonna fight them to make it right.
I'm still gonna put up a good fight to make it right for everybody.
Definitely, just don't leave us.
I won't, alright Take care, excellent, bye No homo, bye Alright, 877-GAME-OLR Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio If you want to give us a call And talk to us here 877-GAME-OLR, Orange Lounge Radio We got another call coming in already Let's pick it up and see who it is Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Spaznina Hi Spaznina, you sound kind of different tonight Are you on a new phone?
Yeah, I just switched from cell phone to traditional landline You actually sound a lot clearer, we like it Well, we're on a time limit tonight and I know you've been trying to get through for a little bit So quickly, tell us what's on your mind Condensed story, I have to take so many tasks yet again You know how I got the yellow light of death not too long ago on my Playstation 3?
I do, and then you were...
Guess what?
It happened again, not even two months later.
Shut up.
Is this a Slim or a regular PS3?
A regular PlayStation 3.
Wow.
You know, specifically the 40 gigabyte model.
And, you know, I can understand that, you know, systems fail occasionally.
But A, I just got the system repaired not even two months ago.
and they sent me a refurbished system.
You would think they would have checked the system over before they sent me a system.
So basically, luckily, my one favorite grace is they gave me a three month warranty on the repair so I don't have to shell out the $150 for the repair but it's still a major pain that you know what.
It's quite likely and once I get the system back
They gotta have your picture on the wall over there, Spazinator.
After all this that you've been through.
You know what you need to do?
Is you need to go on the second season of The Tester.
Yeah, I should.
That's my answer.
That should be your pitch is that I need to go on the tester because I have seen everything broken at Sony.
That really should be it.
Yeah, really.
Well, I'll try to keep everyone posted as to what's going on with the system either through Twitter or whatever.
Please do.
I know you guys are not going to have a show next week, but hopefully there will be some news out for the following show in two weeks.
Please let us know.
At any rate, happy 8th anniversary.
Well, thank you very much, Spazinator.
I know you haven't listened for the whole eight years, but I know you definitely have had your voice heard on this program over at least about, what, a year and a half, two years?
Yeah, I've been calling for about two years, but I haven't been listening since 2006, give or take.
We've enjoyed having you.
All right, well, Spazinator, we've got to let you go to get some more calls, but good luck with the Sony mess, and I'm telling you, Tester, season two, and give OLR a shout-out when you get on.
Sure.
Have a good one.
And you've been an inter- Dude, Drew Nami.
There's this show on PlayStation Network.
Oh, shit.
I will help you shoot your audition video.
Come on, Drew.
I don't even own a PS3.
All the more reason.
All the more reason.
PlayStation Network what?
Exactly.
You get to test stuff.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Gold Anthro.
I'm doing pretty good.
I've started listening to OLR again because I'm done with my high school and I'm kind of enjoying the summer now since I'm OLR with my friends.
Yes, I did.
Me and my friend Robocon in chat.
You say two friends.
I've done a lot of that.
Congratulations on your 8th birthday.
I'm proud to see it's your birthday.
Thank you very much.
I think you were listening.
I did tell listeners a little bit ago we met up at PAX East and I do remember what you said about that we inspired you to do your own thing and that I can think of no better compliment.
So amongst all the cray-crays that are out there in the world, it's nice that there's cool people, a lot more cool people that are into what we do here at OLR.
Yeah, it's nice.
I was glad to hear that you remembered that because I know there's a lot of people you meet up with and
So I really appreciate that when I heard that again today.
It's not as many as you'd think.
We're not, you know, I'm not Oprah.
And thank God.
I know you guys are with, like, you know, the All Games group.
I know there's a lot of people, a lot of listeners, and so I don't know.
It seems like a lot.
It's all good.
It's all good.
We have fun here at All Games Radio holding down the Sunday nights with our buddy Bobby.
The more the merrier.
Yeah.
There's a lot of other great All Games shows though too.
I hear the girls at TQ Crush gave me a birthday shout out but I didn't hear it and I looked at their podcast feed and I didn't see anything there and I don't know.
So...
Yeah, I honestly love all games.
It's pretty cool.
It's a great little network.
Loki, are you going to be out when the baby's born for a little bit?
I couldn't remember if we had talked about that or not.
Probably a couple weeks.
Probably a couple weeks.
We might, I don't know, we have to talk about a contingency plan, but one idea I have is that we might actually reach out to some of the other all games hosts, or just in general, just podcast, indie podcast hosts, to kind of help out.
That sounds cool.
Temporarily promote the intern?
Wait, who?
Your dog?
Oh, cat.
Oh, well, hi, Kitty.
Hi, Kitty.
Oh, you named him after Macintosh?
That's awesome.
That's so cute.
That's cute.
My cat's named after a video game character.
I know you guys are going to get going, though.
You guys are going to get going.
There's other people that want to call in.
Was there anything else you wanted to say or any quick games you've been playing or shout-outs you want to give?
No, that's pretty much it.
I just wanted to let you talk to you guys and check in with you and congratulate you.
You guys have a nice night, and let's enjoy the rest of the podcast.
Bye.
Thank you so much.
You take care.
Yeah, SSJ100Matt says, have Travis do it.
No, wait, bad idea.
Travis is still trying to get us to do that whole sitting on the toilet thing.
And I'm just like, where do I go with this?
Like, I don't know.
It's kind of one of those like, I just don't think I really want to put that on myself on the internet.
I'm trying to think of how to do it funny, you know, but I don't know.
Have Drew do it.
He'll turn it into a train wreck.
Here's the problem.
E3 week is really not the best week to be starting stuff.
I think they threw down a contest and had the deadline on my birthday.
And it's kind of one of those... Okay, I'm all for having fun with USL.
Perfect Dark Knight was awesome.
I really want to do that again.
Sitting on the toilet video making?
Less awesome.
Let's go back to what counts.
Draw the line here.
I know he called me out on YouTube because he loves me.
Alright, let's go to more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
This is Ziba.
Well, hi, Ziba.
How are you?
Hi.
I'm doing great.
Hey.
Well, you guys were talking about pinball before.
Yep.
And it totally reminded me of a place I went to recently called the Silver Ball.
The Silver Ball?
It's a museum and an arcade, and it's this huge, huge, like, arcade room, like an arcade on, like, a boardwalk.
It's like wall-to-wall pinballs from the 1930s to 1999.
Where is this?
Jamie needs to be put on a plane immediately.
It's in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
I have heard of this.
I have heard of this.
Is that in North Jersey, South Jersey, Middle Jersey?
Middle Jersey, Central Jersey, near the shore.
I've probably driven right by there.
Is that by Red Bank or where the Jay and Silent Bob store is?
Maybe.
It's near the Stone Pony.
Okay.
You know the Stone Pony?
Well, keep in mind, I live on the total opposite coast, so I'm not so up on my Jersey geography, but I'm just trying to think if I've been close.
All right, well, anyway.
I totally want to go.
I've been to the Pinball Hall of Fame in Las Vegas.
Of course, that would involve going to Jersey.
I'm just kidding.
Small sacrifice.
I took my dad there for Father's Day, and he enjoyed it.
Oh, my God, you should have saw his face.
He found this once.
DarkSakura, you're gonna just have to come in the luggage
Let's start a fund right now, the Send DarkSakura to the East Coast Fund.
I'm going to open up my PayPal account so everyone can put in their pennies.
Alright.
You guys know she's never going to come back.
The thing is, you have to pay an admission fee and all the tumble machines are free.
Oh, that sounds like fun.
How much is the admission fee?
Is it probably like 10 bucks or so?
I think it's $7.50 for a half hour and then it goes up from there and here's the website I'll post it into the chat it probably has the cost and everything they are going to appreciate this fat plug you're about to give there silverballmuseum.com thank you Ziba YYR is going crazy I've definitely the daily pass would be perfect for me
I would be in there all day It's crazy Oh my god I was so overwhelmed when I went in there Okay, okay
No, not really.
My dad was a big pinball machine person, so I brought him there.
I'm not really a pinball machine person, but it was really, really cool.
If your dad has any of the consoles, check out the Williams Pinball Collection.
It's very worthy, and it's worth looking at.
It's probably only $20 right now.
It's great.
This is fantastic.
My dad's not really tech-savvy, so I don't think he would.
Oh, bummer.
Oh, well, it was worth a shot.
I'm looking at what's on the list, by the way, through here, and there are some actually amazing.
Do the Galaga Pinball.
All right.
Ziba, I think you made Jamie's day.
I think you've given Jamie a new mission in life.
Jamie and Rob Roberts are going to hit the road in a Blues Brothers-style comedy to go to Ashbury Park, New Jersey.
All right.
And for the record, if you ever go, let me know.
I'll come.
Absolutely.
And for the record, I'm looking at the later ones, and there's at least four of them on there that are in my house.
Ziba, we've got to let you get more calls, but thank you so much for the tip.
We appreciate it.
I think you've got a bunch of listeners interested.
The Silver Ball Museum, I'm sure, thanks you.
And on top of that, another straight No Chaser fan.
All right.
Ziba's currently on my upper list right now.
Ziba has ascended into the... Between pinball and being a straight no chaser fan, totally.
Ziba is kind of like DarkSakura's listener of the week type of thing.
My listener of the week.
Listener of the week.
All right.
We should have a little plaque and we should have like a listener of the month club.
We should put people in there who have earned the listener of the month.
Is that where they send us a new listener each month?
Yes.
And if we don't like it, we can send it back and get a refund.
What a freeze.
Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Looks like the phone lines have calmed down a little bit, but we'll see if any others come through.
We'll take about one more call.
In the meantime, Loki, any other news you want to get out there?
Yes, real quick.
Nintendo is still continuing to work on the Vitality Sensor.
It's apparently still about relaxing.
No word exactly on when it's going to be coming out, but who cares? !
Gran Turismo 5, hopefully coming out this November, is going to include a track editor, different weather effects, and go-karts, making it hopefully the last Gran Turismo game they ever release, because really, what more can they possibly add?
And then finally, the Wii menu has been updated to 4.3.
Um...
and apparently this is going to help you out by increasing the performance of the Wii menu system.
Oh, and removing all your homebrew stuff automatically because, you know, they don't like that.
They got you this time, Loki, right?
Hold on, we got a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is SSJ100 Matt.
You forgot your own name.
Hey, SSJ100 Matt, how are you?
I'm doing alright.
What is on your mind, my friend?
Not much, not much.
First off, happy 8th year anniversary.
Thank you.
I don't know what you buy.
I mean, I've been listening for a long time.
I mean, to tell you the truth, I started listening to Outside the Box.
Thanks for watching!
Why are we not doing that again?
Like, true, we don't have control, per se, over a live network anymore, but there's this awesome technology called podcasting.
But, you know, outside the boxes, you know, pretty much it is.
Yeah, in some ways.
It is a little bit.
Yeah, it's true, because outside the box is more about the general gaming stuff, and that's kind of what we turned into, so, hey.
Yeah.
So, you know...
Good times all around.
Absolutely.
What else is on your mind?
Have you been playing any games lately or stuff you want to give a shout out to?
Well, I'm still working on Afterburner Climax.
Because me and Huawei are having a battle to the death with that.
But that's another thing.
But no, what I wanted to talk about next week, I'm doing a 4th of July party.
And I'm going to be doing a classic game thing.
Awesome!
Are you going to broadcast it or anything?
What?
Are you going to broadcast it or anything?
Or no, just your own little par-tay?
Just a little par-tay.
Okay.
Well, no, what I'm looking for is classic game suggestions.
Because right now I've got a couple games, including Blades of Steel.
Yes.
But, you know... Okay, what consoles?
What consoles?
You know, I got everything from...
Atari 400 to
Genesis, Nintendo, PS2, Dreamcast You want like party game type stuff, right?
Yeah Dreamcast, Power Stone, fuck yes, Power Stone is the best party game I don't know, Classic, Power Stone was a Capcom game on Dreamcast And it's like, everybody, it's kind of like a fighting game But it's more of like a fast action little thing, that's cool DarkSakura, you're the classic game guru Fun party games from the classic consoles
that would be awesome at this party?
Bomberman.
Okay.
With the multi-tap.
Mario Kart 64.
Or just Mario Kart, Super Mario Kart on the SNES.
That's only two players.
Can we get drunk?
Can we get drunk while we're playing it?
Pac-Man... Oh, Pac-Man Versus?
Yeah, that's always a fun one.
Not so classic, but ish.
GameCube, early GameCube.
You don't know Jack on 3DO.
I'm trying to think, oh gosh, when you get to four players, you really have to be on the Dreamcast.
The Castle Smashing... Gauntlet Legends.
Anything Gauntlet.
What was the Castle game?
Power Stone?
Rampart Joust We do have the old Tengen version of Tetris, which is pretty cool.
Tengen Tetris also has co-op play.
Or just Super Mario All-Stars.
Get drunk and try to beat the game without warping.
I tell you, meanwhile, I came up with a drinking game for After Burner.
Really?
How does it work?
Basically, whenever you get shot down, take a shot.
Oh, then you'll be really drunk.
I got one.
NBA Jam and or Maximum Hang Time.
How excited am I for that?
Or if you want to be festive, Fantavision on PlayStation 2.
Well, how about, though, if you want to get out, break out the sports, go for NBA Jam, dude.
Some comments from our chat room.
Chat has some awesome suggestions.
Gamer Girl with two R's.
Gamer Girl or Gamer Girl says Mario Party.
Hello, the cloud.
Hello, Mario Party.
But we're trying to look away from the obvious.
Rock and Roll Racing by Blizzard says Salacious Pop.
That was fun.
That's a good one.
Super Smash Brothers may be a little obvious too.
That's a staple to every party that I have.
Twisted Metal.
A lot of Gears of War, but...
Twisted Metal, that's a good one.
Or, break out and keep in mind, this was my first LAN experience ever.
Break out a whole crap ton of 486s and play some Duke Nukem.
You know what, Atari 2600?
Just go for Custer's Revenge.
Your party goers will love you.
TimeSplitters 2!
The best first person shooter ever!
Alright, SSJ100 Matt, we've given you about 50 games and you need to go and play them all.
Immediately.
It will do.
All you need is your little shit-talking machine, and you're going to have a blast.
I tell you, that thing broke, but I'm buying a new one.
As you should.
I'm telling you, when we have another USL match night, whenever Travis gets over this whole sitting on the toilet thing, you need to attend and bring your little shit-talker, because that thing's amazing.
I will.
Take care, buddy.
Take care.
That's a fun party.
I just want to point out, I was not invited to this party on that phone call, and I'm a little offended.
I'm just kidding.
It's only about 4,000 miles away.
All right.
We got to wrap up, guys.
We're going to close the Skype line for tonight, but thanks so much for the calls.
That was a fun Skype tonight.
We had some good callers tonight and some old favorites and good times.
Happy, happy.
All right, other quick stories from Loki.
I don't know if you have anything else you want to get out there, Loki, before we wrap it all up for you.
Queen, apparently the guitarist is hinting that there's going to be a Guitar Hero Queen game.
Who, Brian May?
Yes.
You know Brian May has a degree in astrophysics.
Wow Good for him You know what's awesome is that last night at our Rocky Horror Picture Show event We were actually doing a fundraiser for the Mercury Phoenix Trust Which is Freddie Mercury's kind of charity that was established in his honor And it just had me thinking like Freddie Mercury was so fucking awesome Like really Like just go YouTube some performance clips of Freddie Mercury They're really He was just fierce I mean he really was And that man could rock white spandex He really could
SSJ100Matt is sending me an invite to the party via Facebook.
I'll do the thing that everybody does and mark myself as a maybe.
That's wrong.
By the way, I had a flat tire on Saturday, so I totally couldn't do this, but they do this thing to help kittens out.
Basically, you go to PetSmart and help out with the adoption crew.
I saw something on your Facebook about that.
Yeah, I was going to do that, but then I had a big flat tire and it took forever.
And the owner of Makuni, we parked in his parking lot.
Oh, wow.
and the lug nuts were on too tight and he came out and then started talking to me in really fast Japanese.
So I was like, I just said what I could remember and he's like, oh, you know Japanese?
And he asked me and I was like, he's like, oh, that's very good.
And then he goes and kicks the lug nuts off of my car with the wrench.
Because they were on really tight so he puts them there and goes...
Like that.
I mean, seriously, this little guy.
Makuni, by the way, just to give some background, is kind of the hipster sushi chain here in Sacramento.
But I will say, they have this garlic edamame that is so good.
Oh my gosh, y'all, really?
I'm crying now, thanks.
Yeah, I know, me too.
But I totally gave him my card.
Nice.
I totally forgot when I was going with the guy, Makuni.
Nah, who cares?
Alright.
All right.
Let's see.
We're going to wrap it all up, guys, and get to the end of the show and all that.
But thank you guys so much for downloading our show and listening to us tonight.
For eight years, we don't really do commercials during the show.
We do shout-outs for other indie stuff.
We are an indie podcast.
There's no magazine.
Our website really isn't the focus.
We don't do breaking news like the one-ups or the game spots of the world and all that.
or the giant drop the bombs and all that stuff.
We don't really get any money from doing that so we don't get advertising and we can't have big boosts at E3.
So really the only way we spread the word about our show is word of mouth.
So if you like what you hear, just tell a friend or two like Golanthro did earlier.
Tell a friend or two about the show and help us spread the word about OLR.
That's all we really ask.
and if you're like seriously Rob none of my friends are into the podcast thing none of them will get it go leave a nice review on iTunes we really appreciate the five star reviews a couple more showed up this past week I think I saw one from Flaming Toilet who was here earlier I saw one from Internet Celebrity
DarkSakura
I miss Lesat Scourge Lounge.
We could do that in the afterbirth.
Let's do that.
Actually, maybe not tonight because we're running a little long.
Let's do that next week.
Alright, two weeks.
Alright, we're going to wrap up.
Final thoughts.
Let's go around to final thoughts.
My final thought is...
Zappy says the only indie podcast I know that has a magazine is Electric Sisterhood.
They're different though.
They're still indie.
Ninja Sister and I always seem to run into each other at cons except E3.
They have a magazine.
I guess they started their own little magazine.
I think that's awesome.
That's cool.
Well, they're kind of artists, too.
It's still an independent magazine.
It's still independent.
They count.
They count.
I actually wanted to do something like that for us since I'm big in publishing, you know, because that's actually what I want to do with my life.
It'll be fun.
It'll be fun.
There's no reason we can't have a little zine.
There's still sideways profile pictures of you guys.
You got a little camera right now?
Let's do our final thoughts before we have a business meeting.
This is what our business meetings are like.
No you!
No you!
No way!
Way!
Can we get one of the listeners to do it?
Alright.
Let's wrap up.
Final thoughts, everybody.
Drew Nami, thank you for being here to celebrate this landmark occasion with us.
Don't be a stranger.
I'll keep coming back.
All right, good for you.
But he keeps getting stranger and stranger.
All right.
Do you have a final thought for us?
By the way, how old did you turn this week? 25.
You're still a baby.
I was 17 when you guys started broadcasting.
Oh my god, I'm so old.
Our little Republican.
Our little Republican.
And we used to get into it on the politics.
Libertarian.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
At least he's starting to come around.
I grew up with you guys and look how I turned out.
Send him to a state school.
He'll get turned around.
Which is funny because I don't identify as libertarian anymore.
We're eight years in.
Keep listening or Axe Cop will chop up your head.
We've got to really try to get to ten.
Like, I know everybody's got their lives and all that stuff.
And, you know, we've really got to try to get to ten.
We can do it.
I know we can.
All right.
So thank you very much, Drunami, for being here.
And your final thought was?
That was my final thought.
Keep listening.
We're eight years in, but we're still going.
All right.
Still going like a bad STD.
DarkSakura, since I'm looking at you, what's your final thought?
We actually should promote him from intern to mailroom.
No, he was always going to be the intern.
Come on.
No promotions at OLR.
Mailroom means I actually get paid.
Unless you're like Dekeman or VXJasonXV.
They do a lot of work for the web stuff, so they get promotions.
Drew's an intern.
I'm chief.
Intern, I want coffee.
All right.
DarkSakura, your final thought for us tonight.
Intern, update the wiki.
Work, work.
And seriously, I want our wiki to be thriving and gorgeous as it once was when it was new and shiny.
Update that bitch!
There are some people that like AJ Mix and Dark Tetsuya I see on there all the time, so they do get a sportsman-like pat on the bottom for that.
Well, I mean, like, some of our staple pages... That's no Pat.
Some of our staple pages are updated, and guys, I thank you so much for that, but we do, you know, and, you know, we all work right now.
But I do want to see some of our newer stuff updated on the wiki.
I mean, it would be nice.
Please.
Please.
SSJ100 Matt says, intern, break the soundboard table.
I can't!
It's now a soundboard chair.
We've made it intern proof.
I can't even tip it over!
We're using a very solid step stool.
I mean, it's like... It's Drew proof.
Alpha Cananogram's forcing a standoff, saying, we'll update the wiki if you give us shirts.
We're so indie that the shirts don't fit.
I remember when Intern made his own damn shirt.
That was pretty hardcore.
The Intern almost wore his damn shirt.
Almost dug it up.
Wow.
That's impressive.
Almost.
Well, all of the t-shirts that I have right now, though, all my gaming t-shirts have actually been worn and washed, so I don't know if you want to wear my leftovers.
We will... I'm waiting on my... I'll send you... Try what we can do.
I will send you a Metal Gear Solid pillowcase.
I'm waiting on my number 23 Oil Army shirt.
Loki...
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I'm tired.
Me too.
Because I was up until 1 in the morning last night.
Doing the show roll, by the way.
Actually, 1.30 I was up in the morning because I was working on the baby room mural.
So I'm on the third wall for that.
Baby.
Well, I have to get it done.
Well, the baby's going to be here soon.
Well, yeah, and because I need to... I need to get it all done so I can work on my Grand Theft Auto edits.
Alright, my final...
My final thought, wait.
Oh, and I had to wake up this morning at 6.30 to go work on the backyard and the front yard.
Remember this?
Oh, my God.
OL Army shirt, DarkSakura, zero.
That's pretty hard.
That's what I was talking about.
Put the picture on the website.
Okay, do the whole thing so the listeners can see it because us talking about it doesn't do it justice.
All right.
My final thought.
I don't have a lot.
I can't wait to go get tacos on the way home.
It's Taco Sunday.
Woo!
Alright, have a great night everybody Thank you for listening to OLR for the past 8 years We hope to bring you 8 more Have a wonderful night everybody See you in 2 weeks because there is no show So have a wonderful and safe 4th of July It's a celebration about fire But that doesn't mean you set yourself on fire
Don't be stupid.
See you in two weeks.
or AllGames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
