Tonight, June 13th, 2010, the E3 News Barrage begins and we connect with our listeners to
get all your feedback on the early news.
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 370 for June the 13th of 2010.
We are that video game show where every gamer has a voice and walking you over the next
few hours on this very, very busy show tonight, myself, Rob Roberts, and joined us always
by the one, the only, but the sadly sickly, Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
I'm not sick anymore.
But you're going to sound it on the radio though because you have your voice thing going
on.
The problem is I had a viral infection and it coughed my throat, well, bloody, so I'm
actually not supposed to use my voice much until the 21st.
So Dark Sakura's role in tonight's show will be scaled back just a little bit, just a little,
but she'll still be here to provide her always insightful commentary, of course.
I've got some snark.
You just might, yes.
Being sick makes a person a little extra snarky, I find.
I am also a little sick.
Just now the E3 is coming up, I have this gift, I don't know what you want to call it,
where I tend to get sick at big gaming conventions.
It happened at PAX East earlier this year and now it's happening again for E3.
Hooray.
Well, also joining us tonight, say hello to the well and healthy, at least for now, Tech
Master Loki.
I am perfectly fine, except in my head.
I am sick in the head.
But that's why we love you here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki, which we're coming up on, if you can believe it, our eighth anniversary show in
a couple weeks.
But we've got to get through E3 before we get there.
Joining us tonight, this is a little bit special because in the eight year history of Orange
Lounge Radio, this guy used to come on the show quite a bit, but then kind of took a
break for a little while, because he moved to this place in the Midwest.
I don't know why anyone would want to do that.
But he's back tonight to say hello and try to get into E3 with us.
Say hello to the one and only Miklotov is here tonight.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
Now, for those listeners who've never heard you here on the show before, give us like
a summary.
What do you do?
What have you been doing over the past eight years of video games here on the alarm?
Let's see.
Working.
I work at a video game store now.
So I went from working at a video game company to a video game store.
And for those who don't know, you used to work for?
Konami.
Yes.
And can you say what you did at Konami or was that a secret?
Yeah.
I did DDR and I made the steps and with, you know, the other people on the team.
And I did text stuff and yeah, that's what I did there.
Good times.
Oh, I got drunk because it was fun.
Is that why the games were crap?
You all were drinking.
I'm just kidding.
It might have been.
Actually, I will say UltraMix 2, which I know you guys worked on, was the best DDR game
that ever came out of the USA.
Probably.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
So, well, what happened?
Are you allowed to talk about what happened?
I don't know.
Maybe Supernova.
Supernova was really good.
Are you allowed to talk about what happened?
Why you no longer at Konami?
Oh, yeah.
They just moved and I didn't want to move because I didn't have a permanent quote unquote
position.
So I wasn't going to get paid to move down to where they moved their offices to.
So I decided time to leave.
And so you went back to where your family is, correct?
Yes.
Which is in the Midwest.
Yeah.
All right.
I agree.
I'm just kidding.
All right.
But things are good for you in Kansas.
Kansas treating you well?
Yeah.
Good enough.
Well, welcome back to the show.
I'm sure you haven't listened since the last time you've been on.
Like for the past three weeks.
Oh, that's right.
You've been commenting in chat and stuff.
Yeah.
The show's kind of different now than it was when you were first coming onto the show,
huh?
I don't know much about the music games anymore, but there aren't very many great music games
anymore.
So it's okay.
It makes sense.
For our new listeners, real quick, can you kind of define what did Orange Lawns Radio
used to be when you were first coming to this show?
Oh, it was like everybody didn't know what they were doing more so than now.
And it was like, let's talk about DDR for like an hour or two.
All right.
Bye.
That was it.
That's pretty much it.
You got it.
All right.
But we're still here.
We're still coming up and we're going to talk a lot about E3 tonight with Mikle Tov.
And speaking of which, we have big, big news coming out of the big cities tonight.
We're going to start off the show a little differently tonight.
We have an Orange Lawns Radio special report.
That's right.
We do have some big breaking news.
It does appear that Scarlett Johansson has won the Tony for best performance by a featured
actress in a play for A View From The Bridge.
Congratulations to Scarlett Johansson.
You hot bitch.
We all...
Okay.
E3.
Yeah.
No, there's some huge news coming out of E3.
Obviously, tonight is Microsoft's big reveal of Project Natal.
And they...
Not necessarily the press conference.
Yes.
It's not their press conference, but it's their Cirque du Soleil as imagined by Cirque
du Soleil or as one of my friends calls it Cirque du Soguet as Project Natal is being
reinvented or reimagined or whatever they're doing.
I like how Patton Oswalt describes it.
What does he describe it as?
It's French and gay and on fire.
That's pretty much what it is.
So Project Natal is French and gay and on fire and it is now called the Microsoft Connect.
And that's thanks to a report leaking out from USA Today.
It's Connect K-I-N-E-C-T, Microsoft Connect.
Kind of a play on the word kinetic, I guess you could say.
I think we'll hear a little more about that as word leaks out of tonight's event as well
as Monday's press conference.
However, did you know there will not be streaming of tonight's little special event because
there's been a block on it all because MTV has the exclusive rights to air it.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that one of the early games announced for
Microsoft Connect is coming from MTV Games.
Here it is, folks.
Dance Central.
And USA Today is calling it a So You Think You Can Dance experience home, although it's
not for sure if the brand name actually plays into it.
Probably not.
But if you want to tie in directly to last week's show, there's your Timberland Cascada
game and all those things we were talking about.
Did I say Timberland like a tree?
Timber...
Timberland and Cascada and all those things we were talking about last week.
That's gotta be it.
That's it.
Whatever.
So that's one of the early games coming out of the Kinetic.
Also announced, I'm sure to much surprise, Kinetic Sports!
With six activities, who knew, boxing, bowling, volleyball, track and field, soccer, and table
tennis.
Wow.
And the Vomitarium.
The Vomitarium?
That might be in Connect Adventures.
I'm sorry, hurling.
River Raft Time Trial, Obstacle Course, up to four players on the raft playing as a duo.
You and a partner lean one way or another to steer.
Also a game called Joyride, which was originally announced a little while ago, got pulled from
Xbox.com and then came back.
It's a racing game.
That's the one where you're going to hold the imaginary steering wheel and drive back
and forth.
Connectimals!
You train and play 20 different virtual cats, including a lion, a cheetah, and a tiger.
It's kind of like PokeCats, but with Connect.
I don't know what else to call that.
And lastly, and this is pretty big, Star Wars characters and Disney favorites will be featured
in separate new games being developed at Microsoft in conjunction with LucasArts and Disney.
So you know that whole Wii lightsaber game you've all been wanting for years and years?
Guess what?
Microsoft announces today, well inadvertently through USA Today, that Star Wars is actually
coming to Connect.
It's going to take me a little while to not say Natal anymore.
They should have just called the damn thing Natal, but that's alright.
Connect.
Quickly, what are your thoughts about the name Connect?
Loki, we'll start with you, because you always have something elegant to say.
No, what's funny is they have, what is it, that Microsoft phone that's kin.
That's kind of ironic if you think about it.
And that's what you think of the name?
No, I think the Connect...
It's alright.
It is Move and Wii.
I mean, I don't know.
It's slightly more original than Move.
The PlayStation Move.
I mean, that's just a really stupid name.
Dark Sakura?
Connect?
I played with Connects when I was a kid.
I played Connect 4 when I was a kid.
Miek Latov, what do you think of Connect?
It's dumb.
Why do you say it's dumb?
Because.
We know Natal.
You know, that sounds kind of cool, futuristic, what they're kind of going for.
Connect.
Really?
Yeah, but see, remember, we all love the revolution, and you know.
And the Wii is still a stupid name.
I'm not going to say it's not.
Let's go to the chatters.
Chat.orangelandtrady.com.
After all.
It's just a name.
It's the place where every gamer has a voice.
Sj100matt, you know we said the same thing when they came out with the Nintendo Revolution
before the Wii.
And I'm glad that they're coming out with this wonderful system, and they're totally
mimicking everything that's on the Wii already.
Okay, let's see.
We've got a game that's like Wii Sports.
We've got a game that's probably going to be like Wii Play.
And we've got a game that's just like Just Dance.
Oh, and we've got a game with Disney characters and Star Wars characters that will probably
be very similar to what's already on the Wii.
Just with slightly better graphics.
Oh, and we have a racing game with a fake wheel.
Ugh!
I mean, really, are we going to have the same shit on this stupid console?
Am I really going to pay the mythical $150 for this thing?
Fool me once, Microsoft!
I already bought your fucking camera, and it served me no purpose whatsoever.
Well, but you do get to use your picture as an icon.
Or, uh, gamer pic.
I don't care, that's the whole...
And Burnout!
The Burnout game.
Remember?
Oh, okay.
You get pictures of you when your car crashed, so you get pictures sent to strangers on the
internet where it looks like you're taking a poop.
Because you have these urgh faces.
Alright, more chatter comments, because boy, they're being eloquent tonight.
Bochi Kawa in our chatroom.
Chat.orangewandredo.com, by the way, if you want to join us here live on this Sunday night
as we tape at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
It's 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Bochi Kawa in our chatroom says, connect just won't connect to the consumer.
This is their get, basically their grab for the Wii Market.
Problem is, people in the Wii Market have a Wii, and they're not going to buy another
console to play the same fucking games.
I buy everything.
Tiger Kawa in our chat, you're special.
Tiger Kawa in our chat says one of the other games will probably be Connect the Dots.
Baconbit says the name doesn't matter as long as it's fun.
And BowerCTU says I'll call it shit, not connect.
How about kashit?
Can we compromise here?
Bower, kashit.
Listen, it'll be alright, but the problem, see, what I don't like is the first generation
of games.
Because the first generation of games is going to be like, ooh, look at what we can do with
the hardware.
It's going to take a while before we get some actual unique stuff.
And I'm not counting Fable 3 as unique crap, ok, that game is going to be the same damn
game again.
This was some other fancy shit, ok.
That's my problem with it.
Really, I mean, it'll probably be a good peripheral.
It's just, it's going to take a while to get there.
Just like the Wii took a while to get there.
Alright, by the way, speaking of which, we got to razz Xbox over the name, I mean, I
hate if you want, but we did this with Nintendo when the Wii came out, I mean, how many Wii
jokes were made, right?
Wii!
And all that stuff, right?
Let's see, more stuff in chat.
I love this.
Jesus Poppin Chat says, when I hear and say Natal, I think Xbox motion accessory, but
whenever I see Microsoft NATAL in print, or Microsoft Natal in print, I think of ultrasounds,
folic acid vitamins, and diaper genies.
I can see that.
Tiger Class says, watch, they will have cheesy taglines like, connect to the web.
They should have just called it the kinetic, I mean, because that would have been kind
of neat.
It would have, it would have at least sounded kind of fancy and stuff.
And I give them points, they're like one step above move.
Because move is just like, oh, what should we call this, I don't know, it's a control
you move around with.
Ah!
Move!
Good.
Done.
They didn't even, like, think about a name.
Technus in our chat says, they might as well have named it Connect 3D, since 3D is the
new marketing term in the tech that it's based on.
SSG100 Matt says, the real question is, do they announce an Eye of Judgment game?
If so, do we care to make a bet on it?
And let's see, lastly, where were we at, oh yes, SSG100 Matt says, Connect, starring Jodie
Foster.
Spoiler alert, it's her father.
Get it?
That's funny.
I believe that's contact.
That's funny.
That's funny!
I would like to say that that USA Today article that mentions, it's like, so you think you
can dance?
If anything, it'd be like America's Best Dance Crew, because that's on MTV, since it is being
made by MTV.
But they probably don't want to use the name, because if it's a crappy game, it might bring
down the show.
That's true.
And that show's actually pretty cool.
Yeah.
So, so you think you can dance?
I love that show.
Alright, let's go ahead and actually get into a little bit of the normal flow of our show,
but we thought we'd interrupt there for the breaking Xbox news.
We will keep you posted if anything else breaks during the conference.
Or if we think of any other funny connect jokes.
Special events featuring Cirque de French Gay.
Alright, let's move on with, how was your gaming week and the type of stuff you played
this week?
That's how we usually start the show, but you know, I can't control when the special
bulletins are gonna, just like when you're trying to watch Soaps, and then all of a sudden,
dead celebrity.
It's like when you've got bad gas.
Yeah.
It just farts sometimes.
Yeah.
Maybe that'll be a game on Kinect.
Kinect fart.
Alright, Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was okay, um, I played some Star Trek Online, I hit Commander finally.
Yay.
Um, I made a friend in Scotland.
Did you?
Yes.
If it's not Scottish, it's crap.
I played, um, and uh, I uh, I've been playing Sims 3 like I'm doing right now.
During the show.
It's slow.
During the show, well, what else is new?
No, it's, I know.
I know.
I'm not playing Star Trek Online during the show and eating bandwidth.
True.
I turned off Steam for the show, Rob.
I'm very happy you did that.
I was enamored with watching everyone's Steam updates.
Oh yeah, I played some Portal.
Especially since I got it free.
Free is good.
Free is very good.
Alrighty, uh, let's move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
Uh, same old stuff again.
Um, Grand Theft Auto.
Mainly, I've been playing, um, just the regular Deathmatch stuff, but we have been having
some really serious connection problems, thanks to our wonderful bandwidth at work.
Uh, Red Dead Redemption, more co-op than that.
I think I'm like level 20 something now, like 23.
And Earth Defense Force, where most of the way through the Inferno difficulty.
And it's, uh, major fun.
Um, what else?
That's pretty much it.
It's been mainly painting baby room and, um, you know, working on Grand Theft Auto IV editing.
It's Imagine Babies in real life, basically.
Well, it's game related.
The room is New Super Mario.
Actually, and I don't know if the pictures are public or whatever, but they're really
cute.
Like, a lot of the stuff that, um, you and the wife are doing are really cute.
Yeah, we got, um, big ol' stuffed animals of Koopas and, you know, the star and the
fire flower and, uh, stuff like that.
And then, of course, we have wall decals for the New Super Mario Brothers characters and
the bricks and question blocks and all that fun stuff.
So you totally took the idea of Dan and I wanted.
Sorry.
Because now we need a Halo room.
A Halo room for your baby?
Yeah.
I hope we have a girl.
Nice.
Alright, uh, Miek LaTov, how was your gaming week?
What kind of games did you play this week?
It sucked because the one game I wanted to play, which was DJ Max Technica, we went to
go play it and it was the one game in the whole arcade that was not working.
That's even more of a surprise because only one game was not working.
And it was the best one, though, and it made me sad.
And I hate the people at Roseville Golf Land because they're idiots.
I hope they listen and know that they're dumb.
I loved it, too, because when Miek LaTov was kind of getting off the plane and he met Alan,
we went out to lunch when he first got here, because what was the first, what's the first
thing anyone wants to do when they come to California?
I was like, let's go eat and Miek LaTov wanted to go, too?
In and out.
Alright, so we went to In and Out and we were eating and Miek LaTov was like, I didn't come
here for E3.
I came here to play DJ Max Technica.
That's true.
So when we went to Roseville Golf Land last night and I looked and the machine was broken,
I couldn't help but laugh.
Like, it was really funny.
It was a really depressing moment in my life.
I mean, sad, but...
And then the people would not sell me Technica cards, which they had.
I had to go up there three times to get them.
Finally, the guy just said, okay, and he's like, you know, these don't work because the
machine doesn't work.
I'm like, I understand that, but I'm giving you money to give me these cards.
And they did.
And I hate, like, 16-year-olds that work at arcades.
Couple questions is Arcade Infinity still open and couldn't you guys go there during
your...
That's a backup plan.
Yes and yes.
That's already under discussion.
I'm actually going to call them and be like, so do you have a working Technica machine?
Because other places don't.
You should.
And there was also an idea we could go to Sunnyvale Golf Land.
We don't think we can make it work with the timing because I have a family thing Saturday
I have to go to.
And Sunnyvale has Sirius, too, which would be fun to play, but maybe Arcade Infinity
might as well, since they used to be up on that stuff.
Perhaps.
I don't know.
All right.
Aren't they, like, almost closing now or something?
Aren't they, like, one of those Save the Arcades?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sadly.
Surezo in chat says, Rob, I was there when he was there.
Friday night.
Miklotov was at RVGL.
I met him.
Who?
Well, that's amazing because he was still in Kansas Friday night.
Yeah.
We both went on Saturday, actually.
That's so cool.
Like, it was me from the future, but in the past.
Unless he's getting his days mixed up, he could have been that guy, because there was
a guy playing BeatMania 2DX, who was pretty good.
Yeah.
I met Miklotov, too.
Hi.
Hi.
It's a first in a couple years.
All right.
Anything else you played this week you want to mention?
Oh, on the plane, I was playing DJ Max because it's, like, the only game I play anymore.
And this old lady was sitting, like, two seats next to me, away from me, because we had an
empty seat in the middle, and she kept watching me play it, and it was really creepy because
she was, like, really old, like, 60 or 70.
And then she's talked to me, and I was like, whatever, I just want to play my game.
But she enjoyed DJ Max, kind of, over your shoulder?
Or being a creepy, stalker-y, per- I don't know.
Old lady?
Old lady.
Yeah, that's what I said.
All right, there you go.
Creepy.
Did you have your first encounter with a cougar?
Come here, little boy.
I have some candy.
Oh, that is gross.
All right.
My gaming week, not quite as interesting as anyone else's.
Although I did go to a golf land with Mikolatov last night, and point laughed when the machine
was down.
Although, not really.
I actually thought that was kind of crap.
You did laugh, though.
I did laugh, but it was one of those, like, that fucking sucks, laugh, like, you know.
But I played BeatMania, what is it they have there?
Distorted.
What is that, 13, 14?
That's 13.
Whatever.
When the music stopped getting good.
Some teen.
Yeah, some teen.
So, but I played a bunch of old songs, and I can surprisingly still pass, like, level
seven and eight songs.
I beat Daisuke.
I was all like, woo!
It was like a 90, no, it was 94.
Daisuke was 90, wait, no, Thunder was 94.
Yeah, Thunder was 94.
Good times.
Old school.
All right.
Uh, let's see, um, Osefer in chat is asking a good question.
What happened to you playing Final Fantasy 13?
That still is the plan to beat games, but unfortunately I got a little sidetracked because
I've been playing WoW this week, too.
And then there's E3, and we've got to have work stuff going on, too.
Um, played, like, a little bit of Game Room and realized that nothing has been coming
out in the past couple weeks.
Oh, yeah, we played Game Room.
That's part of the game.
Like, when you were playing that space pig game.
It's Oink!
It's not space pigs.
Yes, it was.
It's a lizard.
It's a story based on the three little pigs.
It's pigs in space.
It's not pigs in space.
It's your captain, with your Doctor Strange pork.
It is not pigs in space.
They were up in a spaceship above the little, like, room you were in, and then the rat with
the long tongue kept trying to lick you.
That was the big, bad wolf.
He's blowing wind.
You had to imagine things a little bit better.
No, because if he's blowing wind, it wouldn't suck you in, too, because you don't, never
mind.
It was a mouse with a long tongue.
Alright.
And that was pretty much my gaming week.
Not a lot of exciting stuff outside of that, but, hey, on Black Wolf in Chat says, Oink
is awesome.
You all stop making fun of Oink right now.
I love Oink.
It's Miek Latov that is the hater.
Haters to the left.
Yeah, I don't hate it, but I do, because it's really dumb.
Shut up.
But then you watched me play, what, Keystone Capers, which was the cops and robbers one.
That was also stupid.
And then I made you play Stampede.
Which was also really dumb.
You were on, like, the squid, trying to hit the dogs with the little line that comes out
of your hand.
I think, actually, Miek Latov should have a show where he just, like, describes old
Atari 2600 games, because- Oh, and then that one game where you're, like,
that bee that you attack the little, like, wall, and there's that colory rainbow thing
in the middle, and you had to watch out for- What are you even talking about?
The one that was made by the dude that makes E.T.
Yars' Revenge.
Yes, that one.
I don't even know what he's talking about.
All right, we gotta move on with the show.
There's so much news tonight, it's really disgusting, so let's get to the show.
Housekeeping first, E3 overload this next week.
We will be coming to you, not live, but taped from E3, but the podcast will be up very quick.
I'm hoping we have reliable internet somewhere.
We're going to have to go to a Starbucks, I don't know, but there will be shows one
way or another, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday night.
Rob Roberts and Pals from E3, so unfortunately, Dark Soccer and Loki are not going to E3,
so it's not really Orange Laundrio, but Rob Roberts and Pals will bring you some specials
to the feed, and of course, Miek Latov, one of my pals, will be there every night.
I'm hoping that Bobby Blackwolf and whatever other pals I find in LA will also be there,
so there'll be lots of feed updates this week, so make sure you are subscribed to our feed
in iTunes, or whatever your favorite little podcatcher program is, so you don't miss anything.
This is also very important during housekeeping.
I have a bad feeling this is going to get forgotten a little bit amongst all the E3
hype that's going on right now, but I do want to mention, we talked about this a little
bit last week, but it is official, Orange Lounge Radio and our listenership will be
participating in the All Games Big Battle, the Big Battle, and if you want more information,
go to bigbattle.allgames.com, and you can actually go there, you can sign up to represent
Team Orange Lounge Radio, because this isn't about host vs host, this is listener vs listener,
and there are several teams, I'm sorry, several different competitions that you're going to
be able to do.
I know one of them was Pinball, those are the recently announced ones, those were just
announced a little earlier this week, where you can actually play either Zen Pinball on
the PS3, or the, what is it, Pinball FX on the 360.
Those games will be a part of this.
So Soldner X2, there's competition for that, and there is going to be a live competition
on June 26th, Battlefield Bad Company 2.
All that information is at bigbattle.allgames.com.
We will bring you a little more information on that this next week, after E3 settles down
a little bit.
The first competition I believe ends is the Soldner X2 one, and it ends on the 26th, so
we have a little time.
But if you want to get the jump on these competitions, go check it out, especially the Pinball ones.
I know we have some listeners that are good at Pinball.
There is no reason the Orange Lounge Radio should not destroy all of the other shows
participating in at least Pinball.
And Pinball is 2, there's 2, there's Pinball FX and Zen Pinball.
So we should have at least half these competitions right out the gate.
It got me excited there because I was reading this all of a sudden, it said, for PS3, Zen
Pinball, Earth Defense Force.
I'm like, ooh, Earth Defense Force, I will win at that.
But no, unfortunately it's not.
I am trying to get Derek to put Grand Theft Auto IV as one of the games.
But we'll see.
It would be kind of tough, and it has to be Episodes of Liberty City because that's a
better game.
We'll see, we'll see.
Alright, we'll talk more about that next week, not to belittle the importance of the event,
but just with E3 going on, I just think everybody's going to forget.
It's going to get kind of lost amongst all the E3 madness, but we will be kind of giving
you regular updates on what's going on there starting next week.
So again, sign up now, get the jump on everything, read all about it, bigbattle.allgames.com.
Let's see, what else is going on right now that I want to tell you guys about?
The anniversary show for Orange Lounge Radio is coming up in two weeks, so next Sunday
we will be live, it's our post-E3 show, then we will be here for the anniversary show of
Orange Lounge Radio, which will be on the 2014 days from tonight, so the 27th, and then
after that is July 4th.
We will not be live on July 4th due to the holiday, people want to go set things on fire
instead of sitting here on the radio.
Yes, so we will not be here July 4th, but that's okay, because it's going to be a busy
busy busy next few weeks.
We will have beer and exploding things.
Alright, let's, I guess, let's get into some gaming news.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, Twitter.com slash OLR, add us, follow us on the net,
visit our website and all the great articles that have been written by our listeners, it's
so great, OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Let's get into some actual, what?
Don't forget Geek Life.
Yes, Geek-Life.com, our BFF website, who I will be doing my first story for next week.
What could it possibly be about?
I don't know.
I have my regular segment on there, which is Geek Cube, integrating your geek life with
your office life.
Good times.
Very geeky.
Alright, Dark Sakura is going to start us tonight with, start us off tonight with some
gaming news.
What's up, Dark Sakura?
Keytar Hero, I mean, Rock Band 3.
The Keytar is official for Rock Band 3, it is going to be either something you can play
as a horizontal keyboard or over the shoulder, it has like this little handle, you know,
very keytar-like, and it looks like a two-octave keyboard, it looks very keyboard mania-like.
25 keys, I think.
Yeah, two octave.
Yay, it's not a keytar, yay, yay, yay, I mean, you could stand it upright and it could be
a guitar, but it's an actual bonafide keyboard, I love you, harmonics.
So yeah, there's that in the hyper guitar.
Did you see that thing?
The hyper guitar.
What is that, like the 120-button one?
The 120 fret with strings.
Well, now they want to teach you how to really play.
But I kind of want it.
You know what, I didn't care about any of it, because keyboards, and Bohemian Rhapsody,
and the cool thing is, if you play in pro mode, and you play the expert level, and if
you can memorize what you're doing, you will be able to play the actual, real song.
That is the great thing about this.
In two octaves.
Yes.
The only thing that I thought was a little weird was when you look at the video, the
pro mode note chart kind of scrolls to the right and to the left.
You don't see it all on the screen at once.
I think that's actually kind of cool.
I think it's supposed to tell you when to move your hands around.
I think that's what the point is, but I'm a little apprehensive about it.
Well, it's limited screen space is basically it, because you can't have like 25 rows on
there at one time, so what they do is, as the song shifts octaves or whatever, it will
scroll over.
Which is fine by me.
It looks pretty awesome.
I was wondering how they'd be able to pull it off, and it looks like you can do it.
Now, what I want to see is how the hell they're going to do the guitar part of the pro mode,
because that's going to be weird.
You know, Tigerclaw is in our chat right now, and he said the same thing.
I was just thinking, Sky, it's an actual keyboard you can plug into your computer and use as
a MIDI keyboard.
That just makes it like 10 times more awesome.
More awesomer.
And you can actually get a MIDI adapter to plug into any MIDI guitars, drums, or keyboards
that you may have as well, and use those in Rock Band.
So what do you guys think of Rock Band 3 so far from this news we're hearing?
Keytar Hero.
I am so excited.
Bohemian Rhapsody and Power of Love.
There were some other songs they announced too.
I don't have the whole list in front of me, but it looks like it's going to be a pretty
solid list.
Lots of newer stuff, but some of the old stuff too for fun.
Alright, we're going to get to our next news story, but first, guys, I can't control tonight.
There is just so much breaking news!
The Tony for Best Mute, no I'm kidding, actually we're going to go to Miek Latov with a special
report.
Um, yeah, apparently those rumors about a new 360 appear true.
It looks like they are redesigning the 360, and it will come with a 250GB hard drive,
but most importantly, built-in Wi-Fi, so you don't have to pay $100 to be able to connect
to the internet if you don't have a very long ethernet cable.
And it comes with a fork and a knife and a clock and a pillow.
That would be great, actually.
Then you could sleep on your 360.
No name for this yet, though, right?
No, and...
Like, foreign ads?
This is all leaking from foreign...
Yeah, they're Italian, it looks like.
Can we trust the Italians, I don't know.
They're dirty.
But it looks really cool.
It's very sleek, not so much slim.
And it looks like it could poke your eye out, because it's also very pointy.
They also changed, of course, since it is going to be slimmer, very similar to what
they were showing in those leaked motherboard development unit pictures.
It's basically now going to be all integrated into one chip instead of having a separate
GPU, CPU, and they're going to have the ventilation on it cooling straight out above the chip
instead of going through this ductwork that they had in there.
So that's kind of neat.
I do want to tell you guys, I guarantee you it is not called the 360 Slim.
It's only being called that because we're used to this kind of redesign thing from Sony's
end.
It's not called the Slim.
Microsoft will call this something else, which we'll hear tomorrow.
The 360 Cinched.
Yes.
That's what it looks like.
The 360 Slightly Smaller.
Or the 180.
Connect.
It might not even get a new name, though.
I mean, you can come out with a new system design and still call it the same thing.
That's true.
They might just call it the Xbox 360.
It might just...
When they redesigned the old, old Nintendo to be top-loading or whatever, it didn't have
a different design.
Or a different name.
We've already heard about the fact that Microsoft kind of wants to reboot the system and include
Natal, excuse me, Kinect, as a part of the new system.
Guarantee it.
There will be bundles on the shelves this Christmas with the pointy 360 with Wi-Fi and
Kinect all in one box with Kinect Sports or Kinect Kitties or whatever that game was.
One of those BS games all together for the low, low price of $250, we'll say.
Let's hope.
$300, I bet you.
$300?
That sounds more realistic, perhaps.
And then they'll also sell Netflix or whatever else they're going to announce tomorrow, whether
it be Hulu or anything else.
So we'll see.
All right.
Let's get back into the regular news.
Thank you for that special report, Miklotov.
We should...
We're going to need you to...
Maybe we should have you.
I mean, I know you're in Kansas.
Do they have internet there?
I have a tin can I hook up to my computer.
I see.
Well, the tornadoes aren't blaring, right?
Tornadoes don't blare.
That's the sirens that blare.
Tornadoes spin.
They're coming.
Okay.
So if the tornado doesn't knock out your connection, you might have to call us once in a while
with your breaking news.
With my breaking news?
Yes.
I'll be like, I just played a retro game on Xbox Live Game Room.
It was stupid.
Breaking news.
Yes.
Actually, I can...
Let's fast forward to next week or next week.
Miklotov will call in live to the show and it will go something like this.
Yes.
It looks like that Miklotov is calling into the show.
He's calling in with some breaking news.
Let's go live to Miklotov and see what is going on in gaming news.
Miklotov.
I'm sorry, apparently there's been a takeover of our feed from Understation Live.
I don't know what that is all about, but that just wasn't funny.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki, do you have some gaming news for us?
Yes.
It's regarding rumors about the 3DS.
Apparently there's reports out saying that the system is more powerful than the Wii,
and unlike it was previously thought, it will not be using the new Nvidia chips.
Apparently, both IGN and Eurogamer have been reporting that developers have set off the
record, which is funny because they're reporting on it, so if it was off the record wouldn't
it be not reported on because that would be on the record.
That the handheld won't use the Nvidia Tegra chip.
Also Eurogamer is saying that the 3DS hardware is internally known as CTR, suggesting that
the motherboard image submitted to the FCC in May, which showed CTR as a code name, was
indeed the 3DS.
One of the things that's kind of interesting, Kotaku, I know, posted a mock-up of what they
thought the 3DS would look like based off of what they saw on the hardware thing.
It's funny that they didn't really pick up on the analog nub that was on there since
it looks exactly like the analog nub on the PSP.
But yes, it will have an analog nub on there.
Of course, the top screen's gonna be a widescreen, bottom screen not widescreen.
Of course, they're gonna have some sort of toggle on there to adjust how much 3D is on
there, I guess.
You can adjust, I guess, the depth field or whatever.
And according to IGN also, they're saying that several developers have experienced 3DS
in its current form and have reported off the record that its processing capabilities
far exceed the Nintendo Wii and bring the device up with abilities that are close to
the HD console, such as PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
If that's the case, thank God Nintendo, you finally did something right and actually put
out a console that has better tech than what's already out there instead of saying, well,
it's not gonna be about technology, it's gonna be about the gameplay.
Because guess what?
Now the gameplay's all the same.
So it's gotta be about the tech now.
Now it's gonna be kind of weird to see what the Wii's gonna do with all these new motion
controllers and stuff like that now that, you know, they're kind of on an even playing
field.
It kind of intrigues me that a handheld system could possibly be as powerful as some of the
stuff that's in our living room.
I mean, it makes sense.
The technology, I mean, this cycle of video games really has lasted longer than I think
a lot of people have expected it to.
And you remember they came out and said, PlayStation 3's gonna have a 10-year life cycle, 360's
gonna have these long life cycles.
And it seems to really be happening because usually we should be hearing about new consoles
this year at E3, but that's not gonna happen.
And I don't know if you wanna blame the economy or the investment on these or what, I don't
really know.
But the point is, you know, these consoles are still there and the technology's a little
bit old.
It's interesting to me, though, that now the handhelds have already caught up because I
think a lot of us also kind of think, oh, well, Nintendo, let's see, the Advance was
basically a Super Nintendo, the DS was basically a Nintendo 64.
So logically, the next system is basically a GameCube, and then again, the Wii is also
kind of basically a GameCube, isn't it?
And they also usually do improve it like a little bit, right?
Am I crazy?
They kind of like, you know, it would be improved like a little bit.
Like, the DS felt like a little more than just a Nintendo 64, is it just me?
But they need a new gimmick because, I mean, if you wanna play touch screen games now,
you mean you have the iPhone, you have the iPad?
You know, it's not really any more, I mean, they're not the unique game system out there
anymore.
And now, with, you know, this new system, now that they have 3D, no other system's doing
that right now unless, you know, PlayStation announces a new PSP, which will be 3D as well,
because I'm sure that they will try to do something like that.
And it'll be digital downloads only, because it's an experiment.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
Let's do some comments from our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Jay Dizzle wants you all to know he's connecting on the toilet right now.
Tigerclaw says, you know, don't be surprised if Sony announces the PSP2 with 3D support
if you buy the 3D add-on glasses, which will probably be their way to counter the 3DS.
Hm, I don't know.
S.H.G.O.
100 Matt says, so this is a confirmed rumor?
Stop talking to us in riddles and oxymorons, dammit!
Bochikawa says, this might be a good move for Nintendo, putting their cards in the mobile
market and selling the Wii or predecessors to soccer moms and six-year-olds.
It's actually really not a bad strategy.
It's been working for them so far.
Why not?
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Here's my problem, and you're gonna hate this, but my problem with Nintendo is I don't think
they know how to deal with new hardware as far as, like, advanced stuff, because if you
notice, you know, what were some of the games that we got when the Wii came out?
GameCube ports.
You know, what are some of the games that we got on, you know, the Nintendo DS, basically
ports of stuff that was on Nintendo 64 and that kind of stuff?
Are they really gonna-
See, I was about to jump in there and say, but OMG, the Zelda game!
It was amazing!
And then, oh yeah, there was a GameCube version of that.
Exactly!
It was a GameCube port, and, you know, granted they're gonna have this wonderful new shiny
hardware and they're gonna be able to do really amazing stuff, but it won't come right away.
It's gonna be, oh look, we were working on this game for the DS, but now that we have
the 3DS, you know, let's just port it over and it'll be in 3D, but the graphics will
be really simple.
I have a crazy thought.
Really crazy- super crazy thought, you guys.
Here's my crazy thought.
We know that there's a new Zelda game that's supposed to be coming at E3 this year, right?
And that it's supposed to be, like, a better looking type of game.
It's gonna be, you know, kind of specially designed and da da da da, it's gonna be Uber
and all that stuff.
What if the Zelda game is actually a 3DS game?
Well, I'm sure they will have a 3DS Zelda game, but I think it's actually gonna be on
the Wii.
Right.
I'm most worried about the screen size now, the rumored screen size to be the size of
the, like, DSi screens, because I picked up an XL because I'm a Nintendo horror, at least
in the handheld sense, and I can't go back.
I mean, that screen really does not lose that much resolution in my opinion, and it'd be
really nice to have another system with screens that big.
I wanna point out, too, Miklotov is actually in the studio right now wearing a 1UP beanie,
so he's not lying.
And I'm not talking about that website, I'm talking about the actual 1UP mushroom.
Yes.
There it is.
Very nice.
Speaking of rumored games that are coming out for the 3DS, Destructoid has ran a story.
According to their sources, they strongly believe that Nintendo has been getting the
developers and publishers over with the 3D demo of Animal Crossing, apparently as an
internal demo that they're showing off to developers to try and get people over, that
that is the game that's supposed to be revealed this next week as a launch title for the Nintendo
3DS.
Nintendo went back into a corner and said, uh, comment on this, dammit, has said, Nintendo
does not comment on rumors or speculation.
Listen, Nintendo, if you're putting out another Animal Crossing game, I'm not fucking buying
it.
You know why?
It's because the last two games you've put out have been exactly the same as the first
one except with less features.
So go fuck yourself with your fucking Animal Crossing, because I am-
What if, hold on, anger, angry man, angry man sitting over there in the chair.
Hold on.
What if they've actually made changes?
They won't.
They've actually made changes.
What if, what if, stay with me here, hell had ice in it, and if you would put it kindly,
froze over.
Especially if you read the Inferno, the core of hell is icy.
Yes but the hell that Nintendo's familiar with, you know, does not have ice in it.
Um, no, I'm sorry, I, the only thing I can see them doing is adding 3D to it.
It's really gonna be the same fucking game all over again.
They might add a new fruit.
Oh, there you go.
A new fruit!
That would make people buy it.
And then they take out, like, your villagers and put them in the city now because, you
know, that's-
What if, wait, what if, what if, what if, stay with me here, what if, what if they gave
the animals machine guns?
Never forget.
They will never give them machine guns.
They'll give them squirt guns.
Paintball.
That, you know, set, paintball would be cool.
Question, question, question, question, question.
What was the best part about Animal Crossing when you would play it for the first time?
Hitting the, the people with, like, the net.
Terrorizing the animals in your village, correct?
Digging holes around them so they couldn't move.
Exactly.
What if Nintendo made a game that was nothing but terrorizing your villagers in Animal Crossing?
So they're gonna bring the Sims to the DS?
And they'll walk out and they'll walk back in their house.
Like, I, I realize, and you know what Dark Soccer used to do?
She would make gay pride flags and put them outside of people's houses.
Because I had a lesbian in my town.
I had, I had the, the chick that was the, had the PE room, the, the, was she a duck?
I don't know.
Or something.
I get it, they just replaced, like, a letter.
But, but she, but she was, but she was wearing sweats and had PE equipment and we, and she
would ask questions that could be taken the wrong way.
So we put a big rainbow sign outside of her house and she was her town lesbian and then
she moved to Rocktown.
Hold on, hold on, this is great.
Give me a gold star stat, because a chatter just won a gold star here.
Give me a gold star stat for this comment.
BowerCTU says, Animal Double Crossing.
Love it.
Love it!
Reggie, you listening?
They seriously need to redesign the game, I mean, and stop being so damn stingy with
your fucking virtual console crap or, you know, your Nintendo classics.
Put them in there.
Come on.
You're not selling them on the market.
Yeah, well, you might with the 3DS.
Oh, stay tuned.
You know.
That's what we thought with the I, and that never happened.
So I mean, come on.
It's not gonna steal away sales from the Wii.
It's just gonna be really kick-ass.
And you know what you can do?
You can sell your wonderful virtual console games as downloadable, you know, content for
Animal Crossing.
There's a thought, but it would be a creative thought and embracing digital content and
online.
Something Nintendo does not do.
It's the scariest thing in the world to them.
This is gonna be an interesting E3.
Everybody's kinda punchy in studio tonight.
I kinda like this.
It's fun.
God, just think about the show.
Alright, more news.
I'm done with this 3DS thing until I get to see it.
I will say, the plan right now in quotes, unless something like super awesome is revealed
in the next couple days that we decide we have to see on the show floor.
Miklotov and I plan to go run and see the 3DS first.
I won't run.
I might walk a little fast.
We'll walk at an accelerated pace.
I'm kinda old.
So we'll walk with a cane at an accelerated pace towards the 3DS line over at Nintendo.
Because the thought is, everybody's still gonna be at Sony's press conference.
So we wanna do the 3DS thing first.
So we're hoping that'll be on the first show Tuesday night, Rob Roberts and Pals.
Alright, Loki, let's do something besides the 3DS.
What you got for us?
Well, let's see.
The PSP Go apparently was an experiment, according to Sony.
They're claiming that the experiment, or one of the reasons that they launched the PSP
Go, was to understand where consumer behavior was going.
We were getting signals from consumers that this was the kind of device that they wanted.
But we need to recognize that the consumers like packaged media.
That sounds like a poor excuse for the reason why your console failed.
Not because your console was, I don't know, $80 more than, say, the same console that
had media already, basically had all the same features, except the ability to actually buy
disc-based games and be able to sell those games back when you're done with them.
If you really wanted to know where your consumer behavior was, put out a fucking survey!
You don't need to create a new console.
It was a failure, and that's what it was.
You're not calling it an experiment, it was a failure.
Huh.
I don't know, it's just kind of one of those, like, boy, they ran away with their tail between
its legs.
That's it, is this kind of like an official confirmation, you think, of the fact that
it's a done deal and the PSP Go is no longer going to be sold?
I mean, what's the deal?
I don't know.
Have you heard anything about this getting pulled from Shells?
No, I haven't heard anything, but let me put it this way, I mean, they haven't really been
selling like hotcakes, I mean, at all.
I mean, what do you expect?
You're putting out a console to your retailers and you're saying, oh, by the way, your customers
aren't going to be able to buy any sort of software for this from you, so.
But you can sell our console for us, oh, by the way, you're not going to make any money
off those consoles because consoles have no markup whatsoever, so yeah, go ahead and sell
this for no sort of profit whatsoever and then you're not going to profit for it later
on.
Most consumers or retailers out there are going to go, uh, how about fuck you and I'm
just going to carry the regular PSP where I can sell the same games.
And by the way, not all the games were available digitally right away anyways, so what's the
point?
And that's the problem is they pissed everybody off.
It was also more expensive than the PSP was, which made no fucking sense whatsoever.
Um, so it was just a bad, bad plan altogether.
You should have charged less for it since it didn't have, you know, UMD drive and it
would have gotten people to actually maybe pick it up.
But there's really absolutely, or actually there was absolutely no reason whatsoever
to pick up a PSP Go because you could just buy a PSP 3000 and a memory unit and have
basically the exact same thing and the flexibility to either buy your games on disk or buy them
via digital download.
Oh, I missed all the PSP hate and I hate it too, the Go.
Um, I thought it was dumb.
Uh, I'll share a quick little story.
At the store I work at, which I'm sure I can't name or get fired, um, we have sold, I kid
you not, since the system came out, three.
Just three.
And I talked everybody that I could out of it because, I mean, like you're saying, a
PSP 3000 with a, you know, a decent sized memory stick.
Just as good and way better actually than the Go could ever be.
Well, you know, if you buy the Sony memory sticks then maybe it might be somewhat of
a good deal, but since everybody doesn't, you know, double the retail price of their
memory units, um, you could go buy a third party SanDisk memory stick and it'd be just
fine, uh, and that's assuming if you wanted to download all your damn games, which most
people are not gonna do that because you can buy a PSP game on disk and when you're done
with it, guess what?
You could sell it and make your money back.
Don't forget about our friend who has had all the trouble with his downloads too.
Yeah, I have no problem with those digital download games that are only available via
digital download, but guess what, the PSP 3000, you can also download those.
Um, they just were trying to make it seem like that the PSP Go was the only system able
to access this marketplace and the problem was they were trying to, you know, basically
compete with like the iPhone or something like that, but you kind of have to have those
types of features in there like GPS and, you know, an actual phone, um, you know, all that
stuff to be able to compete in that market.
You didn't, so why even try putting on a new damn console anyways?
If you haven't improved anything, in fact, actually removed functionality out of it.
Have you ever actually held one?
No.
Okay, they feel like plastic little toys.
They are awful.
You feel like you're gonna break it.
Just that top screen alone does not feel very secure.
So when you're sliding it up and down, I can only imagine that it won't last, like it will
break.
Um, quickly, kind of one big rumor, big, big rumor that's floating around about what we're
gonna hear in a couple days, namely Tuesday morning when Sony does their press conference,
we may hear something about a PSP 2.
Do you think there's any truth to that rumor?
I think if it's gonna come out, it's gonna come out probably around the same time frame
as Gran Turismo 3, which means, uh, in a few years.
You mean Gran Turismo 5?
Whatever.
5-3, it doesn't matter.
At first...
The game isn't coming up this year, that's what it matters.
At first, I was like, no, they're not doing it.
But now that I'm hearing this whole disavowing of the PSP go, it makes a lot more sense that
that could be where they're going.
3 is the number of Forza games that'll be out before Gran Turismo 5.
Alright.
And I mean, additional Forza games.
Beyond the third one we've already had, 2 and 3.
I like my PSP, I think the PSP is like a pretty good system.
It was lacking in games for a while, I mean, yeah, Luminous was cool, but it was really
lacking in games for a while, but then it started getting, like, some real kick butt
stuff.
Especially with the Final Fantasy games were re-released for it, and you know, it had some
good stuff.
But I gotta be honest, though, even with just the regular PSP, it's not been doing great.
I mean, even just talking to my retailers about bringing a PSP title, they're really
just bringing in some that have them on the shelf, but it's not, you know, a big representation.
And that's kinda hurting them.
They really need, especially now with the 3DS, I mean, people are gonna be like, whatever,
I'm not buying anything on the PSP.
So they gotta come out with something new.
Is it gonna be out this year?
I highly doubt it.
Osfer brings up Valkyria Chronicles 2, that looks like it might be pretty cool.
Yeah, the Phantasy Star Portable 2 is also coming, which is somewhat big to people I
know.
AlphaCadandagram in our chatroom is mentioning that there is a giant Kevin Butler E3 banner,
apparently at the convention center right now.
Actually, I need to say something since you mentioned Phantasy Star Portable.
My friend Krista, if you go on Sega's website and look at the contests that they did for
doing fan art, she won third place doing pixel-style art of the characters.
So congratulations to Krista.
Congrats to you.
What does she win?
Copy the game.
Well, hey, that's something.
Free stuff is good.
Alright.
Moving on to some other news about Kingdom Hearts.
Kingdom Hearts Kingdom Hearts has got a new game announced at E3, but it's not the big
number 3.
It is Kingdom Hearts Re-Coded.
There was a rumor about this on last week's show, it does look like it is official.
Kingdom Hearts Re-Coded is coming out for the DS, it's by the same people that were
behind 358 slash 2 days, and it will be on the show floor at E3, and apparently is going
to be a remake of the Japanese mobile game Kingdom Hearts Coded.
Just like they did with Chains of Memories, remember?
Kingdom Hearts Re-Chains of Memories?
Yes.
No word on the release date yet, we don't know if it's going to be this year or next,
hopefully this Christmas, but it will be about Sora retracing his steps through the original
Kingdom Hearts.
Jiminy Cricket apparently is looking over the journal he used to document his first
adventure with Sora, and he discovers a mysterious message.
Interesting.
So, it's not something he wrote, so how did it get there?
I don't know.
Sounds confusing, just like the plot of Kingdom Hearts.
Which I roll my eyes to.
Why?
Because, Kingdom Hearts is not that great.
It's just kind of boring.
I think it's pretty cool.
Was the message, uh, sitting on the toilet?
Shut up.
Alright, uh, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Jamie, you got something for us?
I have nuts.
Me too.
This one is actually about our good friends at Capcom.
It's um, what's it, they're an E3 lineup and I'm pretty excited.
Marvel vs Capcom 3 Fate of Two Worlds, which, by the way, I saw the last trailer, and it
has Deadpool and Dante, and that made me very squee.
Um, Okami Den, Bionic Commando Rearmed 2, Sengoku Basara Samurai Heroes, Ghost Trick
Phantom Detective, Dead Rising 2, Dead Rising 2K0, MotoGP 910.
So it sounds like Capcom's booth is going to be pretty hopping.
I really hope Marvel vs Capcom 3 is playable.
Take me lots of pictures and get me lots of swag.
I will.
I really want to play it.
I want Deadpool stuff.
I will play as Deadpool just for you.
You better.
Alright.
And he'll be terrible.
Yeah I will, because I'm terrible at Marvel vs Capcom.
But Deadpool has guns.
And snark.
Actually that's not true, when I played at that retro arcade a couple weeks ago in Portland,
I just kind of button mashed and I did pretty good.
All I, you just do, you know, it's all Street Fighter moves, like quarter circle forward
and back and forward, you know, it's all Street Fighter moves, you just do a bunch of Street
Fighter moves and then your characters are going, whoa, how do we get back?
I hope that's not the final list for Capcom, I hope they have a few more games than just
that.
There might be some surprises.
I always see Dead Rising 2 real bad too.
I wonder what Dead Rising 2K0 is.
I don't follow up on Dead Rising 2, it's probably the Wii port.
No, K0.
3DS port.
K0 is the sort of demo for the game, it's basically going to be a downloaded game that
you have to pay for, that's like a prequel to Dead Rising 2.
But it will essentially be like the demo for the game.
I see.
Showing off a demo at E3 of a demo.
A demo of a demo, good times.
Loki.
There was an editorial written on Kotaku this week, talking about the, kind of the trend
going on with these new sports games from THQ and EA.
You may remember the one time use online codes that are part of the Project 10 dollars, or
I guess in THQ's case, we won another five dollars from you.
I just thought there were some points that were kind of interesting that they brought
up in this.
Some of it, you know, kind of tying into, will it really be that big a deal for consumers
out there that are interested in buying used products, because it's going to be additional
money.
Well, they were saying that GameStop has been starting to drop in the trade-in values of
different games.
For most new releases, which you used to be able to get for $30, you're now getting $25.
And it's also, some of the games, like for example, UFC, the use price is now $44.99,
which is five dollars cheaper than the other new releases.
So they're kind of factoring in, okay, you're going to have to pay another five dollars
to get online, and it's going to bring it up to the price of a normal use game, or a
normal use game of that quality, that time frame, that kind of stuff.
So maybe it won't be that big of an impact.
I still say don't forget what's going on, though, because as soon as you say, well,
that's not so bad, you know, that's when they start going, okay, well now you're going to
be having to pay for this, and you're going to have to pay for this, and pay for this,
and this, and this, and this, and just going to go on and on.
But also they're saying that the one-time use code has diminished resale expectations.
They're saying that people who tend to be passionate about, you know, games on their
consoles haven't been, like, selling them back in, that kind of stuff, I don't know.
So it's interesting, though, and I guess this is going to keep going on, and you remember
there was a rumor, and I'm sure we're not going to hear anything about it until the
game comes out, but it is a few weeks from now that Microsoft will be following suit
with Crackdown 2.
I'm kind of irritated because, yeah, yet another reason that, I don't know if it was so obvious
at first, but it just diminishes the value of the game to be able to resell.
Even if you do get the $10 code for free when it's new, you know, if you use it, it's totally
diminishing the value of the game that you sell back.
And that, I think, is probably one of the most irritating components of this.
But at the end of the day, the only way that you can express your distaste for this whole
little rule is to not buy the game.
But I don't think that's going to happen.
I think people will still buy it.
I honestly think we shouldn't be paying for games at $60.
I would like to just boycott the $60 video game, but sadly I don't see it happening.
And honestly, you know, me personally, this is not really affecting me that much because
I don't buy used games anymore.
And a lot of stuff, if I'm going to buy it in the first place, I'm buying it new.
If I'm, you know, not buying it right when it comes out new, then I'm not going to buy
it at all.
So for me, since this is really just affecting, you know, used games and stuff like that,
it's not a big deal.
Now if I wanted to loan it to a friend or something like that, that kind of sucks for
them.
But I don't really run into that situation that much.
Dark Sakura's got guys in their skivvies over there.
What is going on over there?
He plays Sims 3.
I was just picking his pajamas.
I was just, you're, that's not pajamas.
That's just sleeping in their underwear.
No, I know.
But you know, I'm just saying, it's just funny because I looked over, I'm like, what is she
playing?
I don't like the pajamas in the game, so I just had him sleep in his undies, but there
is his undies are Calvin Klein.
You should get him Calvin Klein undies.
You should get him bananas in pajamas.
Do you want me to take a picture and put it, I'm putting a picture up.
If you really want, I don't care.
Sorry Loki.
I looked over there, I'm like, is Dark Sakura watching porn during this program?
What is she doing?
What is she doing?
All right.
Yeah.
It's, it's just interesting because, um, I don't know.
It's just seems to me it, their excuses for why they're doing it, um, you know, being
that they're going to enhance the online, enhance like all this community stuff.
I just have a feeling they're not going to deliver with that in that it's just desperate
cash grab.
If, if they really do that, that's cool.
I'm fine with the extra $10 or whatever they're saying, but otherwise it's just taking a key
component of the game and charging you for it when it should already be there as part
of the normal cost.
My problem is why they're getting money anyways for you sale.
They really shouldn't deserve that kind of money.
No, they don't.
The only other thing that kind of pisses me off about the whole thing is, is just, you
know, not just the resale value, but just the fact that they're, you have all this corporate
speak about, well, we're taking the money to make our online, uh, some infrastructure
better to really enhance the experience of playing the games.
It's like, bitch, you just, you're looking for a way to make money.
I have a comment about that.
With a UFC, didn't they implement that so badly that some people that even bought it
brand new got double charged because like the directions weren't clear when you'd enter
the code and it would actually make you pay for the code and then you could use your code.
I think I read stuff about that when it came out.
I don't know that I'm not surprised if that's what actually happened.
All right, well, moving on, boy, I've just seen this from chat.
Somebody just posted this.
You need a breaking news noise.
Do I need the breaking news noise because that's ugly.
I don't have the breaking news noise.
I can talk about, um, how I am breeding stuff in Pokemon and I bike back and forth on the
path.
Um, so it hatches the eggs quicker because I don't like to run around and apparently
a new pop music game has just been announced.
And most of our listeners aren't going to understand what the hell that means.
But a pop music was a music game franchise that basically imagine trouble with the pop
ematic bubble and you have nine of those pop ematic bubbles all in a little configuration
you play popular in Japan and you hit the buttons to, and it was in the movie lost in
translation.
I believe, uh, you can play this, whatever, uh, you can play this game.
I guess a new version of pop music has been announced, but here's the thing.
It is like a U S version now because they're testing this in Irvine, California.
Please say it doesn't have those ticket redemption machine.
I hate you.
Konami.
I hate you so much, the logo looks like it's from beaten, groovy kind of does Konami.
You just don't get it anymore.
You're fired.
I'm firing you.
Konami.
You can not make any more music games.
I wonder if they'll be announcing this week three, I don't know.
Konami a company that thinks saw is a viable franchise for video games.
That saw game was not awful.
I will defend that game cause it was fun except for the combat.
The combat was dumb, but the puzzles were fun.
I liked them.
I just like to kill people horrifically with really good puzzles.
It's like evil professor Layton.
That should be a game right there.
Kill them with puzzles for the three D S Ray Iannami in our chat says sky and he keeps
saying Konami needs to redesign their rhythm games.
That's not what I meant.
It's not what I fucking meant.
Ticket game.
I'm not surprised one bit.
It'll be popular.
If the deal or no deal game is popular, no, this won't be because it's not something you
see on TV with Howie Mandel true Bobby's world, the ticket redemption game.
That would be something that would be popular with America's got talent.
Yeah.
That show speaking of, uh, the saw type things and so forth, there was a lot of news that
came out this week about mortal combat and one of them was this very strange teaser that
was a mystery and nobody knew what it was.
I'm trying to play a little bit here in studio.
It's loud.
Sorry.
No, this, no, no.
This thing, that one, this thing that came out this week, this show, yes, that's supposed
to be like reptile.
Right?
Yeah, no, that, that, that's, that's actually old.
The guy was friends with Jerry Ryan, which is why she's in it.
Interesting.
This, this actually, this actually is a few months old.
Well, it just, I guess leaked to, to all the blogs and all this stuff, by the way, like
that, he rips the head off the body then eats the head and so pretty, so it's pretty gross,
but whatever this is, it is basically somebody's re-imagining and people are like, is this
a trailer for a new game?
Is this, what the frack is this?
And Jerry Ryan's in it.
Jerry Ryan is in it.
She's Sonya at the very end.
Let me see if I can fast forward and, uh, Johnny cage is the emotion actor for a Nathan
Drake from uncharted one.
Is it really cool?
Well, there's Jerry Ryan.
There's a big climactic scene where they're about to reveal scorpion or whatever.
Uh, so apparently what this ended up being, it is actually a kind of like a labor of love
type of thing where the director was trying to sell Warner brothers on the mortal combat
pitch.
This guy wants to direct the movie.
This is the guy that directed fame.
I believe so.
Yeah.
That's what it's.
All right, whatever.
So apparently, yeah, musical numbers too.
That'd be awesome.
Actually.
Uh, so this is, I love these re-imagining pitches.
They're like, I saw the one for nightmare on Elm street before they had decided to redo
it.
Some guy just funded.
It's kind of a really ballsy thing for them to do is to put it up on the internet for
all the public scrutiny.
The guy must've believed in the thing that much.
And so far the reception has been pretty positive.
I don't know.
I gotta be honest.
I'm going to go against the grain a little bit.
I think it's well done and it's nice, but I always kind of liked mortal combat cause
it was a little bit over the top and cartoony.
And that was a little bit like gritty, real saw for me.
I don't know.
I don't know how I feel about that.
I don't know if that's how the movie would actually turn out, but I was kind of like,
I kind of like mortal combat cause it was always a little bit ridiculous.
The first one did it best.
The second one was a waste of time.
But I'm all for, I guess them trying to give this guy a chance, especially since so many
people seem to be into it.
I mean, just because I have one opinion, you know, whatever, I guess it might get outvoted.
So I guess it could be cool, but it was really seven minutes of this cop interrogation and
I would just hope the movie is a little, no, it wasn't just the interrogation.
It was the fight with Johnny Cage, like introducing the characters.
I thought it was awesome and they should totally make the movie.
We'll see.
We'll see.
This is my least favorite character in the series.
Poor Johnny Cage can't catch a break.
I did like doing the foot through the heart and then the signing the autograph.
That was kind of cool.
All right.
Well, also, you know, because a lot of people did mistake that this might've been a teaser
for the game, apparently there really was a teaser for the game in the works and it
showed up a little later, just literally a few days later, a new teaser for Mortal Combat
Nine showed up.
It's got a little bit of Raiden and he's, you know, shooting lightning and then there's
a lot of like very fast images that kind of shows a lot of the old school characters and
old school stages from like Mortal Combat Two and Three.
Like you see Johnny Cage and Reptile and Nightwolf right there shooting his arrow and they're
on a stage that looks like the pit from the second game.
It almost looks like kind of the best parts of Mortal Combat Two and Three with the graphics
of the newer Mortal Combat games.
And then kind of like in this super Street Fighter Four-esque 2D, 3D thing.
I'm sold.
I think it looks great.
I'd play it.
It's cool.
Um, I'd like to see more characters added.
I know this is just a teaser, but, um, it didn't pick some of the best that's for sure.
Yeah.
That hat on the ground is really funny.
For those that haven't seen the trailer, Kung Lao puts the hat on the ground and it starts
spinning like a circular saw and he starts grabbing sub-zero and, and pulling him towards
it.
Like he's going to rip his body in half with the saw, starting with his ween, wiener.
So yeah, interesting.
A little, a little bit over the top, but I don't know.
Again, a little, a little, they're starting to get a little too realistic.
I don't know.
I liked Mortal Combat when it was cartoony and dumb.
I can't believe we're at nine.
Like you said, that's an insane amount for a lot of forgettable titles.
Yeah, sadly, I always, I always kind of had an appreciation for Mortal Combat.
I always thought a lot of them were really underrated and they're a lot of fun.
They're just dumb fun.
And that's the important part of the game.
So there you go.
Uh, that is supposedly also at the E3 show floor.
There are some big banners hanging from the ceiling, teasing the new Mortal Combat game.
So I know I, I definitely want to stop by and check that out.
I wonder if we can get one.
Like you could prop me up and I'll know the banner and prop me up and I'll take it down
and we'll steal it.
You know, the show floor is like, or the ceiling is, you know, not more, it's a lot higher
than popping you up.
Yeah.
I was going to say, you're kind of short.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like, hi, you propped me up.
Great.
Now I'm only 30 feet away from it.
Well then you can just kind of like push me up a little more.
Like, like toss me.
I'll just throw you.
Like Cirque du Soleil.
Cirque du Soleil.
I can't even say it.
There you go.
The stupid French thing.
You were about to say Cirque du Soleil.
I definitely was not going to say that.
Alright, let's move on to some release dates.
Travel around the world and talk about what is coming out soon to a retail store near
you.
We go to the UK and the U.S. and Japan.
We're going to start off with Loki in the U.S.
Yes, you know, it's going to be a wonderful week since the biggest title coming out this
week is Toy Story 3.
Toy Story 3 coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii DS, and PSP and PC.
And now the rest of the crap.
Let's play Garden coming out on DS this week.
And on the Wii, let's play Ballerina coming out on DS and the Wii.
Let's play Ballerina.
100 classic books.
The only game released on the DS that actually wasn't rated by the ESRB.
The most boring video game ever made.
I want that though.
Because it's books.
I think that'd be a great, great $20 spent.
Video game called Let's Go to the Library.
Legend of Kay coming to the Nintendo DS.
XG Blast is supposed to be like a shmup game coming to the Nintendo DS.
Superbike World Championship, SBK coming to the PS3.
It's a budget game.
What else?
Kid Adventure Sky Captain.
Actually this one looks okay.
It's kind of like Pilotwings on the Wii.
Also only a budget game.
And then this is the kind of stuff that Konami keeps putting out.
Thank you, Konami.
You're wonderful.
Yard Sale.
There's Sunnyville.
Guess where you're going to find this game?
In a yard sale.
Wait, Sunnyvale?
Sunnyville.
Oh, I was going to say.
It's like a game set in Sunnyvale?
That's kind of cool.
No, it's Sunnyville.
And thank you, GameStop.
You put Sunnyville with three L's instead of two.
Way to proofread.
Think Smart coming to the Nintendo DS.
Western Riding Academy on the DS.
Yay, another horse riding game.
We don't have any of those.
Naval Assault the Killing Tide, a submarine action game on the Xbox 360.
And another crappy game on the Wii Family Game Show, which is going to be some stupid
party game by a company I've never heard of, Storm City Games.
And last but not least, I Spy Universe.
Who gives a shit?
I don't care what system it's on.
The end.
Ray Iannami in chat says, there aren't enough games set in the SF Bay Area.
How about every racing game ever made?
Always has like some type of San Francisco stage because of the hills.
Although in real life, folks, you go about three miles an hour down all of those roads.
There's always three.
It's going to have a San Francisco level because you know, San Francisco, what it's most known
for earthquakes, because every game that has a disaster in it, San Francisco has the earthquakes.
Cruisin' USA had Blur has a San Francisco level.
They all do.
Every single one of them.
Mario Kart has a San Francisco level.
That's right.
It's called Toad San Francisco Adventure.
Speaking of Blur, by the way, in Mario Kart, did you see that commercial?
It is amazing.
That is the best thing I've seen.
Dan was watching Classic Game Room and it was the leading in commercial and I laughed
my butt off.
Good times.
What are you fitting your little guy in panties over there?
He looks like he's wearing panties, mantis.
I'm picking his bathing suit and I'm just trying out different fabric patterns.
Trees don't really wear that to the beach, at least in America.
I realize like Greece, it's a little different, but we're all fat.
I'm just trying different fabrics.
I just want to make sure, you know, Nintendo should want to make sure you were aware.
I'll use gold sequins.
Gold sequins.
Nintendo should really come out with a commercial later on for its next Mario Kart game and
say, yeah, Blur wants to go ahead and make fun of our games, but our games still made
millions of copies.
Yours doesn't.
Fuck you.
Nintendo.
Let's go to Japanese release dates.
Clash of the Titans gets its Japanese localization from Namco this week on the Xbox 360.
Otherwise all is quiet on the 360 this week.
PlayStation 3 has a little more, not just a version of Clash of the Titans there too,
but they also have Grid getting a price reduction and a game called Hakioki Jun Soroku comes
out in a special and limited edition.
So usually when it's limited edition, you know, it's a kind of a bigger kind of a game.
It comes with a plate and a pillowcase and a clock.
It is a whole big franchise out there.
There's actually an anime based on it as well.
So that's the Hakioki is coming out there on PS3.
So that's a pretty big release over there this week.
Also on the other systems going to the Nintendo Wii, Hospital 6 Nin no Ishii is coming out
in Japan from Atlas.
I don't know if this is a trauma center game.
No, it's not.
I guess it's maybe a spinoff or something.
It's just a different hospital game, but there is your mandatory chick with big boobs.
No, that's the trauma center.
Is it really?
Yeah, the one that we just got.
It looks like an anime or something.
It looks exactly the same.
Really?
It just looks so different.
Trauma Team.
That's what the American one's called.
Weird.
All right.
Well, maybe it's the release of Trauma Team then.
I define better Dark Sakura when you're showing me that guy.
How about how about Fishnet?
No, thank you.
All right.
Also on the Nintendo DS this week, Igo Koro Koyushitsu comes out on the Nintendo DS this
week.
And this is a game where apparently you, I don't, I don't even know what this is.
It's like apples on the cover with the stylus.
It's like, let's draw apples.
I wonder if it's a painting game.
I bet that's what it is.
It's a painting game.
Yeah.
It's probably a let's paint on the DS.
Learn how to paint apples.
Still life.
So they did have a let's paint game on the Wii.
It's a painting game fun.
And then lastly on the PSP, nothing this week, but next week you get project diva on this
Sega from Sega on PSP, you have that to look forward to dark soccer.
How about the UK stuff on the 13th of my Theon for PC and the 16th, we have ancients of UGA.
Okay.
And then, um, on the 18th, we have everybody's tennis.
I'm not alone.
International cricket, 2010 project runway and metal gear, solid peace Walker on PSP.
Yeah.
That's pretty good.
Let's move to Europe right now.
You can't forget about the Korean releases, which last week brought, uh, the new DJ max
game.
That's like ours that we got here.
Should we throw in Korean releases?
No.
Oh, cause we don't want to.
And a Miro.
Yes.
All right.
Uh, let's talk a little bit about 3d on PS3.
That's right.
This week we actually got update on the PS3 firmware, uh, to allow for some games to support
stereoscopic 3d.
Um, these games of course would be wipeout HD pain, super stardust HD and motor storm
Pacific grip.
Um, they have a demo apparently with I think one level that was in 3d and a wipeout I want
to say is all in 3d pain has a 3d level.
You know, that was actually one of the reasons, um, that the, uh, back in the day when, remember
when they were doing the gorillas holographic thing for their concerts, um, they were doing
the projections and everything and they said that, uh, they had to keep sound around it
at a particular level or it would start making the light waves start jitter and they had
that problem when they did with Madonna because when her song started in it was that heavy
bass and it made the holograms jitter.
Well, being that this isn't holograms, hopefully we won't have that problem.
But it's still a matter of, of sight and perception and it's still the waves themselves are still
a physical thing.
The only holograms I want to see are fronted by Jim.
Now this, I mean, looks kind of cool, but you know, it's one of those things.
I'm not buying a new damn TV and I'm not buying, you know, expensive glasses to go with these
TVs just for some of these games.
It's one of those things where when the technology comes down in price in about five years, I
think more people will have it.
But right now I think this is a little too soon, but I am so like over the 3d craze.
Like I just, I see all these movies coming out in 3d like there's the resident evil movie
in 3d and the new saws, everything is in 3d and I'm just, I'm over it.
3d movies make you sick.
Stop it.
I liked Avatar in 3d.
That was a long time.
But Avatar would have been, I would have felt just as fine with Avatar in 2d.
Having seen it both ways, I really did prefer it in 3d.
Well here's the thing with like Avatar or something like that, um, when they're filming
that movie, they're not really, it's just like a normal movie just filmed in 3d.
Whereas a lot of people, when you film something in 3d, they want to do a lot of stuff to really
kind of capitalize on the 3d, like throw stuff at you or you know, have you fly around really
fast or something like that.
And that's great and all, but it's, this isn't like an amusement park ride.
I mean, we don't really need that kind of stuff.
Just make a good movie and that'd be it.
Now the motion box seats, that's more amusement park fare.
And God, please do not have that trend make its way to consoles.
I don't need a moving couch.
All right.
Well, another music game was announced this week.
That's going to be showing its way at the floor at E3 this year.
It's DJ Hero 2.
You know, some folks are saying the DJ Hero didn't really sell what they were hoping it
would.
Although didn't, didn't DJ Hero kind of keep selling?
Like maybe it didn't sell a lot at the beginning, but it kind of has kept selling.
It's done okay.
I think for like a brand new franchise, you know, it did all right.
And considering how much they've supported their download content, in other words, not
at all.
Um, I'm surprised it sold what it did.
Well, there was some, uh, content released this week in celebration of DJ Hero 2.
They did release some free content this week.
Uh, it is DJ Hero 2's mix for Just Dance by Lady Gaga with Ghosts and Stuff by Deadmau5.
Let's listen a little bit of it here.
Yeah, it's all right.
Sounds kind of fun.
Uh, so 70 new songs are supposed to be coming to DJ Hero 2.
Kanye West, Chemical Brothers, Dr. Dre, Gaga, Rihanna, Metallica, lots and lots and lots
of artists going to be in this.
Uh, the sequel will also be putting in microphone game, gameplay.
It's also going to have a lot more of, uh, two turntables at once.
So literally you will have, yes, two turntables and a microphone.
Oh, how many times have you heard that joke this week?
Then they got it.
They totally have to put back in there then.
Um, yeah, it's interesting that they have the karaoke mode in there.
I guess it's kind of cool to have an additional person playing.
Um, I wonder if they didn't mention anything about a guitar here, you know, guitar mode
coming back.
So I'm wondering if they're going to do something special with that, if they're gonna have like
band mode or something.
I hope they just scrapped it.
I didn't like it in the first one.
There was only, there were only 10 songs.
Yeah, but it's, hey, it's better to have something, you know, additional than, you know, removing
something altogether.
Now, granted, if it's a space issue and they want to replace those 10 songs with better
songs.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's fine.
Um, did you see though the freestyle, um, crossfade stuff that they have now?
No.
That's pretty sweet.
Whereas before you could do like, you know, those freestyle sections where you had the
red button.
Yeah, I hate it.
Well now they have freestyle scratching so you can do like sections where you can do
scratching and freestyle cross fades and they'll actually give you cues where different like
vocal things start and you can crossfade back and forth.
That's really cool.
Yeah.
So a lot more stuff.
And they also said, um, you know, those samples that you trigger and stuff, how they really
have the annoying, um, uh, flava flave samples and stuff like that.
Well now the samples are going to be, um, you know, tying in with the songs instead.
You're not going to choose these different sample sets.
So Tiger class says, I mispronounced the name of that other artist is dead mouse.
Well, it's not my fault.
He has to type all week.
And he has an awesome, whatever.
He has an awesome mouse.
Apparently he's in the game.
I think he has a giant mouse head.
We need some more like real dancey artists or real club artists like pendulum.
They're supposed to be focusing it more on, um, you know, electronic artists this time.
I hope so.
Pendulum would be awesome.
That would be, that would, I'd buy the game day one more than I already will buy it day
one.
Oh, I'm buying it day one as it is.
Oh yeah.
Even though I don't play the first one, I'd still want to go back to it.
It's just, you know, I, you know, I'm buying that day one scene with rock band three with
the keyboard because I totally want to play that.
I wonder if they'll improve the turntable at all because there were so many people that
were having problems with like buttons stop working and I have problems with the scratching
doesn't always trigger.
Yeah.
It's a little tricky sometimes.
Um, I don't know.
I have a, what was it, a, uh, beta controller and I also have a regular controller.
I have a wired controller.
Nice.
Oh, I have the wired three 61 from the demo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Demo controller.
Yeah.
All right folks.
Well, believe it or not, before we get to the end of part a, I have to break guys cause
we do have some special news.
That's right.
We break for this a special news report here.
Apparently this comes to us.
Thanks to Twitter and uh, uh, Bobby sent this along and alerted me to what's going on here.
Apparently the event is starting to get underway.
The whole, uh, kinetic event, they have forced the entire audience to wear ponchos.
They're all in these metallic poncho looking things.
Apparently the Xbox event will involve a splash zone or something.
I don't know what the hell is going on.
It's going to be there hitting watermelons and tall.
This is the one, this is, they're repeating this Monday night and you, you, here's the
thing.
My mom and I actually had the opportunity to go to this event, but a day late cause
they're redoing it tomorrow night and we were like, that's okay.
And now I'm really feeling that was a good idea.
I would, that looks fun cause I don't know.
I'd like to get watermelon on me or something.
You get to keep these little shoulder pad poncho things.
Everybody looks so happy in the pictures to be wearing them.
They're probably like, Oh my God, I'm going to be a TV with this.
I'm not even joking, Bobby posts a link in chat.
I know you're listening.
It's funny.
Good stuff.
Big silver.
But if everybody in the audience is wearing that, it's going to look weird on TV.
You know what I was thinking though?
I was, I was making the joke, I'm like, you know how these camera games just really suck
and they don't work very well.
I'm like, is that what I need to wear?
Yeah, it's going to come packaged in.
Well you know how they had like, was it the stupid jumpsuits and stuff?
So apparently the connect only works if you're really wearing like a silly costume.
It's all silly costumes only.
All right, we are getting to the end here of part a on our show, but you know, we cannot
call it quits until we get to one more segment.
We have to do the segment every week because if we don't, dark soccer finds me down and
threatens to kill me.
And sometimes she does.
Uh, it's the classic game of the week.
Dark soccer is going to dive into the vault and find a game she thinks you kids ought
to be playing this week and respecting dark soccer.
What is the classic game of the week?
Today's classic game is magician Lord.
And I literally walked into the vault and looked, what's the first game I see a magician
Lord.
Okay.
Which is a Neo Geo game.
It was developed by alpha Denshi and published by SMK and it is a Neo Geo arcade and the
home systems and virtual console came out in 1990.
So this is a platform game and it's, uh, it actually was one of the pack-ins for the Neo
Geo AES.
So that's probably why I have a copy.
Um, but it's about this wizard named Elta who is the last magician Lord going to save
his homeland.
And um, you go through and you get different spheres that will give you different abilities.
Um, excuse me, they can jump and shoot and climb and do all kinds of stuff.
I mean, you know, those fire and he cosplays every time he gets a sphere.
Well, okay.
He actually gets different abilities with each sphere.
Um, he also walks really funny and even if he walks fast, he still looks like he's prancing
kinda like it's just like he's climbing a ladder right now, but you just have to look
at him walk.
See, well, he's in, nevermind.
He wants funny when he's in for me.
Anyway, so he got, has a dragon warrior form who breathes fire and it's a continuous short
range attack and you can aim it diagonally and then water man where, um, those water
grenades that are blue bubbles that explode into water pillars, which sounds kind of like
caterpillar, but not, um, and then there's Poseidon, which is a more powerful water man.
He shoots waves of water and has a lot of damage and he can freeze enemies and shatter
on impact.
It moves very slowly.
The Shinobi, um, has, um, he's more agile and has powerful magic arcs of fire.
They are wide, but still moving.
There's the Samurai who can attack through barriers, which is walls, shields, multiple
enemies with the boomerang like energy attack and then Raijin who, um, gives Elta the ability
to jump a lot better and has an electrical field around his body and I guess that's because
Raijin's an electric person.
Um, so that is the game.
It's just, I think that he just walks really funny, kind of prancy funny.
He does.
He prances a little bit.
It's kind of funny.
I like his, his, a stylish blue hat.
It's quite stylish.
Yeah, very stylish.
I like that game.
All right.
There it is, folks.
Your classic game of the week.
Magician Lord.
Very classic Neo Geo game.
It's not a fighting game.
What's that?
He was fighting the purple nipple.
Yes, he is fighting the purple nipple.
Level one boss.
Good stuff.
Wasn't that game on Nick Arcade a lot?
Magician Lord?
I think so.
I think so.
I always get that one in Blue's Journey confused because the Magician Lord guy is really, really
blue.
Yes.
He is very blue.
Quite blue.
All right.
We are going to take a break here at Orange Lounge Radio, but don't worry guys.
We'll be right back with plenty more.
We're going to get to your phone calls tonight, of course, some rapid fire news, the mailbag
and all that good stuff we always do.
Also tonight, I've been keeping it a secret.
I want to do a little something special for you guys that are listening tonight.
We're going to do an Orange Lounge Radio game.
That's right tonight.
And we're bringing back a game tonight.
I know a lot of you were asking for a list list tonight, but we did list list for last
year's E3.
We, there's a game we haven't played in like months and months.
Alright guys, video game match game is coming up in part B tonight when we come back.
So this is good because we actually have four people in the studio, so we can actually kind
of do the video game match game.
So we'll be right back after this quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live on this Sunday evening, June the 13th
of 2010.
We've got a lot of busy, busy E3 pre news tonight and lots of breaking news and updates
going on and all this stuff happening.
And will the madness never end?
Of course not.
I'm Tom Brokaw with a special report.
No, actually what's going on here, Alan just forwarded me this email and I kind of knew
about this.
I guess this email just went out from Blizzard kind of pimping their new real ID system on
World of Warcraft.
And one of the things you're going to want to pay attention to on this is the whole real
names for friends system.
Actually let me back up.
Let me talk a little bit about what this real ID thing is.
Basically it's Blizzard's own internal version of Steam slash XFire for their own games.
So you can see, like if you have friends that play WoW on different servers, you're going
to be able to talk to them on those different servers and interact with them and so forth.
But here's part of the catch that goes with that is that you're going to have real names
for friends.
Your real ID friends will appear under their real life names on your friends list when
chatting, communicating in game, or viewing a character's profile.
Real ID friends can also see who's on each other's real ID friends list, making it easy
for players to connect with other people they know.
I hate that.
I'm not going to use this.
I don't want people to know my full name.
I use a fake name here on the show.
I realize some people do, but it's kind of one of those like, you know, I don't really
like to advertise it.
I don't want to be found that easy.
You know what I mean?
I can't imagine that they're going to force you to use your real name, that there won't
be some sort of option to use a fake name.
Also, maybe they'll go by what your account name, whatever you put for that.
And I have used multiple accounts on WoW and I have used random names.
So I think I had to use my real name.
I think I might have tried to put my just my last initial and that's what I would like.
I don't care if it's my real last initial, but I don't want, I don't want somebody to
Google my name and find all my WoW characters, especially with what I named some of them.
Okay.
It's not, I don't need my students at work doing that.
Sassy pants?
Sure.
So anyway, I don't know, I'm just, it's kind of irritated.
Allen is saying that they're taking it from the billing name of the credit card.
That's ridiculous.
And if it's true that they're trying to connect it with Facebook, that's even worse because
sorry, I just got sent another picture of everybody in ponchos and I'm laughing.
There needs to be, honestly that, that's a, I even have to say that's a violation of privacy.
It totally is.
I really hope that can be suppressed.
I hope Blizzard is not that stupid.
Blizzard, if you're listening, I hope you are not that stupid.
That'll make you pay $25 to change it.
Will I get a pony with it?
Probably.
We'll see.
Or a pet.
Alright.
More breaking news.
Will there be more breaking news throughout the show?
I don't know.
It should have been a game.
Like, how many breaking news interruptions will there be tonight?
It's a crazy night.
Alright guys, let's get back into some gaming news.
We're gonna do some quick stories here.
Loki and myself.
Jamie's sitting out tonight because of her voice.
Loki, go ahead and let's get to some quick news.
Uh, Portal 2.
Just like the party that they were gonna have for Portal 2.
It's been delayed.
Well, the party got cancelled.
Game delayed though.
Not coming out until 2011.
And that's too bad.
Oh well.
Game though that is coming out over here, also in 2011, which is kind of a surprise
seeing as the last game hasn't sold very well at all.
Um, Yakuza 4 is slated to be heading to North America and Europe in Spring 2011.
Hopefully, they do not cut out a ton of stuff like they did with Yakuza 3.
Final Fantasy 9 is making its way to Playstation Network next week.
And personally, 9 was my least favorite on the Playstation.
But hey, if you still wanna buy it, it's only gonna be $10.
And that'll be out.
Uh, did you forget about Final Fantasy 8?
That's a great game.
A great game to make fun of.
Whatever.
That game is 8 better than 9.
Yeah, 9 is terrible.
What is wrong with you people?
Avivi was cool, Nquinna was funny, and the game sucked.
I'm doing a show with insane people.
And you've just learned this now after what?
How many episodes?
370.
Yeah.
So, yeah, next Tuesday.
That'll be coming out.
Finally, they're teasing something related to a Potapon beta test.
This apparently is counting down.
Doesn't say when it's supposed to end.
I'm guessing sometime next week.
I hope that's hours and not days.
I don't know.
Well, during E3 would kinda be the time to do it, so.
It's on the Japanese site.
And it's interesting though, maybe it's gonna have online multiplayer.
Obviously, if they're doing a beta test, it's probably gonna have online multiplayer because
they have to stress their servers, but I don't know.
Not really seeing anything on the countdown site.
But yeah, if you want to check it out, it's www.jp.com, s-c-e-j slash marusen, m-a-r-u-s-e-n.
It's down to 86, so it must be hours.
Yes, it's hours.
So that would probably be sometime this week during E3.
Surprise.
Perhaps their press conference time?
Maybe around?
I don't know.
About three days?
Yeah, maybe.
Let's see.
All right.
Moving on to some other news.
Puzzle Quest.
Yes, the news keeps coming on Puzzle Quest.
Actually, this is great.
Chapters one and two are free on the iPhone right now.
So if you want to grab free Puzzle Quest, you gotta do it right now.
I don't know how long this is available for, but I believe it's just the weekend.
So unfortunately, those of you listening to the podcast Monday morning, this sale may
already be over.
But yeah, chapters one and two of Puzzle Quest, they split it up on the iPhone.
It's free right now.
Now, if you actually get all the way to the third chapter, it's gonna cost you $1.99 for
the third chapter.
But really, is it gonna hold your attention that long?
I got to the training dummy and then I stopped.
It's a little wonky on the iPhone because I did play that a little bit.
And my problem with it on the iPhone is that my 3G is not built to play a game like that.
It will be better on that new iPhone 4 or whatever's coming out in a couple weeks.
I have a 3GS, so I'll see how it does on mine.
It'll probably do a little better with yours.
What did you think about the iPhone 4?
It looks amazing.
Do you really want to get in that discussion, Loki?
Yeah, sure.
I'm gonna get one, absolutely.
Well, my contract, I'm one of those people where my contract is up in October usually.
So I get the whole retro deal or whatever from AT&T where I can upgrade and it's coming
out right in time for my birthday.
But you know, I need a faster phone.
Like a lot of the apps are really hurting on the old phone and you know, just for the
technology to catch up.
I love the idea of a front-facing camera.
I think the video conferencing is going to be fun.
It'll be a fun little toy to have.
What did you think about the motion controllers or the new stuff?
With gyroscope?
We're going to get layer on it.
I'm curious to see how it's going to be implemented.
But I'm a little worried though because I know I'm going to get these video phone calls
from Miklatov.
Miklatov's going to call me on video.
He's going to be like, look, my Pokemon evolved.
Unless it's adorable.
Will I do that?
He'll totally do it.
I'll only do it when I get black and white.
And video editing on live.
The HD camera thing is pretty cool.
I'm actually surprised you of all people asked this, Loki.
Are you interested in this phone call?
No, I was watching the live blog because there was really nothing going on this week.
So it was kind of like my, I guess, preparation for the live blogs and conferences and stuff
like that that are coming this week.
Kind of the prep course.
I'm sorry.
Bobby, I just stopped listening to this show because Bobby sent me a link here on Twitter.
Another Twit pic.
That is itagaki in a space poncho.
I need a live journal icon of this immediately.
Dark Sakura, can you help?
It's itagaki in the space poncho.
Send it to me.
Space poncho itagaki.
That's all you need.
I love it.
He's kind of looking up like, behold, the future is in my poncho.
Oh, this is great.
I'm sorry.
I'm having to distract Shane for a moment.
Perhaps we can, uh, I had to show him my favorite car ever.
This Microsoft is genius.
They're getting all these celebrities to put on space ponchos.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Felicia day in a space poncho.
There you go.
Itagaki.
I'll make you.
I just did take your private message.
I'm going to make one of him.
This is in the ponchos as space rock star.
Hey, you want to know something, uh, or kind of a funny game we should play?
How much will these space ponchos go for on eBay?
I hope they're covered in watermelon.
You know, that's probably just going to be some sort of light showing or reflect off
the space poncho.
They better like make you turn those in on the way out because they have another show
tomorrow night.
We could have worn the space ponchos.
You know, if you don't go to work, we still laugh at you.
I would have been like breaking news.
We could take emo pictures like the first few people that had them see ditch work or
space poncho ditch work or space poncho.
Now it's a tough call.
I get it that those would be the same thing.
So I'm sorry.
Work or space poncho.
The only way that this could possibly be cooler is if they had a Conan O'Brien there and he
just starts doing in the year 2000 because that would be awesome.
I wonder if they're branded at all and if they don't make you turn them in, they could
probably go for a lot.
It's probably like the glasses after Captain EO.
There'll be a large man standing there making you deposit them in the bin or he will rough
you up.
What is that?
Captain EO at Disneyland.
Do you remember the honey I shrunk the audience thing?
That thing was weird.
Okay.
Imagine that with an 80s movie starring Michael Jackson.
It's the greatest motion picture ever made.
I can't believe that for a second.
It's coming back.
It's there.
I saw it a couple weeks ago.
It's amazing.
They brought it back after Michael Jackson kicked it.
Yes.
After he beat it.
After they realized that honey, I struck the kids, wait, we haven't done that in a long
time.
I have to say that the honey I shrunk the audience was pretty fun because it had Eric
Idol in it.
Bobby Black Wolf in our chat room.
Bobby is pointing out a, usually you can keep stuff from Ms press conferences.
I still have the ass cushion they gave us in 2007.
It's in my garage.
What was that used for?
Well, I noticed it gives you hemorrhoids.
Well, if that's, that's the same, there was the one that was, this 360 is so great.
My eight is is flaring.
I went to the 360, um, uh, dealie, uh, where they had us, uh, with the headphones and they
didn't let us keep the headphones, but they were expensive.
Well, these are from the future, these space ponchos.
So they might be expensive too.
So if I called in sick to work tomorrow, I might get in trouble and get a writeup, but
I would get a space poncho.
It could be worth it, but see, here's the thing.
Okay.
I think I have like a couple of coworkers who listen to this show now and the bad thing
is I'm actually legitimately getting sick.
So if I do call into work tomorrow, it's not for space poncho.
It's because I'm sick, but now they're going to go around telling people, Oh, if you listen
to Rob show, he called in sick cause he wants to go get a space poncho and then they'll understand
either way.
No, actually my coworkers are pretty cool.
They'd be like, as long as I get as long as you wear it to work.
Most of my coworkers, like most of my coworkers are like, you do a radio show.
I wonder if I could wear that to work.
It's like, yeah, I've worn Santa hats before.
I can't see how that's any different.
Just come back from LA and show up to work in your space poncho.
What you need to do is you need to go around E3 gathering parts to this grand costume that
you will wear through E3.
Well, it's going to be mostly lanyards probably.
Lanyards and space poncho.
Black Wolf and Chat says, I've never heard that they're doing this event again though,
but we have an invite.
Yeah.
We have tickets for tomorrow.
Yeah, but we're just not going, but now I kind of want to go grab the space poncho and
leave.
Ooh, it's a good idea.
I don't know what it is.
It's a repeat for fans or something, right?
Yeah.
It was a higher Cirque du Soleil and the blackout on TVs till Tuesday, I think there's a reason
for it.
They're probably doing fans tomorrow or something.
Yeah.
It was something through, I guess, the campus that they're holding it on and they were giving
away tickets to the public and we scored a couple.
That's cool.
Space poncho.
All right.
By the way, we were supposed to be doing news and Black Wolf says, are you sure it's tomorrow?
Yes.
A hundred times because this is the same question Rob asked me.
Yeah.
And I put him through the whole interrogation too.
I'm like, okay, well, are you sure it's not Sunday?
But no, it's Monday at the same place, so it's not the press conference, it's the same
place and it's called the Natal reveal or whatever.
And if it's not, I'm sure I've gotten a text about it now saying, oh crap, you guys, it's
tonight, not tomorrow.
Yeah, exactly.
So I don't know what that's all about, but they're doing it.
Black Wolf's like, are you sure?
Yeah, I saw that.
I'm as sure as I can be without actually being there and seeing the tickets, but my contact,
you know, I trust.
Megalotov in a space poncho says yes, it's true.
All right.
Anyway.
Are you sure you're positive?
Okay.
Come on.
Let's, let's move on.
All right.
Other stuff.
Civilization five has a release date.
Yay.
September 21st is when Civ five is coming out in North America.
24th is when it will come out internationally, which means it will be pirated internationally
on the 21st.
This is the civilization that has hexagons in it.
Basically there'll be more information at E3 next week.
You know, I'm going to be checking this out because I loves me some civilization.
All right.
Duke Nukem Manhattan project is a real, it's coming to Xbox live for 10 bucks on June 23rd.
A little trailer hit the internet this week.
And uh, I believe what, this is a 2d game, right?
So this is actually kind of retro graphics.
Yeah.
So it's 3d, but it's a 2d side-scroller action.
It's kind of where the 2d games are going these days, right?
That's cool, but it's not Duke Nukem forever.
Let's still kind of be, cause if you remember Duke Nukem's roots were a 2d game.
I think a lot of people forget that Duke Nukem was a 2d game first.
Where's my Halloween Harry remake.
It's a good day to die.
All right.
Good stuff.
You may remember, and since this isn't our show roll, I'll talk about it.
You may remember there was a lawsuit filed against the people working on Duke Nukem forever
because they took too damn long and uh, that's been settled.
So perhaps Duke Nukem news in the future, maybe?
And actually, um, I don't remember if we can get into that later.
Nevermind.
Oh no, no, no, we're not.
Um, actually, uh, one other thing, uh, kind of going back to when we were talking about
Rock Band 3, uh, there was also, remember, a lawsuit, um, against, uh, MTV games and
harmonics for, uh, Rock Band and from Gibson.
And that's been settled because you know who's making the super pro, uh, guitar controller?
Gibson.
So.
Here's a random game.
Super Dimension Game Neptune apparently is a new game coming out.
It's a Japanese role playing game.
It's about game consoles who transform into anime girls.
I am not making this up.
It stars such people as Purple Heart, Green Heart, White Heart, and Black Heart.
That's so, uh, imaginative.
Uh, they're gonna fight Magicon, which I guess is the villain in the game.
It's basically like, um, an R4 device type thing.
Well, it's, uh, Nippon Ichi who does Disgaea.
They are a part of this.
So is Compile Heart.
Uh, they do Agarest Reward.
Uh, lots of interesting things there.
Apparently classic Sega characters are supposed to show up in the game.
Space Harrier, Altered Beast, Alex Kidd are like the summons in this game from the Nettoons.
That's awesome.
And apparently, here's the thing.
I'm getting this.
You can also use images from your Playstation 3 photo library.
I'm getting this.
It's a PS3 exclusive, which means region free, kids.
I'm getting this.
Sounds pretty awesome.
Wasn't the Neptune a code name for one of the Sega systems anyways?
That's kind of ironic.
I believe it was.
Yes, it was.
Good stuff.
Uh, the Dreamcast's code name.
Uh, Marissa Congusto in chat.
Hi Marissa.
Says Gibson, referring to the earlier story.
Gibson?
Does that mean it's going to be insanely expensive and elitist?
Yes.
Yes.
Let's get into some more gaming news and talk about some of the other big news that came
up this week.
Believe it or not, we haven't covered it all.
Uh, big announcements out of one studio here locally, right?
Yeah.
So games has announced that they're going to be doing some more episodic games.
One franchise they are now going to be creating games for is Jurassic Park.
They have struck a deal with NBC Universal to develop games based on the media giant's
properties and Michael Crichton's, you know, dinosaurs in a modern day franchise being
the first to get the interactive treatment.
You know, I wonder if since they've striked a deal with NBC Universal, if we'll get like
an office game or something like that.
An episodic office thing.
I actually really like this music.
I love the music in Jurassic Park, which is great because like it's such a terrorist like
movie, not like actually about terrorists, but those dinosaurs like rip people in half
and listen to the music.
I was like, did you ever read the book?
I did actually, believe it or not, I read the original Jurassic Park book.
I did not read the lost world, but I did see the movie because I thought it was weird that
he made a book sequel to a movie because like different characters died in the original
book.
Yeah.
Like everybody died in the original book.
Like I can't like spoilers in the book died and then he's suddenly back.
There's a six month thing on spoilers after six months.
It's okay.
And that let's see how long ago is that book written?
Like in the eighties?
Yeah.
That's a very interesting franchise to bring back.
Don't you think?
I think they should do more movies to be honest, because granted the third movie sucked, but
Hey, we're past that now it's been countless number of years, well, not countless, but
a lot of years.
Wasn't the fourth one kind of like held up in the works for awhile?
But they should have, I mean, they had the whole thing where, Oh, the ship, you know,
was on autopilot and landed on the mainland or whatever.
And there's dinosaurs in there and maybe they, some of them escaped and now they're breeding,
you know, that would make an interesting story.
You know, dinosaurs on the mainland, you know, that'd be kind of cool.
Jurassic park was actually kind of an awesome movie.
Like I remember when it first came out, a lot of people didn't like it, but like kids
our age at that time, which had been like teenagers and stuff had my birthday party
centered around it.
When it came out and we'd see it, we went, I, let me tell you how long ago this movie
came out.
You ready?
Ready?
I went to the dollar movies with my girlfriend to see Jurassic park and I had to hold her
hand because she was so scared.
Remember when the dinosaur is looking through like that diner door thing at one of the little
girls and he snorts, he snorts, like she screamed.
It was so funny.
Why is she afraid of snort?
Well, I think she's afraid of killer dinosaurs that will rip her in half.
Cause you remember the, the dinosaur like ate that guy in the toilet, sitting on toilet,
sitting on another universal, uh, movie property that that's going to get the game treatment
as well.
And that's so awesome.
Back to the future is getting some episodic games as well.
That's kind of awesome too.
What, what the hell tell tale like, and I mean that in a good way, like where the hell
did this come from?
Like all them nerds at telltale and I say that in the most loving and daring way, all
them nerds at telltale must have been sitting in the boardroom one day going, all right,
what like fucking nerdy, awesome things should we bring back?
And somebody was like back to the future and somebody else said, fuck yeah.
And there it was, where's day of the tentacle.
We need more day of the tentacle.
Back to the future.
Wasn't that actually a point and click game back in the day?
I seem to recall there was a Lucas arts back to the future game.
I don't know.
Wait, what did it have been Lucas arts?
No, there was some sites.
I thought there was, there was some side scrolling games on the NES that really sucked.
But um, well actually the first one was all right.
The second one back to future two and three was terrible.
Well Jurassic park also had video games, which Jurassic park games were awesome.
Yeah, they were really fun.
I thought the super Nintendo one was scary as fuck.
I liked playing the arcade when we sit in because I used to, I've several times found
that machine on accident.
I think that was fun.
Pretty awesome.
The arcade one is sweet.
The, uh, super Nintendo one, which is kind of top down, they went to like almost a Wolfenstein
mode.
And then the Genesis one where you play as a dinosaur.
That was cool.
That was awesome.
I love the super Nintendo one with that whole first person shooter thing.
And then like the dinosaurs would just jump out of nowhere and like, although because
the super Nintendo's capability was so limited, you had like this little tiny goggles thing
on the screen to see it was, it was kind of sad.
But it used surround sound.
It was one of the first games I had surround sound in it, although I was too poor for that.
I thought it was awesome that it was surround sound on.
Is it pro logic, I guess, because you know, it only had stereo output.
It was one of their old, old, old, old ones.
I don't know if it was like simulated cue sound or whatever, but they, it was an old
version of a, it must've been, um, pro logic cause that's the only, but obviously now it's
coming from telltale.
It's probably gonna be more of a point and click games will be nothing like any of those
games.
But it was pro logic cause I remember, um, running it through our, uh, our receiver.
So good time to the back to the future game.
I mean, there's, there's gonna be a lot of love for that.
Excited about that.
He told me last night and he was looking pretty giddy.
Dude, you need to get Christopher Lloyd in and record a bunch of voice work because that
guy is not getting any younger.
Good idea.
Same, you know, with Michael J Fox to get him in there in the studio cause he is not
getting any younger.
I have some trivia for you.
We have about, well, we had for a while back to the future pinball table and if you look
at it, Michael J Fox's face is not on it because he would not lend the, uh, his likeness to
make the pinball table.
That's right.
It's like what happened with Paula Abdul in that American Idol game.
Who was supposed to play him before it wasn't it Jason Bateman?
No, it was Eric Roberts or something like that.
It was, I forget.
Yeah, no, Jason Bateman played the sequel Teen Wolf.
Teen Wolf 2 and Teen Wolf, the TV series coming to MTV.
Awful.
Speaking of awesome sounding games coming out soon, there is a SpongeBob SquarePants
MMO.
Shoot me in the head.
No, it's awesome.
Here's my reply to that.
What do you have against SpongeBob SquarePants?
All of you.
What is your problem with SpongeBob SquarePants?
It's dumb.
I'm not interested in mental retardation.
I don't have a problem with it.
The show's okay.
It just grows on you.
When I flew to New York once, I watched SpongeBob SquarePants the entire way and it went a little
something like this.
SpongeBob SquarePants belongs to that whole time frame of Nickelodeon kid shows that were
actually awful.
Shut your mouth.
It will be coming out in 2011, but here's the thing.
It's coming out for China, Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Southeast Asia, and India.
No word about it coming to the US.
You will have an online store where you can purchase your own items, meaning it sounds
like it could be a free MMO, especially considering it's being developed for the Asian realms
where that tends to be the more popular method of development.
Awesome.
Tell that to all the people in Second Life.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us since y'all are hating on SpongeBob?
I have something cool, actually cool kind of.
Street Fighter IV might be having, well actually there might be a motion sensing Street Fighter
game in the works.
It was actually Yoshinori Ono, who's the producer of Street Fighter IV, was saying that it could
actually happen.
That he was interested in motion sensing ever since the Wii was launched, but he didn't
think that Street Fighter fit the play.
But he's still interested in doing something.
He mentioned something called wanting to do a Street Fighter fit or Street Fighter exercise.
That's more of a motion sensing game, not necessarily a fighting game.
So I have everything else Street Fighter, I may as well get that too.
It's I don't know, I'm worried it's going to be in that same bin as like what was it
Virtual Street Fighter?
What was it Street Fighter EX?
Was that what it was called?
Yeah, Street Fighter EX.
That really terrible Street Fighter game, it was really bad you guys, really bad.
I kind of liked it.
I actually liked EX too.
Really?
Yeah, I actually for a long, I managed to get it to run on a 486.
Wow.
The first EX, sorry.
That's old school.
We have breaking news Rob.
Do we really?
Yes.
I keep closing the theme song though, I'm not ready.
You have to warn me when you're going to have breaking news.
I just did.
I gave you warnings.
A few seconds.
Alright, well hold on, we've got to wake up the orchestra and get them to warm up.
Alright, here we go guys, breaking news.
Starting from a credible source according to IGN, Retro Studios is creating a Donkey
Kong title.
That's right, the folks behind Metroid Prime are making a Donkey Kong game.
That's going to be weird.
Huh.
First person Donkey Kong.
Okay, that could be interesting.
I don't know how you feel about that.
Do you have to play that with the bongo drums?
There are no bongo drums.
Like Donkey Kong?
Do you think that might be a surprise announcement at E3 then?
Perhaps.
You know what's happening?
People are overhearing shit at E3 now.
That's what's happening is that you get all these nerds together and people who work in
the industry and like people can't help but gossip with each other.
Like one year, didn't we hear people talking about was the year that Activision acquired
Red Octane.
We totally overheard people talking about the acquisition and everything that worked
for the companies.
You never know who's going to be listening folks, just saying.
People started acting goofy when they were wearing, you know, space ponchos.
See, this is crazy.
I deserve that.
You should see the Donkey Kong game we're making.
What's up with that?
Pick an executive, take him out for drinks.
There you go.
Alright, Loki, what other non-breaking news, although it is recent news, do you have for
us?
Then by the way, we're going to do a triple threat.
We're going to do Twitter topics, mailbag, and FUs of the Week all back to back to back
here in just a moment.
As previously rumored, the Dreamcast games are making their way to the PlayStation Network
and Xbox Live arcade.
As digital downloads, in celebration of the 11th anniversary of the Dreamcast, I just
think it's a convenient timing if you ask me, apparently one of the first games coming
out will be Sonic Adventure.
Also Crazy Taxi is confirmed to be coming as well.
Sonic Adventure and Noah's definitely out.
Crazy Taxi!
Because Sonic Adventure already leaked out, just a hint.
It's guys.
We just need Jet Set and we're good.
And Phantasy Star Online, the first ones.
Oh, that'd be kind of cool.
That would be actually really cool if Phantasy Star Online kind of came back, but on Xbox
a little bit.
There's still private servers, Rob.
There's Phantasy Star Universe, too.
We don't talk about that terrible game.
It's not that bad.
It's awful.
Ugh.
Alright, every week we encourage you guys to send us emails.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and we read a few of them here live on air.
Why?
Because we can and we love you.
Now usually DarkSakura dives in and reads the emails, but because she's under doctor's
orders tonight, she's not going to read the emails.
I am!
Muahahaha!
Alright, but DarkSakura can feel free to comment, but she won't be criticizing spelling and
grammar, sadly, because she can't.
Alright, and plus I don't have good spelling and grammar, so I wouldn't be able to criticize
you anyway.
Let's get to the first email.
The first email from our good pal, friend, buddy, RubbaBubbaBubba is emailing us because
he wants to tell us about season two of The Tester.
Now, I realize a lot of people gave The Tester shit, and somewhat rightfully so, but it wasn't
as terrible as I think some people made it out to be.
I think a lot of people who really criticized it didn't watch it.
It wasn't the worst reality show I've ever seen.
I mean, didn't one of those chicks on The Real Housewives get a spinoff show?
Like...
I think a few of them.
When you're gonna hate The Tester, when there's that, I mean, just sayin'.
So anyway, he wanted to write us to say, there is a casting call about to begin for season
two of The Tester.
The prize this year seems to be a one-year contract with Sony, and a $10,000 cash prize.
Hey, Miklotov, I found you a new job.
Yeah, right.
W, you've always wanted to be on a reality show, right?
You could do this.
No, I'm just Survivor.
Www.TheTester.com.
Well, this is kind of like Survivor, but not really.
No, but I know what being a tester is like, and I would not do that again.
You just get the $10,000 prize and quit.
But I don't know, you're in a contract.
I guess that's true, huh?
Maybe I could be really bad so they could break me of my contract.
He also links us to a demonstration of the casting call at PlayStation-staging.gotcast.com.
You wanna read the rules and all that stuff and get a video ready?
I believe they're due any day now.
I'd like to see someone from OLR, even All Games, kind of get in on this, so I have someone
to root for.
But, uh, I won't hold my breath.
I think it might be fun, though.
Come on, those of you that are on fun employment.
I could try, I guess, but I don't want to be a tester.
Think about it.
Reality show.
Yeah, it's so much fun to play the same- I don't think Nellie would be supportive
of you leaving her with the new baby for a few weeks to go film this tester show.
That'd be dumb, yeah.
Nobody seems to understand that you played, like, the same stage over and over again for
eight hours a day for, like, a month.
And you have to listen to the same song when you're doing steps for, like, a month.
So- Yeah, if it's a good song, it's okay.
So it's like playing Earth Defense Force.
I still haven't played that.
I know.
I'm missing out.
Another email in our mailbag at mailbag at orangeloudtrader.com from Shook.
And Shook writes us, hi, OLR.
I would personally like to thank Dark Sakura for encouraging me to go back and replay good
old Metal Gear Solid for the billionth time.
Oh, it's a listener sucking up.
Just kidding.
That's inappropriate.
All right.
Thanks to P- I'm just giving him a hard time.
Thanks to PS1 Classics.
I downloaded it and fell in love with it all over again.
Now I'm going to replay the others, too.
Thank you for the excellent Game of the Week bit from Shook.
Good job, Dark Sakura.
A pat on the back and a cookie for Dark Sakura.
There you go.
But it'll have to be, like, I don't know, like an herb cookie or something because she's
on the natural thing.
You can get raw cookies.
What's that?
You can get raw cookies.
And keep in mind, I'm 70% raw.
All right.
Let's see.
Also, going to an email from dumunny125.
This is our last email tonight, folks, and I'm- oh, this is going to be a great one,
Miklata.
Hey, OLR.
I'm finally sending this email because I got a droid now.
Also, now I can listen to your live stream by means of a free app.
Yay.
You should have told us more information about that app because I always say there's the
all games app on iPhone, but I don't know what to say for droid people.
So no more Crackberry, but now I have a droid-diction.
Anyways, I wanted to ask you guys about Oblivion 5.
Now, actually, that would be Elder Scrolls 5.
Let's just be real.
It's Elder Scrolls, and Oblivion was the fourth game in Elder Scrolls, like Morrowind was
the third and so forth.
And why are you barfing over there, Miklata?
We had this discussion.
Yes, but we didn't have it on the air, so you need to repeat yourself.
Okay, let's have it real quick.
All right.
So, if you play, and if they have it there, Elder Scrolls 5, I said that I will throw
up because I hate the Elder Scrolls games.
Why?
They're great.
They're boring.
They're some of the best games to ever come out for the-
Nope.
You are.
I would rather- Okay, this is what happened.
When Morrowind came out, everybody was like, oh, it's the best game ever.
I was like, okay, it's gotta be awesome.
Everybody says so.
I went to Blockbuster and I rented it.
I returned it, oh, like an hour later, and they're like, oh, well, you can just get another
game.
So I got Unlimited Saga, and then I returned it like 20 minutes later, and I just didn't
care after that because both of those games were awful.
But my point is, Elder Scrolls is so boring.
I guess it's because I don't like the fact that you have the main story and you can do
whatever you want.
That's cool.
But it feels a little bit too much like you can do whatever you want, so who cares about
the main story?
Why don't I just go kill this entire town, or I'll go be a vampire, or something like
that.
I just don't like them.
I do want to get Fallout a try, though, but I don't want to ever play an Elder Scrolls
game again.
So apparently this whole time, Bobby has been leading an effort to get Space Poncho to trend
on Twitter, and he actually got some of the former Gamerscore blog people to start using
Space Poncho, and all these people are now using the term Space Poncho on Twitter.
That's awesome.
We have to go get one tomorrow.
I officially endorse this.
If you have a Twitter, you need to make a post right now about Space Poncho with a little
tweet thing.
So we'll see.
Oh, four new tweets just popped up.
Look at that.
And now to make the full circle, we need a picture of President Cat wearing the Space
Poncho.
Oh, good question from SalaciousPopInChat.
Do you like other sandbox games?
Give me examples.
Grand Theft Auto IV, Red Dead Redemption.
No.
But my dislike for Red Dead Redemption is because I don't really like the Old West,
so the setting just wasn't...
So you just don't like sandbox games.
You want your games to be linear.
Yeah, which might be why I like Final Fantasy XIII so much, because I go forward and I can
just attack enemies, and I don't have to do much else.
All right, let me go back to Damani's email here.
Now, I've never played Oblivion IV until after I played Fallout 3, but I still am really
far into the game.
I was wondering if they'll ever make a fifth Oblivion, because it seems like they're focusing
more on Fallout games now.
Now, I do like Fallout more than Oblivion, but it seems like...
By the way, do you like Fallout?
I haven't played it yet.
I avoided it, because people compared it to Elder Scrolls games.
It's basically Elder Scrolls with guns.
Which might be better.
Now, I do like Fallout more than Oblivion.
There's less people that really have wanted to do a fifth one.
It just seems like no one ever talks about Oblivion, so Bethesda doesn't see it selling
that good.
No, I think you might be wrong, buddy.
I think it did sell very well.
I just think those games take years and years to develop.
There was a rumor about an MMO based on Oblivion.
Yeah, that came out in court documents.
Anyway, that's why I think it's not happening for a while and I was just wondering how much
you wanted the fifth one.
I want it very badly.
Oh, and one last thing.
I signed up for the O.L. Army in the big battle at all games, and I think we need a battle
cry.
A battle hymn or song.
And a slogan.
Now, a slogan would be like, Fight for Ferity Justice.
A battle cry could be like, For the Ferret.
Those are just examples.
I'm not sure what to do for the song.
Well, time for me to be hitting the old dusty trail.
I hope we get more people for the battle.
I'll be serving a tour of duty for O.L.R. and Battlefield Bad Company 2.
Thank God.
I'm glad somebody's representing us in that, because I don't own that game.
Thank God.
Hats off to you, and I hope more people sign up for the Battlefield Bad Company 2 thing
on the 26th.
I don't know.
Do we have a battle cry that we could have?
We need to think about that.
Chatters, I put that to you, too.
What should the battle cry be for the O.L. Army in the big battle?
And please remember, guys, for the Horde, please remember, guys, remember the number
one rule of the O.L. Army when you do participate in this event.
Don't be a dick.
We like all these guys that are participating in it, so don't be a dick.
It's just a fun thing.
It's a fun, stupid thing.
It's like the Olympics.
It promotes peace and harmony and a little bit of spirited competition.
That's what it's all about.
It's the Olympics of video games.
But only all games is invited.
Alright.
Let's see.
Oh, reject false icons is possibly a battle cry that's being suggested.
That's a good one.
I like that from SSJ100Matt.
Alright.
That was it for the mailbag.
Mailbag out.
Orangelaungerator.com if you would like to contribute more in the future.
For now, we're going to get a little bit angsty.
Grrarg.
Dark Sakura.
Um, F.U.
To not have your voice.
Loki.
Um, F.U. to people on eBay to demand more money after an auction closes.
That's not how eBay works, stupid.
F.U. to the fact that I'm getting sick the day before E3.
Dammit.
People at all?
F.U. to Roseville Golf Land for their crappy taking care of their beautiful Technica machine
and for their 16 year old employees that are gone.
Well, there's a lot of angst tonight.
I think you guys did a very good job with your angst tonight.
We are going to get back into some gaming news, but for some reason I forgot to put
on our little list of things we're going to do tonight.
The Twitter topics, we don't want to ignore Twitter.
So here we go, we're going to go to Twitter topics right now.
Are you tapping along on your microphone?
We gotta hear that.
No, that's okay.
It is a very catchy song.
I don't know why, but this song makes me think of Twitter.
It's kind of like tweet, tweet, tweet.
I don't know.
Alright, let's go to the Twitter topics here.
Again, twitter.com slash O.L.R. you guys need to follow us on there immediately.
Tigerclaw305, oh he always loves to send us stories.
Gears of War art director makes an unreal movie pitch.
I'd heard about this just before tonight's show.
Apparently the Mortal Kombat wasn't the only movie pitch to happen this week.
Jerry O'Flaherty, which is the art director for the original Gears of War, he apparently
has done a pitch for a film called Samurai, but I guess it's based off Unreal and you
can actually look at a little clip right here, which there's one on the internet.
You know this is all artsy, it's kind of got that comic book-y look like 300 had a little
bit.
That could be cool.
I don't know though, haven't movies based on video games like really not done well?
Like Prince of Persia did not do as well as they thought, huh?
That's kind of sad.
Ray Ayanami sent us a link here about Arcade Infinity closing down.
No, not before I can go play Technica, why is everybody against me?
This is apparently, well I don't think it's happened yet, but this is an extensive story
that's coming from a website shoryuking.com that I guess is talking about the possibility
about Arcade Infinity closing down.
I don't know what's going on.
Just another week and then I don't care, I guess I'm heartless.
Yeah apparently you say no one wants to come to the arcades, I've lost 40% of my customers
in revenue and it's due to the home console releases of games.
Every month in Japan, 20 arcades close down.
Right now Japan doesn't have any good games to release, Japan still has a lot of games
to develop.
Interesting, but it doesn't say anything about whether for sure this arcade is shutting down
or not.
That's the part that's kind of like getting me here, but I guess, I don't know, it kind
of said here near the end, I can't read this whole story, it's like a feature here, but
they do intend to keep the arcade open strictly for the same reason he goes to work, the people.
He knows most of the people out there are like a friend.
The arcade to me is a business, but the people out there are now my friends.
I get excited for the games that are played.
So he doesn't say it's closing yet.
That mentality closed all of the arcades back in Wichita.
It was kind of sad.
I hope they don't actually close, that would be sad.
Let's see, TigerClaw sent us another link, I'll let him have two tweets tonight because
I'm nice.
Capcom will add Playboy advertising in Dead Rising 2 apparently is one of the big things.
Yes, there are magazines and actual magazine pictures on the wall and then actual magazines
you can pick up that are Playboy.
But this whole inserting product placement or what have you in video games is kind of
starting to become more and more of a trend, yet another way to make money off of games
besides the $10 thing.
We saw the Alan Wake this morning had the sink for the cars.
I don't know exactly what it's called beyond sink, but that was in there.
So now the Playboy bunny will show it up in the game along with some sexy ladies on the
cover of the magazines.
There you go.
She's not wearing a bra.
You know that, Miklata?
She has no bra on.
I have bad eyes, I can't tell.
Well, I was just letting you know.
Pretty glad about that.
She's gonna have saggy boobs when she's old.
Because she's not wearing a bra?
That's why women wear a bra.
Well, we don't want to know her when she's old, we just want to know her now.
Ray Ayanami wants to send us this story about Death Smiles, apparently is getting a US localization.
It's gonna be coming out later this June by Axis.
It was originally developed by CAVE, they did Don Donpachi, Espagluta, and all these
fun games.
Yeah, there's gonna be a localization.
The game is in English, hooray, Death Smiles.
It's coming out in a limited edition set with a faceplate and soundtrack.
Nice.
Alright, that's gonna do it for Twitter Topics tonight.
Again, twitter.com slash olr if you want to send us some tweets.
Show us your tweets a little bit, like the ladies in the Playboy magazine like to do.
Alright, let's get back into some news.
Loki.
Those would be teats, though, that they're showing.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Anyways, so there was a trademark lawsuit filed against EA Sports Active by website
active.com.
Apparently they think that they're famous and that, you know, that apparently people
might be confused that it's actually something from active.com.
Honestly, before this lawsuit, I did not know there was an active.com, so eh.
So we'll have to see what happens or what that's gonna do with EA Sports Active 2, which
will be out this fall.
I don't know.
That sounds stupid.
More lawsuits.
This is America.
God bless America.
Active.com wants some money.
Sorry I was a little bit of dead air there.
I was looking at Space Poncho tweets on Twitter.
Because apparently somebody actually made a Twitter account called Space Poncho now.
How long did that take?
Like five seconds.
A++ to whatever All Games Listener did that.
If it wasn't All Games Listener, it might have been somebody, I don't know.
Some other people are having fun with that little title now, too.
Alright, uh, oh boy.
This game, I saw this actually originally, I don't know, no they didn't post earlier
this week, but it also hit Destructoid.
It's apparently a game called Hey Baby, and I'm not talking about the No Doubt song, no,
this is a game called Hey Baby, where you play a woman who gets aggressively basically
catcalled by men.
They will say, hey baby, nice ass, or hey, I wanna fuck you, or whatever they're gonna
say.
And in this game, you take your aggressions out on these men by killing them.
And then when you kill them, they turn into tombstones.
That sounds like fun.
It's um, it looked pretty awful, I gotta say, actually, from the little trailer I saw.
I think the comment I posted on Oh No They Didn't when I saw the little graphics, I was
like, I think Hexen in 1996 had better graphics than this game.
There's actually a little trailer here we can actually look at here, there's a thing
on Twitter here.
It's payback time, boys.
Graphics are terrible.
I wanna see if we can get some of the, uh, I know you want it.
One of those guys said God bless you, and you're gonna shoot him?
That was a nice thing to say, that wasn't even, maybe you're only supposed to shoot
the bad people.
Some women are dopes, not all, just some, but like somebody saying God bless you, that's
not hitting on you.
You're probably ugly if you think that's the case, okay?
And then you shoot them and they turn into tombstones.
And the tombstones say such awesome things as I love you, and you should leave your man
and come with me, and wow you're so beautiful.
This game looks stupid.
And yep, she shot the guy and said God bless you.
Here's a flamethrower and stuff.
Don't play this game, this looks stupid.
Like I'm all for like woman power and stuff, but play Metroid.
It sounded like it would be fun for just a little waste of time as a flash game, but
that looked really dumb.
That's funny.
What, the game?
Yeah.
It just looks terrible.
It is terrible.
I mean I get it, it's a nice concept for a game, it's funny, but it's just executed
terribly.
Alright, we're going to get into another part of the show here that, gosh, we have
not done this in a very, very, very, very, very long time.
But I'm excited tonight, we're going to bring back the Orange Lounge Radio Match Game.
Yes, that's right, video game match game here on Orange Lounge Radio.
By the way, some breaking news, and I'm not going to play the theme, but apparently the
space ponchos just lit up green.
Why are we not going to this tomorrow?
I have to work, I'm sorry.
I'm telling you, they're going to do the year 2000 thing.
Alright, okay, let's get into the match game.
The way the Orange Lounge Radio Match Game works, we're going to read some funny little
sentences here, and we're going to try to fill in the blanks, and it's up to some contestants
on the line who are going to try to match us.
We're going to open up the phones right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio, call in right now, right freaking now, if you want to play the match
game with us.
And we'll tell you more about the prize in just a minute.
So the Skype line is open, we're looking for a contestant on the Skype line.
And if you would like to play in the chat room, because we always have one on the Skype
and one in chat, just post something in chat, say space poncho in the chat, and we will
pick a random listener that said space poncho, and you will also get to play the match game.
Alright, so space poncho in chat will get you in the match game, or you can call us
right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Looks like we have a caller, somebody got through, hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio,
who's this?
This is X-Link.
Well congratulations X-Link, you got through, you're our contestant tonight on the match
game.
Woo!
Thank you.
Give it up for X-Link!
Hey, alright.
Alright, we have some folks in chat wanting to participate too, so we'll get to that in
just a minute, sorry guys who are calling right now, but we have somebody, so you don't
get to play.
We'll give it about 30 more seconds for our chatters to get their space ponchos in.
Let me ask X-Link real quick while he's on the line, what are you really excited about
for E3 over this next week, is there anything you're really looking forward to?
Space ponchos.
They're demanding it, we have to get them.
I can't go because I have to work.
Cough a little more, sounds sicker.
Alright, I don't, do I count these people that are saying ponchos in space?
I don't know, alright, we'll count them, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10 people want
to play.
You can pick a number between 1 and 10.
Me?
Miklotov, yes.
You can pick a number between 1 and 10 Miklotov because you're our guest.
4.
4!
1, 2, 3, 4.
Zeba is going to get to play tonight, let's go to Zeba and say congrats, you are playing
stand 5.
Okay, so whether you like it or not, I'm playing, we're playing against Zeba.
Alright, any, oops, wrong music, hello, match game theme, hello.
It's been a little while since we've done a match game here, it's a little bit rusty
here at Orange Laundry Studios.
Ryan, do you have any words of discouragement for Zeba tonight, your opponent?
I win.
Alright, let's see what happens.
Can't argue that.
Alright, let me explain, let me explain how the match game works.
We're going to be posting sentences with a blank in them, or reading them to you.
Your job is to fill in that blank with a match, but X-Link, this is very important, don't
yell it out right away, just say ding when you have an answer, and then we'll let you
know when we're all dinged in as well, okay?
Now your fabulous celebrities tonight participating in match game, of course the one and only,
the mute Dark Sakura, mute, just for tonight, the one and only tech master Loki, hello,
and of course the biggest celebrity of them all, me, just kidding, and the one and only
Migglytov, I don't know what else to call him, DJ Max Technica not playing Migglytov,
cause Arcade Infinity is going to close, and then on the drive back up Sunnyvale is going
to burn down or something, and I just can't win, but I got cards, so I'm happy for that
at least.
Alright, Zeba's going to send me messages over private message, Ryan you'll get to yell
yours out as soon as you're ready, alright, do you understand the rules Ryan?
Yes.
Alright, and here's the thing, the winner tonight gets to plug anything they want on
our Twitter, so all our followers on Twitter will get to see whatever you want to plug,
okay, and you can plug it here on the show as well, that's a fabulous prize, is it not?
Alright, here we go, number one, question number one, here it is, Microsoft is being
super secretive about their Project Natal reveal tonight, leaving all the exclusive
video to MTV, this is because they don't want people to find out about all the blank they
will be showing, let me read that one more time, Microsoft is being super secretive about
their Project Natal reveal tonight, leaving all the exclusive video to MTV, this is because
they don't want people to find out about all the blank they will be showing, ding, Ryan
is in, ding for me too, ding, Loki's in, ding, Dark Soccer has given the thumbs up, that's
the equivalent of a ding, I'm just waiting on Zeba to send me a private message, so we'll
see, as soon as Zeba sends me a private message there in chat, we'll be good to go, now of
course if any of our folks are struggling, they can always read chat here, okay, there
we go, we got an answer from Zeba, alright, here we go, question number one tonight, Microsoft
is being super secretive about their Project Natal reveal tonight, leaving all the exclusive
video to MTV, this is because they don't want people to find out about all the blank they
will be showing, XLink, what is your answer? Space ponchos. Space ponchos they will be
showing, what a surprise that that answer came up, alright, Zeba says, they don't want
people finding out about all the games they will be showing, what a serious answer, which
means she's not gonna win, it's like the poor person on the show that gets booed, no don't
boo, it's a good answer, if it was a real game show, alright, that's alright, you never
know, you never know, maybe Dark Sakura's like I'm sick, I don't wanna write funny answers
tonight, Dark Sakura, this is because they don't want people to find out about all the
watermelon smashing, watermelon smashing they will be showing, unfortunately that is not
a match with space poncho, Loki, they don't want people to find out about all the, survey
says, space ponchos, space ponchos, ding ding ding ding ding ding ding, Ryan gets a match,
congratulations, Ryan it's one, Zeba, none, that's okay Zeba, there's four questions tonight,
you have a chance, Zeba just sent me a cry, emote icon, don't cry, it was a good answer,
just, good thing there's no money on the line, alright, Miklotov, you wanna go next or you
want me to go next, I don't care, why don't you go next, this is because they don't want
people to find out about all the, Wii ports, Wii ports they will be showing, is that a
match with games, judges, half point, I give a half point too, half point, I actually think
ports are games so I say games, alright I'm outvoted, a half point for Zeba on that one
and judges rules are final, this isn't real like TV, alright, this has become my answer,
this is because they don't want people to find out about all the, bukkake covered space
ponchos they will be showing, oh, there you go, that's the surprise, that's why they have
to wear the splash zone there, is that a match with space ponchos though, he didn't say bukkake
covered and I think that part is important, could be half point, cause the other half's
bukkake, I don't know, what do you guys think, a half point for X-Link for bukkake covered
space ponchos, he does say space ponchos though, what they're covered with we don't know, alright,
alright, so a half point, a half point for X-Link, so it's one and a half to a half,
there you go, there it is, question number one, right there, how about question number
two, you feeling good so far, X-Link you have a one point lead, I'm always feeling good,
what are you talking about, and we made your opponent cry tonight, that's, I always make
my opponents cry, so that's nothing, alright, be nice, alright, here we go, question number
two, did you hear, you guys are supposed to go what, let's try it again, did you hear,
the Mortal Kombat movie franchise might be coming back if one director gets his way,
the reboot might be pretty cool, but the cast of Orange Lounge Radio really hopes that the
director doesn't forget to have, blank, in the movie, ding, ding, ding, dark soccer
ding, she meeked, she meeked, that was like a beaker type thing there, alright, alright,
Zeba's got the trick now, she sent a not so funny answer, let's see what happens, X-Link,
did you hear, the Mortal Kombat movie franchise might be coming back if one director gets
his way, the reboot might be pretty cool, but the cast of Orange Lounge Radio really
hopes the director doesn't forget to have, dinosaurs, dinosaurs in the movie, cause dinosaurs
in Mortal Kombat have so much in common, alright, it is Primal Rage, oh that would be an awesome
movie, alright, Zeba says the cast of Orange Lounge Radio really hopes the director doesn't
forget to have, Spongebob in the movie, because fatalities, right, I see where, now that was
a better answer, dinosaurs, ok, alright, let's start with dark soccer, the cast of Orange
Lounge Radio really hopes the director of the new Mortal Kombat movie doesn't forget
to have, Cher playing Sindel, the chick with the grey hair, Cher, ok, can you imagine Cher,
I could with her voice, she could sing, and it would be like that, that whole little thing,
I was watching Kathy Griffin earlier today, and I love her impression of Cher, you crazy
bitch, alright, not a match though, not a match, there you go, let's see, Loki, did
you hear, yes, they're gonna have space ponchalities in the game, it's gonna be crazy, space ponchalities,
good answer but not a match, space ponchalities, Miklotov, we really hope the director does
not forget to have, Stryker, Stryker in the movie, why Stryker, cause everybody hates
him, alright, I put, the cast of Orange Lounge Radio really hopes the director doesn't forget
to have, Babalities in the movie, come on, remember Babalities, remember that, alright,
now ok, X-Link, where the hell did the dinosaur answer come from, are you thinking about Mortal
Kombat 2 where you could do the animalities, I was just thinking Jurassic Park and Mortal
Kombat, why not, I mean, you know, they have to have something worth fighting, why not,
why not, alright, let's go to the scoreboard, Ryan is still leading, I keep calling you
by your real name, I hope you don't mind, Ryan is leading with one and a half points
to Zeeba's half point but it's still anybody's game, yes, it's still anybody's game, Miklotov
is just putting it together, oh, I play wow with that guy, alright, here we go, alright,
here we go, question number 3, oh, let me play the music, we are so sad, so sad, that
Portal 2 got delayed until 2011 but in an exclusive statement to Orange Lounge Radio,
Valve said, we had to delay the release of Portal 2 because we forgot to add blank into
the game, ding, ding, ding, ding, we are so sad that Portal 2 got delayed until 2011,
an exclusive statement to Orange Lounge Radio, Valve said, we had to delay the release of
Portal 2 because we forgot to add blank into the game, we are waiting for Zeeba to lock
in an answer, oh, she just did, there it is, alright, alright, xlink, we need an answer,
we had to delay the release of Portal 2 because we forgot to add space ponchos, space ponchos
into the game, I want to point out, these questions were written like 2 hours before
tonight's show, okay, so we had no, I'm just saying, this is pre-space poncho era, that's
right, alright, Zeeba says, we forgot to add bouncing balls into the game, were there bouncing
balls in Portal? There were the little angry balls, oh, that's right, okay, okay, alright,
I see that, the personality spheres, yep, I remember that, alright, alright, well, let's
see if folks here in the studio, the celebrities, remembered about the bouncing balls too or
if they went for the obvious, alright, here we go, Dark Sakura, we had to delay the release
of Portal 2 because we forgot to add unsaturated polyester resin, fiberglass surface resins,
and volatile malted milk impoundments, what, it's part of the cake recipe, you're dumb,
but I love you, when you find the cake, no, I know, the cake sphere, that's part of the
pattern, you know, fish-shaped, you know, methyl something, I get it, nerd joke, it's
funny, it's funny, you did a good job, no, it's funny, alright, Loki, they forgot to
add cake, cake into the game, alright, Miklotov, not a match, Miklotov, they forgot to add
cake, cake into the game, oh my gosh, cake would have taken the cake, alright, my answer,
we had to delay the release of Portal 2 because we forgot to add bukkake covered space ponchos
into the game, I guess that's half a point for X-Link, isn't it, because it worked before,
right, alright, two points for X-Link, a half point for Ziba, there you go, alright, one
more question, Ziba, it is not over yet, it is not over, you still have a chance, you
can do this, it was officially announced tonight, oh, where's the music, we can't play Mets
game without the music, thank you, it was officially announced tonight that the new
Xbox motion controller will be called the Xbox connect, damn it, explained Loki upon
hearing this news, I had a super secret insider that told me to bet all my money on Xbox blank,
ding, ding, ding, that was very fast dings there, I had a super secret insider that told
me to bet all my money on Xbox blank, we're waiting on Ziba, I'm ding too by the way,
I have dinged my answer, so we're just waiting on Ziba to think of an answer there, she can
always, if she needs help, can look at the chat room, the chatters always like to yell
out some answers and try to help out a little bit, let's see what happens, by the way, this
just in, it has been posted to Twitter by orange right, there it is, president cat in
the space poncho, there you have it, dark sakura, I love it, let me post that, that
is truly creepy, that makes me very happy too, let me actually, I'll just retweet that
so all our OLR people can see that, my sims game froze, I'm going to close it now, now
everybody can look at that, twitter.com slash OLR, I went ahead and reposted that, that's
beautiful, alright, we got an answer here, let's see here, it was officially announced
tonight that the new Xbox motion controller will be called the Xbox connect, damn it,
exclaimed Loki upon hearing this news, I had a super secret insider tell me to bet all
my money on Xbox, X link, thought long and hard about this answer, and I'm going to say,
bukkake covered space poncho for the win, bukkake covered space poncho, I see what you're
trying to do, let's see if it works, bet my money on Xbox, bukkake covered space poncho,
zeba has said, bet all my money on Xbox, pokemans, there might be some poking happening, let's
see what happens, alright, dark sakura, told me to bet all my money on Xbox, space poncho,
oh my god, Ryan gets another half point, he's going to win this stupid game on half points,
alright, loki, the Xbox, you know ironically enough, one of the original answers that dark
sakura usually uses, actually fits pretty well with this, so the Xbox propel, I almost
had that, the Xbox propel, good answer, but not a match, Mikoltov, the Xbox motion plus
plus, the Xbox motion plus plus, I think I see what you're doing there, but not a match,
and lastly, my name, they were going to call it the Xbox freestyle and pose, the Xbox fap,
what the hell are they doing, what the freestyle and pose, this photo, it's of space poncho
fest, it's these people that look like they possibly could be cavemen or something, looking
at this giant screen, there's no goats are there, no, oops, I don't know why but that
music seems oddly appropriate all of a sudden, that's some strange stuff, alright, anyhow,
that's going to do it for match game tonight, the final score is zeba, you got a half point,
Ryan, xlink, you got two and a half points, xlink is our winner, yay, xlinks, good job,
a round of applause, a good effort for zeba, yay, bet you lost, I'm sorry zeba, but good
effort, alright, at least you got a half point, most times these are complete shutouts, so
good job, alright, xlink, as the winner, you get to plug anything you want here on the
show tonight, and we will even post it to twitter, so send it to me as a private message,
what would you like to plug on tonight's program, don't know, I didn't know about this ahead
of time, so I really don't have anything to plug, alright, there you have it, good job
xlink, yay, yay, he's plugging apathy, that's actually funny, I was just looking at threadless
and there's a shirt on that says apathy, our country's leading cause of whatever, why don't
you plug orange lounge, or plug space ponchos, why don't you do that, there you go, space
ponchos, there you go, goodnight, night, alright, congratulations to xlink, our winner tonight,
our completely apathetic, I did mention the prize up front, right, so he had like 30 minutes
to think about that while that game went on way too long, alright, how many listeners
did we lose during match game tonight, just out of curiosity, oh we gained some, oh, we
might have to do the match game every week, alright, they just wanted to hear space poncho
said over and over again, they did, the people that download the podcast tomorrow, it's not
gonna be funny anymore after tonight, but now we're gonna milk it up for all it's worth,
a couple more stories for you guys, then we open up the skype line to everybody, everybody's
gonna get to call in on the skype line, but not before we have just a couple more stories
for you tonight, Loki's gonna start it off here, space ponchos, space ponchos, shut up,
uh, yeah, so, let's see, uh, it's kind of funny, they actually, what was the reading
here, power gig, another game, you know, which before the whole rock band 3 announcement
of what exactly they're gonna have there, sounded pretty cool and unique, but it will
also be out this fall, their guitar of course is actually gonna be an electric guitar, a
real electric guitar, that also will have fret buttons on as well, the real difference
between that and say, the rock band guitar is that you can plug this directly into an
amp and actually play an electric guitar, whereas the rock band one, you know, you can
plug it into a midi controller and then play it, um, some of the artists announced for
the game, they have Dave Matthews Band, Kid Rock, Eric Clapton, and um, doesn't say any
other songs, but apparently, it's kinda cool they say, we think power gig is a much needed
and much welcome game because unlike any others before it, it puts a real guitar into the
hands of aspiring musicians, and we hope it inspires our fans and others to start playing,
even when they're not playing the game.
Ironically though, while their guitar may be really cool, they released pics and information
about their drum set, which looks like shit, and the reason why it's pretty crappy is because
you actually don't hit the drums, you hit above the drums, it's like playing air drums
I guess, which is kinda strange, I don't know.
I'm just excited we're actually gonna get to see this game at E3 this year, you know,
because when they went to PAX, they didn't show anything.
Um, yeah, I wish we'd see Scratch there too, that'd be kinda cool.
They might have it for the iPad or iPhone or whatever they were saying.
I'd rather see the PC version, because that's one that's actually gonna be kinda similar
to the console release.
Yeah.
Alright, one more story for you guys, then we're gonna open up the Skype line at Orange
Lounge Radio on Skype, or 1-877-GAME-OLR, uh, it's not open yet, guys, haha, I like
how the calls start coming in like instantly, I'm sorry, I'm just looking at all the Space
Poncho tweets, it's doing pretty good, it's doing pretty good.
It's catching on a little more than President Cat, I think.
It might actually, if the World Cup wasn't happening right now, it might trend, we would
see.
Uh, let's see here, moving on to one more story, guys, about a new game from the guy
who was wearing a Space Poncho earlier, Itagaki, that's right, oh god, Tomonobu Itagaki, he's
the guy who did Dead of Alive, Dead of Alive, Dead or Alive and Ninja Gaiden, and he's kinda
known for, well, tit engines, basically, you know, if you play Dead or Alive, tit and blood
engines, that's right, good times.
Well, he left Temco, and now he's at THQ, and they debuted the game that he is working
on, it's called Devil's Third.
It's from his new studio, Valhalla Games, and it's violence, violence, violence and
gore.
It's gonna be on the Playstation 3, and the Xbox 360, and there is a little trailer that's
kinda surfing around the internet right now, so we're gonna take a look here, at the trailer
here for Devil's Third.
I just wanna see all the blood and violence in this.
Aw, there's, oh wow, that shotgun made all the limbs explode.
Yeah, there were chunks coming off.
No more, that was kinda gross, but funny.
See this is, this is cartoony, ahahaha, I like that, the machine gun, that's the guy
that was flying up the building.
It doesn't look like a bad game, I'm kinda surprised.
See there's a girl in this, this is what the Hey Baby game should have been.
There it is.
The music kinda makes it more fun to watch too.
Oh, cars exploding, Loki, you could do some great YouTubes to this I bet.
Devil's Third, looks like fun.
I bet we'll get to play it.
Yay!
And then decide it's not fun.
We'll see what happens.
Alright, uh, that's gonna do it for our regular stories tonight, but we might have some last
minute stories, I don't know, let's see if any last minute stories are on deck.
And then we'll get to the Skype line, 877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki, you have some quick stories here?
Uh, nothing pulled up unfortunately.
Well, luckily for you, we have a call coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, this is Ray Iannami.
Hi, Ray Iannami, what's on your mind tonight?
Um, about the deskmoss we had posted earlier, I'm pretty sure I already posted something
like that months ago.
The point I wanted to make was the dialogue that they localized.
Like, did you see the screenshots?
Yes, it was all in English.
I thought I mentioned, like, hey, they made it all in English.
Yeah, I thought it was this, I thought some of it looked familiar, but maybe, I thought
maybe the release date was new and some of that, some new information, if you will.
Well, if you noticed, like, do you see, like, how all the dialogue was, like, localized?
Mhm.
Yeah, apparently someone posted this on Shmups forum, and people pretty much exploded over
it, just because of how badly it was done.
I mean, it kinda reminded me of, like, how someone would go about, someone in a forecast
would go about dubbing a forecast anime.
Are you gonna get this game, though?
Are you gonna get the deathsmiles game when it comes out?
Does it look like something-
Um, I've already pre-ordered it, I mean, yeah, the dialogue, the shitty dialogue doesn't
stop the game from being any less playable, but it just worries, but I have a slight feeling
that some people might remember the game for the dialogue and not for the gameplay, but
then again, it's a shmup, and no one really plays the game for a shmup for the dialogue,
so I guess I'm not all that worried.
You play for the bullets everywhere.
Let me ask you another question, Ray, and I'm gonna ask this of all the callers tonight,
so if you're gonna call in to the show, be prepared.
What are you most looking forward to about E3 next week?
Um, besides Space Pontius, I don't really know.
I don't really follow all the, like, big name stuff.
I'm more of a niche gamer.
Alright, well, fair enough.
E3, I guess, isn't a big deal for everybody.
That's alright.
Every gamer gets a voice, even when you're wrong.
No, I'm kidding.
Alright.
Well, Ray, we're gonna let you go, so we can get some more calls, but do you have any last
thoughts for our listeners?
Oh, yeah, I was gonna say, uh-
I got into playing Escalade 2 this week, um, I guess I'll just, I don't know, talk about
it on another call.
Oh, okay.
Well, what'd you think?
Give us a quick summary of what you thought.
It's pretty fun.
Um, it's kinda like a most bullet hell shooter, except being slowed down bullets, and among,
like, other things.
Did you like it, or pass?
It's pretty fun, but I keep, like, not- I keep holding back from playing the game just
because of how difficult it is to play for score.
Alright.
Well, uh, keep playing, and let us know, uh, what you think, alright?
Alright.
Alright, take care, buddy!
Alright, see ya.
Later!
Alright, we're gonna get some more calls here on the Skype line.
877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
Let's get to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hello.
Hola!
Bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio, quien es?
Uh-oh, we have a bad call.
Remember, call Echo 1-2-3 before you call Orange Lounge Radio, it's a good way to test
your connection to make sure it works.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
This is Scarzo, what's up, Rob?
What is up, Scarzo?
What is on your mind, buddy?
Uh, I just wanna tell Mikol Tov, you know, I jumped in my GMC DeLorean, I thought I saw
him on Friday night, I totally forgot to post that on the chat line, um, I saw somebody
who was actually kinda bummed out about DJ Max Technica being down on Friday night, and
you guys were there on Saturday, right?
It's not just me, I guess.
It's not just you, Mikol Tov.
I could imagine that a lot of people would be upset about that, because it's supposed
to be a really, really good game.
Let me tell you, Mikol Tov, straight up, dude, because Roseville Golf Land, um, Rob, go ahead
and fill in your input, uh, Roseville Golf Land is crap, by the way, here's the problem.
They had a problem with the hard drive, this was when I started playing back in December,
they were getting a lot of blue screen to death, the game was lagging, it was slowing
down, it was just horrible, so the problem was, they would just have to restart it, and
I can just keep going.
Uh, it wasn't until, like, maybe a month ago, where it just blue-screened, they would restart
it because they know I'm the regular over there and I will always play during Arcade
Mania, and on, like, Friday, Saturday nights after I get off work, uh, the problem was,
it runs on Windows XP, by the way, it starts up and it says that the program cannot start.
For some reason, it was shut down incorrectly, also known as blue screen to death, and so
for over a month now, I've been just kind of sitting here chilling, but, uh, I needed
Mikol Tov's opinion, is it worth it to get DJ Maxx?
I mean, in comparison to BeatMania, is it pretty good?
Oh, I like it about a thousand million times better.
You have to remember Mikol Tov is totally biased and partial towards Korean music.
This is very true.
In fact, I think he tried, did you try to get it in DDR here in America?
Korean stuff?
Yeah.
No, no, I just thought- I thought you tried to do that.
That'd be cool.
No, no, I might have.
I don't really know.
Weren't there, like, the- I don't know how much I'm allowed to talk about, but don't-
let's assume, let's, let's hypothesize you got to actually suggest songs for inclusion
in the game.
Wouldn't you have written down a bunch of Korean songs?
I think I might have, but I was more always leaning towards, um, 90s music, because who
wouldn't want to do, like, you know, uh, Rhythm is a Dancer, but then it all ended up in Hardest
Party and I was depressed, but anyway, um, yes, DJ Maxx, way more fun, in my opinion,
within Beatmania.
Um, it gives me a reason to play my PSP and, um, I don't know, it just- it's a really fun
game.
Like, when, uh, Black Square came out, um, I got it home, um, because I sent it to work
and I swear I played that for, like, eight hours straight because it was just that much
fun.
Yeah, you've got Mission Mode, you've got, you know, really good songs and, you know,
it's worth it.
Um, I can't really throw my support too much behind the American version.
It was decent, um, and it had a few good songs, but I would, if you're, like, new to the game,
I would go with, like, you know, the classic Y slash Black Square bundle, if that's still
around, because those are two really good games.
Oh, definitely, and I mean, I'm trying to, you see, I'm broke and I work two jobs, so,
you know, I'm just making ends meet.
I'm trying to get a PSP and, I mean, hey, don't give me a rest or anything, I'm going
to try to mod it because the only version that we, you know, that I can get my hands
on as of right now is DJ Maxx Fever.
Yeah, and it's not a terrible game, it's just, there were a lot of problems with it that
they have not released an update to fix, but, you know, you get some of the best songs from,
uh, the first two games in it.
Definitely.
If you can get it for, like, I don't know, ten or fifteen bucks, that's worth it.
Um, I wouldn't pay more than, more than fifteen for it, though.
Okay, and did you hear about the, uh, Technica 2 soundtrack being leaked?
Because I can't find that yet and that's a tough one.
The, um, just the limited edition version?
Yeah, um, it's on a Korean website because I'm friends with some of the Sunnyvale Golf
Land players because that's where most of the, like, top score, the elitist players
are, and one of them got their hands on it and they were telling me about it and I was
just like, man, I gotta look for that.
I bought through, um, a website, uh, the limited edition Technica soundtrack that came with,
you know, the card and the keychain and the soundtrack, um, and I actually have it with
me too because it's a good card holder and I knew I'd get my hands on some of the Technica
1 cards.
Um, the soundtrack is crap, though.
So I'm not really looking...
You know, I was hearing mixed reviews.
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, I like the music.
It's something new for my ears.
Don't get me wrong.
So, you know, I want to give it a shot.
Technica has way better music, Technica 1, and at least when Technica 2, if it's not
already out for real, um, it will have most of that Technica 1 music on it.
Um, I got...
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Definitely.
I want to jump in here because I do have to wrap up and get to other calls, but I like
this caller.
He's got energy, he's local, he knows what he's talking about.
I know, and I can talk about DJ Max, and that's something I can do for hours.
I know, and so if I don't jump in here, that would be good.
Hey, Rob, hey, Rob, this is your boy, Jay Hugo on Twitter, by the way.
Not trying to put a plug.
Don't follow me.
I'm just saying.
This is your boy, Jay Hugo, okay?
All right, no, I appreciate it, and one of these days if I actually go to Roseville Golf
Lane again, although you missed it.
I was there Saturday.
We'll meet up.
I know.
What was I going to say?
Oh, I'm asking all the callers this.
What are you looking forward to at E3 this year?
Man, you know, okay, like, I'm not a big fan.
I don't play fighters, but I love watching it.
It feels like a competitive movie, Marvel versus Capcom.
I got a bunch of friends.
That looks pretty cool, in my opinion.
I mean, I would go... If I could go to E3 with you, I'd be there for the bukkake, but
you know, that's another radio show.
We can't be saying that.
You know what I'm saying?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Are you sure you want that to be put in the podcast?
I don't know.
I'm just saying.
That's permanent.
I'm just saying.
I mean, you could go bleep me out.
I'm just saying.
No, no, it's funny.
It's funny.
All right.
I like him.
He's funny.
We're going to have to get him on the show at some point.
All right.
And the Technica machine will be working.
We can always have a good time.
Good times.
Oh, yeah.
One quick thing.
Platinum Crew is great.
Technica 2, dual mixing, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
The interface is a little weird.
Oh, I love that interface for two.
It looks so nice.
It is.
It's beautiful.
But not as hot as the classical eye singer, the female, when she had long hair, though.
Hoorah.
That's what I got to say.
Coming soon is going to be a new podcast, apparently.
Ironically, a music game podcast with these two.
They're just going to talk for hours about it.
I could do it.
All right.
We're going to let you go.
All right.
I'll let your boy.
I'll let your boy.
I'll let you guys go.
Have a good night.
You know, first time calling.
Thank you so much for everything.
And man, I've been missing out on the last eight years.
But I'm here now.
So let's keep it going, guys.
All right?
Glad to have you, buddy.
You have a good one.
He's a good guy.
He always pimps our show on the Twitter and stuff.
Don't think I don't notice that stuff.
I really appreciate that.
He's very enthusiastic about the show.
Let's take another call from him.
Really appreciate it.
No, we got to get to more other calls.
But first, guys, I know you think I'm beating a dead horse here, but it's E3, I can't control
when there is breaking news.
Tom Brokaw here.
Boo-kake.
Anyway, no.
What I really wanted to point out was that it has been revealed that there is a Star
Wars game.
We mentioned this before.
There is a Star Wars game for Kinect, and it has been announced it will feature controller
free lightsaber fighting.
You got...
I know.
How does that work?
I don't know.
But here's the thing.
You've got to love Microsoft.
You've got to love them.
Well, you can hate them.
But you've got to love them.
They don't even make it a secret that they just rip off other people's ideas and make
it better.
What has everybody wanted on the Wii since the first day people put their hands on that
controller?
Lightsaber battles.
But is it going to be better?
Because you won't have anything in your hands.
It's like the videos for...
It isn't at all, you're supposed to be able to hold up an object, and that's your new
thing.
Okay, I'm going to roll up a piece of paper.
There you go.
For a toilet paper roll.
You have a toilet paper roll that you just...
I'm just going to find a random object, like, I don't know, like a pie roller.
If you go to Kotaku right now, their top story there is showing the space ponchos, and they
have video of space ponchos.
Oh, good God.
All right.
God, our Skype line is blowing up tonight.
Sorry, guys.
We will get back to you guys in a minute.
See that top point right there?
All right.
This coming courtesy from Kotaku.com.
I'm going to close all these people calling.
Stop calling for a minute.
Leave me alone.
All right.
Scroll down.
Hold on.
I'm going to go into Do Not Disturb for a minute.
We will open up the Skype line in just a moment, I super duper promise, okay?
But this is very important.
We need to see space ponchos.
Leave us alone.
What is that?
They are plant people.
This is creepy.
They're plant people.
What the fuck does this have to do with video games?
This is why we have to go tomorrow.
They're just, they're plant people moving around.
They're-
Well, see, they're getting the idea across that you don't need a controller to play.
You just need a really silly headdress and some robes.
I thought there was going to be video of the space ponchos.
I thought so too.
Not the plant people.
Fuck the plant people.
There's, where's, where's bald dude in the space poncho?
That's what I want.
It's got to be really hot with all those people wearing the silvery space ponchos.
I wonder if you can go on YouTube.
I love commenters.
I was wondering if YouTube has some space poncho.
No, they'd be on Twitter.
I know our boy Bobby Black Wolf is monitoring the Twitters right now, and he will let us
know the incident of space poncho because he's trying to get the space poncho thing
to trend.
Hey Rob.
What?
Space poncho five.
Choo choo.
Uh, let's see, by the way, uh, comments from chat room here, Black Wolf is apparently also
read it as an on rails light rail, lightsaber game.
Weird.
I could be down with that.
We'll see.
I don't care about Star Wars.
It's whatever.
All right.
I'm opening up the Skype line again.
You can call.
It's open.
Sorry guys.
It's just, I had to stop and see the plant people.
Thanks.
Loki.
By the way, Loki starting a new blog, right?
Loki.
You want to plug that real quick?
Cause you literally started.
We talked about it.
We talked about it last week, um, and there was some hiccups because as I mentioned in
my FUs, douchebag that I bought the PC from, um, wanted more money after the auction closed.
He's like, Oh, I'm not selling it for this kind of money.
I'm like, well you should have put a reserve price on it then.
And so he refunded my money and I gave him negative feedback after a strict, uh, scolding.
But I did find another PC for the same price, just six cents more.
So a project under $100 is back on.
It's basically a kind of a, as I put it, an experiment in frugality and engineering, um,
that's basically gonna, uh, be tasked in building a working MAME machine.
This is a PC in an arcade cabinet with arcade controls under $100.
That's easy.
You would think it would be.
It's not.
We've done it.
Well, I know, but here's the thing though.
There, there are specific, um, instructions regarding this.
Granted, you could find an old PC and old stuff and do all that, but I'm assuming that
somebody doesn't have that and they have to buy everything.
Buying everything for under $100 a lot harder than it sounds.
So donations don't count towards your under $100.
Donations do not count.
Everything must be purchased except of course, you know, construction materials like tape
or you know, glue and that kind of stuff.
I'm assuming that you have that.
I was gonna say in my backyard, I have an empty arcade cabinet.
We have a ton of controllers and buttons.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm basically, it's worst case scenario.
I mean, if, if you wanted to and you didn't have anything, could you do it under $100?
And the answer is yes.
I gotta get back to the phones.
They are blowing up you guys.
Did you give out the URL?
Oh yes.
Uh, the URL is under $100 at 100 is, you know, the number.
Under $100 mame.blogspot.com will be a link on orange lines later.
By the way, guys, we need a space poncho page on Wikipedia, like right now and get it created
and then link it to all of us before our wiki.
Yeah.
No.
I think official Wikipedia should have space poncho both.
Let's get to another call.
We've got to try and blow these cause our, our phone lines are blowing up tonight.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Ingo.
Hey, Ingo.
What's on your mind?
I'm glad we can hear you this time.
What's on your mind?
I want a space poncho.
Me too.
Sadly, I have to work tomorrow.
Boohoo.
All right.
What if you're sick?
What's on your mind?
What the hell is going on with these Microsoft pictures?
Like cavemen that are emo.
Wait, cavemen that are emo, Microsoft?
Are you talking about the pictures from the event or what?
Yeah, it's the one where they're like, it's like on a hill and they're like, there's the
big old logo there and there's a TV or something.
Cirque du Soleil is like that modern art thing.
You know what?
Wouldn't you be emo if you didn't have fire?
I would be emo if my space poncho wasn't changing colors like I, you know, it's supposed to.
Imagine if the space ponchos glowed blue.
You're just giving me more reason for, to make you call in sick tomorrow.
No, calling in sick tomorrow.
All right.
Uh, what was I, what else was I going to say?
Oh, what do you, what do you most want to see at E3, Ingo?
Uh, Medal of Honor and Power Gig.
Uh, do you know any rumors about these different series and where they're going?
I think Medal of Honor is going to blow Modern Warfare 2 out of the water.
Ooh, them's fighting words.
Why is that?
Because it's the, the, I don't know, because it looks awesome and the guy looks like ZZ Top.
Well there's a good reason right there.
Awesome.
Well, um, you know, I hope you enjoy E3 and all the news that's coming out of it and I
get some stuff.
Is there anything else you wanted to share with our listeners tonight?
I have an announcement.
Yes.
I officially quit Infinity Ward.
Oh my gosh.
Wait, did you work for Infinity Ward?
Yeah.
You did?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
Wow.
I didn't know we had listeners of Infinity Ward listening to this show.
Wow.
Okay.
Now I work for a different developer that I don't want to talk about.
Why did you, can we, can we ask you why you quit Infinity Ward or is it one of those like
it ought to be obvious, Rob?
Uh, kind of.
Appreciative contract on Activision's side.
Ooh.
Okay.
All right.
How about that?
I had no idea.
Congratulations.
All right.
Well, uh, good luck to you on your new endeavors, whatever they may be.
Will we see you at E3?
Are you going to be at E3 or no?
Cause they don't like programmers.
Probably.
Uh, I'll be there.
You just probably won't see me.
Oh, Oh, well, okay then.
All right.
Well say hello if you do happen to see us.
All right.
Okay.
Bye.
Have a good E3.
You too.
All right.
Who knew?
How often were we covering those Infinity Ward stories?
We had somebody on this listening who worked on it.
You never know.
You know, I really hate to do this to you.
I really hate to do it, but at the same time, it's E3 guys.
What now?
Apparently SingStar has a new game that is being revealed at E3.
It is called SingStar Dance, and it's being revealed at Sony's press conference on Tuesday
morning.
It's supposedly compatible with the PS3 move controller, SingStar Dance.
News is leaking out about that tonight.
If you're going to hold the microphone and the move controllers in your hand, how's that
going to work?
I don't think you actually sing.
I think it's just a dance game.
Call it a dance.
I don't have a SingStar title.
Hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is the Space Poncho List SSG100 man.
Hello SSG100 Matt, our Space Poncho loving friend.
What's on your mind buddy?
Not much.
Um, I quickly want to get you guys thoughts on, you know, I have a feeling that this E3
they're going to be ramming the 3D gaming down our throats.
Yes.
What do you guys think?
I think it can go suck my dick because I am not a big fan of E3 or E3.
Wow.
Whoops.
Uh oh.
That's going to get cut.
I'm a big fan of E3.
I love them.
It's 3D.
I am not a big fan of it because it makes me sick when it gets to that level.
Like watching Avatar in the theater for like two hours and all that.
I think all these games are just too much.
I hate it if I have to buy a new TV and glasses for it.
However I will probably support the 3DS because it's all built in and I won't have a problem
with that.
But I don't want to buy updates to games.
I don't want to buy special glasses.
I don't want a $2,000 TV.
I'm extremely...
I do want a $2,000 TV but I don't want it for that reason.
I'm extremely apprehensive about the 3DS but I will check it out and give it a fair shot
and may I be wrong.
I will come out on the show Tuesday night.
You'll know.
I will post the little Rob Roberts and pals at E3 and if I'm wrong I will say I was wrong.
This thing is awesome.
They have a Pokemon game.
I'm sold.
You know if you want to blame anyone for you know this whole 3D thing you got to blame
the TV makers because everyone now is buying... everyone pretty much has an HDTV.
I don't know the exact numbers household wise but you know they need to... they want to
try to crank out you know new hardware, new stuff for people to buy.
The HDTVs and 3DTVs are completely different.
I mean...
Yeah I know but you know everyone pretty much has a 3... an HDTV now so you know they're
trying to get people to get the new upgrade, the new tech.
What do you think?
I'm turning this on you SSJ100mau, what do you think of 3D games?
I think it could work but I don't think that now is the proper time.
Now is too early.
This is all happening too fast.
The movies are one thing and then the rest is... it's too much.
Too much.
You know when our economy is a little more stable, when we're... when we're able to be
a little more frugal to go out and spend these $3,000 TVs with $150 glasses I'll look into
it.
But you know right now very little TV is 3D now.
I mean I know ESPN has jumped on it, I know different sports are doing it but you know
it's just too early.
So.
Let me ask you this real quick, what thing at E3 are you looking forward to the most?
I want Microsoft to give us more you know games for live.
You know like one versus a hundred.
Where are those games?
Yeah whatever happened to that?
Was it just like a simple experiment?
You know what I want to see?
I want to see them do match game.
I would love match game, that would be amazing.
Match with thousands of people.
What I'd like to do is just hook up a couple of Xbox 360 Slims and revive Charles Nelson
Reilly.
Oh my god that would be wonderful.
It would be great.
All right.
I just want to let you go so we can get at least one more call here on this long running
show tonight.
But thanks so much for your call.
Yep.
Have a good one buddy.
Yep.
All right I guess the Kinect event is over, that's what Black Wolf says.
I don't know what happened but there you go.
People probably just walked out.
I don't think they walked out.
Did it blow people's minds?
That's what I want to know.
Was it a mind blowing experience?
Were your minds blown?
Last call of the night.
Hi you're on Orange Llamas Radio, who's this?
You know I'd rather walk around and wear a space poncho throughout Manhattan than play
Final Fantasy VIII again.
Amen to that.
I would.
Boom.
Oh my gosh.
I'd do both.
Whatever.
All right what is on your mind tonight Rama?
I'll make this quick because I know you guys are running late.
Well a few weeks back I finally got my hands on Beatles Rock Band and guitar hero Van Halen.
Okay, so first tell us about Beatles Rock Band.
I've only played a couple of tracks and honestly, my personal opinion, I would not have paid
$59.
I would have paid $39 or $49 for it.
Luckily I got it on clearance for $9.99 at Target.
Hmm, okay, and wait $9.99 for Beatles?
Yeah, select stores at the time were clearing them out.
I'm walking in, just checking what they had.
I saw Van Halen for $15 on clearance.
I looked over and saw Beatles for $10 so I grabbed that too.
Awesome.
Well I mean, and you like the game or it's kind of one of those, well I'm really happy
I didn't pay $60 for this.
I'm really glad I didn't pay $60 for either game because I was really hyped for guitar
hero Van Halen.
I really was.
So I started playing through it and I'm like, I'm not so hyped anymore.
And the one thing that pissed me off is that I'm halfway through the game with the drums.
I figured, let me finish up the other half of the game on guitar.
No, I have to go through everything all over again with the guitar and I said, screw this.
Alright, what about Van Halen, guitar hero?
That's the one I was talking about.
I'm still hoping that one of my favorite songs is in the game, but I don't think it is, but
I just enjoy the music.
That's the main reason why I got it in the first place.
And honestly, I think Activision really need to step their game up because we just got
Green Day Rock Band and well, I'm really liking that a lot more and I think that's how you
really need to do the expansion titles more like that instead of like having practically
all the songs unlocked and all you're doing is unlocking like venues and so forth.
Start out with like six or seven songs and start unlocking all the songs as you play.
Did you play the Green Day Rock Band by chance yet?
Yeah, we have it here.
My roommate picked it up last week.
I'm trying to line up an interview.
I've seen out of it, I'm trying to like line up an interview for like the last part of
the show here.
So I'm like half listening and half doing this.
Sorry I'm the only one engaging our caller right now.
And also before this is over, I want to throw in my two cents on this whole project $10
bullshit.
Yeah, please do.
I think we just got his 10 cents.
It's bullshit.
I'm sorry.
You mean to tell me after I spent 50 bucks on live, I got to spend another $10 for on
line gaming?
If you buy used.
Used?
I don't care.
And a lot of these, and remember like GameStop now is deducting $10 from the price of their
games.
So in a sense, it's not really going to be any more money.
But yeah, but then the new game buyers get screwed because now their games are worth
way less.
Yes, the trade ins will be worth less.
Don't.
They pay for it either way.
And they're saying that this money is going to go pay for the servers and the people that
admin it.
That's bullshit.
No, I know.
That money is going to upper management to fatten their pockets because I'm on that echelon
of like code monkeys and tech guys.
We are the underappreciated folk in this world.
Of course it was a bullshit corporate speak, but we knew that.
Well what are you looking forward to at E3 next week as I've been asking everybody tonight?
I'm actually looking forward to hearing all of what Microsoft has to say, what Nintendo
has to say, and I'm really curious about the supposed price cut of the $199 by Sony.
I'm really curious about that because I heard that twice and I'm like, that's too good to
be true.
Anything else you want to say about E3?
No, that's pretty much it.
That's it.
Alright.
I'm going to let you go, buddy, so we can wrap up the show here and get out and all
that fun stuff, but thank you so much for your call and sorry I was only like half listening.
There's a lot of stuff going on behind the scenes here.
My bad.
That's okay.
We love you too.
Just wait until you come out to Brooklyn.
Yeah, goody goody.
Alright.
Alright, we're going to go ahead and close up the Skyline.
Sorry guys.
We're getting hammered tonight, but so many of you didn't get through and I'm sorry, but
please feel free to send us some emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to get through a little, in a different way
I guess you could say.
Alright.
Let's go ahead and go around and kind of start to wrap up the show and get everybody's final
thoughts.
It's going to be an awesome E3.
I'm very excited.
I really hope I'm not sick or I'm going to be fucking mad, but we'll bring you again
special shows Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday as soon as we can get them posted.
If you don't see anything Tuesday night, don't freak out.
Something just went wrong.
We're trying to get an internet connection.
Or we went to play DJ Maxx.
Perhaps.
So final thoughts.
Are we ready?
My water's boiling.
Well, alright.
Well, bye Dark Sakura.
At least it's not breaking.
Alright.
Um, Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is this week will be fun to watch all the, uh, different press conferences.
My final thought is I'm excited to go home and take some NyQuil.
Yay.
Here's one last thing I want to think about here.
Yes.
Um, Ponder maybe.
Yes.
I want to face ponchos for our avatars on Xbox Live.
That would be amazing.
That would absolutely be amazing.
Um, Miklotov, thank you for being here.
Thank you.
You came out all the way from Kansas just to be on the show, I'm sure.
Yeah, that was exactly my reason.
Exactly.
Sure.
Nothing to do with E3 or Technica.
Mostly Technica.
Uh, so, uh, do you have any final thoughts?
Um, my final thought is I hope that leaked floor plans for E3 are true and I get to play
Pokmon Black and White and see Dragon Age 2 because those are probably the games that
will be my highlights of the show.
Alright.
Well, we'll see.
We're just a few days away from, uh, the show floor being open.
It's less than 48 hours.
Yeah.
Excited.
Alright.
We'll see you, uh, in a couple days with the Rob Robertson Pals special from E3 and then
we will all be here in studio next week.
Loki Dark Soccer and myself, Loki Dark Soccer will be scouring up and down the internet,
uh, throughout the week to, uh, get us some good news to talk about, uh, and it'll be
a fun show, the E3 wrap up show next Sunday.
So we will see you next week with more of Orange Launch Radio.
In the meantime, thank you guys for listening to our show.
Thank you for subscribing to our podcasts or listening live, however you're doing it.
Remember, if you like what you hear, all we ask, tell two people you know about the show.
Help us spread the word because we're not a big, uh, we can't afford a booth at E3.
Let's just put it that way.
Make sure that, uh, you help spread the word.
That is how, um, we get more people exposed to Orange Launch Radio.
Can you afford a taco stand outside E3?
You heard the caller earlier.
He wished he'd known about this eight years ago.
So all you gotta do, tell your friend.
Alright, that's it guys.
Good night.
Have a wonderful E3.
Happy E3!
Yay!
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Launch production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Launch Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Launch Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
