Tonight, June 6th, 2010, a lawsuit is filed against Final Fantasy XIII.
Rumors say a new dance game is coming to Project Atoll, and could you soon pay a new tax on
your consumer electronics?
Hello my friends and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast where every gamer has a voice.
It is episode number 369 for this June the 6th of 2010, 69.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First off, the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
How are you?
Ahhh.
I see, needing a good oiling apparently.
This is the first day I've actually felt somewhat decent, so I've been sick, but I am mostly
over it, a little leftover.
My voice may go out during the show.
You know what you need?
A lozenge.
You need, well that, and you need salad.
Because I took, I had salad today.
I went to, just like, for anybody who listened to last week's show, I went to Fresh Choice,
just like Jamie.
I saw your picture of your lovely salad.
I sent you a tweet.
But I have been eating salad all weekend.
I had an epic salad yesterday, Rob.
Get this.
And so there's different levels of salad.
There's like, you know, there's level one salad, your like basic house salad, then there's
epic salad of awesomeness.
My epic salad had used red vein chard, which chard is delicious, and raw squash, and roma
tomatoes, and dehydrated apples, and chives, and, what else did I put in that thing?
Because I put a lot of, oh, pea sprouts.
Pea shoots, sorry, pea shoots.
And broccoli.
And occasionally we do talk about video games here at Orange Lawns Radio.
With a raspberry vinaigrette.
Now is that-
But don't put your video games in raspberry vinaigrette, it won't work anymore.
Epic.
It sounds pretty epic.
It was really good.
Alright.
I'm gonna have gelato today.
Also here, I've got to introduce the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm full.
You're full?
What have you been eating?
Not a salad.
I can see that.
I don't know, breadsticks.
Breadsticks.
Yeah.
This should be like a food MMO.
I don't know.
Let's go to Sizzler, the MMO.
No.
Don't need that.
Alright.
Anyhow, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
Six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So, do pull up a chair and join us in our chat room if you are listening live, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
We're gonna be talking video games over the next few hours.
Tonight, lots of E3 rumors and kind of things.
You know, we're in that period where E3 is, you know, right around the corner.
Obviously, we're, what, eight days away from the first?
No.
Actually, we're one week away from the first press conference.
If you count the Cirque du Soleil project, the tall thing, where they're gonna announce
the real name of it, which I heard a little rumor, take it with a grain of salt, Xbox
Wave.
Oh, no.
How would you feel about that as the name?
Do you think that's a good name for a peripheral, Xbox Wave?
It's interesting.
I could see them doing little like tidal waves.
Jamie's like waving her hand.
At least it's not the Xbox Flail.
That's I guess a little better.
That's, that would be if they put Para Para on it.
We'll see.
Take that with a gigantic grain of salt.
I was, I just had a thought about the Natal thing and Para Para.
What's that?
Could you imagine that?
It could happen.
We actually have a story a little later on about what might be happening with Natal and
music based games.
It's very interesting.
So we'll be getting into that a little while.
Xbox just made me think about it and I was like, Pala Pala.
This is gonna be a very interesting E3.
Like, you know, last year's, I'm gonna admit, I'm just gonna be honest.
I was kind of disappointed with last year's E3.
I mean, sure.
So was I.
I didn't even go.
There was a few things that came out of it that were kind of, you know, kind of cool.
But otherwise the show was just kind of like a lot of it was behind closed doors.
A lot of it was more conceptual because you had, you know, Natal and Moov being announced
but nothing, and I guess the Vitality sensor to some extent, but nothing really being shown.
You know, so I think this year we're really gonna see what is going to be out on the shelves
this Christmas.
And there's gonna be a lot fighting for your attention this year.
It'll be very interesting.
I like when things fight for my attention.
All right.
Usually to the death.
Well, we'll be getting into E3 and rumors and news and all that in just a little bit.
We are gonna start off tonight's show as we always do, however, with a little bit of how
was your gaming week.
So what was fighting to the death for your attention this week in your gaming world,
Dark Sakura?
Well, as I was playing just a moment ago, I was playing some Portal, but I really have
to owe it to a lot of Star Trek Online because I realized that I had three more ranks to
go before I hit Commander and damn it, I'm almost there because I want that extra pip.
Other than that, I also canned two of my crewmen and now have this weird purple dude or purple
chick who just is bizarre looking, but she's got good stats or whatever.
And I have to say the crystalline entity is a bitch.
What is that?
Okay.
What is the crystal?
I don't.
I'm not a big enough nerd.
It was a next generation foe.
Okay.
And it's this big crystal thing, spiky crystal thing floating in space.
And in the show, they use a high pitched noisy.
Did they inject the warp core to fix it?
No.
Because that's always how you fix the problem.
You inject the warp core.
They pretty much screamed at it.
Oh, okay.
Pretty much screamed at it.
They used a high pitch harmonic or something.
So you're saying that the purple chick is a butter face.
She looks strange, but she has good stats.
Okay.
She has a nice body butter face.
Is that what it is?
Yes.
Okay.
Whatever.
Anyway.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Do we find a picture?
No.
Uh, I want to ask you something Star Trek related.
Have you heard the commercials on the radio?
There is the Star Trek tour is apparently like right around the corner from my house.
Yes.
And McClellan.
Yeah.
That's not giving away where I live on the show, but that's right around the corner of
my house.
Yeah.
It's like one exit up the freeway.
Oh, I didn't know.
Yes.
Oh, I know.
Sorry.
Well, now you know.
And now the entire internet knows where I live.
Send us cards and letters.
I thought you lived in the butt end the other way.
No.
Dan's in the other room singing, knowing it's half the battle.
We need to get Dan a mic in the living room.
We need to get like a, we need to get like a really long cord just so Dan can give his
MST 3k commentary during the show for the living room.
Anyway.
Well, why, how have you not gone yet?
Are we going, are we going to have a date?
I'm going to take you on a date to the Star Trek tour.
Are you going to give me dinner and flowers?
Um, sure.
I'll go steal some flowers from the apartment complex.
I picked them in the front and then, uh, you know, by, by dinner and flowers, um, he's
going to get me that Saturn game where you raise plants and a burger time and then we'll
have some fava beans and a nice can team.
Anyway, um, but what I was thinking about the crystal and this is, this is an open letter
of annoyance to people who play Star Trek online.
First of all, the crystalline entity thing is an open instance.
That means anyone can join it.
Even the most retarded of the retarded, the buttharted can join this instance.
Do not use mines.
Do not use mines.
The way that you beat the stupid thing is you eject the warp core breach.
That's how you kill it.
The way that you kill the thing is that when you get it down to 30% it's going to shoot
out these large crystals.
Don't shoot the fragments, shoot the big crystals because the big crystals go back and regenerate
the damn thing and then it shoots out everything and kills you.
We can't do it, captain.
We don't have the power.
Just people think strategy, please.
Does anybody ever yell that in Star Trek online?
We don't have the power.
No.
I'm sure somewhere somebody has.
They keep mentioning Worf.
And I actually enjoy all the instances that involve the Klingons because they're so much
fun.
I'm really enjoying the game, okay?
And Rob, you were supposed to play with me.
I will use the pass.
I will.
Let's just, you know, World of Warcraft addict, et cetera.
Okay, look.
I'm looking in our chat room.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
And SSJ100Matt is saying that Tigerclaw has already found my house, apparently.
Oh, no.
Loki's house.
What was it?
I don't know.
Well, because Tigerclaw is the expert in our chat room.
Like, if we mention something, he'll have a link in five seconds.
He's amazing.
His Google flu is unmatched.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt also commenting on the date between Dark Soccer and myself.
Rob better put out.
Yeah, Rob.
Yeah.
Put out the credit card to pay the bill.
That's what I'll be putting out.
That's right.
All right.
Let's see.
And then, where was there?
There was another one I wanted to say.
Oh, yes.
BobbyBlackWolf, our old pal buddy friend who does the show before us here at All Games
Radio.
He is hatin' on split second.
Like, if you listen to his show tonight, it's just an hour of split second bashing.
Not really, but it might as well have been.
He says in his gaming week, he ejected the warp core breach that is split second, because
he is not a fan, apparently, of split second.
I have not played split second outside the demo, but maybe next week I'll have more of
an opinion, and I'll either eject Bobby's opinion from the warp core or whatever.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Well, I also have to say the thing that Dan's been playing, because I have totally just
gotten a kick out of watching him play it.
We don't have the other controller hooked up where I'd play it, because you can play
simultaneous on it, is Super Mario Brothers X.
Speaking of pals from All Games Radio, I noticed Derek H. from Dead Pixel Live is in our chat
room, and if you don't listen to Dead Pixel Live, you're an idiot.
It's on Monday through Thursday at All Games Radio, so they do lots of shows.
And he's asking a good question I want to pose to Jamie.
Is Star Trek Online anything like you're in the show?
I did tell him that it's pretty episode-like and that I love it, but I will give a little
bit more of an apt description.
Okay.
You have, you basically talk to your commanders, you can talk to them, be a subspace, and you
get your missions.
So you go to whatever system, sometimes it's just a patrol, sometimes you think you're
going to some abandoned place to look on some research that you don't know why it killed
everybody, and oh, the Romulans are there.
Which is everything I was doing today.
Sometimes you go, actually we had a Section 31 guy pull like a big double switch.
I don't want to go into detail in case you play the game, because honestly the whole
thing with this game for me is that it really is like, I look forward to the story.
Every mission that you go through through the game forwards the story.
And you know, they do new episodes with new missions and everything, and I think that
that's pretty sweet, but really it's like you're playing through seasons of the show.
For me, that is.
I mean, and yeah, there's times where I'll scream at the stupid, you know, the Romulan,
the Romulan medics are the worst because like, shoot, shoot, shoot, regenerate, shoot, shoot,
shoot, regenerate, shoot, shoot, shoot, regenerate.
But they really do, you know, pay a lot of attention to canon in this too.
Like now, I've been reading the books.
Keep in mind, this is a different universe than the books.
The books were written before the new movie came out, and this is incorporating the new
movie into the storyline, so basically Romulus go boom.
Morph gets pissed off at everybody, pissed off.
It really is like a good continuation, but it says something like 20 years later, so
like you actually run into people who were children in the series.
Like you run into Maral Paris, and you run into Kiriyoshi O'Brien, and it's really neat.
I mean, it really is like being in the universe.
Nerd, nerd, nerd, nerd, nerd, nerd.
No, it's cool.
It's cool.
I do want to play a little more.
I only played during the beta, and I wasn't totally absorbed with it, so it was the space
combat turned me off.
I liked the away team mode, but I didn't like the space combat at all.
Actually, Rob, they've really, really addressed a lot of problems with space combat.
Okay, cool.
It's a lot smoother now.
But the other thing too is that once you get a little bit more used to the controls, it
actually is really fluid.
Now, you and I may have had the same problem.
My graphics card was crap.
I fixed that though, and now I can run wow at like highest settings, and it's purty.
Well, then you should have no problem.
When I upgraded my graphics card, a lot of my problems with control stopped because I
wasn't lagging.
Okay, cool.
Because it would literally, now the difference between graphics card lag is that it would
be stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter.
And internet lag is that you'll go forward, you'll row back a few steps, and you'll go
forward again.
But that's very few and far between.
It's just a little lag, and it looks like you've gone back like a millimeter on the
screen.
Wow lag can suck when it's like seconds and seconds of lag.
Freeze, freeze, freeze.
Yeah, just everything kind of freezes in place, and then everything happens in like half a
second.
I hate it.
Oh, it was bad.
I mean, usually the game doesn't get too laggy, but when you get those lag spikes, oh man,
world of hurt.
No, I hated it.
I mean, that was one of the reasons.
I like the lag in Star Trek Online a lot better than the lag in World of Warcraft.
In fact, I actually don't like World of Warcraft, so that helps.
Well, I tried.
Nine, eight.
I got a character to 20, Rob.
I know.
I got one to 20.
I know.
So yeah, if anyone wants to play with me, just saying, my whole account name is DarkSakura.
My character's name is Edarn, E-D-A-R-Y-N.
So yeah, I'm playing a Trill, whatever, because Trills are cool.
And so, yeah, we need a fleet, we need the O.L. Army fleet.
So there you go.
You can stalk DarkSakura on Star Trek Online.
Yeah.
I am right now hanging out in Romulan space.
Anyway, what I was going to say about Super Mario Bros. X.
Yes.
It's a Flash game.
You go to SuperMarioBrothers.org, and you know, I'll spell it out all over the word.
Not B-R-O-S, not Bros.
No, not Bros.
You have to do the full brothers.
Brothers, yeah.
But you can download the Flash game.
Dan's actually running it through our computer that's hooked up to our TV, so he plays it
at 52 inch widescreen.
But it's basically a rehashing of the Mario levels and things done in different, like
I love the first game on the list, it's called the Princess Cliche.
But it's basically this guy's made different, you know, Mario, Super Mario games that'll
have elements from Super Mario World, Super Mario 3s, even the flurries from Super Mario
2 are in the level.
I thought it was a very good looking game, I mean, it just looked like Super Mario World.
At least the little bit I saw, I didn't, you know, Dan tried to show it to me in about
10 seconds, like, you gotta check this out, but I...
He was playing levels last night that are really reminiscent of Super Mario 3.
Well the part that made me go, oh neat, is that it was two players simultaneous.
Yeah.
Kind of like the new Wii game is all simultaneous.
Yeah.
Well, we and I haven't played it together yet, but I have to say that it's, dude who
made that game, well done.
Very much well done.
Enjoy it while it lasts before Nintendo sues the pants off those people, although there
is a big splash screen that's basically the equivalent of please don't sue me, I love
Nintendo.
They've been around for a while though.
Has it?
Yeah, it's been around for a while.
Yeah, well, like, the game on, one of the games he has on there is like the first one
he ever did, which is really annoying because all you ever get is mushrooms in it, but it's,
it's really, it's really, he did a great job, like there's this one level that Dan was going
through where you have to, you get the buzzy beetle shells and you have to break purple
blocks with them so you have to get to the purple blocks and everything to unlock a door
and it really, it's got some definitely creative elements in it, I'm, I'm pretty, I think it's
pretty cool when I have some time that I'm not feeling like, you know, crap, I'll play
it.
Alright.
Well, let's move on with our gaming weeks.
We're almost 20 minutes, and Darsaki, you played a lot tonight, actually most of that
was Star Trek Babble.
That's okay.
I also still had to do a plug.
Oh, yes.
Well, let's do it during housekeeping.
Okay.
Because I, there, I do want to give that plug as well.
Uh, Loki, what did you, oh, you're, you're chowing down over there.
You ready to talk about gaming week?
Almost done eating.
Alright.
Sorry.
Bad time.
You want me to go my gaming week then?
No, I'm ready.
Okay.
Okay.
So this week I played really only three things, um, Red Dead Redemption, played a lot more
system link co-op and the game is surprisingly, I don't know how to really put it, the system
link games, we have trouble staying in the same game, like it will have trouble joining
a system link game.
I have never seen a game that has trouble joining a system link game.
And the system link game means your Xbox are connected.
You're not even on the internet.
You are literally connected table to table and it's just like, can't find the other Xbox.
It's like, oh, you're in your own game and I have to find a new game.
Oh, you're in your own game again.
Find new game up.
There he is.
And we're like, we know we finished the mission or whatever co-op mission is split us off
into two different games again.
I'm like, what the hell is wrong with this thing?
But yeah, it's very buggy.
Um, we had issues with, um, where we were playing and we got dynamite and the molotovs
and stuff like that.
And it stopped showing us the explosions and the blood splurts and also the fire.
And then my friend had trouble going through a gate because on our screen, the gate was
open.
On our screen, the gate was shut and locked.
So it was interesting.
But um, yeah, it's, it's still really fun.
Um, I haven't gotten to play a lot of online cause trying to join games online, at least
at our work where connection's not so great.
Um, it's near impossible to do it.
So we just basically stick to System Link games cause at least that way if live drops,
which it does all the time on our, um, connection there at work, it doesn't matter.
So that's kind of fun.
And then also this week I went and played, um, some Grand Theft Auto, lost, er, not lost
in damn, but, uh, Battle of the Gay Tony, more of the Episodes of Liberty City stuff.
Um, still playing through that.
I'm actually still moving up the ranks cause I haven't lost a game in a few weeks.
Um, I'm 63 now, which is pretty cool, and really frustrating the hell out of my coworkers
cause they're getting pissed off now that I don't lose any games.
They're saying, because there was a guy that used to play with us named Chris Marsh and
they're saying he, what I'm doing is very Marshian because he would, you know, pull
off these just crazy ass, um, kills and stuff.
Like for example, in the old, um, PSP game, uh, Liberty City Stories, it was very glitched
out.
I mean we had problems with like teleporting grenades and whatever, um, but he actually
got one kill one time.
He actually got two kills out of one death.
It was just ridiculous because he killed somebody and somehow they had just driven over like
health or something and then they got a second death.
So he got two points for where he should have only gotten one.
I've actually gotten assists off of, um, what was it, assists off of my own death.
So I actually got points for me dying, which makes zero sense whatsoever cause you're not
supposed to be able to do that.
And it's not my fault, it's just the game is really glitchy and, you know, that's just
the way things are.
Speaking of glitchy games, I've gone back to Earth Defense Force 2017 and I am going
to beat it this time.
We actually, um, were playing some more and, uh, just going through the game and, uh, almost
finished with the game now.
So I will be finishing that game hopefully soon.
Kind of, uh, just had to dust it off again.
Actually cracked my copy, but thankfully a while back I bought the last three copies
we had for five dollars each.
Nice.
So I have spares.
Wow.
You should, I don't know, give one of those away as a prize.
I was playing on it some day, but I cracked the copy.
Endorsed by Loki edition.
It's awesome.
I bet the developers would love that.
Alright, uh, anything else for your gaming week, Loki?
Um, that's pretty much it as far as stuff I've played.
I'm kind of working on something right now.
Well, I'm working on a lot of things cause that's just the way things work.
Um, working on painting the baby's room, which is game related because it's New Super Mario
Brothers themed.
That's gonna be cute.
You just need to put pictures on the, um, LR feed.
Oh yeah, there will be tons of pictures.
That's gonna be pimped out.
We got some of the wall decals, but we're gonna paint a lot of it, but we want the wall
decals for the characters and some of the other stuff.
You're doing Mario you said?
Yeah, New Super Mario Brothers theme.
I have a plan I can give you to make hampers look like the, um, the pipes.
Huh.
Well, I'll have to look at that.
Cause I was just gonna get giant PVC and make it into a pipe, but.
That was, well, it's something that I had planned cause that's what Dan and I were gonna
do.
Cool.
And then I got some other stuff from ThinkGeek.
Uh, like I got a, it was a open source, uh, music box.
So we have it so that you can make the Super Mario Brothers theme on that.
And then some Mario figurines.
And we're planning on doing some, um, uh, question block shelving and custom carpet
that's, or rug that's gonna have Mario Brothers stuff on it.
Really there is no Mario Brothers furniture out there.
But you would think, you know, with the popularity of Mario Brothers that there would be a ton
of stuff out there.
But it's not.
There's a lot of handmade stuff on eBay that's just super expensive and really ugly.
But um, yeah, a lot of it's just gonna be handmade and, uh, will be really awesome.
Of course there'll be tons of pictures for it once it does get finished.
Um, the other thing I'm working on right now, and this is just kind of an on a whim thing,
uh, that I decided to do the other day is what, cause I love the, uh, phrasing project
$10 that EA has been using, you know, cause they're charging people lots of money for
stuff that should be in the games in the first place.
Um, but I decided to come up with project under $100 and what project under $100 is,
is building a working main cabinet under $100.
And that's including everything, including shipping.
Now, although I'm pricing stuff out now, I don't know if I can include shipping in there
cause it's, I want to do a two player cocktail, but, um, it might be a little difficult.
But basically though, um, you know, involving, uh, actually getting like an LCD monitor,
computer, uh, all the arcade parts and that kind of stuff under $100.
It might end up being $120.
We'll see.
Uh, after all that stuff, cause like I said, I don't want the extra buttons and joystick
and stuff.
Uh, so far I have the computer and the monitor for under $70.
So I'm off to a good start.
And um, the cabinet itself will be funny because it will be made out of cardboard.
Nice.
Thanks to the US postal service because you can get a ton of boxes from them for absolutely
free and they ship them to you.
Wow.
That's kind of cool.
Very cool.
Uh, comments from our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
If you're listening to us at All Games Radio live on this Sunday night, please join us.
If you're listening to us on the podcast, remember you can always send us your comments
via Twitter or mailbag, mailbag.orangeloungeradio.com.
Some comments from chat, ssj100matt, uh, talking about the baby room says diapers go in the
chomp chomp bin.
Get it?
Cause yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, Derek H says, uh, if he does that, I'm assuming talking about the main cabinet, I'm
doing it.
My main cabinet is an old laptop, a monitor and an Xbox 360 controller.
Yeah.
Great.
I mean, I could have done a lot of stuff.
Hey, I've got some spare parts.
I know this doesn't cost me anything, but I wanted it so that it can be somewhat reproducible
because the problem is though, like shopping on eBay and buying new stuff, you never know
what you're going to get for what price and I mean, you know, ideally you get one day
is not a deal.
You're gonna get another day.
So I got lucky with some of that stuff.
Like I said, I got a monitor for $32 an LCD monitor, 15 inch LCD monitor that has one
dead pixel, but I don't give a shit.
It's you know, going in a cardboard cabinets, who cares?
Um, and I got a computer for $35 that's basically, uh, it's a 1.6 gigahertz processor, which
is fine for MAME and I think a half gig of Ram, which is perfect for MAME.
It's not going to be able to run anything really great, but it's just for MAME.
That's all it really is going to be used for.
Um, and then the cabinet itself, I'm kind of wondering, cause I'm not sure if I can
do all of those boxes from the US Postal Service, uh, because they're only about a foot high
and if I want like a cocktail cabinet, it's gotta be a few feet tall.
So I may have to supplement it with some other stuff, but, um, I'm just kind of throwing
around the idea.
We got like this gift card from work for ironically enough selling split second and, um, so I'm
using it for that.
I bet Bobby would be proud to know that you got rewarded for selling extra copies of split
second to people.
Good job, Loki.
It's a, it's a decent game.
I mean, you know, I don't know.
All right.
Uh, anything else?
Loki.
That's it.
All right.
Let me get into, uh, my gaming week.
Cause I, it was pretty busy.
You know, we haven't been live the past two weeks.
This is our first show live in, I guess what, three weeks then because we had two shows
off.
We had the show not planned to be off where my car broke down and I wasn't here in time,
but we did have the podcast feed.
So if you haven't heard episode three 68, we taped it later in the week, like a few
days later, it went to the podcast feed.
We couldn't do a live cause there's other all game shows on during the week, but we,
we taped something and put it to the feet.
Uh, and the Memorial day, we'd always plan to take off.
Well, Memorial day, the reason why we were off, some of us are going on vacation.
Uh, Alan and I went up to Portland and had a really good time, but what I wanted to share
with you guys was this awesome place we found in downtown Portland.
We had no idea this was there.
I wasn't even looking for it.
Just came across it.
I saw a giant sign with the space invaders on it that said barcade.
And I'm like, no way.
It's like a bar in an arcade.
And one of our friends that was with us was like, yeah, they have like old games there
and you and I'm like, okay, we're going, we're going, let's go.
It's classic arcade games and beer.
And that's exactly what this place is.
This place called ground control with a K. And I guess actually one thing I didn't realize
it's one of those arcades that's also participating in the save the arcades to campaign.
Uh, we had a story on that a couple of weeks ago because arcade infinity is also competing
with this place.
Well, I got to tell you, this place was awesome.
I had a good time and, uh, you know, I, I didn't try to talk to anybody or I wasn't
like, you know, I'm from Warren's Laundry, you know, I just, I went in as a, as a patron
and I had a really good time just playing some of the classic games and that's really
what this place was.
It was full of classic games.
I played burger time.
I played Qbert.
I played, uh, Marvel versus Capcom.
I played pinball, like the upstairs was just pinball, pinball, and more pinball.
I was like, I think I had to, I sent a message to Jamie on Twitter or a text or something.
I was like, Jamie, you have to come here like right now.
Here's pinball everywhere.
I played theater of magic, which is one of my favorite tables they ever did.
And uh, Arabian nights, which is awesome.
That's the one with the giant genie lamp in the middle that spins around when you hit
it.
Awesome.
I don't remember seeing it.
They had a lot.
They had more pinball machines than I've ever seen in an arcade at a lot.
But there were like, somebody asked me if they had space jam.
I didn't see space jam.
I did see Dr. Who.
That made me think of you.
They had a Dr. Who table, so that was pretty cool.
The only complaint I have about the place is that the game, the games are packed in
so tight because the real estate there, there's not a lot of it.
There's a lot of like brushing up against strangers and not a lot of elbow room.
I got to say, I was there on a, was I there Friday or Saturday?
No, we drove in Friday.
So it was there Saturday night.
It was pretty hopping.
Like you would think this is kind of a niche thing, but just add booze, you guys.
They have beers on tap and they were, they were a hopping place.
There were quite a few people in there.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, it's kind of like Dave and Buster's for those of us that are into classic games.
So I endorse this place.
If you're in the Pacific Northwest, you need to check this place out.
It's ground control.
It's a lot of fun.
Um, they do all sorts of theme nights, uh, apparently throughout the month too.
And they have bands that, that perform there and everything.
So I, yeah, I had a good time.
So I'm surprised.
And one thing, and Alan said the same thing, and I commented on this too, is that why in
the hell don't they have this in San Francisco?
Like there's nothing like it in San Francisco.
And you would think of all places, kind of tech central, you know, NorCal would have
something like it, but sadly it does not.
Uh, SJ100Matt says that there is a barcade in New York City, Brooklyn to be exact.
You know, I think I'd heard about that, uh, but I had not been there.
Um, Bond006 in chat says, did you have a geek moment?
Yes, I did have a geek moment when I went in there and squeed.
And I watched my friend, get this guys, I know a long time OLR fans will appreciate
this, they had a DDR Extreme machine that I watched my friend play for only 50 cents.
Good times.
And no tokens.
They, that was another refreshing theme.
Everything actually ran on quarters and they had to have signs on the machines that say
don't use this for your laundry, buddy.
That's old school.
Good times.
So yes, uh, A++ for ground control and I hope there's more places that spring up like it.
Um, as far as other games that I've played that you don't have to be in Portland in order
to, um, access, I did play a couple of new games since I was in Oregon.
Oregon is infamous for not having sales tax, at least to those of us in California.
So I loaded up on games.
I bought four new games this week.
I bought Blur, Split Second, Red Dead Redemption and Alan Wake.
I bought all of those games so that I could save a little bit on sales tax cause I'm cheap.
Although I bought four new video games.
It wasn't that cheap.
Uh, I played two of them this week cause I didn't have time to do everything and I was
kind of focusing.
I probably played Blur more than any other game that I got this week.
Um, and Blur is pretty cool.
It is exactly what they are marketing it as in the commercials.
It is Mario Kart meets Burnout.
It is, you know, Mario Kart for grownups, um, but it's, you know, obviously there's
something to be said about the cute factor of Mario Kart.
I don't think that Mario Kart is simply just a kid's game, but if you ever thought, gee,
I'd like to play like old school Burnout, but with powerups, that is exactly why they
made Blur.
That's, that's the simplest way I could describe it.
It's Burnout with powerups.
Um, and it's a lot of fun.
I think online especially has done very well.
Um, I, I, it's very easy to find a game, join it, you get to vote on the track you want
to do.
It's kind of very easy to just get in there and play and have some fun online.
There are noob only rooms that are restricted to those that are level 10 and under and I
thought that was good so that you can play with people that are new to the game.
I was actually able to win a game because of that, which shocked the hell out of me
because I never win games on Xbox Live because you're always against some expert.
Um, so I, I, I had a lot of fun with Blur.
I do have some complaints about the game or things they could do better in the sequel
because I, I, I'm, I'm pretty sure there will be a Blur 2.
There deserves to be a Blur 2, um, and, uh, there are some things I would like to see
them do better in the sequel.
First off, my number one complaint about the game.
The soundtrack blows.
Um, it's non-existent in some parts and I don't really know like what the music score
is.
In some parts, like there's a movie in the beginning that kind of had a cool song I recognized
in it that was neat and, and in the opening menus, there's some cool techno songs, but
you would think something with that look of Blur, like the neon, the kind of like F-Zero
but not in the future look that Blur sort of has the burnout meets F-Zero look, uh,
you would think has some type of like techno thumping soundtrack to it, right?
Or something like that's what burnout had.
The burnout tracks, EA tracks, I mean, granted Blur is by Activision, but you would still
expect there to be somewhat of a soundtrack, but it, it wasn't there.
It wasn't notable for me.
And from what I understand, you know, they had this agreement apparently signed where
I guess Crystal Method produced a soundtrack.
I was just expecting something a lot more.
Um, I was tempted just to really use custom soundtracks the whole time.
I was very disappointed in, in what should have been a better soundtrack.
My other complaint is, believe it or not, the graphics are not awesome.
You know, like they're, they're good.
They're definitely next gen.
They're a step above what you're going to see on the Wii.
But I wasn't like blown away by the graphics, like, yeah, Blur has this neon thing going
for it, but that neon is often mixed in many stages with Highway 50 going through Nevada,
like that very brown, blonde, dusty kind of theme, which I don't know what they were trying
to go for with it, but it, it didn't make the graphics look that notable.
Honestly, the graphics were kind of comparable to Fuel, which didn't really have A++ graphics
either.
So I was a little bit disappointed.
But in the end, graphics and sound are not the only important things in a video game,
and the game itself is still a lot of fun, and I am having fun making my way through
it.
I am deserving of a sequel.
I hope they just put a little more polish on it next time.
That is what I would hope for.
Comments from our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Bond006 says, has anyone seen the underhand slap at Ninty, Nintendo, in the Blur ad at
the end?
Oh yeah, I think the Blur ad is great, and it's really perfect for what Blur is trying
to be.
Awesome.
Deathwishing says, the graphics are better than Fuel.
Trust me, I loved Fuel.
I liked Fuel a lot too.
I thought Fuel was severely underrated.
But Fuel was also, the biggest problem with Fuel is that it was too ambitious, and there
wasn't enough polish because the world was too big in Fuel.
That was its biggest problem.
Its ambition was its own worst enemy.
And to some extent, maybe that was the biggest problem with Blur is that they spent so much
time on the game itself, which is where you should spend the time, don't get me wrong.
I think some of the graphics and sound I think suffered a little bit.
But let me say this too, because this is important.
One feature that's in Blur that I think a lot of people overlook, that does make it
pretty awesome, and may explain why the graphics take a hit, it does have split screen multiplayer.
So you don't just have to play this game on Xbox Live.
You can play, like Mario Kart, two people on one screen.
So that's kind of cool.
So, you know, take it with a grain of salt, I suppose.
Maybe that's why they had to make some concessions with the graphics and sound.
The other game I played this week, Red Dead Redemption, which might surprise some of you
guys who listen to this show.
It's not usually the type of game I would play, but the reviews on it have been so stellar,
and I've read such good things on it, I'm like, I have to pick this up and know what
I'm missing.
I'm gonna be honest, I haven't played a whole lot of this story, because I can't stop shooting
random people.
That's right, the minute they gave me a gun, I just walk up to random townspeople and shoot
them.
And I'm trying to find out all the different ways to kill them.
Like, you can shoot them in the face, or run up to them and shoot them in the stomach,
and I laugh maniacally every time to the point...
You need to get the lasso.
That's what I'm hearing, everybody tells me that.
Once you get the lasso...
Dan just said the same damn thing when I walked in there.
It's just...
Okay, my sister came over, she's been playing Red Dead Redemption as well, because I got
her a copy, and she just comes over and just can't stop laughing at what she's been doing.
She says one of the things she likes doing is lassoing a coyote and dragging it into
the middle of town, and then letting it go, because it will attack whatever it sees.
That's pretty funny.
And then you can tie people up, throw them on the train tracks, you can tie people up
and push them off a hill.
My favorite is calling my horse over while I'm standing next to a cliff and it just dives
off the cliff, because it's just stupid.
Honestly, here it is with Red Dead Redemption.
It's sandbox gaming at its finest.
It really is.
If you've ever wanted one of that Wild West sandbox...
Grand Theft Horse.
There you go.
Grand Theft...
Well, it is.
It's the same engine.
It's that rock star engine...
Rage.
Yeah, Rage.
They're proprietary engines.
And they're euphoria.
Tigerclaw says, wow, sky is sadistic, very uncharacteristic of you.
Dude, I just...
I don't play these games an awful lot, but when I do, it's really funny.
I don't take it seriously.
You guys know how...
I know a lot of you guys must be kind of like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Isn't Rob the same guy who went off on the Saw movies and now he doesn't like them because
they're too violent?
Well, yeah, but Saw is kind of like realistic and like Red Dead Redemption, like the graphics
are good and all, but it's not realistic.
You know what I mean?
There's a difference.
There's a huge difference.
I can't explain it.
If it makes me a hypocrite, well, screw you.
SSJ100Matt says, Rob, what would your mother say about this?
Rob, that's just gross, Rob.
My mom said we could call her by the way.
Really?
We're going to have to do that.
I don't know if we should do it tonight.
I'm going to say next week.
We should.
Yeah.
And if you...
Let's do it after E3 because I think the next two... because next week is the Microsoft
thing, but definitely in the near future, we will make that work.
Kitsune says, Red Dead Redemption feels so much more fun than Grand Theft Auto IV though.
You know, I kind of agree.
I don't know what it is, Kitsune.
I feel the same thing.
There's something about it where I don't know if it's just the environment or it's just
the story or I just get drawn into Red Dead Redemption a lot more and I do Grand Theft
Auto IV.
I don't know.
Deathwishing in chat says, Rob, I got mauled by 13 cougars at once.
That's awesome.
I was instantly thinking of...
I was instantly thinking of Courtney Cox in Cougar Town.
Is it just me?
Is it just me?
I was thinking of Blanche because you know she...
Blanche.
Ah, rest in peace, Blanche.
I know.
I know.
I miss those old broads.
All right.
But Betty White has outlasted them all.
That's right.
There can be only one.
And Betty White has proved she's the HBIC.
That's right.
Okay.
That's pretty much it for my gaming week.
We're literally 40 minutes into the show.
Haven't touched a damn bit of news.
So let me do some quick housekeeping, guys.
There's some new articles at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
There's been some great, great retro reviews, retro rear views written in the past couple
of weeks.
It's been done by baseballs, got some gameplay.
There's a story on Metal Gear.
A new segment that's being done by ActDeft called Video Stumble, which is kind of neat.
So check that out, guys.
Our website is expanding with all this kind of retro-ish content, and I thought that was
really cool.
I also uploaded some pics from my Portland trip.
If you want to see the picture of the Burger Time machine and the OLR initials, I put those
up at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, so check those out.
I also want to give a plug.
Maybe I'll let Jamie plug this, but she wrote a great article on our friend website.
I don't want to say our sister website, but our BFF website.
We'll say that.
Our BFF at Geek-Life.com.
Tell them a little bit about what you did, DarkSucker.
Well, actually, I have a regular panel on there every week on Tuesday that's called
Geek Cube, talking about how to incorporate your geeky life with your work life.
But I also write other articles, like I did a review of this place called Fairy Tale Town
for little kids.
But I also did a write-up for OrangeLoungeRadio, since we get a nice big plug on the website.
So I just basically kind of did the not-so-secret origin of OrangeLoungeRadio.
Well, it was a historical type of thing, and kind of went through how we evolved from the
show that was on the living room floor about DDR and 2DX to the show we are today.
It was pretty cool.
I mean, and really, it's the question, you know, we get asked it fairly often, like,
how'd you come up with that name, and how'd you come up with this, and how long you been
doing this, and what was it like, and blah, blah, blah.
And there's a few of you who've been here since, you know, episode one, which I think
are all in this room, and two people in chat.
So but, you know, I really just wanted to go through and sort of give, you know, a little
origin story, you know, how we evolved, how we've gotten to where we are now.
By the way, I hear DarkSakura might not be the only OLR host writing something for Geek
Life.
Wahaha.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
I'll give you a hint.
It's not me.
Well, just to go ahead and do the call-out, we are looking for people to contribute content.
Just basically go to geek-life.com, and we have a little link on there for submissions
so you can submit to our will.
Although I really need to be writing stuff for orangelawnsradio.com, too.
Yes, I do.
And we don't want to sadly neglect that.
Well, we can, we can.
But we've got great fan staff that's been doing a good job, so props to all of those
kids.
But yeah, keep a look out because, you know, and also you may see a few things cross-posted.
Very cool.
I'm actually going to have an interview up on the site next week, next week I hope.
Interview, interview.
With Jim McCann, who wrote New Avengers The Reunion and is writing the current Hawkeye
Mockingbird and the Dazzler one-shot that was fabulous.
Geek Life, indeed.
Well, and that, that and he's just a really, really cool person, so.
Sounds like fun.
All right.
Geek-life.com.
The dash is important.
What happens if they don't put the dash in?
Do they get porn?
Probably.
All right.
Let's see.
Geek is porn?
Could you imagine?
Oh, it's probably is there.
You know, actually, I don't know if you've noticed, but your ads on Geek Life, a lot
of them are for geek dating sites.
I don't know if you've noticed.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There you go.
So, and again, if you do click on ads, does, does, does it, does, does Maren get some kickback
for the click, ad clicking?
I think it's, yeah, I think it helps cover the site.
Just goes to pay for the site.
So, click on ads and have a good time.
All right.
Hey, I want to mention this too, because I got asked about this earlier tonight.
I don't have a lot to say on this yet, but we were asked, apparently All Games Radio
is putting together this thing called The Big Battle.
And I was asked if we are participating.
I literally found out about this today.
But from what I understand in a nutshell, it is a bunch of the shows at All Games Radio
kind of getting together.
And it's kind of one of those things that when you hear the idea, you're kind of like,
this should have been done like two years ago.
Like, how obvious is this?
And why haven't we done something like this a while ago?
But our props, I don't know who is spearheading this.
I think it might be Dead Pixel Live.
I don't know.
But props to them for putting it on.
It's going to kind of bring the All Games community together in big battles on games.
I can't 100% for sure confirm our participation yet, because I have to talk to Dark Soccer
on Loki after the show.
See what we can do.
But why wouldn't we?
I mean, really.
I mean, I'm all about like trying to promote the All Games Network and other shows.
And I think a lot of our greatest listeners has come from the cross kind of pollination
of the shows.
And I've always said, I realize Orange Lounge Radio is not for everybody.
There's some games we just don't really talk about here on the show.
Like Madden.
Actually, we have a Madden story tonight, funny enough.
Usually, we don't talk a lot about the sports games like Madden.
But there's other shows on the network.
They talk about that a lot.
And they probably would go, DDR?
What are those guys doing?
So if you don't like us, surely there's another show on the network that caters to your interest.
So I'm definitely all about that.
So sure, I'm sure we're going to participate.
It's just a matter of figuring out what games we will actually be able to play.
However, as I understand it, this is not just a host versus host thing.
This is a listener versus listener thing.
So we're going to need you, OL Army, to sign up and represent us in some of these games.
So I will hopefully have more details for you on that next week.
Again, I'm not confirming our participation, but I'm just saying, it's probably going to
happen.
All right.
Anyhow, hopefully I didn't say too much on that.
But somebody asked in chat earlier, and I think the All Games folks know what's going
on, so whatevs.
Also, the other thing I want to plug.
E3 is coming up next week.
Believe it or not, E3 is kind of starting on a Sunday this year.
I mean, not officially.
The show itself does not start on a Tuesday.
But while our show is going on, did you guys know, at I think about 8 o'clock Pacific,
I could have the time wrong, but that is Xbox, Microsoft's Project Natal Cirque du Soleil
show is a week from right now.
So we're actually going to be here.
We will be doing a show.
We may cut live to the press conference if we can get some coverage.
We will figure out how we can do that.
I don't know if it's going to be much besides a show.
I don't know what's all involved with that, but we will try to figure that out and bring
you that live next week.
Also here live next week, speaking of old school OLR, an old familiar guest of the show,
Miklotov, is going to be here because he's going to E3 with me.
So we don't leave till Monday night, so we will be here Sunday.
We are not going to miss any OLR because of E3.
In fact, there might be bonus OLR on the feed.
I wouldn't see why myself and Miklotov and maybe Loki and DarkSakura via phone, depending
on what we can do, or at least Bobby BlackWolf, I'm sure, if he's not too busy with all his
appointments, will do some little mini podcast that will go to the feed during E3.
So that'll be fun.
Loki, I know you'll be hitting refresh on the sites nonstop, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Now here's what I'm going to be doing during the week.
And this is sad because I'm not very productive during E3.
I watch the live conferences at my desk.
Good times.
Or, yeah, I refresh on like four different live feeds at once.
I'd like to be able to stream it on my iPhone.
I might be able to.
Our internet's that crappy at work, so why not?
All right, lots of housekeeping.
Now we can finally get to gaming news.
Hey, hey, hey.
Gaming news.
Oh, yeah, on Facebook.
Facebook.
Add us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Have I named everything?
I think I have.
Let's get into the freaking show already.
Loki, what is going on in gaming news?
You know, I guess I could take time off during E3, too, because I do have a lot of time off.
You should have just gone to the, well, you got your wife and the baby.
She would not let me go to E3.
She's having nightmares about me going to E3.
I know, I know.
Not nightmares, but dreams of which she is mad at me afterwards.
I know.
Oh, well.
Maybe next year.
Yeah, next.
Well.
Maybe not.
Maybe in three years.
Never.
Yeah.
So anyways, there's a rumor going around that Harmonics is working on a dancing game for
Natal.
And this is becoming, I guess, obvious due to some licenses that they are acquiring for
different danceable tracks, including Cascada's Evacuate the Dance Floor, Timberland's The
Way I Are.
Wait a minute.
This came up a couple weeks ago, I think, some of these licensing things.
So now we've got clarity to what's being used for?
Well, they're just guessing, I think, based on the fact that it's danceable music.
I'm hoping for a DJ game.
I remember that Timberland thing coming up before.
So I think some of this is just, but I don't remember Cascada.
I would remember something like that.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And they're, you know, not really saying, this is coming also from Game Informer, the
rumor that they're saying they're working on a dancing game.
You know what, it makes sense if you think about it, because what game, you know, last
fall was just incredibly popular, in fact, I think it's still popular now, that I would've
never pegged to be at the top of some of these selling lists, and that would be Just Dance
from Ubisoft, which is basically a game where you dance around to cues on the screen.
And it makes sense that you would use this for, like, Natal or something.
I don't know.
I mean, it's not a big surprise to me, and I'm sure with Natal, and probably the same
with the move, you're gonna see lots of these really gimmicky things that the Wii has had
forever.
Yeah, but, I mean, Loki, to be fair, that gimmicky game is kind of the roots of our
show.
I mean, DDR was a bit of a gimmicky game.
I understand that, but there's a difference between, you know, following cues on screen,
like, you know, arrows going down the screen, and you actually have to hit them in time
with the beat, versus, I'm watching a person dance on screen, and I'm trying to emulate
what they're doing on screen.
I can watch MTV and do that, okay?
I don't have to pay for a game.
I get that, Loki, but here's the place where I have a little more hope than I do with all
the rest of that, is the fact that Harmonix is rumored to be tied into this.
Harmonix, I'm trying to think here, have they ever made a bad music game?
Just a straight up bad music game?
I can't think of one.
Maybe the chatters will jump in, but Harmonix makes pretty good games.
Guitar Hero.
Well, but, well, the first Guitar Hero was revolutionary, and so the second one was good
too, and then they jumped ship and made Rock Band.
They didn't have anything to do with the third thereafter, remember that?
So, I mean, Harmonix, the fact that they're involved gives me a little more hope.
I mean, if you think about it, Rock Band 3, I mean, how much more programming is Rock
Band 3 gonna take?
I mean, it's probably just the Beatles and Green Day Engine souped up a little more with
the keyboard, whatever's put in, you know, a little more something-something there.
There's probably something else being cooked up over there.
This makes perfect sense that this would be it.
And who's to say that it's not necessarily a game like DDR?
I mean, if Natal is supposed to be this magic thing that knows where you are in the room,
it could work just like DDR with no dance pad.
That's gonna look weird if it works like...
I don't know.
I think it's just gonna be just like Just Dance.
I mean, it's probably not gonna be any more elaborate than that.
It'll just be interesting because you'll be able to do multiplayer and that kind of stuff,
and it'll be more accurate because it's using a camera instead of just sensors in a close
approximation of whatever you're doing.
Maybe the joke is that these are actually tracks for Rock Band 3, because Rock Band
3 will also be incorporating dancers.
Or maybe they're working on a DJ game.
Perhaps.
Because they never said anything.
They're just saying, oh, it's gonna be an Natal-based dance game.
And I don't know if they're just guessing because, you know, Natal coming out soon,
and the fact that those types of games have done well in the past, and also because these
are danceable tracks.
I mean, there's a lot of speculation going on, unless they know something that we don't.
But being the expert analyst that I am, I'm sure it'll be something gimmicky.
Miklotov is actually in our chat room tonight, and he says, Rock Band Unplugged sucked.
Well, I mean, opinion is relative or whatever, but I actually disagree.
I think Rock Band Unplugged, it wasn't Rock Band.
It was frequency amplitude PSP with rock songs, but I didn't think it was bad at all.
And actually, the really cool thing about that game, remember, it was totally free.
The demo would work with the download songs, remember that?
Yep.
Good times.
So.
Blaze in our chat room says, maybe we'll finally get a Dance Mania-esque game.
Well, I mean, if these are the licensed songs, though, Blaze, I don't know if you're really
getting a Dance Mania-esque game.
Or are you thinking of Dance Maniacs, because there's Dance Mania, the CDs that inspired
the VR.
I think he's thinking Dance Maniacs.
Maybe he's thinking Dance Maniacs.
I'm gonna be honest.
I hope not.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I like Dance Maniacs for what it was, but it's a little bit gimmicky, and I think it's
a $60 game.
The technology's old.
I just don't see it.
And the technology's old, and they're not gonna do anything like that anymore, because
now you can do full dancing games, because they have all these fun sensors that they
can use.
Couldn't they do better things with a Dance Maniacs-style soundtrack?
I think that's what we should be looking for.
I think we, especially as music game fans, I mean, OLR's been on for, what, eight years,
and DDR was started in 1998.
I mean, we've really got to start looking forward, not trying to emulate what's happened
in the past.
I think they-
And this is where Konami is failing miserably, by the way.
What happened to DDR out of Konami?
I mean, I don't want to spoil a story that's coming up later in the show, but we're gonna
be talking about the games that are gonna be shown at E3 this year.
I noticed DDR was not on the list from Konami.
I'm starting to wonder if that project was canceled.
Enter Harmonix!
Just like they did with Guitar Hero.
I just-
Time to start looking forward with our music game.
I just don't understand how they can screw that up so much.
I mean, the problem, I think, with DDR is they need new blood in the game, basically.
They need someone, like myself, to come in and just completely overhaul the damn game,
because what they're doing now, it's just not working.
So they need to go back to square one and just-
Maybe game companies, and maybe I'm giving this with too few examples, but maybe game
companies are finally kind of starting to listen to what the fans want a little bit.
And so Harmonix is like, gosh, the DDR fans kind of want something new.
Here you go.
Just like the Blur people were like, gee, people want to burn out Mario Kart game.
Here you go.
You know?
I don't know.
Maybe it's just me.
It seems like there seems to be a lot more fan service.
You're hearing a lot more, too, about old-ass games coming back from the dead on the iPhone
or on DS, and you've seen that a lot lately.
Unless it's Earthbound.
Happy birthday, by the way, Earthbound.
It's smart that they do listen to their fans, the people that are buying their games, to
make stuff that they intend on purchasing instead of, oh, I don't know, let's recreate
Karaoke Revolution again.
Yeah.
I remember that, because now instead of calling it Karaoke Revolution 4 or whatever the hell
number they were up to, oh, they're just going to re-release this, or release a new game
called Karaoke Revolution, and it's not going to be very different.
It's supposed to have had all this support with download content, but that never happened.
So I just can't buy what Konami's selling nowadays.
I mean, I don't know.
We'll see.
Well, E3 could surprise us.
Castlevania, because apparently that Castlevania game, the multiplayer one, is really legit,
and it should be super awesome.
No, I mean, the Silent Hill game got some good feedback on the Wii.
Konami's got some hype points, but there's just, unfortunately for those of us that liked
a certain aspect of what they were doing many years ago, that is no longer one of their
hype points.
You need to bring the Silent Hill and the Metal Gear Solid arcade games to the Wii.
Or actually now you can bring them out to the PS3 and the Xbox 360, because that'd be
awesome.
Take a cue from Sega.
Look at House of the Dead 2 and 3.
Awesome game, sold well.
Take a cue from that company who's doing the Rock of the Dead.
That's even cooler.
Come on.
Come on.
Don't do that look.
No, we shouldn't encourage conspiracy.
Yeah, the concept's cool.
It's going to suck, though, unfortunately.
Bond 006 and Chad seems to have a differing opinion on what I was saying about the fans
service.
Tell me about the company kissing the fan's ass.
I take offense to Capcom making Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
I enjoyed 10 years of utter arrogance in telling my friends there will never be Marvel vs.
Capcom 3.
I think you gave another good example of fan service right there.
Like it or not, here it comes, right?
Four words.
Never say never ever.
Especially in gaming, right?
Especially with companies buying each other and people acquiring licenses that once were.
Like who would have thought, going back a few months, who would have thought we would
have ever got a sequel to Blaster Master?
I mean, right?
I mean, granted, it was not as good as it could have been, but it was a sequel to Blaster
Master.
If DC and Marvel can hook up, anything's possible.
Buying a commando re-armed, that's all I have to say.
That was awesome.
Sin and Punishment Sky successor from Ray Ayanami in chat, that's true, that's Sin and Punishment
games all.
And, you know, what's sad about that is it's not gonna sell well, and it's gonna be considered
probably a failure on Nintendo's part, and you won't see that many games like that.
Big words, Loki, what's to say that?
Why you say that?
Because every single mature or niche game on the Wii has not sold well.
All of them.
Think about this topic for next week.
I don't want to get into it tonight because we're running a little long anyway, but just
think about this topic for next week and write it down mentally in case I forget, because
I want to go through the different three press conferences, and I want to kind of ask this
question, and maybe this is a good email topic, too, for those of you guys who want to email
us this week, mailbagorangeandreadea.com, because we're gonna talk a lot pre-E3 next
week.
What could the big three do, Sony, Nintendo, Microsoft, at their press conferences to make
you a rabid fanboy all over again?
And silly answers are fine, but give me some serious ones, too.
I'm gonna tell you right now what Sony's gotta do, and it's so simple and so obvious.
All right, all right, but now I want to change topics, because I don't want to ruin next
week.
And I feel really bad for not knowing the guy's name, but the guy that they have in
their commercials right now needs to be running that damn conference.
Really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
He's the best marketing campaign ever for Sony.
I would actually agree.
For a company that's had lots of missteps, lots of missteps, remember the black and white
PSP?
Yeah?
Remember that?
Yeah.
Remember the God of War lamb being served up?
Yeah.
For a company...
Cover the crane, baby.
Yeah.
This is a direction they should stick with.
I'll give you that.
I totally agree, and I'm sure that guy will be at E3.
Yeah, Kevin Butler, I think, was his name, or whatever.
Yeah.
He'll be there.
And our chat is lighting up.
Kevin Butler.
He's great.
He's the man, says Blaze.
Black Wolf says he's an actor.
I hope he does the intro.
I don't care.
I just hope he's there.
We'll see what happens.
All right, let's move on, though, guys.
We'll talk a little more E3 next week.
In fact, I hope he's in every press conference.
Here's one of the rumors about what's going to be seen.
Big, big, fat rumor, but it's kind of one of those rumors you look at and go, okay,
I can see that.
Apparently Hulu is being teased as a possible addition to the Xbox 360.
This is coming from Gear Live, which is a tech site.
Apparently they have picked up on a rumor that Hulu's streaming functionality, it's
going to be in the Xbox 360, it's going to be announced at E3.
One Up ran with the same rumor, saying that a Hulu application for the Xbox 360 definitely
exists, but the problem right now, it's tied up with rights issues.
Everybody wants a piece of the rights to the application.
What do you guys think?
Hulu on the 360.
Again, for those of you that don't know Hulu, Hulu's a website.
It was kind of launched as a competitor to YouTube, but instead of focusing on user-based
content, it kind of takes your favorite TV shows.
What I like best, a lot of old TV shows are showing up on there, too.
When I say old, I mean old and forgotten.
One of the awesome shows that's on there right now, the Dark Shadows revival from 1990 is
on Hulu, all of the episodes.
I know.
It's awesome that it's there.
I mean, prepare to be disappointed by the cliffhanger ending, because the show got canceled
midway through.
But, I mean, there's a lot of cool stuff like that that I think would be a great addition
to the Xbox 360.
What do you guys think?
Fact or crap?
Hulu on the 360.
I think it definitely could happen.
It makes sense.
I think it could happen.
Going off the old standby that all rumors are, in fact, true, I could see it happening
too.
It's just a good alternative to Netflix.
The thing I didn't like, though, is they were saying that they were going to possibly charge
more money to access Hulu on the 360.
Which, if that's the case, that's retarded, because, I mean, if you just use your PC and
stream your PC to your 360, you can watch Hulu for free.
So why should I have to pay extra money?
Bochikawa in our chat says, yeah, all the consoles have internets.
Why couldn't you watch them on it already?
Well, I don't believe...
They block it.
Yeah, it's blocked on the PS3, right, and then I don't think the Wii has a high enough
flash version, and the Xbox 360, don't forget, it's missing a web browser.
I know, a lot of people think, just assume, oh yeah, I can surf the web on my 360.
Actually, you can't.
Well, it makes sense why they don't do that, because there's already enough holes in their
security.
And Wyland in our chat room says, if you want Dark Shadows, watch the original 1,245 episodes.
Bring them to Hulu, and maybe I'll start.
Although from what I understand, you don't really start watching Dark Shadows until about
episode, like, what is it, like 75, or whenever Barnabus is finally actually first introduced.
You can just kind of skip the first few.
That's what I'm understanding anyway, but I could be wrong.
All right, anyhow, so it sounds like it could be a fact we will find out in a week.
Because if it's not announced at E3, then it's not coming this year, that's for sure.
Dark Soccer, what you got for us?
Well, this is more Xbox news, but basically, Robbie Bach, who is the entertainment dude,
has retiring.
There was a memo that went out that said that he is retiring.
The memo was out by Steve Ballmer.
And also, Jay Allard is going to be retiring as well.
You gotta wonder if that means, like, retiring, like the little quotes there, like, retiring,
or having their butt pushed out the door.
Like, you know, there's always that kind of like, hmm, because, I mean, it's not like,
I don't think Jay Allard is 65.
He's not quite of that retirement age.
But they've just been there for a while, and basically Xbox is printing money.
Although, weren't they tied to a failure that Xbox had?
Wasn't there something, not Xbox.
I'd say that Microsoft was supposed to launch, was it a tablet computer or something?
Something like that.
Yeah, that didn't do, and I'm sure someone in chat will jump in, that didn't, I don't
think ended up happening at all, and now it's everybody's iPad, iPad, iPad, so, I mean,
it's just not going to happen there at Microsoft, so.
I wonder how they thought they could compete with Apple over that.
Some of our people in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, guest9595, I wish you'd change their name
so I could give them proper credit, but guest9595 says, hey, can't you watch Hulu and stuff
with play on for any of the systems?
That's right, that little software that lets you transfer your stuff over to the TV, right?
Well, I mean, there's that, there's, I prefer diversity.
I mean, you can stream Hulu, I use my PS3 to do that, and that works really well, so,
I mean, it works just the same on a 360, but yeah, you can do that, and that's what I'm
saying.
Why should I pay the extra?
The thing I'm guessing is it's going to be HD streaming, maybe, and you're going to get,
you know, one of the rumors was they're going to start charging for Hulu if you want to
watch some of the archive episodes.
The recent episodes will be free, but the stuff past, like, you know, the first or second
most recent episodes.
Well, that's at the website now, isn't it?
Like, you can watch the last five episodes of Glee, but if you want to watch anything
older than that, you can't.
Yeah, but they're going to allow you to, but you're going to have the bill to pay, so.
Good thing I don't want to watch any episodes of that.
Well, you're missing out, and that's how Sue sees it.
I tried, and it made me feel a little nauseous.
You and Alan should start a club, because he hates it too.
All right, what else was I going to say?
Oh, about the Hulu and the pay thing.
I guess maybe this wouldn't really be tied together, because it's kind of, you know,
Microsoft and Hulu, but remember last week, I kind of went off on this whole project $10,
and I said, why the hell are we paying for Xbox Live anymore?
Well, I mean, this is a feature that maybe could keep me an Xbox Live Gold member.
Hmm?
Maybe?
Hmm?
You know, and I'm just, and we're going to get into some project $10 stuff soon, but
just to kind of talk about it, I'm mad at the idea of it, and the reason I'm mad at
the idea is not necessarily that it affects me, but it affects a lot of other people,
because me personally, I either buy new games, or I don't buy the games, and not necessarily
that I wouldn't buy used games, but I mean, if there's a game that I don't think I'm
going to be playing, I probably won't pick it up, just because I know myself, and I know
that if I buy a game that I'm not so hot on, I won't end up playing it.
It'll just be sitting, collecting dust, so for me, it's not such a big deal, but,
you know, if you just let one thing slide, then it's just going to be a whole mess of
crap that's going to, you know, come out later on, so that's why I'm kind of pissed off
that EA's doing the whole project $10 thing, and then now THQ's following suit with that,
and as I rumored last week, Microsoft will probably be following suit with that as well,
and if Microsoft does it, then we'll have other people doing it, and...
Why not?
Go for it.
You want to talk more project $10.
Who else?
Who's going in?
Sega is considering joining some sort of online pass system.
This is me scolding Sega.
Sega!
And, you know, basically, Ubisoft is also kind of liking the idea, and Sega is saying,
you know, it's a very clever idea, and they're certainly taking looks to see what happens
with it, and they're saying of course, you know, that they want to be careful to make
sure that, you know, the EA, you know, sports thing that they're doing right now actually
works out, and, you know, the backlash isn't too big, but if it ends up working out for
them, then perhaps they will allow you to, they will do something very similar.
What's kind of funny, though, is, you know, we were talking about the whole online pass
thing and the project $10 stuff with EA, and one of the theories was they wanted to kind
of put this out there so that they can make some money from used sales, and also it may
curb a little bit of the piracy because the fact that, you know, if you, at least if you're
pirating the game and you want to play it online, you still have to pay them some money.
So, you know, that might be one reason.
But then, EA's, I guess, UK General Manager Keith Ramsdale basically made a comment and
said, no, actually the project $10 online pass are not about that.
It's all about the customer and improving their experience.
It's simply not a defensive measure against pre-owned or piracy.
I'm sorry, my bullshit meter was going off.
I mean, if that isn't a bunch of corporate speak.
Improving the customer experience, come on.
That's retarded then.
I would rather they come out and say, yeah, it's actually the curb piracy and used sales
because now the fact that you're saying no, it's actually just to make your online play
even better, but the online play isn't changing, then that just means no, you're actually just
grabbing at money.
At least, you know, give it the, you know, excuse that, oh, we're actually just trying
to make some money off of used sales.
Actually, don't even bother with the used sales.
So say you're just using it to combat piracy.
I mean, because everybody is like, okay, piracy, you know, that makes sense.
But I'm sorry, I don't play a lot of EA games, at least not the sports stuff.
So I mean, I'm guessing just looking at this stuff that, you know, Tiger Woods PGA Tour
11 when it's coming out on Tuesday here, I'm guessing that the online play is not going
to be that different from Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10.
And by all means, people should really look into that, because if this is their claim
that, oh, we're doing this to the benefit of, you know, our consumers, then you need
to look at...
I think you should write a comparison for OrangeLongTraded.com.
I don't want to play Tiger Woods 10 or 11.
Scour on the internet, or don't you get access to games through your job or something?
No.
You know, so they need to look at, you know, 10 and 11 to see, okay, was 10, the latency
better in 11, is, you know, the options better in 11, and all this stuff, because I bet you
if you look at that, it's not.
I bet you it's the same damn shit all over again.
And it really doesn't make any sense that they're charging people they're buying used
for these games, because they've already gotten the money for these games.
There's no reason they need more money for these games.
You're not adding more users to the online, because this is still one copy of a game that's
floating around out there.
You've already made your money.
So if you can't run your, you know, infrastructure on the money that you've made, you know, on
new games, it just doesn't make any sense, because what if, which is, it's not going
to happen, but what if, you know, say, you know, this whole online passing ends up flopping,
and you're not making any money for, you know, the online games.
People aren't paying to play online more than that seven-day trial.
Well then nothing changes.
Then nothing changes.
Because that's not going to motivate them to get rid of it, because they're still going
to make money off new games.
Exactly.
And if you think about it though, you know, what are they hoping to accomplish by this?
They're hoping that people either buy the game new, or they're going to basically, you
know, hope that they pay the ten dollars or whatever, five dollars, to actually play online.
But if people don't pay that, and they don't receive enough revenue, then guess what?
The online experience doesn't change at all.
So basically making their whole point, you know, you know, nonsense.
Because if they're not making money from this extra use sales, and using it to improve their
service, then they're full of shit.
Alright.
Uh, let's move on with another story, because this is like three weeks in a row we've talked
about this stupid thing now.
It's because it's dumb.
I know, I know, I know, and it's something new is coming up every week, and sadly we're
probably going to hear even more about it at E3, and what other companies are going
to jump on board, yippie yippie.
Speaking of things that are full of bullshit, somebody has filed a lawsuit against Sony
and Square Enix, because Final Fantasy 13 caused severe and widespread damage to PlayStation
3 consoles.
It was filed by Daniel Wolf, it's a class action lawsuit, meaning if he wins you'll
all get a piece of this.
But Wolf reckons that it freezes, and PlayStation 3s, and when you play this you can get your
PS3 console to become totally and permanently inoperable.
The lawsuit says both defendants are eminently aware of the damage being caused by their
defective products, and have chosen to do nothing about it.
They're being sued, I guess, for over 5 million in damages, and relief is being sought.
Meaning that, you know, if you are affected by you having both of these things, you could
get your very own coupon for $5 in the mail, that'll probably be the piece of this that
you're entitled to.
That's usually what happens with these class action lawsuits.
Whatever.
I mean...
It doesn't make any sense, because it's not widespread.
Was Xbox, I know, did Xbox ever have to settle for the Red Rings of Death thing?
Because in my opinion, that was a much bigger problem.
I think that's why they extended the warranty to three years, I thought.
But I could be wrong.
But it doesn't matter, because this isn't widespread.
Where are your data on this?
Where is the data?
Seriously, because...
Rob, you own Final Fantasy XIII on the PS3.
Is your PS3 inoperable because of Final Fantasy XIII?
No, but there was that one day, like what, March 1st or whatever, when all the clocks
were fucked up, remember that?
But that wouldn't be because of Final Fantasy XIII since it came out after that.
So I mean, I don't know.
I would think that that would be hard to prove in the first place.
That there is widespread damage, because it's like a dude, saying, oh, my system crashed.
By the way, just randomly asking this question, how many of you remember the one day the PS3s
were down?
I bet most of you forgot.
And that was only about three months ago.
Just saying.
There was that, remember that one day?
Yeah, I remember that one day.
Yes, yeah, it was one day.
Three months ago, going retro here on a lot.
In case you forgot, too, Activision was being total dicks to Infinity Ward as well.
Just refreshing that.
We should do that every week.
We should have like, hey, you know, in case you forgot.
Never, we'll have a segment called Never Forget.
Never Forget.
Never Forget.
Remember that time that Namco's really pissed off at us?
Never Forget.
I like it, man.
We're full of ideas this month.
I like that.
I think that should be a segment that we do regularly.
For Forget.
Never Forget.
Never.
It should be Never Forget.
Never Forget.
Never Forget.
Oh, no, we should do that on the website.
There you go.
Oh, that is a wonderful idea for a series of articles.
I don't, is there an OLR fan that maybe wants to pick that up?
But we need to do actually more stuff that's like, you know, a lot older than just the
Infinity Ward thing.
Because that's pretty recent.
Well, I bet some people are forgetting about it, though, already.
I understand that.
I mean, out of sight, out of mind.
When that stuff stops getting reported in the media, people are like, oh, yeah, I was
really mad about that.
Like, that happened.
I was listening to an old OLR randomly the other day, I don't know why, and it was not
that old.
Like, a couple months ago.
And I was talking about how the, remember when Xbox, Never Forget.
When Xbox Live used to discriminate against the word gay being in your profile.
But they did get rid of that.
But I remember when I, I think we were reporting it here on the show.
And I was like, oh, yeah, I was really mad about that when that first happened.
But I kind of forgot that that had happened.
So we do need a Never Forget, so that, like, things that I get mad about, and you get mad
about, and Jamie gets mad about, we never forget.
Maybe it could be like a page on the wiki.
And when one of us says, Never Forget this, somebody can add it to the wiki, so that way
we never forget.
Ah, yes.
I like that idea.
People are crazy.
Whatever.
You know it's a good idea.
It's a dark circle.
Surely there's something in your mind.
You're like, you know what, never forget that this happened.
Never forget that people are bitches.
Well that's just a given.
That has nothing to do with gaming.
It's alright.
Okay, never forget the crystalline entity is a bitch.
There you go.
Now you're, now you're on the right track.
Never forget Half-Life 2 Episode 3 still isn't out yet.
But maybe, maybe that's why the Portal 2 thing was canceled, because they're gonna show Half-Life.
Here's the thing, I think the Portal 2 thing is still happening, but I think that they're
under, you know, they're all, yeah, the event was canceled, but you know, then there's gonna
be like, oh haha, Aperture Science has trapped you all, and now you must run through this
maze.
Let Jamie get her thought out, and then I've got an idea on that.
Well, from what I was reading, though, Half-Life 3 is gonna have, actually, Shell from Portal
is supposed to be making her appearance, and then they also are talking about the, um,
what's the name of that ship that Aperture put out, that's supposed to show up?
Oh, it's a cameo at the end of Portal, isn't it?
I think?
No, they, they mention it in that retooled portal, but um, but like, it's some ship that,
of Aperture's that crashed or something, but anyway, I don't remember the whole deal.
Okay, here's what I was supposed to say about the Portal 2 party, um, is that, I bet what
they're doing, like, did you hear that really fucked up story, never forget this, by the
way, did you hear that really fucked up story about that school in, like, Mississippi or
whatever, where the, the girl wanted to go to the prom with her girlfriend, but they
were like, no, cause you're a dirty lesbian, and we're not gonna have that happen in our
prom, da da da, and what they did, you know what they ended up doing?
They threw another prom, and invited, like, her and her girlfriend and like, eight school
misfits to, like, the fake prom, and they had, like, a real prom somewhere else.
Yeah, that was crap.
That was fucked up beyond belief, right?
What if that's what they're doing with the Portal 2 party?
They're like, sorry guys, the Portal 2 party got cancelled.
I seriously think- But then suddenly we'll see these reports
on the internet about, oh, oh, oh, well 1UP.com got invited to this, uh, this super secret
party.
No, I seriously think that they're gonna actually have, it's gonna be this, you know, oh, it's
actually a secret surprise, and then, you know, the surprise is, oh, look at this, you
know, the, you know, GLaDOS has, uh, hacked the conference or something, you know, something
ridiculous like that.
Salacious Pop saves the day, Dark Sakura.
The Borealis is the ship.
That was it.
There you go.
I knew it had some sort of celestial name.
No, that's, like, the Aurora Borealis.
And Bobby's reminding us that he was supposed to go to the Portal 2 party and he's a misfit
now.
So, sorry, Bobby Black Wolf, but, uh, it very well could be that you have something in common
with a lesbian in Mississippi.
Off to the island with you.
I'll throw you your improv.
That's okay, Bobby.
I didn't get invited to anything, so we can have drinks.
I take that back.
I, I, I do have an appointment to see Rock Band 3.
Whoo!
What?
So, there's that.
Remember, steal a keytar.
Okay.
Lord.
Then you'll really be reading about that on the blog, the blogs.
All right, look, let's move on, uh, Dark Sakura.
We need, we need a dose of, like, something really cool and awesome in this show.
How about some class?
All right.
We need, this show could use a little class.
Actually, this show could use a lot of class.
More class than a class action lawsuit.
Anyway, first, I must preface this by saying that it is about the recently knighted Sir
Patrick Stewart.
Whoo!
That makes me happy.
About damn time.
So, now, you must address him as Sir Patrick Stewart.
Sir Patrick Stewart.
Patrick Stewart.
At, at, at any rate, um, he's basically on record saying that he loves his beautiful
iPhone, that it has become an extension of himself, that he couldn't imagine going without
it or his laptop, but that he has a stack of video games.
I want to hear Patrick Stewart narrate a story about how much he loves his iPhone.
There's a video on this one, too.
Really?
Talking about it.
Um, but, um, he's saying that, um, he has, um, in fact, I'll read the quote, the only
aspect of all this that I've never taken to in part because I have an addictive temperament
is gaming.
I have a stack of games that I've never taken the covers off of because I feel that if I
do I'm finished.
Can I just listen to a little bit of Patrick Stewart?
Yes.
Can I, can I just listen to his voice?
Okay, first of all, Rob.
What?
Did you see him in Jeffrey?
Yeah.
Years ago.
God, I love it.
I love him in that movie.
Shh.
Shh.
Shh.
Shh.
Shh.
Everybody worship.
Seems to me to be a little bit simplistic.
Maybe I like complexity and, uh, abstraction too much.
Um, but on the other hand, I just handed someone my beautiful iPhone, which I never have out
of my hand and that I do everything with and has become an extension of who I am.
I travel with my laptop everywhere.
Emails are absolutely sexual in my life.
His voice.
It sounds like he said sexual in my life.
He did say sexual.
Didn't he?
He could just read the phone book to me.
Sorry.
That was, and that was really quiet over the feed.
I apologize guys.
I don't know why it's so quiet.
Oh, beautiful.
I know, right?
Sorry.
Patrick Stewart.
Sorry.
Tiger, sir.
Patrick Stewart.
Sir Patrick Stewart.
Sir.
Patrick Stewart.
Sir.
So haha.
All you people who don't like Apple.
Haha.
All right.
Patrick.
Sir.
Patrick Stewart endorses it.
Haha.
It's just cause he hasn't touched a droid, right?
Loki.
Not since the days of Star Trek, the next generation has he ever touched a droid.
Uh, Loki.
How about some release dates?
Release dates traveling around the globe, talking about what's coming out in a neighborhood
near you.
Yes.
Um, this week, yeah, not a lot.
There's just some weird stuff and, uh, some decent stuff.
So let's start with the weird stuff.
America's next top model on DS and the Wii.
Sorry.
Wait a minute.
I thought that was supposed to come out like two weeks ago cause I remember cracking a-
I'm sorry.
As soon as Loki said that I had to yawn really bad.
Hey, listen.
I remember cracking a Tyra Banks is crazy joke.
I understand that and she is crazy, but you know, it'll come out when it's ready to come
out.
Just like Tyra.
Uh, Call of Duty, the war collection, uh, making its way out on Xbox 360.
Yes.
It's a bunch of rereleases.
Um, let's see.
I wonder if the top model game will have a panty party in it.
If you've never seen this YouTube, you need to YouTube, Google this on YouTube or whatever,
YouTube it.
Um, Tyra Banks panty party.
It's the funniest thing I've ever seen on the Tyra Banks show.
She goes, we're going to have a panty party.
Sorry random piggy.
I've been, I've been a woman most of my life.
I was a girl before that.
I've never had a panty party.
You haven't lived.
How about a manty party?
No thank you.
Uh, let's play ballerina on the DS.
Let's hope they never put out let's play doctor because that will be very inappropriate.
Uh, green day rock band coming out on Wii, PlayStation three and Xbox 360.
They also have a rock band green day rock band plus in case you don't want to pay for
the extra $10 to dump your songs.
Um, it's included in the price this time and it's still $10 more, but you get some free
download content.
So that's cool.
I guess.
Uh, vacation isle beach party on the Wii yet another sports game, uh, Western writing Academy
on the DS fund.
Uh, this is kind of cool.
Mega man zero collection on the DS, that'd be a pretty good one.
Uh, Samantha Swift and the hidden roses of Athena on the Nintendo DS, uh, Disgaea infinite
on PSP.
What are you giggling about over there?
Marissa can gusto's comment and chat green day rock band play three chords on your balls.
Maybe that's the new instrument in a rock band three, your balls.
You can do harmonies with your balls.
Clearly it's nothing but David Bowie songs, if that's the case.
Satisfashion rock the runway on DS and I think that's also on the Wii as well.
Why do I know this, uh, Tiger Woods, PGA tour 11 on PlayStation three, Xbox 360 and PC.
Oh, and also on the Wii, uh, Prince of Persia, the forgotten sands fans to make its way out
on the PC this week.
Mind Over Matter, another brain training game on the DS, uh, Mel, your solid peace Walker
coming out on the PSP.
Let's play garden on the Nintendo DS and that is it.
Do you have the time to listen to me whine about a bunch of release dates for, uh, Japan?
Uh, stuff that's coming out in Japan this week on the Xbox 360 grand theft auto episodes
from Liberty city.
That's right.
The localized version, uh, the retail release, June 10th, just cause to also this week in
Japan and saints row two gets a price reduction.
The platinum collection, by the way, Loki, one of the big rumblings about what's coming
at E3 this year, saints row three.
Yeah, but it's not being released until next year and that makes me sad.
Although seeing how far that they went with, um, the red faction in the new red faction
Armageddon game, or I think it's Armageddon is the subtitle on that.
It looks awesome.
And if that looks awesome, saints row three is going to be that much more awesome.
It's going to be more awesomer and that should be what's on the title.
More awesomer than saints row two, uh, PlayStation three gets the same stuff.
That's right.
Grand theft auto episodes from Liberty city, just cause two and saints row two, all the
same stuff on the PS three over in Japan this week, Nintendo, we gets karaoke joy sound.
We Enka that comes with a USB microphone, Enka game.
That's what it says.
That's coming from Hudson.
Do you know what Enka is?
Um, it's like the Japanese version of folk country music.
Oh yes.
I have heard some of that.
Remember me playing you Jero?
Yes.
I remember that.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
It looks like, I don't know if it's like a super popular version of their karaoke revolution
or what, but that is coming out over there.
That's super popular though.
I'm not surprised, I'm actually surprised it took this one to get an Enka game out.
Well, there's also a duets game coming out if you want to check that out too.
So a dark Sakura might be importing the Wii Enka.
I don't know.
A Zeno blade.
I don't know any Enka songs.
Also comes out this week.
Well, you can learn some, but Zeno blade, this is kind of a big deal.
You guys, Zeno blade is coming out on the Wii in Japan this week.
So there you go.
That's, that's going to be a pretty big title out there.
RPG of course.
Coming over to the handhelds for a minute and checking out what's coming out on the
Nintendo DS this week.
On the Nintendo DS this week, you have Rockman Zero Collection.
That's a pretty big deal.
As well as Marugokaku Shikaku Dasu Gaishiyoshi Seiken comes out this week.
Boy, that's a mouthful.
What is this game all about?
I don't know.
That's what she said.
Because there's nothing on the cover that I can understand except a little picture.
It looks like navigation software could be.
So that's probably going to be completely useless to you here in the US and I just wasted
30 seconds of your time.
So let's move to the PSP and talk about what is coming out on the PSP this week over in
Japan.
Wand of Fortune Portable is the big release on the PSP this week.
Wand of Fortune Portable from Idea Factory, an adventure game.
I don't see any screenshots, but the characters look like anime Harry Potter people, so I'm
sure that'll be fun.
Never forget Zelda, Wand of Gamelon.
Oh god, was that the 3DO game?
Yes.
One of them.
Oh, cry.
I played that at a classic gaming expo a couple years ago.
It was terrible.
Good times.
Alright, Dark Sakura.
How about the old country?
Well, really not a whole lot.
On the 8th is Green Day Rock Band.
Yay.
9th is Joe Danger.
And then toward the end of the week, on the 11th, we have King Arthur, Mega Man Zero Collection,
Naval Assault the Killing Tide, and Super Mario Galaxy 2.
The end.
It's over!
By the way, surprise that no one in studio had anything to say on Super Mario Galaxy
2.
My Wii is still not hooked up, that's why I haven't bought the game yet, but I am hearing
phenomenal things about the game.
So have I.
I just kinda...
I know, it's kind of under the radar right now.
It's kinda one of those games I hope I can go back to and play at some point, but for
right now it's kind of on the back burner.
But yeah, I've heard lots and lots of good things about Mario Galaxy 2.
Apparently outshines the first.
Well, that'll be impressive.
Yeah, the first was not a bad game at all.
Perhaps Nintendo can send me a free copy once I pimp out my room in New Super Mario Bros.
Eh?
Eh?
You should try it.
You never know.
You know, future gamer.
No.
Teaching them young.
I'm telling you, when you do that to your kid, your kid's gonna rebel.
You're gonna have a kid that wants to go out and play football all day?
I don't care if he wants to go play football, that's fine with me.
I'm not forcing him to like video games, that's just the theme we're doing his room in.
Alright, fair enough.
He can do whatever he wants.
If he wants to go work on cars and play football and that kind of stuff, that's fine with me.
He won't though.
My mom was a painter, and so she painted my room all in Sesame Street characters.
See, I guess it could work that way, because my parents gave me a baseball mitt and football
and stuff like that, but my dad, on the other hand, he bought a ColecoVision for himself
and Atari games and stuff, and then I just naturally started playing those, they bought
me a Texas Instruments computer.
That's right, because you were born in like 81, right?
When all that was out?
I was 80.
80?
Okay, 80.
When all that stuff came out, and just naturally I got into it, and the stuff that I was into
like when I was that old, you know, I'm into now even more so.
I don't know.
I'm not going to force it upon them, I'm not going to like, you have to play games, because
my wife hates games, which is ironic that she suggested that we do a Mario Brothers
themed room.
I never would have thought that.
I know.
I'm surprised.
Well, your wife does have those random moments of gaming.
Like you know, she loves Bejeweled, right?
And there's other stuff she's played too, right?
She said that we couldn't do the pixelated Mario on the wall.
She didn't want the old school Mario, because she wanted it cutesy and bright and colorful
and I guess Mario, you know, New Super Mario Brothers, you know, those stuff, because we
were originally just going to do just the decals on the wall, but the problem is those
decals that you buy for like $70 a sheet, which is really ridiculous, they only have
so much ground, it's like four feet worth of the ground vinyl, and we just can't circle
the room with that stuff, so we have to paint everything.
I mean, I'm not going to spend, you know, money to buy enough sheets to cover the whole
room.
It'd be ridiculous.
Why are all the guests leaving the funny comments tonight?
Guest 5872, please change your name, folks, when you get in there, type slash Nick, and
then the new name, and I can credit you if I really...
Or you get booted.
Tsukibon Satu-rena, you should do this room in President Cat.
Clearly it's a listener of the show.
We almost did it in Stella theme, Stella would be my cat, so, but that would be weird.
Kitty theme.
She is a little bitch.
She wants me to play, because we made her a toy out of bag handles, these little like
string handles or whatever, and we tied them together, and now she'll go like drag this
thing around me, and if I don't play with her, then she starts biting me, so she's a
little bitch sometimes.
But I love her.
She locked her in a room with Shermie.
Alright.
We gotta move on, guys.
She wins.
We're an hour and a half into part A, and we're not even done yet.
But we haven't talked about my cat enough yet.
I'm sorry, I really want a cat, y'all.
I'm getting to that point, I think it's time for me to be a daddy.
Like Rob needs to be a daddy.
What?
You're in luck.
Because I have a cat for you.
No, I don't want your cat.
No, not my cat.
Screw that.
My cat.
My cat.
I'm talking about Barney, the female cat outside.
That is, she's still a wild cat, but she, and yeah, I don't know why we call her Barney,
but we, that's the name we gave her before we found out that she was a girl, and so it
just stuck.
But she actually is very friendly and comes up to us and stuff, so I will trap her for
you if you want.
I'm not, oh great, I brought you a kitty in a box.
Adopt a cat, Rob.
Yeah, I'm not gonna do it just yet, like I think I need to move.
They're so easy to take care of though.
I know, but remember, I'm gone every weekend, you guys.
Every weekend I'm gone.
So I'll go take care of your cat on the weekends.
You won't.
Yes I will.
It's too far.
No, I go take care of Susan's cat when she goes out of town.
Really?
We'll see, we'll see, guys.
Rob, I would take care of your pussy.
Would you pet my pussy when it needed it?
Yes I would.
Thank you.
And give it a bath.
Hi, I'd wash your meat.
Would you wash my pussy on the weekend?
Well, I got a schedule.
Never forget how mature we are here at Orange Laundry Radio.
Alright, a couple quick stories for you, classic game of the week coming up.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Yes, so we were talking a little bit about Project $10 and how EA likes to find ways
to milk you for your precious money.
Well, now they're doing it again, and this isn't something that you necessarily have
to do, but it's something you may be tempted to do.
Madden 11 basically logs everything that you do online, your play calling, what tendencies
you do, and that kind of stuff, and it builds kind of a playbook.
Wait, wait, wait, you can't see your porn collection, can it?
No.
It can't see your porn collection.
And it basically builds like a playbook that kind of revolves around what you do.
And now, if you play, I guess, enough people or whatever, other people can get that from
you, but you can actually purchase these reports as well so that you can kind of get the dirt
on the other players that you're playing against.
And that's kind of strange, like I don't really have another word for that.
That's just...
I don't know.
Well, yeah, you of course sell it, take all that information and then sell it.
It's kind of shady, but...
It's kind of like them selling the cheats that were in the games, you know, cheats that
used to be just button presses, now you have to pay $2 to unlock and type stuff.
It's just...
It's such a desperate money grab.
I mean, seriously, you're becoming that desperate chick, EA.
Nobody likes a desperate chick.
Anything they can do, right?
Any place they can just get more money?
Stop being so obvious with it, though.
I mean, it wouldn't be such a big deal if you put out Madden for $30 and then did all
this stuff.
Because at least that way, if you don't want to participate in it, you're getting a really
good deal.
If you do want to participate in all this crap, then you may be spending a little bit
more than you would normally.
I don't know.
I mean, it's just...
There's no real benefit if you don't do it, I guess.
You know what I mean?
If you're going to charge me for online for used or whatever, then the real game...
I don't know.
But I guess since you're...
If you buy it, you knew it really doesn't affect you anyways.
But seriously, though, don't let it slide.
Never forget.
Alright, this is going to make you even more angry, you guys.
Apparently there is a draft, and it's not a law yet, this is just a draft that the Federal
Trade Commission here in the U.S. making this draft, they're making some proposals to Washington,
and apparently one of them is a 5% tax on consumer electronics.
Now some folks are calling this the iPad tax, but it's not just iPads, you guys.
It really should be just iPads, though.
iPads, iMacs, Zunes, DSs, 360s, laptops, digital cameras, I mean, basically Best Buy is fucked.
A lot of things you buy there are going to have a 5% tax on it.
They're just going to pass it on to the consumer.
But why are they doing this, folks?
Why?
Because it will generate $4 billion for the U.S. government, which it could then use to
subsidize failing media outlets like newspapers.
What?
Okay, instead of using that $4 billion to, I don't know, put a dent in the national debt,
let's blow it on more stupid shit.
Or hire back teachers that they had to fire this year, I mean, I realize that was more
of a state thing than a federal thing, but I mean, I can think of more better uses for
this.
I mean, wasn't there just a story, not that long ago, I remember reading it, maybe it
wasn't on this show, but about how the iPad is reinvigorating the old school media because
like a lot of these newspapers are coming out with editions for the iPad that they're
selling subscriptions to, and they're actually doing quite well.
And magazines are doing this too, like the iPad is becoming this new reading device.
It's kind of like, why do we need to save your archaic ass if you're not going to evolve?
It just doesn't make sense.
You know, again, it hasn't passed yet, but it's a dumb idea.
I just don't like what they're using the money for.
I think the money could go to the more, you know, important things.
Why do we have to bail out the news media?
I mean, they sell ads, they eat, they need to evolve and adopt to where their readers
are.
Can I get some of that money?
We're media, we're floundering, we haven't made a dime since this show began.
I want four billion dollars, wah.
It's just, it's stupid.
Stop bailing out companies.
Seriously.
Alright, well let's move on to a part of the show that needs no bailing out.
It's very popular here on The Orange Laundrao, and every week you guys come to know and love
this segment.
It is the classic game of the week.
Rob?
Yes.
I think that everyone's going to figure out what this game is when you play the opening.
Alright so then I, well let me just say though, every week, for those that maybe have never
listened to Orange Laundrao's radio before, every week Dark Soccer likes to go through
the vault, the classic video game vault, and pick out a game that she says, hey, you ungrateful
little bastards playing on the lawn, you need to go play this classic video game immediately.
Get off my lawn and play this game.
Exactly.
Maybe that's what we should rename this segment, get off my lawn and play this game.
Here is tonight's classic game of the week.
Now if you don't get what that is from that, you need to seriously crawl out from under
the rock you've been living under, and this is mostly dialogue, but yeah the game is Metal
Gear Solid.
And who said Barbie, whatever, anyway.
Metal Gear Solid, a stealth action game that was directed and written by the guy I used
to run into every year at E3, Hideo Kojima.
It first came out in 1998 for the Playstation, and it's actually the sequel to the MSX2,
Metal Gear Solid 2 Solid Snake, not the one we got over here, the actual MSX version.
Wait, what in the actual hell is this video?
It's actually 3 hours and 20 minutes long, like people can do this on YouTube now?
That's the playthrough of the first half of the game.
I thought you were limited to 10 minutes.
In theory.
What?
I love the voice acting in this, and by the way, the guy who did Snake's voice was David
Hader and he also wrote the first two X-Men movies, which is why they were good.
And the third one, Blue, he had written the third one, it would have been good.
So this is the one that brought Metal Gear up to the current generation of gamers.
Basically he's going in and stopping a group called Foxhound, which was his old unit, has
to liberate some hostages and basically stop them from, well, blowing up the earth, I guess.
Creating...
Man, I hate it when people try to blow up the earth.
Let's play Thermonuclear War.
So yeah, it has amazing voice acting, and even with the limitations of the visuals back
in the day, they really did a good job in covering up the things that would have been
harder to show, like blurring the face a little bit, smoothing a line here or there.
It really did look very good for its day.
You could get all kinds of bonus stuff to use in the game, because it's on-site weapons
procurement is how it's played, like the old ones.
You can also get infrared goggles and a cardboard box, and he smuggles his cigarettes in through
his stomach.
Does that mean that he barfs up his cigarettes as soon as he lands?
Perhaps.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Actually, you have to use the cigarettes to get through a couple of stages too.
I think that's funny.
There are, as you can tell from listening to all the speaking in the background, lots
of cut scenes and conversations, the game is very dialogue-heavy.
But on the plus side, it's very good voice acting, why don't you turn it up a little
bit?
Unfortunately, it's a little bit quiet, but here you go.
Oh, that's when he's about to land, so...
There's no voice acting, right?
There's some in a second, because we're at the part where he breaks through the water,
and that's the start menu of the game.
Well, what we can do when we get school.
I love the music of this game.
I actually have the soundtrack.
I have the soundtrack to all the Metal Gear Solid games.
And I also pick up all the art books for Dan every year.
At any rate, the whole first part of the game is to teach you the whole stealth part of
the game, and once you get the stealth down, you can actually go through the whole game
for the most part without killing people.
You get bonuses, I think, for the fewer that you kill.
But you also have to sort of maintain a working knowledge of how the entire facility is laid
out as you go through it, because you have to run back through it part of the way.
The characters that you have in this one is...
I think this is funny.
The character designer said that Solid Snake's physique was based off Jean-Claude Van Damme,
but his face was based off of Christopher Walken.
I don't see that.
I think he's a little bit better looking than Christopher Walken.
So you've got Roy Campbell, who is his former CEO, and then you have Master Miller, and
Mei Ling, and Naomi Hunter, and Natasha Romanenko, who is a weapons person.
But you also get Otacon, later on, who is named after the convention.
Here's some voice acting.
The elevator in the back is the only way up.
Just as I expected.
You'll have to take the elevator to the surface, but make sure nobody sees you.
If you need to, contact me by codec.
The frequency is 140.85.
When you want to use the codec, push the select button.
When we need to contact you, the codec will be...
There you go.
That's the other thing I was going to bring up.
This game totally breaks the fourth wall all the time.
First of all, when you run into one of the other hostages, he tells you about a soldier
that Snake ran into earlier, who ends up being Meryl, said, yeah, you can contact her on
codec.
Oh, I remember.
Her number is on the back of the CD case.
Nice.
And then when you fight Psycho Mantis, who is this telepathic telekinetic type of dude,
he proves his psychic powers for you by telling you to put your controller on the floor, and
then making the vibrate function go off to make it move.
And then he reads your memory card, and at the time he was reading games that Konami
hadn't put out yet.
So if you've got Xenogears later, it says, I see you like Xenogears.
I think I even had a Japanese game on there and it recognized it.
Go Fig.
So yeah, but I mean, this is like the major Konami games at the time.
But anyway, you go through the game and you've got this ninja that follows you around.
And he's Gray Fox, which I think he was in the second Metal Gear game, the MSX one.
So yeah, you go through the game, you get to see Metal Gear Rex, and oh yeah, you also
have an informant called Deep Throat, which I thought was a kind of neat nod towards,
well, you know, that there was an actual Deep Throat.
Towards the one in the Lovelace?
Oh, oh, sorry.
No.
The actual, yeah, no, I know.
Of course, I know.
Finally.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Like right before he died, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I think he was declassified at the time.
Mm hmm.
So, um, man, that, that's something else though, being able to hold a secret that long, you
know?
Um, anyway, um, you go through the game, you have an epic battle with, uh, um, Liquid Snake,
who is the, uh, antagonist and, uh, Solid Snake's twin.
And you also have two endings based on what you do during the torture sequence.
One of them, Meryl, gets to live.
The other one, Meryl, dies.
Aw.
And there's my favorite question in the whole game.
Rob, do you believe that love can bloom on the battlefield?
Why does love always feel like a battlefield?
Battlefield.
Battlefield.
Also, um, for tie-ins, and I know I've brought up police knots before, um, uh, Meryl was
a character in, um, police knots, so she was included, um, and then, um, there's, uh, references
to, uh, Metal Gear in police knots.
And actually, I think scenes from police knots that go through when, um, Otacon is talking
about being a big geek, basically, he's a big Otaco, um, he pees himself too.
The first time you meet him, seriously, he backs into a corner and pisses himself.
Hello LP joke.
I know, right.
Um, and there's also, um, preliminary, um, artwork that was an easter egg for police
knots, um, pilot disc for the 3DO, which I think didn't come out, actually.
Um, so yeah, there are, there were, um, some side stories.
There was, um, Metal Gear Solid Integral, um, which, um, is based off of the expanded
Japanese version, except, um, it had, um, a VR mode with it.
We got the VR missions as a separate disc, um, but it had, like, a PS, uh, you remember
the, um, pocket station, Rob?
I do.
It had a pocket station minigame, um, you could, uh, uh, call the codec frequency and
get commentary from the staff, and you had a first person, first person, first person
mode.
And then after, and then there was also, um, Metal Gear Solid the Twin Snakes, which came
out on GameCube.
And also one that people may not be familiar with, the Bleem version, for Bleemcast, which
basically, it ran it through with the Dreamcast superior rendering capabilities, and it was
really nice.
I've got it.
It, I mean, I, I, I totally suggest everyone look up, um, Bleem for Dreamcast, Metal Gear
Solid, and then compare them side by side, it really is my thing.
Um, the soundtrack was amazing, it was done by, um, Rika Muranaka, and, um, uh, well actually,
the ending song was done by her, and it's, um, also sung in Irish, um, for the, uh, for
the ending.
I thought it was funny.
I'm gay like I should say.
Um, so yeah, from there we got all kinds of others, we got digital comics, we got a graphic
novel, and then, um, of course, there were all of the sequels.
Metal Gear Solid 2 The Avengers of Raiden Running Around Naked, um, did you ever play
that one?
Which one?
The second one?
Um, a very little, very, very little.
It was Metal Gear, it was, uh, Sons of Liberty, where Snake is in there calling himself Iroquois
Pliskin.
Mm-hmm.
You know, Pliskin also from Snake, Pliskin, yeah.
And then Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater, where he is actually playing as Naked Snake, who
turns out to be Big Boss.
Spoiler!
Ooh, where have you been?
And then, uh, Metal Gear Solid 4, uh, Guns of the Patriots.
And then, of course, there's Metal Gear Solid Rising, uh, coming out, which is supposed
to, I think, feature Raiden, who is running around naked boy.
Good times?
I love her.
In the game.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I just didn't expect a world-class designer of military technology to be so... cute.
You're just flattering me.
No, I'm serious.
Well, I know I won't be bored for the next 18 hours.
Come on.
I can't believe I'm being hit on by the famous Solid Snake.
But, uh, I'm surprised.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, if you keep talking to her, she'll give you, like, a little parable or a little
phrase, you know what I mean?
She's basically your fortune cookie throughout the game.
But if you keep calling her, she'll eventually just get mad at you, and her answer will be
dot, dot, dot, and she'll have this big frowny face.
And then, um, there's another...
I think it was in, um, the second one?
Or was it in the first one where you're in the locker, and if you look at the picture
of, like, the girl that he... and then call someone on the codec, it sounds like he's
jerking off.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
There's Easter eggs in this game.
It was like, Otacon tells him, we don't have time for that, Snake.
That was the second one.
He's like, we don't have time for that, Snake.
And he's just got the O face.
It's funny.
So, yeah.
Ew.
I think I know a little bit too much about the Metal Gear games.
You sure do.
Alright, but that's alright.
So, is that it for the wrap-up?
That's it.
Alright.
We gotta move on with the show.
Yeah, we do.
But that was a good... that was an epic Game of the Week there.
Epic.
I'm already losing my voice again.
Metal Gear Solid is your classic Game of the Week, and a true classic at that.
Yes.
So, we're gonna take a quick break so that we can rest our voices and all that fun stuff.
We will be back.
We have plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to go.
It's gonna be a long episode tonight, you guys.
We're gonna talk about a new game from the creator of Parappa the Rappa.
Possible upgrades of old PS2 titles.
Goldeneye could be making a comeback.
We're gonna talk all about that in Part B of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere, folks.
We will be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening.
June the 6th of 2010, where we are doing episode number 369 of our show.
69.
E3's just around the corner.
Of course, we've had a lot of news and rumors and stuff about what's coming up at E3.
Also, I think our show is taping live tonight while the MTV Movie Awards are going on, I
think is the big thing tonight.
And as to who's winning right now, I don't care.
I mean, are those awards relevant?
Do they actually mean anything?
Or is it just an excuse to get a bunch of celebrities together for ratings?
Uh...
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's pretty much how I feel, too.
All right, so let's get back into some gaming news, then.
Some things we care about around here, and some rapid, quick stories for you guys here
before we get back to some Twitter topics, which we're gonna get to in a moment, at twitter.com
slash O-L-R.
So you probably got, like, three minutes to get in your topics if you haven't yet.
In the meantime, let's do some rapid-fire news.
Well, the first of hopefully many pieces of download content for Reddit Redemption will
be coming out soon.
On June 22nd, Outlaws to the End will be adding some new content to the game.
Six online co-op missions for two to four players.
And also, they're gonna have some different, I don't know, different types of missions
in there.
Looks like one where you're escorting a raft, which is kinda cool.
And that'd be great, because I don't know about people that have played Reddit Redemption,
but the gang hideouts that you can actually play during free mode, I think we've gone
through all of those at least six times now.
It's getting old fast, and we need some more things to play.
So that would be awesome.
And of course, that is gonna be free on the 22nd.
Wii Party is gonna be one of the games that are gonna be showing off this year at Nintendo's
press conference.
And it's gonna feature 80-plus games, including some interesting ones, remote control hide-and-seek.
That's kinda cool.
I guess the players will hide their Wii remote somewhere in the room, and the other players
have to search for it by the sound coming from the controller's speaker.
Wow.
Groundbreaking and revolutionary.
I will give them props for being somewhat unique.
Some of the other games they were talking about called Wanwan Karuta.
Wouldn't it be funny if, like, you hid the thing too good, and then it's too far away
from the Wii to make a noise or whatever, so it gets lost forever?
That would be funny.
Sucker, gotta buy another $40 controller.
Wanwan Karuta is a game where the Wii remote will make a sound, and the players will have
to match the noise with an on-screen image, for example, an animal.
They also have a game called Sensitive Bomb, which players will pass a single remote to
one another without trying to jostle it too much to trigger the explosion.
So what you do is you pass that to another player, and then you push them.
That's playing with power.
And that'll be, of course, shown at the press conference on June 15th.
Some other fun stuff.
Will Reggie Fils-Aime come out and try to blow somebody up and push them and all that
stuff, you think?
He won't, because he's probably endorsing family play that's not destructive like that.
I don't give a shit.
There are no rules in Wii parking.
Connex is apparently teaming up with Nintendo to make some Mario Kart toys, and this is
supposed to be happening sometime in 2011, but that is awesome that you can make toys
based on Mario Kart and Connex, because, you know what, hey, if it's not Lego, it's Connex,
so that would be fun.
I would love to have Lego or Connex toys based on the Mario stuff.
So Salacious Pop is keeping us updated in chat on the MTV Movie Awards.
Here's why you're glad you're not watching.
You ready for this?
Best Female Performance, Kristen Stewart in Twilight, New Moon.
Best Male Performance, Robert Pattinson in Twilight, New Moon.
We're clearly not the demographic for- Best Movie, The Twilight Saga, New Moon.
We are not the demographic for MTV anymore.
You have to understand.
The MTV we knew and loved is gone.
It's dead.
You know what Twilight needs?
Simon Belmont.
That's what Twilight needs.
Hey, going on to some quick fire news and some other stuff that's coming out.
Rock Band Weekly updates.
Deftones are coming out.
Whoop-de-doo.
Grown up in Sacramento, I've heard way too much Deftones.
Cherry Waves, Hole in the Earth, and Minerva, whoopee whoopee.
Individual songs, Boys Like Girls with a Great Escape, and Crown of Thorns with Rock Ready.
I will be buying none of those songs.
But maybe you're interested.
I too will be buying none of those songs.
Here's a game that might actually catch my interest.
Maybe I will buy this.
It's a game called Hardcore Uprising.
Hard Corps, but I think the P is silent when you say it like that.
Hardcore Uprising for Xbox Live Arcade and PSN.
Why am I interested in this game?
Apparently it's a spiritual successor to Contra.
It plays like Contra.
It feels like Contra.
It's high def.
It's a side scroller.
It's guns.
It just doesn't have Contra in it.
But the game looks awesome because it's, you know, done by Axes, I think, or not Axes.
The people that did it are like BlazBlue, because it's all hand drawn stuff and looks
awesome.
Well, you might remember there was a Genesis game called Contra Hard Corps.
This is apparently a successor to that game, but for whatever reason, they've just decided
not to call it Contra.
I guess they just didn't want people to know what this game was.
So whatever.
It still looks cool.
There it is.
Uh, who is it?
Uh, let's see.
Yeah, Arc System Works apparently is doing this game.
Yes, Arc System Works.
That's what I was thinking.
There it is.
So it will be beautifully animated.
That's for sure.
Alright, also coming out, Earthworm Jim HD.
Apparently that is the big release next week.
Also some deals.
Worms 2 is getting a price reduction.
Kegel goes down to 400 points.
Duke Nukem 3D is down to 400 points.
I might have to finally pick that up.
So yeah, lots of good deals on Xbox Live next week, and of course, Earthworm Jim, or as
the intro says, Earthworm Jim.
You know, a little burping thing.
Uh, HD comes out on this Wednesday, June the 9th.
And that's going to be awesome, because you can play four-person co-op.
Yeah, four-person co-op.
That's right.
That'll be fun.
So there it is.
A couple of little stories about things coming out very soon on the downloadable platforms.
Dark Sakura.
In other news, Sony Online Entertainment is actually releasing some information about
PlayStation 3 and PC MMO for DC Universe Online.
But they really haven't said too much more about it.
There's no real release date, but they said that both versions will come out at the same
time.
It's likely to be in November.
Which actually is what they finally came out and said.
So that's cool, I guess.
I don't know how it'll play, but hey.
Also the voice actor, Phil Snyder, who we better know as the voice of Jiminy Cricket,
said that he's working on an unannounced project called Kingdom Hearts Recoded.
And said that that's likely a sequel to the mobile phone game, Kingdom Hearts Coded.
Could be a redrawn, you know, an upscaled version or ported too.
Could be.
You know, when you're going from mobile phone to PSP, you expect things are gonna be upgraded
quite a bit.
Not really.
I would hope so.
Could be an iPhone title.
Oh, that could be too.
I don't know how I feel about that.
And then we've had some more Sims titles, well, domains actually being registered by
corporate domains.
There are the Sims Medivial, or the Sims Get Medivial, so could possibly be old school
jousting Sims with chamber pots and chastity belts and tight lacing and lights.
What if they have it where you can design your castles and stuff like that?
Well, not that you can't design castles and add moats, cause hell, I was doing that in
Sims 1.
Well, the moats part.
And they've actually got out a Ren Faire set officially through the Sims store.
And then Mod The Sims, which is one of the mod sites I go through, they actually did
a Medivial challenge.
You know what piece of equipment they could put in a Sims Medivial game that would make
me buy it?
A guillotine.
With his head!
Yes, and then I could literally sit in the throne, or I'm sorry, my Sim could sit in
the throne in the house.
Off with his head!
And then you also need an Iron Maiden.
Yes.
Iron Maiden!
Excellent!
Execute them!
Bogus!
Wow.
Yes, I've seen that movie.
1987 called.
A lot.
It misses you.
Hey, I got it right.
Alright, never forget.
I am the Duke of Ted.
Never forget.
Dark Sakura is a frickin' nerd.
So?
Nerd.
That's why we love you, you nerd.
So?
Alright, so you're just a nerdy nerd.
That's all.
Alright, we're gonna get into a segment here on the show we like to call the Twitter Topics.
But I'm missing the theme music for Twitter Topics.
Can we do Twitter Topics with no theme music?
Can we?
I don't know.
Doo doo doo doo doo.
I don't know.
Do we have, like, music?
Are you gonna sing the theme music?
No, I'm not.
Alright.
Well, you're saved anyway.
I found it.
See?
It's what we call stretching for time while I look for stuff for Twitter Topics.
Not a lot of tweets tonight.
I'm frowning with disappointment at our listeners.
Here's my frown to all of you.
Alright.
Let's see.
Lots of plugs for articles on the website.
See, I got those in earlier.
Dr. Noir sent his condolences to the Golden Girl-loving crew.
Yeah, I guess we didn't really talk about this enough earlier in the show, but there
was a lot of celebrity death, obviously.
I don't buy the whole death comes in threes things.
I think people just look for coincidences wherever they want to.
Um, cause didn't, like, Art Link let her die, too?
And nobody cares about him, though.
So, whatever.
Who?
Well, I'm saying, you know.
And Gary Coleman.
Right.
Who technically does have a video game tie-in.
He was in Portal 2.
Or, Portal 2.
Postal 2.
Much different.
He still could be in Portal 2.
Or, importantly, he's in Avenue Q. And, um, uh...
Rue McClanahan, of course.
No, no, no, no.
The man.
Our zombie man.
Dennis Hopper.
Yeah.
I put on my Facebook that Dennis Hopper was going to come back as a zombie riding a motorcycle
cause, what, wasn't he an easy rider, or?
Yeah, he was.
He rode it, or something, didn't he?
Yeah.
Well, that's what I mean.
That was his big movie and all the Romero flicks.
But, um, my, I think my uncle added on there that Gary Coleman would be in the sidecar.
Alright, um, Tigerclaw sends us a link.
He sent us a lot of links, but some of them we're actually tackling a little later in
the show.
But I will use this one.
I think somebody had pulled this up and wanted us to use this to see if you, maybe, I think
you showed this to me earlier, Dark Soccer, but I'll go ahead and read it now.
Cause, um, Tigerclaw sent it in, but this is, this is straight up fucked up, you guys.
This is straight up fucked up.
Um, Predator used Call of Duty to coerce kids into sending nude pics.
I don't know how appropriate the stupid newborn music came on.
Here we go.
Um, a New Jersey man convinced four 13 and 14 year olds to send him pictures of their
genitals by saying that it was a membership condition of the clan he was starting in Call
of Duty World of War.
Jonathan Prime is 20 years old and faces four felony counts of communication with a minor
for immoral purposes.
He also has a previous conviction on a child porn charge related to this case in his home
state.
He's in jail on a $25,000 bond and all this stuff.
Just, kids, don't send pictures of your penis over Xbox Live ever.
And don't, he shouldn't really send pictures of your penis like anywhere.
And let me tell you why.
It gets bigger until, when do you stop growing like 23 or something?
I mean, just wait, wait until you're fully mature.
And it's gross.
Come on.
That's the real reason.
You don't do that.
Don't send pictures of your dongle over the internet.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Meow Frog sent us some tweets saying, first time listening to OLR live.
Well, welcome.
And ah, what's the chat for OLR?
Well, I saw Meow Frog in chat earlier, so I know they made it to chat, but it's chat.orangeloungeradio.com
for anyone else who is listening and wanting to know how to join us in our chat room.
Um, although if you ask in the All Games chat, um, they'll probably tell you how to get over
there too.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Uh, what else do we have?
That's about it.
Except Jay Jugo, and I hope I'm saying this right, Jay Jugo, uh, I hope it's not Hugo.
Jay Jugo says, uh, the never forget segment should be added to the show.
Never forget.
I'm just not sure how to make that like a piece of the show.
So I don't know.
Uh, Loomis sends us a tweet saying, OLR, will you be going to BlizzCon, Sky?
I would love to buy you a drink.
No homo.
Oh, I forgot about that saying.
Thank you.
Uh, well sadly, uh, homo or no homo, I'm not going to BlizzCon because I didn't know what
was justified, $150 for the tickets.
Um, so I didn't buy the tickets because I didn't know what I'd be paying for, except
that probably there's sneak peeks in new BlizzCon games.
However, Dark Soccer and I are, we're thinking about just going down to Anaheim anyway, if
finances will allow.
We'll go down to Anaheim anyway and just go to Disneyland.
It'll be called, uh, USCon.
Yes.
So you can buy us a drink there, I suppose.
No homo.
By, by the way, Rob, I had to, I had to describe to somebody what the difference between girly
and gay was.
Oh my gosh.
And decorating.
I, I don't, I, I just cannot even possibly understand.
All right.
That's it.
That's it for tweets.
We didn't get a lot of tweets tonight.
Well we got, I mean, Tiger class has other stories, there are things that are coming
up later, so you know, we appreciate his Google foo, but I don't want to spoil upcoming stories.
All right.
How about some other topics we want to talk about tonight?
Loki.
Yes.
Let's talk about how Parappa the Rapper, um, well, the creator of Parappa the Rapper is
putting out a new music game for the iPhone and iPod.
Um, it looks interesting, I guess.
It's called, uh, it looks like Winta or War is Not the Answer.
And it's, um,
What is it good for?
What is it good for?
Butter.
Uh, yeah.
They didn't really say, uh, what exactly the game, um, is going to be like, but it's basically
tapping squares on the screen to time with music.
So kind of looks a little bit like it could be, um, you know, similar to like Lead Beat
Agents or something like that.
Well I mean, Coolin' All.
Is the art done by Mr. Greenblatt?
It's just squares.
Yeah.
The art could have been done by anybody.
Here's the thing.
I get all excited when I hear it's the Parappa the Rapper dude, and then I'm like, oh, it's
just like neon squares that I push with my finger.
This sounds riveting.
I mean, I guess if the music's cool, then it's worth checking out, but come on.
How about a new like actual like Parappa or Umjama Lamy type game?
I mean, tell me that like Xbox Live or PlayStation Network, I suppose more appropriately, would
not be like the perfect platform for a game like that.
Come on.
Yeah.
It'd be cool.
It'd be awesome.
You got to believe.
Never going to happen.
By the way, the butter, you know, that comes from cheap, cheap, cheap level.
We used to just for months, Dan and I would go around going crack, crack, butter.
So he laughed in the other room.
I feel happy.
And Derek H took my question literally saying a war saved us from the Nazis and war freed
the slaves.
I was singing a song, I don't forget it.
It's all right.
All right, moving on.
Could Sony possibly be possibly be planning more PS2 remakes?
For example, you know, they did the God of War remakes earlier.
Well, guess what?
It's a survey going around again.
Yep.
That's right.
The surveys sometimes leak things that Sony are thinking.
Survey says.
Oh, you didn't see that joke coming.
One of the things on the survey.
Well, the survey said, what titles would you like to see in a future collection?
Two or more PS2 titles upgraded with similar features to God of War collection.
And I like this because there's this little screen shot that shows like Shadow of the
Colossus, Ico, Gran Turismo, Final Fantasy, Yakuza, Silent Hill, like just every single
freaking franchise is being listed in there.
But I guess it's kind of cool that they're going back and thinking about doing that.
But you know what?
Show me Twisted Metal.
You know, Metal Gear.
You know, what's interesting about this, though, is that they're asking about what do you want
to see upgraded and not just like what backwards compatibility would you like to have on your
PS3?
You know, I realize, yes, there's that first generation of consoles that does have it,
but most of us don't have a better console and we all figured that they would end up
selling it at some point.
But I don't know, like I feel like there's there's something missing here.
Yes, I'm one of those douchebags that has the fully backwards compatible system and
doesn't play any PlayStation 2 games on it.
Douchebag.
You want to trade PS3s because I could sort of play like Final Fantasy 12.
No.
Did you ever upgrade your PS3 to lose the other OS feature?
Nope.
You're still holding out, huh?
Still holding out.
Haven't played 3D Dot Game Heroes 2 because that would upgrade my system.
So I'm loading it to a friend.
ToaGak in our chat room says, very eloquently, fuck PS2 remakes.
I mean, are they necessary?
I mean, maybe he's posing a good question there.
Is this really necessary?
No.
Well, the God of War collection was pretty cool, though.
I mean, HD, widescreen, sexy.
Come on.
It was kind of cool.
Right?
It'd be kind of cool if the system did that on its own, but it kind of doesn't.
Derek H. says, if they redo Gran Turismo 2, people will realize it has more cars and tracks
than GT5.
Might be a good point.
Maybe they don't want us to go back and play some of those old games.
I don't know.
DarkTet Suvia thinks you should be a game show host, by the way.
Me?
Yeah.
Why?
I don't know.
Maybe he liked your survey says.
Survey says?
Survey says.
You should do a game show about porn.
I could see you doing that.
Wheel of porn.
Remember way back in the day?
Let me give you an OLR flashback.
Never forget.
This is many, many, many, many, many years ago in the OLR history.
It was probably in the first or second year of OLR.
Never forget.
Loki hosted a competition, and the competition was called Make Edit Get Porn.
I got second place in that, didn't I?
I don't remember as long as I'm good.
I placed in it.
I know I did.
I think you and I both placed.
But this was where basically you would make an edit to a DDR song, because back in the
day you could make edits in the home version of DDR and put them in the machines.
And Loki's favorite edits would receive a free gift of pornography.
We did the hell edits.
That's right.
And it was called Make Edit Get Porn.
It was the best contest the stations ever had.
I did the DXY version called Another.
I think I did one to kick the can called Big Cans.
I think that was it.
And then there was the one with the big gap in the middle that you could run around all
over the arcade and then come back in time to finish it.
Yes.
That was fun.
Good times.
Yeah, so I don't know how we got from PS2 titles to make edit get porn, but there you
go.
I got all that Excel saga in the hell edit contest.
That was it.
That's right.
A lot of the porn was actually softcore Skidamax porn, but it was still...
It was not good stuff.
No, it was...
Well, there was a reason why Loki was giving away...
The winner...
Whatever happened to Dave?
Whatever happened to him?
He got two boxes.
Boxes of like 60 titles in there.
Boxes of porn.
He took it home and we never heard from him again.
Exactly.
Oh my God.
Is he still alive?
We need to...
That, that, that.
Or is he still fapping right now?
I don't know.
All right.
Moving on.
Dark Sakura.
What you got for us?
More news.
Yeah.
More news.
Although Robin Gaughan is going to have to ask you your help with the mailbag today.
Dark Tetsuya is pointing out...
That's fine.
I'll do me a mic.
Dark Tetsuya is pointing out that, uh, that highlight is on the best hits that you can
download at orangelaundry.com.
So check it.
Well, um, there is, um, something about Activision working on a golden eye title for the Wii
and the DS to be released in November.
And it's theorized to be, um, a remake of the Nintendo 64 version that Rare put out.
I'm going to actually just interrupt you real quick because our stream actually just went
down while you were reading the beginning of that story.
Well, crap.
We had a little bork in the feed.
I don't know what happened.
It went down.
But I do show we are reconnected right now.
It's still recording for the podcast anyway, so I apologize, but we're going to do just
like a live take two.
So Dark Sakura, would you start in again with that lovely story while people reconnect?
And here I was using my porn voice.
Anyway.
Oh man, you guys missed it.
It was so hot.
No, I'm just kidding.
So, Activision is working on a James Bond game, a golden eye title, Rob.
And it's supposed to be out for Wii and the DS, um, in theory released in November.
Uh, one of the, uh, going rumors about it is that it will be a remake of the Nintendo
64 version, which as we all know is epic, classic, the game.
The game made me sick.
Sick to my stomach.
Perfect Dark was redone recently and it was pretty, pretty awesome.
That's true.
Um, but, um, Activision basically let it off, um, at the point that they registered domain
names that were named after the film.
So we might see that coming and, you know, they also did work on, um, The World Is Not
Enough, right?
Uh, they've done the last few Bond films.
They have, you know, the rights to do the games for them.
So, I mean, if they bring us out and if they bring us out a remade golden eye, that will
be pretty hot.
That's going to be fun.
But you know what?
I don't think it'll be as good as the original.
That's just the problem.
You know, nothing is really as ever good as the original.
I don't think anything's going to accurately capture the magic of the original.
Well, I beg to differ, because as I said in part A, when Metal Gear Solid Twin Snakes
came out on the GameCube, it was a fairly kick ass version.
And don't forget the Resident Evil update, where they did Resident Evil on GameCube,
and it was really hot.
Alright, I'll give you that.
There have been remakes done right.
Alright, we'll see.
They just have to make sure to stick with the essence of the game.
Alright.
I do want to remind folks, sometimes we can't control the downtime of the feed.
There's just random hiccups, although I like this comment from SSJ100Matt.
Speaking of porn, who's watching it in studio, he said right as the feed went down.
Not me.
It's comcastic.
What can I say?
It happens sometimes.
Anyhow, let's move on with a few more news stories, then we're going to get to the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com, we answer your emails live, on air.
Good times.
Loki.
Grand Theft Horse, awesome.
So apparently there's been some ratings that have leaked up from the Korean ratings board,
and these are some Dreamcast titles that are going to be ported to Xbox Live Arcade.
Sonic Adventure and Crazy Taxi, they have been submitted for ratings, and of course
Sega was unable to officially comment on the ratings.
But Sonic Adventure has popped up before, I guess they had some screenshots leak out
a little bit ago, and Crazy Taxi, I think the same thing.
Not that I know or anything, but Sonic Adventure is most definitely real.
Crazy Taxi is probably the same.
I would not be surprised if these get announced at E3.
Do you think there's a chance they're going to come out and say, and they're out today!
Because that happens once in a while.
Sonic Adventure is done, so yeah, I can see that.
You can see that happening.
It's been done for a while.
Definitely can see that happening, huh?
Same as Sonic 4, but they're taking their damn time.
Well, let's move on with some more news, and then I guess I'm going to do the mailbag tonight.
Dark Sakura is not feeling up to it.
No, that's fine.
My voice has finally decided to crap out.
Alright, that's fine.
But I'll talk about this, and maybe this is the perk up that Dark Sakura needs, because
this will be fun.
There's a new game coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
It's from Ubisoft, the makers of Let's Dance, and it's called Dance on Broadway.
That's right, 20 songs from Broadway musicals.
Dude, what's in it?
All That Jazz, Roxy, Cabaret, Money Money, Dream Girls, One Night Only, Luck Be a Lady,
We're in the Money, Lullaby of Broadway, You Can't Stop the Beat, Good Morning Baltimore,
Fame, My Favorite Things, Bend and Snap, Thoroughly Modern Millie, Little Shop of Horrors, Aquarius,
Let the Sun Shine In, and, and, and, and, The Time Warp, Dark Sakura's making woo-face
right now, but you can't hear her.
I already know how to do The Time Warp, it's just a jump to the left, and then a step to
the right.
But this is supposed to be like Just Dance.
It's pretty much a sequel to Just Dance, right?
Yeah, except they're going to have Just Dance too, so.
Well, it's like Guitar Hero 80s edition.
It's Just Dance, super duper gay edition, and that's okay.
There's nothing wrong with that.
This actually reminds me that people need to stay tuned for Cage Match tonight, speaking
of show tunes.
Oh heavens, why is that?
Speaking of show tunes, that's all.
By the way, for those of you guys that have never listened live before, you should tune
in, because we do some extra stuff live that we don't do on the podcast, just a little
bit, nothing too much, we don't want to leave our podcasties in the dark, but there's certain
things we can do live that we can't do on the podcast, like play copyright music, so,
you know, and clips of extended things, so do listen live sometime.
Anyhow, in the meantime, we're going to do something we can do on the podcast and live,
we love to do this segment every week, it is the mailbag.
Next link in our chatroom says, nothing from Wicked, fail.
No, I actually don't like Wicked.
Really?
Oh my gosh.
Well, no, because I read the book.
I can't listen to this as a musical, because the book was so dark and gorgeous.
Alright, let's see the emails, because there's a lot tonight, because we kind of have a backlog
from all the shows that we didn't do the past couple weeks, so I'm going to start off tonight
with this one from, oh, that's a spam email that came in.
Let's do, I don't see a name on that one, let's try this one instead.
Let's do, and I'm not going to be able to get to all the emails tonight, because there's
so many guys, sorry guys, Redertainment.
Dear OLR, I was listening to your midweek discussion of the inclusion of a keytar in
the next Rock Band game, and a thought came to my mind.
If this keytar is a plastic instrument with the keys on the body instead of the neck,
isn't that like playing the plastic guitar backward?
I don't mean playing it left-handed, but playing the guitar turned 180 degrees with the keys
on your lap?
Also, it seems to me that every numbered version of Rock Band gives the gaming public another
gaming-related plastic dust magnet that is incompatible with other games, but gamers
feel compelled by to play the game.
Rock Band gave us a guitar, Rock Band 2 gave us a complete band set, Rock Band 3 will give
us a keytar.
That makes me wonder, I know, hold on, we got a correction there.
That makes me wonder what useless plastic space hog Rock Band 4 will bring us.
I vote for maracas, wait.
Actually, one small correction to your email, dude, I get what you're saying, but here's
the thing, Rock Band, think of the name, Rock Band, it actually was the full set.
Rock Band was the guitar, drum, and microphone, even in the first game.
Here's where you might be getting confused, because Harmonix did originally make Guitar
Hero, which was just the guitar, but you might remember they relinquished control of that
to Activision, or Activision took control back, whatever, and made Neversoft make Guitar
Hero 3, and that's the year that Rock Band also came out.
So that might be where your confusion's coming from.
Nevertheless, I get what you're saying, but I kind of forgive them, because they're not
doing a new game every year.
I mean, yes, there was Beatles, yes, there was Green Day, but it's been a little while
since Rock Band 2 now.
So if it's one more plastic instrument to put in my house after two years, eh, I'm okay
with it, especially if they are selling this in the configuration where I only have to
buy the one instrument and the game, because all my other old-ass instruments still work.
My Guitar Hero 2 guitar still works, and it's fine.
So there you go.
Our good buddy Rob with two B's, Rob-a-ba-ba-ba, sends us some impressions on Prince of Persia.
Says, my boyfriend is a non-gamer, but he really enjoyed the Prince of Persia, The Sands
of Time.
I thought it was fun to watch, too.
The criticism that Jake Gyllenhaal was too Caucasian for the role were unfounded.
That's because the other two princes in the movie were whiter.
Funny.
Again, another thing I'm surprised I'm not hearing a lot of comment on this week.
Loki, did you happen to see the movie?
No.
I didn't bother either.
The only movie I watched this week is not out yet, so obviously not legally.
But it was a good movie!
And hopefully it will come out over here at some point, but it's just not yet.
Now, Super Mario Galaxy 2, Rob Wake continues, I can't put my finger on why Super Mario
Galaxy 2 is so much more fun when compared to Super Mario Galaxy.
I like both, but the star gathering in Super Mario Galaxy 2 does not feel like work.
Some of those SMG stars were hard work.
There doesn't seem to be as much pressure to replay levels for stars, either.
I'm curious to hear your thoughts on the game, especially after hearing the Super Mario 64
classic as the game of the week.
Tune into a future episode when one of us has actually played the damn game, but my
Wii's just not hooked up right now.
My Wii's semi-bricked from New Super Mario Brothers.
Blur and these other games that play it.
Really, your Wii got bricked?
Semi-bricked.
What's that mean?
Semi-bricked is when you play a game of a different region on your system, and what
happens is a second update gets put in there, and so now I can play games on it, but I can't
go into the system menu and change settings, so I have to fix it.
I've just been so lazy to fix it, I just, I really don't care, to be honest.
It's just, I've been too busy playing other games and to actually go and play, you know,
New Super Mario Brothers or Super Mario Galaxy 2, it's just, I just don't feel compelled
to do so, even if it's super awesome.
It's just, I don't know.
Although my trait other end looks pretty nice.
I watched a new video of that this weekend, it looks pretty cool.
It's just getting to be a busy time of year, especially with it's summer and all, it's
only going to get worse.
It is.
It's only going to get worse.
And like, you know, as far as games coming out, man, as far as what I'm planning on getting,
pretty much just cracked down to this summer and that's it.
I mean, there's going to be a few months where I'm not really playing anything new, which
is fine because I have tons of other stuff to play, but it's just, I don't really want
to get anything that I don't think I'm going to play.
Metroid Other M?
Uh, well I guess Metroid Other M, but I mean, that's like at the very end of the summer.
And actually, you know, I might not get it right away because, you know, Kid will be
born right then, so.
Oh yeah, that's true.
We'll have time.
Im2good in our chat room, I like that nickname by the way, Im2good says, Prince of Persia
is an average movie, but that means it's like the moon landing for video game movies.
One small step for man, one giant leap for video game movies to not be a turd of shit.
I like the turd is now a measurement of shit, as opposed to just being another name.
Alright.
I thought it was the Keurig.
Forget it.
Moving on.
Another email from Rob Babula that I want to bring up here, he's suggesting that we
should play the 3-6-9 music from Schoolhouse Rock for the show.
I'm sorry, I didn't have it queued up, my bad.
But I do want to address this other point in the email.
Also, two weeks ago, I saw my first Tron-a-rail in Disney World, that's just what we called
it, but it turned out to be the official name for the decorated trains.
Any sightings in Disneyland?
I don't believe they've redone the monorail as Tron, I don't think they're planning to
do that, but you never know, when it gets a little closer to the movie releases.
There was a rumor that the people mover with Tron was going to come back, but I'm not holding
my breath on that, I think if it does, it ain't happening this year.
But no, nothing in Disneyland yet.
So we're all waiting on pins and needles that hopefully the people mover will reopen.
And also of note, not to turn this into a Disney podcast, but in about what, one more
month?
Star Tours will close, and Star Tours is no longer going to be there in its current form.
They're redoing it for...
There's going to be a Star Wars 2.0 that comes out later.
And they're going to make it all stupid in the prequels, so whatever.
If it's the pod race, I'm okay with that, because the pod race, that's the rumor that
it's a pod race right now, and that might be kind of cool.
And hopefully you get to run over Jar Jar Binks, that would be amazing.
And if Greg Proops is still one of the commentators, that's also amazing.
That would be awesome.
Oh, that's right, yeah, he was a commentator.
He was one of the two heads.
I remember that.
No, it'd be funny though, like Robot Chicken and stuff, where they have all the Jar Jar
Binks stuff, they should just make it look like it's going to be some sort of pod race,
lock the doors, and then it's just all Jar Jar Binks talking to you for a good like five
minutes.
Oh god, children would cry and run screaming away.
I would complain that my day was not magical.
I was not magical.
I am not having a magical day now.
Alright, moving on.
This comes from Shook.
Big S, Big K.
Hi, OLR.
I'm here for a rant.
Lately in zombie discussions or something similar.
People act like they know everything about shotguns and.44s, etc.
When really they're from a big city and have been nowhere near a gun except maybe in their
little gang.
I'm not trying to sound like some country bumpkin, but it really pisses me off when
they act like know-it-alls.
What are your thoughts?
Well...
Don't make me bust out my Glock.
I don't think anyone like really wants to shoot somebody in the face.
Like in Red Dead Redemption, it's just like funny to see, does that make sense?
I am an adult, I understand what is fiction and what is real, I'm not gonna go shoot someone
in the face if it's gonna kill them.
And I will be the first to admit, I don't know the difference between all these different
types of guns because I don't like guns and I would never own a gun.
Wait, what guns?
What are we talking about guns?
Shotguns and.44s, etc.
They're just saying I know everything about these guns.
Not me specifically, but just people.
You know how I learned a lot about...
I can't wait until I own a gun.
You know how I learned a lot about guns from playing Airsoft.
Because a lot of the guns that they have out there are modeled in...
Now I can say, hey, that's an MP7, oh hey, that's a G36.
So it's kind of cool.
You know how I learned about guns very well?
Writing G.I.
Joe fan fiction about ten years ago.
I'm not joking.
This is a human.
Ten years ago, I was writing G.I.
Joe fan fiction.
And I did my research.
I have no interest in firing a gun that is not of the laser variety or the shooting range.
I do still want a Hello Kitty assault rifle.
We should go out to the shooting range.
I wanna go.
My friend used to go down there.
I was gonna go with him, but he moved too soon.
I'll have to take a picture of this.
Santa Cruz.
Dan got to shoot off a.50 caliber.
One more, you guys, from dragonboy69.
I was wondering if any of you might know why some games, specifically Vagrant Story and
Breath of Fire 3, show up on the Japan and European PSN store, but not on the North American
store.
Thanks for any help you can provide.
Keep up the great work.
Because Vagrant Story sucked?
But here's the thing.
Just sometimes it's a rights issue.
And Final Fantasy 9, I think, is another big one, right?
It's showing up in other stores, but not the current one.
It's rights issues and sometimes timing and other things.
It's sometimes kind of complicated.
I think it has to do with the fact that sometimes different companies publish different games
in different countries, and that sometimes complicates things.
But I think Wikipedia keeps a pretty good list of what's available.
Time localization, too.
Yeah, it's true, too.
I'm posting this picture up on the site of my Hello Kitty holding a.50 caliber shell.
And also, too, it's sometimes just the ability for that company to be able to distribute
the game in a timely manner.
For example, Morph-X, which was a game that came out in Europe just recently, is actually
region coded for both Europe and the North American regions.
So in theory, you could actually release the game here, and it would be just fine.
But for whatever reason, it may have not passed the ratings board yet.
Maybe they don't have enough manpower to actually duplicate the units that they need.
Because some of these companies, like Graffiti Entertainment or Zoo Games and stuff, their
titles go for sometimes years if delays before they're actually released.
It's ridiculous.
Graffiti Entertainment.
That's going to do it for our mailbag.
Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com.
If you'd like to send us an email, please do.
Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com.
After the mailbag is usually the section of the show where we get a little irritated,
and we do a little segment on the show called the FUs of the Week.
Why?
Because we can.
And if you need a little inspiration, we have an inspiration for your FU story tonight.
It's about a Virginia man named Bruce Jamar Walston.
Apparently authorities were called to his apartment by the girlfriend, because apparently
a couple nights ago, the woman called 911.
You're not going to like this, folks.
You're really not going to like this, okay?
And this really doesn't have anything to do with video games, but it does, because it's
making the rounds on video game blogs.
But you're not going to like it.
You're really not going to like this, okay?
Apparently the guy here that was arrested, Bruce Walston, was angered that the video
game he was playing was disconnected by his girlfriend's new kitten.
So he picked up the animal.
I'm not going to say what happened, but the animal died.
And this all occurred, wait for it, wait for it, in front of the woman's children.
He's being held without bond at the Middle River Regional Jarrell in Verona, in case
you want to send him your cards and letters.
For killing a kitten for unplugging the video game console.
Not only did he kill the cat, he did it in front of the children.
Way to go!
Psychopath.
You ass!
God.
That's mental problems.
You know what, though?
Can I side rant?
I realize, you know, I'm out of order here, but can I just side rant here?
I really hate it when video game blogs kind of run with these stories, and maybe I hate
myself for bringing this up, or bringing it up in this context of this guy is an asshole.
But like, this really has nothing to do with video games, and it just gives video gamers
a bad name.
This guy is a parasite of society, end of story.
He needs to be shot out of a cannon into a land far, far away, where we will never see
or hear from him again.
That's really it.
I mean, why would you throw a kitten against the, I almost said what happened there, and
I said I would not, because it would happen to the cat, but why would you kill a cat in
front of the children?
That is just effed up beyond belief.
Oh my god, this guy's picture?
I know, he just looks like a winner, doesn't he?
I know.
I know.
What a piece of shit.
Alright, so anyway.
Who would like to start?
Good without Bond.
Would you like to start off with the FUs of the week, Darcy?
Do you have some inspiration now?
I'm disgusted.
I know, it's disgusting, I thought you wouldn't like it.
My turn up.
What?
Dan said it's better he didn't kill the kid, it's better than him.
Dan is yelling from the living room, Jamie would be less mad if the guy had killed the
kid.
Whatever.
It's still messed up, no matter what, it's messed up.
Alright.
I'm gonna make mine quick.
Yes.
My first FU goes towards losing my voice and a little bit of cough I have left.
My next one is a humongous FU to Helen Thomas, who is one of the senior White House press
corps members who basically went on record saying that Jews should get out of Palestine
and go back to Germany or Poland.
Yeah.
She didn't say go back to Jew land.
Well, it's, first of all, telling people to go back to places that, you know, they basically
left due to, how about being murdered, you know, to go back to their homeland is just
really insensitive.
Maybe Helen Thomas should go back to her homeland, because I don't think she's Native American,
so um, boat's coming, get on it, bye.
It's just really, really, and you know, the only reason, she did apologize for it, but
the only reason I think she apologized for it is because they called her on it, and now
they're calling for her resignation, or her to get sacked, and honestly, I agree.
Now if she had her own personal private blog and said this as herself with a these views
do not reflect White House blah, blah, blah, fine, insensitive, shitty as hell, you're
still a bitch, but, but this is America.
We do.
She has the right to be a bitch and we have the right to call her a bitch.
That's a free speech is all about to say it in her capacity in a public forum as a representative
of the White House press corps as a senior representative.
Now tell me that's just not highly irresponsible and incredibly insensitive.
I think she should get sacked and drawn behind a cart by her toes.
I want to see Obama just punch her on the White House lawn, that'd be amazing.
She's a good bitch, but yeah, and that's not that I'm advocating violence, but in special
circumstances it's okay.
And you know what, it's funny because her apology is not even, she's saying that she
deeply regretted the comments I made last week regarding Israelis and Palestinians.
They do not reflect my heartfelt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when
all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance, may that day come soon.
She didn't really address what she said.
Not at all.
She just let out a blanket statement to appease everybody that doesn't really address the
problem.
She, if she was going to have any sincerity of it, she needs to say, you know what?
I was wrong, sorry.
Nasty woman.
She looks nasty.
I'm seriously, she looks like, like the picture of a hag.
Alright, let's move on.
Loki!
Uh, F you to myself for having the obsessive compulsion to spend money on stupid things
that I really don't need to spend money on, like Project Under $100, for example.
Not that that's going to stop me from doing it, and also F you to the fact that I don't
have any airsoft guns, because, or, and I'm also not in the airsoft gun really right now
because I don't have any airsoft guns, because I really want the Magpulpty SFPG.
The folding pocket gun looks so awesome, and it's a gun that folds out of a briefcase shape
into a, like a little personal assault rifle, and that's awesome, good times, but it's also
really expensive and I don't need it, at least I'm not buying that.
Um, my F you of the week goes to, um, the returning side panes that I've been having,
because, uh, yeah, that's why I went to the hospital a couple years ago and I really don't
want to go back.
Um, maybe it's Mother Nature trying to tell me I need to go on a diet again.
I don't know, but I don't like being freaked out like that.
It sucks.
I F you to my body.
Wah.
Alright, uh, let's move on with, uh, just a couple more news stories for you guys, then
the Skype line.
We'll get to the Skype line here.
Uh, admittedly it's going to be a little bit shorter Skype line tonight, because, uh, we
had a really long show, and we still have an afterbirth yet too before it gets too late,
but, uh, we will at least take some calls here in just a little bit.
In the meantime, Loki, what you got for us?
Games Convention Online in Leipzig is actually going to be going, um, industry only this
year.
Apparently, um, I guess they had 43,000 attendees in 2009, and, um, you know, now they're just
saying the number of registered public exhibitors was insufficient, and that the satisfied interest
of the visitors, whose past experiences bring them with high expectations to Leipzig, um,
it doesn't make sense why they're going to cut it, but they're planning on, um, I guess,
um, having 30 companies attending this year, which is already bigger than last year, but,
um, it will not be open to the public.
So it's basically, this show's got too many common folk at it, so, uh, in order for our
show to get bigger-
For business to happen.
It's basically what E3 did.
Yeah.
But, I mean, this is a good, maybe a good example of why we don't have E3 open to the
public, because it would be a nut house.
Alright.
Let's move on with one more story here, and this is more of a wrap-up here.
There's, um, actually some things going around out there that show what some of the confirmed
games that are going to be shown at E3 are.
Let me run down some of the, uh, companies here and some of the games that they're going
to be showing.
2K Games is going to be showing Mafia 2.
And keep in mind, this is only announced stuff, because there's always surprises, always,
always, always surprises at E3.
So don't take this as, like, the definitive list of the only things being shown at E3.
This is just what is confirmed thus far.
2K Games is showing Mafia 2, Sid Meier's Civilization V, Spec Ops The Line, and XCOM.
I didn't even know they were remaking XCOM, right?
Yeah, it's supposed to be not so much like, it's more like a first-person shooter now.
I might remember hearing it on a previous show or something, but this is the first time
I remember hearing it, um, right now, so.
Uh, let's see, Activision has Call of Duty Black Ops and Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock,
and supposedly that's it, I somehow doubt that.
Bethesda's bringing Brink, Fallout New Vegas, Hunted the Demons Forge, and Rage.
Capcom 2 has Dead Rising 2, Marvel vs. Capcom 3, and an untitled sequel.
Uh, let's see, and that's, I'm ignoring the mobile stuff.
Disney Interactive Studios has Epic Mickey, Guilty Party, Pirates, are they really gonna
call that game Epic Mickey?
I think that's a stupid title.
Maybe it's just the working title right now.
God, I hope it is, cause that's a, let me go on record saying that is a stupid name
for a video game.
Pirates of the Caribbean Armada of the Damned, Toy Story 3, Tron Evolution, and Tron Legacy.
Hey, I'm all about checking out the Tron.
Those are supposed to be cool.
I wanna see what that looks like, that's gonna be awesome.
Uh, EA is showing APB, Bulletstorm, Crysis 2, Dead Space 2, EA Sports Active 2.0, FIFA
Soccer 11, Madden NFL 11, Medal of Honor, NBA Jam, NCAA Football 11, NHL 11, Tiger Woods
PGA Tour 11, lots and lots of sporty games.
Hudson Soft, Beyblade, Metal Fusion, Bomberman Live, Battlefest, Bonk, Brink of Extinction,
Deca Sports 3, Lost in Shadow, and Oops! Prank Party on the Wii.
Oops, I crapped my pants party.
Oh my god, Oops! Prank Party.
Konami has Castlevania Puzzle, Angkor of the Night, Castlevania Lords of Shadow, Def Jam
Rap Star, Lucha Libre AAA, Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker, N399 Nights 2, Pro Evo Soccer
2010, Rocket Knight, Russian Attack Ex-Patriot Saw 2, and the Cages Pro Style Batting Practice.
As I said earlier in the show, notice no DDR in that list.
Could DDR be dead?
Nope, I will tell you what they're probably gonna do.
Surprise announcement?
They're gonna make an announcement that's gonna support N-Tall.
You think?
Yeah, I have a feeling.
Alright, we'll see what happens.
Because you know, Konami, they like doing gimmicky shit that doesn't make any sense
for the franchise whatsoever.
For example, what they were showing off at last E3 with Dance Dance Revolution, playing
Dance Dance Revolution on the Wii Fit balance board using your ass.
That made no fucking sense.
Do you guys want some video at E3 of me playing Def Jam Rap Star?
You know who I want to see video playing that?
What?
Irene.
Ah, I wish she could go to E3 this year.
Good times.
My heart, Irene.
LucasArts is bringing Lego Star Wars 3, Monkey Island 2 Special Edition, The Force Unleashed
2, and Star Wars The Old Republic.
Lots of stuff there.
Majesco is bringing Crafting Mama, Greg Hastings, Paintball 2, Swords, and Zumba Fitness.
Microsoft.
No Babysitting Mama?
Apparently not.
Disappointment.
Uh, let's see, Microsoft is bringing Fable 3, Gears of War 3, Halo Reach, and Project
N-Tall Games.
MTV Games is bringing Rock Band 3, Namco Bandai is bringing Ace Combat, Clash of the Titans,
Enslaved, Dragon Ball Origins, Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm, an Untitled Pac-Man game, and
Splatterhouse.
Natsume is bringing Harvest Moon Grand Bazaar, and Lufia, Curse of the Sinistrals.
Yes?
Dude, I remember Lufia.
It's coming back.
It's I think a remake of the old games.
I think I have Lufia.
It's coming back.
Tokyo's bringing Metroid Other M, The Legend of Zelda Wii, Wii Vitality Sensor Games, and
all their 3DS games.
No mention of Pokemon Black and White yet, which is interesting.
I would thought that that would be out on the floor, but maybe they're just not ready.
Maybe that'll be a Tokyo game show, I don't know.
Sega's got Conduit 2.
I didn't know they were making a Conduit 2.
Yeah.
Nice.
Phantasy Star Portable 2, Tournament of Legends Wii, Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode 1, Sonic
Chronicles, and Valkyria Chronicles 2 on the PSP.
SNK is bringing The King of Fighters XIII.
Sony is bringing iPad, Free Realms, God of War, Ghost of Sparta, that's PSP, Gran Turismo
5, Hot Shots Tennis, Invisimals, Killzone 3, LittleBigPlanet 2, Move Party, PlayStation
Move Games, SOCOM 4, Sports Champions, Slider, TV Superstars, The Fight Lights Out, The Last
Guardian, and the shoot.
Ooh, The Last Guardian.
That was that epic trailer last year, huh?
Yeah, it was.
I remember.
I want to see that.
Sounds awesome.
Let's see what else we got.
Squeenix, Deus Ex, Human Revolution, Final Fantasy XIV, Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep,
Kane and Lynch 2, Dog Days, and Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light.
I know that sounds kind of weird that that's at the Squeenix booth, but there's that whole
merger now.
That's how it works.
We got a few more for you guys.
THQ is going to be showing DaBlob, The Underground, Homefront, Red Faction 4, Saints Row 3, The
Last Airbender, the movie, UFC Undisputed 2010, Warhammer 40K Online, and Warhammer
40K Space Marine, WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011, and SmackDown vs. Raw Online.
Trying to wrap this up here, Ubisoft, Assassin's Creed Brotherhood, Shaun White Skateboarding,
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier, Hawks 2, and an Untitled Driver sequel, Valve is
bringing Portal 2, Warner Brothers is supposed to be showing Arkham Asylum 2, as well as
Batman the Brave and the Bold, that's the Wii version, Cats and Dogs, The Revenge of
Kitty Galore, notice how that's Kitty Galore and not the James Bond villain, Fear 3, LEGO
Harry Potter Years 1-4, Lord of the Rings Aragon's Quest, Lord of the Rings War in the
North, and last but not least, Super Scribblenauts.
Now with the verbs.
There it is, a list of what is being shown at E3.
Sounds like it's going to be a fun year, isn't it?
I'm excited, I'm sorry, that's what I meant, adjectives, not verbs, don't you have all
of it though it seems like?
No.
It'd be hard to spawn a verb.
Spawn run.
Alright, well, this is the part of the show where we're going to get to some last minute
stories because, well actually I take that back, we already have calls coming in, let's
go to the Skype line, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio,
we're going to go to the Skype line right now, we've already got calls coming in, hi,
you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
It's Ray Iyanami.
Hey, Ray Iyanami, what's on your mind, buddy?
I've been bad from Fanime for about a week now.
Fanime was over Memorial Day weekend, sadly I was not there, I was in Portland, but how
was Fanime this year?
Pretty fun, it seems to get better every year, and there's a few crappy parts, but it doesn't
detract from the experience as a whole usually.
Well first things first, I've got to ask, since it is a video game show, how is the
game room at Fanime?
Okay, I can't take it back, so, gaming room for arcades, they had, like the usual stuff
from last year, but this time they have a few new things like Mushihime-sama and Digimax-Technica,
I was the special side to see Technica, even if they have the Platinum Crew servers, but
I expected it not to be there anyway.
Did they wheel that all over from SVGL or something?
Actually no, from what I've heard, like some years ago, there was some fallout between
Fanime and Golf Land, so now Fanime gets their machines from University arcades, like, someone
from San Jose State and UCLA.
Oh, okay.
Gotcha.
So we ended up getting UCLA's machine.
Hmm, interesting.
Well that's cool, it sounds like game room was fun.
Most of the game room was a bit of a letdown this year, mainly because there weren't as
many TVs, like, the concentration of people playing fighting games and people playing
other games like Class D, Jameson's Smokes and such was really high this year, like,
like you pick a random TV, like 4-5 times, it's probably going to be Brawl or something
else like, or Rock Band or something, or like something I say pretty much every damn con
gaming room.
What about some cosplay?
Was there any good gaming cosplay?
I know DarkSakuro showed me a picture earlier, I don't think it was from Fanime, but some
Metal Gear cosplay.
Was there any good gaming cosplay you saw?
Umm, yeah.
Well, like what?
I saw a picture of a Vanille from Final Fantasy XIII that looked really cute, I thought she
did a good job.
What'd you see?
I saw a lot of Touhou cosplay, though that's mainly because I went to the Touhou Gathering
and the explosion of, like, Touhou related events on Sunday, I was sad to not see any
Bimani cosplay like usual.
Well, I hate to tell you, but Bimani's kind of fading out.
Yeah, I know.
It's just like, I saw a few 2DX cosplayers at SoccerCon, which I didn't get pictures
of much from my Chagrin, or Chagrin, however I'll pronounce that.
I'm looking at some of your pictures, it looks like there was a Pac-Man there I'm looking
at and I'm looking at a Black Mage and a Sackboy, Loki's Sackboy costume is better though.
I saw some BlazBlue cosplay like Hazama and Lychee.
Oh, that's cool.
I saw a couple Captain Falcons, which is one of the alternate palettes from Super Smash
Brothers, interestingly.
There's also the guy that does British cosplay every year, so glad to see him every year.
Now what's this about, there were some protesters?
Were people protesting Faname?
What's up with this?
Uh, they weren't protesting Faname per se, it's basically, you know about those fire
and brimstone preachers that go turn or burn and such like that?
Oh yeah, yeah, you always see them out, like even when I was in Portland there was one
out at the fair, they do like a cute little fair downtown where a lot of local vendors
come out and sell their local goods and there was some guy standing there on the street
corner spouting their whole thing about, you know, everybody's going to hell, and that
whole thing.
So Faname got a little bit of that?
Yeah.
Good times.
Oh, I came across a Guitar Freaks V4 machine with EMU slots, but it's not connected to
EMUs.
Interesting.
Did you actually play some of the Guitar Freaks?
No, I don't really play Guitar Freaks or Drummania.
I'm more of a 2DX person and a DJ Maxx person.
Did they have 2DX?
Um, yeah they did, but interestingly it was a hacked version of 2DX Empress with DJ Maxx
crossovers and other things on it.
Huh.
I didn't play it because the screen was laggy and laggy screens make me rage quit.
Wait, wait, wait, there was, there was Technica, I'm sorry, DJ Maxx crossovers in this game?
How was that?
Is it a hack?
Yeah, someone has some DJ Maxx songs into 2DX, which is very interesting.
I've seen a video of it on YouTube before.
Hmm, interesting.
Well I didn't even know something like that existed, but that's cool.
Well any other thoughts on Faname you want to tell us before we let you go?
I think what Faname could do next year for the console gaming is maybe have one section
where it's like no fighting games or anything like that, like classic games and shooters
and other things that don't require you to kick ass and have fun.
I'm all about a classic game room like they have at PAX.
Good stuff.
Yeah, they had one at SoccerCon, they had a retro gaming room where it was mostly like
stuff, like N64 era stuff and earlier.
Very cool.
Well hopefully we'll be able to make it out next year.
I know we skipped this year, but maybe we'll be back.
I haven't seen you guys since 2007, so I'm getting worried if I'll ever see you at Faname
again.
Well, we'll try to make it work.
When's California Xtreme?
I saw you asking about that.
That already happened.
I'll go to Faname next year.
When's California Xtreme?
I think it's in July, aka next month.
Maybe we'll go to that, because I've never been to California Xtreme and I'd really like
to go.
What do you think there, Sakura?
Do it.
Think we'll make that happen in July?
We'll see what we can do.
I'm not going to make any promises yet, but July would be a lot better than June.
So maybe.
Alright, well, Ray, we're going to let you go so we can take some more calls, but thank
you so much for your call and have fun.
Alright, see ya.
Later.
1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRady if you want to give us a
call.
Loki, do you have any other last minute stories for us real quick?
Yeah, I got some interesting things.
There's a rumor that they're going to be doing a Street Fighter versus Tekken game.
That's kind of interesting.
Interesting.
Sounds like fun.
Yes.
So maybe that's going to be kind of the title they're going to announce at E3, I don't know.
July 17th through 18th for California Xtreme.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hey Spazinator, what's on your mind?
I had one question that kind of ties in very loosely to the last call that you had.
Alright, but just one.
No, I'm just kidding.
What's up?
I was kind of wondering, is there any like retro games that you would love to see either
in Microsoft's game room or on PSN that's not already there or hasn't been announced?
Ooh, good question.
I would definitely like to see PS2 somehow able to get some of my old PS, because believe
it or not, PS2 is getting to be, you know, when did the PS2 come out?
About 10 years ago.
So it's going to be a little bit retro.
As far otherwise, I would say I would like to see a little bit more of the Commodore
64 love.
There's a little bit of that on the Wii, but we don't have enough of it, especially here
stateside.
I realize Commodore 64 was a bigger deal over in Europe, but like I would love to see stuff
like Impossible Mission and so forth released over here.
And I hope that my earlier inkling, that if Game Room is going to reach thousands of games,
then they're going to dip into the old like Apple IIe library and the Commodore 64 library
and some of that.
I hope my inkling there is correct, because there's lots of Commodore 64 games I would
love to see get the treatment.
I mean, you guys should see some of the EA games back when they were ECA.
They made some pretty epic games.
Mule, M-U-L-E, was a great game on the 64.
I'd love to see make a comeback.
You know, there's a lot of those like classic computer games of yesteryear I would love
to see.
And if that happens on PSN, that would be great too.
Although I sort of see the classic stuff on PSN as being more of a like Sony-based thing
usually.
I don't usually see a lot of old stuff.
But you know what's interesting?
There has been some obscure stuff.
Let me give you one retro title.
Digger HD is out on PlayStation Network, and it's kind of an overlooked title, but it's
a remake of an old, old PC game.
And what's really cool, the old PC game is in there and playable.
It's not one of my favorite classic games and not one that necessarily necessitated
the treatment it got, but I think it's an example of a retro remake done really well.
And that is on PlayStation Network and not on 360.
It's only on PSN, Digger HD.
It's worth a look.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I got that one too.
In fact, I got that two I want to see roughly about a month and a half ago.
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
I mean, it's cute for a retro game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
At least in terms of game room, what I would love to see is like virtually any old classic
Capcom game.
I mean, Capcom, before they really started going gung ho on home consoles, they've been
known for their arcade titles, whether it be the 1940 series, the Street Fighter series
that's pretty much a given, Ghosts and Goblins, and so on and so forth.
Game room badly needs other publishers on board because right now the only game room
games that are coming out are Atari, Activision, Intellivision, and Konami.
That's it.
I have not seen games from, at least I can think of, off the top of my head.
I don't believe there are any other publisher's games showing up in game room, which is odd
because they promised this thousand games thing earlier.
And what's also strange to me, this week in game room, let me take a step back.
Game packs like three and four in the other expansions we got were packs of 14 games split
into two weeks worth of releases.
In other words, they were timed release.
It's like when you downloaded pack three, you got seven games one week and then seven
games the next.
Well, game pack five just came out and we got five games this week, which makes me think
it's going to be three weeks worth now.
They're stretching these game packs out longer and longer, like they are going to run out
of games.
My hope is that they are going to make some big announcements at E3 and that's kind of
why we're waiting because right now, okay, well the three weeks for game pack five would
take us right through the end of E3.
There was also a delay this week.
Game pack five was held up by a day and I don't know if maybe this all plays into it,
but I really hope that they are coming out at E3 and saying, hey, we have these other
publishers on board for game room.
If they don't do that, game room is doomed and it's really a bummer because there's so
much potential with game room.
Although I fired up video pinball this week, which was one of the releases.
Yeah, not what I remember when I was six.
I was kind of disappointed.
Yeah, in fact, I had just recently bought Super Breakouts and as Bobby Blackbroker,
he had pointed out on his show, Without the Pail is kind of a pain in the arse to play
that game, but still, even with that being said, you know, there's the whole nostalgia
factor considering that there was, I think the first game I ever played at Syphon Blackjack
on the 2600, so there's something behind that.
I think a lot of people also, when they think about the old Breakout games, they're really
thinking about Arkanoid.
You might know the difference between the games, and I'm sure someone like Bobby certainly
knows his video games and all that, but I think when a lot of us think about Breakout
and the retro goodness of that game, you're really remembering Arkanoid and some of the
better Breakout games that came out later on, and Tidal would be a good publisher to
buddy up with too.
You could get Arkanoid, Bubble Bobble, lots of good stuff.
The next few weeks are really crucial for game room, and I've gone on this tangent in
previous shows.
I'm really worried the game room is going to be a giant disappointment, and it's almost
more disappointing because if it doesn't work, you're not going to see anyone else want to
try it, and there was such good ideas here, but I really think those chrome layoffs affected
things harder than they claimed it was going to, but I hope they're at E3, because I'm
going to ask some questions.
I can't wait.
Oh yeah.
Can't wait.
Yeah, I really hope that despite the layoffs, they do manage to really turn out the games
for you, and they get all the support from the gaming community that they deserve, because
I just hate to have to wait another generation or two for something similar to game room.
Let's hope.
Let's hope.
Spaznator, I got to let you go, because we're going to go and wrap up the show, but thanks
so much as always for your call, okay?
Sure.
Have a good one.
You too, buddy.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skypline tonight.
I'm sorry to close the phones, but we're kind of running long tonight because part A was
really, really long tonight.
It was almost two hours long, so unfortunately I am going to close up the Skypline so we
can kind of wrap up the show, because we still have an afterword to get to and all that fun
stuff, and last minute stories.
We haven't let Loki finish last minute stories, but I did want to invite callers, please email
us right now.
Mailbag at orangelauntrader.com.
Get your thoughts out so we can read them on next week's show.
Loki.
Yes.
Other things.
There was a game that I think we talked about a long time ago.
It was a Grand Theft Auto kind of demake, I guess.
They were doing like an 8-bit version of it.
There's a guy working on like a ROM hack, or actually just kind of a custom game that
was going to be based on, I guess, Grand Theft Auto.
Well, now this game is being retitled and losing all of its Grand Theft Auto ties, but
it's going to be coming out on WiiWare as Retro City Rampage, and it looks pretty awesome.
They're going to have a bunch of different parodies on different things like Metal Gear,
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and whatnot, Sonic, and the game itself is pretty much
an open world action game, just like the old school top down Grand Theft Autos.
So that's pretty sweet.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Apparently, some of the Nintendo portables, the DSi XL, they are getting some new colors
of the DSi XL.
There's going to be yellow, blue, and green coming out in Japan, and also in time for
all that stuff, they're going to be dropping the price as well.
So cutting it down from 20,000 yen to 18,000 yen, and the DSi will also drop down from
18,900 yen to about 15,000 yen.
So that's kind of interesting, I guess getting ready for the 3DS.
That blue one is kind of pretty though, so is the green one.
Yellow one I could do without.
Then also in the UK, the DSi is getting the price drop as well.
Could they be announcing one on stage next week?
Yeah, that would be my guess.
Could that possibly be happening?
Yeah, and the funny thing is, these are all starting on June 18th.
June 18th.
Yeah, that doesn't coincide with something, I'm sure, if I put my mind to it.
And yeah, they will be dropping the price as well from 150 euros to, looks like 120
to 130 euros around there, so interesting.
There's a rumor that Kim Kardashian is going to be the next Lara Croft.
Whatever.
Well, she's got the assets to be Lara Croft, but that's about it.
She can't act way out of a box, so I don't really care.
MotorStorm 3 apparently is going post-apocalyptic, and this is coming from some screens leaked
on the French website PS3 Gen.
They have what they claim to be some stolen images of MotorStorm 3 showing kind of a,
I guess, San Francisco map that has buildings crumbling and whatnot.
To me, if this is actually real, this is kind of what fuel should have been, but I kind
of like that.
I think that'd be kind of cool.
I didn't really get into the last MotorStorm game, but the first one was pretty good.
Could be interesting.
I'm interested.
And then finally, Def Jam Rapstar is going to be coming out, I guess, this year.
Europe October 5th and North American November 6th.
The game will retail for $69.99 on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and $59.99 on the Wii.
I'm assuming it comes with one microphone.
And some of the songs that have been announced for it, they've got Biz Marquee's Just a Friend,
Drake's Best I Ever Had, Ice Cube's with It Was a Good Day, Outkast's So Fresh, So Clean
by Pete Rock, and CL Smooth's The Reminisce is Over You, Troy.
And also Redman's and Method Man's Da Rock Wilder and Salt Peppers.
Push it.
Biz Marquee.
Push it real good.
They're going to have a freestyle mode as well as a couple of original instrumental
tracks, which I guess will tie in with the freestyle mode.
So, interesting.
Comments from our chat room.
Chat.org.com.
Salacious Pop commenting on the Kim Kardashian role.
You can't do backflips with an Ask That Fat.
I'm Too Good says if the second Lara Croft movie was the first one, it wouldn't have
bombed.
It wouldn't have been the first.
So I never saw either one.
I got to admit.
I don't watch a lot of video game movies.
I did see like Resident Evil.
Silent Hill was obviously the last one I saw.
That's a good one.
I want to go back and watch that again.
I thought it was underrated by most people, but whatevs.
Different movies for different people, I suppose.
All right.
Is that it?
That's it.
We're done.
We're out.
It's time for us to wrap up the show and say our good nights.
Of course, we'll be back here next week with our big pre-E3 show.
Some folks are asking for an OLR game the week before E3.
We might just have to give them what they want.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice after all, so we'll be doing that.
We might be actually doing a press conference live.
I just have to steal the audio from another site, so we'll have to figure that out.
If anybody knows of a site that's doing the audio live Sunday, please...
Which one is it?
Microsoft?
The Cirque du Soleil one.
It's the tall one.
It'll probably be on Xbox.com.
Well, maybe it will be.
We can steal the audio.
We'll rebroadcast it over here with our own commentary, because it's not stealing if we
provide a certain percentage of original content.
And Miklotov will be here, and we'll be talking E3.
It's going to be a very packed show next week, so stay tuned for that.
And of course, thank you guys very much for tuning into our show and downloading it, listening
live, however you did.
All we ask you guys, if you enjoy what you've heard, please tell two people about our program.
Help us spread the word, because we are not a big magazine or a big website.
We are by the people, for the people, and we really only get our advertising done via
word of mouth.
That's it.
We don't play any advertising on the show, so that's all we ask.
Help us advertise instead.
So that's it.
We can't close out the show, though, until we go around and give everybody's final thoughts.
Loki, we'll start with you tonight.
What's your final thought, Loki?
My final thought is...
I'm going to be busy this week.
My final thought is...
I want a teriyaki chicken bowl from Jack in the Box.
That sounds really good right now.
Dark Soccer, what's your final thought?
How's that voice coming along good, huh?
What voice?
You need some WD-40.
All right.
I've got Ricola.
Thank you guys very much for listening once again.
Have a wonderful week.
We will see you here next week for more of Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
