The following program is intended for mature audiences.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Here's your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Lowkey.
Tonight, March 7th, 2010, we get first impressions on Final Fantasy XIII.
One of our favorite games is patched with teasers of a sequel, and the Rock Band Network goes live.
Orange Lounge Radio.
I come bearing a message from President Catt.
Here in California, home of Silicon Valley, home of video games, we are in a budget crisis.
State employees are furloughed, meaning we can't go to the DMV most Fridays.
Students are protesting out on the freeways amidst high tuition cutbacks.
Yet somehow, our legislatures found the time last week to pass a resolution
supporting Anti-Cussing Week to take place this very week.
Residents are encouraged to refrain from cussing and donate swear jar money to charity
because swearing bothers some 14-year-old in Southern California.
Apparently, swearing profusely shows a lack of intelligence or some sort of lack of character.
However, substituting words like opicles and sassafras, which have all of the same intent,
is somehow okay and makes you a smarter person.
As residents of the state of California, we reject this notion.
As intelligent individuals, we take offense to the notion
that using versatile swear words somehow demonstrates a lack of intelligence.
As free citizens of the United States of America living under the First Amendment,
we say, fuck yeah, to free speech.
We will work tonight in protest of No Cussing Week
to break the record for most uses of the F-word on an internet podcast.
Tonight, on a very special Orange Lounge radio, we bring you The Fuck Show.
Welcome to another fucking week of Orange Lounge fucking radio.
My name is Rob, Fucking Roberts, here with you every week as always.
Say hello to the one and only fucking wonderful Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Well, fuckity fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.
How the fuck are you tonight, young lady?
Fucking rad. And pissed off.
Why are you so fucking pissed off tonight?
Because people just annoy the fuck out of me.
Why? What did they do? What ruffled your fucking feathers this week?
I'm just fucking annoyed at people feeling like they have to defend their own fucking opinion
every fucking time someone says something that's different from them. So fuck them.
Not really fuck them, but just fuck in general.
I know, just fuck them. Right in their fucking ears.
Hey, say hello to the one and only, he is so fucking smart, tech master, Loki.
I keep fucking coughing. I wish this fucking gold go away.
You have been fucking sick for like 30 fucking weeks now.
I haven't been coughing all day long, but then all of a sudden this fucking coughing started after I ate all of my chicken.
Would you like some tea?
No, I really hate fucking tea. Tea is awful.
No, I think it's the root beer. And while delicious the root beer was, it makes me cough. And that's not good.
Are you allergic to fucking root beer?
No, I am not allergic to root beer. Root beer is awesome.
It's just, you know, the carbonation or whatever kind of loosens the fucking phlegm in my throat.
So, it sucks. But yeah, otherwise I'm fine. I'm fucking great.
Alright, glad to hear it.
Alright, well folks, we do have some gaming news to get into a little later.
But first, we always fucking start off the show talking about our fucking gaming weeks.
Like, anybody really gives a fuck what we've been playing.
But that's just how you do a video game podcast.
We've been doing it a very fucking long time, about eight years.
So, we used to start with a little segment called How Was Your Day? How Was Your Week?
But no one really gave a shit. So, we evolved it to fucking video games.
So, how the fuck was your gaming week, DarkSakura?
It was fucking boring.
I played Star Trek Online and made it to Lieutenant Commander. Finally, fuck yeah.
And got this weird Klingon chick and a Bajoran dude, but fuck him.
And that's about all. I didn't do fuck all.
Alright. It's more fucking Star Trek Online, same fucking story every fucking week.
But that's alright. That's what it's like to be fucking addicted to an MMO. I should know.
I'm not addicted. Fuck you.
Okay, sorry. Maybe not fucking addicted, but fucking...
I set a day. A day that is my fuck off day. Where I do fuck all.
But play my damn game and fuck around on the internet.
I think it's good to have a fuck off day. I have fuck off days on days ending in one.
I have actually started a project. A fantastic fucking project.
That does not involve fucking, by the way.
Called Project Real Life. Where this thing, this evil box, this fucking whore of a computer gets turned off.
How the fuck are you able to function?
But you're fucking playing the game in real life. So I don't understand what the fucking point is.
I'm paying attention to my own fucking real life.
Well fuck me then. No thank you.
Alright. Loki, how the fuck was your gaming week?
Well let's talk about how awesome my gaming week was.
No wait, let's talk about how awful today was. Today was a fucking mess.
You see, I have a fucking 360. Well, many fucking 360s.
One of which was apparently going to be modded or J-tagged, if you will.
And so I found some guy on Craigslist, which right there should have sent out some fucking signs.
That would be willing to do it for me. So we arranged to meet this morning.
So I drove a fucking hour and fifteen minutes down the Stockton, the butthole of the Sacramento County.
Well actually it's San Joaquin County. Still butthole of the county.
And so we went down there, and mind you...
Actually, just to quantify. In the fucking state of California, you have fucking Fresno.
Which I think is generally accepted as kind of like the asshole of the state of California.
No fucking offense to those that live there. Stockton would kind of be...
It's kind of like between the asshole and the balls. So Stockton is kind of the fucking taint of California.
And there's nothing on the way.
And it's not pleasurable.
It's just cow country. Fucking shitty smelling cow country.
Anyways, so I decided... Okay, mind you, I woke up at 730 this morning.
That's fucking early on a Sunday.
I drove all the way down there. Met the guy just before 9.
Gave him my console. Paid him the $60 it would be, you know, to solder in the chip that I wanted him to solder in.
Told me it would take about, you know, fucking 30 to 45 minutes.
Four hours later, waiting in fucking Stockton.
The guy's not returning any of my text messages. He's not returning any of my phone calls.
And so I'm fucking sitting there going, okay, well, I guess I'm either going to fucking sit here all day,
or I'm going to have to fucking leave and leave my console behind and assume that I'm getting ripped off.
So that's what happened. I got fucking ripped off apparently.
Well, fuck him.
Yes, fuck him indeed. And so I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt for now.
And assume that this really was a mistake and his phone is all fucked up or whatever.
And so I will be polite and contact him by email, you know, giving him the opportunity to, you know, fucking ship me my console.
However, if he doesn't do that, then I'm fucking posting his phone number and posting his email.
Hey, don't forget. Send me his IP. I will find his fucking address.
We can go show up at his house and say, fuck you. Give it back.
So, anyways, and then Final Fantasy 13.
This is not the C-word show. Fuck you.
And then Final Fantasy 13. That's, you know, basically been my gaming week.
By the way, Dark Soccer is just fucking openly swearing randomly at our fucking chat room.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to join all the fucking action tonight in our chat room.
Yes, three hours of this tonight, ladies and fucking gentlemen. It could be this or the Oscars, I mean, honestly.
And remember, keep track of how many fucks get fucking said so that we can fucking send it to fucking Guinness and fucking Ireland.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Hey, stop trying to run up the counter artificially.
That's not artificial.
Fucking stop it.
I'm legitimately saying fuck, and I can say fuck as much as I fucking want to, Rob, so fuck you.
Oh, in a good way.
Loki, any more in your fucking gaming room?
Rob, I fucking love you.
I fucking love you too, bitch.
I also played some more of, oh, what the fuck, Borderlands.
I played more of Borderlands because I'm trying to get the game finished before I can, you know, fucking start the new expansion.
And I'm liking it still, and I just have to level up my characters.
Actually, I have to level up my friend's character because he's fucking 18 levels below me.
So, yeah, so I played a little bit more of that.
And of course, Grand Theft Auto, you know, fucking, what, ranked like 74 now in the true skill ranks.
And then I'm still fucking like 195 in the regular ranks just because I don't play on the weekends.
And it's, you know, kind of bounces around during the week, so.
But true skill's really where I'm, you know, trying to get to the top of the fucking list.
And doing pretty good. So, that's it.
You notice how our chat room has been increasing exponentially?
Oh, and fuck deft? Cunt.
I said it. I hate that word, and I said it, so whatever.
I'm looking at the chat, and all these fucking people are in there tonight.
We love you all, by the way. We fucking love you and your support so much.
But we have Hardcore77777. That's a lot of fucking sevens.
And his name there says, oh wow, I picked a bad night to listen.
Yes, you fucking picked a bad night.
Welcome to your first fucking live show. Congratulations.
How was that?
Isn't any week a fucking bad night to listen?
Who was that?
Hardcore77777777. Seven. Seven.
And a fucking GP says, fucking GTA again? Fuck Loki, fuck.
Hey, I believe that every fucking day. Twice fucking day.
Actually, sometimes three fucking times a day.
And I fuck everyone up in it, because I'm so fucking awesome.
So, I have to. I have to mention it every week.
It's what I'm proud of.
In fact, and we'll get into this a little bit fucking later,
but remember how they updated some TOS stuff for Xbox Live?
And now I can post my Ballad of Gay Tony ranks in there without, you know, the word gay being, you know, fucking banning me.
Ah, well congratulations I suppose. There's a good reason.
That whole policy was kind of fucked anyway. It was overcompensating.
Is that a story later we're going to get into?
I should probably shut my fucking mouth then.
Anything else you want to talk about during your fucking gaming week?
Just Final Fantasy's awesome.
Alright, my fucking gaming week. I've been playing a lot of fucking WoW as usual.
My character's probably to about fucking level 53 I think I finally fucking dinged this week.
Fucking addict.
Shut the fuck up.
Bite my fucking ass.
My boyfriend though, he got to level fucking 55, so he can roll a fucking Death Knight now whenever the fuck he wants.
But we might do like the twin Death Knight thing like fucking later, but I don't know.
Like right now the fucking focus is getting his fucking character to 80.
But the problem is I found another game that's going to fucking sink all my time for the next two weeks, which I'll get into in a minute.
But I wanted to talk about a couple of other fucking games real quick.
One of them is Critter Crunch. It's so fucking cute.
And I finally played the full version of the game. I played the fucking demo before.
It's fucking cute. It's a lot like Magical Drop. Did you ever fucking play that?
Yeah, I played that. I didn't really care for it too much, but...
Imagine if Magical Drop wasn't about matching the fucking colors, but it was about putting things in a fucking sequence.
Like instead of like fucking all the blues disappear, it's like you got to go fucking green, red, and blue in an order or whatever.
That sounds too fucking complicated.
No, it's not that fucking bad because it's little bugs, fucking medium-sized bugs, and then big bugs.
And it's pretty intuitive to figure out. It's not that fucking hard.
And there's these weird elements too where you fucking barf rainbows into little critters' mouths and all these like overly cute fucking things.
Well, no wonder you fucking like it. Barfing rainbows.
Shut up. It's fucking cute. Shut up.
And there's lots of modes in it. I wish I'd bought the fucking game when it was on sale, but it's okay because it's on Alan's PlayStation 3 so I can play it whenever the fuck I'm over there.
But it was really cute. I played through a good probably 15 stages while I was there and got some trophies.
It's cute. I think it's a fucking good deal and if I wasn't so busy playing something else right now, I might fucking buy the full version.
Who wants some fucking tequila?
You have fucking tequila?
You bought it.
If I didn't have to fucking drive home, I would.
We can do a shot now.
As if my swearing wasn't bad enough right now.
Well, fuck it. It's a night just to fuck it. Do you want some tequila?
I don't want any tequila.
I better pass. I better pass. Thank you though.
Fine. I'll drink my beer by myself.
You fucking drink yourself into a coma.
Alright, let's see.
I play Misty too.
Why is that?
Just tell me about fucking beer.
Um, let's see. What the fuck else is I playing?
Oh, Final Fantasy II on the fucking iPhone.
You kinda know what you're in for if you're gonna download a Final Fantasy game onto the fucking iPhone.
Because the iPhone, although it is a gaming platform, it's kind of a fucking terrible one because there's no fucking controller.
And that's the worst part about Final Fantasy II.
I will say this. The game fucking looks great.
It's fucking gorgeous. It's one of the best fucking looking games on the iPhone.
It's a port of the fucking PSP one.
It is. It's a fucking port of the PSP one, almost like tit for tat.
But, they have made some fucking adjustments to it to make it more touch friendly.
For instance, when you're in a battle, you have all these little fucking icons instead of the words to attack.
And even when you're in the menus to cast fucking magic, there's these little fucking icons that show up that you use to cast your fucking spells and shit.
And, you know, if you want to cast your spell on all the fucking enemies, you drag your finger to select all the enemies.
You can't unfortunately just fucking sit there and hammer the A button to get through all the fucking battles.
You know, you kind of have to tap tap tap tap, so everything's a little bit fucking slower.
That's not the annoying part. I don't fucking mind that as much as I do.
When you're in the fucking towns, and you're having to use the fucking fake D-pad on the touchscreen and the fucking button to run,
And you're trying to talk to fucking townspeople, because the framerate is so fucking bad.
And everything is so fucking jumpy that you literally have to chase all the fucking townspeople around for a fucking minute just to fucking talk to them.
to them which shouldn't be that fucking hard in a Final Fantasy game well they
don't fucking tell you that before you buy it so you won't know until you buy
it but I will say this nine dollars is a pretty fucking good price for Final
Fantasy 2 again I bought Final Fantasy 2 because I played the original fucking
Final Fantasy a ton of times so whatever but the Final Fantasy fucking 2 I only
played once on the PSP so I decided what the fuck I'll buy this just to kind of
check it out it's only nine dollars I will say this if you have a fucking PSP
just spend the extra ten dollars to get a copy of the Final Fantasy yeah you
could probably fucking find it used somewhere for cheaper so yeah if you're
gonna pay nine dollars for the fucking iPhone version did I say nukin is that a
nukin nukin but it's fuck inga yeah thank you I know um if you're gonna
spend half as much to get the iPhone version then you fucking get what you
fucking pay for that's all I have to say when it comes to controls this kind of
weak sauce but it is a beautiful game and you know with being able to save
anywhere the fuck you want to it's a good game to just pass the time if
you're you know on the fucking potty or sitting at the fucking doctor's office
waiting for something it's it'll take you probably a year to fucking beat that
way but you can fucking do it so there you go um let's see other fucking gaming
news this week okay I'll tell you a game that's been taking a lot of my fucking
time Final Fantasy 13 I've sunk about five and a half hours into it so let me
give you my first impressions and I'm gonna step away from the f-word thing
for a minute because I I know a lot of people are really anticipating this game
so I want to talk seriously about this for a minute so Final Fantasy 13 is
obviously on its way out on Tuesday and we got a copy through legitimate
purposes don't you worry it's it's totally legit and all that stuff just a
few days early just so we could jump in there and have something to say about it
today it played through the game and you know I've read a lot of the reviews are
online just like a lot of you guys have about how the game is is really fucking
linear and you know it's kind of just an interactive movie where you're just
fucking bashing the X button for a long time and I kind of go well Final Fantasy
7 I see a lot of comparisons from 13 to 7 at least in the bits that I've played
so far you might remember in Final Fantasy 7 you started that game and you
were in Midgar and you were trapped there you know I shouldn't say trapped
it makes it sound like you couldn't do anything but you were playing a somewhat
linear story for about the first seven hours of Final Fantasy 7 until you
depending on you know how fast or slower you are you tell you get out of Midgar
and explore the overworld now I know an overworld well I don't I don't really
know what I haven't read spoilers on 13 and I don't want to know so chat stay
quiet I don't know if there's an overworld that shows up but I already
know there's no towns so I imagine it's gonna stay kind of very well they have
took over writing they have in the manual so obviously okay so so there's
gonna be some type of overworld later that's gonna be similar to seven in fact
honestly guys this game has a lot in common with seven there's a lot of the
same types of characters like lightning and cloud have a lot in common except
one's got a vagina there's you know the emo kid that you just want to slap
across the face there's your sassy black man that's there for comic relief I mean
there's a lot of similarities and but that isn't a bad thing I mean Final Fantasy
7 was a really good game it got overblown a little bit by the fucking
crazy-ass fans out there but it's it was still a good game 13 is kind of linear
in the beginning because you're running down a railroad track so yeah there's
not a lot of fucking places to go because you're supposed to be running in
a fucking straight line but I kind of consider that part of the very slow
learning curve of this game and I think that's what's gonna make or break people
consider that you don't learn about paradigm shifts which is this huge
fucking change to the battle system until you're three hours into the game
is that like x2 or 10 to um I think that's a lot of I mean Lost Odyssey kind
of had some of that too a lot of these are so it does remind me a lot of Lost
Odyssey actually mm-hmm but Lost Odyssey was more like you know Final Fantasy but
when I say it takes three hours to get there I don't want you thinking you're
just fucking bored for three hours just sitting there jerking off doing nothing
I kind of find this game to be like a like a banana or something that slowly
peels and slowly unfold it's our show its true shape and like if you don't I
don't know if you read any of the manual or anything like before you started like
like falsie and lost you know let's see and stuff like that I was like what the
fuck are they talking about turn subtitles on interjection just a fucking
interject I'm currently not listening to this because I haven't played it yet and
I'm trying to keep the spoiler for I'm not gonna get story but I'm and I want
to be completely surprised so I'm I will give little spoilers about the battle
system I am zoning the fuck out okay fucking zone out all you want sorry
lucky what we say no it is confusing and I do have the subtitles and stuff turned
on because you know I don't want to in the my audio whatever cuz I have the
five-one headphones or whatever it's very digital sounding it's like a lot of
like it's too loud almost like you're like I'm listening to it and at a
drive-in theater through one of those really shitty speakers is what it sounds
like well here's the thing they're talking to a lot of it starts to make
more sense as it goes on the way the storytelling is in this game again I'm
not gonna spoil the story itself but the way the storytelling is I draw a lot of
comparisons to the TV show lost or you kind of find things out slowly but
surely and then a lot is explained through flashbacks like the very opening
sequence of the game you're like oh this is just like Final Fantasy 7 people on a
fucking train all over again right but you find out the motivations and while
that happens through flashbacks that occur in the story so there's a lot of
similarities I think between like watching lost on TV but you know how
lost kind of divides people like some people are like I this this shows too
fucking slow for me they need to get to the fucking point already that's gonna
be what makes or breaks people if I'm has he 13 I think as well is that if
you're not willing to make that investment and kind of approach this is
like a miniseries or kind of you know something like lost like I don't see how
you could like a show like lost and then hate the way the story is in this game
because it takes fucking forever for things to happen in lost and it takes a
little while for things to happen in this game it's it's kind of the same I
want to speak really quickly about the battle system real quick okay Final
Fantasy and introduces this new thing called paradigm shifts and the easiest
fucking way I could explain it is that imagine you could flip your character
from a black white mage to a white mage right in the middle of battle that's
what the paradigm shifts are all about and it's a lot cooler than I think I'm
making it sound because like you know you might be doing a battle and you're
trying to chain things to get the monster to kind of slip into this mode
where it's easier to hit it and then all of a sudden you're like oh shit I'm low
on HP I better paradigm shift so I suddenly get a medic in my party and
also maybe somebody that casts barrier and all that shit to protect people and
then once everybody's cured up go back to assault yeah because you're really
fucking off you're really only controlling the first character in the
in each party so you're only controlling the party leader at the rest of them
you're kind of having to give like different jobs to and they basically do
it um going to our chat room at chat orange lounge radio.com Bo fuck you
which kawa says so it's fucking x2 it's a lot more fluid than x2 you know x2 had
those big big big animations with the dresh fears and everything it's a lot
quicker than that it's not so over the top like it was in x2 it feels a lot
more fluid I'm gonna say the battle system in 13 to me feels a little bit
more like an action game it takes active time battle to the next level it is like
fast paced it is very fucking and ever like you know much like the other final
fantasy games you know to get a preemptive strike or whatever is kind of
random whereas this you actually can sneak up on enemies because they have
like their own you know visual arc that they have their line of sight or
whatever and you can if you sneak up around them you can actually you know do
preemptive strikes that way and it works a little bit different to where you
don't necessarily do damage to them but it jumps that combo up so that you can
do more damage to them later on good good question really fucking great
question from yyr in chat says so does this mean you don't have to use any
strategy when choosing your party because you can swap at any time so far
and again granted I'm only five and a half hours in right now for those that
are playing the game I'm in a place called thing it's called the valley of
ruin is what it's called oh that's all I say I don't want to spoil stories or
whatever you don't have control over who's in your party people switch in and
out based on the story in fact there's a lot of these people are over here and
these people are over here these people are over here and their paths intersect
once in a while there's a lot of that going on early on in the game so you
don't really have a lot of control over your party. I think later on you'll be
able to control that more and also don't worry the way the XP works is very
similar to Ten's experience system where you're kind of moving around the board
spending points and... That was a little confusing too because I was trying to figure out
I was like trying because they're all yeah you pick the direction you want to
go and you hold this button down I'm like I want to go this way and it's
going the opposite direction I'm like no I want to go the other way it's all
right it makes it makes sense later on as you're using it it's very similar to
Ten's all your characters gain points when anyone in your party wins so it's
not like you're gonna have these obscenely under leveled characters
there are no levels for the characters there's there's no levels
there's no XP there's a but there you have kind of the Ten's system instead is
what you have in place of that there's no magic points which is a huge shift
there's something else they use instead of magic points but your characters are
gonna be flinging fire and arrow left and right with no consequence you have
to really think about that and there is um what else do I want to say there's no
magic and there's no oh and after every battle you're cured to full you don't
have to cure your party after battle you start heal everybody yeah it's a lot of
changes some people are not gonna like it but I say give it a chance I think
it's a lot of fucking fun and I'm five and a half hours in I am hooked hooked
hooked hooked I want to you guys know I have fucking gamer a DD really fucking
bad I'm always like ooh shiny I want to go play this fucking blur beta or I'm
gonna go play game room or something I will see this game out to completion I
will I know I will I think the story is actually pretty good yeah I like it but
if you really really hated the characters in seven you might hate these
guys too so just a word of caution because I see a lot of similarities and
I don't want to fall down the path of like the really nerdy you know gamer
that's you know virgin in his you know basement that's and stuff because we
know that's not really the truth of me fuck those stereotypes but here's what
I'm saying dude and I feel really wrong saying this but Vanille it's fucking hot
like it's like what the fuck 15 that is gross fucking pedophiles dream it's
seriously it's like it's like oh not to spoil anything where'd you get your
seal oh it's right here my upper thigh like oh come on yeah that was Alan and I
were both like just had that big reaction of oh I feel dirty oh oh god
that was dirty oh god what's up with her voice actor or actress I should say it's
just like got an accent and she's I don't even know what's wrong but it's
weird it's just seriously weird it's like oh the one thing and I'll wrap this
up because I know Jamie's like I want to talk about something else I was doing my
fucking laundry okay but well I just want to say this really quick one thing
that just blew me the fuck away when I was playing this game like seriously
it's the little things that count well two things a when you fucking load your
game after having taken an hour break or something you get a fucking explanation
of where you're at in the story so you can remember where the fuck you left off
which is great like just it's a lip it's little things that count also blew me
the fuck away you ready the lips are in sync with the English dialogue that's
right that it is not a really bad dub they did that with 10-2 though did they
I didn't play enough of 10-2 I watched some people also didn't really get in
mind that the ending cinemas actually a lot of the cinemas were re-synced to
also fit the English dialogue and the end sequence the little song that unit
gets up and sing was completely reanimated I was fucking blown away by
the like it's those little things that just made me go whoa and by the way
since it hasn't really been mentioned yet the game is fucking gorgeous it is a
beautiful beautiful game and I know I've seen those reports others say no the
360 version looks worse than the ps3 who cares play the fucking game I don't care
what system you get it on that we're getting the ps3 one and that's what I
got to but I was just I just knew the 360 was a port and I you know what I
just I wanted my achievement points did you go 360 yes I did I went 360 okay I
have is no no biggie as three discs and you know what though I mean honestly how
often am I gonna be shifting new discs around what whenever I get to that point
oh my god I have to put another disc in the machine I feel so old you'll be
amazed at how fucking much they probably squeezed onto one disc it it's just it's
a beautiful game it is so like I just blown away by some of the visuals and
like it's not all just like the industrial looks that you've seen in
the trailers and things it is a well fuck it was funny my friend you know
work he was like oh I don't know if this Final Fantasy is gonna be good or
whatever so we played you know I started playing the game and literally got five
minutes into it and it got that first action sequence that's in the train where
she's jumping off the fucking walls and shit he's like yeah this game's not
gonna be a problem nice all right enough about Final Fantasy 13 I'm sure we will
talk some fucking more about it next week and I will work the f-word more
into my dialogue I'm sorry I just want to have a serious conversation cuz that's
like one serious topic I know people been wondering about but isn't part of
this to prove that you can make a fucking serious point and sound fucking
intelligent you know I'm still saying fuck a little bit I still want to go
over the top with it all right well but well we did kind of go over the top at
first that's all right well I'm not going over the fucking top all right
enough enough fucking talk about fuck let's get on to some fucking gaming news
here we're gonna do some fucking housekeeping though real quick chat dot
orange lounge radio dot-com if you want to join in the chat also quickly here
quickly quickly I want to play a fucking voicemail from our good pal breast lol
about us l madness the fucking voting going on in our forums right now to
determine the best fucking game of all fucking time it's going on in our forums
right now here's an update from the one and only breast lol don't forget hey Rob
Jamie and Matt this is breast wall and I'm a bit under the weather as my voice
is clearly giving it away but I'm calling once again to promote us l
madness here on the orange lounge radio dot-com forums and we have four
matchups right now and the four games will be going to the final four we have
Mario 3 vs Ocarina of Time Final Fantasy 6 vs DVR Chrono Trigger vs Super
Metroid and length of the past vs Mega Man 2 four of those games go on to the
final four and it's up to you the listeners to decide who goes on we have
some set we have several over I guess of four we have like three of them they're
actually really close so I'm log on to our forums by the end of the night
tonight and get your votes in because Tuesday we will have the final four and
I think things will get interesting until then see you guys later take care
bye-bye someone get breast little fucking cough drop Jesus I wonder where
the word the term under the wet under the weather originated because if you're
feeling really great are you over the weather is on fucking Wikipedia or
something look it up for you are not playing the fucking unicorn game again
are you this week I fucking played the robot unicorn I actually I did download
the the anus game did I fucking play it yet didn't play any fucking anus oh you
know I play the pink anus before next because trust me once you get sucked
into fucking Final Fantasy 13 that's all you're gonna fucking play no but keep in
mind I am a student and I have my fucking midterm do which is designing
four sites and I have a I have to design four versions of a logo I've already
designed to use for brochure so I'm gonna be pretty busy well real fucking
who but we are going to see the movie this week I do want to see fucking Alice
in fucking Wonderland although I've heard it's kind of fucking mixed it's
fucking okay I have heard I have heard from someone who is a very big stickler
for Alice in Wonderland who said that she loved it no I was pissed the fuck
off though that they didn't have the Tron 2 trailer before it because we
didn't see the fucking 3d version well the 3d version was just not playing at
the right time and it's more expensive and I honestly don't think the fucking
3d was that good and you know Alice in Wonderland just based well you know what
I saw in the trailer by the way I neglected some of our chatters are
really fucking confused right now that we're suddenly talking about playing
the pink anus let me give some fucking background to that you first off listen
to last week's show it's all fucking explained there but there's a game on
Steam called what what the fuck is it secrets of the magic crystal and it's a
game that looks like you're breeding unicorns or some fucking bullshit but
one of the items that you're using if you look at the various screenshots one
of the items you use in your fucking horse breeding has these little pink
bars and they're called anus a en us so we officially have fucking called this
the pink anus game because it's funny and you get to say anus and you're not
being vulgar you're just talking about what's in a video game so there you
fucking go there's some explanation on what's going on all right um let's see
what other fucking housekeeping do I have fucking why aren't you fucking
following us on Twitter and Facebook and all that stuff twitter.com slash olr
we'll take your fucking Twitter questions later you know because it is
the show where every fucking gamer has a voice even when that voice is very vulgar
we also have our Facebook at orange lounge radio we have a myspace too but I
haven't logged in there for like fucking three months but I guess I should check
on that yeah I really should just go to the fucking website orange lounge radio
com it's great we got you know these two guys chase VX Jason XV and deep man
worked very fucking hard on the website by the way deep man speaking of the
website I need to fucking say this real quick fucking deep man posted a fucking
great little exposition on a game I don't know a fucking lot about but it's
Yakuza 3 I haven't really been fucking following this very closely because I
didn't really play Yakuza 1 or Yakuza 2 but I still found deep man's article
very fucking interesting because Sega made all these fucking localization
changes to Yakuza 3 that have people pissed off and I think deep man does a
very fucking good job of running it down and I'm also just kind of fucking
appreciative that there's like actual content on our website besides just the
show postings so I'm tipping my fucking hat to deep man right fucking now so
yeah and if you want to write stuff for our website get in touch with me you can
send me an email Rob at orange launch radio.com we're looking for opinions and
shit stuff that fits into the fucking every gamer has a voice thing so if
you're interested drop me an email we'll see what we can fucking do and go read
deep man's article it's pretty fucking great and deep man posted just for you
Jamie something on Digimon earlier I don't know if you fucking saw it yeah go
go orange launchradio.com I don't know if you can see. It's our own fucking website take a look. I've been busy Rob.
what else I want to say oh yes on orange launchradio.com on the left side
there's a little fucking box that is says I don't even remember what it says
but it's got all the links that's funny fucking loser tonight it's it's where it
has all that like the Twitter icon and the last FM and all the places you can
follow us and so forth extended play that's what it's fucking called
extended play just look at that box it's like all the communities were on and
check that out the link to the OLR PSP if you're on a PSP and you have not
visited OLR PSP.com you're fucking missing out. Where the fuck have you been? I know
exactly well I know we get new listeners every week so I haven't fucking updated
that in a long time. I'm very sorry by the way if we have new listeners tonight I know this is not
normal if this is your first fucking show you need to realize tonight is a
fucking protest we are exercising our first fucking amendment fucking rights
congratulations if you made it this far and keep in mind normally we are really
Rob will say that he will literally say quote the f-word end quote or f that
and why am I doing quote fingers you can't fucking see what I'm doing um it
makes great fucking radio bite my fucking ass please I said it nicely
please makes it nice please makes it very fucking nice but here's the other
thing to keep in mind is that I bet anything there's gonna be one of those
fucking like podcasts that reviews other podcasts or something or some fucking
asshole on his blogs and say listen the orange lounge radio and all they did was
say fuck cuz they're just stupid and can't think of anything else to say
you other podcasts that seems like again waste again we are protesting the
anti-cussing week that our government has seen fit to waste fucking money and
time voting upon when we are in the middle of what we've hit budget crisis
besides the sides are fucking going out on the freeway and getting like
threatening to get fucking run over by cars in protest of how bad the fees have
gone to universities and I mean I'm a student myself and even going to junior
college right now is fucking expensive and come on look at how bad the fucking
universities are if these students think that that's a good idea running around
on the freeway didn't they fucking learn that and like preschool here's the thing
I think we should have a 60 star loving what I need the ol army and the people
that get it tonight you fucking cool kids that are understanding the show
tonight if you see this shit out there on the internet somewhere fucking tear
them a new asshole because honestly fucking independent people should be
supporting each other not tearing each other down I don't fucking talk bad
about independent podcast open fucking season on those that get paid to do it
in the core podcast though I will I will rip them apart but indie podcasts need
to fucking help each other out and if I may make my own statement about that and
this goes even on an individual basis usually when someone puts down somebody
else without giving any constructive feedback it's because they are having
issues with themselves low fucking self-esteem leads to bitchiness sorry
haven't you noticed that usually the people who are the loudest or certain
people who are um anti-gay I was just fucking that that happened in our
backyard at main national news right huge fucking anti-gay Republican no no
I shouldn't there are some cool Republicans believe it or not it's just
the wrong fucking people are in control of that party right now like Meghan
McCain I'm down with her she is a cool Republican but yeah idiots like this guy
who fucking voted you know yes on a and then fucking has all this legislation
it's fucking anti-gay gets caught at faces a gay bar the Jamie and I have
fucking gone to this place makes gay look straight I've been there coming
back from fucking faces with another guy in his car I mean anyway sorry we need
to go back and do karaoke at faces that would be a lot of fun I actually I
actually though did have another point with this is that you know it's not
really just the budget crisis that haven't we hit what is it somewhere
between 14 and 17 percent statewide unemployment so people there's no fucking
jobs out there yet instead of doing things you know to help people get jobs
to create new programs they're wasting their time and effort on safeguarding
morality which is an individual choice so to our government right now fuck you
in your ear because your ass is not good enough come some quick fucking comments
from chat hardcore 77 once note says both Republicans and Democrats are
corrupt I fucking agree with that honestly because the budget crisis we
have in the state right now it's everybody's fucking fault no I totally
agree you know I think part of the problem I got hate going back to the
political topic sorry it needs to be said it needs to be said the part of the
problem is that we are so stuck in this bipartisan you know system I mean I'm
sure if you ask anybody it's even on public sites to say America has a
two-party system that's a fucking lie we do have independent political parties
it's just the Democrats and the Republicans are the ones with the money
to spend on it and the independence fall to the wayside you know it's the only
that is the reason why I wish that Perot had won I'm saying that is I get for
what for what he fucking stood for I get it I get for what he would do for the
I think morale I'd pick but okay he's the one I would have picked but I'm
saying that as an independent who came to me exactly you know four years vote
him out you know at least you know business won't be fucked up he's a
businessman but I'm saying that I would like to see the wall shattered I'd see
people break out of their little voting strict Republican because oh they're
Republican I want people to this is why I get an absentee balance every ballot
ballot every fucking year because I go through my ballot item by item look up
each of the people in the comfort of my home without having to waste time at the
booth or anything without people breathing down my neck and see who
everyone is and vote for somebody with a well-informed choice so I'm just saying
Oh full ticket okay I got I'm sorry that's okay it's a we fucking say
things that aren't fucking I mean this whole show tonight is not fucking
necessarily about video games but um where was I at also Oh liquid parrot in
chat I had a really fucking good comment what podcast is talking trash about my
beloved olr no one is yet it's just that I'm on Google alerts because I'm fucking
narcissistic right and I want to see everybody who's talking about orange
lounge radio no I don't I don't consider that narcissistic I just consider that
running a good business you want to know what's being said about you on the
internet and sometimes I'll see these fucking blogs from people writing their
individual blogs like podcasts I subscribe to and I unsubscribed from
orange lounge radio this week because I find them very annoying and the girl
talks too much and and the guy is too gay and the other guy is too angry and
blah blah like just shut the fuck up talk about a podcast you do like it
nobody reads your fucking blog because you're so fucking negative that's the
thing anyhow but as far as far as I know the other podcasts are cool if somebody
is talking about us I don't know yet but if I find out it's fucking on all right
anyhow how about 45 minutes in the show and now some fucking gaming news right
Loki all right let's get into this um so there's this bug that fucking popped up
last week we thought it was you know maybe someone hacking the fucking
PlayStation Network or something like that which that still begs the question
what the hell was that web page then that said you know hey turn off your
turn on your fucking Java and your whatever so I don't know what that was
but anyways this was completely unrelated all apparently the most of the
fat PlayStation threes the old style ones had trouble connecting to the
PlayStation Network due to a bug in one of the arm chips and apparently this was
caused by the PlayStation 3 thinking apparently that it was a leap year when
it wasn't and it became unsinked and so because of this you know date time you
know desynchronization it was unable to connect to the PlayStation Network as a
like a precaution the safety precaution or something anyways within you know a
little amount of time it was actually fixed basically the only advice they
fucking gave was don't turn your system on because you know you may lose your
trophies and you know you're some games you may not work in blah blah blah my
favorite was how when it was all fucking over they were like we fucking fixed it
it's okay to turn on your fucking PlayStations now and they didn't do a
goddamn thing they just waited it out that's all they did they didn't fucking
fix it they just it was it was a bug in the date and as soon as the date changed
all better so some somebody fucked up and thought 2010 was a leap year and
somehow that made it in the old fucking PlayStation here's here's my fucking
problem with that is apparently the those chips were actually the same chips
that were in the zooms and you may not remember the end of 2008 I think when a
switched over the end of the year they like fucking New Year's yeah it was like
New Year's and all the students stopped working because of the arm CPU chip and
apparently there's a date bug in that too and oh guess what the same chip was
actually inside you know the PlayStation 3 all along and it was a known problem
but they just kind of we forgot all about it you have fuck soon I don't
didn't well I don't have one anymore times get tough but yes I mean you know
you don't really want your whatever to stop working all of a sudden because oh
we didn't realize there's a bug in here and that's a problem I don't know and it
doesn't look good when your console stop fucking working the only advice they can
give you is don't play guess what Sony I was already not doing that or doing that
whatever I know don't play your ps3 for a day okay I can fucking do that that's
very easy so um what the what the fuck else is I gonna say about this oh here's
the thing yes Sony is is wearing a lot of fucking egg on their face for this
colossal fuck up and you know a lot of people are razzing them this week and
rightfully so but honestly is the red ring of death any fucking better I'd
rather have all the ps3s go down for a day and have it be all you know hunky
dory afterwards and have all the 360s go down permanently but but I will say this
it does kind of show that it's kind of fucked up that when something like this
happens I can't fucking play heavy rain or some of the other games that connect
to the network their needs it's very reminiscent of that very controversial
Ubisoft DRM that I know we're going to get into later in the show but it just
fucking strikes me as like a little hint of that and I do not like that do not
fucking want so there's a piece of me that's like Sony doesn't need to fucking
fix the date issue Sony needs to fucking fix the I can't play my games online if
something is broken on their end issue that's the fucking problem well here's
the other fucking thing that it's really bad is since they didn't really do
anything I mean is this actually gonna get passed out or like four years from
now are we gonna run in the same fucking problem again I will forget about it
it's okay oh yeah you remember that one time that all those ps3s went fucking
down yeah it's gonna happen again cuz it's not a leap year but try telling
that to the PlayStation it makes whatever year it wants fucking leap so
well is there a fucking possibility this is gonna happen in the future I don't
think it will be because they'll be probably patched out let's put it
something to ignore it all right in other fucking Sony news we have news
about their fucking motion controller that's been kind of quiet ever since the
last e3 but I'm assuming that it's because they're gonna have some fucking
new news this year at e3 but the term PlayStation arc has been fucking
trademarked in Japan so you know we were calling the fucking ice cream cones that
light up as you wave them around like a freak apparently is gonna be called the
PlayStation arc which is not like these fucking new news because you know they
might remember there was a story earlier in the year where this fucking guy I
think at THQ had said the name earlier anyway so PlayStation arc sounds like
it's gonna be the fucking name but we'll see now also to kind of take that a step
further apparently Konami has a trademarked a game name and it's called
Gradius arc you know what I this is you know just me thinking out of my ass but
um you know what I think arc could stand for
augmentive reality controller oh look at you look at me my fucking acronyms yeah
yeah I mean there's only unintelligent people swear I like that I think you're
right I think fucking arc is an acronym for something I think that's a very
fucking realistic because all the stuff that they were showing in like their
demos were augmented reality demos either that or it's gonna be specific
for all arc the lad games I somehow really fucking doubt that or you'll
build a stick two of each animal into that controller shut up it will be the
controller how the fuck will that work playing fucking Gradius with a motion
controller do you fucking just flail around to move your fucking ship all
around and then pew pew pew with your button like I don't fucking understand
that how does how is Gradius gonna incorporate motion control that makes no
sense oh by the way Becky just alerted me to something what's that that um cuss
free week did not pass the Senate no it was it was on the news and everything
oh I'll see if I can get her to send me a link maybe there's more well still
still it doesn't matter because it doesn't matter the fucking point still
stands whether it passed or not because they wasted their fucking time actually
voting on this it's even worse if it didn't fucking pass because they wasted
all the fucking time for fucking nothing so fuck them yeah any attack on my free
I don't know how you would fucking play Gradius though with a motion controller
the only thing I could think of is that maybe you control the options that way
or something I don't know me I flail around and knock the ships out of the
way it sounds dumb well name but the thing sounds dumb they also passed they
did pass California acupuncture day what the fuck I am not even gonna try to
dignify that one let's move on to another fucking news story dark Sakura
what the fuck you have for us well I have something and I actually just
posted pictures up on our fucking website there are ESRB listings for ps3
and PSP games there is alpha mission 2 baseball stars professional league
bowling and super sidekicks which are all neogeo titles to pop up on the PSN
so maybe we would see them and you know as soon as I saw the little capture
caption on the on destructoid I had to go grab my game and take a picture that
is a big fucking box for a video game it is god bless those games fucking stars
oh and by the way paid 48 bucks for it yikes yeah but keep in mind how much we
paid for fucking king of fighters 2000 that's true weren't those fucking games
like fucking $200 and they first we paid 350 for it but at the time all the
others were the other sites were selling it for about 400 so we got a really good
fucking deal on it all right yeah um some some fucking clarifications in our
chat room because of course they the chat room gets all sicked on it and
everything it did fucking pass the assembly but it was rejected in the
Senate is there like a high crisis my point still stands it was a waste of
fucking time no matter what happened and that this was even allowed to get
somewhere and that people are fucking listening to this guy and you know what
they stand for and everything so point still stands and besides you all have
been one in the fucking fuck show for like a year and a half this is a good
fucking reason the jokes been running for like a year and a half so now is as
good of a time as any all right Loki yes so apparently there's been a whole lot
of drama going on with Activision this week earlier this week Activision had I
guess let go the two the two leads over at infinity Ward
Vince Zappanella and Jason West and these two studio heads just all the
sudden aren't working there anymore and now more and more information you know
kind of came out about that and apparently it was according to a bunch
of lawsuits here because now they're filing lawsuits against Activision for
unpaid royalties apparently these guys you know they did all their hard work on
modern warfare 2 or whatever and Activision wanted them you know they're
kind of strong arming them into making you know the next modern warfare game or
whatever next you know war game take place in Vietnam and whatever the case
may be but to get out of paying them royalties they decided to go ahead and
let them go and so it's kind of interesting now of course they their
comments on it we were shocked by Activision's decision to terminate our
contracts we poured our heart and soul into that company building not only a
world-class development studio but assembling a team we've been proud to
work with for nearly a decade we think that the work we've done speaks for
itself and it says after all um all we have given Activision we shouldn't have
to sue to get paid and of course Activision you know responding to their
lawsuit they say that they're disappointed in the lawsuit and that
it's meritless says Activision is disappointed that mr. as Zamper Ella and
mr. West have chosen to file a lawsuit with and believes their claims are
meritless over eight years Activision shareholders provided these executives
with their capital they needed to start in Finney Ward so basically they say hey
we made you now we can break you as well as financial support resources and
creative independence that helped them flourish and achieve enormous
professional success and personal yes because if they didn't give them money
I'm sure that they couldn't create these wonderful games is what they're saying
you know granted that studios do need you know money to get going but I think
it's just a creative talent behind it that creates the games anyways I
continues in return Activision legitimately expected them to honor
their obligations to Activision just like any other executives who hold
positions and trust in the company while the company showed enormous patience it
firmly believes its decision was justified based on the courses of
conduct and act actions basically long story short they were unhappy with what
was going on with Activision and so they were the rumor is that they were kind of
shopping around elsewhere not the only ones that are kind of had their fucking
fill of Activision and that's for sure can I read this quick comment from chat
from odd fuck again the opinions in our chat room are not necessarily those of
us here on the show but here's odd fuck in our chat room Bobby Kotek needs to
die in a fucking fire with fucking fire ants on his face while everyone fucking
pisses on him might be a little bit extreme but but isn't tonight all about
extremes um here's the thing though I I kind of fucking believe this guy's days
this guy's days are numbered Activision has such a fucking bad rap right now
there has been just like this one two three four punch you have the fucking
king's quest game gets shut down you have the fucking all these subsidies of
Activision getting shut down all the stuff that's fucking going on now with
you know their biggest selling game I mean the Bobby Kotek is looks like a
fucking buffoon right now like if I were a shareholder I would be demanding some
fucking answers and calling for some fucking you know I I just think it's
they look stupid and unfortunately you know if infinity what it would comes
down to is if infinity ward ends up you know dissolving or whatever me though
let's move on to because they were before they were behind Medal of Honor
and stuff they were working on that series and they left to go form you know
this new company basically to you know create the Call of Duty series and the
Call of Duty series has been really awesome but you know if they're gonna be
treated like dicks I mean come on Activision's been so awful now that
they're making EA look fucking awesome I want to address some fucking good points
in chat shadow fucking runner says Robert they still making money and why
oh I are says Rob it doesn't matter people are still buying their products
in droves the shareholders demands results well hold on guys because all
this fucking stuff has come out like literally within the past couple weeks
and although we've kind of known Activision's I'm going down a shady
path for a while this whole one-two punch I'm talking about is just in the
past couple weeks so you're gonna I don't mean he's gonna fucking get you
know pulled from the board tomorrow but wait about six months to a year wait a
little while and see when that next modern warfare games comes out if it's
not fucking up to par it's over if guitar hero sucks it's over they're done
guitar hero is done for if the next fucking game sucks you know what I mean
wait for kind of you kind of have to wait to see how this all plays out but
if some of these decisions lead to really bad things the holiday season
just look it will have a you how they treat their franchises I mean Call of
Duty they're putting out new ones every year I mean they're basically the whole
reason they even you know take on you know brutal legend that kind of stuff
and Ghostbusters well we can't figure out a way to pump out a new game every
year in this franchise so we're just not gonna take it and then same with guitar
hero I mean look how they're treating like download content stuff very little
each month and look at DJ here what Wow two download packs thanks thanks a lot
way to support it I will fucking say this though you do have a fucking point
that it's about the money they can do all the fucking dickhead things they
want in the world in the end it's about the money but my little but with that is
or my big but depending on whatever you want to look at it as don't
underestimate the the gamers and the kind of the impact that all that
negative press on all the blogs and shit can have I could be wrong and that's
fucking fine I think it's gonna come down unfortunately it's gonna fucking be
just like you know the protests or whatever what Call of Duty you know how
they're saying oh we're protesting this game we're not gonna fucking buy it yeah
and sure enough everyone's buying it you know or you know the Left 4 Dead thing
of course that's a different company but still you know remember fucking the
Left 4 Dead fucking thing on Steam that all the fucking people were playing
Left 4 Dead 2 where they got the screenshot yeah same same story so if
you really fucking mean it if you're really fucking you pissed off that these
guys got fired for all their hard work then you need to stop fucking buying the
games just stop don't buy the next Call of Duty game it's not gonna be an
infinity Ward game anyways I mean that's if you want to wait the way you want to
look at it I mean look at they're gonna put Treyarch and you know charge of it
and unfortunately Treyarch is just not as good as Infinity Ward I mean people
even know that I just I don't know just you know vote with your money all right
let's talk about some fucking titties how's that sound perk there's there's
one thing better than freedom of speech it's nudity and there's some titties to
be found in fucking heavy rain here's the deal I won't try to spoil the story
too bad but there is a love scene that happens at one point in the game you
know should be fucking obvious if you've seen some of the previous of the game
that it kind of pushed the envelope so there's a love scene now if you decline
the kiss and trigger the sequence anyway and reload your saved game right away
then you'll have the female lead running around titties flapping around
everything is all just hanging out so there you go you can run around and play
naked now of course the naked model was not made in the game to be run around
and play naked well but there's a shower scene that happens in the in the oh I saw
this what's interesting here here's the fucking part I think is interesting
though is that you know since everybody gets all fucking bent out of shape
because a nudity specifically the ESRB is this game gonna go back to the board
for an AO rating isn't this the same fucking thing that happened in oblivion
for the PC version ended up getting pulled and fucking rated AO because even
though you weren't supposed to be able to ever see the titties the titties were
there because they fucking would use them to base like a sheer top on I think
though that it's still okay because you actually do see that model in the game
it's just now that you're using that model for more than just that one scene
but isn't I mean for whatever reason I think it's fucking stupid but the the
fucks out there the rate things are like there's a big difference between a butt
and a pussy yeah but if they didn't all that is is 100 here's the thing if they
didn't if that model wasn't in the game if it was just like you know she's
behind a shower curtain or something like that and they're just using that
model or whatever for like a silhouette or something that's different but you
actually use this model in the game for one of the scenes you actually see her
completely naked so it's just if they're gonna you know are you anything it's
gonna be fucking duration why didn't they just do like the Sims pixel thing
watch I miss fucking cleo right here watch next week on the fucking show
there's gonna be a story about some mother filing a fucking lawsuit against
because they fucking found this in the game because their kid read about this
on the internet on one of the gaming blogs so they fucking go in and unlock
the character and suddenly mom walks in and there's some fucking titties on the
screen and she fucking loses her shit not knowing that that's the game she
bought for her kid and there's a fucking lawsuit next week's show that'll be a
story if not next week two weeks but the bodies in the game already it would be
just the same badge and everything it would be just the same is if they he
didn't there's a lot or whatever and um you know nope no if they didn't do the
mod or whatever and just the shower scene it would be exactly the same I
hope you're right that there's no basis but I don't know her boobs don't move
like real boobs I have a feeling well I don't think you were ever supposed to be
able to just fucking walk her around and shit like that yeah uncanny valley my
ass I'm sorry that doesn't all look real we need some real looking titties we
need to we need team ninja to fix this yeah yeah range of motion in the face
but where is the range of motion in the fucking titties not rare dark soccer has
got a fucking new story for us then we'll get into some fucking release
dates yes fucking story happy fucking birthday PlayStation 2 dude I totally
want someone to make me a ps2 cake that'd be cool anyway um yeah ten years
ago ps2 launched in Japan yay um I have a Japanese ps2 me too I have the first
model one and it still works I bought mine I don't even know if mine still
fucking works I haven't touched it in years I bought it a little ways later I
bought it for beat me in a 2d x6 style because I was fucking addicted to 2d x
I think that's what we got ours for too and that and playing some of some of the
the few JRPGs that I had some of the fucking cool kids in town they had their
ps2 is for third and fourth style I didn't get on that train till about six
thousand and first they can beat me in a game the big thing that gets me on this
one is that there actually are people that still use their ps2 there's still
ps2 games being released so we're looking at a ten-year-old system it's
not funny that people never fucking believe that the PlayStation 3 has a
ten-year life cycle and people go that's too fucking long look at the ps2 it is
still fucking going after ten years yep yeah so a ten-year life cycle is very
valid at the end of its life cycle but yes it's so it needs to be put down you
know so a happy fucking birthday PlayStation 2 just just really fucking
quick just kind of reminiscing a minute here what would you guys say were some
of the important PlayStation 2 moments for you that like had an impact on
gaming for you you know like as a Final Fantasy fanboy I think playing fucking
Final Fantasy 10 for the first time was a huge moment for me I know about you
guys what was like a huge moment in PlayStation gaming for you I bet I bet I
know Loki's Grand Theft Auto 3 that was good but driver 3 it introduced me to
the lowest of the low the guy game ps2 for me fucking beat me into DX sorry
when I got my I remember the day I beat everything on light 7 and fifth style I
freaking called everybody and posted on my life journal I passed Regulus I hate
Regulus I passed no wasn't Regulus it was a what was the light 7 version of
Regulus I I something into the lighter right in the light but no the the really
fucking hard songs I think were sink and Regulus yeah I don't remember you know
how many fucking years ago that was that's older in this show okay well I've
got a now this is gonna bother me but I just the day that I beat everything in
light 7 although I still haven't done it in fourth style because of no I did beat
that I beat everything in fourth cells it was third style I didn't because I
couldn't beat um the Safari the Safari yeah but still it was like that was my
squeal I love the ps2 moment I DJ synthetic fucking Koneko in our chat room
says silent fucking hello my fucking god yeah yeah yeah silent hill 3 oh I fuck
deaf says I got my ps2 for DDR and Kingdom Hearts yeah Kingdom Hearts is
pretty fucking epic that's for sure lots of good comments in our chat room
chat on orange on twitter.com yyr says boo ps2 boo I still dislike you because
those of all the people who didn't buy or develop for the Dreamcast because
they were waiting for you fucking Charan says play shadow of the
fucking Colossus that was a pretty epic game too very fucking epic all right
well happy fucking birthday ps2 and for those of you still playing the ps2 you
might want to think about upgrading although I will say I do hope that the
fucking backwards compatibility comes to the PlayStation 3 at some point and I
know this is a big fucking wrap around I don't want to dread dirt mine has it I
know some of the old-ass systems do but by the time those systems break they're
gonna want to put out on the fucking marketplace ps2 games for download we
all know it's coming it's just a matter of when but the reason why I said put
out the reason why I somewhat welcome it I'm a little iffy on it I want to go
back and play Final Fantasy 12 again without having to hook up my ps2 you
want to know how many times I guess I would pay $20 to know how many
PlayStation 2 games I've played in my ps3 that's fully backwards compatible
zero zero I thought oh yeah I'm going to go back and play some grand theft auto
Sandrais nope we played a few I don't remember what we have you actually Rob
um crap what game was it you said oh you know it reminded me of a game that a
franchise that I wish they'd bring back jumping flash could you imagine a ps3
jumping flash that'd be fucking crack that would be epic you know what else
I've I played a lot of games on my xbox 360 backwards compatibility as well a
whopping zero none and you know why because I have an Xbox 360 I'm buying
new games for it why do I need to go to a few times and no we also use it for a
few games you're so fucking now I tell you what though I did use my ps2 my ps2
a lot for ps1 games from mostly for my Japanese one to play my import so I
didn't have to I might want to go get out of the Colossus again I play ps1
games on my ps3 but mostly the PSP like I played what was that one game of the
guy with a big fro that we were playing at all games lounge on ps1 on ps1 but it
was playing on a ps3 I don't remember that game was cracked out but I now I
can't remember the name of it I don't remember that was a long fucking time
ago you really tested my fucking memory on the show God hand might be good I
didn't play that one either how about some fucking release dates let's travel
the globe and check out some release dates I'm sure there's something fucking
coming out this week something something's finally coming out it'd be
fantastic 13 no yeah finally 13 is coming out this week on PlayStation 3 and
Xbox 360 finally you know what how many years we've been waiting for that thing
uh funny enough is Final Fantasy 14 is coming out this year too Wow
it's a sign of the apocalypse maybe two Final Fantasy games in a year possibly
three I don't know um okay so other stuff coming out 50 classic games on the
DS well I'm thinking that there's games in there somewhere
Resident Evil 5 gold edition it's Resident Evil 5 but better with more
stuff yay and slightly cheaper Sam max 2 beyond time and space coming out as a
compilation on PC and we case you didn't buy them all separately calling on the
Nintendo Wii which shares cover almost with final not Final Fantasy with
obsessed much are we yes Final Fantasy Final Fantasy no um now it shares a box
art with almost Silent Hill and it looks Silent Hill ish maybe but it's not
photo showdown for the DSI it's right DSI not DS it's a game sort of like
monster rancher except you use the pictures that you take with your DSI
camera and based on the colors that are in there it creates different monsters
not quite as cool as you know putting random CDs in your PlayStation 2 or
barcode scanner or the barcode scanner yes that's true we need to bring back
barcode scanners Assassin's Creed 2 on PC this week wait a second I'm confused
it's not supposed to be out yet right yeah people are complaining about not
being able to play it I'm thinking that that dates wrong it must be out on steam
or something you know the box versions coming out this week also racket sports
coming out on the Wii it's Ubisoft's answer to Wii sports and it features all
different games you can play with rackets and they also have support for
the stupid camera that came with you self fitness because you know all those
games that use cameras for motion capture have been so awesome so far
granted the tall and you know the arc might be good but so far they sucked
yeah they're in game for girls it's a girly game where you play a little girl
minigames yay fun like pillow fights and braiding each other's hair something like
that count me out Yakuza 3 coming out on PlayStation 3 and this of course is a
game that's getting lots of controversy for stuff that they've localized and
removed apparently people like their Japanese trivia and bar hostesses and
then of course later on this week blaze blue calamity trigger coming to PSP
that's gonna be pretty awesome on PC Warhammer 40k dawn of war 2 the gold
edition kind of a re-release compilation of those games and then also the new
expansion will be coming out for that dawn of war 2 chaos rising if you want
some real-time strategy on your 360 coming from a Square Enix supreme
commander 2 will be making its way out in 360 on the DS spectral force Genesis
finally coming out and about a week from today we get our pokey man's with
Pokemon soul silver and Pokemon heart gold each coming with a stupid pedometer
because guess what Nintendo watching the fucking exercise including Pokemon
trainers that's it all right it's a pretty fucking busy week in Japan which
is good because they've had a lot of slow weeks lately so a lot of fucking
releases for you guys a lot of fucking price drops on the 360 in Japan blaz
blue dream club dead rise blaze blue not blaz blue I always say lazy there where
is the fucking II where doesn't need one it's stylistic blaze blue it's
marketing fine then fucking spell the game name right in the future I blaze
blue dead rising dream club Halo Wars lost planet colonies odomedius gorgeous
all of those fucking games getting price drops in Japan this week on the 360 some
new games coming out as well including red seeds profile which is kind of looks
like a silent hillish kind of game it takes place in a remote village but this
time in Canada it's supposed to be like 150 people there and then they find a
body and it's about the killer in the rain data done you're an FBI agent so I
don't know if it's like their answer to heavy rain or web it kind of just looks
like one of those like scary thriller type of games so that is on 360 this
week and then another game called Akatsuki no I'm Anika toe out sorry toe
I kaijin comes out this week as well it's one of those like cute girl comedy
type games it's not like a dating sim but it's just kind of like one of those
like adventure games with you know cute little anime girls and bikinis and all
that stuff so yeah super fan service there on the 360 probably won't come out
to America so there's a super fan service super fan service on the
PlayStation 3 this week blaze blue all thank you price reduction there as well
as initial D extreme stage Red Seats profile makes its way out as well in
Japan and battlefield bad company too also comes out in Japan all I mean you
have to wage battle with the band bad company couldn't tell you Nintendo Wii
gets one game this week but for you music game fans it's a big one
Taiko no Tatsujin Wii comes out this week on the Nintendo Wii PlayStation 2
that's right there's still releases on ps2 Jamie said so and there's a new game
coming out in Japan this week summon Knight Grand Thesis Horobi no Ken to
yaku suku no Kishi fuck they have some long names for games out there it's an
RPG game on the PlayStation 2 again looks very anime heavy influenced
multi-hit combos though and some of the sequences some really kind of pretty
looking DVD ish style cutscenes and a very anime style looks like although
it's RPG it might be a little bit action-based in its battles there you
know they need to have more games with the word grand thesis in the title what
the fuck ever all right let's see other games coming out this week I'm checking
the fucking handhelds real quick Sony PSP gets battle spirits hero soul shin
sangoku musu multi-ray to zetai hero kaizo kekyaku all of those fucking games
are out in Japan this week also out this week I have judgment legends not Japan
though but that's in Asia those are all in the fucking Sony PSP and I just need
to fucking remind everybody that is not part of the deal because the game makes
sense on a PSP because there's no camera peripheral all right and on the Nintendo
DS one really big game this week fucking worth noting RPG sukuru ds it's an RPG
maker game on the Nintendo DS so you know a lot of folks I know really you're
into those games that's kind of cool well unfortunately it's very Japanese
heavy so you're gonna have to I know your Japanese if you want to fucking
play this game or you're gonna need to bake somebody to localize it enter brain
is putting it out in Japan I don't know I don't think I know that company over
here by the way although it's technically next week I should point out
the DS releases are thinning out a little bit because next week is Pokemon
heart gold and soul silver are on their way on the Nintendo DS we know everybody
fucking loves Pokemon so there you go that's it for Japan Dark Sakura what the
fuck for UK oh if you fucking odds and ends Final Fantasy 13 on the 9th on the
10th scrap metal for Xbox 360 12th is Benton alien force viljaks attacks what
the fuck is that last rebellion Warhammer 40k dawn of war 2 chaos rising
boo Warhammer okay you know what my problem with Warhammer is and Yakuza 3
that's all that there is all right some more fucking news than the classic game
of the week everybody fucking loves the classic game of the week and I'm sure
Dark Sakura picked a pretty fucking good one this week she usually does but just
a few more stories before we get there I know you could all use a break to wash
your mouths out with soap there's been some interesting fucking updates to the
game portal this week they had a couple updates did you see the cover of Game
Informer yes it did hmm jumping ahead of me here that's right so the first update
that was out there was a patch that added some more radio dialogue I guess
and there was some different messages that were in Morse code also some
encoded messages with the numbers and equations in them and this was all part
of like the radio that you would hear you know every now and then I think it
was also in the room that you started off in and it was all kind of hinting
different things now the people that looked at those images or whatever that
was in the little radio messages it's kind of funny they actually found a
phone number for a BBS you know those old things prior to the internet fucking
loved BBS's do yes you can't fucking trade wars 2002 what or was it 2020 I
don't remember but you know all those fucking games were amazing but I should
have the red fucking dragon enough said and then on of course those BBS's they
found you know ASCII art featuring some stuff looks like different robots and
whatever from possibly portal to very interesting looking some apparently this
is going to be some sort of ARG type of thing so that'll be kind of neat and
then I just realized not all our chatters know what a BBS is God I feel
old I'm really fucking sorry for not explaining it but BBS's ok back before
there was the internet or if you want to get technical the internet existed them
but it was only for fucking government people and stuff so back when like I was
in fucking high school and probably about the time with the board system
is you would have to dial in with a modem some guy would fucking hosted on
their computer or gal and you would dial in on your modem and connect to it and
then it was kind of like it had forums and a lot of the stuff that you kind of
see in a new forum on the internet today but you know is a very community type of
thing you didn't usually talk to people because you know people didn't want to
call long distance and run up their phone bill so it's a very local thing
usually yeah like I mean back in the day we have this free publication that was
around called California computer news I fucking remember that man BBS's in the
back BBS was seen in the back yeah you can you dial up I mean this is back in
the day was ZZT and I download ZZT and I mean this is back also in the day when
you know they had shareware which is you know kind of like you will take you 45
minutes to download the fucking Wolfenstein 3d like a demo you know for
a game not really even a demo for game but it'd be like the first episode for a
game would be like about five bucks or whatever you would go you know buy a
floppy disk from you know whatever retailer and you would have the first
it'd be a full game but it wouldn't be like the full full game you'd actually
go buy a new retail game but give you a really good idea what the game is like
and you could go on these servers and sometimes they would host the full
version of the game and you could download it for free or like you know I
would download you know back before mp3s you know mod files and stuff like that
you know different electronica you synthesize Amiga music files and stuff
like that so they would have you all sorts of stuff and I remember actually
the first time that there was mp3s I was like holy shit was an mp3 so that's kind
of cool but yeah back in the day you used to go in there and you could
sometimes it also have it where you could host like you know multiplayer
doom games online stuff like that I remember that into online this was you
know back in the day with you this was all that we had it was not the internet
it was like which bbs can you get into and you know what cool files that they
have on there and you know I had to download them in the Y protocol or the
Z protocol X protocol yeah most people don't know the hell I'm talking about
as ways you download stuff it wasn't as easy as click a file and it downloads
speaking of mod files because I apparently perked some years up in chat
there was an epic fucking gauntlet theme mod that was out there on the internet
was like one of my favorite mod files ever it was the music files I don't know
what mod stand for music something something but I believe it was want to
see what mode tracks it was Commodore based but you know the PC had a lot of
support for it too they had like s3m which is like scream tracker there
basically it's it's tracker things like it was like MIDI where the MIDI you
trigger your different instruments that are hard coded into your graphics you're
not graphics or your sound card well mods what they were is it was basically
different sample files like WAV files that you put in there and it was
triggered like MIDI was so you would have like new people could record their
voice record like actual guitars and stuff like that and it would be
triggered and you could create new electrical music or electronic music
with that alright anything else you want to say about portal before we go to the
next anyways yeah so they get back in the portal yeah there's some pretty cool
stuff coming out they also added an extended ending to portal which kind of
made it creepy you may remember if you finish the game a lot of people have you
end up kind of at outside while you know the whole lab kind of falls out of the
sky because it exploded well this extra ending that they've added 15 seconds
it's all thank you for you know you know thank you for going into like was at the
escort posture whatever escort position yeah the further your party yes well yes
escort party position or something like that and you you're getting like dragged
away by your head it's kind of crazy very creepy but like all hinting towards
portal to which they already did announce that there's gonna be a portal
to I believe and if they haven't well well there's big fucking done of course
portal to me it was the best fucking game that came out that year you know
yes of course is gonna be one and of course it was already confirmed by Game
Informer their cover is actually portal to and it shows kind of looks like
after science was just like all these vines and stuff growing from the outside
you kind of in through portals and stuff like that what's going to be kind of
unique about it the game will be coming out on a PlayStation or not PlayStation
PC Xbox 360 and Mac platforms and it will be two-player co-op and it's gonna
have it's gonna be a lot of fun interesting looking things in there so
nice right if you want to learn more about that of course check out the
latest game for one other first-person shooter news if you still can't fucking
tear yourself away from Halo 2 you know how much time left it's still coming
April 15th sorry guys your attempts to try and fucking change their mind
haven't worked because they are shutting it down April 15th but Microsoft is
being really fucking nice and extending an olive branch to those of you clinging
to Halo 2 if you are still clinging to Halo 2 you might want to check your
inbox because Microsoft might have offered you a beta test for Halo reach
three months of Xbox Live Gold and 400 Microsoft points now if you think oh
shit I should run online and play Halo 2 real quick sorry you're probably not
going to get it now they probably did it for people that had played you know X
number of hours in the past month but still kind of pretty fucking cool
Microsoft to do I suppose it's better than what they're required to do which
is nothing so I'm sure there's a lot of people that are going to be fucking
happy that they can get some bonuses there if they're not too fucking pissed
off about Halo 2 going away so there you go what would be really fucking nice of
Microsoft to do would be to just say you know if you want to run your own private
servers here you go but I guess you can't really do that on the Xbox 360 and
Halo 2 is not going away on the PC something to remember so if you really
want to cling cling to your halo 2 for dear life remember you can't always play
on the PC speaking of clinging to things for dear life dark Sakura every week
likes to jump into the fucking vault and pull out some really fucking old and
moldy game that she says you know what you should be playing this game this
week so it's the classic fucking game of the week dark Sakura what game did you
pick this week for the kids I picked fucking Contra I haven't done it yet
figured why the fuck not in Europe it was called Gris or and it was put up by
Konami it was originally on the arcade and came out for the NES which for the
PAL region came out as probotector excuse me I burped on the mic um and it
also came out for the MSX 2 and they're a bunch of sequels because I mean who
doesn't remember Super C right um so basically you were these guys called
Bill and Lance who work for a red falcon and are trying to stop an alien invasion
and Bill and Lance like to run around with those shirts on and carrying big
guns they wear vests Rob that's not the game and and head and we're headbands
they do I can't help it if it's not about fucking um so yeah you can get a
bunch of different um guns you get a machine gun laser gun a fire gun a
spread gun rapid firepower up all kinds of different fun stuff and then you also
besides having the typical side scrolling levels you also have a behind
the back sort of 3d maze level where you have to go in a certain order and shoot
go through the bases defenses and get to the end and it's really fucking hard I
mean seriously it's hard if you don't use the Konami code and have somebody
else playing with you and you can beat this game without dying I I want to meet
you and have you like sign my arm or something why why are in chat is trying
to show off his big fucking skills sand cleared both Contra and Super C on NES
without 10 or 30 lives and without continues who else yeah but did you die
I want to meet the person who can do it without dying can't Dan do it without
dying mmm no actually on it fucking thought he could I thought that's why
you fucking married him no it was our type that he could beat without ah got
you but also came out on this ZX spectrum Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC by
the way I need to ask you about Commodore 64 stuff Rob I fucking love
the Commodore 64 you have a good emulator ah I haven't used one in a long
time I'm hoping the game room is gonna bring back some of the C64 stuff it's
because we've done a pretty shitty job it's for someone else okay um but yeah
they all came those versions all came out in Europe in 1988 the piece the IBM
PC version was also out in Germany the Commodore 64 and IBM versions later came
out in North America as Contra but yeah the the NES version was evil and hard
and it was one of the earliest games to use the Konami code which one of the
other games that did it was you know before that was of course Gradius and
for the Falmicon it used a multi memory controller that Konami made for of
course the Japanese market that gave it additional graphical effects so I don't
know if anyone's ever played ROM of this but if you play the Japanese ROM the
um there's animation in the background and other stuff going on the leaves are
moving and the grass is blowing in the wind and all kinds of fun stuff and it
also had extra cheat codes like a stage select and a sound test and hidden post
credits scene that you would hold select and start before and during the entire
end credits and yeah like I said the European version was called Pro
Protector and the main guys were turned into robots and it was just because of
censorship laws in the day fuck censorship but when Contra legacy of war
and shattered soldier came out they retained the Contra name msx2 was
actually fairly different than the arcade and the NES version because of
limitations in the hardware it didn't scroll but it used flip screens sort of
the way that Metal Gear and Vampire Killer did and it was only single-player
however it did have it did change the last ten stages of the game and the
msx2 version of Contra is on the Wii Virtual Console in Japan came out on
February 2nd of this year of course there was a ps2 re-release version for
Xbox Live arcade digital eclipse handled the conversion there's Konami classics
series arcade hits for the DS blah blah blah blah blah and you can actually get
the Konami's collector series Castlevania and Contra for Windows in
North America which also includes Super C and three Castlevania games and if you
get Contra IV Contra and Super C on is also included as the DS so yeah pretty
pretty freaking hard and of course there were a ton of Contra games came after
there was a Super Contra well Super C well it was Super Contra overseas it was
Super C here operation C for the Gameboy Contra 3 the Alien Wars for Super NES
Contra Force furnace Contra hardcore which that's really actually kind of
hard to on Genesis Konami I love the Super Nintendo one that was awesome
Konami contracted out for PlayStation Contra Legacy of War which also came out
on the Saturn see the Contra adventure in 1998 2000 we had a Contra Shattered
Soldier and Neo Contra Contra IV came out on the Nintendo DS and Contra
Rebirth by M2 came out for WiiWare our old fucking pal like Kiryamoka did the
music for Shattered Soldier Soldier if I remember right yes he did and also if
you were looking for any of the soundtracks from the arcade version of
Contra the soundtrack is included on Konami game music volume for Ajax which
came out in 1988 there's actually a vinyl version of that Rob that's fucking
old yeah so yeah Contra all right like yeah great choice and the chat rooms
very fucking pleased with that Contra is your classic game of the week also I
totally recommend watching the angry Nintendo nerd or angry gamer nerd his
review of Contra it's freaking hilarious all right we're gonna take a quick
fucking break we'll be back with more of orange lounge radio in just a little bit
so fucking don't go anywhere we'll be right back
perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is
the word fuck out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F fuck is
the only word that is referred to as the f-word it's the one magical word just by
its sound can describe pain pleasure hate and love fuck as most words in the
English language is derived from German the word frickin which means to strike
in English fuck falls into many grammatical categories as a transitive
verb for instance John fucked Shirley as an intransitive verb surely fucks its
meanings not always sexual it can be used as an adjective such as John's
doing all the fucking work as part of an adverb surely talks to fucking much as
an adverb enhancing an adjective surely is fucking beautiful as a noun I don't
give a fuck that's part of a word abso fucking lutely or in fucking credible
and as almost every word in a sentence fuck the fucking fuckers as you must
realize there aren't too many words with the versatility of fuck as in these
examples describing situations such as fraud I got fucked at the used car lot
dismay off fuck it trouble I guess I'm really fucked now aggression don't fuck
with me buddy difficulty I don't understand this fucking question
inquiry who the fuck was that dissatisfaction I don't like what the
fuck is going on here incompetence he's a fuck-off dismissal why don't you go
outside and play hide and go fuck yourself I'm sure you can think of many
more examples with all of these multi-purpose applications how can
anyone be offended when you use the word we say use this unique flexible word
more often than your daily speech it will identify the quality of your
character immediately say it loudly and proudly fuck you welcome back to orange
lounge radio on this very special edition in celebration of our State
Assembly wasting their fucking time passing a resolution to celebrate no
cussing week even if it did fail in the Senate it's still a waste of fucking
everybody's time hey dark Sakura hmm why don't you play go play hide and go fuck
yourself that's okay I love that clip that's a good clip I'm keeping that one
in the podcast haters gonna hate all right we got some fucking rapid-fire
news for you guys tonight a lot of quick fucking stories that we want to make
sure we cover it was actually a pretty fucking busy news week so there's some
pretty heavy hitters here so by the way I hear we're on against the fucking
Oscars tonight I mean who gives a fuck about a bunch of Hollywood people
uppity fucks just sucking each other's dicks and giving each other awards I
forgot to submit my Oscar pics for a new okay so get this at my work we have this
you know Oscar pool that we fucking do every year and every fucking year forget
that submit him I had it done my co-worker fucking reminded me I get
home like god damn it I fucking forgot him again on my desk it's not that
fucking hard this year I like damn it it's a two fucking movie race even
though they upped it to ten it's two who cares who cares about the Oscars hurt
locker is gonna win doesn't matter doesn't fucking matter and beside you
don't the fucking watching it on the internet later it's like four hours I do
with American Idol results shows you don't watch him you just fucking read
who wins what does they waste all the fucking ties well loses that's my man
all right why why ours like oh but what are they wearing OMG look at that gown
it's so daring look at how much skin they're burying yeah it'll all be on
fucking Perez Hilton and and oh no they didn't and the OMG blogs all the fashion
shit tiger claws been keeping me updated care what well sending you private
messages or something yeah you really get you fucking care about the Oscars I
care and see what Star Trek wins it's only gonna win makeup because as the
only thing it was nominated for but that is the first win for a Star Trek movie
oh I didn't know that I thought even fucking nemesis got nominated at least
for like visual effects like I said the first win I see um but actually I do
have to agree that avatar did deserve best cinematography what the fuck ever
let's get some fucking video game news Loki yes let's talk about some fucking
sequels including scribble knots to that's right coming from the fucking
source for Nintendo news Nintendo fucking power there will be another
scribble that's game and how can they fucking put another one you may ask
because there are so many words that were in there before because the first
fucking game sold like fucking hotcakes and it was a huge DS game well here's
how they're gonna fucking do it they're gonna add 10,000 more words that's right
10,000 words that's fucking more than 9,000 that's over 9,000 words just
giving me they were missing fucking 9,000 words apparently gonna be all
internet me me's this time I don't know but apparently adjectives will play a
big role this time like you guys summon super Einstein or electric werewolf
mmm surprising versus electric werewolf I like that baby Cthulhu baby Cthulhu
fuck yeah the shit out of me anyways it'll deliver apparently a hundred over
9,000 yes over 9,000 deliver 120 new levels a level editor a new hint system
and improved controls well better have improved controls because those
controls so how about actual controls first another not too surprising sequel
in fact I've known about this for a little bit so calm for being announced
for PlayStation 3 by zipper the company developed it the last time around for so
calm confrontation but this is an actual sequel this time and apparently it's
going to deliver 14 missions with about 12 hours of gameplay and of course you
know the developer has a pretty good track record when it comes to
multiplayer games seen as they were behind mag which had 256 players however
the game will only have 32 player online multiplayer and then this is great
apparently at the 11th hour Ubisoft has made some emergency changes to their DRM
on their PC titles apparently great topic for the fuck show apparently there
was there was some fixes that needed to be make because people were figuring out
how to crack it and of course they've already cracked it but Ubisoft says that
players should live should players lose their internet connection a requirement
under the company's ridiculous new DRM scheme their single-player offline game
would drop upon reloading you be left with your last checkpoint and not the
actual point you were cut out now their claim is that no the you know the DRM
has not been broken in fact those who are playing the cracked version out
there aren't getting the full game experience and the words are not gain
access to the you play stuff which no one gives a shit and to kind of go along
with this in kind of the worst-case scenario situation well the worst-case
scenario situation happened and apparently their servers went offline
their Ubisoft DRM often to kid authentication servers they've been down
and guess what apparently people that had Assassin's Creed 2 can't play it
right now dole and I smell a fucking class-action lawsuit and apparently yes
and it's been down for quite a long time and you know there's been people trying
to log in for like 25 minutes and there are any able to do anything and a new
be soft representative apparently responded to the forum thread that's
over on their official Assassin's Creed 2 forum and saying clearly the extended
downtime and lengthy login issues are unacceptable particularly as I've been
told these servers are constantly monitored well they apparently watch
them go down yeah fuck that up didn't you I'm honoring them crushing and then
they added I'll do whatever what I can to get more information on this issue
and here's the fruit or more on what the issue is first thing tomorrow and push
for a resolution is sure it's this will happen again in the future it doesn't
matter they've already cracked it forget about it because what apparently
happened is there is a cracker group out there that figured out that hey guess
what they have some sort of fail-safe and then in the case that will be soft
size to go out of business that will put out a patch that will apparently disable
this DRM so that you can play your game just fine well guess what the codes in
there and they've activated it so thanks to be soft you made it easy we all knew
this is gonna fucking happen and we all knew it's a stupid idea and guess what
it's a stupid idea is it a fucking stupid idea it's a fucking stupid idea
it's the worst idea ever because all you're doing is punching the people that
legitimately paid for the program the people that want to hack it they're
gonna wait for a hack version to come out I don't think there's a PC title
out there that they haven't figured out a way around some sort of DRM for it so
oh well you know you tried you failed maybe you shouldn't try because it cost
money to try
alright so a lot of fucking confusion going on over a highly fucking
controversial game six days and fallujah you might remember this game was
supposed to fucking come out and it doesn't like one fucking Konami actually
put it out because I was putting out and they're like now we don't have fucking
be associated with this because they're working with terrorists or something
they're also working with the soldiers that were there and that wasn't gonna
fucking stop atomic games and apparently IGN reported this week that six days and
fallujah is finished it's fucking done it is ready to come out but there's no
fucking release date announced just that the game is sitting there finished now
atomic games actually fucking followed up to this saying that well IGN yeah
they talked to somebody at atomic games and the game is finished and it's coming
out but yeah we have another fucking game we're doing first and then six days
and fallujah will come out it's finished but that doesn't mean we're not gonna
fucking upgrade it new fucking features a new fucking technology and whatever the
fuck we feel like doing basically in a nutshell so I keep an eye on atomic games
I suppose if you really want more information on this game although I
don't know the you know how you know that old saying strike when the iron is
hot yeah well it's like you know the iron is frozen yeah put away anyhow on
some other fucking news if you still one of these people that don't have a
fucking Wii for some reason Walmart can sell you the bundle that everybody
fucking thought would be out already Walmart is selling we owe we in Nintendo
we Wii Sports Wii Sports Resort and the motion plus attachment it's available
right now one hundred and ninety nine dollars is the price for this so
basically it's a normal we thing with Wii Sports Resort with it which you
know although Walmart I don't know they can kind of be fucking shady about some
things like I don't know censorship on albums a good deal is still still a good
deal and if you do not have a Nintendo Wii for whatever reason you want to be
limited supplies as if the supplies aren't limited enough already yeah so and
one of the fucking thing I have for you guys before I turn it over to dark
Sakura Tecmo Bowl there is a new Tecmo Bowl coming it's a new old Tecmo Bowl
it's a fucking throwback I am actually fucking excited about this I don't talk
a lot about sports games on this show because I don't fucking play a lot of
them cuz I know it's gonna sound weird but a lot of them are too fucking
complicated for me cuz I don't watch a lot of them on TV but I like the kind of
overly simplified ones like NBA Jam I always love that game in the fucking
arcades and this new one is somewhat interesting I fucking love Tecmo Bowl on
the NES I thought it was great so the idea that they're kind of doing this
throwback I find very fucking exciting this will it feature real sugar this
time I don't know the idea of this was kind of leaked a little while ago thanks
to an ESRB rating but now it's been acknowledged Tecmo Bowl throwback is
coming out on the Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network sometime in the
spring it's a remake of Tecmo Super Bowl you can switch to classic 2d amongst I
guess the 3d the people who fucking made it are south and interactive they also
made that fucking loadrunner game and our type the loadrunner ever fucking
come out on the Xbox 360 yeah sometime ago the R type ones pretty fucking rad
if that's the R type that's on Xbox Live I think it's probably the r-10 fucking
rad so this is a good studio to be doing this all new 3d graphics and and and
online play fuck yeah Tecmo Bowl throwback will have 32 teams online
leaderboards and customizable options for the teams and the rosters I don't
know like are these are they gonna be actual teams or no because every fake
teams the fake teams like just they're called New York and Denver but it's not
like fucking the New York of the Denver still I'm all over I bet you never
thought you would hear me say this about a sports game here on OLR I am all
fucking about this game I am I'm very excited to fucking play this game dark
soccer has got a few stories for us and then some Twitter topics I sure fucking
do rock band we are getting some songs white stripes pack which will be for 40
points $5.50 fell in love with the girls seven nation army and you don't know
what love is you just do as you're told individual tracks the future has decent
days and nights hounds of love this wasn't that a Kate Bush song anyway the
James gang walk away Neil pert the hockey theme and Seamus all of this and
tie you down and other news there is a K something that was given to me as an
incomplete link that I have no idea what it is um DJ max technica 2 has a teaser
out so I guess people can go watch it and then the 8-bit left for dead dude is
doing Megaman 9 HD remix so keep your eyes open for that although I bet
nobody's gonna ever fucking play it cuz there'll be a lawsuit that'll stop it if
they ever try to put that out cuz that's just the fucking way the world works
I'll try course it's not Activision it's a Capcom who knows maybe they'll be a
little cooler but I don't know I kind of think you know okay fucking Megaman 10
came out on the fucking weed this week right and I'm fucking waiting for PSN or
Xbox 360 before I spend my fucking hard-earned money on this game but I'm
kind of hearing a lot of the early fucking feedback is that it's kind of
just Megaman 9 all over again and I'm kind of fucking thinking well wasn't
Megaman 9 just the first fucking eight games all over again I mean that's what
the charm was about it has the fucking retro ness of Megaman worn off is is
retro really fucking old now I don't know what do you think Loki is is is
Megaman 10 too much or what I don't think it's too much I think you know
it'd be pretty cool to see them release more of these retro games promise they're
just not as good as Megaman 2 but I don't know I'm kind of glad that they're doing
that because it really it comes down to those games prove that it's all about
gameplay it's not necessarily graphics and you don't have to have really shiny
HD 3d you know modeled graphics for a Megaman game or even a lot of games it
can be just fine with just you know 8-bit retro stuff and that hell I'd
like to see a studio that only did that that'd be pretty awesome I think Dark
Touch Studio raises a fucking good point in chat saying well I don't think
Capcom would want people playing the equivalent of one of their recent
releases for free yeah I can see that they're still probably making some
fucking money off Megaman 9 and so yeah they would shut this shit down if it was
getting out there too much but I don't think it's a bad thing you know why not
you know now that they kind of did the fucking retro 3d just go in and make
some HD sprites keep the same game keep the same just just or even pretty or
even pretty you know what you could do and here's what they really need to do
you need to put fucking Megaman 9 and Megaman 10 like on the DS or something
like that so I can take it with me and play that shit you know I mean those
ROMs got to be pretty small anyways that aside or new Megaman collection would be
kind of cool with those in there fuck let's make them if they want to make a
3d game make them another fucking Megaman Legends that would be fucking
awesome alright let's get to some Twitter topics
suit you fucking people on Twitter have to say every week we read your tweets
show us your tweets at OLR lots of fucking celebration that finally a year
and a half after I think the idea was first announced we are finally having
our fucking fuck show up against the Oscars tonight in a moment of protest
not everybody fucking on board with the fuck show though sturlock sends us a
tweet to be perfectly honest this joke is already painfully old it's not gonna
be for everybody keep in mind we're not just doing it to say fuck a lot which
although I will say that's a nice benefit but it is a protest against
people taking their time to time out of their busy schedules they should be
balancing budgets to tell us that we shouldn't swear that swearing makes us
somehow unintelligent it's the same fucking show tonight just more fuck but
I don't know I was a little worried coming into it it might get fucking old
after three hours but we'll see two hours and I still feel pretty fucking
good you guys doing okay all right let's see spazzinator says some very nasty
words to Sony I got I bet yeah I bet he'll call in later and say some more
about that but also says let's see if I got this right this is in response to
the heavy rain thing spazzinator PSN says let's see if I got this right heads
blown off fine hot crowbar up the ass fine mass murder fine tits or badge what
sicko wants to see that fucking shit dude it's like the biggest like I don't
even know what word you would say to describe this just it's it's just this
big glaring hypocrisy in in the media and in society that has been going on
for a very long time it's not just fucking video games but it's movies too
what's that movie there was some movie about like it's called this movie is
rated R or something like that it explores like the NC 17 rating fucking
fascinating dark touch to you once everyone to fucking know that I love
this song resumes this week on the site that's good I like seeing some more
fucking content on olr hopefully there's more than just the I love that song
segment which was you know everything that was on the website but I do I like
music gaming music is good and so I always like the I love that song segment
the diversity of stuff that they picked so fuck yeah and lastly Takeo Ray says
his tweet wants to know so does anyone have an f-bomb count for the show I
think they lost track in the first fucking like five minutes problem was
Dark Sakura sat there went fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck and that's faster
than anyone could probably tally so that's more of something that you'll
figure out later on once they the podcast comes fucking out hey if every
if anyone actually wants to sit there and fucking count all the words I'm
pretty fucking impressed and I mean I doubt it Guinness will pay attention to
something like this because it's just a fucking podcast but hey they'll pay
attention to like what the longest pretzel is or some shit like that I
don't fucking get them both of the shit that they fucking record is ridiculous
maybe we can get sure me to hey maybe we can buy the gaming podcast or another
game fight because the gaming Guinness World Records think well we haven't
started talking about the tester yet I did watch episode 2 of the tester oh was
it worth a Shermie poop yes I still feel the same about it it's you know it's not
the most terrible thing to ever reach my television but it's no RuPaul's Drag
Race which would be the best thing to ever grace my television it's it's a big
what the fuck ever it's a three out of five through Paul drag races um it
should have to lip-sync for its life I do think that is something I don't know
it's pretty obvious that they fucking film this whole show in the scope of
like three or four days like like they're doing a little challenge in the
morning kick somebody off to a challenge in the evening kick somebody off to it
was really fucking fast I'm sure whatever just as $5,000 dude I'd go on
the tech like if it's just like four days or whatever to film the show I'd
fucking go on the tester win the $5,000 and then quit fuck you I'm out of here
all right I'm not gonna be a fucking tester you'll pay shit there if they
were willing to pay I'm not gonna say what I make of my current job now but if
they're willing to match that I do it although I don't know like if they had
it I gotta be fucking honest if instead the competition was like be the new host
of PlayStation shows or something like that I would give that some serious
fucking thought because I'd be like oh I could get do something I really like for
a living that might be worth it you know money don't buy everything I think if
the contest were be the next fucking PlayStation host of fucking yeah ever
they would probably have like I just like be the spokesperson for something
and I'd you know compete in that and win and then the surprise at the end by the
way you get to be a spokesperson for Apple god damn it Bo fuck you it to call
one our chat room chat that orange laundry calm said episode four of the
tester is supposed to be larping oh god that's gonna be awesome oh well I'm only
through the second episode I just watched it in you know waste time people
who were doing the live-action avatar roleplay themselves blue and they were
legit they've got a website in a group in everything I have fucking heard about
these people that that are depressed after they watch fucking avatar because
they they want to fucking live on Pandora like it's fucking real okay I
larped but I put vampire and you know what we didn't go running out in the
woods acting stupid we just ran around downtown mobile acting stupid all right
let's move on with some more fucking gaming news then the mailbag then your
fucking calls which I'm sure are gonna be a hoot and a holler tonight can't
fucking wait for that remember every call counts all right we might have to
institute the time limit on calls tonight I think we're gonna do that I
think we're gonna do rapid-fire calls tonight just so everybody can have their
say because I know everybody wants to get a rapid-fire call everyone gives a
fuck rapid-fire calls tonight I'm already too long we hang up on you know
what though instead of getting three calls we could get through like seven if
we do a time limit so we're gonna do that tonight all right uh Loki some
fucking gaming news for us this also has nothing to fucking do with the
PlayStation Network going well the PlayStation are technically didn't go
down but you know PlayStation 3 is it way back in late 2008 apparently a
Pennsylvania teenager playing SOCOM US Navy SEALs got kicked out of a
tournament for using a cheat mod so he decided to take revenge by crashing the
PlayStation website for 11 days and what's funny though is Sony has decided
you know what they filed a federal grand jury investigation which led to the
perpetrator getting arrested the hacker pled guilty to four felony charges in
juvie court and apparently he got access he said he apparently got access to the
site servers and let loose a virus that brought everything down and his methods
I guess weren't described but some experts or whatever contacted by local
TV station said they were so sophisticated that someone else couldn't
pull it off hopefully by now they've already fixed that stuff apparently also
it says in exchange the team pleaded guilty the four counts and lawful use of
a computer criminal use of computer computer trespassing and distribution of
a computer virus in exchange for a process prosecutors dropping the 11
others some related to the March 2009 cyber-attack that's funny no team
funnier is he's from La Trobe which we have a road over here named La Trobe but
this is all Pittsburgh new Pennsylvania I actually know where that is in
Pennsylvania not just Pittsburgh but what they're talking about well you know
boo-fucking-hoo for this kid he got what he deserved honestly you know she
didn't hack the website kicked out you got kicked out for fucking cheating you
fucking deserved it he thought he was leaked hacks or boo-hoo I got banned for
cheating when have fun in the fucking slammer on to happier news a really
fucking cute fucking game on the PlayStation 3 little big planet who
doesn't love little big planet it's so fucking adorable lots of people do
apparently enough to make two million two million user creators pretty fun
stuff on there there's some levels that were like really difficult levels I
forget what they're called though but oh man we were busting up there like on
some of the top rated user levels just go through playing those there's some
really funny fucking levels on there and this shouldn't really come as a big
fucking surprise but Media Molecule has now been absorbed fully as a first party
company for Sony so Sony is now suck them up into their collective and Media
Molecule now has their fucking check signed by Sony so there it is
it's Dan Media Molecule is no longer an independent studio and by the way a
comment from Michael Denny the senior vice president of Sony worldwide studios
quote Media Molecule will simply continue to make great games welcoming
Media Molecule into the PlayStation family will allow us to better support
their future titles and ambitions they're really fucked now just kidding I
added that last part myself all right and Dan yelled from the living room
that's only if Activision buys them boy if Activision comes for your company
run bitch run I can't say me I can't wait for them to close Blizzard that'll
be the day dark soccer would you got for us well yeah there was a version of a
number of different Nintendo games some of them super rare that were going on
eBay there was one in particular family fun fitness stadium events it hit a bid
amount of eight hundred thousand two hundred dollars fucking eBay yeah
scammers you'd like anybody who has that much money to blow on an NES game which
is actually the highest game on there right now is bubble bath babes with the
box for two thousand nine hundred and ninety five dollars and let me say every
fucking penny I'll offer what I'll offer a one cent bid on it I don't think you
can put a one cent bid when you have to do three thousand best offer five bucks
only off topic here just thought I'd mention this because it's not fucking
allowed okay well this is going back to the fucking sir we had about during
rapid-fire about the Ubisoft DRM here's why their server went down do the
exceptional demand we're currently expert experiencing difficulties yes
that's right because their games sold and people bought them and then try to
play them and it logs in online it caused server strain and therefore it's
not work so basically if you buy their games it breaks the server why don't
they just fucking say it's a DDoS attack because that's clearly what's going on
right it's not it's just from people playing their games don't you think
that's just a blow to bullshit just know it's a face if they're just stupid
exceptional demand could be a bunch of inquiries to their server I think they're
being DDoSed which isn't okay I think that's fucked up like I don't think it's
even worse if that's the case oh dude the exceptional demand well that will be
a problem going forward okay I would you don't fucking take all these statements
at face value though because look at what Sony said earlier this week we fix
the fucking date problem no you didn't you waited it out you fucking waited it
out and then put out a press release about how fucking awesome you are to
fix the problem in exactly 24 hours come on we weren't born yesterday due to
exceptional demand you know what your your fucking DRM is about as in demand
as a fucking Yanni CD at Lollapalooza okay that's how fucking in demand your
thing is anyhow more news than the mailbag that's just funny oh sorry so this
is kind of cool rock band network finally launched in rock band network
you may remember is kind of an extension of the XNA where anybody that has a
membership to the XNA can basically download the tools that they need to
convert their music into rock band tracks and then you can go ahead and
sell them online well they launched with 105 songs which is fucking awesome try
that guitar hero seriously or DJ hero don't even get me started DJ hero to
download packs yeah I should have figured no but seriously compared this
to what they have for you know it's our hero where they have their basic service
you can create your own tracks and throw them on there for free download but this
is like way better and 105 tracks launch so far the song ranges from price ranges
are about 80 to 160 Microsoft points or a buck or two and you know just kind of
some of the artists that are on here that I thought were pretty cool flogging
Molly's on here with drunken lullabies the live version and requiem for a dying
song cam FDM with a drug against war and jute joint Jezebel to joy because it was
awesome sense off we didn't make a little maniacal though you know in due
time maybe MC front a lot with goth girls I love that song also a little bit
of Jonathan Colton in there including creepy doll IKEA in the future soon
another two bunch of good songs and then you know a bunch of other artists I
don't recognize what a lot of other people might was it the shins Australia
I recognize the shins there's some other artists the main drag see here scratching
the itch whatever but tons of stuff and there's gonna be more added each day as
you know this goes on definitely worth checking out they are exclusive on the
xbox 360 for 30 days after which a selection of standout tracks will become
available on the PlayStation 3 and the week I think a well our should have a
fucking song on there like I don't know we don't really have any we don't do
music really but I I think we should just we should have a fuck it's not an
original song yeah we have to come up with an OL our original song do we know
any fucking songwriters that could write us a fucking song that we just scream
the lyrics to over some like type of music I guess I have some type of guitar
thing they can play like an epic guitar solo and a drum solo that we could all
sing come on does you guys wanna fucking sing a song on Rock Band Network can't
maybe not it's just we cost a lot take a lot of time I'm not that talented all
right if someone wants to put all that effort and work into it yeah sure I got
one more story for you guys and then we can get to the fucking mailbag this has
to do with an update to the code of conduct I gotta be honest although I'm
sure this probably pissed me off when I first fucking heard about it I totally
fucking forgot about it until this story came out this week that apparently Xbox
Live has now lifted the ban on using the terms lesbian gay bi transgender and
straight in your profiles so if you want to put hi I like games and I'm a big
lesbian in your profile it is okay to do that now so have a ball and I talked a
little bit about this on Bobby Black Wolf show tonight you know he's the show
before us at all games radio he's a much cleaner show than we are by the way he
is always kind enough to do a call with us and I was coming on how fucking like
you know I want to see Bobby I want to see Bobby do a fuck show man I want to
see him just go off one night sound like a Bobby unhinged although he well he
swears on his other show Friday night gaming but you know that's such a video
show that there's a lot of pause that you like if you're listening to it as a
radio show there's a lot of pauses because they're doing things on video
they're playing games and stuff it makes sense I just like to see Bobby just just
go off for an hour like I can't fucking believe this fucking I'd love it awesome
anyway I'm Bobby Shaw I was talking about this a little bit and I was just
saying like you know okay yeah I'm a I'm a gay guy and I I don't think I really
care that I can put this in my profile now especially on Xbox Live of all
places I don't want to put like I'm a gay gamer 31 from California like it's
not fucking match.com or whatever it's business why do people make that
such a big deal I mean yeah it's a part of your identity but it's not like I go
around saying hi I like everybody but I also agree that if someone wants to do
it they should have every right to I just don't I just don't understand why
you do it but okay if you want to put it on your profile you should have every
right without repercussion and people you know but you're probably gonna get
all these messages from losers going what your affairs should put in my
profile send me boob photos you know cuz it would be okay to put in your profile
I that's well in my right big supporter I've been right you could do it supporter
of lesbian boobs you go what that would be okay so there you go have fun with
your profiles and so forth dude that's someone else I got a following Twitter
what oh one of my friends on the live journal they have Tom Selleck an icon I'm
like Tom Selleck that'd be awesome wonder if he's on Twitter every fucking
buddies on Twitter now it's crazy then there might be this is my PSA for today
and it's your random here I can go everybody needs to follow Steve
Gutenberg poor guy only has 25 friends I mean that's not any way to treat a guy
that was marginally good in some 80s films link that link the Twitter in chat
we will double the number tonight let the Twitter in chat chatters or gels
radio love Steve Gutenberg I can know what to do you need to follow this guy
hasn't the cat approves of Steve Gutenberg we know it's three men and a
fucking baby do we know it's really him I don't know it's the only Steve
Gutenberg on Twitter so so it must be it must be who'd want to impersonate Steve
Gutenberg uh nobody well let's see who's following him
Loki I'm on there not many actual guys look it up on Twitter link it in chat
alright chatters you know what to do it's Steve Gutenberg fuck follow him I'm
gonna look and see if there's a Steve underscore Gutenberg all right moving on
let's get to the mailbag you gotta stop looking for me we mean nope yes no
there's not an underscore Steve don't you say no to the emailers I just
followed him so whatever I'm feeling such a man she I'll go fucking follow
him too all right here we go the emails every week you send us your fucking
emails and we read him he has an official website so we'll figure it out
on there www.orange lounge radio.com is our website and I think there's an email
link there or just open up your email browser and go mailbag at orange lounge
radio.com read us oh yeah I'm sorry I the emails were hidden under yahoo
japan stuff okay what are you fucking doing on yahoo japan I'll tell you after
the show why can't you tell me during the show is it juicy fuck off okay okay
this comes from Jammer Jay whoa okay um who by the way sent me a very nice
Christmas Christmas card with um a sudoku puzzle in it and um isn't it
fucking March and you're just now getting a Christmas no he I got it it
bounced back so yeah and um and um and um he sent like I think and I have
judgment card or something anyway um here was a situation posed to me and I
wanted to get all our thoughts on this since we are all about the same age
here's the scenario my coworker gave me Dave and my other co-workers would put
the money into a pot in order to win the pot I would have to stop playing all
video games for a month I told him I would not do it and then it seemed a bit
ridiculous to me Dave's reasoning was that my life would get immediately
better and that I would be a better person and go out more the ironic thing
was that we were dragged out to a country bar and shooting pool which I
did not enjoy as much but I could do I think we were all met anyways being
dragged there also like many others he seems he sees the gaming lifestyle as
negative and he does not know even really what me like many others not in
Idaho okay I do a large amount of gaming everything from Beatles rock band on
360 to World of Warcraft but I balance this out with my weekly workouts
including DDR and my other grown-up things quotes I am NOT a poop soccer okay
I believe that it is what makes us individuals to be different and that we
can have different hobbies and interests different than others to enjoy life some
of the activities that people think are normal drinking playing pool partying I
have not done but I feel empty doing them even with others I would rather not
conform and do what I enjoy by myself then to feel empty so what do you guys
think is there anything else I should say to him to back up my point by the
way in Idaho most what most consider normal is all outdoorsy stuff floating
river hiking camping BSU football hunting I'm not from Idaho I'm a
Floridian this email has been brought to you by red Robin the home of the
delicious chop house burger now I'm fucking hungry for one of those Western
chicken we went to federal records today I ate an ostrich burger yummy fucking
delicious anyway um well first of all I know a lot of Floridians I lived about
an hour from Pensacola and a lot of them were back were right very well rednecks
um so yeah all the same stuff you know what just tell them like you know flat
out say I'm an individual this is I'm not going to change myself to please you
if he's your fucking friend he should understand that there's some fucking
things whatever I mean it's hanging out going to country bars he's a friend of
some some sort if he's your fucking friend you should understand there are
things you like to do you're not hurting anyone playing a video game you're not
doing nothing but playing video games you're holding down a steady job it's
not anyone's place to tell another person how to live their life end of
story that's all I think if you know what though I think here's here's my
fucking suggestion if you're gonna do that for him he should play a video game
with you and see what it is that you enjoy so much about video games I think
if you're gonna do that and go to a country bar which props to you because I
don't know how long I could stand something like that but I would do it
for a friend if a friend really wanted me to go to a country bar for a night I
would go but I think in return you should ask he should sit down play a
video game with you and try to find a game that you think he might like I mean
you know your friend better than I do you might find that new Super Mario
Brothers Wii is a game or maybe Call of Duty modern warfare is the game up to
you my friend but if this guy's really your friend like he should just take you
as you are even if he's just a co-worker then if he's a co-worker then you get
this whole other thing involved where if he's it's to the point where he's
annoying you you have every right home stop talking to you honestly like then
again that only really works in California I yeah I mean I would hate
that you would have to go that far with it honestly just encourage him to be
more open-minded and just let him know hey there's nothing wrong with video
games dude call a modern warfare made more money than most Hollywood movies do
I mean it is an art form I don't know I don't know this guy maybe follow fancy
13 and the stories would maybe maybe plays the deer hunter I don't know which
that game is actually kind of funny um so anyway next fucking email dear olr I
finished heavy rain last Sunday I wasn't affected by the ps3 clock glitch and was
able to beat sorry beat off to and beat heavy rain with no problem at all Oh
special person to me heavy rain is comparable to a show like rescue me mad
men and burn notice but notice is pretty cool damn like to rescue me um these are
shows that would have been absolutely dull to me when I was young teenager but
really deep and compelling now that I have matured into more adult tastes do
you feel the same way they're not shows that I enjoy but I see why people like
them I mean like I said Dan loves rescue me I like Dennis Leary I mean I think
he's pretty hilarious I watched the end of nip tuck this week it went out with a
fizzle hmm it was just like there's like and we give up it was basically kind of
I was really upset because there was no new RuPaul's drag race this week but
there was a new project runway and I completely agreed with who they sent
home is that what we're talking about I think it's talking about serious dramas
dealing with the issues that people don't like to talk about I think there
are certainly some shows I didn't really watch as a kid that I could fucking
appreciate a little more now that maybe I couldn't appreciate because I was too
young to understand I'm sure there were shows like that I can't think of
anything off the top of my head but there's a few shows though that that
grow up with you if you know what I mean like watching freaking Rocky and
Bullwinkle or Beverly Hills 90210 I mean I can't watch that new one it's such
bullshit compared to the old one I did I fucking grew up with Brandon and Brenda
I mean they're my homeboys sorry I thought she was on the show now I think
she did like a guest thing but it's not the same because now she's gonna be on
the show yeah some of them are on the show there was one I watched God I
watched some weird TV when I'm at home sometimes I watched this show
overhauling it's basically one of those you know they take a car and soup it up
type shows and they did one for what's his name in I remember the guy's name on
90210 yeah he is hearing in searing why do I know that yeah they did his uh I'm
silently hitting my head in shame he was on Dancing with the Stars I think that
yeah that's where they all finish reading email yeah yeah yeah also I need
help with DJ hero I seem to be unable to perform the blue button scratch
consistently and effectively it doesn't matter which hand I use or whether the
buttons are on the left or right of the turntable controller I fail on the
consistent basis are there any tips you can give me Loki I'm surprised it's the
blue one that you're having trouble with that's the one that is on the inside of
camera well what kind of surprises me is that he has the same problem even if he
flips through the first thing I would have said is play left-handed mode it's
probably inside one I'm guessing because it's hard to get a grip on it what you
need to do is when you have your hand on the actual turntable is I normally put
my thumb I rest my thumb on the outside on the actual edge of the turntable and
use that to kind of move the turntable because if you just rely on you know the
friction of your finger on that button it's not gonna work you have to keep
your thumb held down to create that kind of like friction there or it's too loose
and you'll get all these scratches you don't really want you have to use your
thumb to I think that attraction that's where your problem comes in but maybe
like I'm afraid we're gonna get a follow-up email like I'm already doing
that well then you just need practice more you might just have to take down
honestly take down the difficulty you might be playing on two I I think maybe
you're me I don't know I'm guessing what I've been a longtime fan of Bahmani so
you're trying to take it a little more aggressive I've been doing this but I
haven't done it yet I've been meaning to take like aggressively it's an adverb
whatever I don't like adverbs oh yeah we'll fuck you back we need to take like
a metal plate or something like that and find the actual dead zones on each side
you know whatever because there's little dead zones where you can actually move
the marker and it'll finally move all the way over to the left and right and
just put a plate there so that basically it's just all Center unless you go far
right far left because I hate it where you just don't go far enough or
something like that it doesn't register so that'd be kind of cool fucking play
DJ hero in a while I really need to I'm kind of disappointed price of them at
fries they have a ton of them I'm really fucking disappointed they didn't support
it better with more DLC that's two download packs they are not trying at
all there we release a couple now we're gonna release a new game they better
throw my hair back at you three with DJ hero too well if I can finish the email
of course you fucking can thank you for taking my question posting the podcast
episodes in expedient manner stay care of entertainment this message has been
brought to you by the following words fuck shit ass piss bitch dumbass
cocksucker motherfucker damn you are quite fucking welcome also we you know
what is that on our fucking wiki for what in show jokes this message has been
brought to you by I don't know I haven't had it right the fuck now I have to be
fucking honest I haven't read the fucking wiki in a while but I'm not just
getting updated tonight with the whole fuck show business hey olr I was
listening to last week's show and I heard Jamie state that she really did
not want to discuss the crazy things going on with game crazy I couldn't
figure out why until I found out her husband works for the company I'm a store
manager for game crazy in Colorado and I think it would be interesting to hear
the opinions and thoughts on what's going on especially coming from someone
who works in a different district and region personally I am very concerned of
what's going on and it would be interesting to chat about it on your
show please do not use my name for obvious reasons but peas do respond I
love your show look forward to downloading it every week keep it up
thanks someone oh Jamie is summoning Dan to the olr studio live radio boys and
girls it's always a fucking mess and you tape live Sunday nights at all games
radio www.allgames.com we can hear fucking train wrecks the train wreck
they also did get to hear my Dan voice but I can understand though if you don't
want to fucking talk about it cuz it's a fucking day job but you know you don't
want to put that shit at risk so I would completely fucking understand if the
answer is no fucking comment well we can ask him so Dan a wild Dan has appeared
we got an email from a listener in Colorado who is a game crazy manager and
wants to know her him him and he wants to know what your thoughts are on it
being from a different region if you want if you don't want to say anything
on the show you don't have to about what about the closures and how you feel and
about what might be happening being out of money sucks and stores closing sucks
and if more of you fuckers would shop there instead of going to GameStop maybe
we can stay no no it's not your guys's fault it's your guys's fault there's
really not a lot to say you know the economy's tough a lot of good people
have lost jobs a lot of good people are hanging on and Hollywood and movie
gallery really mismanaged through that on a corporate level I've dealt with
movie gallery and they're like exactly it's a company that like didn't catch on
to trends that were stupidly obvious ten years ago that they could have done to
avoid all this today and if you know if things have been done differently you
know what it could have should have yeah yeah yeah you know as far as it goes now
yeah it sucks that we're losing any competition for GameStop because
GameStop's already bigger and evil er than it needs to be and that's you guys
know that's true and that honestly enough that maybe if you know if if the
bankruptcy works out which it won't and any of the game crazies end up staying
open which they probably won't you know it would be really nice that the gamers
will still have an alternative but you know to anyone else who works for the
company hey I'm there with you it's rough I can't speak for them I'm gonna
show up every day I mean you know try to help my gamers and you know I recommend
they do the same if you have a game craze in your area and you haven't gone
there hey this is it while it's there give it a chance and you know hopefully
like it and if you don't go to hell maybe we should maybe we should do an
SOS campaign save our stores well I appreciate Dan's perspective because you
know there's some people that when it comes to the day job they'd be like I
fucking touching that shit with a fucking ten-foot pole so I appreciate
you sweetie being openly and candidly on the topic thank you sweetie support not
just independent radio but support independent game stores even though game
crazy isn't necessarily independent it's important to point out they're not
Walmart and they're not GameStop so that's independent enough they're a
fucking endangered species yes that's right they're like they're like a
goddamn unicorn and I was close to independent kind that Loki's been
playing with all week on that game so you go are there any more fucking you
know I actually went and downloaded that song did you always hey we got another
one from Jesus yay hello there oh this is Jesus I'm writing in I'm the Swedish
dude who called in a few shows ago and talked about the DRM and said and
seeing as how exams are closing in I can't did I read this one already it
wasn't it really long and yeah yeah you did I did recent this so oh yeah and we
also got one from Raba with the stuff about portal and the boing boing boing
we already talked about they bought portal at Circuit City RAP when it was
released a la carte I'll have to see what's all about viral marketing in its
best dude orange box is only like $19.99 now right like it's really fun seriously
what a fucking steal if you have an Xbox 360 or PC or whatever it's a good deal I
really wish I am getting the game it's great I just didn't play it a lot moved
on all right go back are you fucking done with the fucking emails yes all
right then if you should send us your fucking opinion it's where every gamer
has a voice to the game crazy guy so mail bag emailing him I'd be fucking
curious you know whatever you can read on the show obviously mail bag at orange
launch rated calm if you want to send us some fucking emails meanwhile it's time
to do the F use of the week oh yeah we're still having them tonight just
because it's a fuck show doesn't mean we've got orange boxes is 1999 1799 news
we got a big story to inspire this tonight
as if the whole fucking reason for tonight's show weren't enough reason to
be angry let me give you a little something extra here a Korean couple
this week has made the news for neglecting their infant to the point
where the infant starved because they were addicted to online games at
internet cafes now you might want to take this with a grain of salt because
it's coming from the Sun but still sadly you could see it but I trust the Sun
with all of its sunlight in nutrients here's the irony they were raising a
virtual toddler in a game called Prius online it's pretty much second life but
while they were doing this they'd leave their real one at home alone each day
with just a bottle of milk for nourishment dude it's even worse than
Clara from the guild at least like she's sitting in the same room with them one
day they came home to find the child dead and called the cops claiming that
they found them dead went to found the kid dead when they woke up
investigators found though that the child was dehydrated and decided that
the couple story was full of bullshit good for them just pathetic this is all
disgusting honestly yeah I what else can you say this is just it's it's kind of
sad you don't have to take an IQ test to reproduce like some days I really wish
you had to take an IQ test in order to successfully have an orgasm oh I'm
almost there I'm almost there okay what's 2 plus 2 die forget no baby
anyhow if that doesn't inspire some angst within you then I don't know what
else well dark soccer what's your F use of the week fuck you ever hacked my Gaia
account um yeah I had about a million and cold stolen and some of my expensive
items and yeah I play on it as sort of like a little oh I'm wasting time thing
but it's just that it's just shitty you know and I want people to give me my
money back so it's just completely horrible that's really it though I mean
that and having no time to get my stuff finished
looky I'm tired so this isn't as heartfelt as it was the beginning of the
show but fuck you to the asshole that stole my 360 and my mod chip and my $60
that was gonna pay for installing the mod chip and wasting my entire day and
making me have to drive down to Stockton because Stockton sucks and having to
drive back from Stockton angry angry yes oh I was so pissed off and not only that
waiting four hours in a car in front of an apartment complex which I assumed was
his it might not be at this point I am going to email him this week though to
give him a chance maybe there was some misunderstanding maybe his phone fucked
up and he just didn't get any of my messages at the very end or maybe not or
maybe not but hey I'm gonna give him an opportunity to ship me that console if
he doesn't then we'll fucking post his email and his phone number all over the
internet so good fucking luck yeah he has an iPhone I know that he pissed off
a radio show host be warned I don't have a lot of F use this week I actually do
have a big F you but it's not one I want to stay on the show because it's a
sensitive matter so just F you to feeling underappreciated let's leave it
at that that's it for the F use more fuck show a couple of fucking stories
for you guys Loki what do you got on deck so apparently there's some fucking
new design for the DS cartridge that's come out in a patent filing it looks
like a new DS cartridge that's a little bit longer than the normal DS cartridge
it's got I don't even know looks like almost like a button or something on the
end of the cartridge there maybe either for like some sort of rewrite thing or
possibly God knows if you ask me because it's hard to tell based just off this
little picture but people are thinking that maybe it's some sort of expansion
device that they're making for the DSI or something like that to allow you know
other peripherals that you might use on say for example the Game Boy Advance
slot like maybe new guitar hero type thing this makes me think of what is the
rumble pack they put out for Pokemon pinball you know it kinda looks like to
me almost like some sort of wireless card or something like that but the DS
you already has wireless on it it's just that button on top you almost looks like
a sinker some sort of device maybe a motion controller type thing something
like that maybe the button resets you know the orientation or some shit like
that who knows we'll find out later on it when this actually comes out whatever
the hell it is that they're you know I don't know maybe around e3 sure it's
gonna suck my fucking out why you gotta be so fucking negative we relax the Wii
Vitality sensor mine that's why I gotta be fucking negative mine or the Wii
Zapper hey let's let's make this really cool controller attachment nope now
let's not let's just add a little plastic shell instead that looks like
shit on plays like shit it is shit all right I got one more fucking story for
you guys we're gonna open up the skype line a one eight seven seven game olr
our username on skype is orange launch radio the three-minute rules in effect
tonight phone calls will be limited to three minutes so that every fucking
gamer can have a voice tonight valve games are on their way to the Macintosh
that's right I guess there were some rumors about fucking steam going to the
Macintosh cuz some fucking files that were found in the latest beta build but
valve has basically hinted very strongly that the games are coming to the Mac I
guess Doug Lombardi the VP of marketing over at valve actually kind of gave the
official confirmation but no release dates or anything like that but it's a
pretty fucking understood that Team Fortress 2 Half-Life Left 4 Dead portal
those are all big big possibilities it should be noted Team Fortress 2 is used
in some type of little campaign there that is kind of a parody of the Apple
ads so some fucking Mac users are gonna be very fucking excited especially with
a game like portal and you know all those games really valve makes some
pretty fucking awesome games those are all gonna be worth playing yeah that's
what's that they're pretty cool yep so even Loki can support that on the Mac
more games for the Mac Loki that's all you ever wanted right I didn't want
anything for the Mac and I don't care that's why they want to release more
games to the Mac because there are people that buy those pcs I don't
understand why but whatever you know make the money where they can I just
want to share while Loki was reading his last fucking story I ran out to the
fucking car by the way the Skype lines open go ahead and call one eight seven
seven game all our I ran out to the fucking car to get more of these pita
chips which you become really fucking addicted to but this is a different
brand these are from Trader Joe's and these are reduced guilt because they're
not as fatty sea salt chips and I've gotten Jamie addicted to them yay oh no
I almost bought myself some not only is that the Stacy's brand is really good
but these are really good too these are almost better in some ways and they have
ones they have cinnamon and sugar ones at Trader Joe's too yes they do they
have cheddar they have all the different flavors very fucking delicious I give
props to pita chips hey our calls are coming in let's kick it off welcome to
the Orange Lounge Radio fuck show who's this it's a fucking spazzinator hey
fucking spazzinator it's been a long fucking time what's the latest with you
and Sony well you know at least in my fucking opinion this whole clock you
know fucking deal is you're putting another nail into the fucking coffin so
you know it just seems like fucking so you can't do anything right so but on a
positive note I did speak to Sony rep not too long ago and they gave me another
story saying that yeah once I send my system in they'll you know if they have
to send me another system they'll like reauthorize need to download all my
videos well that's what that being said I'm sorry did you start to say something
there no I was just gonna say at least they're offering that that seems like
fucking more than you got before yeah well even with that being said I still
say yeah pretty much fucking sucks you know I mean you know no one should have
to go through this kind of be out every single time you know something goes up
and it goes down you know I mean no like you know like I mentioned time and time
before you know I'm so of a big Sony fan of as you mentioned I tend to pimp out
you know this they have a dollar on your show fucking PSN is in your fucking
Twitter name like you are definitely a Sony fanboy and that's okay you know
you're you you've been pretty good you're not you're not like you've been
fair you give Sony a bad time when they deserve it and it's kind of sad that
Sony would be um no pissing off a loyal fan like you yeah yeah in fact there's
thanks for our question why I even bother with Sony you know you know
there's times where I think you know what screw it go call xbox xbox live and
give Sony the finger you know but hopefully everything in the long run
will work out I haven't set my system in just yet cuz I'm a few bucks short
cover the repairs I should have all the money in place on the 16th you know once
I get the money out to my card I'll send send my sister man and basically from
there we'll play for me or see everything if everything works out so
well good fucking luck to you spazz nator any other thing else you want to
get out with the last few seconds you have tonight I know I think I got
everything thanks all right well thank you very much straight yeah great
fucking show thank you really fucking appreciate it have a great fucking night
my man spazz nator poor guy having the Sony troubles and well at least they're
offer offering to re-authenticate another system but it's just such a big
pain in the ass why can't things just work why can't electronics just work you
buy them and you fucking expect them to fucking work back we have any last
minute stories to fucking get out there oh wait I got another call hold on one
minute dark soccer I'll let you jump in right after this call you're on the
Orange Lounge Radio fuck show who's this I was like a soccer who watching the
Oscars and doing this at the same time fuck the Oscars bunch of sucking each
other's dicks with these awards we all know it's gonna win doesn't fucking
matter they bumped it up to ten movies it's a two-movie race anyway all right
what's on your mind tonight I guess the the word fuck could probably apply to
someone probably some entity deserves a case-to-point Activision ha ha yes our
bad that happened recently what's your take on the whole fucking thing huh
what's your take on the whole fucking thing um I think I knew it was it was on
its way I think I knew was gonna happen it was a matter of when I mean the
writing was on the wall when infinity Ward was you know actually nixed the
dedicated servers modern warfare 2 you knew that is something that they
probably didn't want to do but they had someone's hand probably forced them so
it's kind of in other words the way I see it is that I don't know I guess
Activision is trying to bring forth the you know the great video game crash that
almost happened but never did are you talking about the one that happened in
the 80s because that really didn't happen it just you know the way you see
it is that you had you have a company that's um that's literally saturating
the market basically trying to bleed everything you know try to get all their
franchises dry and just like minimizing minimizing the amount of the amount of
properties that I sustain them in other words if if it only comes down to Tony
Hawk Hall of Duty Guitar Hero bringing bringing their only bird and butter
that's kind of dangerous I don't know if it's gonna cause another fucking video
game crash though I mean there's so many other reasons I mean you you get to the
point where we're guitar heroes you know it's pretty much pan no matter what what
new release comes out because they already know it's gonna be the same
thing same dribble it's not gonna be worth the effort I mean the last to
prove that point and when Tony Hawk you know Tony Hawk ride pretty much bombed
for all intents and purposes it goes to show that they're they're not innovating
we're just we're just releasing the same thing and trying to nickel and dime
people no innovation more renovation I think they try to innovate it's just it
sucked it's just the fact that they're not trying anything original like EA
based EA learning they're there they learn their lesson already that's why
so you see mirrors edge dead space Mass Effect because they're actually
realizing that you can't you can't you can't milk the same same cow over and
over and expect the the same result it just came down to where they they
basically had their control system in place and it worked okay for Tony Hawk
and then skate came out and had a slightly better control system that's
where EA basically knew how to innovate they found they found a way to create a
skateboarding game that was outside of the of the status quo outside of what
what Tony Hawk is offered so you see right there when you when you feel to
innovate the only thing you have is whatever you you know whatever you're
able to market and whatever you're able to litigate all right I got to jump in
and call time on the call because we're on three minute limit tonight but thank
you Zaku as always for your perspective all right great night later we do
appreciate Zaku's perspective and a gold fucking star for Zaku I did not hear much
bam bam bamming on the keyboard and I heard little little taps but no worse
than when Jamie points the mic at her keyboard all right love you mean it all
right Jamie you had a last-minute story for us tonight speaking of which while
we wait for another call at eight seven seven game olr on our fuck show I did
and it was oh geez sounds awfully loud I didn't it was when actually that our
good friend Martin left posted today and I thought it was really neat so I'm
going to share it um there is a there was a report that is about a guy named
Roy Williams who played through ocarina of time blindfolded to write a guide on
how to play the game only by using using sound clues so that a visually impaired
player could beat the game and so him and three other guys took two years to
write this but Jordan Verner who was living in Ontario beat the game isn't
that nice yeah that's it's cool and you know I know we have some blind gamers
listen to this show that you know often kind of talk about you know using the
kind of the sound cues in the games and being able to kind of play the games
that way and I think that's cool that people kind of go out of their way to
write things with sound cues and so forth and these FAQs so that everybody
can really enjoy video games in one way or another so I think it's a great story
okay we got more calls coming in sorry we've been ignoring the lines for a
little bit but let's go to another call hi you're on the orange ons radio fuck
show who's this it's about fucking time guys well really fucking sorry what's
your fucking name my fucking name is Ron mo from the New York OL army fucker all
right three fucking minutes what's on your fucking mind tonight dude I want to
know what the fuck is up with FF 13 what do you mean the black guy is sassy okay
so we both listen this sassy was one of the the adjectives I thought of when I
was playing the game too and I'm less in I'm sorry it's just that's he just comes
out kind of sassy you know you have to admit I'm a Barrett was kind of a little
bit fucking sassy too but it was freaking hardcore that yeah that was a
badass saws is sassy in a different way like dude Rama he has a fucking chocobo
living in his fucking afro I mean come on but there is you sense that there is
like again I don't want to give story spoilers but you sense that there is a
definitely deeper story to him he's not just completely transparent comic relief
they never they never Jansen Jansen was kind of sassy and lost Odyssey well they
never explained right away at least where I'm at why he's even with them
right now yeah but flashbacks will tell you a little later yes so it's all lost
style remember so but easy he's a little bit sassy I it's better than Rama you
after he's actually I will say he is my favorite character in the game right now
because everybody else is in my opinion kind of such a stereotype of the Final
Fantasy 7 characters in a way yeah yeah like I really I like him I think he's
really interesting in the chocobo in the afro is so fucking adorable like I see
like RuPaul sassy or just no no he's not like cheeky he's not like bitch you
better work he's just the calm is he cheeky a little bit he's a little bit
cheeky cheeky he's a little bit cheeky so sorry when you say sassy I think of
your sassy pants no that's a whole different kind I know but that makes me
think though of like RuPaul I don't know why but RuPaul makes me think sassy and
Tyra he does say and I had to laugh because of the lethal rep lethal weapon
reference I'm getting too old for this he does he does that no one is gonna
ever top Sid for the attitude sit your ass down in the chair and drink your
goddamn tea but Rama yeah be happy because I think they actually have a
black guy doing his voice well I will soon find out because I don't know if
you guys realize cuz Otacon is in a few fucking months and guess who's going to
have to cosplay this guy you are yes everyone's like you have to cosplay this
guy and I'm like oh fuck Rama he's pretty awesome he is it's it goes far
beyond the color of his skin he's just a good character and he has a fucking
chocobo in his fucking afro Rama okay okay now one more thing before I get the
fuck out of here does that make it does that make it a chocobo all right I like
that all right hurry the fuck up Rama time's almost up can I borrow somebody's
fucking Xbox 360 for the next few fucking weeks cuz we pre-ordered fucking
FF 13 and the roommates gonna be playing it so you know what that means I'm going
to need to get the jaws like to get him off it but if I try to get off he's
going to kick my fucking ass well Loki might be able to let you fucking borrow
one of the broken ones but in the meantime I think yeah you know the
broken ones are gonna really help you better that what the fuck you better let
put a call out to the New York City OL army and I know there's a lot of you any
fucking extra Xboxes out there help a brother out that's what's up yo all
right Rama got you go times up later dude later fucking great night
Ron is gonna come hang out with me this summer and so hold on we're on another
call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this one to the fuck show this is
a mega fucking 777 hello amiga fucking 777 what the fuck is on your mind
tonight motherfucking PlayStation 2 or the Dreamcast killer ah so you're one of
these bitter folks that the PlayStation 2 killed the Dreamcast and therefore we
should not be celebrating its birthday we should be celebrating this one step
closer to the grave yeah it it killed it we know it killed it and well amiga what
could the Dreamcast you think in retrospect what could the Dreamcast have
done to save itself gotten someone who is more skilled in marketing I guess
someone that could have said you know hey when it comes to porting or whatnot
you know the PlayStation 2 kind of isn't so good on this so you know our port of
this particular game is looking better or something like that you're in no way
related to the legend of Zaku by any chance are you high knock it off you know
I just got a quirky voice that's all right that's cool so do I I just gonna
say though if you were high then you've got one of those really cool stoner
voices no I seriously there are certain people who just have really cool stoner
voices you know what I mean no I do I do do you there's amiga is it all about
PlayStation 2 hatred like you won't even touch it or can you even come around and
admit okay there are there are some pretty fucking cool games on the ps2
there are some nice games but a lot of the good games you know didn't really
show up until like it was almost like halfway to was that its successor came
around you know ps3 and so I guess the only really good good good thing that
really I guess got me hooked was like was smugglers run which is a was a
launch title that's pretty awesome and an ffx that was really it everything else
yeah what no fan division I love fan vision really quickly we don't have a
lot of fucking time left isn't you said you're a fan of Final Fantasy 10 what do
you think Final Fantasy 13 you think you're gonna be on board with that or
fuck it oh hell no I am NOT in interest of any
next-generation consoles I have put up my wall here with the GameCube ps2
Dreamcast and maybe when I get another job Xbox you know what props to you
there's still a lot of great games to discover from the last generation
Final Fantasy 12 really good Dragon Quest 8 really good all towards the end of
that you know cycle for the news consoles came out anyway amiga gotta let
you go but just before I do I just want to say mod files for life amen amen to
that all right take care buddy seriously if you've never heard a mod file check
it out it's awesome they're online they're free they're probably still out
there I bet they have a win it plugins for them yeah we can do at least one
more call maybe sneak something in oh this one's been trying to get through
for a while welcome to the orange lounge radio fuck
show who the oh they hung up well fuck then I'll fuck them then no they
probably were trying to read out so fast to get in that they here it comes again
welcome to the orange launch radio fuck show who's this hello there hello other
Swede I like this we should have like you know how like and I'll credit your
this on your minutes you know how we have the the tester on PlayStation I
think we need to have like a throwdown contest on who gets to be the official
olr Swede I think we might say though I feel a bit stupid in the sense that well
I've missed that call you have that other sweet go I came over I don't know
if you've heard but we do this thing called a podcast and you can download
old episodes and listen to him whatever you want yeah I know but I but since
I've been listening live to you like for well like some time I'm like no well okay
Ripper I would love to bring the two Swedes together maybe um G what's the G
K's what Jesus Jesus maybe Jesus will email us and let us know the next
episode he'll be listening and we can have our sweet off oh I got it I got it
I got it I got it an old-fashioned game of olr match game we can have the sweet
off yeah it's true misty has a good point I came brilliant
okay Ripper is the original Swede you do get dibs on being first so nobody can
take that away from you so I was calling you know about like some apparently
something you I think you've already discussed on our first hour but still
mm-hmm I don't think I fucking touched on this that dark soccer to hit on this
whole thing so do do what the newest Sims expansion very I'm looking forward
to it as soon as I can get my old ones to run accurate reports way too excited
about this tell us about the new sims expansion but yeah the expansion is
called since ambition and it was all like uh-huh in a kind of way but still
it's like yeah new more things like that should soon well a quick roundup of some
sort well since I don't play in any MMOs nowadays I play since 3 as my response
of data digital crack the only ambition though that they don't have in there is
the ambition to be a porn star or stripper so I'm really not interested in
this expansion at all maybe my ambition is to host a crappy podcast on the
internet or maybe they strive to be my wall slave you know the person that I
trap inside my wall of death or drown in my pool what do you have like a sawhouse
in there or what's the deal that's what I do in my sims games it's basically you
know you you create a wall a room around the people you start them to death all
right I gotta ask okay Ripper times almost up so guys like okay Ripper
anything else you want to say about the Sims or anything else before we let you
go my friend I try to play since two since last week and I played for like a half hour and then no I'm getting going back to since three at least now we know
all right well really quickly in one word in one word okay Ripper why more
than one word that's more than one word but that's okay we'll let it go all right
okay Ripper take care everybody bye what love it I love Swedish people I really
do I swear to God I've got to visit Sweden before I die at some point at
least when they open the Abba Museum if nothing else mamma mia by the way the
big play based on all the songs because the Swedish people love it when I
compare when it whenever Sweden gets brought up I bring up Abba um one of the
the mamma mia play is coming to San Jose in 2011 and I have a friend that works
for the the production company that puts all this on and I'm like hey I really
want to I really want to go to this play and my friends like why do you fucking
love such a shitty show and I'm like cuz it's Abba shut up when 1877 game olr if
there's any more phone calls tonight's meanwhile Loki do you have any other
last-minute stories for us while we wait for the phone to ring I'm so disappointed
that all my Oscar picks would have won and I would have probably won money God
yeah this will this teach me they need to submit my Oscar picks when they
actually do them stop being so fucking lazy I am NOT lazy I'm just forgetful
seriously stop being so fucking yeah yeah actually yeah all of them except
for I think there's two that I missed I am happy to say that best short film
went to logo rama and that was fucking awesome as an awesome um what won the
song did one of the princess and the Frog songs well no it wasn't gonna be as
the one from crazy heart was the one that won the weary kind that was the
one of those trying to win anyways whatever the only ones that were surprising to me
that I didn't win would have been the hurt locker for both sound editing and
sound mixing but the rest the rest that all the ones I had picked wait one did
hurt locker beat avatar hurt locker won best picture Wow that's not really it
was trending twins so and now I don't care anymore all right well all right
we're on to the call hi you're on orange on this radio who's this
sex link hey how the fuck are you a lot better than I have been during the
beginning of week when I got 22 in my teeth pulled oh my gosh that's right I
heard you had the big big dental surgery well you're painful shit but you're
well you're talking now you sound pretty good so everything's better well well
I'm talking good right now because I don't have the dentures and I don't keep
them in 24-7 sighs well it's kind of hard at first I was drooling for a first
couple days looking like a fucking idiot but you know hey you know you live you
learn you do it very slowly so you know and it got me a lot of time to catch up
on a few games and such so I had a friend that had to have that done kind
of young like in the early 20s so it happens so all right well what's on your
mind you're not excellent um nothing much you know it's great to hear that
the DRM is finally cracked so this way during hurricane season I could sit down
with my laptop and play Assassin's Creed 2 and not worry about being connected
on to a fucking internet fee 24-7 so because you know it's a lot of times you
know during those down times it's good to sit there with a laptop and play a
couple games and get caught back up so you know and also the ps2 thing is I
have my ps2 fat I got the one the originals sing right across from me
still works perfectly after all these years with a bunch of my games still
going through so I mean you know how they get ps2 nothing but love for that
so I mean system that doesn't break or you know go down for two and a half days
you know when there's certain leap year issues with other consoles so you know
nice I like though that we kind of get the back-to-back calls about you know
ps2 love versus ps2 hate it's it's it's kind of cool not not hate just you know
well you know there's a shitload of games for ps2 right now I'm still going
through I mean I I came and started sitting here and tell you how many games
I got to go through for the ps2 I'm sitting right across I haven't even
touched or I went halfway through and you know and and you know and I still
have a lot of them and I'm planning on going through them before I even
consider to get a ps3 or anything like that because you know that's gonna be
more on my list so I mean you know between that my PSP and my PC games I'm
pretty much set for probably about almost a year give or take it it does
have one of the fucking largest libraries of video games just ever and
it's not stopping you know if you listen to Japanese release days there is still
fucking shit coming out for it now so it's yeah but unfortunately the American
version though is slowing down though yeah it depends the type of games you're
into they always be some fucking poker game coming out no actually like a poker
game for most a year all right I'm fucking smoking crack sorry 2008 was the
last poker game we had come out no the last few games we had come out on
PlayStation 2 or coming out they have a how to train your I can they actually
have a soccer Wars game that was coming out in PlayStation 2 getting the nice
little collector's edition treatment to that in April there's gonna be the Lord
of the Rings Aragon's quest you know Lord of the Rings for kids and yeah that's
pretty much that's it unless you're talking about maybe a few EA games but
even EA cutting them out now for sports stuff at least maybe Madden probably
will have a ps2 version I got it I got to jump in here cuz x-links three
minutes are up but quickly do you have any other quick final thoughts for us
nope that's pretty much about it that's all I had to say so all right feel
better soon buddy see you on well after a little bit thanks all right later all
right I think that's gonna do it for the sky plane tonight we got a lot of
listeners in tonight so thank you guys very much for the phone calls really
appreciate it if you didn't get through sorry guys I'm really fucking sorry but
you have to send us a fucking email mailbag at orange lounge radio.com I know
Loki's been fucking waiting to do some last-minute fucking stories right yeah
sure all right there's there's some interesting information apparently
Batman Arkham Asylum is getting the game of the year edition which was supposed
to be coming out over in the US and as far as I'm aware still is coming out
over in the US unless they well they've already answered they're not but
whatever anyways what's kind of neat about the game of the year edition though
if you may already have you know the version of the game you will actually be
able to play this game in stereoscopic 3d that's right it's gonna come with 3d
glasses and apparently use a technology called a tri-oviz 3d that will allow you
to view the game in 3d and doesn't rely on red and blue lenses meaning the
colors are preserved and apparently will work with HD and standard definition sets
which you know if that works now I think they should that sounds like a good idea
it sounds cheap speaking of good ideas coming from Warner Brothers okay well I'm
being sarcastic here they're in talks now to produce a space invaders movie
yes the movie industry has run out of ideas well at least they could do
whatever the fuck they wanted I mean it's like there's this big fucking plot
to space invaders aliens are invading earth shoot them Wow yes the space
invaders apparently the they're speculating that the film will be a big
bucked a big-budget action blockbuster held by some prolific director Sony has
filed us some patents for game demos apparently that will lose feature over
time which I have to say is the worst idea ever can't just fucking redownload
it well maybe you won't be able to maybe it's gonna be like those time trials you
know on the windows and stuff like that and why should I have to fucking
redownload say if I want to show a demo I play demo say for a game that you may
not be getting the lot of press or whatever and I want to show my friends
like for example wet wet I thought the demo was fucking awesome and I show my
friends and they got excited about it if I have to play the game again and the
features are removed that's gonna be pretty disappointing well it was cool
the first time I played it well what you have to do is you have to make another
PlayStation profile and have your friend sign in to play no apparently Ubisoft is
looking to take on Tony Hawk which shouldn't be too difficult at this point
and they're gonna put out Sean White skateboarding yes Sean White
apparently skateboards as well and unfortunately though in the screenshot
they have of Sean White snowboarding looks like a Geico caveman so I don't
know what's going on there because he certainly doesn't look like a Geico
caveman normally and yes so they're gonna be releasing that game apparently
and most likely on the Wii because that's where the last one came test
drive unlimited is getting a sequel coming out apparently this fall and to
playstation 3 Xbox 360 and PC and apparently the sequel will also have new
elements including day night cycles weather effects and vehicle damage and
hopefully the cops will figure out how to chase you down when you drive off the
road apparently our chatters are not big fans of my Muppet voice which I guess is
what that is let's see fucking Shahran and chat says so his next show the
Muppet show or something that would be awesome no hi okie frog here and welcome
to the OLR Muppet show doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo babies we
had that happen a couple episodes ago ok Ripper is the Swedish chef the Swedish
chef is racist I don't appreciate your racist joke
Alright. Uhhhhh...
Listen, frog!
So yeah. That's...
The O.L.R. Muppet Show is all about moi.
Wow, I fucking made Loki shut the fuck up.
No, I'm just rolling my eyes, and unfortunately you can't hear that on the radio.
Alright. Um...
I don't know, you people.
Yes, you do.
I'm hiding.
You're my BFF. Alright.
I know, Rob.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts tonight, because believe it or not, we're at the end of the fucking show.
I hope you enjoyed your fucking selves tonight.
Uh, it was a pretty fucking good time, and I'm sure we said the F word a lot.
I don't... Maybe we'll get a count after the podcast goes out. I don't fucking know. We'll see.
I didn't put a lot of fucking effort into it, unfortunately.
That's alright. At the beginning of the show, it had a lot more fucks in the end. It was a...
You get tired after a while.
You do. You do. But it's... I would say you almost have to have more intelligence to be able to incorporate the word fuck into your fucking sentences for a long period of time.
It takes some fucking creativity to do that.
So...
Alright. Um, thank you guys very fucking much for tuning in and supporting independent fucking radio.
We really fucking appreciate your support, and if you fucking like what you fucking heard, please go give us a really fucking nice review on fucking iTunes.
We really like five-star fucking reviews.
Uh, it doesn't just have to fucking be on iTunes, though. Just tell a fucking friend, you know, in real life. Project Real Life, right?
Tell some fucking friends what you heard on Orange Honch fucking radio, and, uh, tell friends to listen to shows.
But you might want to not have them fucking start with this episode.
Like, this should be, like, maybe the fourth episode you listen to. Don't have this be somebody's fucking first episode.
But just tell your fucking friends. Word of mouth. That's all we fucking got, because we're an independent fucking podcast.
Aw, yeah.
Um, that's it. Let's go around and hear everybody's fucking final thought tonight.
DarkSakura, what's your fucking final thought?
Uh, fuck.
Loki, your fucking final thought tonight?
Uh, we'll have to see where this thing goes with this guy ripping me off. Um, I don't know. It's, it's very annoying.
And my fucking final thought tonight is sassafras.
Good night, everybody. Have a great week. We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
P.S. Fuck.
See you next week.
