Today, March 21, 2010, the Xbox 360 is set to get USB storage, GameStop test perks for
loyal customers, and what Playstation 3 add-on is selling out in Japan.
Hello, my friends, and welcome to episode number 360 of Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm having trouble speaking tonight.
This bodes well for tonight's show.
The video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host,
not here right now, but will be here a little later, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie
Summers.
She's at another commitment right now, but she'll be here about 7, 7.30-ish Pacific time,
depending on when that is all over.
But never fear, I am joined by the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing tonight, Loki?
Doing fine.
Good.
At least he has chicken.
Once again, I noticed he stopped by KFC tonight.
Yeah, I don't know.
It sounded good again.
All right.
That's fine.
Also joining us tonight, we have a special guest.
He was here a couple of weeks ago, and he decided to come on back.
It is Salacious Pop, or Alan.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm good.
Yeah?
Yes, I'm going to try and talk a little bit more tonight.
You're going to try and talk more tonight.
Good, because you have to fill in for Dark Sakura because she's out.
But remember, those mics, not very sensitive.
So keep it.
Yeah.
A little stage fright last time I was on.
That's all right.
Tonight, you're going to be extra sassy.
Yeah, I hope so.
You're going to be our sassy gay friend on the show tonight.
A stupid bitch.
Have you seen those YouTubes?
Yes.
You didn't find them funny.
I'm not a fan.
Why not?
They're funny.
I don't know.
You're not a fan of the sassy gay friend?
Not their fan on Facebook?
Fine.
I think they're funny.
All right.
Forget it.
No, we tape live every week, of course, at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
It's 6 p.m. Pacific, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
If you're listening to us live, pull up a chair and join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com,
where we have the first comment tonight from Black Wolf, of course, our good pal who does
the show before us here at All Games, saying in our chat room, Sky broke into Dark Sakura's
house.
And X-Link follows that up with, Loki picked the lock.
No, Dan is here, folks.
Dan, the man let us in.
I didn't come until way later.
He's in the gaming vault right now, and I don't know what he's playing, but he's playing.
He was playing Otomedius Gorgeous.
Ah.
I sold my Japanese 360.
Oh, very cool.
Okay.
Yeah, I wondered why you brought a 360 to the show tonight, and I thought it might be
because this is episode number 360, and I was like, oh, are we going to take one apart
live on air?
And I was like, well, that's going to be shitty radio.
Could do that.
I have to.
Yeah.
It's not very exciting, but you could do that.
Yeah, especially when it's a radio show, it's more exciting to hear you bitch about the
guy that stole your 360.
How's that going, by the way?
The cops ever do anything about that?
No, not yet.
Sorry to hear it.
Bastards.
All right.
Well, we always start off the show with a little bit of how was your gaming week.
So tonight we'll start with Loki, usually ladies first.
But since there are no ladies, Loki will have to be our lady tonight.
I will not be your lady tonight.
That's okay.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Very uneventful, actually, because I don't know what I was playing this week, but not
a lot of new things, I guess.
More Grand Theft Auto as usual.
Still not enough Grand Theft Auto, I think, because I find myself kind of in a flux as
far as going up the leaderboards, just because other people are playing it more than I am.
So I go up a lot and then I come back down.
And I go up a lot and come back down, because other people are playing it and getting ahead
of me.
So that's not a big deal.
My TrueSkill stuff, though, I occasionally lose a game to my co-workers.
And unfortunately, the level I'm at now, I'm so high that it knocks me down quite a bit
for just losing a game by like a few bucks.
Thankfully, though, I'm not going to allow that to happen anymore.
And so it's going pretty well.
I think I'm like ranked 75 now or something like that in TrueSkill, which is not bad.
This week, though, I am looking forward to being able to hopefully play against some
of the Rockstar employees, because I know they're going to be doing their event on Tuesday
during, like, I think it goes from 1 to 4 Eastern.
I'm not positive, but I think that's time frame.
Maybe, no, 4 to 7 Eastern, that's right.
Won the 4 my time.
So I'm looking forward to playing some of them.
And then other than Grand Theft Auto, I played more Final Fantasy XIII.
I finally made it to the second disc, now at Palimporum.
And weren't those, like, character names from, like, Final Fantasy II or something like that?
It's Palim and Porum, but the way they spell it in XIII is a little different.
But I kind of am convinced it is a nod a little bit to Final Fantasy IV.
Because I was like, hey, that's a name from something else.
And what is up with Cid being bad?
I mean, first off, Cid doesn't look like Cid.
OMG, spoilers!
There's supposed to be a six month moratorium on spoilers, remember?
Well, everybody knows that Cid doesn't look like Cid because they had pictures out there already.
Fine.
I figured that out.
Fine.
And, you know, and he may be evil, he may not be evil.
He still has an airship thing, some sort of ship.
But it's, like, emo Cid.
Wasn't Cid bad in XII?
I never played XII.
I can't remember.
I want to say I read, I didn't get far enough, honestly, but I want to say I read somewhere that he was bad.
XII.
And I know Cid never looks like Cid, but come on, man.
I mean, it's a stretch right now.
Whatever.
And then, what else?
So, yeah, it's kind of moving along.
And, you know, I'm to the point now where I'm just running past a lot of the battles because I just don't want to fight them anymore.
I just keep going.
Well, you can do that because you cheated.
You're a cheating cheater, and you put in some code that gives you the 99,000 damage every time you strike.
And the first thing Loki bitches about when he gets to your studio, I don't know why the game won't give me the trophy, because you're a cheater.
Cheaters don't win.
Well, I'll play it again, but I just won't cheat that way.
I'll do something else.
Yeah, right.
I think you're going to be like, oh, my arcade cabinet, or oh, Grand Theft Auto IV.
Speaking of cheating, though, that reminds me, I played more Borderlands this week.
I finally loaded up the new expansion a little bit, just because I'm trying to raise my level cap again.
And then we played a little bit of the zombie island of Dr. Ned, and that was kind of fun.
Of course, everything's level 30 right now, we're level 50, so it's quite easy.
But it's neat popping heads off of zombies and taking their brains.
And then, yeah, that's pretty much it, I think.
All righty.
Alan, how was your gaming week?
What kind of stuff you played this week?
Pretty good.
Played some Robot Unicorn Attack.
Was that inspired by OLR?
Yeah, kind of, yeah.
Lots of WoW, World of Warcraft, and oddly enough, a lot of Bejeweled and Peggle within World of Warcraft, so kind of meta.
Some Warcraft III, actually, going back to 2002.
Picking it old school in Warcraft III.
Blizzard just updated a patch for Warcraft III to fix some exploits.
Why now? I mean, it's so far out, it's like, why bother?
They're awesome and they support their games forever.
How long have the exploits been available?
Like, were the exploits just found a couple months ago or something?
I think they're just from the previous patch from a year ago, and I guess they're really obscure.
But yeah, there's so much lore in World of Warcraft that I just launched three to play a few missions from that for nostalgia.
So that's about it.
That's it for your gaming week?
Well, we played a bunch of games this morning.
You're going to let me talk about it, huh?
That's all right. I don't get into it.
You feel free to chime in, but I want to go to our chat room, chat.orangelauncher.com.
LiquidParrot says, I remember taking down Sky's high score in Bejeweled on Facebook by cheating.
Needless to say, it was frowned upon.
Yes, because cheating cheaters are rude.
Especially in multiplayer environments.
Like, I don't care that, I don't really care that Loki cheats on Final Fantasy 13.
Like, if he wants to ruin the game for himself by doing that, fine.
Have fun. I don't care.
Okay, but...
I've turned it into a more casual game.
Now I don't have to waste my time.
No, and you have managed to make it be nothing but cutscenes of Final Fantasy 13.
It's all it is anyway!
I was going to say, you took the...
You managed to take what little game there actually was out of Final Fantasy 13.
You're like, Odin battle? Ha!
Actually, the Odin battles, or the, um...
The battles against the summons are actually difficult still, because you have to do combo damage to them,
not necessarily damage damage to them.
So, it's still as difficult as it would normally be.
Everything else, so...
Right through it.
It's like, oh no, this monster's gonna be really hard.
Tap.
Okay, that's done. Thank god.
I don't wanna have to sit here for fifteen minutes.
Alright.
Uh, as long as...
Like, how long did it take you to get to that part in the game?
I'm only six hours in.
And that's how far...
Wait, and you're at Palimporum?
Yeah.
And you're six hours in?
Six.
I'm just about where you are, and I'm probably...
It probably took me about fourteen hours to get there.
I think I spent about the last couple hours in Palimporum.
See, that's how quick that, you know...
Oddly enough, I didn't play Final Fantasy 13 at all this week.
I've just been distracted with...
I don't know how many of you heard the call on Bobby's show tonight,
but I have a lot going on in my personal life.
Like, I'm gonna be changing my day job in the next couple weeks, which is big.
And then, you know, I just moved recently.
So, and then, you know, Boston's coming up too,
which, honestly, I haven't given as much thought to, but that is definitely on my mind.
So, I haven't had as much gaming time until the weekend,
when Alan and I just played a crapload of stuff this weekend.
So, sadly, I haven't really been in Final Fantasy 13.
And some folks in chat kinda arguing about the Odin battle.
I lost the first time, and then once I did the Libra...
And Alan can vouch for this, because he was there.
I did the Libra and read that he was weak to chain attacks, and I was like,
oh, just use a Ravage Ravage in your party.
Easy.
Well, they're all weak to chain attacks.
Well, him especially.
It said something like, I don't know, but for some reason that just worked.
Like, you just keep switching between Ravage and Medic.
And that's not really a spoiler, because the one thing I think a lot of people,
when they're first getting into Final Fantasy 13, sometimes forget,
and I'll just kinda put this pro tip out there, and then I'll get into other games this week.
Keep in mind when you're trying to fill a stagger bar.
Ravagers increase that bar quickly.
Commandos maintain it.
So, if you are trying to get, like, especially, like,
if you're in the part where you're fighting, like, the Metal Armadillos,
or whatever, that takes forever to kill,
remember that you can use a team of all Ravagers.
You just need to paradigm shift over and get a Commando in there once in a while
to make sure the bar doesn't drop too fast.
But then you can switch right back to Ravagers.
So, learning kind of the difference between the Commando and the Ravager is key.
Because honestly, their attacks, about the same amount of damage.
The Synergist is like a Red Mage.
Yeah, and your Synergist is a Red Mage, basically.
And, but Hope and Saws are completely different types of Synergists,
which is interesting.
Anyhow, I don't want to get too much into FongSC-13 spoilers,
because I know there's people that haven't even touched it yet,
but I'm trying very hard not to give story spoilers.
There's still that one little revelation I picked up on last week
that I'm like, I really want to find out if that's for real,
what I'm thinking, or if I'm just making shit up in my head.
There's another little twist that you figure out later on.
I like how the way they kind of addressed it, you know,
because you're like, way a second,
what's that person doing in that cutscene?
You know, that type of thing.
I, you will see, we'll see.
Ionotropic in chat wants to know,
how do you read the info after using Libra?
I hit the R1 button.
That's on PS3, I imagine.
It's the right shoulder button.
360, it's the trigger of the shoulder, yeah.
It's the slow button.
OK, other stuff I've actually been playing this week.
Quite a bit, thanks to The Weeknd and Alan being here.
OK, the one I know people in chat want me to talk about,
we had just a spur of the moment, impromptu battle
with Undersedation Live last night in Perfect Dark.
So the Saturday night show on all games,
Undersedation Live, Travis and Breslull,
it was their off week,
because they're bi-weekly right now,
or what is it, no, bi-monthly is when you're every other week
because they have Sakura Con on the horizon
and John's really busy.
So they're only every other week right now.
So this was their off week.
So they were on Perfect Dark last night really late.
And I kept getting all these messages,
like we signed on to play something else.
What were we playing last night on 360?
I don't remember, we started to play something else,
Rock Band, I think,
because we were gonna do the Gaga Pack and Rock Band.
So we started to get in and do that.
And then we get this message from John that was like,
dude, come play Perfect Dark with us.
And here's the thing that I have to admit,
like I know this is gonna surprise a lot of people,
but I never played Perfect Dark on the Nintendo 64.
Anyone know something else?
I never played Goldeneye either.
Like I watched people play it, but I never played it.
Don't judge me, OK?
There was other shooter games I played.
I played Doom, I played Quake, I played Duke Nukem.
I just never got around to playing Goldeneye
because I didn't get a 64 until really late in the game.
And by that point I just kind of bought it
from Mario Party and Pokemon Snap.
Don't judge me!
So somehow I never played Perfect Dark.
So, but they were like, you gotta get it, you gotta get it.
And I played the demo earlier in the day
before Alan showed up and I was kind of like, OK,
well, I don't know, I don't really get this.
Like I see how it's Nintendo 64
and it definitely looks like they put a lot of work
into the overhaul of this, but I don't know.
I just, I don't really get this, whatever.
But I'm like, it wasn't bad.
It was just, you know, I just,
I think this would mean more if I held in my memories.
So I finally, he berates me with a message.
Travis sends me a text message going,
you pussy, play Perfect Dark with us.
And then Misty's getting in on it.
Like people, just everybody's just berating me.
So I'm like, fine!
I will fucking come play Perfect Dark with you
and shoot you on the face.
So luckily enough, the Perfect Dark multiplayer
is cool enough where both Alan and I
could sign into our respective Xbox accounts
on the same console and play like the split screen.
And we were in a match.
So in the match was Travis, John, Misty, myself, Alan,
that Nick guy who I haven't talked to, but he was there.
Matt joined us for later matches.
And was that it?
It was like seven of us.
And so after Matt joins, he hooks up his soundboard
and he's playing like all these Duke Nukem sounds
through my speaker, like, oh yeah, and all these things.
Like, I'm just like, God damn it.
Everybody's laughing so hard,
partially because I think most of them were drunk.
Like I think John and Nick were drunk.
I don't know.
But so we had fun and I was running around.
Like I didn't know what I was doing, but I figured it out.
Like at first I was like, why can't I jump?
And I'm like, oh, that's right.
It's Perfect Dark.
You can't jump at Perfect Dark.
And I can't hate on it because you can't really jump in.
No, you could jump in Quake.
Could you jump in Doom?
No, you couldn't jump in Doom.
So, okay.
So I'm just like, okay, I have to approach this like Doom,
but you can and I figured out you can walk in the ladders
and go up ladders that way.
Like I figured that out after a few minutes.
And it was cool cause I got to like punch John
in the face a couple of times and it was fun.
It was fun.
And then there was this weird like clipping thing
that happened where somehow I ended up below Alan
whose character was on top of me
and I was punching him in the vagina repeatedly.
Cause I had no gun.
So it was like, I was just punching him in the skirt region.
And did I kill you?
I don't know.
I think, I think finally you like thought to look down
and shoot me in the head.
Yeah.
And I died.
It was sad.
So, but Perfect Dark was fun.
We had a blast playing that last night, actually.
It was, it was $10 well spent.
So I understand why people are all excited
cause it's, it's, it's a good multiplayer game.
Like everybody was having fun.
I felt bad for Alan
cause I only have the one wireless headset.
So I had that on.
And even though I had the mode on where you can, you know,
on your 360, you can do headphone and speakers.
You can't hear shit through the speakers.
You can't.
Like I think Alan,
could you hear anything at all coming through the speakers?
Yeah. Well the,
them talking through the TV speakers
along with the game effects, not really.
Like you can kind of tell people are talking,
but I had no idea what was going on.
And Matt's in chat right now going,
although Rob used his boyfriend as a decoy several times.
Well, what we thought to do later on is we were like,
is that you?
Yeah. Is that you?
Okay. Let's walk around together and try to find John.
And it's and assault him that way.
But that, that didn't work out very well.
Well, I was running around unarmed
just so that people could shoot me.
So I wasn't really playing for real,
which is really sort of shitty.
Oh, sure. Sure.
Well, I had zero kills the last two matches.
You were letting us win Alan.
Of course.
I was just running around being stupid.
I don't like first person shooters on consoles.
I'll bring in my other wireless communicator.
Cause I have one of those.
We, I brought it into our game room area at work
so that we could talk to people
and berate them if we wanted to.
But instead my coworker decides to go ahead
and take it and say, I'm Loki.
I'm stupid.
I'm like, okay, you're not having that anymore.
Nice.
I love you such and such player.
It sounds very dark.
I'm like damn you.
Nice.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You hate first person shooters on consoles.
Yeah. So I can do it,
but I'm more of a stickler for the mouse and keyboard.
So I was being stubborn.
I was being stubborn.
That's right.
Because you're like a half-life geek.
That's something I have to remember.
You like half-life is like God to you, right?
Yes.
Okay. So all this other stuff is crap.
All right.
But have you ever played the orange box on 360
or is that like sacrilege to you?
I downloaded the demo for it,
which is the beginning of half-life episode two on the 360,
just to, you know, played it for about half hour.
Decided I didn't like the controls.
Okay. So you're one of those PC elitists.
That's fine.
That's cool.
All right. So other gaming week.
So then we played rock band.
We finally got around to playing the Gaga songs
in a rock band.
And I'll say this cause I sent it to Bobby on his show.
Cause he was talking about how he bought
the Eric Cartman poker face.
That poker face Cartman thing is the kind of thing
that's like funny once.
Like I couldn't see myself playing that song over
and over again.
Cause I liked the song.
Like it's funny once,
but if you have a lot of people that come to your house
to play rock band, like you throw the rock band parties,
it's, you know, it's going to,
somebody inevitably is going to pull that song up
at a party and go, I want to sing the Cartman poker face.
Ah ha ha ha.
But we played it once and we were like, ha ha next.
Well, you can at least do like a South Park medley
at least now cause you've got a couple songs.
Timmy, right?
Yeah.
And then we, then we squealed
cause we were able to play bad romance.
Let's see.
Ah, then what else today?
Okay. So today, what did we do?
We fired up the 360 and I don't know,
do we have intention on playing anything?
I think we were like,
let's find something co-op that we can both play.
Yeah. Right.
So I'm looking through my game collection
and we get to beautiful Katamari and I'm like,
you know what?
I didn't play this game that much
cause I didn't really like it,
but I hear it has co-op and versus.
So let's try that.
Cause maybe that'll make the game more fun.
So we pop it in and by the way,
I don't have a second PS3 controller.
So we had to do 360 today.
So just so you know.
So we put in beautiful Katamari and I'm like,
okay, let's do co-op mode.
And I was kind of surprised.
Oh, it's not split screen.
Oh, we're controlling the same Katamari.
So Alan and I are trying to play
and we just keep rolling the Katamari in a giant circle.
Like, and there's nothing on the screen to tell you
like so-and-so is tilting the wrong way.
It's just, it was bad.
Like there was nothing to do.
It just splits the twin stick controls
between the two people.
And it's, yeah, I wasn't feeling it at all.
No, it was terrible.
After like 30 seconds, Alan was like,
turn it off, turn it off.
So he decided to do versus.
Cause it's like, okay,
I've seen a picture of a split screen
on the back of the box.
I know this has to have like a two player true mode in it.
Sure enough versus is split screen.
And when we were going to the stage select,
we're like, oh, home.
I'm like, okay, cool.
It's going to be like, who can make the biggest Katamari?
This will be fun.
Okay, now this will be great.
No, the battle was roll up the most clothes pins
in one minute, go.
And it's like this generically square playing field
with a bunch of clothes pins.
And it was roll up as many as you can.
And he tried to crash into the other Katamari once in a
while and make them lose clothes pins.
And so we play that and I was like, this is not fun.
So we decided to play the world.
I'm like, okay, let's do the hardest stage
and see what it is.
So it was now you're in a much bigger square playing field
and you're going to roll up houses.
And I was like, this is shit.
Like I think I literally said after it was over
and it's not just because Alan beat me,
but I was like, this is shit.
And I threw my controller down.
It was shit.
It was not fun.
Like a versus Katamari game should be so much better.
I don't know if they got it right on PS3.
You know, I, even in the single player mode,
the PS3 is the better game than the 360.
And that has nothing to do with the consoles themselves.
Don't start the console wars with me.
It's just that for what, you know,
beautiful Katamari came first and they made mistakes.
So maybe they fixed them with the PS3 one.
I don't know, but the PS3 Katamari forever
or whatever is superior to the 360 one.
Now I haven't even played the co-op or versus.
So after that was terrible, we decided to go into arcade.
And we were just kind of looking through arcade games
to play and I was like, okay, Alan, what do you want to play?
Like, what don't you have yourself?
And he's like, oh, you have double dragon.
Let's play that.
I'm like, okay.
Like I think I played this for like five seconds
when I first downloaded it back when I would just
download arcade games to download them.
Like you saw how many arcade games I have on 360, right?
It's and then you cry thinking of all the starving children
that I could have fed with that money, yeah.
So we go into play double dragon and I don't know, Alan,
can you, it's.
That game does not stand to the test of time.
That game is terrible.
It's terrible.
I feel bad for all of the $5 bills
that I extorted from my mother and grandmother.
This game's really hard at the, you know,
at the arcade little nine year old me playing a bad game.
It's awful.
It's one of those games I think we really see
through rose colored glasses or whatever they call it.
Like remember better from our childhood.
Like I, and I don't know if it's just the 360 port
or whatever, but there's fricking slow down and flickering
and the game is just fucking cheap.
Like, like don't press down too much.
You're going to fall off the edge.
And it's like this horrible collision detection in the game
and then finally, when we got to the end,
we had to battle each other to see who got
the big titty girl and it was like the worst fight
in the entire world that we did.
And finally I somehow won, even though Alan hit me
with a baseball bat like 50 times,
all I did was I had to pull his hair a few times and I won.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that the three punches
does way more damage than the baseball bat
because I hit you about eight times.
Yeah, so we played our way through double dragon
and we were like, what the hell are we thinking as children?
This game was better, it was better on the NES, honestly.
I would rather play the NES version of double dragon
than the 360 version and that's awesome.
The NES version was awesome.
Yeah, although now I'm worried.
I'm like, God, I wonder if I'm just remembering
that one more fondly than I deserve to or what.
No, it's just like Contra, like Contra on the arcade.
I didn't really care for it, but on the NES it was cool.
Vidpower in chat says 50,000,
you scored 50,000 points on double dragon
from the movie The Wizard.
Dude, if you can score like 50,000 points on double dragon,
that actually is really impressive.
Like I have a lot of respect for a gamer that can do that
now after seeing how fucking cheap that game is.
Like I kid you not, the last boss will shoot you
in the back with a gun and you will die instantly.
Insert quarter to continue.
Like what the hell, no wonder they removed that game
from Xbox Live Marketplace, it was bad.
So then I said to Alan, I was like, well fuck it,
let's just make it a bad game day.
And so that's when I reached for Fusion Frenzy 2.
Yes, the game I spent $60 on when it first came out,
I decided to pop it in because I'm like, Alan, no,
you have to see how fucking terrible this game is.
So we played like what, for, which by the way,
if you've never played Fusion Frenzy 2,
it's kind of like Xbox's answer to Mario Party,
but with a more like science fiction future theme.
So we flew to the planet Moisture to do some battle
in some water.
No one should ever fly to the planet Moisture.
To do some battle in some water themed stages.
And Alan, what were your thoughts on Fusion Frenzy 2?
It was emotional abuse and I'm upset
and I need to call a shelter.
Gamer's spouse abuse.
What was so bad about it?
Just the host was in like his pink jumpsuit
with the spiky hair and you could tell that it was sort of,
you know, edgy, like designed by committee.
And it was really just sort of the showgirls of party games,
but without any of the breasts or anything
that makes showgirls great.
It was awful.
Dude, showgirls of party games be awesome.
Wait, wait, Dan, Dan, Dan,
we got to get Dan on mic with that.
Can you hand Dan the mic real quick?
My Double Dragon score is 68,920.
Can I shake your hand, sir?
I want to shake your hand.
You are a gaming stud, sir, Dan.
Now, Dan.
I have to say for the record,
I'm listening to you guys talking here.
Your opinions about games are all crap.
The arcade Contra is awesome.
I like Contra.
Double Dragon rules.
Wait, wait, wait.
When did I say shit about Contra?
I did.
Oh, you did.
Loki did.
Well, fuck Loki.
All right.
Double Dragon rules.
Double Dragon sucks.
It has slow down.
It has flicker.
It's cheap.
The weapons don't do shit.
Yeah.
It's all about the elbow punch.
But you are right.
There are no good Katamari games except for the first one.
What other games?
I will say this, to Double Dragon's credit,
there are no other games where you get assaulted
by transsexual bitches carrying whips.
Like no other game do the trannies come out
and force you to try to kick your ass.
Like I can't, I can't think of any.
Streets of Rage 2.
Yeah, very good point, yes.
Fine.
Yet again, I get upstaged by Dan on this fine program.
Fine.
OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
All right, let's see.
So what else?
What capped off our bad game day?
Oh yes.
I told Alan, I said, okay.
I said, this game is literally worse than Yaris.
And Alan goes, Yaris?
Like the car?
That's a car.
That's a car, right?
And I'm like, yeah, it's a car,
but don't you know the game Yaris?
And he's like, no, they made a game out of Yaris.
I'm like, turn off the,
we gotta go to the arcade right now
and play Yaris right now.
And the minute you launch the game Yaris,
for those that forgot because it's been a few years
and I'm gonna bring back all your haunting memories
of the past.
The game starts with a Yaris like driving,
or no, no, there's like a little robot spider on the ground
and then it pans out and a big Yaris drives in
and a robot claw comes out of the hood
and like zaps the robot spider.
And I look over at Alan and Alan just has this like,
what?
Look on his face.
I thought it was like a Pixar intro,
like a cute car animation.
Like, all right, this is the opening sequence of the game.
No, that is the game.
You're shooting, you're shooting little gas pump spiders.
Yeah, so then I made Alan, I made him play a race.
I was like, no, you need to play a really bad game
and see what this is like.
So I made him play a race and that's when he started going,
this is rape, this is emotional rape.
I don't like it, this is bad.
And then, yeah, so what'd you think of Yaris?
I am very happy to hear that it was free.
And for promotional purposes only, so.
And then finally, once that was over,
I redeemed myself with some Fatal Fury special.
So I got something good in.
And not only is it bad in the fact that the game
is just horrible and of poor quality,
it also is bad in the fact that it led the way
to pirating Xbox Live arcade games on modified consoles.
Thank you, Yaris exploit.
All right, that's-
So there is no good redeeming value about that game
other than the fact that it can make the bottoms
of worse lists and stuff like that.
Um, yeah, I don't know what else to say about that.
I mean, it's kind of funny though,
because we also, somehow we forgot to mention,
we were playing Puzzle Fighter II
over the weekends on my own.
That's a game by Backbone Entertainment, did that game.
They also did Yaris, and you're kind of like,
my, my, how the mighty have fallen.
But I guess everybody's allowed one crappy title,
I don't know.
I randomly played Boom Boom Rocket again today too.
I don't know, I realized I was missing
one stinking achievement in that game.
So I kind of went back to go see if I could get it
and it involved playing some very hard songs.
But apparently I'm still number one on my friends list.
Woo!
So I don't know, I'll have to go in
and try to play that a little more.
Cause I, the last time I had played Boom Boom Rocket
was probably two and a half years ago.
So, anyhow, let's get into some gaming news here
and some housekeeping.
Real quick, of course, if DarkSakura was here,
you know, she's not here to tell you about her gaming week,
but I'm sure she would say something like,
I played Star Trek Online and Pagle on my iPhone.
And yeah, all right.
Anyhow, we'll let her talk about her gaming week
when she gets here.
Housekeeping tonight.
First off, I want to give a big thank you
to some of the people behind the scenes at OLR.
I mean, obviously we have a lot of people
behind the scenes that make things work.
Deep Man and VX JasonXV who do the website.
But also Dark Tetsuya does a lot of work
for kind of like writing on the website once in a while.
And I know Act F does some work with him as well.
And I know Dark Tetsuya and Misty kind of got together
for this side project that is the OLR best hits.
And it's the greatest hits, if you will,
of like our first 20 episodes.
And when I mean our first 20 episodes,
I mean the first 20 episodes from 2002
back when we talked about nothing but DDR.
So it's done, it's up, and you can download it.
The only thing I want to warn you about,
it was a totally different show back then.
And also something that I think they didn't mention
in the audio, which is fine.
But when we started the show, our live 365 feed,
because you know the all games partnership
didn't happen till like 06-ish, 07 maybe?
I can't, gosh, time flies.
But so when we first started our show,
we were on our own live 365 station.
And we were running a modem friendly, dial up friendly,
56K friendly radio stream.
So the audio quality was not that great.
So I just want to warn you, if you're gonna go check it out,
keep in mind, the audio may hurt your ears a little bit
because it was dial up friendly.
But if you want to hear the kind of stuff
we talked about a year ago, it's pretty cool.
So I really want to-
A year ago.
I'm sorry, years ago.
I want to thank Dartisia for putting that together.
It's pretty funny.
All right, you can find that at orangelaundraded.com.
It's right there on the front page.
Other housekeeping tonight.
We do have a list list coming up in part B tonight
because it is our 360th episode.
So we have a list list tipping our hat to the Xbox 360
tonight.
So we'll get into that a little later on in the show in part
B. But if you want to vote, you have
to be in our chat room, chat.orangelaundraded.com.
All right, let's get into some actual gaming news.
Because Alan and I have been talking
about a lot of old games.
So let's get into some new games and, oddly enough,
some 360 news.
Yes, Loki?
Yes, this week we had some images leak out
of a possible slimmed down 360.
And much like images leaked out before of a 360
with an HDMI port on it, I have to say this is probably
going to happen too.
And it kind of coincides with a lot of other stuff
we'll probably be talking about a little bit later.
But it shows, obviously, there's a couple new internal plugs
for SATA cords and stuff like that.
So it's thought that perhaps the hard drive is
going to be internal, much like the PS3.
Also, they've combined the GPU and CPU into one chip.
And it's got an actual kind of a different cooling system now,
just more like a traditional heat sink and fan.
Also, the memory card slot is missing.
But once again, that kind of gets
into something we'll be talking about probably
a little bit later.
But it's interesting.
And I have a feeling this is probably
going to be out by the end of this year.
I will bet you anything.
Probably around the same time as Project Natal.
Yeah, definitely.
I think it'll come out in conjunction with Natal.
I bet it'll be announced at E3.
Do you think Natal's built into this thing?
No.
I don't think it is.
I think it's going to be just an accessory.
I just think the system's going to be slimmed down kind
of to appeal to more of like the Wii crowd type thing.
Maybe they're going to drop the price on it or something.
Now what's the source of these pictures?
Because I want to try and figure out how true this is.
Because remember guys, this is a rumor.
So what's the source of these pictures?
The source, it's apparently from some Chinese tech forum.
Apparently it was, I'm thinking that it's probably
leaked from some sort of production line.
The same type of forum leaked up some other revisions of.
Yeah, I seem to remember the first PS3 slim info
was coming from an Asian web forum.
Because that's what the factory was making some of the parts.
Yeah.
And there's some things on here.
I mean, you'll notice there's like developer headers
on there, these on the current 360s
are where people do the JTAG exploits and stuff like that.
Obviously this will probably be fixed on this console
when it comes out.
Stuff like that and different like power headers and whatnot
that are, I mean this one looks like the CD-ROM or the DVD
drive and then probably they're going
to have one that's going to plug into the SATA drive
if it's going to be internal.
So it's interesting.
OK, so Loki, on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being this
is a fucking lie and 10 being this is fucking happening.
How true is this rumor?
I'd say it's probably 10.
That's a pretty big bet, all right.
Well, it's where there's smoke, there's fire.
And yeah, I realize that we're only a few weeks away
from April Fool's Day, but come on.
I mean, it just makes sense that they would do this.
And like I said, with the other news that's coming out,
it makes sense why certain things are missing from this.
So yeah.
Spyro in our chat room, chat.orangelandrater.com
says, we already have normal 360s.
We don't need slimmer ones.
Yeah, that's what the PS3 people said too,
but now they have slim PS3s.
And it was the best move they made.
Well, they made the cost of the console cheaper
by consolidating some parts and taking
some things that weren't really used very commonly out.
What did they take out of the other PS3 model?
Was it USB?
They took out USB ports and stuff like that.
But yeah, it's just slimmer dies and parts get cheaper.
Well, and that's my other thought
is that, OK, part of why I think there is a lot of truth
to this is that it makes sense that they're trying to
consolidate some of the parts because you're talking
about a price reduction.
Because how awesome would it be if Microsoft
gets the price low enough where they can launch a 360
console with Natal for $199?
So that's what they charge for their low-end 360 now, right?
$199?
What if they could do that with Natal for $199?
I mean, that's a pretty big kick in the pants to Nintendo
come this Christmas season.
Although if that were to happen, it's not out of the question.
Nintendo might say $99 a week.
It might not make a difference.
So I think right now at the point,
I mean, $99 a week would be kind of cool
because then people will be like, oh, yeah,
I'm going to definitely pick up one of those.
But picking up a system doesn't mean you're
going to buy the games for it.
I mean, look at all these people that
bought just the Wii for Wii Sports.
And that's all they're playing.
And they're not buying Wii Sports Resort.
And they're not buying anything else.
They're just playing Wii Sports.
Or like me, I haven't played the Wii in months.
Neither have I. In fact, I was going to hook it up this week
to play Rondo of Blood, which for some reason
is on our show all night.
It finally got its release on Monday, which is exciting.
It's because Jamie's not here for part A tonight.
So that's how we missed it.
But Rondo of Blood came out.
And I was like, oh, I should hook up the Wii and download it.
But then I was like, let's play terrible games on the 360
instead for whatever reason.
So I don't know.
Alan, I know you already own a 360.
But do you think there's anything here
that maybe somebody who already has a 360
might want to get one of these?
Do you think there's anything in here
for us gamers that probably already have one?
Maybe to trade up so that hopefully the Red Ring of Death
isn't an issue.
Well, the rumor is that these are going
to be 45 nanometer chips.
So those are pretty stable.
I mean, heat wise, it uses a lot less electricity,
a lot less heat.
And it looks like the way that they have it right now,
if it is going to be slimmer, it's
literally going to be heat sink fan opening to the case.
I mean, there's no elaborate ducting system
with fans blowing air and stuff like that.
It's just, it's straight out of the case.
So I mean, I would assume it's going to be more stable.
I mean, even the new consoles now are more stable.
So there may be a little bit of bugs worked out.
But we'll have to see.
And hopefully they've learned their lesson.
They're going to test their consoles quite a bit.
I just think it's going to be interesting
if they do decide to put an internal hard drive in there.
Then I wonder if they're looking to say, hey,
we're not going to try to make tons of money
off these hard drives now.
Because I would assume that maybe you
can upgrade your own hard drives.
And even if you can't, I mean, the modding community
out there, now that it has the standard SATA ports on it,
you're going to be able to upgrade your own hard drive.
Out of curiosity, could this, you know,
you brought up modding.
And you've talked a lot about the different mods out there,
like the J tags and so forth, the 360s.
Do you think part of this is to combat modding?
Maybe.
I mean, because the J tags stuff right now,
I mean, they've already patched it out.
It's just you have to have an old enough,
basically an old enough firmware to be able to run it.
And a lot of the consoles now are,
especially the ones being released now,
have firmwares that you can't drop back down.
But they're figuring out how to mod different consoles.
Because there's the ones that had the old 16 megabyte,
or yeah, the 16 megabyte NAND flash, now the ones
that they've added, like the 256, the 512,
to the newer consoles that they have actual onboard memory
cards almost.
Those now, they're figuring out how to mod as well.
But a lot of them aren't with an old enough dashboard
to be able to do it.
I mean, I'm sure they're going to find a way to do something.
At the very least, they're going to find
ways to add a bigger hard drive if you want it.
But they may actually, if they're smart,
go the route of Sony and allow you
to upgrade your own hard drive.
Well, we'll see.
Because I think we have another story coming up
about further evidence that the Xbox 360 hard drives may
be a thing of the past.
But first, I want to get into another story about the 360,
since it is episode 360 of our show, after all.
Talking about a patent.
Yes, that's right.
Thanks to the US Patent Office and people
having to file those patents to protect their ideas,
sometimes we get spoiled on things that may or may not
actually end up happening.
I think we've seen patents in the past.
Didn't Nintendo trademark like, or I
mean, I guess there's a difference between trademark
and patent.
But for the purposes of rumor spoiling, it's very similar.
Didn't they trademark like a bunch of names for that system
that ended up being the Wii?
You know, like a lot of times they do this.
They trademark a bunch of ideas, just
make sure there's no, God, those people that just like.
Patent squatters.
Patent squatters, thank you.
Or trademark squatters.
Yeah, that was looking for the people that,
oh, we invented the rumble thing first,
even though we never did anything with it.
And all those people to try and get to the ideas before them.
Well, anyhow, this, though, sounds very feasible to me.
And this is a Microsoft patent that apparently was filed back
in mid 2008.
What would happen is that with this thing, this interface,
I guess, that they're patenting, you would actually be able
to download a game add-on from the Xbox Live Marketplace
when an in-game prompt in the game tells you to do so.
Believe it or not, that doesn't really happen right now.
You know, the game will kind of say,
especially if you're playing a demo,
you can hit a button to kind of go to the Xbox Live store,
but there's like some extra steps
that you take before you actually purchase.
And this sounds a little more to me
like you would just be able to buy the add-on right there,
practically with a touch of a button, if you had the.
It would be like, for example, I was playing Borderlands
and, you know, say my friend was playing
and he wanted to join my game
and he doesn't have the expansion that I have,
and then it'll say.
And I want to clarify, I'm sorry,
but this is an important point of the trademark
is that the content that you buy is required
for a particular online game they attempt to launch.
So Loki's Borderlands example, if, you know,
your friend has this expansion that you're trying to play,
then you could buy it at the touch of a button.
Or I'm thinking the big one would be Rock Band.
Like that would be huge because, you know,
oh, we want to play this song.
Oh, I don't have that song.
Press X and you will buy the song
with your imaginary money that's actually real money
that got turned into imaginary money.
And that's what you pay for with Microsoft system.
Like it would be that easy.
I'm imagining other things like Game Room
would kind of tie into this too.
I was trying to think of,
I was trying to come up with this.
I was trying to explain to Alan yesterday
and I don't think my point really came across very well.
I was like, I think Game Room is kind of like Rock Band.
I think Game Room kind of has a lot in common
with Rock Band.
It's a system that's really gonna make their bucks
off of all these microtransactions is, you know,
where, you know, well, obviously they're not making
any money off of the shell of the game.
And it's kind of like, well, yeah,
you pay $40 up front for Rock Band,
but you get all these default songs.
But for Game Room, you pay zero, you get nothing,
but the whole thing's out of microtransactions.
It's actually like, a better comparison would be
that Game Room is more like that PSP demo
for Rock Band Unplugged.
You remember that?
They came with like one song and all the rest
would play just DLC is all it would play.
Yeah.
It's almost kind of like that, but for classic games.
So anyhow, but that might be another one.
Hey, you go visit your friend's Game Room
and they wanna play you in a battle of, I don't know,
what's a two player game, Contra or something.
You know, even though you've already bought that
on Xbox Live some time ago.
Well, you could press X and you can buy Contra
for 300 Microsoft points and go to town.
So it's just making it easier to spend
your imaginary money, essentially.
So yeah, and you don't have to quit the lobby to do so.
That's another important thing too, is that sometimes
if you wanna buy an expansion, you have to back out
of the lobby, go back to the menu, do this all,
no, it would be a lot faster this way.
So I don't know, is this dangerous?
Is this something that maybe they shouldn't be implementing
because it makes it almost too easy to download games?
Or what?
Or is this just a logical, yeah, this is more
of a give me your money type of step?
I think it's just, it makes sense.
It makes it more streamlined.
I mean, you don't have to do it,
but I don't know, it makes it easier.
I would worry that there's like 13 year olds
that are gonna sit there and hit the button,
but hopefully their parents know about parental controls
and there's no credit cards on file.
iTunes and Amazon already have one click purchasing
where you can just, with one click, buy TV, whatever.
So just to have that, for Xbox to have that
in their marketplace, I mean, other online stores
have already, are already doing this, so.
That's a good point.
You know, and iTunes, I remember some time ago,
I used to have, it was before they made the big upgrade
to the engine, what are they on right now, 7.0?
I think it was right when they upgraded to 7.0.
On my old iTunes, whenever I would click buy a song,
it would go into a shopping cart.
Well, they got rid of the shopping cart completely,
which I think is kind of bullshit.
And what you do now is if you click,
you don't click on buy song,
but you click on the little dropdown next to that
and you click add to wishlist.
And they say that the wishlist replaced the shopping cart.
But I think the way they did that was really shady.
Like, I hate the way that Apple handled that
because I'm so used to being able to click the big button
and it just goes to my shopping cart.
And then, you know, when I, maybe once a week
or once every other week, I would just buy the cart
because what I would do, here's what I used to do a lot.
I would play online games and I would listen to online radio
while I played the games.
And if there was a song I liked
that they played on the radio,
I would go into iTunes, search for the artist right there,
add the song to my cart.
And like at the end of the week, I'd download all the songs.
I have a new CD for my car.
Like it was an awesome system.
But then when iTunes switched it up,
so now it's just click and you buy right away,
I thought that kind of was shady.
Like, yeah, they have the wishlist,
but come on, Apple fans.
They made that harder to get to.
They made it harder to have a queue.
They made it easier to buy a game right away,
which was kind of crappy in my opinion.
But that's a good point, Alan,
is that this system already really exists in other places.
And there's no, even without Microsoft Bucks on iTunes,
it's real money.
Good point.
All right.
Well, let's move on with some more stories.
Loki.
Yeah.
So one of the new updates that's gonna be coming soon
is USB storage support for the Xbox 360.
Finally, you're gonna be able to just use
your stupid jump drives or whatever to save your games
versus having to buy the really expensive memory cards,
which the last I checked was the 512 megabyte card,
half a gig, for 50 bucks.
And I just bought one of those memory cards
not that long ago,
although I don't think I bought the half a gig one.
Maybe I did, but it only cost me 20 bucks.
Whatever I bought was 20 bucks,
and it came with Geometry Wars,
which I tried to give to Alan,
but you couldn't take it off the memory card,
which was stupid.
That is dumb.
But thankfully, you will be able to use your
USB memory cards to go ahead and save your games.
You can do download content, save games,
games in demand, title updates, et cetera, indie games.
And the thing is, though,
you will only be able to use cards up to 16 gigabytes,
meaning you can't just plug in say a USB hard drive
or something like that.
That's 120 gigs.
Or those fucking terabyte drives now.
You just bought one of those not that long ago, right?
How much should I set you back?
For the one terabyte USB drive?
Yeah, about 110, 120, yeah.
It's disgusting how much data
you can take with you on the go now.
So I mean, at the very least,
you can store say, just without using a USB hub,
you know, a good almost 60 gigs on there.
I mean, now I'm assuming,
I don't know if you can use like USB hubs on this,
but maybe you could even plug in more drives
if you really wanted to.
But the way that whole thing works is really weird
because I don't know if people know this,
you could plug in your iPod into the 360
and play songs off of it.
And those drives are much larger than 16 gigs.
It seems like if it's a media thing,
you're only using it for like media files,
that it doesn't care how large the storage is.
Yeah, well you can play movies today.
You can play a movie or a music file off a USB stick.
Yeah, you can do that,
but you can't store stuff from a 360.
You can't transfer like saves or anything.
Correct.
And that's what this is basically gonna allow you to do.
However, this also once again plays into what we saw
with the supposedly slim 360 motherboard.
There is no memory card slot.
There's just the front USB port, the back USB port,
and that's it.
So it makes you think, okay,
so they're just gonna use USB storage
if you wanna do like a memory card.
And I think that's a good idea
because to be honest, the Microsoft storage
is really, really overpriced
and their hard drives are really overpriced.
So I do hope that they allow users
to use their own hard drives
or have it come with a hard drive
and just allow you to upgrade it later on
if they're still gonna sell their crappy
overpriced hard drives
because I mean, hell, it's $200 now for like a 100
or I think it's like $200 for a 120 gig hard drive
or maybe not $200, but it's over $100
for a 120 gig hard drive, which is retarded.
But you could buy a one terabyte USB drive
10 times the storage.
Yeah, one terabyte, yeah, drive
that has a USB connection on it.
So it makes no sense that they would just,
I mean, it makes sense for them
because they're making a lot of money off of it
because they're locking out everybody else.
But I mean, really, there's cheaper solutions out there
if you open it up.
Well, I think, and I'm reading in our chat room
at chat.orangewonstrated.com, YYR says the limit
will be two drives according to reports.
But even then, take two 16 gig drives, that's 32 gigs.
That's still quite a bit.
I mean, yeah, it's not as big as 120 gigabyte,
but that's enough for most of you guys.
Like if you don't do video on the 360
and you don't install a lot of games,
you're in good shape.
And honestly, I don't know how much good it would do to,
well, I take that back.
Do you think it would do a lot of good
to install a game to a USB stick
as opposed to just doing it on a regular hard drive?
I guess the difference would be unnoticeable.
But I keep thinking.
I would think maybe the USB drive
might be a little bit faster.
It's hard to say because the hard drives
that are in there right now, they're just,
I wanna say they're 5,400 RPM.
They're really, I mean, they're standard
for a laptop drive, but when you're talking
about like desktop drives, they're 7,200.
It's obviously a little slower.
And it's also flash, so there's really no moving parts.
So really, you'd be limited by the speed of USB 2.0,
which would probably be, I would say,
faster than that drive.
The chat room is lighting up with some comments,
and I wanna say some of these.
The chat is reminding us that the 120 gig hard drive
is no longer there.
Spyro says the 60 gigabyte is left.
That's it, nothing else.
Bresloh wants to say, the reason the HDs are overpriced
is because of the drive manufacturers found out
what the hard drives were for,
and they decided to screw a lot of money out of MS.
True story.
That's a dumb excuse, I'm sorry.
Well.
If they're gonna screw you out,
screw you for those hard drives,
just use different hard drives.
All right, well speaking of dumb excuses,
let's go to another completely different type of story here.
This is a story that has to do with GameStop,
and it also has to do with console shortages,
and apparently GameStop has commented
on the recent Wii shortages and PlayStation 3 shortages,
and they are saying that those shortages
do not look like they are coming to an end very soon.
There's a quote here from Tony Bartell,
who is the executive VP of merchandising for GameStop,
saying, quote, they could sell a lot more hardware
than what we have on both the PS3 and the Wii platform.
They are saying it is not gonna end until early summer
is when this is projected to end.
And then by then,
they're gonna have another console iteration,
and it's just gonna be the same damn thing all over again.
Just to clarify,
they say the Wii is supposed to get the resupply first,
and he thinks this is all because of the surge
of the sales of the consoles from the last holiday season.
I've heard a different theory, though,
and that has to do with,
and was it you who was telling me this, Alan?
Somebody was telling me this
about the whole fiscal year that plays into this.
That was you on a previous show.
The fiscal year,
did you think the fiscal year's playing into this
on both Nintendo and Sony?
I don't know, they're just dicking around, though,
right now is what I know,
because first party anything from Sony
is like damn hard to get right now.
So who knows what the situation is,
and unfortunately, they could be sending them to retailers,
but apparently retailers are saying
they're not getting them.
I just have a hard time believing three months
after the holiday season,
and I mean, the holiday season was pretty good to them,
but come on.
I mean, it's not like,
there's no way you're that short.
You know, you would prepare for the holiday season
by ramping up production prior to the holiday season.
I just don't see why you would, you know, not.
Well, and how many freaking like PS3s
are being sold right now?
I mean, it just doesn't seem like
it's as in demand right now.
Maybe for birthdays and stuff, but that's it.
A lot of them might have to do with the fact
that they're hard to find right now,
but I'm sorry, I mean, how many years has it been now?
Just because it's not on shelves now
is not making a demand for, you know what I mean?
People aren't like trying to find them
like they were when it first came out.
People are waiting, they're just like,
oh well, I can't find it now, I'm just not gonna buy it,
because I don't have the money, or you know,
times are tough, they're trying to purposely hold them back
to create this sort of demand for the console,
that's pretty dumb.
People are seeing right through it now.
I, just while Loki's been talking here,
I pulled up BestBuy.com just to see,
because they'll let you do a store search
to see what the inventory looks like.
Just so you know, they have a couple packages available.
There's a 299.99 Sony PlayStation 3, it's the slim,
so it's like the slim by itself, it's the 120.
It is sold out online, and if you go into it
to do like a store search, it won't even let you.
It says store pickup, not available.
So that is gone.
Now there's a 349.99 console, 250 gig.
You can buy it online, but then there's this red thing
that says not available for shipping.
So I guess you could maybe only do the in-store pickup.
Well I did a search around the local zip code here,
and the six closest stores in the Sacramento area,
Citrus Heights, Arden Fair, Folsom,
Roseville, Natomas, Elk Grove, all out, unavailable.
So the shortage is real, there's no disputing that.
But it's weird why that this is happening.
And like I said, the theory,
and it could be just someone talking,
but the theory is that they're holding them until April,
when their new fiscal quarter starts,
because maybe either they've hit their numbers
that they want this year, no point in really trying
to boost their numbers, but for next financial year,
maybe they wanna really try to boost their numbers.
I don't know.
The thing that seems ridiculous to me right now
is that two of the biggest PlayStation 3 games
that could have been system sellers are out now.
Final Fantasy 13, although granted, the whole 360 thing,
you know, if gamers want it, and they have a 360 already,
they can just buy it there,
and I know there's been a lot of back and forth
about which version is better,
but there's no difference, you guys.
The differences are minuscule, so just drop it.
I'm wondering on the audio, though,
a question just to go on the Final Fantasy real quick,
and this is totally random,
but how's your audio sounding on that?
Do their voices sound kind of metallic, I guess, to you?
I mean, I know-
No, but that could be your sound setup.
You don't necessarily-
But I have surround sound headphones,
and I've done everything to try to configure it
so that the sound sounds okay,
but it still sounds kind of metallic.
Seems okay to me.
Like it's heavily buffered or something.
Well, also, I do want to say, though,
the other big game that's out,
God of War 3 came out this week, hello?
That is a system seller.
That is one that people will run out
and buy PlayStation 3s for, but they can't,
and there's no God of War 3 bundle or nothing,
and that really surprises me.
That seems just not smart to have your big game out
and not have the systems to back it up,
especially if it's intentional.
If it really, truly is an unintentional shortage,
then okay, whatever, just bad luck.
But if it's an intentional shortage, that was dumb.
Then they should've delayed God of War 3,
saying, you know, quality issues or whatever.
They would've lied and said it was a quality thing
or something.
It's what they have coming out from first party for Sony
in the next couple months.
Not much.
I mean, they have ModNation Racers, but that's in May.
And then after that, well, that's it.
So, ModNation Racers, which I don't think-
Well, and then the move is-
But that's not until the holiday, I mean.
I don't know.
All right, well, Loki, you have a little more,
speaking of GameStop, right?
Yes, they're still evaluating
the Customer Loyalty Opportunity Program.
Apparently, you may remember there was a survey
that went out a while back saying that,
you know, they're gonna have different tiered programs
where you can maybe buy into it or whatever
and you get certain discounts, perks, et cetera.
Apparently, you know, GameStops, you know,
they've commented that we're in the process
of evaluating loyalty opportunities for our customers.
As this is a work in progress,
we're not gonna comment on any speculation
to changes to our edge card program.
And then they continue to go and comment on
changes that are gonna happen to the edge card program.
They're gonna be testing in foreign markets.
Apparently, there's a French gaming chain named Micromania
during the GameStop conference call.
And I'm wondering if Micromania
may be owned by GameStop now.
They may have, yeah, they were bought out.
It says, we believe that the loyalty program at Micromania
drove some of the highest sales per store
in Europe that we've seen.
So we think it's a very effective program
and that's the base for what we added
to our existing loyalty program here at the edge.
So let's see, some of these different perks
they're gonna have here, they're saying,
so Micromania had the MegaCart program for many, many years.
It's probably the most successful
video game loyalty program in existence.
If you look at Micromania, as we did early on,
you know, 86% of their transactions
have a MicroCart ID associated with them.
MicroCart is not only a loyalty program,
it becomes a launch device in a vehicle.
It becomes a marketing vehicle.
It even helps you decide where to put a new store
as a real estate vehicle.
We believe that the loyalty program at Micromania
drove some of the highest sales per store in Europe
that we've ever seen.
So we think it's a very effective program
and that's the base, of course,
what they're gonna use for the edge program.
How theirs will be different,
our program will be heavily built on heavily
what you see at Micromania today,
but it will add some very significant pieces.
Our marketing team has done some extensive surveys,
like we saw linked online, let's see here,
of kinds of rewards that customers are looking for.
If you recall one of the previous,
or one of our conferences,
the fact that we did an internet survey,
had to shut down the response engine
because it was so much, or there was so much interest
in the GameStop loyalty program.
Ours will have different rewards.
It won't be purely a markdown program
that gives discounts once you reach a certain threshold.
It will also have unique rewards like tickets to shows
and early entrances to midnight launch, et cetera.
So we think that builds on what they have
for Micromania now.
So the four markets, they didn't really say
where they're gonna start it,
but I would imagine it's gonna be some pretty random markets
that they're gonna put them in
because usually it's not their top markets, so.
I feel like when you're reading a story like this
about GameStop and their programs,
I should be playing like a song like this.
We can try that.
Could you try reading the press release again?
Yes.
So we think that it builds on what we have for Micromania,
but it really adds lots of sophistication,
and consumer insights to monetize that GameStop consumer
and brings unique rewards
that only GameStop can bring you.
Resistance is futile.
Join us in our rewards program.
Oh yeah.
All right, seriously though.
I mean, is there enough here to really get that customer?
Well, they were as if they needed to stomp out
more of their competitors.
They're completely vague in that, though,
so that's the thing is unless I see a sheet
that says what I'm getting exactly
and what I have to pay into it to get,
you know, I'm not exactly sure
if it's something that I really wanna participate in.
But hey, if it's like the end of the GameStop cards now
where I pay $15 a year and I get discounts and whatnot,
I mean, that's kinda cool, I guess.
And I get a magazine at least.
I can thumb through it once a month.
Frisbee in our chat room says,
I am your retailer, get it?
All right, well, speaking of GameStop
or whatever store you wanna do,
there are some pre-order bonuses for ModNation Racers.
As mentioned before, ModNation Racers
is making its way out to stores in May,
and the date is May 25th, but,
and this has been done with quite a few Sony games,
if I'm not mistaken, and probably some 360 ones too
I can't think of right now,
but depending on where you pre-order it
is the bonus you're gonna get.
And the bonus has to do with the extra kart racers.
Now, if you decide to order from GameStop
you will get Kratos from God of War,
which I'm sure is gonna be a very popular one.
But you can also pre-order from Amazon
and you can get either Ratchet or Clank.
I don't know how that works,
if you pick when you use the code or what happens,
but you get Ratchet or Clank.
Maybe you get both.
Maybe you do get both, I don't know.
And then Best Buy, you get Nathan Drake from Uncharted,
which is actually pretty cool.
He looks like a me, honestly.
It looks like one of the Wii characters.
When you look at the little picture of Nathan Drake,
honestly, it looks like a little me there,
but that's what it is.
Kind of the cool, in my opinion,
I do love God of War, don't get me wrong,
but I think the Uncharted guy's the coolest.
I think I would get it from Best Buy
just to get Nathan Drake, so.
Now, I'm sure at some point
they're all gonna be microtransactions
on the Sony marketplace anyway,
but if you wanna cut that corner
you can do the pre-order there.
By the way, also, you do get some type of mystery mod package
when you pre-order the game.
You get pictures, and you get other accessories
to outfit your racer, and yep,
you don't know exactly what stuff you're getting
until you input the code.
It's kind of one of those mystery pins at Disneyland,
but that's what it is.
So, could be interesting.
Any interest in ModNation Racers?
You gonna run out and get this game, day one?
I'm not sure, I have it on order,
but I'm not sure if I'm gonna pick it up right away.
It looks neat, but I just have a feeling
it's not gonna be as good as Little Big Planet.
And that's really, they're trying to get us to think
that it's gonna be Little Big Planet,
you know, the kart racing game.
No, that's not what it's gonna be,
but it'll be pretty cool.
I have to admit, I'm kind of curious about the game
because I do really like the kart racing games.
Like, I really like, of course, you know, Mario Kart,
and I like, you know, those types of games.
But yeah, I didn't get into the beta.
I wish I would have just played the beta
to see if it was good or not.
I unfortunately got into the beta, but I never played it.
Which I can't believe I forgot to mention
during my gaming week,
because we were too busy talking about bad games.
But one game I did play this week was the blur beta.
Finally decided to give that a try
and give that a go, the blur beta.
And I had a lot of problems connecting to a race.
So when I was playing it the first time,
I could not get into a race.
But I went in, I just waited a couple hours
and went in later and it worked just fine.
And we actually played a couple races, just Alan watched.
And it was really pretty.
It was nice looking.
I thought it looked amazing.
Yeah, the graphics are really good.
And you know, I had a lot of fun
because, you know, this one random guy
and I kept targeting each other.
Like, we kept randomly passing each other and stuff.
So I had fun with blur.
I definitely want to pick up that full game
when it comes out.
Yeah, they leaked out the beta for that.
What's that?
So the beta got leaked out for that.
How's that work?
It's like a demo on a Xbox slot,
or not Xbox Live, like a Xbox marketplace.
Basically, you just copy it to your hard drive and run it.
Really?
Yeah.
They did the same thing in Halo.
Do you have to have a modded Xbox to do that, though?
I don't think so.
Really?
Interesting.
Well, I have some codes.
Maybe I'll give those away later in the show.
I don't know.
Do any chatters want a blur beta code?
I'll give some away later, if so.
We'll do that.
Why not?
SSJ100Matt says, the soundboard works great in blur.
Because, you know, he has the soundboard with the Duke Nukem
stuff and everything.
I don't know how he's doing it.
He's patching it through the 360 voice thing somehow.
And yeah, he can play all these random things he's playing.
So if anyone in chat wants a blur beta code,
I'll give some away later.
Maybe I'll give them away during Listless.
Because they sent me three others.
And I know at least, I know Alan's going to want one.
But I can give the other two away.
So I'll give those away to listeners.
Why not?
Oh, and the chat room's saying, please, sure, yay.
OK, I will give them away to random voters
in our Listless event later tonight.
So stay tuned.
Stay tuned.
OK, meanwhile, let's get into some, what, release dates?
Are we ready for release dates?
All right, let's do release dates.
All right, this week, there's some decent stuff coming out.
But let's start with some stuff that's not quite
what you may be looking for.
But hey, you've got people that you know that are kids
and stuff, right?
Zuzu Pets, yes, the crazy thing that they
were selling during the holiday that went like crazy.
Little hamsters now coming from Activision to the Nintendo DS.
In fact, you can actually snag one with a little baby hamster
that's blue and yellow.
That's one sick hamster.
How to Train Your Dragon coming out,
tying in with the new movie.
And that's going to be on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii,
DS, and I believe, PSP.
Bakugan Battle Trainer, the sequel to the marble battling
game.
That's going to be coming out to DS.
MotoGP 0910.
I guess they're kind of combining years,
because they didn't have one come out last year.
That'll be coming out on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Just Cause 2 coming out on PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360
this week.
Looks like a pretty fun game.
Red Steel 2, guaranteed to be better than the first one.
Coming out on the Wii, does require Wii Motion Plus.
So you can also pick up the Wii Motion Plus bundle
for an extra $10.
And saves you $9 off the cost of Wii Motion Plus,
if you don't have it.
My Pet Chimp coming out to Nintendo DS from 505 Games.
505 Games, I may add, was also the company
that put out that really crappy baby game
that I put on my Twitter.
They may be a good candidate to hit up for the president cat.
Yes, I retweeted that.
What the hell was that?
It's an actual baby doll thing or something, right?
That's the special edition, yes.
You can buy it with a, it's basically a,
it comes with a holster for your Wii
that you attach to any baby doll.
But this one does come with a baby doll.
It looks like an umbilical cord.
And you play these little mini games,
like feeding the baby and whatnot.
It's just funny though, because the baby doll
that comes with the little special edition
has a lazy eye.
So it looks funny.
Anyways, imagine Jim is.
What happens if you shake the baby?
Not that you should do that, that's not funny.
But what if I want to?
I don't know.
There's, I don't know if you read that,
like the actual page or whatever,
but he was tasked with putting powder on the baby
and they told him to stop, but he kept doing it anyways,
covering the baby in powder.
That's funny.
I think if you tried to play WarioWare
with the baby peripheral, that might be a lot of fun.
No, what you need to do though,
is you use the baby peripheral with other games.
Like, you know.
Yeah, that's what he's saying.
Play WarioWare with the baby peripheral.
Aim the A button.
I feel like Wii Sports, like baseball
or something like that.
You're bad.
That would be awesome.
Now there's a YouTube.
Now we need to find the baby game
just to do that for YouTube.
And G. Ditz in our chat room
makes the mandatory South Park reference.
South Park reference, sorry, I'm eating too.
Kick the baby, boop.
Cabela's Monster Bunk, or Monster Bunk?
Yes, it's a giant bunk bed.
No, Monster Buck Hunter,
because it's a deer hunting game,
comes with a gun.
Oh yeah, perfect for the redneck, can ya?
Rooms, the first building,
coming out from Konami on the Wii and DS.
Shimagami Tensei, Strange Journey,
coming out on DS as well.
Disney's Stitch Jam, kind of a music platformer game,
coming out also on the DS.
Settler 7, Paths to a Kingdom,
coming out on PC from Ubisoft.
Yes, with really crappy DRM.
Hoop, or was it,
Hall of Fame Ultimate Hoops Challenge.
It's a generic basketball game
trying to cash in on the NBA Jam franchise,
and it looks like crap.
That was quick,
because NBA Jam was just announced
a couple months ago, wasn't it?
Well, this game's been around for a while.
They were just trying to put out a basketball game
with Larry Bird in it, it's interesting.
And let's see, this is an accessory though,
but the Nyko Wand, they're gonna be doing the action pack.
You remember the Nyko Wand's like the third party controller
that actually, you can kind of move the buttons on it.
So you can plug it in with this gun attachment,
it actually has a physical button for the trigger
instead of a trigger that pushes the B button
on the bottom of the gun.
And then coming out a week from now,
America's Test Kitchen, Let's Get Cooking,
coming from Nintendo.
Let's be honest here, folks,
this is really just them repackaging
that stupid learn to cook game
that they put out a couple years ago.
It looks exactly the same, I don't know.
And then the better game of the two,
WarioWare DIY will be coming out on Sunday.
And to go with those,
the Nintendo DSi XL in Bronz and Burgundy.
Perfect for your Pokemon adventures
and your little Pokeball walking trainer.
They should really just call it Bronz and Ron Burgundy.
Oh boy.
Oh, how did I, oh wait, no never mind.
That comes out next week, or the week after next.
All right, what, what does?
Oh, free running, that's kind of neat.
What is free running?
Like parkour, like Mirror's Edge.
Oh, okay, that's kind of cool.
Except not as cool.
All right, let me get into some Japanese release dates
and tell you what's coming overseas
on the Xbox 360 on March 25th.
Chaos Head Love Choo Choo comes out.
Yes, that's the name of the game.
I'm trying to figure out what the hell this is.
It looks like a dating sim or something, I don't know.
Every time I just see these anime girls
and a bunch of text, I assume it's a dating sim.
So that's what I'm gonna call this game.
Another game coming out that does not look
like a dating sim is Hokuto Musou comes out.
And this is a punch and kick type of game.
I don't know if they have this out in America.
I'm trying to think if there's a localized version of it.
I don't know, for some reason it looks very
like Fist of the North Star-ish to me.
It's something Warriors.
It might, is it Dynasty?
Well, wait a second, what's it, what is it?
Oh, it's yeah, it's the Fist of the North Star
Dynasty Warriors game.
Oh, yeah.
Gomi, I actually identified that, woo hoo.
And let's see, what else is coming out
on the PlayStation 3, the God of War trilogy,
as well as God of War 3 makes its way out to Japan as well.
So they get their versions not that long after we did.
And Hokuto Musou also comes out over there.
They also get Pachipata 15, Super Umi Monogatari
in Okinawa 2 comes out as well.
Rawr, rawr.
Comes out over there from Irem.
And it's a gambling game.
I guess it's some type of, I don't know if that's
like pachinko games or what the hell else it is there.
So there's that.
That is out on the PlayStation 3.
And on the Nintendo Wii, Silent Hill Shattered Memories
gets its release in Japan.
So if you wanna run and open doors and stuff,
that is coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
It's also coming out on the PlayStation 2.
The Nintendo DS gets a variety of different games this week,
like some type of phonics game and a wrestling game,
but nothing that really big that's worth talking about,
to be honest.
But the Sony PSP gets Burst Error, Eve the First.
And I don't know what that game is.
So that looks like a little, I guess,
oh, it's a sequel to a PC game
from the mid-90s, Burst Error.
That's what this is.
And they've turned it into Chicks with Guns
and Abnormally Large Boobies.
There you go, look at that screenshot right there.
Big, big boobies.
And also coming out on the Sony PSP,
Prinny 2, Tokuyugi Akasuki No Pants.
That's right, No Pants is in the title.
Daisaku Ensi, and I'm pretty sure
that's I Wanna Be the King Part 2.
Yes, it is.
Prinny 2 comes out this week.
Very nice.
Well, joining us in studio just in time,
say hello to Dark Sakura, or you're muted.
Now you can, now you can roar.
What the heck you mute me for?
Well, cause I didn't want the mic picking up sound
when you weren't here.
I didn't want Shermie to jump up on your chair
and go, meow, roar.
Shermie is too freaking fat to jump up.
And by the way, I'm still burning from the horseradish.
I attended my first Seder tonight.
Oh, did you have fun?
It was a lot of fun.
It was all chicks.
It was a woman's Seder.
Oh, I see.
So it was very estrogen-y.
OK.
Are you all in the same cycle now?
I don't know, but the food was good.
There was chocolate.
Well, of course, with a bunch of women,
of course there's going to be good food.
Oh, it was fantastic.
And I brought the Nada Shovets.
All right.
It was like, we didn't tell anyone to bring the wine.
Bring the wine.
OK.
Do you want to do UK release dates, or?
Yeah, I can.
You want to do UK release dates?
Because we're ready.
We're ready for you.
Look, I had everything up already.
You got here just in time for your first story.
How do you like that?
Because we didn't have you slated for anything earlier,
but you got here just in time for your first story.
Did you want to talk about your gaming week real quick?
Gaming week?
I just assumed Star Trek Online and Peggle.
That's what I told the listeners.
Well, no, I didn't play Peggle at all, actually.
I did play Star Trek Online, and I
was about to start Final Fantasy II,
except I think I got a phone call, because it's on my phone.
Oh.
I got it for iPhone.
Damn those phone calls interrupting your game.
I got it for iPhone.
And then Dan was playing Gauntlet, like on the NES.
No, on the Genesis.
He was playing Genesis Gauntlet.
Awesome.
You missed it earlier in the show.
Alan and I played Double Dragon on the Xbox this week,
and we think it's the most horrible arcade
game in existence.
And one of those games just kind of sucks.
But Dan came in here and yelled at us,
because he thinks Double Dragon's awesome.
He would.
All right, UK release dates, Dark Soccer, just in time.
What week is this?
The 21st through the 27th, huh?
OK, on the 24th, Game Room, Xbox 360.
God, why do they keep changing the date?
BlazBlue Calamity Trigger, Clash of the Titans, Echo Shift.
That's actually a cool name.
Infinite Space, Just Cause 2, Pokemon Heart
Gold and Soul Silver, whatever.
Well, you know, OK, how different
can they do a Pokemon game?
Please tell me.
Because you have the walking trainer this time,
but it's a Pokeball.
I had one of those.
Yeah?
I had one of those, and that's when that's all it was.
And it was yellow, and it was in black and white.
But this one has Pokemans in it as you walk.
Mine had Pokemans in it.
That's right.
You grow your Mudkips by walking around the block.
Mine had Pokeman in it.
It had Pikachu.
So, eh.
Where am I?
I would play the MMO, though.
And there's a Racket Sports Party.
I would play the Pokemon MMO, and I
would play Pokemon Snap 2 if they ever made it.
Would you play it in a box?
Would you play it with a fox?
I would play it on a train, and I would play it in the rain.
Could you, would you, with a mouse?
Shut the fuck up and read the dates.
Resonance of Fate, Red Steel 2, Rugu Attack, Rugu Twisted
Towers, Star Wars The Force Unleashed Ultimate Sith
Edition, Die Seidler 7, Warriors Legends of Troy.
God, they're just putting everything right together.
I may as well do next week, too.
Shoot, Grand Theft Auto IV, or whatever.
But again, or is that like a price reduction?
It's a loss in the damn.
I think it's a.
Oh, gotcha.
By the way, our chat room jumping out here
and screaming some corrections here.
Llama Juice, it's not new.
It's gold and silver.
And Llama Juice says, the game is actually fun.
And Dr. Tetsuya says, you're Pokemans.
Please show us them.
Alpha Kinetagram says, gold kicked ass.
Gold kicked ass.
I thought Pearl was fun until I stopped going to the gym.
Spike McRue says, yeah, but gold and silver were the best.
Let's be honest.
No, no, no.
I have some friends that are doing.
The pinnacle is Pokemon Snap.
There's this gal on my Twitter friends list,
and I don't know her real well.
I think she runs Gaming Angels, I want to say
is the name of the site.
I hope I got that right.
And she made this tweet that I just found hilarious,
because I kind of could see myself.
She said something like, I'm in line right now waiting
to get the new Pokemon game.
Yeah, I'm 33 years old.
What?
And I'm like, oh, that must be awkward
to be in the midnight launch line for Pokemon.
My Pokemans let you not show them to me.
But I got to say, there's quite a few people
I know that are playing the new Pokemon game.
I almost, almost want to get it.
But I'm afraid if I do, Alan will break up with me.
He's like, no, I can't.
If you do, I'll disown you, Rob.
Alan, would you break up with me if I got the Pokemon game?
Would you be able to handle it?
I have nothing against Pokemon.
Really?
Do you want to play Pokemon together?
We'll both get the game and then run around the block
and evolve our Pokemon.
Rob, you're such a five-year-old girl.
I'm just kidding, I'm not going to get it.
Oh, but Spyro in chat.
Oh, and Ionotropic I should give credit to first.
A jump in and say, Pokemon pinball rules all.
Abso-fucking-lutely.
That was pretty fun.
That was an amazing game.
A++.
I will sign off on that.
It's still burning from the damn horseradish.
It's also really kind of hot in the studio right now.
Well, you know, I've got this thing
that I used to tie the curtains back with, Rob,
so you could actually have airflow.
Hi.
By the way, I was going to ask you when you got here.
Were you able to do the orange scarf, after all?
Or was that not finished?
All right, that's all right.
I've had no time.
No, I understand.
I understand.
I just want to, before I talk about PAX East in part B,
I want to make sure I have.
But I'll try to get this monstrosity finished.
Well, I leave on Tuesday night.
So I'm good.
Oh, all right.
Oh, no.
I don't think I can get it done.
I'll ship it to you.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more crash, bang, boom.
There's chaos going on in the studio.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
We have a couple more stories than the classic Game
of the Week, Loki.
Yeah, so with Game Room coming out very soon, actually,
it's interesting to find out that there's actually
going to be some achievements tied in with Game Room.
I thought that they were just going
to be tied in with actual games, but apparently it's Game Room.
There's going to be 1,000 achievement points to be had
and 56 achievements altogether.
Apparently, you get points every three medals that you earn.
There's even some points, I guess,
for spending time in the arcade, 36 hours total.
So interesting that they have that.
I don't know.
What do you think about achievements in Game Room?
Well, it's cool that they are doing more than just the 200.
I think a lot of people are bummed
that they're not doing achievement points per game,
but I think that would be a bit much.
Like, to do so many achievement points per game,
I think it would be too much.
Especially with my whole rock band analogy,
the game is Game Room.
It's just the classic games are the songs.
You know, they're the microtransactions.
It does seem like, though, if you actually
read through the list of achievements, most of them
are driven by the medals that you win
from playing the classic games.
So you're still going to have to have
a variety of classic games in order
to get all the achievements.
But I think it's pretty cool that they allowed
them to bump it up to 1,000.
I mean, you're looking at a full game.
Honestly, it's just kind of a different type
of method of getting it out there.
Definitely.
And some of the achievements in there,
they have choose for themes.
Like, place the theme in your arcade.
They have one for placing five unique themes in your arcade.
You know, theme your entire arcade
with unique themes, your mascot, props, visitors.
It seems like some of those are really easy achievements,
unless you have to do something to earn those decorations.
Well, the decorations, the thing that
worries me about the decorations is you have to buy those.
Well, didn't they say that some you would get for buying
game on release day baby but still it's
buying something you know to me I do my
buying achievement points hmm in a way
you are if you don't buy any games for
game room you can't get those metal
based achievements all I take it back
you could do it using the quarter method
but you're going to have to spend money
money one way or the other I'll check it
out it'll be interesting to see I don't
know how much I'm not really gonna play
of it though I'm not gonna lie I'm super
excited about game room I'm all about
the classic games but remember I do have
a couple rules my number one rule is I
will not buy a game that they've already
released on Xbox live arcade so don't be
looking for me and scramble or tempest
because I already have those games I'm
not buying them again and getting game
room I don't care how pretty it is
anyhow one more story for you guys
before we get to the classic game of the
week and this has to do with something I
actually mentioned during the release
dates a couple weeks ago actually I
think it was last week on the
PlayStation 3 this week they released in
Japan something called torn well guess
what apparently Famitsu is reporting
that shops in Japan are selling out of
this the standalone version of the torn
DVR peripheral although I guess the
PlayStation threes that have it built in
there's still some of those available on
shelves but this thing is selling like
crazy now what is torn it's basically a
DVR it's a DVR attachment imagine like
they sold TiVo that you would attach to
your PlayStation 3 that's what torn is
it's a DVR attachment for your ps3 and
apparently it's selling out just so you
know don't bother importing it it will
not work in America it's only capable of
doing the Japanese terrestrial yes it's
on the same system but the problem is is
that I guess torn also downloads a lot
of programming information and it's not
going to do that for the American
channels you know don't bother importing
that but think about how cool it would
be if they would just release that
frickin thing over here imagine it
imagine if they release TiVo for your
PlayStation 3 would you buy it I would
absolutely I don't have DVR on Comcast
because I don't think the DVR that
Comcast offers is that great to be to be
honest I like how TiVo will do the
recommended shows and all that stuff too
and the the DVR on Comcast is kind of
clunky for me I have something that does
that it's called um the internet and
downloading and watch it yeah I know I
know and now you know I'm ready I'm
actually ready to cancel our cable and
get a different internet provider because
I will dance on them to watch this TV
but we hooked up a computer in the front
room and watch Hulu I have a decent rate
going on right now I have a special but
I seriously think when the six months is
over I'm gonna just cancel the TV I
don't ever watch it like he watched
Casino Royale today for like a couple
minutes while I was getting ready for
the show tonight that's like the most
TV we've watched at all we do nothing
but watch Hulu now I watch drag race
online that's the only show I watch or
we'll put in you know we'll watch a DVD
or something but really almost anything
you can just find online and network
what what's that mystique you gotta say
that on the mic okay everybody say hi to
mystique but there's transform me that's
also with RuPaul's Drag Race I haven't
watched transform me but I have seen
untucked you guys see untucked what is
is that where they undo plastic surgery
or something no no untucked is like the
behind the scenes at RuPaul's Drag Race
and you can really see who is who is
nice and who is naughty and did you know
one of the one of my favorite drag
queens this season was mystique and a
porn star how many people can say they
have a name in common with a porn star
and a drag queen and a car I'm changing
my name to Pandora box that's it that's
that's what I'm gonna have to do so
moving forward bet you didn't know you
subscribe to this show and iTunes you
begin drag queen chat everyone just
wait until I put up the pictures of
Robin Frank gear I'm telling you I'm
telling you if they made you look good
in in a corset and lingerie maybe
they'll find out at PAX East but here
here's the thing seriously if they can
do a project runway video game on the
Wii why can't they do a RuPaul's Drag
Race video game on the way why not that
would be amazing because you would have
RuPaul on your TV going you know and may
the best woman win and remember don't
F it up and don't beep it up all right
all right anyhow let's move on I'm gonna
buy a torn just so I can tape RuPaul's
Drag Race that's basically what it boils
down to okay let's get into another
segment on our show we like to do this
every week we take a trip down memory
lane and visit the Thank You mystique by
the way for popping in and get us
talking about drag queens all right I
would like to collect drag queens for
myself gotta gotta gotta print them all
gotta print them all okay Queen all
right no no instead of what was it need
okay if you need a queen there already
was a Pokemon that looks like a drag
queen it's jinx yeah looks like yes looks
like a drag queen all right but but but
I think any Pokemon based off of mystique
would be like a Porygon seizure and
do sing from the level of awesome all
right let's get into the class seizure
robots every way week we take a trip
down memory lane and dark soccer goes in
the vault and hopefully she doesn't get
derailed with talk about drag queens but
she likes to pick a classic game that
she says hey hey you kids play this game
right now respect those old games yeah
bitches all right what game did you pick
for us this week sword of the berserk
guts rage for dreamcast I have never
heard of this game can I be honest this
because you're lame tell tell us a
little bit about this game that guy has
a large sword why thank you um this was
a game actually in Japan is called
berserk Millennium Falcon hen was so
they've been on the show which is based
on find a great tree in this village
actually here no but I've seen a nice
bush but you should hear the voice
actor for gots you in this was Michael
all these are more likely than we are
Voltron strange so it's all the fault of
these things huh the English dub which
is stop it's a manager I love the
American voice acting though because you
know who they got to do Costco's voice
was BJ Ward who was Princess Allura huh
I was like these are voices I did I know
from my youth so this game was like
that's so cool and also my favorite
Japanese voice actor was gots his voice
in Japanese version is this like a
Silent Hill kind of game no okay I let
me let me get back to you all right
please please berserk is a dark fantasy
manga in Japan it's very graphic very
graphic very violent it's cuts mistakes
back here giving comments like look at
the size of that sword it's a nice sword
but the game is sort of an adventure RPG
hack and slash type of thing it's really
a big hack and slash it's see how much
blood you can splatter and how angry you
can make gots you so anyway it's based
off of a manga and it's set for anyone
who is a fan of berserk I've read a
whole bunch of the manga it's set
between volume 22 and 23 of the manga
it's set after the anime series the
anime is I think a 26 episode series and
it did my the anime followed the first
arc of the manga which was the whole
Taka no Dan thing everybody in chat by
the way is saying dark is an
understatement dark is totally an
understatement it's like it makes
Tarantino movies look like Cartoon
Network there's like this whole scene in
the manga where they go into this cave
and there is like an orgy of the
thousands no a graphic orgy of the
thousands cool blood orgy oh and then
when they get to the place where they're
doing the ink with the Inquisition and
we're talking about old school torture
devices pretty visit a Spanish
Inquisition it makes a Spanish it makes
the Spanish Inquisition look like a
puppet show missy's back there good
nobody expects a Spanish Inquisition
what in the hell did where where did my
show go has anyone seen it is it under
the chair that's because misty walked
into the room and she derails everything
but this particular one was on the dream
cast there's another one that came out
on ps2 but I don't count it because
really I like the Japanese one well the
the dreamcast one I do have the Japanese
version of this game and I got it just
for the voice acting because they got
the same people you know they got the
same people from the anime like a high
as she knows what she does got his voice
and same everybody except of course all
the ones who died violently at the end
of the series everybody asked that yeah
shall ran in our chat room says everyone
dies the world ends and people burn in
hell forever is a happy ending compared
to desert yeah okay okay here's here I'm
going to give the background and if you
haven't seen the anime spoiler turn off
your station for a little bit or fast
forward or whatever the whole thing
starts off with God says a boy and he
goes off and joins a mercenary group and
he meets this chick named Casca who is
the second-in-command under this guy
named Griffith who is totally pretty and
has this weird egg that he wears it has
two eyes and those in the mouth but all
spread in different areas anyway stuff
goes on Griffith turns out to be on the
next in line to be well an evil God and
sacrifices the entire group in this big
bloody feast and yay blood feast and it's
I'm not gonna go into it but as the
manga starts continuing from there got
some Casca have a mark on them that means
they're followed by demons because they
were tend to be part of the sacrifice
but they escaped there are similarities
between that and Final Fantasy 13 I just
want to know no I know there's nothing
nothing which is a bummer because I wish
vanille was in the game Jamie's talking
about that's that's the only bummer yes
you can finish so anyway um so this is
this is a side story but it from what I
understand it is considered part of part
of the cannon and so got to somewhere in
the manga got this little elf starts
following got to around called puck
who's really more like a weird little
chubby fairy with blue hair but anyway
and what you call me a blue chubby fairy
anyway anyway and the whole point is
that Casca from her ordeal because she
had a bad time has no memory she acts
like a little child she giggles she
doesn't talk she's just clueless about
the world around her and so it got to
trying to take her to the home of the
elves to get her brain cured or
something and so he hears about the
Mandragora which for anyone who knows
what what the legend of the Mandrake
route is you know you pick it's like in
Harry Potter Rob you pick him up the
screen as a grown-up one will make your
head explode or some shit anyway so
sounds like fun so anyway it's you know
them getting all caught up in this one
thing because the main bad guy his wife
has the same problem Casca does but it's
long story I'm not getting onto it this
is really a game worth playing really is
a game worth playing it's really fun so
of course it it it ends gruesome just
like anything related to berserk ends
and but it's just really really a fun
game and like I said there was a another
version that came out on PlayStation 2
there's also the soundtrack now what's
really cool about this is
horses was the opening theme song to the
anime and the guy who did the soundtrack
for the anime and the opening theme and
everything did did all the music in the
game and he did a special version of the
opening song
she did a special version of the of the
opening so it really this is actually I
think one of the best tie-ins because
you don't really have to me if you've
been keeping up with the series you
don't really have to guess about where
it's gone where the specific
this is actually one of my favorite
pieces of music ever what what everybody
from the living room keeps coming in
here to derail the show Dan is just
waving and tell everybody around tell
everyone how awesome this game is he
left he left yet chicken but head dessert
chicken I'm disowning you Peter would
tell you that what happens to chickens
is something like this dessert game yeah
but at any rate oh here you next time
you have a chicken McNugget you always
gets mad at me because I go to the
startup by lunch meet what the fuck
bitch you are eating that chicken or I'll
give it to Eric Joker yes dessert hello
we do a show here it's about on the one
that was on Dreamcast yes dessert
sucking was hard as nails it was like
you get to know throughout his odd and
he's like by the way I know you thought
you were good at 3d action games but you
saw and he'll kill you and kill you and
kill you and kill you until you finally
man up enough to beat them the rest of
the game is fucking harder than hell yes
and the story is a little bit dark no
no berserk saw bright Mary it's very
similar to the story of rape and
insanity and that's just the back story
they had called the game rape and
insanity it would have sold more but
berserk everybody thinks that's a game
with a bouncing happy face no electric
maze it's spelled differently that's
spelled with a Z okay it has a lot of
also hard as nails anything else chicken
check it
Dan was actually right that's pretty
much how the series ends I have a laser
disk now I like to berserk so that's
very cool you have your mr. J anyway
berserk was a series that I was so into
I loved the anime piss off and give me
I apologize to listeners there's just
insanity going on in the studio tonight
it's like it it's like our show has the
red ring of death tonight because it's
the 360 s episode so congratulations
Dan you broke the show tonight five
gamerscore all right yeah well I got
your chicken right here
there goes no it's in the fridge anyway
yeah when Dan says that the back story
for for this game is rape and insanity
he means that literally seriously that's
how did the TV series ends that's why
Costco's fucked up so um it's it was a
really you know what I have to say I was
surprised that the game came over here
because the anime hadn't been out over
here they didn't turn the blood into
sweat or anything no no it was vicious
but they brought the game out over here
and didn't really give any real back
story to it it was before the anime you
could only get it I think like in early
fan subs and the manga was all not even
that I don't even think there were many
fan translations out at the time so it
was just like berserk here you go and
I'm like dude what the hell hey I like
this and then I I watched some of the
anime and said to get the Japanese
version because I really love dudes voice
Hayashi Nobutoshi is like my favorite
voice actor ever if for anyone who
watched Fushigi Yugi he did Tatsuki's
voice acting and Bathora in Macross 7
not the singing although he's got an
amazing singing voice but that's those
examples oh and he also was um who was
the dude in Pokemon who had the earth
based Brock yeah whatever his name was
in Japanese okay him hmm no I think that
back the guy who did sauna's voice was
him it's an asana skate in um we run a
kitchen anyway I'm getting my voice
actors mixed up sorry but yeah I'm sorry
I'm wired you gave me chocolate I'm
like it's okay I'm just a this classic
even though we say miss we're going on
for 20 minutes is there anything about
the play the damn game and then or she
will talk more about it but I I do
weren't I do warn you if you have any
kind of traumatic memories never read
the manga I will say there's though
there's some comments from chat I own a
tropic earlier said this game is
sounding so good I regret never having a
dreamcast you should regret not having a
dreamcast anyway that's why dark sakura
does this segment so you can regret
having a dream that's it the next five
games I do are all gonna know the dream
time like every dreamcast game ever made
not look okay somebody who has more time
than I do look at the classic game thing
on our wiki and tell me what the
percentage of dreamcast games I've done
it doesn't count Sega Sega game dream
cast I have done less Sega games all
right yeah can we can we do a break now
I guess all right we're gonna do a break
we're gonna break stop what chicken help
if you're in the Sacramento area please
send help we're located Jamie's house
studio dark sakura the address is no
we're gonna go to our break here but
don't go anywhere we right back with
more of orange ons radio yes there's
more to come part a was one hour and 45
minutes tonight will we surpass that
with a part B I don't know but we'll be
here we're gonna do mailbag we have we
have list lists coming up tonight a
special 360 topic I'm going to talk about
PAX East when we come back plenty more
don't go anywhere we'll be right back in
just a minute with more of orange lounge
radio and welcome back everybody to
orange lounge radio on this Sunday March
the 21st of 2010 where we are taping
episode number 360 of our show that's
right like an Xbox 360 it just happens
to be that episode tonight and so
tonight we're going to do a list list an
old OL our favorite game show we're
going to get into that in a little bit
later tonight and the topic tonight I
will tell you now the topic tonight you
can be thinking about it so we want to
do something Microsoft inspired since
it's episode 360 so what is Microsoft
really good at stealing other people's
ideas and making them better so tonight's
list list is what great idea should
Microsoft steal next so or the idea that
Microsoft should steal and make better
next so we will get into list list if
you don't know how that works stay tuned
also with tonight's list list you will
be able to place your votes and if you
want I have to blur beta codes the
speaking of the 360 to give away to
random voters so if you want the code
tonight stay tuned and vote in list list
I will explain how that all works a
little later on but first we have some
rapid-fire news although I do want to
say before we get in the news sorry I do
want to mention packed cease just coming
up this weekend and I am going to pack
ceased and I do not believe there is no
LR next week because of it so no there's
a nap LR there's a nap LR going on
assess there will be no live oh well in
orange okay there will not be a live
show next week however I will be
recording stuff but it will only be
posted to the Twitter and Facebook and
our online communities it will not go to
the podcast feed so you got to stay
tuned if you're a member of all social
networks be at twitter.com slash olr
Facebook orange launch radio or what
have you it may even get posted on the
orange launch radio forum somewhere if
you're like I hate social networks but
it will not go to the podcast feed but
there will be a PAX special it will be
myself and my friend Amanda and I'm
hoping seg will be on that too speaking
of seg I want to plug his panel at PAX
East and if you're going to PAX East I'm
gonna be here for sure it'll be then at
the Naga theater Friday at 5 p.m. it's
the organizing a child's play fundraiser
panel and my buddy seg he helped put
together um loud which happened in San
Francisco you might remember we were
talking about that earlier so he'll be
at that panel so absolutely I have to go
as well so I'll be there I'll also be
around the show floor keep an eye on the
Twitter twitter.com slash olr and I'll
let you know where I will be at okay so
come up and say hello if you happen to
see me there I don't know what I'm
wearing yet though but I'll post
pictures or something on twitter.com
slash olr okay now we're ready for some
news Loki let's do some rapid quick
quick news yes so let's start off with
the release date for crackdown 2 which
is now being put into one of the most
dead months of the year July yes it'll
be coming out July 6 and boy does it
look awesome the game will be releasing
in North America on July 6 with Asia
Australia and New Zealand following on
July 8th in Europe following on July 9th
no word on exactly when Japan will be
receiving the game or any of the Asian
regions but yeah it looks all sorts of
awesome one thing that was supposed to
not be coming out over here apparently
is Batman Arkham Asylum the game of the
year edition will indeed be coming out
over in North America and will also
feature 3d support as well originally
they announced that the 3d would be done
in a way that wouldn't alter the colors
however I see now in the picture that
they have the kind of purple and green
glasses so apparently it's just going to
be the standard 3d stuff but they'll be
coming out in the early part of May and
then finally to coincide with the
Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker launch
they're going to be doing a brand new
PSP bundle it's going to be coming out
on June 8th and it'll be a greenish PSP
come with a copy of the game a two
gigabyte memory sick pro duo and a
voucher for some unidentified movie
download as well as an exclusive in-game
item for Peace Walker could it possibly
be Metal Gear espionage related the
movie just call it a hunch I don't know
yes I don't know they don't have a
Metal Gear movie well you know something
there could be an anime or something
right now I guess there isn't one is
there I don't like James Bond it'll be
quantum solace or something you know
something close maybe um and that of
course will be coming out for $200 um
some news I have for you guys final
fight double impact I hoping I'm really
really hoping this is also not one of
those games that I see through road
color glasses like we were talking about
earlier in the show but I don't know
final fight came years after double
dragons I don't know and besides it also
has magic sword and I know magic sword
is still all the Capcom like beat-em-up
games are pretty awesome well it is
coming April 14th and 15th depending on
which story you want Xbox Live gets on
the 14th and PlayStation Store gets at
the same we just pointed at Captain
commandos not part of that no but it's
it's weird because it's final fight and
magic sword like I can't think of more
different games like yeah they're running
on the same end I know but they're still
like completely different games Loki
they're not they have nothing in common
yes the same engine that's all two games
the present one that's the way I look at
it that's fine that's fine so I'm
looking forward to it if not for nothing
else for me it's a magic sword featuring
final fight because I I hate how magic
sword is being understated in this
release like that I don't know why it
bugs me I'm just weird would you like to
buy my namesake that's right you can buy
an ROB robot the Rob the robot you can
buy for the Nintendo Entertainment
System except it will set you back only
four thousand one hundred and fifty
dollars that's right it just sold on an
ebay auction this week but here's the
deal guys it was like pristine in a case
it looks like one of those sales cases
that it was you have in the store I
remember those yeah I remember those two
so somebody actually bought that with
the Nintendo system the controllers the
gun all that stuff four thousand one
hundred fifty dollars I don't know if
they remembered but it wasn't that good
like I don't know if you ever actually
played the Rob the robot but it was kind
of annoying wanted to get one for my
desk and trust me they're a lot cheaper
than four grand I mean you could get them
well yeah but these are in pristine
condition who cares and then the control
I gotta say in the display box and
everything's pretty cool but it's weird
to think that that was sitting in some
store that probably got sent it for free
but yeah if you never played the Rob the
robot before it was really weird it had
these little gyro things that would spin
and then you would have to move them on
to a thing that would push down the
button on your controller but then they
would start to lose speed so you have to
pick them up and rev them up again like
it was kind of annoying yeah um the nest
that I got was I think I got a nest when
I was little within the first month of
it coming out so I got the Rob system it
really wasn't fun at all and it was loud
it was so loud the sound of it you know
spinning up the things my friend had one
of these and I remember we tried to play
it once it was a little ridiculous yeah
yeah so not worth forty one fifty okay
all right and one other story for you
guys pac-man battle royale we talked
about a couple weeks on the show saying
it had the worst teaser trailer ever
because it didn't say anything about the
game now we finally know some things
about the game a video has it hit the
internet from the amusement expo that
finally shows a little bit about what we
can see in this game and we see some
folks playing the game in this video and
basically it looks like a little bit of
a mixture between pac-man championship
edition it kind of has those little
graphics and a little bit of pac-man
versus elements but here's the deal in
pac-man versus the other players are
playing as ghosts but that's not what's
happening here everybody is playing as
different pac-man but pac-man can eat
the other pac-man's with a specific
powerup and here's the coolest part of
all it's a cocktail cabinet so it's a
table that's the cabinet they're playing
it on it's one of those old cocktail
but you know the lamest part about it is
what you dots doesn't give you any
points there's no points in the game
other than eating the other players or
being the last one to survive I would
imagine eating the dots is how you power
up it's basically it's basically how you
eating the dots is basically how you
trigger more dots appear and more power
ups in here yeah did you grow like super
pac-man yes you do that is beautiful yeah
and it's a freaking cocktail cabinet
that's the coolest part honestly so
that's gonna look cool in some arcade
before the little kid spills their drink
on it but there you go that is what
battle royale that's gonna be my coffee
table you should get one of those
machines that's hot those machines that
would not be cheap dark soccer what do
you have for us I actually have to tell
everybody that Rob was grammatically
correct because pac-man is a proper name
therefore pac-man's would be correct
instead of pac-man now if pac-man is his
species then pac-man would be proper just
checking nope don't care I'm fine see
ya bite me no okay well for our friends
in the UK and in Germany and trust me I
tried telltale is gonna be giving out
free copies of the strong bad the
strong bad school game for attractive
people on we you're getting episode 2
strong baddie of the free and that will
be your your prize but there's only
about 300 copies and this has already
been going on so if you want to do the
the survey it's at SurveyMonkey.com
slash s slash and this is all capitals
lhrscxj but I'm gonna post it in the
chat room so that they can do it first
nice because you get a special prize for
listening to us live and Rob do you
wanna post on Twitter too the podcast
listeners at least can rewind and listen
to it again so there you go yeah but
it's only again only UK and Germany so
which I think is shite but oh well oh
well and for rock band who here cares
about any of these people okay um x pack
number one this is a rock band download
content there's blue spark the hungry
wolf I must not think bad thoughts and
Los Angeles I take hungry like the wolf
but that's not this take kick your butt
individual tracks is little fish and my
crazy big bang and darling deer ace
freak now ace freely though that was um
wasn't that the guitarist for kiss yeah
he's free was a guitar kiss yeah I know
he was doing stuff on his own anymore
outer space Carrie Underwood all
American girl snore one republic stop
and stare it's also of course available
for Lego rock band Oh Ryan Tedder and
32x anniversary yay um there is this
32x anniversary album Sega is going to
be putting out that will have all of the
tracks from space Harrier stellar
assault virtue racing deluxe Oh Lord
para squad metalhead and virtue a
fighter exactly the way they were on the
32x and it will be released through
wave master Sega's label on March 31st
for three thousand six hundred twenty
five yen about 40 bucks but you could
just get 32x and all the games for a lot
less than that I have a 32x the great
space mushroom why is there no Calibri
soundtrack on here I I don't know maybe
it was awesome track we didn't why is
there no knuckles chaotic on here I
don't know that game was cool I do love
however I do love space Harrier on 32x
because it is the arcade version all
right let's get into some Twitter topics
tonight by the way later on tonight in
part B our good friend Aaron also known
as why YR is going to be back because
apparently he has released a new game
tonight is it a sequel to three snake
360 no but it's still retro tastic
already awesome as if it was gorillas
360 instead of snakes yeah you will know
remember gorillas were the old basic
game that you get with dog yes yes well
you might say that this is penguins 360
so we'll talk about that in a little
while we'll go talk about that that but
it released like literally like 30
minutes ago or something like that on
the Xbox indie game so we will talk
about that in just a moment okay but
first some Twitter topics and I was not
a good host tonight and forgot to remind
people to post their Twitter topics but
that's okay like I don't want the
segment to be that long tonight so we
have listless tonight and now we have an
interview in part B so um yeah we got to
uh hurry hurry all right let's see
starting off with Tiger Claw 305 linking
us to a story about how McDonald's uses
the DS to train part-time workers it's a
DS based training now keep in mind this
isn't something that's happening in
America but it's something that's
working with McDonald's Japan they
actually use the DS as a training tool
using a training program called e smart
so a part-time employee will train
through the software it's gonna be used
in 3700 stores all around Japan and the
program's cost is about 200 million yen
not that somebody actually has to pay
that that's how much it cost to develop
and everything McDonald's thinks it can
cut the training time in half by over
half by using this new system because
lots of people already know how to use
the DS and they want to get employees
quickly out on the floor kind of
interesting I got to admit my day job if
you didn't know happens it has to do a
training I trained for a big corporation
and not McDonald's but you know a
different corporation and I'm always
interested in these types of new
training tools I guess you know if you
can make sure that employees are
comprehending the information given and
it's a fun interactive way to learn why
not at least a much easier way to get
some of the quote-unquote boring stuff
out of the way for lack of a better term
um let's see going on to blue swim
Twitter question did you guys take
advantage of Kmart's $10 off $20 plus
coupon overnight apparently there was an
online coupon for its NYC stores that
wasn't region locked allowing people
everywhere to use it no I hadn't heard
and I would be real it would be really
hard to get me to set foot in a Kmart
anyway I guess it came out around the
corner but you know free money is a
pretty good way to do it I gotta say so
oops we started to have mailbag music
play in the background there we don't
want that s to 100 Matt is linking us to
a story about an apple related incident
where Apple apparently banned a game
developer because he called the store
awful and horrible is the developers
name was Tommy reference and the Apple
removed his app zits and giggles well
for starters that just needed to be
removed but whatever apparently the
creator was that game developers
conference and he said that he absolutely
fucking hates the iPhone app store he
said that the iPhone gaming market is
like the Tigard handheld games of sorry
the tiger handheld games of the 80s and
90s you might remember those crappy
little LCD games like mr. game and watch
esque stuff also zits and giggles this
is the guy this is the company and I
think we've talked about on the store
they would keep raising the price of
their game to see who would keep buying
it and they had raised it up to over
four hundred dollars apple of course
didn't tell any reason why they took the
game down so there you go but maybe had
to be with the fact that he was acting
like a dick and if you bite the hand
that feeds you they're probably going to
cut you off I own o tropic asks puzzle
quest to discuss the puzzle crack puzzle
quest 2 is not out yet is it it's not
out yet it's coming out Alan I know
you're a big puzzle quest fan and you
like the gyromancers and those types of
games what do you want in a puzzle quest
to is there anything you're looking for
um just have it not be Galactrix really
it's not Galactrix this time no they're
going back to the old school puzzle
quest it's more yield a bejeweling yeah
so there you just want more of the same
you know no features you get to go well
they have like pickle quests or something
like that you know pickle quest I think
our soccer be all over that pick pickle
nights with a K pickle death all right
and lastly act death links us to the
story Australia is closer to getting m
rated games it says the tweet that came
to us at olr Lincoln is this story about
somebody I guess who is stepping down
Michael Atkinson is the South Australian
Attorney General and apparently he's the
reason why there is no r18 plus rating
for games he's stepping down and the
thought is maybe somebody will get in
there that knows what they're talking
about with this rating system so maybe
we won't have so many stories about
Australia gets such-and-such banned game
or what have you in the future that
would be exciting for them we'll hope at
least anyway for them all right let's
get back into some news the Loki which
got forced tonight apparently Pikmin 3
is in development and Miyamoto has
confirmed that I believe he confirmed it
before though if you ask me but whatever
apparently the official Nintendo
magazine in the UK was saying that you
know Miyamoto has confirmed that Pikmin
3 development is well underway over a
year ago it was rumored to be released
apparently around this time but it's not
obviously and no word exactly what
they're going to change about it
apparently the thought is maybe they're
going to announce something e3 I don't
know I've never really got into the
Pikmin games it's sort of like perfect
dark for me I'd never really played it
before I don't know if you think this is
a game I would enjoy or what is the
appeal of Pikmin to the masses I have no
idea to be honest I never played them
and I know when they were released the
GameCube one they only did the first
GameCube one over here too because they
had the second one come out in Japan but
that new play control series I don't
think it did very well over here and a
lot of the games didn't get released I
got released isn't that Nintendo's
lesson learned like stop supporting the
same shit we already had exactly and I'm
just gonna tell you right now Pikmin 3
is probably not going to be any
different than Pikmin 2 it'll just be on
the Wii and you'll buy it anyways
because you're sucker but I don't think
this is gonna have the same draw as like
say a Mario Galaxy or something like
that and you know and not that this
would be a horrible thing I think it
would be a very cheap thing to do but I
could see Nintendo doing another new
Super Mario Brothers game this soon you
know what I mean very it's very possible
I went to the chat room and I asked in
chat at chat.ownersloudestrader.com I
said chat help me out what is the appeal
of Pikmin and G Ditz replied is there
any? Hackdeft replied Pikmin is basically
an RTS but cute so that is apparently
what it is it's an RTS but cute so there
you go and ToaGak seems to think if
Pikmin 3 does not equal 2 then 3 does
not equal 1 Frisbee says Pikmin was
great nine years ago Lama Juice says I
like Pikmin 1 I thought the game was
really fun so I don't know it's just one of those
games I never got around to playing so ToaGak
also chimes in and says I fucking hate
the new play controls. Spike McCrew says
it's got calm music. So we need a new
Star Fox or a new F-Zero that's what we
need for Pikmin so all right well I've
got another story for you guys and it
has to do with the first lady Michelle
Obama yes video games and the White
House believe it or not and apparently
it's because the government has kind of
in a way endorsed Dance Dance Revolution
okay let me explain how this works here
let's move is a new program and first
lady Michelle Obama was there for the
kickoff and she actually mentioned the
game by name in her speech she said and
I have to say that many of you have been
very creative on this piece already
folks in West Virginia have taken the
lead in bringing DDR that's Dance Dance
Revolution it's a new video game that
gets kids up and moving haha new the
game's been around since what 98 many
other states use it as well and let me
tell you I can attest to Dance Dance
Revolution we got it at Camp David and
it'll make you sweat and it's addictive
in a very good way the president still
can't do it so anyhow that's cute I want
to point out that let's move is not just
about DDR though but it's more about
getting you know kids and stuff up and
moving so it's a good thing they didn't
call the program let them move though a
big groan from the DDR crowd I would
find them I love the fact though that
it's a quote-unquote new video game well
technically that's true they're making
new video games in that series all the
time it's just it's nowhere near new so
all right dark soccer's got a story for
us and then listless is coming up well
um steam is of course removing
Assassin's Creed 2 and silent hunter 5
but it says it wasn't because of the DRM
they are actually available in places
other than steam it's just specifically
that steam UK didn't wasn't wanting to
deal with it they said that it has to do
with local business discussion between
Ubisoft and steam in the UK but yeah but
it's no longer available well I guess I
want to try to fix it well you know I
know steam is denying it and it's
probably accurate because it sounds like
this is isolated to overseas it's not
really happening here UK specific yeah
so but but I still go back to the point
I was saying before when I was talking
about how Ubisoft DRM is not just going
to get Ubisoft in trouble that they're
going to be calling places like Target
and Walmart where people buy these games
say my game doesn't work and returning
it and the retailer is going to get
caught in the middle and the minute that
starts happening they're going to stop
carrying these games so I think it's
ridiculous anything I'll ask any of this
through all right well folks it is that
time and we haven't done this in a
little while on the show but I'm very
excited that tonight we are bringing
back for a 360 episode listless okay
now there's a lot of people in our chat
room that are kind of newer to the show
and they don't know how this works so
let me explain it for you guys what we're
going to do is we're going to go around
the room and we are going to create the
definitive list about a certain topic
and tonight's topic is the great idea
that Microsoft should steal and make
better next sometimes our answers are
serious sometimes they're silly
sometimes they're completely nonsensical
but like it or not it is the list that
we have come up with for the question
now once all four of us since we have
our special guest Alan tonight come up
with our list we'll have a list of 12
then the hard part comes we will each go
around the room and remove one item from
the list usually it's someone else's
item but you can remove your own I
suppose if you are feeling cannibalistic
like that that will leave us with a list
of eight then our chat room will vote
for their number one and number two
favorite in a private message to me and
then your top three answers based on
your votes will come up with our
definitive list now keep in mind you can
send us private message now if you have
an answer if you want to help the hosts
out and because you know sometimes we
are thinking of topics right on the
right in the heat of the moment I'm
Loki you can yell out your answers in
chat right now and they might get
included in the host list so again that
is the great idea that Microsoft
Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft
Microsoft I never met a carrot I didn't
like except for this one the great idea
that Microsoft should steal next all
right who wants to start us off tonight
Loki I'll call on you and see if you did
your homework your number three answer
for the great idea because again I want
to remind you guys where this topic
comes from project Natal stolen motion
controller basically Xbox live kind of
taking some things from PC gaming and
incorporating into their games you know
the Xbox takes other people's ideas not
that there's anything wrong with that
because they make them better they take
other people's ideas and make them
better all right so here we go what
should they improve next and I guess it
doesn't have to be gaming related but it
helps all right Loki what is your oops I
gotta get my own little whiteboard up
here to keep track of our answers Loki
what is your number three answer for the
idea that they should steal next the PSP
the PSP so making like a handheld system
essentially you're just the PSP no a
handheld system they shouldn't exactly
make it like the PSP but like you know
something that's a widescreen you know
possibly high def you know handheld
system plays decent games me ties in
with Xbox live arcade and you know Xbox
live and that kind of stuff cool so Loki
is kind of going serious for once this
is a little other worry me I won't be
like that all right fine fine
dark dark Sakura your number three
answer what should Microsoft steal and
make better pokey man Pokemon okay pokey
man oh oh I have to say pokey man that's
what it's going to be called pokey man
okay pokey man well I guess that's true
is that they you know the there was
rumors that they had that um little
monster-making game I guess that was
more a little big planet though than
pokey man okay so Microsoft's Microsoft
should make the Pokemon MMO for the
pokey man MMO pokey man okay uh Alan
your number three answer what should
Microsoft steal and make better Colonel
Sanders secret recipe chicken bringing
back the chicken reference that way I
can like go into the Avatar store and
get my avatar you know a two-piece in
the biscuit or whatever just by the way
Alan just made a drag race reference I
just want to point out you did you didn't
know it but he did how do you spell
Colonel I can't ever remember very good
Alan I like that all right the idea that
Microsoft should steal and make better
my number three answer the lesbian
tester they will steal the idea of doing
the tester and do their own show but
it's they're all lesbians it's making it
better so the lesbian test out of every
better why I mean it's not like they're
hot lesbians okay fine I changed my
answer to the hot lesbian tester all
right fine you know that's like a myth
stop it stop it is not true I know some
very pretty lesbians all right the hot
lesbian tester all right Loki your number
three answer this goes back to I don't
remember which list list but thank you
for the reminder from siren the George
Ford full cow grilling machine yes the
machine that can be only put out I guess
by Microsoft that would take George
Foreman grilling to the next level by
fully grilling an entire cow at one time
all right fair enough dark Sakura your
number two answer an expansion module
like the clique of vision hats you can
play other other systems games on it you
remember that don't you I remember you
talking about it expansion module number
two okay all right uh Alan do you have a
number two answer I want to see something
come back like the dreamcast DMU a
little memory card with the LED thing so
memory cards on the visual memory unit
okay visual memory cards okay I like
that idea that's a good idea any
particular reason why that it would help
with the pokemons for the Pokemon game
they're going to release okay very good
my number two answer let's see where is
my list my number two answer idea that
Xbox should steal and make better a game
starring a fat plumber and his brother
and a game starring a fruity elf with
big ears is my number to answer so
that's a mouthful there but you know I
just it worked for some of their
competitors so my number two answer a
game starring a fat plumber and his
brother and a game starring a fruity elf
with big ears there you go now we're
gonna go around and get everybody's
number one answer let me read the list
list for you guys so far. A handheld system, Pokemans, the Colonel's recipe, the hot lesbian
tester, George Foreman full cow grilling machine, an expansion module for other system games,
visual memory cards, a game starring a fat plumber and his brother, and a game starring
a fruity elf with big ears. Alright, now we get down to the number one answers. The number
one thing you most want to see the Xbox 360 steal and make better. Loki. Well if they're
going to be guaranteed to make something better, I can't think of a better response than sex.
They have, there's not really much better than sex but I guess if they're going to find
a way to make it better, more power to them. So yes, Microsoft impressed me by making something
better than sex. There you go. Make sex better. You know what, Microsoft actually can't because
there's already toys. No, I'm saying they've got to find a way. They have an obligation
to steal it and make it better. So sex is what it is. Would that be like a peripheral?
Whatever it takes. They would have to defeat Hello Kitty in the Hitachi Magic Wand. Dare
I ask for your number one answer, what should they steal and make better? Rainbow farting
unicorns. Rainbow farting unicorns. Is that, are you talking about, what is that, robot
magic unicorn or whatever it is? Whatever it is. What's the name of the game? Well my
original answer, my original answer was Propel. Propel, but you want robot unicorn attack.
Farty robot unicorns. It's, it's rainbow farting unicorns. Yeah. Rainbow farting. Rainbow farting
or farting? Farting. Robot unicorns. That's a special attack cause they fart. There you
go. Alright. To an all eraser soundtrack. To an all eraser soundtrack, you got it. Or
Netshot Boys works too. Dark Sakura, you need to let it go. Okay, your number one answer,
Ellen, what is your number one answer for a thing you want Microsoft to steal and make
better? He's thinking. I'm blanking. You're blanking? After the sex thing. After the sex
thing you just can't? Help ya? Sure. The Bible. Okay, yeah. Jesus. If they could do Jesus.
Super Jesus. You don't want to do the YouTube you sent me earlier? Alright, fine. Alright.
Jesus is the idea that they're going to steal and make better. Okay. Oh lord. Alright, and
my number one answer. I, I don't know. I just kind of decided to go for the obvious. Blu-ray.
They already did. It was HD DVD. But it wasn't really better. I mean, and they were can't
kind of came out at the same time, but now that Blu-ray is out, they can take Blu-ray
and make it better. Alright. Robot Jesus attack. That'd be kind of cool. Here's the list as
it stands before the elimination. A handheld system. Pokemans. The Colonel's recipe. The
hot lesbian tester. George Foreman's full cow grilling machine. An expansion module
for other system games. Visual memory cards. A game starring a fat plumber and his brother
in a game starring a fruity elf with big ears. Sex. Rainbow farting robot unicorns. Jesus
and Blu-ray. Things that Microsoft is going to steal and make better. Loki. What is not
worthy of being on the list? Unfortunately, we got to narrow this down to eight is a tough
process. Feelings will be hurt. Hair will be pulled, but it must happen. Loki. Which
of these is not worthy of the list? Blu-ray because it's going to get phased out anyways.
You're a bastard. All right. Blu-rays off the list. Dark Sakura. Which of these is not
worthy of the list? Sex. You eliminated sex. It's overrated. They're going to make it better.
Come on. Better sex. I mean, this is dark soccer has eliminated from the list. Why?
I don't want it on the list. No, I understand, but it's just funny. Our chat room is going
to yell on screen. There's going to be hair pulling. It's boring. It is boring. They're
going to make it better. No, it'll, it'll launch. And then all of a sudden red rings.
Oh no. And it won't matter for the guys involved. They never have a problem. I don't want to
wear red rings on my balls. All right. It'll be, it'll be over before the women enjoy it.
All right. Alan, which of these is not worthy? Oh, dark soccer is getting booed by chat.
Go in there and regulate dark soccer. All right. Alan, which of these is not worthy
of the list? The hot lesbian tester. Oh, you bastard. Why do you not love lesbians? No
way to messing around person. Why are you taking the hot lesbian tester off the list?
I don't know. Just cause it's my answer. Dick. All right. You're going to, you're going to
wish that the three 60 had the sex support pretty soon. All right. Um, the item I'm going
to eliminate from the list. Um, I am taking off, I'm taking off the George Foreman full
cow grilling machine because that joke is so 2007. It's the PS three that looks like
one. Yeah. I don't want them to copy that. That's the PS three things. Let Sony have
something. All right. So that's why I've eliminated from the list. So here we go. Lim can only
do veal. These are the eight that you can vote for tonight. A handheld system pokey
man's the Colonel's recipe, an expansion module for other system games, visual memory cards,
a game starring a fat plumber and his brother in a game starring a fruity elf with big ears,
rainbow farting robot unicorns and Jesus, which of these should they steal and make
better? Send a private message to sky in the chat room with your two votes. And if you
want the blur beta code, I have two to give away tonight. Send in your votes and the message
that says, I want the blur beta code or something along those lines. If you don't want the blur
beta code, don't send me that message, but you can still send me your votes. Okay. So
you send me an additional message that says, um, I want the blur beta code. All right.
If you don't know how to send a private message, I will recap that process for you in chat
real soon for now, back to the show. While those votes come in, some folks in chat said,
we made the list boring. We took off every single interesting answer. We took off the
lesbians, the sex, the meat. Everything was gone. All right. Uh, by the way, the beta
code is only on the three 60. You must have a three 60. Please do not ask for the code.
If you yourself are not going to use it. If you sell that shit on eBay, I will find you
and I will end your life. All right. Moving on. She didn't really sell those codes. I
mean, considering that they're floating around. Exactly. All right. Loki, what do you have
for us while I start to tally up the votes? Um, so Bethesda and in exile have announced
that they're going to be putting out a new game called hunted the demons forge. It's
a co-op, looks like a hack and slash game. Kind of looks neat. And um, they say it's
going to take us back to our roots. And apparently it's like a warriors and archers and putting
holes through things with sharp objects. And apparently it will be in, it's in development
for Xbox three 60 and PS three and games for windows. And this was, I don't know, gets
shown off at a GDC. Was this like the top secret game that Bethesda is supposedly working
on that everybody thought was the blizzard MMO? I don't know, but it looks like it's
just like a hack and slash game. Looks cool though. It looks really neat, but I mean,
I don't know if this is the top secret game they're working on and this is Bethesda, not
blizzard. All right. Oh, I meant to say Bethesda. I say blizzard. Sorry. I'm getting distracted
with the cage, uh, tallying the votes for, um, listless right now. Um, let me get to
this next story real quick about layoffs at IGN. Unfortunately layoffs have, uh, hit IGN
and um, yep, too bad. So sad. Sorry to hear it. Uh, but unfortunately a lot of folks got
laid off over at IGN and um, I don't know, I guess that'll be less podcast now. All right.
Times are tough and it's not funny when people lose their jobs, but um, you know, it's tough
out there. It's hard out there for a pimp. What can I say? If they really love games,
there'll be people doing it for free, just like, um, you know, many other people do.
So we'll see. No one in particular, Rob, right? No, no one in particular. All right, let's
get to the mailbag. Every week you guys send us emails, mailbag at orange lounge reader.com
and we read some here on air. Darkstalker is going to open up the mailbag, rip it right
open and pull out some of her favorite emails. I'm reading them for you right now. I would
be happy to, but my window that had all the emails on it actually just, uh, completely
vanished. I have to reopen. Can you reopen it real quick? Okay. Cause I got to tally
the cage match votes here or yeah, sorry. Listless votes. I'm pulling it back up. Okay.
Hold your, keep your pants on to do. I don't want dead air. Look, Loki, what are you watching
over there? Here we go. I've got the first one. I'm watching a violent video of someone
making levels in a worry where a DIY like blowing someone in half. Uh, here's another
one there. I'm shooting them. Yeah. Shooting with rainbow farts, sniper rifle. This is
from cheeseburger. Yay. Hey, as you may or may not know, I've been saving up for gaming
PC for a year now. I finally got the money just this morning and I spent 1300 at new
egg. This PC will be good enough to run almost any game on your highest settings. The only
games I have right now, a world of Warcraft addict and command and conquer three and a
few hours and hoping to win an eBay auction of crisis. My question is, do you have any
recommendations for games I should get when the game was released? It was no matter just
that they're good games. I suggest loom. Um, Star Trek online. I don't know. Some of the
like Borderlands is pretty cool if you don't have that. He also sends a follow up to the
email. Forgot to mention in my last email yesterday, my friend had a 16th birthday party
at John's incredible pizza. I know what a place for that. And I was wondering why have
you given it the title Johnson, incredibly shitty pizza. Wait, wait, we have somebody
here local that been to John's incredibly shitty pizza because those are only in Norcal
as far as I know, unless they really grew over grew fast. Well, did you eat the pizza
when you were there? It's kind of shitty and it's been sitting out for a long time and
little kids put their hands all over it and all that stuff. No, the place is okay. I mean,
actually I gotta say it was really cool cause one of the workers there once like recognize
this. I don't know how, but they did. And I thought that was really awesome. So Dan
was there too. Exactly. So, uh, you know, no, they're, they're fine. I have nothing
against John's incredible pizza, but it's a fun, you gotta admit pretty fun. The pizza
was pretty suck. All right, there you go. All right. Um, from Robert M from my last
email a month or two ago, I tried to be clever and use a reference to the spam filters used
on your forums discussion on the show. So my email was most likely lost to the spam
filters. Sorry about that. My question now is how long are the animations for the summons
for final fantasy 13 and can they be skipped? My brother back in the day generally enjoyed
final fantasy seven but was turned off by the summons taking about what, 10 to 15 seconds
every time, which can actually add up to get repetitive over the course of your typical
40 hour JRPG lifespan. Rob. Sorry, I'm focusing on tallying votes. What was the question?
I haven't seen it. How long are the, are the, are the, we have a shit ton of votes tonight.
How long are the summons scenes? Not very long. And no, I don't think you can, but they're
not very long. No, you can skip them. You can't get, Oh, okay. I wish you could skip
nights of the round. Seriously. When I would do nights of the round on quadra magic and
then mimic I had time to go make a sandwich, face myself a drink, come back, how that when
square heard all of the complaints about nights of the round for seven and they're like, how
can we get around this for eight? They're like, Oh, I know. Let's make it so where you
have to watch the summit and tap square for the boost. Do you remember that? That was
their answer to that to make you watch it with the power up. Yeah, that was funny. Next
up, that's all part of the reason why I hated eight. Just so you know, this person didn't
sign it, so I'm just going to say person who didn't sign their email. Um, have been wondering,
have been enjoying the, or maybe I'll just use the first part of their email. Sepwin,
I guess. Um, I have been enjoying the show for a while. One comment about Microsoft's
project Natal. You mentioned one thing they showed were racing games. As someone who's
gotten heavy into sim racing games, I think that wouldn't work well even for arcade racers.
Main reason is there would be no rumble or force feedback to the player. For any racing
game that isn't meant to be a total arcade experience, a wheel with feedback, preferably
force feedback is critical. I would argue even burnout games need some sort of tactile
response to the player. Best wishes. I agree, actually. That's what I kind of like. Like,
what was it that, um, Rush had really crazy feedback? And it actually made it really fun
to play, I thought. You know, added a much bigger level into the control. Anyway, last
email. Um, subject, Rogue Kitty. Okay. All be aware President Katt has gone rogue. He
shall forever be known as Dictator Katt. Mwahahaha. Snow villagers. Okay. I guess. Oh, it came
with a picture. Oh, pfft. Hahahaha. War on string may be unwinnable, says General Katt.
That's funny. I'm gonna save the picture. I'll upload it somewhere. Perhaps our photo
thing. Perhaps. Anyway, that's the last of it. Ah, I'm not done telling votes yet, but
we have some more news to get to, right? Or no, we got the FUs of the week. Some angst.
Every week we like to take a little bit of our time out and get some angst out and some
anger. And hopefully there's enough of it tonight to, uh, get me through the rest of
the cage match votes. I keep saying cage match. Listless votes. Alright, uh, let's get to
the FUs of the week, boys and girls. Um, FU to my digestion. Really. That's it. Loki.
Um, I'm gonna have to say FU to, um, I don't really know. I don't have anything. I guess
the lawn being too long. I don't know. Uh, Alan, do you have an FU this week? FUs to
unemployment. Um, my FU goes to, um, all the boxes on my kitchen table. That's my FU of
the week. Alright. Uh, usually I would be doing the listless results right now, but
I'm not ready. We had so many tonight that I'm not ready. This is where I had it in our,
our list, but I'll have to jump in later. So, uh, Loki, would you do another story for
us please? By the way, we will be opening the Skype line in just a little bit, but we
have an interview with our friend Aaron in just a moment. So, uh, stay tuned. Yes. Um,
apparently bungee has reregistered or registered new trademarks for marathon and bungee aerospace.
Well marathon of course is their first FPS that they released way back in the day. Um,
so perhaps a new game in that series. Um, bungee aerospace, not exactly sure what the
hell that's about, but, um, it's interesting. They do have a logo though for bungee aerospace.
Perhaps, um, they're seeing a rebranding of the, of a studio or maybe they're gonna make
spaceships now. Who knows? Is this some type of like further halo thing or does this give
us some type of idea what they're actually going to be doing after halo? Not really.
Other than it being a trademark, I mean, obviously I would imagine marathon is going to be coming
at some point. Didn't they release marathon on Xbox live arcade and I don't remember it
being very good. I don't remember marathon. No, they did. They did. Yeah, it was, well,
you know, it was an old game. Whatever. Hmm. Would you mind doing the next story too? Cause
I'm still, I am still trying to tally votes. That's how many people we had voting tonight.
Throw in a beta code and that's what we got. Okay. Um, apparently the counter 64 is making
a return. Yes. Um, the, uh, a brand new, I guess, uh, a keyboard. Um, it looks like it's
all inclusive in this like keyboard. Um, based on they're saying the cybernet, uh, ZPC GX
31 and um, it's kinda cool looking a little futuristic thing. It's got a, I think a lot
of those pictures, I'm finally done. Sorry. I think a lot of those pictures were prototypes.
Like they're not the actual thing, especially like that one where you see the old ass system
running windows 95 or windows XP is, yeah, obviously a little bit silly, but dude, I'm
all about the counter 64 making a comeback cause there was some, that was like, I, again,
I'm hoping it's not something that I view in a greater light because it was when I was
young, but there were just some awesome programs on the 64 and I love the fact, here's the
number one reason the 64 was awesome. You could hook it up to your TV. That's why, that's
why I won the computer wars. I'm telling you, at least back in the eighties, the personal
computer wars before the IBM's. So that's kind of neat. All right. I'm finally ready.
By the way, if they re if they released a new Commodore 64, what do you think they should
put on it? I don't know. A bagel, a bunch of music making software would be good. Mario
paint put this way though, the counter 64 probably have more applications than an Apple
PC or an Apple home computer. Hopefully it would be backwards compatible. So let's get
to the list list results tonight. We're going to do the list list results. Play the music.
You voted in here. It is the definitive list of the ideas that Microsoft should steal and
make better. Here's your top three, by the way, just narrowly missing the list tonight
by one vote. Jesus, Jesus did not make the list. All right, but we have your top three
answers. We have a tie for third place, a tie for the number three thing you most want
to see Microsoft improve on. By the way, this is it. There is no arguing. This is a very
scientific process. Microsoft, if you're listening, here it is. Number three, the masses want
Pokemans. They want you to take the Pokemans and make them better and tied with that. You
might have to fry those Pokemans and the Colonel's secret recipe because you got to make that
better too. The Colonel's recipe and Pokemans tying for third place tonight. Second place
tonight, visual memory cards is what they want you to steal and make better. VMUs you
take those and make them better. And lastly, the number one thing that Microsoft needs
to steal and make better, the PSP, a handheld system. That's right, Microsoft. We want a
handheld system as voted by our chatters. That's it. No arguing. We're done. Windows
mobile, not going to cut it. You need to steal the PSP and make it better. There are two
parts to this tonight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12
people want the beta. Oh no, 11 people want the beta code. Alan, pick a number between
one and 11. If you wouldn't mind. Four, four, one, two, three, four. Congratulations. Llama
juice wins one of our beta codes tonight. So we'll be sending him a beta code in a moment.
And um, let's see, pick a number between one and 11. That's not for dark Sakura. Pick a
number between one and 11. That's not four, eight, eight, one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight. Amaze Satsuma wins a blur beta code. So congratulations to you guys.
Sorry to everyone else, but there it is. So llama juice and Amaze Satsuma win beta codes
just for voting and participating in the show tonight. You can too, Sunday nights at six
o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right at all games, radio, all games.com. All right.
We're going to get to the Skypline in a minute, although I was hoping to speak to Aaron, but
I closed the number with his phone number. When I was telling all the votes, I closed
the window, um, with his number. So now I'm waiting for it. Um, so there it is. So also
I need to send those codes. So I'm going to send those codes. Loki, do you have any quick
last minute stories to work in here while I wait to hopefully hear from Aaron?
Uh, Alan Wake, several download content episodes are due out this year. Uh, second season possibly
available depending on the audience. Um, I don't know if they buy it or not or how well
the first season does. That's kind of neat. Kind of reminds me of what they're doing with
a heavy rain. They're going to be releasing some demo content seasons for that. And of
course the game is, uh, set to hit shelves on May 18th on the Xbox 360. Uh, let's see
here. There, I don't know what they're doing with this, but, uh, their casting apparently
has been, um, released for the Kane and Lynch film and Kane, um, pretty cool. They're going
to have, uh, Bruce Willis to play, uh, Kane Lynch, however, is being played by Jamie Foxx,
who I might add looks absolutely nothing like the character of Lynch. Nothing. If you think
about it, not the be all racist or anything, but a black man playing the character named
Lynch is a little weird. If you ask me. Wow. Wow. I have no response for that at all. I'm
just saying. Okay. But seriously though, Jamie Foxx, great actor, but he looks nothing like
the character. Billy Bob Thornton looks more like the character. I think of course he's
a horrible actor. Well, at least now he's a horrible actor. Well, I think, you know,
with makeup and so forth, they'll give him the mullet and the glasses and everything
he needs. Look weird in the mulling glasses. I mean, he's, it's a different race. It's
like as bad as the whole Chung Lee thing in the last street fighter movie. Not Asian.
Doesn't look anything like Chung Lee. Oh, and can act. By the way, bonds as double oh
six in chat says I am black myself and I say no. And into what Loki said, yes, yes, yes.
Same thing ran through my head. WTF. So maybe Loki is not as insensitive as real time. I
see the Prince of Persia trailer with Jake Gyllenhaal in the movie theater. Every time
I see that trailer, I just want to scream out, he's white, like to the theater. Just,
yeah, you should. I have to add, this is completely off topic here, but they finally released
the riff tracks for the new Twilight movie. I am very excited to watch that. Not that
I'm excited to watch the Twilight movies, but the riff tracks were fucking hilarious
and we watched it with the happening. Oh my God. Completely different movie watching that
is just ridiculously funny. No phone number yet. No, I got it. I got it. I'm sorry. I
was just waiting for the conversation to finish because a good times. I like it when you say
things will get you in trouble. All right, so we're going to give our good buddy Aaron
also known as Y Y R a call because he's has a brand new game on the Xbox live marketplace
and the indie game section and we want to talk to him about it. So let's get him on
the line. We're going to call him on our Skype line right now and then we'll open up the
Skype line for anybody to call in at one eight seven seven. Hello. Hey Aaron, how you doing?
I figured it was you. Hey, how'd you know? It wasn't just the whole back and forth about
he ran off to get a drink at just the wrong moment. How you doing Aaron? Congratulations.
You released a game tonight. I am. I'm doing okay, which is pretty, pretty cool considering
this has been a bumpy ride. Um, you know, losing power from west Saturday night through
this Thursday evening and basically shacking up with my parents and doing all that I could
from there. I'm working on convention crap for most of the weekend and now I think I'm
coming down with a cold. Oh goody. Now that's right. You're going to be at PAX east, right?
Now you're showing off a snake 360 in your latest game in at a booth there. I'm going
to have all, um, I'm going to have all four of my, my games. Um, three of them will have
been released up to that point. And the fourth I thought would probably have been released,
but um, it's failed review on a technicality. So, um, it'll be coming next month and of
course anyone at PAX East is going to be able to try it first. So that's kind of pretty
cool. So I'm going to turn it from a, well, it should have been out into a, it's coming
soon and you get to play it first. How cool is that? Hey, there you go. Hey, that's some,
some reason why people want to go to PAX is to play the games first. And by the way, Ziba
in our chat room is suggesting take some airborne, but as the 200 Matt says, it doesn't work.
So all right, well let's, let's talk about your latest game. So tonight on Xbox live
marketplace, you released a game called falling and we have a little clip so you can hear
some of the music. Now, as you can probably tell, this game is very retro inspired. In
fact, when I first looked at it, I was like, is this like a remake of pango or something?
But no, this just because the little guys look like penguins and they're moving around
blocks. This is something very different. I can tell, tell us a little bit about falling.
Well, um, basically what it kind of is, is it's a puzzle type game at its core. Um, what
you do is you're, you're playing the part of the penguin right there. Peppy, the penguin,
that's his name. And uh, you're running around and blocks are falling from the ceiling because
Wally the walrus is trying to get into your house. Okay. Damn that walrus. So what you
need to do is clean up the mess and then crush Wally before he causes trouble, which of course
is touching you. You die. But you know, at first also Wally starts off stupid. He just
kind of walks back and forth and waits for you to crush him either by pushing a block
on him or, you know, um, dropping it on his head or whatever. But then later on he can
push blocks around, he can jump over things, he can kick blocks at your face, you know,
just generally make life miserable for you. So, you know, you gotta get rid of him and
you also have to clear the blocks by throwing or kicking the same colored blocks into each
other. So, you know, you're matching colors, you're avoiding walking walruses and, you
know, just generally things get pretty chaotic later in the game and it's fun. It's got the
retro vibe and, you know, it plays a lot like a frenetic arcade experience, you know. I
like to compare it to, you know, something like Bubble Bobble where it starts off simple
and then it just, it gets very complex and very action packed and, you know, it, I feel
it does have the kind of lasting enjoyment that a game like that, you know, used to have.
I think I pretty much captured that spirit. It definitely looks like something that could
be from Game Room. It's kind of that old kind of retro look to it. It seems like this game
is coming out just in time, honestly, for everything. So. Yeah, well, I mean, I hope
people download it and they, you know, they get the same kind of feelings that they get
when they play one of their favorite old games and then I hope they buy it. So you can't
get the trial in the marketplace right now. I'm going to go ahead and let the, oh, you
have several videos up here on YouTube, don't you? You have like an attract mode, some other
gameplay clips. Let's try one of these other clips here on the YouTube. Now you posted
some clips of the game. This is round 10. We're going to look at analysis as I'm imagining
things get a little more intense in this level, the bricks fall faster. Actually, I was playing
on hard difficulty when I made that video, so it's kind of nuts. I don't think, I think
that video ends with my death actually. Now there's multiple, there's walrai, there's
multiple walruses. Oh yeah, they come in packs. Oh my gosh. They're like real walruses. Actually,
I'm not basing that statement on any fact whatsoever. Okay, I've got to ask you, this
seems like the most obvious question. Where did the inspiration for a game like this come
from? Where did this come to you in like a dream or something? Like dude's going to,
penguin's going to get his home invaded by walruses. Like where the hell did you come
up with this? Well, to be completely honest, um, the, the entire concept for the game started
with my, I guess now ex-fiancee's, um, you know, obsession with Piplup. That is, that
is completely true. And I wanted to make a game with a penguin in it and I thought, okay,
blocks are falling from the ceiling. And then I thought, okay, something has to come and
be an antagonist. And then, you know, I figured, well, you know, I think I heard somewhere
that walruses in real life don't like penguins. So I started going with that. And then when
I had already drawn all the sprites, I decided to actually look this up. And according to
stuff I found on Wikipedia, the simple fact of the matter is due to differences in their
habitats, walruses and penguins in real life basically never see each other. So I went
with it anyway. So you found out that walruses and penguins were like mortal enemies and
you're like, there's a game there. Yes, yes, exactly. Now I'm looking at this, you have
another video on YouTube and you can see these videos by the way, uh, listeners by going
to the website for Aaron's games. It's yyrgames.com. That's all one word, yyrgames.com. And I'm
looking at kind of like the attract mode that shows you how to play the game, but I noticed
you have it set up. Like it looks like you're playing a ROM and MAME or something. Is that,
what made you decide to go for that? That's exactly what I was going for. Is there a reason
for that? You were just like, I want to make my game feel like a MAME ROM or you know,
you just wanted to kind of enhance that retro vibe this game has going for it or what? I
totally just basically wanted to make it feel like an old arcade game. From the moment you
power up the machine and you see the ROM test and you know, it puts the option settings
on the screen for a fraction of a second to going into the options and being able to adjust
how many coins the game costs. You know, it's all in there. Nice. But no real coins. It's
much different than game room where game room charges you 50 cents a play, but that won't
happen here, right? No, no. You can try it for free, just like all indie games. And uh,
if you spend 80 space bucks, just 80 space bucks, you can play it as much as you want
for as long as you want. I think I caught, how many space bucks was that? 80. $1. $1?
That's a steal. That's great. Now what is this? I noticed, I just caught this briefly
at the end of the attract screen here, that when it's showing the high score table, it
looks like the default scores say import Futari now. What is that? Oh, nothing. No, that's
a direct reference to Mushihime from off Futari, the cave shooting game released last year.
Actually there's another game that I'm releasing soon called Sharpshooter and I make a reference
to DJ Max Technica and its high score tables. I'm all about referencing other games, other
stuff. In fact, before we end this conversation, I would like to actually directly reference
one of the in-game references that I have actually in all my games and I'm turning that
into a giveaway for three of our chat rumors. Okay. So what, the chatters have to know what
it is that all your games have in common or what? What's the deal? Well, do you want to
do it now? Sure. Why not? Okay. Well, in every game that I've released so far, Snake 360,
Card Arcade, Falling, and also in the game that I'm releasing next month, Sharpshooter,
and by the way, all those games will be on display at PAX East and I hope that everyone
who comes to PAX East will come to our booth and have a really great time. I'm going to
be next to Mommy's Best Games and they're going to have a bunch of great stuff too including
an unreleased game called Grapple Buggy. So, you know, come, play the games. I'm going
to be running Snake 360 tournaments all weekend long. You can compete for prizes, t-shirts,
soundtracks, CDs, like I decided to go all out with this. So, but at any rate, no it's
not O-L-O-R-G related. Thank you, chat. But I will absolutely stop by the booth. Absolutely
I'll be stopping by to say hello. I am looking forward to meeting you. Absolutely I'll be
by. I don't know what I'm wearing yet. Everybody's asking me what are you wearing so I can like
see, spot you and see you. I don't know. I was hoping to have my frilly orange scarf
but it looks like I'll have to save that for PAX Prime. I have this thing called homework.
I know. I know. Bakers can't be choosers. But I'll find something creative. Well, I
know, I know my friend Amanda plans to wear a corset one day so I was thinking well I
could wear a corset. But I don't know how well that would go over. So, we'll have to
see. I'll, stay tuned to the Twitter folks. I'll let you know. Alright, but anyway, back
to the giveaway. Yes. So, in all of the games that I'm, that I have released or am releasing,
I have a number in there. It's usually in the form of in one of the high score numbers
and it's a direct reference to a video game company. The first three people to type it
into chat get a code to download falling for free. Woo hoo. Free falling. Save, save that
dollar by typing that number into chat right now. So, and. Not the number. I don't need
the number. I need the video game company that I reference. Oops, my bad. It's not Konami.
My bad. The video game company he references and he flat out has told you it is not Konami.
So, go ahead and guess. There it is. And you know what? And you know what? If, yeah, I'm
not seeing it yet, so I'm just gonna say what the number is. Okay. It's 765. I'm trying
to think what that reference is. It's gotta be like a. 765. It's gotta be, it's probably
very similar to the whole 573 thing. It's. It's not Konami. It's not Bungie. Me, me.
I see it. I'm waiting for two other people to say it before I confirm it. What, what's
the list of what it's not? It's not Konami. And the number is 765. Okay, three people
wrote Namco. We're done. Oh, Namco. Tell us a little more about the reference to Namco.
Yes, I am basically a Namco fangirl. Uh huh. So many of Namco's games are on my all time
list of favorites that I couldn't possibly not be a Namco fangirl. So I'm basically referencing
them in, well, everything. Nice. And you know what? Hey, hey, I will say this. I, you know,
we've, we've had our creative differences with Namco in the past. I'll just leave it
that way. But I will say this. This made me a giddy little fangirl as well is that in,
and I apologize for the listeners that have heard this story 5,000 times, but you know
I love this story. In the Namco PS3 game, the Namco Treasures Volume 1, there is a direct
OLR reference like in your face. It, it, when you go in, yes, when you go into the game,
it's, and it has to be the full version. It doesn't work in the demo. So you have to buy
the full version. But when you go in, there's a splash screen that shows like a sample cause
it's just showing off the new online features and there's a demo high score table and like
friends list and you see OLR in the high score table and then the person's friends list is
Sky, Dark Soccer, and Loki. Oh wow, I gotta go run and check that right now. No kitty,
it's on the PS3 and it's the Namco Treasures Volume 1. It's the one that has like Pac-Man
and, and all that stuff. I think I actually downloaded that. I, I don't know if I still
have it on the hard drive, but it's not. I'm getting it again. But it's not in the demo.
I just want to make that clear. You will not see it in the demo. That splash screen is
only in the full version. Cause the way the PS3 works is funky. Your demo is like completely
separate from your regular game. It's not like the 360 where you upgrade. Yeah, I know.
I'm not happy about it either. Yeah. So again, if you hadn't heard that story before, I love
that story so much. I totally support that. That's when you know you made it. We've been
doing this show for eight years to get our name in a video game was amazing. So we were
very happy about that. Well, Aaron, I want to wish you the best of luck with your release.
And again, if our chatters want to stay on top of your releases, Y Y R games.com real
quick, cause I wanted to ask this at some point, how long does it take you to make these
games? Give us an idea. How long did falling take? Start to finish. I started falling.
I'd say probably around September or October of last year. And now granted I was working
on sharpshooter, which is my release for next month at the same time. And by the way, if
you're developing a game, I would very, very strongly recommend that you never, ever try
to work on two at the same time, because as with most things, it'll probably wind up taking
you longer, you know, to finish both than if you just did one and then the other. But
yeah, it, it does take a while because you know, it's, you could have a basic version
of the game up and running very quickly, but if you really want to polish it, if you want
to, you know, take the time to work out all the kinks, if you want to have great sound
effects, music, graphics, every, every bit of it needs time spent on it. So, you know,
if you really, really have to spend a whole lot of time and effort on it. So, you know,
one thing I say to people, people really just don't realize how much time goes into a game.
The next time you're walking through a 3d environment and a first person shooter, you
know, don't just run past that, that intricately designed building and never look at it again.
You know, actually take the time to look at it and admire what, you know, a bunch of designers
worked on because they spent hours on that and we run past it in five seconds. It's amazing
all the detail that goes into that type of work. It's kind of like a movie. There's,
you know, the list of credits at the end of the movie, it really does take that many people
to make a movie, but this game falling was made by one guy, right? There it is. Well,
Aaron, good luck. I hope your hard work pays off guys. If you have the dollar, just go,
go spend the dollar, go support some indie gamers, go check it out on the Xbox live indie
marketplace falling snake three lucky winners. Watch your PMs. All right. And if you want
to follow Aaron, the website, yyrgames.com congrats on the release, Aaron. And, uh, I
hope you make some money. Oh, uh, I'm, I'm just looking to get my name out there and
maybe make enough to someday do this for a living. I'm not looking to make a fortune
or anything. Sounds, that sounds like a fair compromise. We'll see you at PAX East Aaron.
All right. You see that? All right. I'll probably be assaulting you with a microphone there
too. Just so you know. That's just fine. All right. Good luck. See you at the show. See
you later later. Aaron also known as yyr from yyrgames.com and a yeah, a little reminder
in our chat room. And, uh, this is also important. Speaking of indie games, uh, Bobby references
on his show earlier, but, uh, our, um, podcasting friends at a dead pixel live, they're another
all game show. Uh, the guy there, Derek, he develops indie games too, and he put one out
not that long ago called you will die. Well, apparently it is now the first Xbox live indie
game to have an official twin galaxy scoreboard, which I think is kind of interesting. So,
uh, yeah, that's, that's very cool. So congratulations to Derek on that accomplishment. Who knows?
Maybe falling being a retro game could, could be next. Who knows? We'll see. I don't know
if that'll open the flood gates, but, uh, congrats to all of our friends that are indie
developers, man. That takes, it takes a lot of work. Like I wish I had that kind of talent.
I would make an OLR game. I think that would be fun, but we'll see. All right. Are we ready
to go to the phones and take some calls tonight? Why not? I think so. We're only going to take
a couple of calls tonight, guys. I apologize to those that don't get through tonight. We
just, uh, we got a lot of show done tonight. So, uh, one eight seven seven game. OLR is
the number to call or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio. Loki real quick. Did
you have any other last minute stories before we, um, get to the phones? Yeah, there's this
new game. It's a new music game coming out called power gig rise of the six string, which
kind of neat about it is it actually uses a guitar controller that is a real electric
guitar. You can convert it into, well, you plug in an amp into it and it's a real electric
guitar, but it will teach you how to play a guitar. By the way, YYR wants to say he
is running a high score contest on falling and you have to check YYR games.com for more
details. Our phone lines are like flooded. I'm just going to take a call here and we're
going to go ahead and go to the phones. Hi, you're on. Whoa. I see webcam. We don't get
those calls much higher on orange launch radio. Who's this? Howdy. This is llama juice. Hey,
llama juice. Congrats. You won the blur beta, right? Yes, I did have fun with that. Good
luck with that. All right. Hopefully your video doesn't screw up our, um, bandwidth,
but we'll see what happens. Oh no, he shut it off. All right. That's all right. What's
up? What's up llama juice? No, that's okay. It's cool. What's on your mind? I went down
to a GDC in San Francisco, uh, last week ish. Yeah. And uh, I, I don't know if you guys
like, I, I, I got to the show late last week, so I didn't get to hear about anything you
guys were talking about. No, we didn't go to the show, which is funny because we're
not that, you must be in the area cause we're, we're just in Sacramento, so we're not that
far from San Francisco. In fact, Alan is from there, so I go there all of the time and I
was there that weekend. But uh, you know, GDC, they don't really let media people in,
so I didn't go. They actually do have media passes. You, you should, you should try that
next time. Yeah, but unfortunately it's kind of one of those double edged swords. Indie
podcasters aren't really a media enough for a them. Fair enough. So you have to work for
IGN or well, I guess I guess the media passes will be opening up next time. All right. Uh,
so what, how, how was GDC? What'd you think? Um, the conference itself was really awesome.
I'm an environment artist trying to try to get a job. So for, to go there, it was basically
a giant job fair, you know, with all the big companies and whatnot trying to, trying to
hire people. Um, but what was neat is that like all of the, all of the different, uh,
like Sony and Microsoft had booths there too showing off all their stuff and uh, Sony was
showing off their, their PlayStation move. Did you get your hands on it? Yes. Ah, I want
to know what you thought then. I definitely want to know what you thought of move. Um,
I was out opening day picking up the week, you know, I was out there waiting outside
for 14 hours and uh, the, the move puts the weed of shame hands down. Wow. The controls
for it were extremely responsive. Um, the, the demos that they showed were, it was a
lot of, um, really, really cheesy stuff. Like there was a little game with where you made
bubbles and a monkey tried to pop the bubbles. But, uh, as far as like the controlling of
it all went, it like, it was very one to one, very, very quick and responsive. Is that all
you played was the monkey bubble game or were there other stuff you got to check out? There
was the monkey bubble game. There was like the, that tech demo that they showed at E3,
like right when they showed it off, they had that there. Um, and then they had some other
game that I watched some girl play where she was like swinging some swords and mallets
or something around and she was getting really into it and it looked like it was very responsive
as to what she was doing and, and all that. Um, they were showing that, uh, if you have
the two controllers, it actually, the camera itself can actually do face tracking as well.
Oh wow. And so the, the camera can like see your face and the two remotes and then guess
where your arms are and all that. And so it can do like full bot or it tries to do like,
um, sensing, you know, where your body is. And so if you're docking and stuff like that,
it can, it can try to replicate that with a character on screen. Interesting. So it's
got a little bit of that because that's kind of the stuff that they're selling when the
tall. So it's interesting to hear that move kind of has a little bit of that built in.
So I think a lot of us are thinking of it as only a we rip off right now. So to hear
that it's got a little additional camera features is kind of cool. I will tell you something
though that when we were talking about this last week, I think one place where we were
critical of move, although, you know, I think we all see it as a logical step for Sony and
we all know they've had more time now to perfect the technology. So it better be better. But
the big question is, does it have the games to substantiate it? Because you know, if it's
just another bunch of little mini party games and so forth, then what's the point? Do you
think from what you observed that move has the, let's just go back to the old OLR golden
rule rule of a video game system is only as good as the games that are on it. Do you think
that move has the games to substantiate the controller?
From what they showed at GDC, they really only showed one game, like one full game with
it. And I didn't really see much of it. But I was talking to the guy that like the main
main guy behind the whole technology of it all. And he was saying that new SOCOM that's
going to be coming out is going to be using it very in depth. And so he's saying that,
you know, the controls for that are going to be pretty sweet. So if SOCOM is going to
be using it, I guess that's a really big title for Sony. I don't have a PS3. So I don't know.
Then even better, is this the type of peripheral that makes you want to get one?
And I've always been a sucker for the gimmicky, gimmicky crap in games. Like, you know, I
have all of, like I had, I got the Game Boy printer, the e-reader, you know, I bought
the Wii opening day, all that kind of stuff. And so this, this kind of thing, it, it does
make me want to buy a PS3. The guy said that as far as prices, the unit's going to come
out with a controller, a game, and the camera all under a hundred dollars when it comes
out.
Yeah, I remember that. They did have a little press conference. They said some of that,
but yeah, I wonder what, I wonder if it's going to be the Monkey Bubble game or what
it's going to be. So we'll see. Well, real quickly before we let you go, because we want
to try to get at least one more call tonight. Were there any other quick thoughts you had
about GDC or something like really interesting? Did you attend any panels or I don't know
if they call them panels or seminars or what have you, that you just thought were awesome
and you want to share?
Um, sadly I didn't get to go to any of the, they, they call them summits there. Um, I
didn't get to go to any of those because I got the cheap pass, which was still $250 plus
I live in Orlando, so, uh, I didn't really have the extra.
Oh, you came all the way out here just for that then. Wow. Cool.
Um, but what I will say is if you don't mind a little, a little plug here, um, I did a
vlog every day as I was out there, recorded anything fun that I saw at the expo. Um, if
you want to see any, if you want to see any of that, uh, I have a YouTube channel, uh,
youtube.com slash llama juice, all one word. Um, so if you go there, you can see a lot
of the, a lot of the cool stuff that they had at the expo. They had a lot of virtual
reality stuff going on. Um, a lot of 3d like glasses with gaming. Um, a lot of stuff like
that going on. It was some, some pretty cool technology going on there.
All right. So check that out on youtube. Uh, we'll go, we'll go ahead and let you plug
that, especially cause we weren't out there ourselves. So I might actually be going to
look and see what it was like out there on the show floor. So llama juice, good luck
with blur. Good luck with your schooling for all the environmental stuff. And, uh, we'll
see you later on the show. Okay. Sounds like a plan. All right. Take care, buddy. Yep.
You too. Later. We'll take like one more call guys. And I really apologize in advance for
those folks that don't get through tonight. Please, please, please don't be afraid to
send us an email, send us some tweets. Uh, one of the other ways. It's just that our
show is running really long tonight. So, uh, we wanted to just take a couple more calls.
You guys, I'm just gonna take this first one here. Hi, you're on orange on radio. Who's
this? Good morning. This is G that's calling him. Hi, G that's. Oh, it's the other Swede,
right? Oh yes. How are you? My friend. How's it going? Uh, I'm not too bad. A bit tired.
I've been up since two AM. That is hardcore. My friends hardcore. I really appreciate your
support. Well, what's on your mind, please. You stayed up late to talk to us. What's up?
Uh, you already talked about it, I think, but I just want to talk a bit more about Cave
Story and its awesomeness. If you haven't played it, you really, really need to play
it because it's freeware on PC and if you really like it on PC, you can always buy it
on WiiWare because he really deserves it. It's just one guy who made one of the most
awesome games ever. Now, where, where can people get this game? Uh, I think there's
a different, like a tribute site that has a download with an English patch because the
guy who made it is Japanese. Oh, okay. But I don't, I don't think he has his own like
developer site. It's Studio Pixel, I think he calls himself. He's usually just referred
to as Pixel. Now, what is it about this game that just made you fall in love with it? Uh,
it's sort of retro, the music's awesome, the story's actually kind of entertaining and
it has a, has a couple of twists. It's not your usual Mario, oh, the princess is in another
castle. You can't really predict what's going to happen. And it's just an unexplored fantasy
world that you've never seen before. And I like the price of free. That's good. Has anybody
been able to like follow the guy? I know there's like the language differences, but has anybody
been able to follow the guy and see if there's a chance of this, like, I don't know, being
an indie game on Xbox Live or coming out somewhere else besides just the PC? I'm not sure. It
is coming out on, on WiiWare and I think they had like a report on the Wii channel with
him and the American developers who met with him and like made the port. But I'm not sure,
maybe they have like an exclusivity deal with Nintendo because they probably want to keep
that. Maybe, maybe there's a WiiWare thing coming up. And I do notice, by the way, speaking
of WiiWare, I guess Dark Tetsuya is all excited. I think La Mulana's released is must be tomorrow
because I can't think of what else Dark Tetsuya would be excited over, but I know he's in
there. By the way, did you know Dark Sakura? I know you've been busy with your stuff, but
a Rondo of Blood finally saw the light of day on Monday. So a part of me wants to hook
up the Wii and get that. You should. I do. I need to, but it's, it's in a box. Rob, what?
You know how we were supposed to hang out last week and we didn't. I know. I can't this,
I'm going to Boston. I know. I'm going to Boston. When you're back. Okay. Rondo of Blood.
We need to do our show that we've talked about. Yes, we do. We can start with Rondo of Blood.
It would be fun. Anyway, hi. Heck yeah. Sorry, listener. Well, well Dark Sakura and I have
an argument. Jiditz, I guess I'll ask you, is there, is there anything else in your mind
tonight? I just, you said last time that you wanted to know like the phrases in different
languages when people come in. Yes. So I thought I'd just saying like hi is just hey or hello.
Oh, that's easy. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Okay. I can do that. And goodbye
is like hey door. Hey door. Yeah. Hey door. Hey door. Excellent. Can you go out to the
barn and close the hey door? All right. I'll try. All right. No, I really appreciate that.
And now I need AKA Ripper to call in next, which by the way, too bad we already did our
game show tonight because you and AKA Ripper are both listening tonight. We could have
had a sweet off. I know you already decided to bow down and, and, and let, let AKA Ripper
have the title, but dammit, I wanted my sweet off, but I guess, I guess it is to be for
another day because we are running way too long tonight. We're almost like, I think we're
like to three and a half hours at this point. So I almost have to go to school soon. Yeah.
We got to go and wrap this up. Well, you, uh, better get to school young man. And, uh,
we'll talk to you later. Okay. Yep. Have a good one, buddy.
So do you buy later? All right. Thank you guys so much for our calls again. I really,
our phones were like lit up tonight. Like if I, if we took every single call,
we would be here until G did like was getting home from school. So, uh, but we need to, uh,
uh, turn off the phones for tonight again. Uh, please email, please Twitter, please Facebook
and all the other ways that we let you guys have a voice chat room, all of that fun stuff.
All right. Ooh. Now's the part of the show where we wrap it all up. I think we got all
of Loki's last minute stories, dark soccer. I don't know if you had any mesmerized by
reading about the healthcare passing. Yeah. It's on a lot of people's minds
today. I don't want to get too political, but, um, it's definitely a historical day.
It's a day that will be remembered. I was just looking to find out what
the specifics were because keep in mind, all I've been hearing is all the crap from my
Republican slash libertarian family. And while I have a good deal in common with
the libertarian platform, there are certain things that I think need to be done.
I'm not going to go into it, but I've been trying to see what exactly made it. So,
So what exactly is this again? Is this that national healthcare thing? Do I have to pay
more taxes for people that don't have jobs so they can get their fucking healthcare?
Cause that's what it seems like it's like anyways already.
Um, I think they are going to tax the really high, high, high plans like the Cadillac plan.
So that was what I was just reading. If you have a really nice plan, you might,
but if your plan has like any deductibles or anything like that,
it's probably not one of those plans. Well, the biggest thing on here is that, um,
instead of treating symptoms with Existrix, basically the car dealer type of deal where
you get more money for the options that go with it, then the focus will be on curing the problem
and not the symptoms of the problem, not treating the symptoms, not getting a kickback for selling
prescriptions, basically. I will say this much. I don't want to get too much into what I do for
a living and to earn my paychecks, but I do work for a big healthcare, um, uh, company here in
California. And I'll just say, I'm really interested for work tomorrow. It's going to be a heck of a day
tomorrow. So I'm just, I'm very curious to see what's going to happen. But, um, you know, change
is always inevitable. And I think this is one of those things that, um, what was going to happen.
So we'll, we'll see what happens. My only, I will just say this. My only concern about the whole
thing is that I think that all of the other government programs need major revamping. So,
because I think that, yeah, you can change one thing, but you really have to look at what the
absolute root of the problem is. And I think that that's with the government itself. I don't know
necessarily that I trust them with my money. I just hope we get a new trauma center game out of
all this. That's what I really want. Trauma center healthcare bill. They could make a game out of
trying to pass a trauma center senate. Have you seen the South Park that was, uh, earlier this
week where they were mocking the whole Tiger Woods 11 and it was, you know, like heavy rain almost
where he's fighting off his wife or his girlfriend or whatever. No, I hadn't heard. It's about heavy
rain. No, it was, it was like, you know, they're, they're playing the game or whatever and he's
doing the apology and all of a sudden, you know, she comes up on stage and starts like beating
them up with the, uh, with the golf club and cheeses, the prenup, uh, power up and stuff
like that. It's pretty funny. I love SSJ was 100 Matt's comment and I'm even going to make it my
final thought tonight. So we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought tonight. Uh,
and I'm going to leave it with what SSJ 100 Matt said. Cause I think it's great
change. It's always good because you can take it all to coin star. Low key your final thought
tonight. I need me some money. Alan, thank you for being here on the show tonight. I hope you
got to say more than you did last time. I think you did participating in listless really helped
you. Is there any final thought you have tonight? I want tacos. We'll get tacos. We'll get your
tacos. You want Del Taco or Taco Bell? Uh, Del Taco. All right. See, look what I've turned him
into. This Bay area kid has fallen in love with Del Taco. I love it. Dark Sakura. Thanks for
strolling in late tonight. We appreciate it. If you don't like it, Dark Sakura,
your final thoughts tonight. Horseradish is still burning. Thank you guys so much for
listening to our show and supporting independent radio. We really, really appreciate your support.
We appreciate the five star reviews you guys leave on iTunes and we really appreciate when
you tell friends about the show and help spread the word. Yeah, we always want more listeners
and you got two weeks to do it. Unfortunately, there will be no show next week, but stay tuned
to our social networking sites for a special bonus special Rob on the road at penny arcade East.
And if you're one of our listeners find me at PAX East because I will be interviewing folks. My,
my goal is to have this show be like an Epic four hour show. Just me talking to listeners,
me talking to developers, me talking to you at PAX East. So remember what word has been repeated
the most? Me, me, me, me, me, me, the me show. Yay. No, it's the Rob show. It's starring him.
No, it's the gamers having a voice show and I'm just the person that helps them get their voices
out. It's the Rob show. Hey, look, you could come to packs too. If I could sneak you in my suitcase.
I'm so freaking broke, but you'll have to, uh, you'll have to say for packs prime in August
labor day weekend, right? Cause I'm trying to get Alan to go to packs prime. Alan wants to go to
packs prime. Yes. I want someone to pay for me to go cause I'm broke. And E3 I got E3 on the
horizon too. I can't, I can't afford to go to Disneyland. Oh no. Unless I have a full paid way
there. That's going to be rough. That's Disneyland ain't cheap. I know. All right. You guys are
invited to my birthday party that we can do. You have, you know what you do have your birthday
party with Disney decorations. My birthday. If you want, we'll get a little teacup. I'll spin
you around. My birthday party is going to be a beer pot luck. Everybody brings different types
of beer as long as it's good. It's a great idea. All right. That's it. We're out of here. It's
been an Epic show tonight. Thank you all for being a part of it and making it happen. You have
unlocked a 10 gamer score on this very special episode for making an awesome show. There you go.
All right. So, um, have a great night, everybody. We'll see you in two weeks with another episode
of orange lounge radio. Good night. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge
radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show. Visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time. The views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio
or all games.com, but we're probably right anyway. See you next week.
