Tonight, March 14th, 2010, Sony details this new motion controller at GDC.
OnLive promises streaming games for a monthly fee, and soon you can get Xbox achievements on your cell phones.
Hello, my friends, and welcome to episode number 359 of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Woo.
How are you doing?
Woo.
Woo.
That sounds good.
Woo.
Woo.
Not like woo, but woo.
Like a Ric Flair kind of woo.
All right.
Also joining us, say hello to TechMasterLoki.
Who I noticed is eating BBQ chicken Yes, so I have to be sure that I'm not getting chicken At least he has chicken Woo!
And BBQ chicken gets a woo?
Sure, I'm almost out of root beer and that's not good I got him to put no ice this time so it doesn't water down with that useless frozen water
Yet no one is eating pie, and today is pie day.
Happy pie day to all of our listeners.
I had a donut.
I don't know if that counts.
Actually, I did have something kind of pie-like.
Okay.
Pie-like.
I went to Charlie's Cafe and had the banana cream pie waffle.
They put pie filling on the waffle.
Oh, that's kind of strange.
It's delicious.
And they put chocolate chips on it too.
That's like dessert for breakfast.
I know, it was great.
You know how some people eat breakfast for dinner?
But like, I didn't really eat anything like for five hours after that.
Because it was like full of waffle, waffley pie goodness.
Waffle and pie.
I can think of no two better foods.
Unless there was bacon somehow involved too.
Yeah.
This is funny.
What?
I keep messing with Cheeseburger in the chat room.
He asked me.
I don't know why.
It's just funny.
All right.
You want to get it?
Yeah, well, he was asking me what my email address was, so I'm like, no, you had me confused with the other Loki, just, you know, because there is no other Loki in chat.
And so I just... And so he's really confused.
Yeah, but now if he's listening to the show, he's going to know you're messing with him.
So?
All right.
I'm done.
Well, if you want to join our chat room and get messed with, too, we do tape live every week at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
It's 6 Pacific.
A big thank you to them for letting us deal their bandwidth every week, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show, of course.
Daylight savings happened today, by the way, so we might be on, I think, let's see, We Sprang Forward.
So those that didn't celebrate it, we would have sprung backwards for them.
Anyhow, if you are listening to us live, pull up a chair and join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to be.
We're going to get into some gaming news here in a little bit, but we always start off, just as we have for the past several years, talking about how was your gaming week?
And DarkSakura, what kind of video games have you been playing this week?
Atari.
Yeah?
I played Gorf.
And I played Tempest 3000.
I played Tempest 2000.
I played... I'll just go ahead and say it.
I played Space Harrier on the Atari XL.
A beta.
A beta.
Interesting.
Is it like a new thing or like a prototype that never happened?
It's a new thing.
It's in development right now.
I met the guy who did the soundtrack.
Oh, very cool.
Pretty cool.
I played... What else did I play?
I played Centipede on the Atari XL with a remapped trackball.
Played a little Peggle.
Played a lot of... Actually, not really a whole lot of Star Trek Online.
I did like a battle.
And...
Yeah.
Alright, we'll come back to DarkSakura a little later about all the Atari stuff.
Dan actually got Gradius, the Gradius thing for Wii.
The Gradius Rebirth.
Yeah.
The redone Gradius.
Yeah, and so it was fun watching him cuss at the Moai heads.
You know, I bought that, but I didn't really play enough of it.
I got distracted with something else that was going on that week.
It's anger-inducing.
Of course, of course.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, not too eventful.
I played Final Fantasy XIII, and I'm maybe like six hours into it.
and played more Grand Theft Auto and actually part of the week our internet was down at work or our network in the room that we have the 360s in so we ended up playing some old school Saints Row 1 deathmatch multiplayer so that was fun because you can do system link on those and they don't require Xbox Live.
Um, and then I did check out the demo for Just Cause 2.
It's pretty fun.
Not as fun as I would hoped.
Um, but I think I'd like it.
It's kind of got that, um, Mercenaries 2 vibe to it.
I mean, it's very similar, obviously, to the first Just Cause game.
But, um, thankfully it is...
Well, very much higher production value than Mercenaries 2.
I mean, that game was glitched out every which way possible, so.
I did finish downloading the Blur multiplayer beta.
I haven't played it yet, though, so that'll be pretty fun.
They're supposed to be adding some more codes for that, so hopefully I'll be able to give you one, Rob, so.
Oh, I got one.
I'm in the same boat you are.
I had so much other stuff going on.
And I was really excited about Blur, too, but I keep... I'll get into it in a minute.
So yeah, I think that's really all I played this week.
I tried going back to play some more Borderlands, but since I've been modding the hell out of it, I finally downloaded the patch that's supposed to get rid of all that stuff, and it kind of jacked up my game.
Like, now it won't load my save game correctly, and it's not a big deal because I don't really care about the progress in the game or my level or whatever because I've been cheating anyways.
It's just that...
I don't have to go do all those quests again because it's a lot of just running around.
It's really annoying.
So I have to go through and get to be fixed again.
And then I'll cheat again.
Oh, by the way, I am also cheating through Final Fantasy XIII because you can edit the save games to do all sorts of crazy stuff.
If you can cheat it or hack it or crack it, Loki's probably done it.
By the way, speaking of hacking and cheating I think Dan wants to talk to you about something related to a Japanese Xbox game.
Okay.
Awesome.
Anyhow, if that's it for Loki's Gaming Week, then I'll go ahead.
My Gaming Week, yeah, like Loki said, I got into the Blur Beta, but sadly I've just been so into Final Fantasy XIII that all of my gaming time has been sucked into Final Fantasy XIII.
I'm about 16 hours in at this point, and I get the sense I am right before something epic that's going to happen in the story.
Again, I'm not going to give out spoilers.
I am very...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think a lot of people played through the first three hours and there's definitely your characters that are likable and dislikable.
But the thing that was mentioned last week, the game is like a banana that slowly peels back to reveal all of its layers.
Or maybe like an everlasting gobstopper because it takes so long to get through.
And there's all these different colored layers.
You definitely start to see that there is more to the story than what you saw in the first few hours.
It's very interesting.
I do like the weapon upgrade system because I was wondering what all those components were for.
Yeah.
I thought it was going to be more of like crafting though, instead of like, okay, these components equal X number of experience and your levels go up and the weapon does more damage or whatever.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I want to get into it because it's pretty big.
I'm just wondering if we kill the cyber pope because, you know, he looks like he has it coming.
My favorite character, though, I think is still Saz because he does have a chocobo that lives in his hair.
And the chocobo gets a little more personality as the story goes on and it's disgustingly cute.
Disgustingly cute.
And I was going to say that the Shiva sister's
Their motorcycle is naughty.
I am so happy that Final Fantasy has gone back to this just epic, over-the-top summons thing in the game.
Back to Final Fantasy VII where it was like Knights of the Round and all this...
Well, yeah, 10 had it too.
It did, it did.
There was one.
10 did have the Shiva that would come out and snap her fingers, boop, and then the ice would shatter everywhere.
It's nice to see that again.
There was one part, though, of the game that I didn't like, so, I mean, it was kind of annoying, thankfully.
It was a really short section of the game, but, you know, they kind of tried to change the gameplay up a little bit.
When you get that little mech thing that you walk around in for about five, not even five minutes, like two minutes, that was a waste of time.
I can see why some people are kind of on Final Fantasy XIII because it does change things up a lot.
And yeah, you don't really go out into this world map and go to towns and stuff like you do in a Final Fantasy game.
But you didn't in X either.
If you think about it, remember, it was just the airship in different spots that you could kind of drop down into.
A lot of these next-gen games are kind of like that too.
Lost Odyssey.
There's a lot I see besides the battle systems are completely different, but the way you move around the map and everything is very similar to Lost Odyssey.
You have these relatively linear dungeons with different branches and so forth, but Lost Odyssey didn't get a lot of crap, but clearly Final Fantasy XIII is.
People just have an idea of what they think Final Fantasy should be, and if it's not that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
TigerClaw in our chatroom, chat.orangelandreda.com says Sky, he would have to wash his hair every day though to clean out all the Chocobo poo I do want to point out that Chocobo is capable of flying out of the hair and you do see that happening so he hopefully is potty trained to fly out of the hair and go to a nearby tree or something they don't really get into that and normally animals don't poop where they sleep, you know
Just like... You know, there's just some cases where you don't have to explain the bathroom thing.
Like, take 24, for example.
On the show 24, it's so fast-paced and action-paced, you don't ever stop to really think, when do these characters have time to poo?
When they're not showing them, you know?
It's just like, when it goes to some other character.
but these are things you don't think about because 24 is so action packed and there's so much going on you're not supposed to be thinking about gee I wonder if Jack's gotta go anyhow are all the scenes always focused on him?
What's that?
Are all the scenes always focused on him?
No, they're not.
So then he pees when... Well, he's usually in situations where it's not like there's a bathroom nearby.
Depends, Rob, depends.
When he's tied to a chair getting tortured.
Depends.
All right, forget it.
Although that would be awesome to spend a whole episode based on him trying to find a bathroom.
No, it would not be awesome, actually.
Yes, it would.
Well, it's being canceled, so oh well.
No, NBC might buy it now that they have five hours available on weeknights.
That's the rumor anyway.
24 is a great show, although it's one of those shows where it's like, I missed an episode, so now I can't watch any of it, because you miss one, you miss everything.
It's like Lost.
People just obsess with Lost, and I get why.
There's a lot to it.
Again, if you missed that first episode, I think you're just lost.
Period.
Anyhow.
Yeah, just like Brad from PodCulture said, he pees during the commercial break, just like everybody else does.
Liquid Parrot in chatroom asks, I'm playing Final Fantasy XIII now.
I'm getting five stars after every battle, but what's the point?
Is there even EXP in this game?
There is not EXP, but there's crystal points that let you move around the board, similar to Final Fantasy X's level-up system.
The stars, I believe, affect your loot.
You can sometimes get loot affected by the stars.
I think more importantly, your Technic points, which I don't know if you're to the point in the game where you're using those yet, but they allow you to cast spells like Libra.
You will see how that comes into play if you're not already there.
The star ratings affect how fast your bar fills up for Technic points.
So there you go.
Anyhow, other games.
I think I mentioned WoW.
I'm playing Warcraft.
My boyfriend and I made it to Outlands on the characters we've been working on for a couple months, so yay that.
And then Mega Man 10 came out this week on PlayStation.
I didn't play it really a lot.
I just kind of downloaded it and went in and went, ooh, pretty, and well, not really pretty, but retrotastic.
And I went in and watched the replays.
Oddly enough, that was the first thing I did.
I went in to watch replays and watch people just do speedruns on these stages that are insane.
that's kind of a cool thing I don't remember if Mega Man 9 had that if it did I just never looked for it but for some reason that jumped right out at me in this Mega Man 10 and that was one of the first things I did so I need to play that a little more it's nice though that I can watch movies on how to beat stages when I don't know what to do so that was pretty much it for my gaming week let's go to some housekeeping Jamie you went to an event today where you played all these Atari games give us a little wrap up on what this was all about
I went to the Atari Party 2010, which I guess I didn't really know about this before, but apparently they do it every year.
And it was basically this kind of house-like structure in Davis.
It had a kitchen and a big room, but...
They just had Atari systems looked up everywhere.
And I met a man named Sal who... I said I was going to mention his thing, but I put my piece of paper with everything on there.
Mention it next week.
Atlantis Games, I think is what he said it was.
I will definitely make a big mention of it.
It was really cool.
He did soundtracks for a lot of, I guess, new releases or ports of other games.
Or releases of prototypes and other ones.
Right now they're working on Outrun and Space Harrier.
for the Atari XL, which was a computer version of the 5200.
It's funny his company's called Atlantis Games if that was the name because Atlantis was one and I thought I looked it up on Wikipedia real quick just to jog my memory I thought Atlantis was one of those big big Atari 2600 games that was really well loved and yeah there's some screenshots here was that one of those a magic game so it had that very unique looking cartridge with like the orange that was a great 2600 game so I don't know if the company is named an ode to that game or what but
Axel F Axel F
and somehow Van Halen's jump usually makes an appearance at some point too.
Maybe he didn't do it, but somebody did.
At any rate, they also had this is, because keep in mind my brain's kind of fried from being out so long, but they had the DVD game system.
You know how some of the DVDs for a while they were doing like a game system hooked up to it.
So they had a version of Tempest 3000.
What?
For the new one, the new one is what it is.
Wow.
It was a DVD system that had enhanced DVD tools in it and 3D video game playability on it.
So only a few things came out on it, but so far I think just Tempest 3000 is the only real notable.
But they had one there and had it hooked up.
I'll link a picture of it to the chat room, but that's...
It looks like an N64 with that controller.
That's what I thought it was at first.
Wow, that's kind of neat.
And so I looked at it and I was like, oh no, that's a new one, yeah.
But I played Tempest 3000 and there was actually some video up of Dan playing Tempest 3000 because I recorded stuff with my iPhone.
Did you already put it on your YouTube?
It's on my YouTube right now.
So it's on your YouTube channel.
Are you going to give that out publicly or...?
Yeah, it's OLR DarkSakura.
Or DarkSakura OLR or something.
You know it.
Can you find it, Rob?
Yeah.
But it eats a lot of battery.
Your DarkSakura OLR.
But yeah, I did like a couple of sweeps of the party.
And, you know, just, you know, I took a few screens.
Hold on, here's Tempest 3000.
I want to kind of play this a little bit.
You'll hear Dan talking.
Who did Tempest 2000?
But it plays on the DVD players that have you on.
We should have got you to put these on the OLR, YouTube.
That's all right.
I've got the movie files.
You can have them.
That's all right.
You can copy them.
I'm just trying to get a look at the game here.
Sorry, I know this doesn't make for great radio, but yeah.
It's very blurry.
That's the problem with it.
If this was on HDTV, it would be a lot better, but that's why I still say I prefer Tempest 2000 to Tempest 3000, because Tempest 3000 gives me a headache.
The score is gigantic in the corner.
The music's the same.
Imagine on HDTV, this would be spectacular.
Wow, almost makes me want to see a Nuon get added to the gaming vault.
I can't imagine if I could find one.
I'm sure they're pretty expensive.
Very cool.
All right, so sorry.
I was not aware of Tempest 3000.
I want to say it's one of those things I've heard of before, but I just really haven't seen in motion.
I've covered it when I covered Tempest 2000.
Yeah, but it's one of those things.
Hearing about it and seeing it and playing it are three different things.
There were jaguars all over the place in all varieties of Atari systems.
It was pretty fun, and I'm actually thinking, I'll find the stuff a little bit later for everybody, but the guy I talked to has an eBay store, and he sells the refurbished Excels for like 70 bucks, which isn't bad, because they're all set up to work with S-Video.
So, um, and, you know, he sells most of the cartridges that they do for like 30 bucks.
Because, I mean, it is, you know, time and effort went into it.
It is pretty much a new version of the game.
Except he did Tempest Extreme.
Well, they did Tempest Extreme.
That, because of how much work and everything that went into getting it to run properly, it's actually a 50 buck game.
But, I've seen it in motion, played it, well worth it.
So, it was pretty good.
All right, the Atari Party.
A little local event.
Sounds like fun.
And someone had a PlayStation there, and I was like, hey!
You're at the Atari Party.
Well, were they playing the Atari Collection maybe on the PlayStation?
That might be acceptable.
I don't know.
I just heard the little PlayStation chime.
And I was like, hey, that doesn't belong here.
You get that out.
Traitor!
You get that out.
Oh, and they also had one of the...
Now, you know, I ran into Neil there, and I didn't get to see it, because I was talking to the XL, the guy, Sal, we were talking about the music and everything.
By the way, since I don't think Neil's ever been on this program, he's an old buddy of mine from, like, junior high school, we've known each other a very long time, and so he goes to some of these nerd things, too.
Yeah, he also does Rocky, a big part of that, and is a big nerd, so...
Wow.
So, that's pretty cool.
Lots of retro love.
People still making new games on old systems.
It's kind of funny.
And yes, Amiga 777, it was a Jaguar.
Someone had a Jaguar CD hooked up too.
Iron Soldier was one of the games they were playing, so I was like, eh.
Whatever.
Alright, let's other housekeeping tonight.
Don't forget to use our Twitter.
Join us on Twitter.
We'll be taking Twitter topics a little later in the show.
Twitter.com slash OLR and you also can add us on Facebook, Orange Lounge Radio and we have a live journal community too at Orange Lounge.
We have an update from Breslul.
The USL Madness, the tournament to find the greatest video game of all time is almost over.
It's almost a done deal.
We have an update from Breslul on what's going on on our forums.
Hello, OLR.
This is BreathWall.
I'm giving you another update on the Madness Tournament in our form.
We're actually down to the Final Four.
It's Link to the Past versus Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy VI versus Ocarina of Time, I'm pretty sure.
Yes, Chrono Trigger versus Link to the Past and Ocarina of Time versus Final Fantasy VI.
Those are the final matchups.
We don't have that many votes, but both matchups are incredibly close.
so be sure to get your votes in tonight if you're listening live if you're listening via the podcast pay attention to the forums because the final matchup will be coming this week and we will have a new winner of the Madness Tournament for more information once again log on to www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on forums talk to you guys later, bye bye
Very interesting matchup in the Final Four because they had two Zelda games somehow made it to the Final Four.
But Final Fantasy VI is up against Ocarina of Time.
Gotta tell you, my vote went to Final Fantasy VI.
That's one of my favorite Final Fantasies.
Probably, I don't know if I'd say... I would give it the VI too.
And don't get me wrong, I realize I've said my piece on Ocarina of Time and it's still a great, great, great game.
But Final Fantasy VI is like a great, great, great, great, great game.
The other matchup is Link to the Past versus Chrono Trigger.
I personally voted for Link to the Past, but I know, of course, Chrono Trigger has this extremely loyal fan base.
I really wouldn't be surprised to see that win.
Although, you know, Link to the Past, if I had a Super Nintendo sitting in front of me and both of those cards, I'd reach for Link to the Past.
I would.
I would probably play through more of that in one sitting than I could Chrono Trigger 2.
But anyway, it doesn't really matter what I think.
It's what you guys think.
So go check that out in our forums.
We'll have more updates on the winner.
And if you don't like the games that are there, we'll poo on you.
You should have been voting or sending your top 25 list like we told you to a couple months ago.
So if you missed your chance this year, don't worry.
You get to do it all again next year.
All right.
Let's see.
SSJ100, Matt in our chat says Ocarina isn't a Link to the Past.
That's true.
But Link to the Past did have an Ocarina in it if I remember right, didn't it?
Wasn't it one of the early ones where you, or at least it had like a whistle type thing.
It had like some sort of whistle.
That looked like an Ocarina.
It was kind of like a really, really old creation of that.
Anyhow.
Game Developers Conference
Majesco is now being threatened by Nasdaq with a delisting.
The company now has 180 calendar days to bring its stock price above $1 per share, the minimum required to remain on the exchange.
The trick is, though, that it can't just pop up its fiscally hurting head above a buck for a day and everything will be fine.
It has to stay above the $1 mark, I guess, for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days prior to August 30, 2010.
Now, if you think about it, Majeska hasn't released much for a while.
I mean, really their big franchise right now is Cooking Mama.
And Cooking Mama's what, like Gardening Mama?
I mean, they've kind of dug that into the ground, haven't they?
Yeah, I mean, it's... They've got a few games coming out.
I know, like, there's Pirates of Plunder are supposed to be coming out soon.
But, I mean, come on.
Between Pirates of Plunder, Flips Twisted World, you know, a bunch of these secondary titles there for the Wii.
And, yes, I just don't... I don't really see this happening.
I mean, they don't have any big... They put out the Mad Dog McCree pack on Wii.
Oh, whoa!
Well...
DarkSakura
The BloodRayne games, but again, those are kind of old news.
They haven't been doing a whole lot these days.
No, they've only really been doing DS and Wii titles, and they've been very secondary, I'm sorry to say.
Like I said, the last few games that come out from them... Okay, Data East Arcade Classics Collection.
Yeah, that's a nice collection of games, but it's not going to sell the copies that they need to make money.
I mean, it's just... No AAA title, or even really A titles.
A lot of C titles.
Let me put it this way.
A company like 505 Games, I mean, they're pretty brand new.
I mean, they're relatively new, like a few years old, and they put out a lot of crap.
But they're putting out more games than these guys are, and they actually have some decent titles coming up that are pretty notable, like Naughty Bear or something like that.
Well, they may not also be traded on the stock market either.
Keep in mind that we're not talking about if they get delisted from the stock market, they're going to just go under immediately.
Although that's sometimes a side effect.
Well, Atari's still kicking.
I mean, not as much as they used to, but they're kicking.
They're kicking with the floaties and their, you know, kickboard.
But it's just, it's not what it was.
I mean, Midway, they went under and all their assets got bought out.
Majesco, I could see that happening.
I mean, you know, Gardening Mama, that could be something.
Or, like, you know, the Cooking Mama series.
That could be something that would probably fit with, like, Ubisoft even or something.
SSJ100Matt makes an excellent point in our chat room.
Chat.orange.com.
They should have brought President Cat over before they go under because President Cat would be a AAA title.
Indeed.
It would.
Hold out hope for E3 at Majesco's booth.
You never know.
You never know.
If President Cat does show up at E3, I will be going over to the booth of the person who had the balls to put it out saying, would you like to shake my hand?
That'd be all sorts of crazy.
Oh, by the way, like they did with E3 last year, Nintendo's press conference.
Oh, by the way, here's a Metroid Other M trailer.
It's like, oh, by the way, I think we have a candidate for a perfect title this holiday season.
This election season, we have the candidate for you.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then there's been a lot of the little thing that they were doing their conference talking about SOCOM 4 because SOCOM is going to be the big franchise that gets the support of PlayStation Move this year and I noticed they went out of their way to say look how you don't go flailing about
Like, you know, they really kind of tried to poke fun at the weed very subtly.
They said, notice how he's not flailing about.
He made these very subtle motions.
And I got to say, granted, I'm not a SOCOM player, so I didn't really know what to look for.
But you could see the dude sitting there.
And if it was a live demo, which I have no reason to doubt that it was, it looked pretty, yeah, he's just kind of using it as another way to control the game.
But that's just like the Call of Duty games that are on the Wii.
I mean, it can be done.
I mean, you can just use the one controller as a pointer and then the other one to kind of control your movements.
And then maybe throw in some different motion-sensitive commands that you can do for different things.
Well, I know they were trying to really make it a point, too, to say, look at the precision.
This thing has great precision.
This is a precise controller.
They were really trying to take a jab at the fact that we can sometimes be a little all over the place.
And I do agree.
It's probably going to be more precise.
Because they've had more time to perfect the technology.
Exactly.
But, I mean, from what their showings were of what they're going to be putting out, come on.
You're not that much better than Nintendo.
Like, for example...
iPad Move Party
Come on.
Oh, great.
More party game collections.
Yay.
You know what, though?
If that's what sells, that's what sells.
No, no, no.
And I don't have a problem with them doing that because it's kind of neat to see that kind of a party game with actually good graphics in it.
You know what I mean?
And...
It would be neat if they actually figure out unique ways to do this, but dude, they've got an archery game in there.
It's just like the fucking archery game in Wii Sports Resort.
But in HD.
Who cares?
Well, to be fair, there's a Lord of the Rings game coming too, for what it's worth.
That's a port of a Wii game and looks like it.
And then they did make sure to stress that they had so many companies behind it.
Like they showed a slide where there was just logos all over.
Pretty much all their big publishers are jumping on board with Move somehow, which isn't too big of a surprise, honestly.
It'll just be interesting to see if there's that must-have game.
There's that must-have game that really sells the move.
I don't know if SOCOM 4 is it.
I mean, SOCOM 4, don't get me wrong, SOCOM 4, there's a lot of SOCOM fans, and especially because they've made it a point to say you don't have to use move if you don't want to.
It's just something that's there, too.
Exactly, and I like how they do have the option there, and options are good.
I'm surprised Sony's jumping on that bandwagon because that wasn't really something that was their mantra.
Socom isn't really that title that has crossed the line to get everybody interested, including the soccer moms, which are important because it's their credit card usually with the kids.
It'll be neat.
I think the PlayStation Move party stuff will be okay, especially if they're going to bundle that with the software.
But my thing is though too, is you gotta buy, you know, at least one of these is gonna come with your kit or whatever that's gonna have the camera, which I don't even really need this because I have the camera already.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, what are your thoughts on Move?
What's with the lightbulb?
I think it's to be able to see the different players and where they are in the room type of thing.
That and because it's something that the camera can track.
Oh yeah, because it's all camera based.
That's why they have little glowing balls on people when they're motion capturing them and stuff like that.
I don't know.
Again, I'm kind of torn.
I look at PlayStation Move and I go, oh, okay, neat.
I like what Sony's doing with that.
But then I look at it and go, eh, but there's nothing that's going to make me run out and buy this day one right now.
Again, I'm not really the SOCOM fan.
That doesn't really speak to me.
I don't know.
These minigame collections don't look anything better than the Wii except maybe the graphics.
There's nothing that makes me go, OMG, got to get one of these day one.
Here's the problem.
is that they haven't figured out why they're not selling as well.
That's really what it comes down to is they think, oh my god, it's because this other console has motion sensitive stuff.
That's why it's selling well.
No, it's because it has casual games and games that appeal to families.
That's why it's selling well.
I just think it's too little too late.
You think they're jumping into this too late?
Heck yeah.
I mean, I think that Microsoft has the better idea, you know.
But basically what they're trying to do with this is that they're trying to put themselves on equal footing with the Nintendo Wii.
And basically then it's going to be, okay, look, both of these systems have the motion technology.
Now let's compare the rest of the features.
And when you compare the rest of the features, the Wii just looks like something from the last generation.
The minute this thing comes out, there will be that bundle that includes Move that they're really going to be pushing the holiday season.
Hey, it's a Blu-ray and a Wii type thing in one.
That's what it is.
That's Sony's strategy, I'm sure.
It does everything.
It only does everything.
Except on the leap years.
To be fair, Sony's made a lot of ground in the past couple years.
I think they've got to do this.
They're still way behind in the numbers.
It's a good idea, but here's the other thing.
Even with Natal, Natal's going to be the same problem, I think, even to a greater extent.
At least with Natal, and I'll give him credit for this, at least with Natal, I don't have to fucking buy $320 worth of controllers.
It's the camera.
That's it.
Done.
I don't have to make any more fucking purchases at all.
Well, they're basically stating that they're going to have the full lineup of the Natal titles at E3, which will be cool.
Of course, they've got EA, Capcom, Turn 10, Spawn Point behind them, and that they are, quote, putting their best people on the job.
So they should actually be seeing some pretty good stuff this June.
What big Xbox franchise do you think might Natal be?
I mean, I guess we've heard Fable already.
But my thought, and I remember making this prediction earlier in the year, and I don't remember if it was on the show or on one of the forums or what have you, but I remember saying, I think Gears of War 3 is going to be unveiled at E3, and it's going to have Natal support.
And it's kind of funny that SOCOM showed up with the PlayStation move, because when I saw that, I was like, wow, that's kind of close-ish.
That's like PlayStation's kind of...
Shootery type game As long as they take a mature approach with it Like, you know, where it makes sense for the game Not just, it seems tacked on And you're not flailing about like an idiot But they, I mean, Sony made a big point to say You will not flail around like an idiot So if they do it right Again, I'm talking out my ass It just seems like it's odd to me We have heard nothing about Gears of War 3 I have this strange feeling
you know it's going to happen those games are huge sellers I have this strange feeling that's the elephant behind the curtain that's going to show at E3 when DarkSakura talks about they're bringing all their Natal titles my gut tells me that's one of them I'm also though looking in terms of course there's going to be sports games that are going to use it although I would like to see how it would work with like a racing game if it would be something like you foresee you know what I mean
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
granted the technology has come a long way in the past few years I just really hope we see that and I hope at E3 they show Natal in a realistic environment and not against a really well lit white wall although you know that's what they're going to do so that it's super uber responsive because part of me is like how's this really going to work in my living room
I want them to do it in front of a big red wall.
Or a blue wall.
Or a tacky curtain out of the 1970s like you'd see in my house.
Or like, remember the Wii demo stations I had up at E3 that year with the couch?
They just made little living rooms.
Why don't they do something like that?
I'm hoping that's what we see.
Again, I don't know.
E3 is a couple months away.
I don't even know if I'm going at this point, to be honest.
I want to go, but I don't know.
I want to, but I have other priorities this year.
Yeah, not this year.
I just... Really, the only thing that I think right now is an advantage for them is that I don't have to buy extra accessories.
Because, really, that's going to be just like... And that's going to be a big... I hope they push that as, okay, hey, look, you got to buy $320 worth of crap.
Granted, I'm throwing these numbers out my ass, but, I mean, look at the Wii.
Lesser technology, same price.
You know, I gotta buy all this kind of extra stuff to get it to work versus it's camera, it's done, you just plug it in and go.
You are the controller, you know, that's it.
But then again, since I am the controller...
Thanks for watching!
But if they think of some really cool ways to like, you know, play first person shooters somehow, more power to them.
All right, we'll see.
E3's a little ways off.
But again, I think Microsoft's going to have that same approach as Sony come the holiday season.
Now it's the Xbox 360 with Natal or whatever they call it.
I mean... It's not going to be Natal.
It's not going to be that either.
It's kind of weird they still have not announced the name.
But I guess they could still do it at E3.
So they didn't announce the name until they announced the name.
It's funny... I get it, but E3 is rubbing up a little closer.
You know why they named it Move, right?
Because they couldn't get the trademark for Ark.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Who had a trademark?
There's some issue with them not being able to get the trademark, so they had to go with Move instead.
I think PlayStation Move's a better name.
Because their logo's still the Ark, but it's an A-looking thing.
I kind of think it's the better name for the mass market.
But then again, what do I know?
The Wii.
What a dumb name that was, and yet it worked.
I told you why it worked.
Simple, easy to remember, easy to market.
They made it into an adjective for games, like to Xerox something or to get a Kleenex.
They made the Wii just like how people used to say... I'm going to go Wii.
No, Wii is not a generic yet.
No, I know it's not a generic, but it's got that household recognition.
It'd be like Bounty for paper towels.
All right.
Let's move on with some more gaming news that maybe don't involve motion.
Well, it might, but we never know.
That's true, that's true.
That was something they were talking about.
But apparently, though, it has been announced that Rockman 3 will be making its way out this holiday season.
Not a big surprise.
I mean, they took kind of a year off.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Green Day Rock Band which has now been announced to be releasing on June 8th worldwide.
Also on the three major platforms Xbox 360, PS3, and Wii.
And of course we'll use up to six players, three mics, three instruments.
And they will also have...
and apparently the ability to import the tracks as well or export the tracks in the Rock Band 2 as well.
There's going to be all 47 tracks that are in the game will be exportable for I guess $10.
So it's basically Beatles Rock Band but now with Green Day and you can export the tracks.
I don't even see it as this release to me is not even as big as Beatles Rock Band.
I think this is more like Guitar Hero Metallica.
but at least you can export the tracks can't do that shit with Metallica or Beatles to be fair or Van Halen yeah or Beatles but Beatles that was a different situation Beatles kinda Beatles are in a little category of their own too you know Beatles is there's not a lot of bands that can get away with just being in their own bubble the music game genre but Beatles can Green Day don't think they're there yet but this this is this will be nice for them they have I mean they have a lot of easily recognizable songs that you know I think the export feature will be very popular too
Yeah, and also they said that there's going to be a special edition Green Day Rock Band Plus that will come, I guess, to Xbox 360 and PS3 for $69.99.
It includes fancier packaging and an export feature, I guess a voucher to export the discs to the hard drive, and six previously released Green Day DLC tracks.
Actdeft in our chatroom, chat.orange.radio.com says, also, George Harrison's son already said that there would be a Rock Band 3 and it will help you learn to play real instruments.
Wouldn't that be interesting if that's kind of the tie-in is more making it real?
I don't know.
Part of me says maybe there should be a new instrument.
but then I think it came up a couple months ago on the show I think the idea had come up that maybe what Rock Band 3 is going to introduce is something like the SingStar space where you upload your own stuff to like a YouTube-y type of site my gut tells me that's going to be Rock Band 3's thing especially with the network taking off as it is and so forth I think Rock Band 3 is going to be really about now you can watch your friends rock out from across the country all I gotta say man is by the time that comes out I mean
it's ridiculous the amount of tracks you can have you can have like about over a thousand tracks right now that are in that game I mean that's the way you do a music game right there you have the download content I mean literally there's a whole library of stuff to pick from and you can just keep taking it with you through each and you know reiteration of the game
All right.
Well, moving on to other news, kind of a follow-up to last week.
You know, obviously last week we had a very fun show here at OLR while the Oscars were going on.
But something else that was going on at the time was that Ubisoft games were unplayable because their whole service was down.
And apparently, and I think I had suggested this when somebody said it on the show, it was indeed a DOS attack, it sounds like.
Hackers went in.
Servers were attacked.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
But again, just kind of goes to show how their DRM system is ridiculous and was already cracked as we talked about last week, correct?
Yes.
Because there's the code in there that's very similar to Steam.
If Steam ever goes bankrupt, which I don't think they're going to anytime soon, but if Steam were to ever go under, all those games would have to be activated without Steam's presence.
And Ubisoft's games have something similar.
Someone found it and went, bink, and unlocked that for everybody.
Hey, what's this button do?
Exactly.
Ah, there it is.
Togak in our chatroom says, haha, I hope they get DDoSed more so they learn their lesson.
I don't know if I'm really an advocate of DDoSing, but I think this certainly shows the weakness of why this should have never been done in the first place.
Yep.
Well, how about something that's a little bit less irritating?
What do you think, Rob?
Sure.
Akira Yamaoka.
He's less irritating.
Good to hear about him.
He is less irritating.
What's he up to lately?
It's nice to hear him on a video game podcast because, you know, when he left Konami, there was a little worry that, oh, he's leaving to go start a band or do something not to do with games whatsoever.
Yeah.
We did a panel at Game Developers Conference talking about as long as audio is fun, the game will be too.
That's what it was called.
But he was talking about how the audio, how the music goes into...
And he's quoted as saying, when there's no sound, the brain fills in the gap.
and then actually went to play some music with gaps of silence and then went back in and added sharp sounds to it, of course, which freaked people out.
But I think it's very effective.
And then he played some guitar for everybody to chill them out.
I can see that because that's kind of Silent Hill's thing is that sometimes it'll be very quiet when you're walking around all you hear those footsteps that I'm sure are off sync like he talks about there you walk around with the footsteps and all of a sudden you start hearing the radio noise the very uncomfortable kind of noise and that's how you know something's up interesting to kind of hear the science behind that it's simple psychology I mean they even you know I remember back in the day when I took music theory
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Wow, there's a whole science behind it.
No word though about sadly what he's working on now or what have you?
No.
Wasn't there some rumor or something that came up a while back that he was in cahoots with EA doing something?
I want to say that had come up on the show like a while ago.
Maybe one of the chatters wants to fill in.
I seriously think though we haven't heard the last of him in games, that's for sure.
There's samples on the article though of what he's playing.
Yeah.
Very cool.
Alright, let's travel around the world and look at some release dates and what's coming out to a video game store near you that maybe won't make you so uncomfortable.
Well, these games make me uncomfortable because I can't believe that they're still being made.
Although technically this is not really a new game, it's just kind of remade.
Pokemon HeartGold and SoulSilver are out today on the Nintendo DS later this week we're getting Spectral Force Genesis on DS as well one of the big games this week of course God of War 3 making its way out on Playstation 3 the expansion for Dragon Age Origins Awakening will be coming out on PC and Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 this week as well
Fragile Dreams, Feral Ruins of the Moon on the Wii.
This was a pretty decent game.
Build a Bear, Welcome Hugsville on DS coming from Activision.
Who bought that game from Game Factory?
Why would you purchase that title?
I don't know.
Metro 2033 coming out on PC and Xbox 360 this week.
Sam X2, Beyond Time and Space coming out as a collection on...
PC, and the Wii this week.
That's the entire collection of Season 2.
Infinite Space on Nintendo DS this week.
A game based off, I guess, a Disney channel series.
Sunny with a Chance on a Nintendo DS.
Another Build-A-Bear game, Friendship Valley coming to the Wii.
Yippee skippee.
For PC though, this is a pretty big RTS game.
Command & Conquer 4, Tiberium Twilight coming out on PC this week.
Resonance of Fate, the other RPG you should be playing, coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Kind of a cool game actually.
That one's a little bit like Final Fantasy, but instead of using magic and stuff, you actually use Uzis and rocket launchers, which is all sorts of cool.
Hidden Mysteries, Buckingham Palace, Secrets of Kings and Queens on the DS, another casual title there.
Pizza Delivery Boy, kind of a little bit of a cross between Cooking Mama and Crazy Taxi on the Wii.
Hall of Fame Ultimate Hoops Challenge budget basketball game on the Wii.
And not really a game, but the new elites are supposed to be coming out this week bundled with Halo 3 ODST and Forza 3.
And that's it.
All right, traveling over to Japan to look at the releases that are coming out over there on the Xbox 360.
Darksiders comes out.
Kind of...
It's an action-y-ish game from Konami that I've seen described as God of War meets Zelda.
I'm sure that's interesting.
Also on the Xbox 360, Momo 2 Jai Daisen Ryaku Ultra Deluxe comes out.
Kind of a strategy type of game with these chibi little bombers and, of course, anime girls as the captains.
But it looks kind of cute.
Don't think that'll be a game that comes out here, though, so you'll have to import that one.
That's pretty much it on the Xbox 360.
PlayStation 3 has some exciting titles this week though.
PlayStation 3 is having something in Japan coming out this week called Torn.
And it's also coming out with a bundle.
And it's not a game actually, it's a DVR type system.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That is coming out in Japan this week.
Very cool.
Also, Ryu Ga Gotoku 4 Densetsu Wo Sugumono 4 comes out this week in Japan.
I believe that is Yakuza 4, which is kind of funny because we just got Yakuza 3 this week in the U.S.
And, of course, some of the articles that we've had recently on OrangeLawnTrader.com written by our
Lovely Webmaster Deekman They cut some crap out of Yakuza 3 Which is not making people happy I think on his Twitter he was saying Some like 20 different side quests and stuff Were all cut So hopefully if they do decide to port Yakuza 4 Which just came out on the PS3 in Japan this week They will not cut so darn much
Also on the PS3 this week in Japan, the God of War Collection makes its way to Japan.
That's pretty much it on the PS3.
Going to the Nintendo Wii, there really isn't much.
There's just one little title from Squeenix.
Oyaku de Asobo Miphi no Omochabako.
I wouldn't get too excited because I said that was Squeenix.
It honestly looks like a Sesame Street type of game featuring little rabbit characters.
That honestly, their mouths look like buttholes.
Like, I don't have a better way to explain it.
But if you look at their little mouths, they look like balloon knots.
And I wouldn't get too excited about that.
But, hey, there you go.
Sengoku Basara 2
a crayon game yay crayons and lastly going to the PSP Gundam Assault Survive comes out and ooh this is a fun one of it Jamie you'll be excited for this Ys 1 and 2 the 7 set comes out in Japan nice they've ported those games a couple times over in Japan haven't they I like Ys I don't think I've seen them out over here well I've got you're out of the DS are they out of the DS?
Ys 1 too oh okay very cool
Alright, Kevo in our chat wants to know why the hell did they cut so much of it, I believe, speaking about Yakuza 3.
I believe, long story short, there were some things that they felt were, well, A, you could just say they were being lazy, but they rationalized it.
I think some of it was like Mahjong minigames, which, you know, it's not really a huge game here in the US, so I guess they figured people wouldn't know how to play it.
And I think...
Thanks for watching!
I see a lot of friends of mine really into this game though so I don't think it's really affecting you know I think if you're a fan of Yakuza you're gonna grumble and cry but you still end up playing it so all right let's move on to the UK DarkSakura
On the 16th, we have Dragon Age Origins Awakening.
The 17th, Perfect Dark.
And on the 18th, The Calling on Wii.
19th, BlazBlue Calamity Trigger.
Command & Conquer 4, Tiberian Twilight, God of War 3.
Metro 2033, MotoGP 910.
And Supreme Commander 2.
That it?
Yeah.
Alright.
Okay, let's see.
So, one of the big things that they were talking about during GDC and actually something that Mike kind of talked about during E3 last year was OnLive, the streaming service that's going to be available for, I guess, PCs and Macs
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, and they announced that they're going to be launching their service June 17th, um, and it will be $15 per month.
And what's going to, um, you know, offer, this is, uh, depending on, I guess, um, you know, they're going to have like a micro console that's going to be released later on, I guess like a set-top box, if you will, um, that you can actually use instead of your PC.
Um...
and I guess also you'll be able to they're going to have some upgrades later on they're going to offer 1080p support at 60 frames per second as I guess more bandwidth becomes available and OnLive I guess is going to be going the first three months they're going to only allow 25,000 people in I guess they're going to be staggering when people can join up
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Some of the games that are going to be available on the service, they are mentioning Mass Effect 2, Dragon Age Origins, also later on Prince of Persia, The Forgotten Sands will be available.
and apparently I guess 250,000 people signed up for the online beta not that all of them were let in and it says they expect that the demand will far outweigh the capacity of the services servers and so that they're going to actually have people pre-subscribe well of course they want to fluff it up sold out hard to get into exclusive you know because they want to pump people up
I'm not knocking this because certainly I think this story has kind of come up before and it's kind of been just poo-pooed off as, oh yeah, sure, that'll happen.
But now they're saying, no, really, we're going to have this out in the fall and we plan to do this console and everything.
But explain to me real quick, and I realize there's a science behind this, but I need it really broken down for me here because I don't understand hardware so much.
How is this not GameTap?
This is basically...
I don't know.
I think it's going to be more sophisticated games, basically.
It's not just emulating old games or older PC titles.
Say, for example, you have a crappy computer that happens to be on a decent network.
You can run Crysis now on it, basically with very little lag or no lag at all.
Burnout, you're going to be able to run that kind of stuff.
GameTap GameTap
And this also, they're going to also have a kind of an on-live game portal that's going to be free as well on top of all this stuff.
It's basically like a browser-based streaming device.
They're also going to have free streaming of selection of demos as well as, I guess, a limited number of full games for rent for a per-game fee without the monthly service charge.
So kind of think of like what GameTap did except not free.
You know, like their little free offerings.
I don't know, it's interesting.
I just don't know if I would really, I would probably not use this.
I just don't play enough PC games.
Toy Gak says if it runs on their computers I might be able to play modern games again.
I'm assuming that's the whole catch to this.
It's kind of like having your PC as being a console whereas you don't have to worry about your PC being up to spec to run these games well.
You just have to have a fast enough internet connection and their PCs will do the work for you.
Interesting.
I'm really curious to see how this runs, especially if it's really that smooth.
Because I would think that this would run into a similar problem as the whole Ubisoft thing, is that if your internet stops working, the games stop working.
Because how else are you going to get the data from the computer?
Well, yeah, that just goes with anything as far as streaming content goes.
You're on demand or anything.
If your connection stops working, then obviously, yes, it will shut off.
But that's the same with a phone call.
If your phone service goes out, then your phone call goes down.
But I guess it would matter.
You have to make sure that your data center, wherever you're connecting on live, if their data center goes down or wherever nearby, then yeah, you'd be kind of screwed.
Right.
Chat, let me pose this question to chat real quick.
Is on live something that interests you?
Why or why not?
And I'll kind of ask the folks in the studio here the same question.
Is on live something that interests you?
Why or why not?
Loki?
No.
and the reason why is because I don't play a lot of PC games anyways and a lot of the games that it seems like they're going to have on here are also console crossovers which I would just play on a console on my own time if I was doing that.
I don't see why.
Honestly, I don't have a lot of time for games anyways nowadays and I only seem to be playing like one game at a time.
I can't see myself paying $15 a month for this.
I'm going to say no for the same reasons that Loki said.
Well, I'm interested.
I'm curious to see how it works in action, but I think Loki hit the nail on the head console crossovers.
Most of this is already the stuff that's on the consoles.
And I built my PC to run Crysis, so goddammit, if I'm going to play Crysis, it's going to be running on my PC.
DarkSakura, I don't know if this is something that would interest you on live, being able to have your low-end computer stream the games.
I don't really care about that, honestly.
You know, if I'm going to play my live games, I'm just going to sit down and play them on my Xbox.
Kick Dan off of Borderlands.
Alright.
Is something wrong with chat?
It got really quiet in there.
I'm a little worried.
It's all the hallucinogens I piped through the internet.
Keep in mind, there's also a delay.
So when I say something, it takes like a minute just because we encode to all games who encodes to shout, you know, and da-da-da-da-da.
So there's a little bit of a delay between when we say things and when they hit the chat room.
But finally, we're getting some feedback here.
Actdeft in our chat room says, no, because in Mexico, if the service will even be available here, we don't have a really good connection speed.
It's going to be laggy as hell probably.
Bochicabua says, interested, but really I don't find it worth it.
GameFly account GameFly account
DarkSakura.com
I mean, that's great to think that you might do that, but in all reality, you're probably not going to.
It's going to be hard to keep track of what's going on in each different game.
And I know, back in the day, even then I still didn't really play a ton of different games.
I'm usually playing one game to completion or until I get tired of it and move on to something else.
See, I'm the opposite.
I'm gamer ADD all the way.
I play one thing and then what?
Another thing and what?
What?
What?
What?
The fact that I'm playing Final Fantasy XIII two weeks in a row pretty solidly, it's an event.
If you listen to the past months of this show, go find another game that I have that much attention for.
But you wouldn't feel lost if you didn't have these other options.
I just don't see 40 or 50 games on there.
I guess that would be a good value, but I wouldn't see myself using it.
a couple other quick thoughts here from our chat room Alpha Cananogram seems to think that it's Pokemon that's distracting all our chatters tonight everybody's busy catching their mudkips and their little balls that they run around with now because basically they took the walking trainer and incorporated that into a Pokemon game, am I correct?
okay, thank you
I used to have the old... It's like bringing back Tamagotchi.
I swear to God, that thing looks like a Tamagotchi.
You remember the old Pokemon Pikachu things that you just attached to your belt, the pedometer thing?
That's what it is.
Why not?
But remember the old ones.
All you need to do is download one of those free Xbox 360 massagers, plug in the fucking controller into the system, duct tape that little walker thing on there, set it to vibrate at the highest setting.
You'll be good to go.
Or a paint shaker.
A couple other quick thoughts from our chat room on live.
Akuma JP says, yes, if it is cheaper, I would like to play games for my netbook.
Ah, netbook is a good thought.
If it's tuned for netbooks, netbooks could be gaming devices.
Very interesting.
Aki Ripper says, maybe, most likely, no.
There you go.
Thoughts from our chatroom, chat.orangeandre.com Speaking of moving and pedometers and all that shit, EA Sports Active 2.0 is announced and it's coming out for the Wii, the PS3, and the iPhone.
Oddly enough, nothing's said yet on the 360.
I can't believe, though, with Project Natal on the horizon, they aren't cooking something up for the 360, but my assumption is it's probably different.
Probably much different.
Anyhow, EA Sports Active, they are getting a proper sequel, not like a spin-off type thing like you've seen happen with the first set.
I think they had more exercises or whatever, but a proper sequel.
The console version of the game, now they're going to come with two motion sensors and a heart rate monitor you strap on your arm and leg.
Interesting.
So it's going to measure your heart rate now.
By the way, you can share this information over social networks online.
So I'm assuming you're going to be able to Facebook your EA Active Progress.
Goody, goody.
EA Vancouver is developing it.
One other thing I noticed, it looks like almost like a little USB thing that you could like plug into your iPhone or something, almost like a little dongle, if you will, for your iPhone or, of course, iPod Touch with that.
So very interesting.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
for any peripheral.
Really, they've done it with the Rock Band guitars and the Guitar Hero guitars, but that's about it.
The wireless technology, mostly everything has to be wired.
So, I mean, obviously, since these devices are wireless, you're not going to be able to create some sort of wired device to plug in with...
That little USB shit could go in Yeah, but they don't do that kind of stuff That's why, it's different They have certain specifications at the meet Also play nice with each other
I still think you're... I can't believe that... EA is a big backer of 360.
They put a lot of games out.
It's going to be Natal.
That's why.
Alright, anyhow.
I could be wrong, but I'm probably not.
Let's get into our classic game of the week.
Because we're getting to the end of Part A, believe it or not.
And we always like to end the first half of our show by taking a trip down memory lane where DarkSakura is going to visit one of our classic video games from yesteryear.
It's the classic of the week, DarkSakura.
What video game should all the boys and girls out there be enjoying this week?
The game of the week is Gradius 2.
Gradius 2, and keep in mind, I have to make a mention, it is not the Gradius 2 that we got out as Nemesis 2 for the NES.
This is Gradius 2 for the arcade and PC engine.
Listen to the music for a minute.
Yes, if you play Konami series of music games, you've heard this remix before.
That is where Burning Heat came from.
That's why when you're actually playing the music, it shows the suns with the little snakes coming out of the fire.
Gradius II, it was called Gradius II, The Ambition of Gopher.
It was...
It came out in 1988 in Japan, and it was the direct sequel to Gradius, and the prequel to Gradius 3, of course.
There were versions that came out for the Famicom, the PC Engine, and the X68000.
And it has been re-released, the PC Engine version, and Famicom versions are out on the Virtual Console.
Well, not in North America until it came out in Gradius Collection that came out in 2006.
And then the international releases on the Virtual Console.
Gradius 2 came out in Europe in the arcades under the name of Vulcan Venture.
Thanks for watching!
People think Life Force is Gradius 2 because of the way these games were marketed to us as children is that a lot of us thought Life Force was a sequel to Gradius.
But there actually were two separate series in Japan.
There was Salamander and there was Gradius.
We never got the actual Gradius 2.
Well, not back in the NES days.
We got it later.
Nemesis 2?
Mm-hmm.
was like the Life Force Grotius, not Grotius, Life Force Salamander thing.
That's just a very common whoopsie because, you know, and again, when I was a kid, I thought Life Force was the sequel to Grotius because they looked the same, they felt the same, but two different Japanese series that are just very similar.
Well, um, one of the good things, um, that came with this one is also the first one that had the boss rush.
Um, uh, that had levels that were only boss confrontation, so it was pretty cool.
Um, so yeah, you had, you could pick your different, um, weapon systems so that as you picked up, uh, power-ups, you can choose which of your, uh, um, different, uh, power-ups you could do.
Like, you could speed up, you had options, you had missile, double, laser, um, the ripple sucks, by the way.
It always has.
Now when this came out on the Famicom, it was one of the games that had a mapper chip to increase the graphics and sound.
A lot of games in Japan had that.
But Nintendo, being big sticklers here in the US, they actually had to have...
A lot of games were a lot better overseas because they couldn't bring them out with anything other than the proprietary carts over here, remember?
So there was the PC Engine version in 1992 that came out as a Super CD-ROM, which I have a burn of.
By the way, one could argue that that's why this game never came out in the U.S.
is because of the specialized cart and why Konami instead took the approach to kind of market Life Force as a sequel to Gradius, basically.
This is one of the games that I'm looking for, a legit one, by the way, because it is just so awesome.
This is my favorite Gradius game.
There's also...
They added an additional stage though for the PC Engine version that came from the NES version of Life Force.
That was also the first stage of Gradius III.
It also came out for the Gradius Deluxe Pack for PlayStation, Saturn, and Windows in 96.
And then came out worldwide Gradius Collection for the PSP.
Of course the PC Engine version was a Hanabi Festival game in 2008.
and of course there's all these sweet spots in every boss battle.
That's right, that one spot you gotta hit to kill it fast.
And Ripple does suck, I agree.
Ripple is ass.
Ripple!
Ha!
There it is, your classic game of the week, Gradius 2.
That little clip coming to you from the PC Engine.
The one reason to ever take the Ripple laser is because the progression afterwards had... Didn't it have doubles?
Yeah, Double was in.
I mean, the one that came after Ripple, I think it was your other option.
I know there was always a reason to take the Ripple route, but you'd just always bypass Ripple.
TigerClaw asks a good question.
This is a valid question from Jack.
Does Gradius 2 have vertical stages?
No.
No.
That was unique to the Salamander series, right?
That was Salamander.
That was part of what made that series unique, right?
Yeah.
It was vertical stages.
Good question, though.
Again, all the marketing changes and stuff from Japan over here kind of screwed us up as a kid.
You know, when Final Fantasy 7 came out, who didn't ask, where the hell is 4 through 6?
I just thought it was kind of cool.
They're like, yeah, we know.
I think by then a lot of people had figured it out, but, you know.
All right.
Anyhow, we're going to take a break here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We got plenty more coming up.
Some quick news when we come back about DJ Hero and Tron.
Anybody see that trailer for the new Tron movie?
Looks sweet.
But I got to say, well, actually, no, I take it back.
The movie's probably going to be ridiculous.
But the score by Daft Punk sounds amazing, just even based on that little trailer I saw.
Got to say, very cool.
Alright, let's see.
Also news on XNA and Nintendo, another Hanabi festival coming up.
We're going to get into all of that a little later on in Part B of our show.
So don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday night, March 14th of 2010.
That's right, Pi Day.
Hope you're enjoying some pie.
We're not really having pie in studio, which is a bit surprising.
I'm kind of full, though.
I had fast food on the way over to the show, driving back from San Francisco.
Sadly, I was in San Francisco, but not at Game Developers Conference.
But you know, I'm not a game developer.
And, you know, you have to be one of the...
Big media companies, it's a magazine or whatever to get in there, but that's okay.
Although I think I would find the topics fascinating.
Like, you know, I kind of like the science of game development and stuff.
You know, I understand that it's not really a media event.
That's what E3's for, so I'm not going to be all butthurt.
I'm not going.
Although I wish I could have crashed some of the sweet parties I've heard about.
It would have been fun to try the move stuff out, but...
That's about it.
It's all going to be at E3 in a couple months anyway.
So I'm not too worried about it.
Of course, I don't even know if I'm going to E3 this year.
I am definitely not going to E3.
Sorry to hear it.
It's just a strain to try to go each year anyways.
I got to take a year off.
Last year, remember we went and it was kind of like...
Yeah, this is cool.
I feel like there's really more I want to see this year between the Portal 2, the Final Fantasy XIV, the Move, the Natal, all this stuff.
Or whatever Xbox ends up naming their thing.
All that stuff I want to see this year.
So it seems like there's more to it.
In good time.
I don't know.
It's just... I don't know.
Alright.
Well, let's get into some rapid fire news and then we're going to get into some Twitter topics as well.
So you just have a few more minutes to get your Twitter topics in.
We have a few pouring into the Twitter already at OLR.
Porn?
What?
Poring.
Poring.
I just said it fast.
All right.
Loki, start us off with some quick news tonight.
Well, Activision surprised us.
Woo!
They have new download content coming out to DJ Hero.
Unfortunately, I don't give a flying fuck about it.
And this is really sad.
I mean, unless you're a fan of... But you've been asking for it for forever.
Oh, yes, I've been asking for it.
I was hoping that they would, I don't know, put out some good download content.
And granted, you know...
I guess if you like Eminem and Jay-Z, you probably would have bought the Renegade Edition.
I didn't, so I didn't, and therefore I'm not buying this either.
But for the sake of reporting it, I will tell you what three mixes they have in there.
Shake That mixed with Show Me What You Got, Without Me mixed with Encore, and Can I Get A mixed with Lose Yourself.
And I've watched the video previews of these, and let me just say, I'm about as excited about these songs as I have been describing these songs to you.
It's seriously awful.
Well, you're more of a trance guy anyway.
And yeah, that's fine, but I even gave the last extended mix pack, whatever, I gave that a chance.
And I didn't really...
Check out the... I downloaded the David Guetta stuff, but I haven't... I did.
I like that pack a lot.
I have not played those yet.
And maybe I'll go back to that, but...
I like the other pack too.
There was, what was it, Gorillaz and something?
Oh, All of Me and Radio Gaga.
That's my favorite song in the whole freaking game.
Those are the extended mix packs.
Yeah, that download mix.
I think Gorillaz song was in the other song in there.
But yeah, I realize Eminem, Jay-Z, they sell bazillions of albums.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It's like, seriously, when the fuck are you going to add some more download content and support this stuff?
But then again, we're talking Activision here, so really I've just got to wait for some sort of DJing game from Harmonix or EA before I get that real download content, because I sure as hell am not going to get it with Activision.
What about Scratch, the ultimate DJ?
Yeah, when's that coming out?
You get them for a dollar more!
That's right, they're sold as single downloads for 300 Wii Points, and that's a total of $9 for each.
So guess what, you get to pay the Wii Premium.
Okay, I'm done there.
Now, what is kind of neat is they're going to be adding a new way to navigate PlayStation Home.
Apparently, it's kind of a take of the cross-media bar.
And the way they're doing it is they're going to be able to go to different spaces.
Like, for example, you can favorite different spaces you like going to.
You can go to personal spaces, whatever.
I forgot that came out this week.
It'll be a lot quicker to bounce from one place to another without having to walk aimlessly through a bunch of empty places.
Can I do anything with the OLR club yet?
Which, by the way, is full.
I keep getting requests for the club, and unfortunately, I'm limited to 25 members.
I seriously get new requests to join the club every other day, which I'm flattered, and thank you all for wanting to join.
But unfortunately, it's full.
So until Sony will let us have, I don't know, 50 people, 100 people, all your apps are just sitting there waiting to be approved until...
I'm not rejecting them, I'm just not answering them because I'm hoping that one day Sony's going to say, hey, we're going to make clubs useful and now you can have 50 or 100 people in them.
They probably just can't physically handle that many people in one space at a time or in that close proximity.
That's a bunch of bull because if you go to the main space area, you can see more than 25 people there at a time.
No offense.
If that's Sony's line, I claim bullshit.
Yeah, but how many servers are running that one space?
I don't know.
Whatever.
They're just not doing it.
But you know what?
I'm not going on home either, so this doesn't mean anything to me as well.
I wonder if there's going to be a theme going on here.
But let's find out.
This is kind of neat.
Apparently people think that you're going to have the power of the PS3 in your pocket within three years.
Um, the group, um, Imagination Technologies, maker of the PowerVR chips, says, um, that, I guess, powers, like, you know, smartphones like iPhones, Android, and whatnot.
Uh, they said that they, um, you'll have graphics comparable to PS3 in three years.
And the reason is because they're designing the chips right now for that kind of stuff.
Uh, apparently...
They're working with different groups to license things like Apple, HTC, whatnot.
They're saying that in three years, Imagination says you're going to have a PS3 in your pocket and it's not going to be running at 480x340 resolution that most smartphones have now, but it's actually going to be like a 720p output via HDMI to a TV.
That would be something, a phone that outputs to a TV via HDMI.
Interesting.
Yeah, they go into a lot more detail, of course, on different technologies that are out there and stuff.
But you can only imagine, though, that as time goes on, I mean, the technology is just growing at a geometric rate that, of course, I can imagine us actually having that kind of technology soon within the next five years.
Well, yeah, that seems a little aggressive, seeing as if you go by the whole, like, Nintendo is one off from the, you know, consoles with their handhelds, meaning that the DS is kind of like a 64, just like the Advance was kind of like a Super Nintendo.
Then the next handheld from Nintendo will be kind of like a GameCube.
Funny that you mention that, actually.
Oh?
Oh, I have something that'll be for last-minute stories for that.
I can come right now if you want.
Why not?
Yes, please.
Please don't make me wait any longer.
I need to know.
I need to know.
I'm dying.
Apparently there's a rumor about DS2.
Of course, there's always a rumor about DS2.
There's always some damn rumor about DS2.
According to somebody's sources within GDC, I'm not going to read through the article to see who exactly is quoting here, that it's in the developers' hands, and apparently they're not having trouble developing for it because it's basically a GameCube, power-wise, and everyone knows how to develop for a GameCube because they've been doing it for quite a while with both the GameCube and the Wii.
Well, because the Wii is a GameCube, too.
Basically, yes.
The thing is it's going to be interesting.
Apparently the people are familiar with the dev kit.
It made it sound like there wasn't much learning curve on the new system and that devs who worked on GameCube or Wii games will find it easy to create with.
Also they said that apparently the system has a built-in accelerometer and two big higher resolution screens that are closer together so that they can more easily be used as one screen.
And
I like the idea of bringing the two screens closer together to make one big screen I think that's kind of cool
I wonder if they'll both be touch sensitive this time.
Possibly, right?
Yeah, why not?
And by the way, just pro tip, Nintendo, if it's going to run on GameCube-y type hardware, F-Zero.
Okay, thanks.
And just because it runs on GameCube type hardware does not mean that I want to see fucking ports of every single GameCube game that you guys put out.
Okay?
Do some new shit.
Seriously.
Unless it's Wind Waker.
Wind Waker I will accept.
The rest of them, except for F-Zero, I reject them all.
And for God's sake, please, you know, maybe add some more buttons to the face, like an analog stick or something like that so that we can actually play games in traditional sense.
Remember they used to have that, like, thumb stylus thing that you would have to strap to your finger that came with it?
Yes, yes, I do.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Hank Chien is his name he's a plastic surgeon from New York he has beaten Billy Mitchell's record Billy Mitchell by the way had 1,050,200 points Hank has scored 1,061,700 points officially verified by Twin Galaxies an original Donkey Kong cabinet machine in New York is how he said it congrats to him now he can star in the sequel
Great.
Great.
Thanks for watching!
I remember when we went to Classic Gaming Expo one year and they were doing like the official Twin Galaxies high score for I think it was Stampede on the 2600.
I remember that.
I played Stampede.
Dude, I think I was like last place for the day.
I was so fucking terrible at Stampede.
But the guy was trying to give me tips and stuff and what he was saying made a lot of sense.
But I was just like, wow, when I was a kid, I didn't think about these games like that, like the tips and everything he was trying to give me.
I was just like, I just tried to lasso the horse thingies.
Light Cycles Light Cycles
It's not so much good, it's just cool.
So Tron Legacy's coming out.
I gotta say, despite the fact that the expectation bar for the movies are very low, you know I'm gonna be seeing it opening day.
You know I'm gonna go, just like many of you.
The score by Daft Punk sounds awesome.
Like, what's a word that's better than awesome?
More awesome.
Super awesome.
It's very similar to, like, I've seen something similar in Rolling Stone that, like, had all these different band names as a picture, like somebody smashing a pumpkin.
See, I already did all these.
Things like that.
I already did all these.
Like, for example, GoldenEye, Star Fox, Seawolf.
I see Kongo Bongo there at the bottom.
No, that's actually Donkey Konga.
Frogger.
Because it's a donkey.
That's not a classic game.
Shadow of the Colossus, Frogger, Outrun That one right there is Birdie King, it's a golf game, TimeSplitters, Bomberman
No, I actually figured most of those out.
You can thank me putting together my main cabinet for being aware of all these different... Because a lot of the stuff I had themes for, my hyperspin stuff, so the names became familiar.
Actually, you can ask my co-worker because I sat there for the first hour that day that it came out.
During the day, just working on that.
SSJ100Matt says, it was a good B-movie.
Tron, that is.
That's a good way of defining it.
I like Tron for the same reason I like Showgirls.
It's so bad, it's good.
No, no, no, Tron is great.
You are a whore, darling.
I love Tron.
It's a good movie to me.
End of line.
Have you seen the game trailer for Tron Legacy?
I have.
Doesn't it remind you of Force Unleashed?
I wasn't thinking of it that way, but yeah.
I love the old school Tron arcade game, man.
That was awesome.
But of course, it's one of those things that's better left in my memory because when I played it on an Xbox Live, I was kind of like, eh.
Well, and Tron and Discs of Tron are actually at the bottom of that page, too.
Are they really?
Yeah.
All right, anyhow, Actdeft also says it was Empire Magazine that did that collage I'm thinking of.
It's probably been done a couple times.
I want to say there's a movie one out there, too.
Yeah.
Anyhow, who cares about all of this news?
I'll tell you what the biggest news of the week is.
This is gigantic news.
This is epic news.
This is...
I can't believe we didn't lead the show off with this news tonight.
Lady Gaga is coming to Rock Band.
Yes, that's right.
Lady Gaga will be coming on to Rock Band with a four-pack of songs, including Just Dance, Bad Romance, Poker Face, and Monster.
But that's not all.
There is a bonus fifth song you're going to be able to get.
You're going to be able to get the Eric Cartman version of Poker Face.
It's the only reason to get it.
And the best part about it is he is playing the song in rock band in the show.
and Living Rooms Across America.
I will be buying all these tracks.
I will be buying every single one of them because I am such a huge stan for Lady Gaga.
It's not even funny.
Hey, you even told me you like Bad Romance.
That's one of the four songs.
I know, but I don't know that I like it enough to buy it on Rock Band.
I'll stick with Rush, thank you.
Fair enough.
Hey, Rush is cool.
I can't deny that.
It's just Lady Gaga is, just like I said before, more awesomer.
All right.
Seriously though, how about some other last minute stories, DarkSakura?
Last minute?
I'm sorry, not last minute.
It's a quick, whatever.
Too many segments on this damn show.
Just read a story.
I don't care what it is.
Just read something.
Once upon a time, what?
Today, Shermie pooped.
Oh, goody.
And I cleaned it out of her box.
Actually, I do have to say, the poop situation is over.
Oh?
Did you find out what happened?
An update on Shermie's bowel movements.
She's just an old lady.
She couldn't get in her cat box, it was too deep.
We got her a shallower one, changed her litter, she's happy.
Does she need kitty depends or anything?
No, I'm not putting cat diapers on her.
No kitty insurer in her?
I did buy her cat grass and she's happy.
For anybody that was wondering.
Thank you everyone who is concerned over my cat's poop.
So, you remember the game Hotel Dusk?
Also, I haven't talked about the tester on this show in a few weeks, which I've watched every episode of the tester.
You did talk about it last week.
Oh, never mind then.
Can I finish?
Okay, yes you can.
You remember Hotel Dusk?
The company that made it, Sing, is over 200 million in debt.
They also did Another Code, they did Town Factory for Little King Story, and Last Window.
And we better buy some more of their copies of Again, which is coming out at the end of this month, because that was also by them, I think.
They filed for bankruptcy on March 1st.
200 million yen.
So we need to sell 200 million copies of that game.
I know you can do it.
The final new character for Street Fighter 4 has been released, and it's a big red dude covered in oil, wearing what looks like a hat made out of Legos on his head.
And he's a grappler, and he slides, and he's splashing oil everywhere.
This is actually kind of splooge-worthy, so...
I gotta give props to Alan.
He recognized what they were referencing.
He's a Turkish oil wrestler.
It's this big thing in other countries, like Turkey, where they douse themselves in what appears to be KY jelly type of substance and wrestle each other.
It is pretty homo-rific, but no homo.
I've heard of it.
It's just the screen capture is like, dude, you're red.
Isn't that Greco-Roman normally?
What's that?
Isn't that like Greco-Roman?
That's a Roman.
Oh, I don't know.
He told me to Google image search Turkish oil wrestling.
And let's just say I got a lot of guys who didn't look quite as bad as that guy.
Okay.
Especially not wearing a blue Lego hat.
Also, I can never pronounce his last name right.
Is it Molyneux?
whatever crazy guy who makes Fable yeah really basically he's saying that comparing Natal and Move he said Move is a good step in the right direction but it's not as big as Natal and he thinks he's not biased or anything well says first party developer for Microsoft he's saying that Move is going to be more for the casual market and Natal is going to be more for the immersive gamer
Fable 3 will blow your mind!
Except it won't.
It'll be exactly like the last two games.
But he'll claim that it blows your mind.
It blows you.
You're supposed to have no heads up, though.
No heads up display.
I'm interested to see what the Natal link-in is, but they do say that Natal is not mandatory for Fable 3, which I also like.
It will allow you to slap a bitch.
laughter
Oh Loki, what would we do without you here at Orange Lounge Radio?
We would die, that's what would happen, we would die.
How about some Twitter topics?
Speaking of death.
No, actually we have some good questions tonight.
We have some really good questions on the Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
I'm going to allow, usually I don't allow more than one question a person, but MNZiba has a couple good ones tonight, so I will grant an exception.
MNZiba asking, what is the deal with the Chocobo?
What is the deal with the Chocobo?
with the Chocobo in Final Fantasy XIII.
Is there a use for it or is it just there to look cute and to make it a Final Fantasy game?
I think it's a little bit the second part.
It is there to look cute and make it a little more of a Final Fantasy game because since there is no world map type thing, they had to incorporate a Chocobo, I think, another way.
One big bitch about the game, by the way, is that there's no Final Fantasy victory music.
You never hear...
Thank you for watching!
See if you can read what's going on.
All the characters have their little profiles with the datalog.
The Chocobo has his own entry.
So I don't know if maybe the Chocobo becomes more relevant later in the story, but he's awfully cute.
I want a fat Chocobo.
To hold your items?
Yeah, to hold my items.
It'd be awesome if he was a playable character later on.
and MNZ, but since I'm allowing the second tweet tonight, says, this should be the game for the Sweet Off.
The Swedish Armed Forces, the team test.
Remember we were talking about the Sweet Off with one of our callers last week?
Well, there's this, I've never even heard of this.
We just got a link here to the Swedish Armed Forces team test.
and I guess it's some type of online little ranking thing.
I'll have to look into this and see if it's appropriate for the Sweet Off but I don't know.
Part of me is like the Sweet Off should happen with President Cat or Beatmania 2DX or something a little more showish or OLR Match Game.
I think we have to do OLR Match Game for the Sweet Off.
I think that's just mandatory but I appreciate the suggestion.
Don't get me wrong.
TigerClaw links us to a story on 1UP about Ensemble and Pandemic talking about their company closures.
They're actually taking responsibility and blaming themselves.
According to the 1UP article, Paul Bettner, he was an employee of Ensemble Studios for 12 years.
Of course, it was shut down by Microsoft in 2008.
He blamed their own internal crunch culture.
saying quote the reality is that every single game we shipped took twice as long as we said it was going to take and cost twice as much to make Microsoft is a public company they answer to their shareholders and we were simply too expensive kind of an interesting little article kind of interesting to hear folks taking responsibility for what happened
It's a rarity nowadays.
It is a rarity nowadays, but still kind of a bummer.
By the way, when the show is bad, it's never my fault.
Always Loki's.
That means it's never my fault either.
It's a rarity nowadays.
I blame Shermie's butt.
Nico Nico Chan links us to a website.
I think this might be a...
I think this might be a website plug, I don't know, but I'll read it.
PokemonRO.net, what do you think about it?
It's like Red Blue made from Ragnarok Online system and skills, but with a ton of customs.
Jamie apparently knows it.
Yes.
And?
We'll play.
We'll play.
We'll play.
A++, we'll play again.
Right now, right now, I hardly have time to play anything, but this I will when my brain works and I have time.
Gonna make some time.
Gonna make some time.
in between killing the Klingons and Gorn.
Spazinator PSN says, okay, since it's pie day, here's a random question.
Pizza or Boston cream?
See, I get what he's doing there because they call it pizza pie.
They don't really call it pizza pie here.
At least I never hear that term, but yeah.
Boston cream.
Because it's less deep dish here.
Boston cream.
Um, I do love Boston Cream Pies, but it's like, I'll still always have pumpkins, so I've gotta go for pizza.
Like, if you're asking me one pie versus all of pizza, I've gotta go for pizza.
And Boston Cream Pie, though, is more of a cake.
I mean, really, it's a cake with a cream layer in it.
But you still elect Boston Cream over pizza.
I don't know, I really love Boston Cream Pie.
I had it for breakfast last week.
Let's see.
Ryan Belknap is wishing us a happy Pi Day, but he's also trying to imitate a spammer.
I see what you're doing there.
These are Twitter folks.
It's SSJ100Matt on Twitter, but his Twitter name is Matt Ostrofsky, which I always mispronounce.
Dr. Love himself, Gene Simmons, will be voicing Guitar Hero 6.
Could it be Guitar Hero Kiss?
Somehow this missed the show tonight, but I remember reading about this.
Apparently Gene Simmons has said he's doing Guitar Hero 6.
I can see him being the voice of Guitar Hero just because he said he's the voice of Guitar Hero.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
He's whoring himself out, okay?
That's really what it comes down to.
He was on The Celebrity Apprentice, for heaven's sakes.
I mean, that's where celebrities go because they need attention.
And you know what?
Cool.
He can be in the next Guitar Hero game.
Just don't be pissed off if he's singing Kelly Clarkson.
Can't wait.
Can't wait for the YouTubes of Gene Simmons singing Taylor Swift.
You belong to me.
Anyhow, that was my Taylor Swift impression, by the way.
Or Lady Gaga or something like that.
That would be hilarious.
Can't wait.
In the full makeup.
You belong to me.
Yes, Taylor Swift sings like a Muppet.
Lastly, on the OLR Twitter, Bricktone asks us, and this is kind of a fragmented question.
Apparently, he was challenged with 140 characters.
Support for PS3 Crash?
Well, I don't support the PS3 Crash, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
And lastly, what do you think of the Wiimote for PS3?
Well, again, I think we talked about that a little bit earlier in the show.
I think it's a necessary step for Sony, but it's an unnecessary peripheral for me to buy right now.
That's where I'm at.
Until I see that must-have game, I'm not sold.
And I don't know what that must-have game is, but it's not like Sony can't create a new IP, because like LittleBigPlanet, hello, that is like a system seller PS3 game.
It is that good.
You know, Uncharted is that good.
Speaking of LittleBigPlanet, you still...
Did you see the video of how exactly the PlayStation Move works into LittleBigPlanet?
I'm gonna be honest, no.
I just heard it's compatible.
Did it look good?
No.
It's basically, you know how in Super Mario Galaxy the other players control a cursor or whatever and they can shoot shit?
Well, this one, you basically control a cursor and you can move shit.
Well, you know what?
It might add another element to level design, and I'm all for it.
Again, where I give major, major props to Media Molecule and Sony is that they're not milking LittleBigPlanet for a 2 and 3 and 4.
They keep making the first game better and making it so much more of a value.
So it's hard to be mad.
You know what?
It's another feature.
It's just one I probably don't use.
I'd like to think of it as a continuously evolving experience.
God, I wish more games were like it.
And you know what?
I think that they could do a little bit of Planet 2, but just release it as a download pack.
Oh, look, new levels set.
Do you think maybe just Mod Nation racers will probably have it too at some point?
Just wasn't ready to show yet, like gripping the steering wheel with your, you know, not Wiimote, you know?
I'm sure it's inevitable.
Thanks for the tweets, guys.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Give us a follow.
We really appreciate it.
And by the way, I also wanted to say this at some point in the show tonight.
We really do appreciate five-star reviews on iTunes and people that help spread the word.
Because you know we do say at the end of every show, you know, tell a friend or two about the show and help spread the word about Orange Launch Radio.
That's really all we ask to continue doing this show for you guys.
And I just wanted to say there were a couple of really, really nice reviews left on iTunes this week.
I wanted to read them because they were very, very nice.
Even with last week's show?
Even with last week's show.
These were both left in the past week.
A short and sweet one from Bert777 saying, I love it.
Been listening for a while.
Anybody into video games, give these awesome people a chance.
So thank you, Bert.
Hope Ernie's doing well.
But I want to read this one.
This is just sweet.
This gave me the awe feeling and really makes doing the show worthwhile.
Shadow77 says, I've been listening to OLR for at least three years and over time they went from being a good podcast to an epic podcast.
They are opinionated and well informed on video game matters and to top it off are really funny.
Over time they have honed their broadcasting skills and their radio voices and have become a podcast that I would actually pay money to hear.
They do go off on tangents quite often though.
Choo choo.
this is a plus to me but always manage to wrap something up about video games into the subject they are always current about the video game industry and run the gamut on topics from reviews to previews to info on various video game developers and publishers to things random to describe the live show is something to experience and they actually pay attention to the chat room and take calls the community is also fairly active so I just wanted to say thank you because you know people take the time out to write these nice reviews and I realize yeah it's a little bit of ego stroking and so forth but I actually read that and it made me go
Aw, that's really nice.
Like, somebody didn't have to say all that, and they did.
And I just wanted to share the awes.
So thank you very much.
Again, those are five-star reviews from iTunes.
And, of course, you know, all we ask... I realize not everybody's on the Apple bandwagon.
Like, if I ask Loki to leave a five-star review on iTunes, he'd tell me to play hide-and-go-fuck myself from last week's show.
So just tell friends about the show.
That's all we ask.
I don't go on iTunes.
I know you don't.
You know, that's against my... You can rate them on Zune, too.
Just so you know.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Some actual video gaming news.
Let's get past the ego stroking and get to some more video game news because there's plenty of it still to go.
More stuff coming out from this week.
There's actually some information.
We talked a little bit about Natal and whatnot.
But I can't forget about XNA.
XNA Game Studio 4.0 apparently is including support for Windows phones.
And they're even going to be including some new features including...
Gamertags, Avatar support, and achievements that you can unlock on your phone.
That's right, there's going to be games that you can use for unlocking achievements.
Kind of like an Xbox Live Arcade game.
In fact, you can unlock up to 200 Microsoft or Gamerscore points.
And I guess it's going to be displayed on your Xbox Live Gamertag profile.
Achievement Whores
well you know sometimes achievements like that gets people to buy the games well there was a whole study out of GDC again it's not on the show world tonight but there was a whole thing on achievements and it does motivate people to play games and there's a percentage of people it's a small percentage but a percentage that really try to go after every single achievement in a game you know and will buy games with achievements didn't they say too that games with really easy achievements especially in arcade will sell a little more often times
So hey, why not?
If it's a way to draw attention to the Windows phone, anything to pull the eyes away from Apple for a minute, I think is a good idea.
Alright.
Would this get you on board with a Windows phone though, Loki?
Since I know you're not going to get an iPhone anytime soon.
No, because the data plans on phones are too expensive.
And it's just... You know, if they brought down... If it was like $50 a month for unlimited data and everything, then maybe.
Because that's what I kind of pay for my phone right now.
But even then, I don't use that many minutes right now.
And I'm actually thinking about going to a prepaid phones where I don't have to... You know, like $100 a year type stuff.
You know, where...
Literally, I'm lucky if I use 6 to 12 minutes a month.
Well, somebody is teasing me yet again with the idea of a new Kid Icarus game.
Remember about a year or two ago when we were convinced this was coming out at E3?
We had the screenshots and everything, and it just didn't fucking happen?
How sad.
Well, again, we get teased, and you can kind of thank Kotaku for that, but really it was because they were interviewing Yoshio Sakamoto, who of course was one of the creators of Kid Icarus.
I guess they cornered him at GDC or something.
and basically he said in a nutshell that you know they're not opposed to bringing out Kid Icarus to the Wii they just don't know what to do here's the quote quote I don't know personally about any project underway regarding Kid Icarus but if so many of these people are interested in it and really want to see it on the Wii they should really speak up
Are they deaf?
Because I think a lot of people have been speaking up for a while.
But okay, whatever.
Do we need to do a petition online?
Is that what needs to happen?
Good gosh.
I'm sure there's plenty already.
Again, moving on with a quote.
Quote, if we can find some sort of way to bring it to the Wii, a way to make the game for the Wii that makes sense, we would happily do so.
But just keep in mind, it may not be me making the game.
So in other words, he's admitting it might be somebody else.
just like how Metroid Other M is in somebody else's hands and so forth honestly I think if they want to do a Kid Icarus game on the Wii why not just do like a souped up version a la even I hate to say it because I received this game so tepidly but maybe the Blaster Master game just a little more polished or the just like the Mario new Super Mario Bros.
Wii you don't have to like totally reinvent Kid Icarus just you know make it a fancy looking 2D game with some new features that's all you really need to do I think
I want the most epic Kid Icarus ever.
I do too.
You know, and especially, you would think with God of War, which is another Greek mythology thing, doing very well on another platform, you think Nintendo would already have some ideas on how you can make the Greek mythology thing successful.
I know.
How about Battle of Olympus, anyone?
Battle of Olympus?
Well, how about something else, though, that is kind of epic-ish?
Okay.
Hanabi Festival!
Yay!
But Nintendo raised some prices for some of their games.
Ironclad is now 1,000 Wii points instead of 900, and Lode Runner is 600 instead of 500.
Um, there's Military Madness, um, for WiiWare, which will be a thousand Wii points, and then the rest is DSiWare, um, Pop Island, uh, Simply Mahjong, Simply Sudoku, um, each of those will be 200, uh...
DSI Points 4 Travelers Play Spanish Elementary Masters Fantasy Card Adventure 800 DSI Points
Wee!
Seems like they got a lot of the big stuff out last year, but of course Rondo of Blood is kind of the big one that everybody's like, ooh, Rondo of Blood.
That means I don't have to worry about accidentally scratching my disc.
I wonder if that means it's going to come out here, too.
I hope.
I know you're reading it for Europe and what they get, but they sometimes get cooler stuff than we do, so I hope it means we're going to get it around the same time.
Want!
It might be, Dark Sakura, it could be tomorrow.
It could be tomorrow.
I know, I know.
I want next week to be here already.
Not just because of PAX.
Not this coming week, but the week after.
Not just because of PAX East, but Microsoft Game Room.
I've seen some of the clips from GDC for Microsoft Game Room.
Looks kind of cool.
I'm excited to try it.
Here's my question, though, about the Hanabi Festival.
Just because you guys are getting all excited and everything.
One of the years they did bring that stuff over here, but not last year, I don't think.
It was only in Europe.
Well, it seems like they don't bring all the games over here.
Well, no, I guess they did do a festival out of it, because I want to say they brought Sin and Punishment over here, which was a big deal, because in the back of their minds, they knew the sequel was coming.
We didn't know that yet, but they knew it was, so they brought that out during a similar thing here.
Yeah, Sin and Punishment came out over here, and I think Mario Bros.
2 did also.
Yeah, I think you're right.
The original Mario 2, you're right, was part of that too.
Well, maybe they'll do it again here, but I'm not going to hold my breath either.
So we'll see.
A couple more stories for you guys, then we're going to get to the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Well, this is kind of an interesting tie-in, but apparently Mafia 2 will feature vintage Playboys.
That's right.
2K Games has announced that they've signed a license agreement with the Playboy magazine for, I guess they're going to have...
50 of the vintage covers and centerfolds inside the game when it's released.
So I guess you'll see vintage Playboys littered on the ground and stuff like that.
Also, I guess the Playboy collectibles won't show up until the later part of the game because I guess the game takes place during the 40s and 50s.
And apparently the magazine...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Nice.
And are they actual Playboy vintage covers?
That's kind of cool.
They will be the actual covers.
Wow.
So they're gonna... I don't know if they have... It says they have the centerfolds as well, so I don't know if you get the cover in the centerfold.
It's a little bit of nudity for you, but...
Neat.
Hey, adding some tits to your game always makes it sell a few more copies, so there you go.
And I do believe that they had a character from Mafia 2 in the last digital fake game check.
Oh, they still do that, huh?
Yeah, they still do it.
The fake girls.
Eh, it's retarded.
Yeah, a little silly.
Alright, on the PSP, maybe this system can render some nice looking titties, I don't know That should be the question we ask about a new engine You know how we always say with a new peripheral, what's the time to penis?
With new game engines, we should always ask, what's the time for realistic boobs?
I don't know
Anyhow, I think this system is very capable of doing it.
It's the Fire Engine.
That's P-H-Y-R-E Engine.
Right now, this is a tool that's used for creating PS3 games.
It was used to make Critter Crunch, Flower, Shatter.
Well, apparently now this is going to be compatible with the PSP.
Big announcement at Game Developers Conference, which makes sense because the people developing games want to know that they can make games like Critter Crunch on the PSP.
I gotta say...
Flower, awesome looking game.
That is one of the most beautiful games you will play on a next-gen system, period.
Critter Crunch looks like a freaking cartoon.
Really well done.
So it's kind of exciting to hear that this Fire Engine is coming to the PSP.
One of the VPs of technology, Taji Yutaka, said, Fire Engine for PSP was developed in response to requests from the game developer community, and we hope that the release of the PSP version demonstrates our commitment and support for game developers on all platforms.
begin counting down the time until Critter Crunch and Flower are announced on the PSP.
Because I'll bet you anything, both of those games being as well-received as they were, getting PSP ports in a matter of three, two, one.
Yeah, wait for E3.
Anyhow.
Now's the part of the show where DarkSakura is going to take an adventure into the mailbag.
She's going to jump in, pull out some emails, and read them for you here.
It's the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com DarkSakura, who's emailing us this week?
Two from Robaba.
Now that the following terms are allowed in Xbox Live gamer tags, lesbian, gay, bi, transgender, straight, I think that Microsoft has the golden opportunity for avatar clothing and props of the LGBT.
It's not an official 2010 prediction, but I'm pretty sure they will.
Any takers or am I taking too much for granted?
In other news, did you hear about Washington, D.C.
has made gay marriage legal?
Next thing you know, some guy will try to marry his virtual girlfriend.
Oh, wait.
Yes, I did hear about DC making it legal.
So congratulations, DC.
And I made a mistake because I tweeted about it when it happens and I was like, what state's going to be next?
Come on, guys.
It's time to get the other states on board.
And then I realized like literally five seconds after hitting submit, I was like, oh, DC's not a state.
But still, it's an important part of the nation, obviously.
And very glad to hear that they have stopped marriage discrimination.
Yep.
Good for them.
As far as the other part of that, the part relating to gaming more about how long before I can get a rainbow sticker or a rainbow belt for my character, I don't know.
I think a lot of it is about supply and demand and I don't know if there's just a huge demand for that.
I don't think that Microsoft's gonna be really trying to sell that anytime soon.
I don't know.
I think it would be a little while.
I just don't think there's enough out there in the Avatar marketplace where they need that stuff right now.
I mean, yeah, they have sports jerseys, but I don't know.
Then again, they had the politically motivated icons a couple years ago when the 08 election happened.
I want to say they had their own little Xbox poll because there were Obama icons and McCain icons.
Right?
Am I crazy?
Wasn't there some type of unscientific poll they did?
I don't know.
I don't know if they'd want to do such a social issue on the marketplace I don't realistically see that happening
Oh, no.
Also, from the Disney Parks log, the monorails are going to feature Tron Legacy art.
That's pretty cool.
Nice.
Like, all the Disney Parks are going to be Tron-tronatized?
I'm looking at the Disney Parks.
It's the... It's Disney World.
Oh, wow.
That's so cool.
The monorails at Disneyland just got redone not that long ago, so I can't believe they'd be doing them again.
Tell me this picture's not sweet.
Oh, it's just like a little paint job on the outside.
It's still pretty cool, though.
Yeah, that's pretty neat.
You know what they need?
It'd be even cooler if they did.
Noby Noby Boy.
No, seriously though, speaking of Tron and Disneyland, because I can bring this back on point.
The coolest fucking ride I remember from when I was a kid, the People Mover featuring Tron.
They had the People Mover, which they had for years and years, but in the early 80s when the movie came out, there was a section of it that was the super speed tunnel, where basically they projected imageries of Tron really fast on the wall.
So it was a visual trick.
It was an optical illusion that made you feel like you were going like 60 miles an hour in this tunnel.
and DarkSakura.
Then, there was the Rocket Rods, which were really super fast.
Still had the Tron Tunnel, but it was like, SHOOM!
Through the Tron Tunnel, and it was hard to see anything.
I never rode Rocket Rods, sadly.
I didn't go to Disneyland for many years.
But, someone also somehow managed to fall out of that thing and died.
So, people are dumb.
That's what it comes down to.
That's why they don't have the gondolas anymore, because someone fell out of it and died.
It's always people acting like jackasses, falling out of things and dying.
The chat room has a request for me real quick here.
Like a genuine, bonafide, electrified six-car monorail.
When I say monorail, what's it called?
Monorail.
That's right, monorail.
Monorail.
I hear those things are awfully loud.
It flies as softly as a cloud.
Is there a chance the track could bend?
Not on your life, my Hindu friend.
What about us brain-dead slobs?
You'll be given cushy jobs.
Were you sent here by the devil?
No, good sir, I'm on the level.
The ring came off my pudding can.
Take my penknife, my good man.
I swear it's Springfield's only choice.
Throw up your hands and raise your voice.
Mother Earth!
What's it called?
Mother Earth!
Once again.
Mother Earth!
Manil!
Manil!
Manil!
Manil!
Manil!
Manil!
Manil!
Phil Hartman was a great man.
He's missed.
All right.
Anyhow, sorry for the tangent.
More emails, please?
Yes.
The Twitch?
Okay.
Hopefully they involve monorails.
Good morning, Orange Lounge Radio.
This is Jetus writing in again.
I have quite a few things to cover today, so first I'd like to thank DarkSakura for reading my previous long email and this one as well.
I really appreciate it.
I am also sorry for any spelling errors or grammatical faults in my letters, which there are undoubtedly many.
Yeah, but you're forgiven.
Now, on to more pressing matters.
Ake Ripper is THE Swede.
I should be the OTHER Swede, since I am still just a private in the UL Army.
Aw, don't give up like that.
Come on, where's my epic battle?
Where's my Swede throwdown?
Did I finish my email wrong?
Okay, fine.
A lot of respect goes out to Aki Ripper and his ability to call in so often.
I'm still quite impressed that he manages to stay up for so long every week.
Anyways, time for something that actually relates to gaming.
As we all know, the world is in a state of economic turmoil.
Hundreds and thousands of developers are being fired, studios are getting shut down, and the debate of piracy and DRM is getting more attention around the globe as we've heard on the last few shows.
But how is this impacting the gaming world on a larger scale?
I'll tell you how.
DarkSakura.com
Thank you for watching!
Bioshock 2
What made both of those games so amazing was that there was no expectation of what the games would be about.
The storytelling in both of these were innovative, the protagonists intriguing, and the setting unique, which really made for a game experience like no other.
With this in mind, isn't it sad that there is a Bioshock 2 already out and that Portal 2 is on its way?
Have we really reached so low that any new franchise gets 80 or more Metacritic score gets placed on the sequel bandwagon?
Is this really what us gamers want?
I will have to say I am excited about Hordal 2.
I get his point though I get the point but I do want more Portal goodness I think though that some of us are just like we have such awesome experiences with some of these games that we want more of that It's a matter of whether they need to make the sequel or not Some sequels are actually pretty good and some sequels are just kind of we put it out because we want more money I've not been hearing the most friendly feedback regarding Bioshock 2 that a lot of folks are complaining it does feel like a cash cow of the first game Yeah
Bioshock was great but there have been some really good original games Little Big Planet I was talking about earlier, Bayonetta Bayonetta was really good or the original Mass Effect I'm saying for sequels though but even original IPs there's been a lot of really good ones in the past year Blur looks like it's going to be great there's some split second to finish the email out I guess I'm just ranting at this point so I will ask another question regarding new IPs when do you think Blizzard will release a game with a new IP?
SeaCraft
I think once you see the dust settle with Star Trek Starcraft and the World of Warcraft Cataclysm and Diablo 3 is kind of their focus I think you'll start to get some rumblings of what they're doing next and my gut tells me it's going to be an MMO and I'll go so far to say it's an MMO but not like a Warcraft MMO like something kind of different like a Tabula Rasa MMO because you know how Tabula Rasa was like a shooter?
I think they're going to go a different route with the MMO.
Why make a copy of Warcraft when they have Warcraft?
I think they're going to go with an MMO that's different.
If that makes sense.
Okay, looking forward to the show and your responses, Gditz.
P.S.
I will most likely be listening live to the next OLR, the one on March 21st.
Call us!
Yeah, maybe we should have our match game off that week.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Maybe I can plan a match game.
Oh, you're not going to be here next week.
No, I'll be here.
I'll be late.
Oh, you'll be late.
Okay.
I'm going to go to a Seder.
Okay.
So, well, then what time do you get back from those?
About 7, 8?
Maybe earlier.
All right.
Cool.
Then we should be able to do a match game in Part B. Yeah.
Hello, OLR.
Okay, here's the deal.
About a month ago, I wrote in about Silent Hill Shattered Memories and DarkSakura, the kind, loving woman she is.
Oh, I know.
Told me flat out to play one of the originals.
Now, I'm getting to my point here.
I bought Silent Hill 2 just a couple of days ago, but I could have gotten a Silent Hill 4 The Room.
So I was wondering, did I pass up a great game for a load of crap, or are they both equally good, and should I just shut the hell up now?
Um, they're different kinds of good.
Silent Hill 4 has a very different kind of game.
I'm sorry, what was the other game?
I heard The Room.
It got Silent Hill 2, but passed up Silent Hill 4 to get it.
I think you made the good choice.
I think, yeah, if you haven't played either, I think you made the better choice with 2.
I think 2 is the one that's very iconic of the series, although a lot of folks are partial to 3 and the original as well.
I personally am partial to 3, and I still say play 2 first.
4 is not bad by any means I think it got raised a little bit by critics too harsh I think it's better than that but I think also it's a little obvious that 4 was intended to be a different game in the beginning but as far as how they're related 3 is more of a sequel to 1
and 4 follows some of the story points from 2.
Well, 4 was just going to be The Room.
That was a new horror franchise they were doing called The Room and they ended up, you know, it's kind of Silent Hill-ish so let's make it Silent Hill.
But it worked.
It really did work.
It did.
It was a good game.
Horribly underrated by the community at whole.
The part with the big head.
Oh my god, I screamed like a little girl when I played that.
I think Loki was there.
I remember falling down and there were these big monster two-headed baby things in the water prison or whatever and I screamed like a girl and Loki said, what the hell are you doing?
I'm like, I'm playing Silent Hill and it's scary.
Okay, so yeah, they're both equally good, but you did a good thing by buying Silent Hill 2.
On another note, my friend brought up a good point today about Max Payne 3, which brings me to another question.
Do you guys know whether or not they're going to bring back the comic panels for cutscenes, or are we all fucked for that?
Well, I think, I don't know.
Yeah, a little early to tell, honestly, but hey, you could always have the digital comics on PSP.
You never know.
They may make a comic out of it specifically for PSP.
It would certainly lend itself well to that.
Well, I thank you for reading my email, and if you didn't, why the fuck not?
You're a loyal listener.
I'll just say, I'm not going to do your whole name, Haseo, from northern Minnesota, the land of the, oh my god, it's so fucking windy.
I'm sorry, muddy.
Sorry.
I like listeners to get a little bit of attitude with us, and if you didn't read this email, why the fuck not?
Meow.
I like emails that get a little sassy with us.
Good job.
Oh, we got another, another, another.
Did he text us really quick?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, one more message.
Is there a way to get memory from a PS2, I guess memory card, to a PS1?
Because those are a bitch to find without going online.
To a PSP and onto a PS3 without the memory card adapter.
On to a PS3?
No, I think you need the adapter.
If you're going from PS1 to PS2, a PS2 will read the cards from one, and you can even put that data on a PS2 card, but only as like a carrier.
You can't put a PS2 card in a PS1 under any reason.
So the only thing you could do, you could put a PS1 card in a PS2, but unfortunately it ain't going to do you a lick of good without the transmitter cable, unfortunately.
That's just the way it is.
Oopsies.
You might be able to.
I don't know if this will work.
You might have to do some research on this.
You might be able to get something that lets you put your PS1 data on the PC and then you could use a USB stick to do it.
That I think is possible, but I can't remember.
Yeah, but saves on the PC had different formats and stuff, so it might not work.
Because remember, there's like DexDrive formats and stuff.
I know this from back in the day when I used to do edit hacking.
You might have to spend the money to get the cable, dude.
Sorry.
All right.
Well, let's get into some angst.
Sometimes there are things that happen in the world that make us angry, and we always do this segment every week to just get it out of our system so we can be the happy hosts.
Yep, here's the leak.
Um...
You know, I was really trying to think of one.
Okay, this is going to require some backstory and it is a little bit of family goings on for me.
My brother's girlfriend and her mother were found dead on Monday in Silver Hill, Alabama.
So if anyone in the area who knows them don't, you know, say you heard anything... Well, I mean, I just... It's not, I guess, so much of a fuck you type of thing.
It's just more of a regrettable thing.
I'd actually have to say...
Everyone, and Nina, they actually don't know if it, the whole theory is that it's carbon monoxide poisoning what killed them in their, at the mobile home they lived in.
Because the last anyone heard anything was Friday.
And Matt didn't find out.
No one found out until Monday when they found them.
But I'm just saying, there's no excuse not to have a carbon monoxide tester, even if that wasn't the cause.
It's inconclusive right now.
They're treating it as a homicide.
But even so, if it was carbon monoxide or some type of gas monitoring or anything, there really shouldn't be any excuse that there's not a way to monitor that.
I'd say everyone, your homes and your health and your lives are that important.
You should invest a little bit in monitoring.
Don't they sell, and if they don't, why not, smoke detectors that double as carbon monoxide detectors?
It's a good thing to have.
You know how they regulate smoke detectors in public?
They should be regulating the multi-detectors, honestly.
But in some cases where people smoke in the house, they turn off smoke detectors.
I know, I know, I know.
And, you know, especially a lot of the manufacturing with some of those mobile homes are not always up to standard.
It's always very important that they be checked out, you know.
I mean, my brother's girlfriend, she was 18, and her mom was in her 50s.
And both way too young to, you know...
Well, that's very unfortunate.
I'm sorry to hear it.
Yeah, and my brother Matthew, he was a bit of a mess when I talked to him, but he seems to be doing better.
Well, yeah, I would be too, so I can't blame him.
So let that tragedy be awareness for everybody.
It's no joke.
Just like, you know, unfortunately I had a tragedy where I lost someone to H1N1 last year.
It's no joke.
Some of these things you hear about, no joke.
Alright, Loki, your FU's of the week.
We're in need of dick and fart joke to kind of help things out here.
Just relieve the tension.
Well, this guy was a dick.
I don't have anything, no way of working a fart, I guess.
I guess you can make a fart sound when you call him, though.
Uh...
This is the guy last week that stole my Xbox 360 or whatever.
And I said, yeah, I'll try to get a hold of him, see if everything works out, blah, blah, blah.
Obviously, he wasn't expecting to hear from him and never did.
So, you may be able to hear from him instead.
So, here's his phone number if you want to give him a call, shoot him a text.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Anyways, phone number is area code 209-981-7595 Or you can email him at ixtremejf at gmail.com That's I-X-T-R-E-M-E-J-F at gmail.com What was that number again?
That number, once again, was 209-981-7595.
It's also in my Twitter if you have questions.
I'll be happy to repost it in the chat as well.
And feel free to give him a text.
Tell him what kind of a douchebag he is.
I'm doing that right now.
Brad from PodCulture says we should call him on the show.
I don't really know.
It's not going to happen.
It doesn't matter.
I don't know how I feel about Loki doing that anyway, but I understand he's pissed, so whatever.
Loki speaks for Loki.
Whatever.
I already contacted the police.
I just don't think anything's going to happen.
I'm glad you did.
I mean, even though they have a phone number, it's hard.
It probably got changed.
He could very well just get rid of the phone number.
The iPhone was probably stolen anyway.
Yeah.
Honestly.
All right.
Well, bummer.
At the very least, though, I still get JTAG's system.
I have one coming off of eBay, legit, and will be here this week.
Well, I'm glad your story hasn't happened yet.
Yep, invalid number.
Yep.
Changed the number.
All right.
And probably change the email, too.
Let's see.
MyFU.
You should look for other similar sounding things in Stockton, though.
Like search Craigslist for a similar ad.
Okay, good.
All right.
MyFU.
I'll try to keep it brief.
I've had to make a very tough decision over the weekend.
And so, you know, like with any decision, you have those two guys that sit on your shoulder.
Not necessarily the angel and the devil, but the, you know, advocate for one side and the advocate for the other that yell and argue back and forth.
So although I'm fairly confident in this decision I'm about to make, I say F you to the guy that sits on my shoulder saying, Are you sure?
Are you sure?
We could get you a big Uzi to shoot him with.
But then I would shoot myself.
You know how I feel about guns.
You're saying an F you to the granny questions?
Shut up.
Do you wish to save?
Are you sure?
Thank you for watching!
Activision and Fendi Ward are asking you, do you suffer from mapathy?
That's right, they're planning on releasing the first map pack for Modern Warfare 2.
It'll be coming to Xbox Live on March 30th.
No word yet when PlayStation 3 will be getting it, but apparently it's going to be a timed exclusive type of thing.
What will the map pack include?
Well, it will include a couple new maps.
I guess two of them are Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare 1 remakes.
Also, apparently, there's going to be some other ones including Bailout, which is a multi-level apartment complex.
That sounds kind of cool.
Storm, an open industrial park littered with heavy machinery.
Salvage, a snowy junkyard fortified with stacked debris and crushed cars.
Two of the maps that are getting remade from Call of Duty 4 include Crash, which is a war-torn urban environment, and Overgrown, which is a massive dry creek bed.
Kind of neat.
All right.
Lots of fun Modern Warfare developments there.
Unfortunately, none of those map packs pay the heads of Infinity Ward.
I was going to say, was the content designed before the heads of Infinity Ward were axed?
I'm assuming they were.
No, it's kind of funny.
You've got to love, though, the name of the download content is the stimulus package.
If that's not a slap in the face, I don't know what is.
Oh, did you?
And they should have called it Infinity Ward, you know.
I didn't realize this because I don't really play games like Modern Warfare.
I mean, not that they're bad.
They're just games I don't really play.
I had heard that the credits in that game are kind of funny because like all the studio credits, you know, they scroll by or whatever.
And then when it gets to the credits for Activision, it speeds up and they run by like eight times as fast.
And then it goes back to normal.
There's always that tongue-in-cheek, we don't like Activision thing going on in those games.
I heard that on another show.
I thought that was funny.
All right.
How about some news on Monkey Island?
Monkey Island is coming to PSN, Mac, Telltale, and Instant Action, I guess.
Let's see.
The game store, of course, instantaction.com would be the other thing we're talking about there.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Well, there it is, The Secret of Monkey Island 2 coming out this summer on all those systems.
So it's not quite the special edition, just so you know.
It's just some new controls on the classic game.
But still, what a good game.
Good times.
Alright, I guess that's it for now.
Should we try to open up the Skype line and take some calls?
Sure, open it wide up.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Skype line is open for business.
While we wait for some calls, because it takes about a minute for the chatters to get the message, Loki, do you have any last-minute stories for us?
I don't know, DarkSakura, do you have anything?
Uh-uh.
Okay, then Loki?
I'm sure I do, and I'm just trying to navigate myself towards the webpage where said stories would be.
Let's see here.
Let's talk about Guitar Freaks XG.
Apparently, it's been released.
I'm assuming in Japan, because I sure as hell haven't seen one over here.
Then again, I haven't been in Arcaden forever.
but um yes Guitar Freak Show Mania XG has been released um in Japan and of course you may remember XG is the one where they have the extra buttons on the guitar and then the drums are a little bit fancier and whatnot but um but is the game fun I don't know well let's go to the phones hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this hi this is Actdeft hi Actdeft what's on your mind our friendly neighborhood Mexican how are you
Pretty fine.
I just wanted to ask a quick question about the PS3.
Yes.
Maybe Loki can answer this.
I've been hearing and reading in forums that there are PS3 shortages
Yeah, there's rumors going around that I've been hearing.
It's basically they're trying to sandbag their numbers for the next financial year.
Because even right now, God of War 3, there were shortage problems.
And there's also rumors that there's a disk pressing problem for God of War 3.
Because I know we got shorted pretty bad.
As well as everyone else did, apparently.
But...
It's been anything first party Sony's been hard to get for like the whole year so far.
And it's supposed to be a lot better in April when their new financial year starts so that they're basically trying to suck as much sales as they can to next year to make it look better.
Let me jump in for a minute here because, yeah, just to support what you're saying, I got a text message when PS3 Mageddon was going on, and it was one of my friends who, I guess, booted up her PS3, and it was right when the issue happened, so nobody knew that there was a time and date issue going on, and she thought the thing was broken.
So she went to Best Buy and text messaged me and said, Dude, you might want to know for your show, Best Buy has no PlayStation 3s in stock, and their computer has one in the nation located in a store.
I thought it was related to the apocalypse episode.
I think that happened on February 28th.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Shit!
Well, you can always return it, I guess.
I guess so, but some stores take a fee for that and stuff, so it's maybe a blessing in disguise that there were hardly any PS3s on shelves to get, so people couldn't have that knee-jerk reaction of, oh, I'll just get a new PS3.
Probably.
Thank gosh, or else Sony might have been in some bigger doo-doo than they were.
But you notice how most people already forgot that that happened.
Already passed it.
We've moved on.
Interesting.
Bob Coffee in our chatroom, chat.orange.com, piping in, Walmart hasn't gotten any in a while either.
Giovedeo says, my Target's been out for three weeks.
So definitely not just a Best Buy thing.
It does sound like there is some truth to this rumor.
But you watch, if all of a sudden in April they start having tons of them everywhere, that's why, because they were sandbagging them.
Final Fantasy XIII
and God of War coming out next week.
So I don't know why... Oh, you already explained it, but I would expect them to at least put a little more of the consoles out there in the market.
Keep in mind though, Actdeft, Sony lost a lot of oomph and people running out to buy a PS3 for Final Fantasy XIII when it jumped ship to 360 as well.
And like I've mentioned earlier in the night, I think it was over on Bobby's show, but there really is no reason to run out and buy a PS3
If you already have a 360 for Final Fantasy XIII, just get it on the 360.
The differences are not major enough to necessitate the change.
But God of War 3, now you can't get that anywhere else.
So, yeah, I think you make a good point.
It seems really strange that Sony would not want God of War 3 to be moving because that's a system seller for some people.
It really is.
They just figured that they're going to sell those copies.
It's just if they don't sell them right now, it's no big deal.
But...
We'll see, I mean.
Well, Actdeft, we've got to let you go so we can get more calls, but do you have any other thoughts for us tonight?
No, not really.
Just that question right now.
All right, well, you have a good one.
Take care, buddy.
Adios!
Are you Googling it?
Yes, I am.
Okay, well, hold on to that.
And if Aki Ripper calls, I don't even know if he's listening.
If he calls tonight, I will have you be our unofficial ambassador.
I can't read any of this.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hey, Spazinator, what's on your mind?
Not much.
Yeah, I was just going to comment on...
What Loki was seeing like five, ten minutes ago, and again last week, about the issue that he's been having with his one system, and that one jerk-off that kind of screwed him over.
Yeah?
Well, you know, I tried calling the number the other day.
You know, at least the other day, the number was working.
Okay.
Also, if he doesn't mind, I would like to give a little constructive criticism if I may.
Wait, hold on, hold on.
Loki, are you willing to accept some constructive criticism?
Yeah, sure, why not?
Alright, then go ahead.
Yeah, I know this is going to sound somewhat harsh, but I could have seen this coming a mile away for a couple reasons.
Did I put Leslie on Craigslist, which is practically the ghetto of the internet.
You know, you hear reports going on.
and other news about Craigslist practically every other day.
basically because and you know really looking at it now I could probably just done a JTAG install myself but the thing is I wanted to install the Cyclo the Cyclo the Cygnus 2 mod chip in there and that's a lot more difficult to install versus you know the just a JTAG JTAG I mean shit I could I could do that I mean that's it's like seven solder points and that's it and they're big and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And really, it wouldn't have been a big deal to go to this thing What I should have done is gone Should have just not left the console Should have just gone with the console Did he try to talk you into it?
Like, okay buddy, just come back in a couple hours and I'll have your console all done Well, it wasn't even that, it was like 30 minutes I was gonna go eat Whose idea was it to leave?
His.
But, you know, I could see that word that would be something, you know, where... Yeah, when you're in the... I mean... Yeah, I understand.
Hindsight is 20-20.
But when you're in the moment and you're like, okay, I kind of trust this guy.
He's got his phone.
He seems cool.
I bought stuff from Craigslist before and it's been fine.
Yeah, and to be fair, although I'm joking about it being, you know, the bowels of the internet, I...
I've seen job postings and stuff work on Craigslist.
My company's posted availabilities on Craigslist, so there are useful purposes for it.
I think if as far as it goes with services and stuff like that, you just have to be careful.
Especially with adult services.
For the love of God, if you're going to seek adult services on Craigslist, you not only need to use three methods of protection all at once.
And that's assuming that it is actually somebody and not just a police sting operation.
Yeah, and then you're going to want to bathe in bleach, honestly.
But seriously, it's just some stupid things.
And what you need to do, obviously, if you're getting some services done online, where you're going to get something taken from... A legitimate person would give you some sort of receipt.
You would have an address.
You wouldn't go to an address and he'd be waiting outside of...
There's a lot of red flags.
For example, the address that he gave me was an apartment complex.
It's not a house.
I thought it was a house.
I was like, okay, I got his address.
Where's he going to go?
It's a house.
But no, it was an apartment complex.
Where his friend probably lived.
He has this down to his science.
He ripped you off, he'll rip someone else off.
My question is, what's he doing with all these 360s?
I don't know.
Probably selling them.
Drugs, who knows.
Spazinator, I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Yeah, I was about to say the same thing.
For at least 10 to 15 years now, throughout the country, not just my area or even just your area, consoles, especially when they're still at the $250 to $300 range, are really, really big with thieves.
They take those $250 to $300 Dell consoles, deal them, turn around a fellow for $50 to $100, or just trade them straight out for...
Drugs, whatever their drug of choice happens to be.
And you never know.
It's a bummer with, since Xbox has the ability to lock out your console when you do something naughty on Xbox Live, it's kind of a pity they don't have a type of service where you could call in and find out where your 360 is or who's connecting to the internet.
I mean, granted, they don't want to help people like Loki, but some people get their 360s legitimately stolen out of their home.
Like, I remember Spazinator, weren't you the guy that had your PS3 taken right out of your house?
Yeah, and oddly enough, back in 2003, literally just as the calendar switched over from July to August, two guys barged into my apartment building and had stolen my PlayStation 2.
I called the police immediately, but unfortunately
It's hard to track, too, because there's not, like, unique license plates or whatever.
But there is.
There's a serial number.
I have the serial number.
It's a bummer you can't track?
It's a bummer Xbox doesn't have a service.
Punch in serial number and something to verify it to tells you where it's at.
The guy knew what he was doing as far as JTAGing stuff because he knew what he was talking about.
He probably not only runs the service, he probably mods your stolen 360 and then sells it.
Well, here's the thing, and I don't really have a problem that the 360 was stolen.
I have a problem that I waited four hours in Stockton.
Don't waste my time if you're going to steal from me.
You should have at least had the decency to just mug me.
No, seriously, if he was going to steal my system, just don't respond back to any of my phone calls at all instead of dragging it on for four fucking hours because that was really the issue.
I have 360 consoles.
I don't really give a crap if one of them goes away.
It's just an inconvenience for me to sit there for four fucking hours in a car waiting for somebody.
I gotta wrap up here and let Spaznate get his final thoughts because we gotta get some more calls but I do want to read this comment from chat because it's funny Brad from PodCulture says this is why my apartment is protected by the sword of omens no shit I have a replica here in the studio that's a weenie we need a sword in the OLR studio okay maybe not DarkSakura might have a gun but she knows not to tell me seriously I have knives
I've had all my airsoft guns stolen.
That was worth way more than this stupid 360.
I just let it roll right off me.
It's a 360, whatever.
I'd be screaming.
I've got four more there broken.
I've got to let Spazinator wrap up because we've got to get more calls.
Spazinator, thank you for the lively discussion and inspiration.
Do you have any other thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Nothing comes to mind.
I'll take five seconds or less.
I'll talk to Loki...
about this issue later on throughout the weekend on live or on Twitter or whatever.
I'll talk to you guys later.
Just be careful.
He might mess with you like he was messing with Cheeseburger.
Oh, that was just earlier.
I can't believe he got so confused by it.
I was just like, he must have been confused with the other Loki.
You're so rude, Loki.
All right.
Take care, Spazinator.
Thanks for the call.
Have a good one.
Yep.
I gotta ask Spazinator if he's watching the tester because he's a big Sony fan I mean usually he'll call in although I don't know about anymore because I know he's been having his issue with Sony's lately but I gotta ask him if he's been watching that because it seems like as a Sony fan maybe that's something he's into I don't know I can't believe I'm admitting I've actually been watching the tester
It's not terrible.
I'm going to file it under the Tron and Showgirls category.
It's so bad it's kind of good.
I can't explain it.
And seriously, the whole reason I put the guy's phone number in email, because I know that the police aren't going to do anything.
They're not going to be able to do anything because they don't have a name.
This is martial law.
Amiga 777, what is on your mind my friend?
Hi, I'd just like to send a public apology to some of the listeners from Japan that might have been listening last week.
I guess about some of the things that I said about, you know, the whole PlayStation 2 birthday tenure thing.
Yeah?
Um, actually, you know, PS2 is alright.
There are a lot of things, you know, kind of going back to that question, you're like, what could the Dreamcast have done better?
And, uh...
So going back on that, well, I could probably enter that question maybe toward in, let's see, October, which is technically the month that the PS2 came out here in the U.S.,
You know what, Amiga, I remember your call and I don't think you have to go out of your way to apologize.
It was your own opinion and what have you.
And last week was a little bit crazy anyway.
But, you know, I think you kind of bring up a point though that certainly the PlayStation 2 saw levels of success in other countries that may not have even been, you know, kind of duplicated here or what have you.
Oh, okay.
That was just one thing that was on my mind.
All right, well, you know what?
It takes a real man to man up to an apology, although I don't think you needed to apologize.
You had a perfectly fine opinion, but that's fine.
You said your piece.
But I think, can't we all just get along?
There's room in retro gaming love for PS2 and Dreamcast, and plenty of it.
Take care, Amiga.
Have a good one.
Take care.
Later.
877-GAME-OLR is the number to call, but our phones are lighting up.
There's like back-to-back calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Brad from PodCulture.
Well, hello, Brad from PodCulture.
What's on your mind?
Oh, Loki, you are far more laid back than I ever would be.
I know.
Just based on your Twitter and some of the problems, I won't get into it because it's on your Twitter.
Some of the recent problems you've been having with a certain realty company you've been dealing with, you do not strike me as the type that would be as passive as Loki.
I'm red-headed.
I got the temperament to go with it.
That's all right.
That's all right.
Well, there's just not much I can do with the information I have and stuff.
It's not like I can go to the guy's house and demand justice.
Give me back my son!
I don't know where the hell he lives, and I don't know what the hell his name is, because he's used a couple different names.
At this point...
Lesson learned.
You just get smarter, that's all you have to do.
You have to use this as an opportunity.
Not that we should be encouraging people to mod their consoles anyway, but you had a legitimate, I mean, I think it's legitimate to want to mod your 360 to play Japanese games.
Every week on this show I talk about Japanese release dates, and even just tonight I said, oh, here's a game on the 360, looks interesting, it'll never come out over here.
So people have a legitimate reason to want to mod their 360 to play Japanese games.
But let Loki's pain be a lesson to the rest of you.
Be careful.
It's time to be smart.
Use common sense.
Don't trust a dude you met on Craigslist with your console ever.
Do not walk away.
Don't get talked into it.
Just say, no, I'll just hang out here.
Can I watch you do it or whatever?
I'll just kind of...
You know, sit here and watch you from my car.
Be just upfront and honest.
Be like, listen, dude, I just met you.
I don't fucking trust you.
So, you know, I'm going with the console.
You know, you're either going to do this real quick.
And the other thing, too, I mean, it's like, seriously, if it's going to take four hours, I want to be there fucking going, hey, listen, are you done?
Are you done?
Are you done?
Are you done?
You know, or like, you know, if it's taking too damn long, listen, I'll just finish the rest at home.
You know, because that...
it's just it's absolutely ridiculous to have to wait for four hours and it's just that was the part that pissed me off is the fact that he drug it out for four fucking hours if you're gonna steal a thing just say you just don't reply back or just reply back to the text you know sucker and then that's it
He's like, seriously, what are you going to do?
It's like, you know, I can't track you down.
I don't know where the fuck you live.
So, you know, I wish I did follow him because then I'd know where the fuck he lived.
I'd be going right straight to his apartment.
Or probably just wouldn't have gotten anything to eat.
Or one of the listeners would have gone straight to his apartment by now.
Probably.
There you go.
Well, do you have any further advice, I guess, maybe, for Loki?
Don't use Craigslist?
I don't know.
Well, you know, trust no one.
Pretty much.
Or if you're going to go use someone on Craigslist or whatever like that, just be really crazy about it.
Fingerprint the guy.
Get his picture.
Or if he takes your 360, take their driver's license or something.
Although that could be fake too.
Well, most people I don't think would expect that.
That's true.
The one time I had a console chipped, it was somebody who knew somebody and that was back in the day when the PlayStation 1
Oh, man.
The PlayStation 1 was so easy to mod, though.
DarkSakura bought me a plug.
It's like a present for, I don't know, something that I just plugged into the back of the thing.
You did.
I don't even know if you remember.
I got mine chipped just to play two games.
Oh.
you did, that's how we played, remember the one day at my apartment we all came, all the sacramentals came over to play DDR Third Mix that's when I discovered my love for Erotic and Oh Nick Please Not So Quick yeah, the thing, the IOPort thing yeah
I don't have the skills to solder, so I had to have someone do it.
I also have another art form I'm looking to get rid of.
We used those for a while, but for the longest time Dan and I didn't need them because we could still disc swap on our PlayStation.
The single swap.
Oh yeah, there was like a trick you could do for it.
Well, with the first one, it was just the single swap.
It would load the PlayStation screen, and then you stop the spinner by pressing the little button to the thing.
Yeah, I remember that.
Yeah, and then you move it out.
You used a paper clip to do it.
Crazy, crazy stuff.
All right, well, Brad, anything else on your mind tonight you wanted to talk about?
Well, with the, you know, games are expensive and stuff, and I've got the studio in turmoil here because we're packing up to move.
But to save a few bucks and something that not everyone might think about is I've been buying a lot of games used from Gamefly.
I just picked up Brutal Legend, Batman Arkham Asylum, and...
Ghostbusters for less than the price of one game new.
I've actually been using Gamefly now.
I have this really bad habit of hanging on to one game for six months.
They send me emails all the time about, hey, do you just want to buy the game you've had for four months?
It's not a bad idea.
I think they give you a little bit of money.
It's like $5, $10.
It's not very significant, but it's enough to try and hook you.
The little fish bait.
Enough to try and hook you.
They're at the top of their game for the service they're providing.
It's not a service for everybody, but it's a good service.
I don't use it that often.
Just like, I'm kind of broke right now.
But yeah, used games, nothing wrong with that.
There's so many games that came out like a year ago that I didn't have time to play that there's... Less than 20 bucks a pop now.
For real, for real.
So good advice to the gamer in this economy, I suppose.
All right.
Well, Brad, we got to let you go because our phone lines have been on fire and I want to get at least one more call.
Later, guys.
Later, buddy.
All right.
Again, please don't be butthurt if you don't get through our phone call.
Of course, now it's not lit up, but probably because everyone still hears Brad on the phone.
I wanted to tell you, Rob, I actually went on to the iTunes store because, really, I wanted to buy Final Fantasy II.
And I found reviews for Street Fighter IV.
Oh, yes, that had come out during GDC, I heard.
Yeah, I'm probably going to pick it up after payday, just given that out of 567 reviews, it's currently sitting at...
Let me see.
Okay, out of 894 ratings, it's got 668 five-star.
So it's currently at a four-and-a-half star.
That's not bad.
Yeah.
I couldn't believe, though, the controls are any good.
But we got another call, so I'm going to go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Silence Radio.
Who's this?
It's DT.
Hey, I haven't heard from you in a long time.
How are you, DT?
I know.
Good.
Good, good.
I took out that shirt, by the way.
What's that?
Oh my god, that's like finding your class of 96 shirt in a truck somewhere.
That's awesome.
Yes, the first tournament was SCAT, right?
Shaft was second, right?
Sacramento's cosplay and tournament.
For those that don't know, okay, again, let me quickly give the backstory for those that haven't listened to OLR a very long time.
This show was formed because Loki, myself, and DarkSakura, and DT, you were a part of this circle too, would meet up at the arcade and play DDR games.
And that's how we all kind of met.
And of course, our show started about music-based video games because of that.
But when the Mamani series started kind of tapering off, we branched out to saying, well, hell, we play all video games.
We don't just play DDR.
Let's talk about all video games.
So that's where we've been at for a few years.
But as part of this DDR loving circle, we used to throw tournaments.
And the first one we had was SCAT, Sacramentals, because we're from Sacramento, California, cosplay and tournament.
And we actually encouraged people to dress up, although I think we had maybe four people all day that actually came dressed up.
And then we had a DDR tournament, which actually, for its time, a lot of people... We had a ton of people show up!
Sacramento was kind of the place you went because you just don't give a fuck.
I think a lot of people didn't take our tournament that seriously, and it was okay.
People had fun with it.
And you know me, you know DarkSakura, you know Loki.
We're all about just having fun.
I think Loki, if I remember right... Oh, Loki.
I'm going to embarrass Loki.
Loki had a Dynamite Rave routine ready to go.
Not really.
I had at one point memorized Dynamite Rave backwards.
And he was dressed up like one of the guys from The Matrix because it was that many years ago.
Just because I had a trench coat on.
Well, that's what you look like.
And he started to dance and he fell.
And I forgot what the... But he laughed.
He didn't go in the corner and cry.
He laughed and we all laughed at him.
No, we all laughed with him.
All right.
And then we laughed at him.
No, I'm just kidding.
Well, oh, yeah, no, I The best of
The Best of Orange Lounge Radio Well, I'm just waiting on Misty to finish up the narration Yeah, I...
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
That'll be a fun show.
Tune in for that night when I'm not here and DarkSakura is running the control board.
That's going to be a hootin' holla.
Hi!
You're going to have to totally show me the stuff that I'm missing, by the way.
Can't wait.
It's easy.
This new system is so much easier than our old system.
It's easy.
So, it'll be fun.
Anything else on your mind, DarkSakura, tonight?
No, I've just been playing a lot of 2DX.
Oh, 2DX.
You beat a new song tonight, right?
Yeah, I actually passed V. Well, I got this, I don't know if Loki's heard of it, the ESR, the memory card exploit.
Oh, okay.
You can play copies on it.
Very cool.
Yeah, I beat V, finally.
Congratulations.
That's quite an accomplishment, so very cool.
All right, well, DT, I'm going to let you go.
Have a good one, buddy, and thanks for calling.
You too.
All right, bye-bye.
SSJ100Matt actually has a really good suggestion in chat saying we should try to do a pre-recorded PAX show.
Actually, what I think would be really funny is that maybe there won't be a live show next week, but maybe there'll be some type of recorded show.
I know I'm going to PAX with my buddy Seg, who is part of the Umlaut crew, and my friend Amanda, who's really funny.
She's never been on the show because I think she works a lot Sunday nights.
You've met Amanda, of course, Jamie, right?
Little Amanda?
Yes.
It's going to PAX.
How random is that?
I want to go.
So we're all going.
I think it might be fun.
We might do like a recorded thing, and then I know OLR fans are going to be there.
So I will tell you next week if I'm going to have a hat or a shirt or something to look for me, and I need to look at the schedule.
Maybe I can finish your scarf.
You should.
Look for the rainbow scarf.
Oh, too bad you can't make me an orange scarf.
I can make you an orange scarf.
Can you whip one up in like a week and a half?
This is me.
Do you want me to make you a hat?
Can you make one that says OLR on it?
Might be a little tough.
Might be a little tough.
I'm not that good yet.
Why don't I make you just a big obnoxious orange scarf?
Okay, a big obnoxious orange scarf.
Excellent.
And I'll even put fuzzy fringe on it.
Excellent.
Make it fuzzy and very gay.
Okay.
Okay.
Excellent.
So then that means the rainbow one might have...
I have to wait a little bit.
It's for a good cause.
By the way, the Skype line is going to be closed.
I'm sorry.
Don't be butthurt if you didn't get through.
I'm very sorry.
Send us an email.
Mailbag at orangelaundry.com.
Quick, write it down now, what you were wanting to call in about.
Yeah, big, flamey orange scarf.
And I will find a game room.
Like, you know, they do the game rooms at PAX.
I'm going to look at what games are going on.
And especially if there's, like, a music-based one, I will make it a point to be there for, like, DDR hour or, you know...
as a throwback to how this show started.
I will make it a point to be there doing a music game thing.
And I know there's quite a few OLR listeners going, so I hope to see you guys.
Yeah, and I like what Actdeft is saying.
Make a pre-recorded, pre-packed show and a best of the same week.
It'll be a little weird because, you know, it's not OLR without Loki and Dark Sakura, so I would say it's a spin-off show for the week that might go to the feed.
It would actually be a show called Rob Goes to Packs or something like that.
and then I don't know what DarkSakura and Loki will do.
It'll be funny.
I think you guys should just do something fucking random like next week.
Just get together and play a game or something and tape it.
It'll be funny.
Anyway, we'll talk about that over the next couple weeks.
If you have ideas, email mailbagorangeonestradio.com SSJ100Matt says I should be using the Twitter when I'm at PAX so they can stalk me.
Abso-fucking-lutely I'm going to be on the Twitter.
Prepare to have your Twitters flooded with tweets from PAX.
I will be doing that on the oil.
I'll be tasteful.
Don't worry.
Is Sony supposed
Pax Prime Pax Prime
That was still fun, though.
So, we'll see.
Yeah, it was fun.
It was very fun.
All right.
Some folks in chat really like the idea of DarkSakura and Loki doing a show without me.
Well, fine.
I see how you are.
SSJ100Matt says, have Dan here and have him take Skype calls the whole show.
This will be Dan.
Ring.
Talk to Orange Islands Radio.
Hi.
I don't care.
Bye.
Shut the fuck up, junkie.
Dan, Dan, Dan
Should I say that?
I don't know.
Maybe too early?
Too soon?
No, that's not too soon.
We're thinking about doing something.
Vault related and I will say this much currently it is just an OLR project it has nothing to do with all games if we can work it in with all games excellent but there's so many great shows on all games that we're planning to do it just to say show that's not live so we'll see more to come and that might not be the only new show coming soon we'll see alright anyhow
Um, alright.
So, chatters like the idea of a Dan show.
You better see if Dan's going to be available PAX weekend.
Tell them the chatters demand it.
Alright, we're going to wrap shit up.
It's time for us to get out of here.
First, though, last minute stories.
I don't know if Loki cleared them out.
So, any other last minute stories you guys have?
Kitty!
Kitty YouTubes don't count as last minute stories.
No, I...
It's Maru the Cat.
Let's see, there's apparently a new guitar game, or I guess a new guitar that's out there.
This is called the Power Gig Guitar.
It is not only a guitar controller, but it's a real guitar.
And you can apparently use it with rock band and whatnot.
And you can also plug it into an amp and actually play a real guitar.
No word on what the cost is on it, though.
Let me see here.
I haven't said what the cost is on it yet, but it looks neat.
I guess, if you want a guitar...
Although I'd probably just buy a separate guitar if that's just me.
Portal 2 is at E3.
Duh, duh, and duh.
Exactly.
Also, Battlestar Galactica is apparently getting an MMO.
Frackin' awesome!
And it's interesting, though.
It says that it's being developed for SyFy, I guess, by Big Point, which they've done several titles in the genre, I guess, before.
And I guess it'll be coming out this autumn on SyFy's website for an exclusive 30-day period.
And I don't know where it's going from there.
I gotta say, since we've now finally done what we told the listeners we were going to do for years and we did our fuck show last week, we might have to do a frack show the week Battlestar Galactica comes out.
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
We need a new epic show idea.
I'm sure one will come up soon enough.
there's still the wheel of obscenity that I've wheel of obscenity, turn, turn, turn show us the curse word that we should learn exactly yeah, and that's pretty much it for now
Alright, that's it.
We're going to wrap it up and get on out of here for the night.
It's a good show though.
It was fun.
Lots of ground covered tonight.
Considering, you know, this was the week that Final Fantasy XIII came out, we did a very good job of talking about a lot of games and not just that one tonight because we talked about it all last week amongst the F-words.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
you know about this show help us spread the word and if you're like Rob I've told everybody I can't think of anyone else to tell then please post a review somewhere iTunes the Zoom listing Podcast Alley wherever there's plenty of podcasting sites help us spread the word and there's even some folks have gone so far to do forum signatures and stuff that is like way more than we could ask for and really appreciate it just so you know so thank you very much
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
I'll start with my final thought.
My final thought is I want a taco.
Again, yes, it's a Sunday night tradition.
Taco, taco, taco.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
I love my kitty.
Yes, there's Shermie YouTubes now, huh?
Yeah, Shermie has two YouTubes up, but I also was watching Maru the Cat, and that's cute, too.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
Two more weeks, I get to play the Rockstar staff in Grand Theft Auto 4, and I intend on kicking the crap out of them.
Are you going to film it somehow?
You gotta make that happen.
Make it happen.
I could do that, I guess.
Make it work.
That would be sweet.
There you go.
But the problem is, because they're doing an event, because they do these every now and then, and I always miss them, but it's actually during my work time that it happens to take place, and it's teams of two that you get to go play against them, but I'm just gonna kick the crap out of them, and it's gonna be hilarious.
Can't wait.
Can't wait.
Alright, well thank you guys very much and tune in next week.
We'll be back next week with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie may be a little late, but that's not going to stop the show.
So we'll be back next week with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, Jamie?
You'll be here just late.
We.
Alright.
So see you next week, guys.
Have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but were probably right anyway.
See you next week!
