Tonight, September 13th, 2009, you can emulate Commodore 64 on your iPhone, then you can't.
An intentional glitch outs pirates of a popular game, and a popular franchise's sequel gets canned in Japan.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Here with you over the next three hours, live every Sunday night on All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you for the next few hours, also with me as well, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Beer.
How are you?
Beer fiend?
Beer.
Beer-licious?
What kind of beer tonight?
250th Anniversary Guinness.
And what makes it so dang special?
Because it's 250th anniversary Guinness.
Oh.
Also say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm good.
All right.
Now, of course, before we get into gaming weeks, usually, we somehow start off the show as Orange Lounge Radio Foodio.
And tonight is no exception to the cause here.
Loki, what the hell did you bring with you tonight?
Because I have to admit, it actually looks kind of disgusting.
I brought parts of Bacon Fest 2009, as Nelly would call it.
It was the bacon-themed birthday party.
Some of the food that we served there, including bacon muffins, which they're cornbread muffins.
I'm seriously looking at all this food.
Oh my god.
It's just too much.
Don't get me wrong.
I love bacon, but this is too much bacon.
Bacon is meat candy.
Okay, sorry to interrupt.
Anyways, so it's...
Okay, let me just run down the list here.
The bacon muffins.
They're basically cornbread muffins with... Well, initially it had a little bit of reserved bacon fat in there to give it the kind of bacon flavor, and there's bacon inside of it.
And then Nellie decided that they didn't quite taste like enough bacon, and she...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Green Onion and Bacon.
It's kind of like a spicy...
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
What about the jelly bean?
I don't see enough appreciation for jelly beans out there.
It has to be jelly bellies.
Alright, forget it.
And then the last one is, it's shrimp wrapped in bacon with barbecue sauce and mozzarella cheese broiled on top of it.
But it's actually, the shrimp's pretty good.
We ate mostly the shrimp.
And then it had candied bacon.
It was with...
Thank you for watching!
And then Irene and Nathan brought these mashed potato ball things that have bacon and stuff.
So I haven't tried those, but everyone liked those, I think.
All right, let's go to our chat room.
Yes, we do talk about video games occasionally on this show.
But let me go to the chat room and introduce them.
Howdy, guys, at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
They're always with us, the ever-present fourth guest on the show.
Tiger Claw says, you guys should take a picture of this and post on the OLR gallery.
We are one step ahead of you, sir.
Dark Sakura, I think, already did that.
They should be on their way up to the OLR Gallery So if you want to check out the food Go to orangelaunchradio.com Click on, I think it's galleries And you'll see If you're smart, you'll figure it out Click on pictures or galleries I don't have it in front of me And then you can find the bacon stuff Sadly, the one thing that wasn't there was Super Bacon Just because I thought I had plenty of bacon And I actually ran short of bacon I had bought like five packages of bacon And it was still not enough
All right.
Salacious Pop in chat says popcorn jelly bellies equal vom.
The chat room, by the way, is called Kevin.
I just want to point out, though, that I actually like the popcorn jelly beans quite a bit, but my favorite is toasted marshmallow.
Jelly belly makes a toasted marshmallow jelly bean that is delicious.
In honor of Bacon Fest, the chat room is called Kevin.
Kevin.
I'm very sorry, I did not refer to them by their proper name.
I still don't understand this whole renaming the chatroom to names of people you know.
You are Kevin!
Fine.
Alright, um, there you go.
So, okay, I'm going to try one of these bacon shrimp things, even though my pancreas hurts just looking at it, dear God.
Well, that's two of them.
There's two of them.
You need to separate that.
Okay, here we go.
Careful, and chew carefully because, like you said, it's a little choky.
Thank you for watching!
It's good, but damn.
This is probably all I'm going to have.
I'm going to have another piece of shrimp.
You guys can see in the picture gallery, and even if you're listening on the podcast, you can go on the website.
I'm sure it'll still be there.
You can go in that picture gallery and look, and it's too much.
It's too much.
Yes, there is such a thing as too much bacon, and it is sitting in front of us tonight.
The important thing today, Rob, is that all I've had is a salad, so I could safely eat this bacon.
DarkSakura, what type of video games have you been playing this week?
I don't know what the hell this is.
Enough with the bacon.
Put the bacon down.
Step away from the bacon.
Do you want me to have Loki go first?
Okay, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was awesome.
Well, you know.
Played the usual stuff, New Grand Theft Auto, whatnot.
Also got around to playing a little bit of Scribblenauts, which... It's alright, but I haven't really gotten past the tutorial stuff yet because I've only played it for a little bit.
I've been busy messing with the little front-end thing where you can spawn wherever you want and stuff.
And let me tell you, and I know this really sucks to say it, but...
Oh my god, does it get old after five minutes.
And, you know, that is really sad.
I knew it.
I knew that's what was going to happen with this game.
I haven't played it yet, so I just... You know, it's one of those things, I think it's like the Nintendogs of this year.
It's like one of those things that's going to be cute as hell for 30 minutes, and then you're going to be like, okay, I did all the lulzy things I wanted to do, and...
Pretty much.
And, you know, I'm sure the puzzles and stuff are going to be fun.
I haven't quite gotten there yet because I'm still doing the fucking tutorial stuff, which is annoying.
But just as far as messing with stuff, it's kind of boring.
And the other thing that I don't really care for in it is the control.
The control, you have to use the stylus and you click to where you want Maxwell to go.
And it's so non-responsive.
It's just...
So Loki played with the playground and not the actual game and called it old.
Well, I'm telling you what I played.
I'm just saying.
I thought I'd be able to play this playground part and just, you know, have a lot of fun with it for quite a while.
Because, I mean, dude, I made a cat.
Well, first thing I did was I did what the ESRB had, you know, where they said you can lure a lion with meat strapped to a baby.
So I strapped meat to a baby and, you know, lured a lion with that.
And that was kind of funny.
And then I strapped a laser to a cat and tried to make a laser cat, but that didn't work.
Because, you know, it just didn't know what I wanted it to do.
Um, but yeah, I'm sure the puzzles are fun, but like I said, I haven't played there yet, and I'm just saying what, this is my impression so far, it's a really quick impression, but yeah, it's not as much fun as I thought it would be.
Fair enough, I guess.
Um, now, the other thing, too, uh, this week is I finally, finally, finally got my arcade cabinet.
So I went down to the, um, San Jose and picked up my Astro City candy cab and brought it home.
And also with that, I got a...
was it um an MVS um Neo Geo board a single slot with a 48 in one which I'm sure is absolutely not legit one bit um 48 in one Neo Geo cart that's got a lot of King of Fighters and Metal Slug and whatnot on there but um you know basically I have that to hold me over until I finish my main computer and all that stuff um but it's kind of cool so I'm putting that all together and um
Actually going to be painting the whole thing black, so I'm going to have to do that as well because it's kind of scuffed up.
I tried to find a white paint or something that might match it, but you can't match the color of the plastic there, so it's just easier to paint the whole thing black.
I've got some pics on my LiveJournal right now of just the cabinet.
It's kind of taken apart a little bit.
The control panel wasn't on there.
I had to re-screw that back on there because they gave me...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This was $22.38, so I had to go order that specially online from Atlanta, and they had apparently some of these Toshiba fluorescent lights, so I had that.
Now, you are still taking late donations for your cabinet.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Okay, good, because I never donate.
I was going to do it on Friday, but I got sidetracked, so I'm going to give you a late donation.
I still got lots of stuff I got to get online.
I'm planning on refurbing my...
I'm actually rebuilding my DDR pads and I have an email into Channel Beat about Dance Maniacs sensors because I have the actual Dance Maniacs machine.
I have two upper sensors but I need two lower sensors and if I can get them for a good price I'm going to buy them from them.
Now where did you put all these machines?
Are you putting them in your garage?
Well, I don't have a Dance Maniacs machine.
I have the motherboard inside of it.
Right, but you used to have your candy cab.
Where's that going?
The candy cab's in the garage right now, but it's going to go in the middle room.
Oh, okay.
I'm taking the TV, the HDTV, and there's an HDTV and a Stanford in the room right now, and that's leaving our room, going into our bedroom.
So you have to put the toys in the middle bedroom so the wife can close the door and not see it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
My gaming week was a marathon session of Beatles Rock Band, which I really loved.
I had a great time playing, especially doing harmony, because everybody doesn't have to do all the harmony, but you get more bonuses if you harmonize properly.
And I had a really good time with that.
That was a lot of fun, except that my hand started hurting after a while playing some of the guitar.
Yeah.
I was going to say, I forgot, I also did play Beal's Rock Band and Rock Band 2.
Did you know, actually, and this is kind of neat, I just tried it because I wasn't sure if it worked, that the old Karaoke Revolution mics from the PlayStation 2 actually work on the 360 version of Rock Band?
Did you know the Lips mics also work on it?
I didn't know if they patched that stuff in yet, but I know they were supposed to be getting patched in soon.
Well, Dan made it out of his conference with a double set of Lips mics, and so we used those.
We had a really good time.
I thought it was great.
So you guys both feel... No, you kind of already gave your review last week, Loki, and you said, I'm not a fan of the Beatles, so I'm not as yippy about this, but I see where people are getting excited about it.
Yeah, it was alright, but I think we came away with it like, wow, the Beatles had some really tripped out shit in there, and their songs were weird, because we had Nathan singing the stuff, and he's just like, holy crap, I didn't know that they had these weird songs, but after about maybe 10 minutes of it, we're just like, okay, let's go to Rock Band 2, because we just got tired of it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and which is actually really easy and fun to sing it's the only one I beat on expert and then something was on there which is another one I like and we also the the theme was we had a discussion on who had the better hair and we all agreed that George Harrison had better hair and um now quick question have you explored download content because you know some of the okay because some of it's there we just rented it because Dan was a button didn't pre-order it for me I see
I, I, I, I, I
There were really some fun ones in there, like Taxman was in there, and I think I saw She Came In Through the Bathroom Window, which is a cool song.
A lot of stuff, you know, but of course then I had to go and listen to all the stuff that Tiare gave me.
I actually listened to Rubber Soul like three times all the way through.
I feel so uncool.
I'm like the only person that didn't play Beatles Rock Band this week.
And granted, it's my own damn fault.
My Xbox 360 is still broke and I need to go get it fixed.
I've just been complacent doing all this other stuff and I've just been busy with some other things in my personal life so I haven't really gotten out to get it fixed.
But I'm not going to re-buy the instruments just for the PS3 version.
No, I have all these money invested in instruments on the 360.
That's where I want to get Beatles Rock Band.
So I'm just a little behind.
And by the time I'm ready to play it, there'll probably be nobody left playing it online.
well um I also um like I'm doing right now play Sims 3 because I love Sims 3 and um it's actually really easy to uh run it during the show cause I have to always be doing something um I also um what else did I play no I don't think I played I was gonna play a Dreamcast game and I didn't you know thought about it didn't do it played some pinball
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I've played twice!
Clearly I have issues because I'm already like level 24, but I have some friends that are playing, so whatever.
It makes it go by faster.
And I'm sure there's people that are going to be like, you could have gotten your Xbox fixed, but you've been playing World of Warcraft.
Don't judge me!
Let's see, what else?
I've been playing... I have been playing some stuff on the PlayStation as well.
Just kind of mostly the same stuff.
Wipeout and...
Home, even I got some more invites to the club on there taken care of, so if you were waiting for that, then you probably got that.
And yeah, just kind of...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
After having been missing frequency and amplitude for so long, it's kind of cool to have this.
I do miss the techno music, but Rock Band Unplugged has a decent song list.
I'm satisfied.
So, all right.
Well, that's going to do it for our gaming weeks.
So let's get into our housekeeping tonight.
In tonight's housekeeping, there may or may not be a show next week.
I'm thinking, and I kind of have to ask this live on air.
No?
No show?
Are you out?
I'm out.
Okay, so then we're not going to do it.
I have stuff that needs to get done on Sunday night.
Okay, then fine.
Because I was going to suggest we do it late because my flight gets in at 5.30 so maybe we can start the show at 7.
But we'll just not do it then if you have stuff going on too.
So free night for Loki, woo!
I get to work in the cabinet, woo!
But the problem is I am also going to be out
The First Weekend of October
That's it, I guess, for housekeeping.
Otherwise, you can always follow us on Twitter.
We're Orange Lounge on... I'm sorry, OLR on Twitter.
We're OLRmy on Facebook.
It's a club, so you have to search for OLRMY and Orange Lounge on LiveJournal, although I don't think we've posted to LiveJournal in about a year, but it's there.
I should cross-post some of mine.
You should actually cross-post some of it to Orange Lounge.
It'd be nice to see that being updated.
So there you go.
Okay.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
regarding Kurt Cobain's appearance in Guitar Hero 5, apparently.
And this is her two posts that she had on Twitter.
For the record, this Guitar Hero shit is breach of contract on Bully's part, and there will be a proper addressing of this and retraction.
And then she followed up with, we are going to sue the shit out of Activision...
We being the Trusty Estates, the LLC, and the various LLCs, Cobain Enterprise.
This is going to be a completely unrelated statement, but I just have to get this off my chest.
Isn't this fascinating that we live in a world now where Twitter is like a late-breaking news source?
And a lot of the reason why is because celebrities on Twitter are unfiltered.
They're not going through their publicists and writing things like this.
I don't know why, but seven years ago when we started this show, we would never have a story like this.
But now it's kind of weird that...
We're reading about Courtney being pissed off, like, through her Twitter.
It's just weird that Twitter is, like, this news source all of a sudden.
Here's my thing.
It's weird.
Why the hell is anyone reading Courtney Loves Twitter?
I mean, seriously.
She has fans.
Who?
She does?
Like, convicts?
I mean, who?
I mean...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Violet by Hole Violet by Hole
Lip Sync Thingy because everybody else was doing lollipop, lollipop and all this stupid shit and all dressed and clear cut and here we are going out on stage and drag singing Violet and it was all kinds of awesome.
You know how we did?
We got last place.
Last place.
Thank you, Courtney Love.
I mean, okay, they had a... I was a hot-ass Courtney Love, though.
I will just put that out there.
Well, they did have a picture of Courtney Love on Kotaku during one of the stories.
It actually was one of the good pictures of her.
I'm like, wow, she was hot at one time.
What the fuck happened there?
I'm guessing a lot of drugs, but, you know, hey.
Anyways, back to the story.
So, she was pissed off that, you know, Kurt Cobain is...
And I'm sure you've seen plenty of videos regarding this.
Apparently, these artists can be unlocked as playable characters in the game, so therefore you can make them sing any retarded song that's in this game.
Including, I think they had one that had Flava Flav in it.
So they had the clip, of course, of Kurt Cobain lip-synced to...
Flava Flav, and I mean, that's just blasphemy right there.
Activision responded, of course, after these stupid Twitter updates saying that Courtney Love signed a, you know, contract for this and, you know,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks for watching!
While we are aware of Kurt's image being used with the two Nirvana songs, we didn't know that the players had the ability to unlock the character.
This feature allows the character to be used with any kind of song the player wants.
We urge Activision to do the right thing in relocking Kurt's character so that this won't continue in the future.
It's hard to watch an image of Kurt pantomiming other artists alongside cartoon characters.
Kurt Cobain wrote songs that hold a lot of meaning to people all over the world.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
They said that they, you know, of course, they know that they signed the agreement, but they didn't know that he was going to be used in that way.
That kind of thing.
This says it all right here.
Exactly where this whole thing is coming from.
They signed the agreement, but didn't know that it was going to be used in that way.
And here's the thing.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Because I have a rant on this.
Go ahead.
I think that's actually it.
Good.
Here's the thing.
Obviously, there's multiple sides to every story, but having covered this crap as long as we have, I think I have a pretty good idea what's going on here.
And I'm probably wrong, and I'm pulling this out of my ass.
It's complete speculation, but here's my thought.
When this was shown to the people that it needed to be shown to, they didn't show the clip of Kurt Cobain doing Flava Flav.
They didn't say anything about Kurt Cobain being an unlockable character in the game.
They probably showed clips of Kurt Cobain doing the actual Nirvana songs, and then the proper signatures were obtained or what have you.
Although I hear that Courtney Love, she signed it, then she resisted it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks for watching!
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You know, motion capture data that they basically collected for these different songs.
Going to chat.orangelaunchradio.com and reading comments, DarkTetsuya says, I could understand him having a problem with him singing stuff from other artists.
I don't see why they couldn't just lock him to only the Nirvana stuff.
See, well, A, there's two things to that.
A, you can't patch games on the Wii, and you can't patch games on the PlayStation 2.
So, it's done.
I mean, they could recall the game, but what's...
I don't mean to be disrespectful but I guess I am
You're putting him in a video game.
What do you expect?
I mean, this isn't... This is Guitar Hero.
I mean, if you want respectful treatment of artists, you need to go to Rock Band.
I'm sorry.
Burn.
Does Rock Band really... They don't have artist likeness in the games, do they?
No, they don't.
Except for the Beatles Rock Band, but that's the way you do it.
But I mean, I'm sorry.
It's just... God, it's Guitar Hero.
I mean, get over it, people.
If you don't like his likeness in the game, don't buy the game.
There you go.
or if you bought the game and it's too late return it at the same time
Isn't it just a game?
Isn't this just a type of artistic impression?
I mean, what's to stop me from going on YouTube and making a sock puppet effigy of Kurt Cobain singing whatever songs I want and then pretending to have that sock puppet effigy put a shotgun in his mouth and do away with himself?
Is it in bad taste?
Yes.
But can Courtney Love really sue me over that?
No, because it's art.
And I can kind of do whatever the fuck I want.
Well, keep in mind, though, her perspective, too.
She is his widow, and that's going to put a different emotional push on it for her than it would for anyone else.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean, in my opinion, before I signed, that's what I would have wanted to see.
But I have a feeling that didn't happen.
So, I don't know.
Azure Edge in a chat says, you should do that.
I'm not going to do that.
Look, I may not be the biggest Nirvana fan in the world, but that is extremely disrespectful, what I just suggested doing, and I'm not going to do it.
That's time out of my day.
Exactly.
I could be playing WoW.
Come on.
I'm not gonna make a mess.
Hey, do you know how much red corn syrup that would take?
At least, at least it's not Revolution X, okay?
I mean, they could have had it worse.
Um, Frisbee says even if it's not art, lol, freedom of speech.
You know, I suppose the difference though is that if I were to make that whole YouTube as disrespectful as it might be, I'm not charging for it and I'm not making money off of it.
And that's probably the big difference is that, you know, Activision makes a ton of money off Guitar Hero.
No offense, I'm sorry, but I can't see people going, oh my god, Kurt Cobain's in this game, I must buy it.
I don't think so.
I mean...
I'm sure maybe there is one or two, but I mean, come on.
I don't think people are going to buy a game just because an artist is in it.
Unless it's like the Beatles rock band where it's all about the artist.
Yeah, I can understand if it's Guitar Hero Navarro or something like that.
Or even the Metallica Guitar Hero, the Van Halen.
There are going to be people, as much as we've kind of made fun of Van Halen, Guitar Hero, there's going to be people that really want that because they're just diehard Van Halen fans.
I get that.
Yes, ma'am.
We need Van Hagar.
Different topic altogether.
GS68 in chat says, Kurt Cobain confirmed for Super Smash Bros.
4.
How about Silent Hill?
Now that's bad taste.
SalaciousPop says, when he finds his way into Space Channel 5-3, I'll be impressed.
Wouldn't it be funny if she just didn't realize?
I would like to see people make YouTubes of Kurt Cobain in other video games now.
This should become the new meme or whatever you want to call it that's out there.
Somebody should do that.
Put Kurt Cobain's face on Ulala's head and have him doing the choo-choo and all that.
Wouldn't it be funny, though, if she accidentally signed off on his appearance being
In any Activision game, like Call of Duty or, you know, some Madagascar game or... Well, the other thing to consider, too, is how intoxicated was she when she signed?
Because now...
That's her own fucking fault then.
No.
If she can prove that she was sufficiently drunk enough or intoxicated enough, then it actually could be considered null and void under federal business law.
You have got to be kidding me.
Even if witnesses signed it too?
I took business law.
Why should that be an excuse?
Sober the fuck up before you sign something.
The same thing applies to weddings too.
Thanks for watching!
Well, they shouldn't have got her to sign it, but, you know, she can say, Hey, I was really drunk at the time, then... And who wouldn't believe her?
Then there is cause to take it to court.
I don't know if she'd be smart enough to realize that, but... You wouldn't be able to prove that.
It would be... Salacious Poppinchat says, It is not legal to enter contract with an impaired person.
Then how did they ever get her to sign?
Ever.
Hey, she's drunk.
Let's get her to sign.
I mean, isn't there... Surely... I don't know.
I'm thinking, does she have soul... We can't tell the difference.
Does she have soul power of attorney over everything?
Probably.
She probably does, huh?
There wouldn't be like a lawyer involved or anybody else that signs off, right?
I think she was listed full executor, wasn't she?
And I don't think their daughter's 18 yet.
No.
So, no.
Although she's an attractive young lady.
I don't know if you've seen pictures of her.
She's aging very well.
That's just after her dad.
Mm-hmm.
Alright, anyhow, sorry, we're talking a bit too much about this, and I think everybody's got their thoughts out on this, but yeah, honestly, I don't think there's anything that can be done.
I think the stink is out there, I don't think her lawsuit is going to hold much weight unless, maybe DarkSakura's onto something, honestly.
It could be very interesting if that is the defense that comes up in court, is that she was too high to sign the documents.
She's a drugged up bitch, and that's, clearly, she can't enter into any contracts.
I'm fucked up Frisbee says zombies ate my cart
Alright, shush.
Let's move on to some more news and talk about zombies of a different sort.
And the type of zombies that are in Left 4 Dead 2.
Now, you know we've been talking about the boycotts of Left 4 Dead 2.
I know we've talked about it previously on this show about how there was this thing out there where all these people were signing it.
Wah, wah, wah, you shouldn't be making Left 4 Dead 2 because you haven't supported Left 4 Dead 1 enough.
And I think the agreement among us here in studio was get over it.
Because...
Thanks for watching!
Well, here's an interesting tactic by Valve.
I actually have to hand it to them.
They actually invited the two Steam users who started the boycott.
Their online names are WalkingTarget and AgentOfChaos.
Right after the game was announced at E3 2009, they invited these guys to Valve's offices to play the game, interview members of the development team.
Now, the interesting thing is that the resolution of this is that these two guys say they're going to continue boycotting the upcoming title.
But at the same time, reported that the game seemed balanced and tight and did not feel like a rush jobs.
Now, of course, the people that all signed this petition, there's a lot of them saying, it's corrupt, you guys are corrupt, and now you guys should step down, you should no longer be admins of this, and the guys that went say, hey, what we did, we did way more than most people thought we'd get done, meaning they have over 40,000 members in the Left 4 Dead 2 boycott group on Steam.
Well...
and they are still demanding that Valve release this as a low-cost expansion pack to the original F for Dead is what the community is bitching for.
What I think... I really don't think that it's in any way kind of selling out.
It's that Valve offered an olive branch.
Yeah, I don't think these guys sold out by any means.
I think that they, out of...
I actually think it's a very mature thing that they did.
Humoring them, looking at it, trying to see if maybe...
They were justified or not, you know what I mean?
But doesn't that strike you as weird that on one hand they're saying we're going to continue the boycott and on the other hand they're saying, but the game doesn't feel rushed, it does feel pretty complete.
Like, don't you get the sense that they're only continuing the boycott because they don't want to have that perception?
Like, imagine they come home and drop the boycott.
Like, what's that going to make them look like?
It's going to make it look like their silence was bought, right?
No.
Don't you wonder if that's coming into play, that they just don't want their integrity questioned?
See, if they came out and said, we played the game, and, you know, we'd like to retract our position, everything that we complained about, we were wrong.
I think that is bigger balls and shows more integrity.
But if they're, if they, have they provided a reason that they're still going to continue their boycott?
Do they say it still doesn't feel like a sequel?
You know...
To be fair, I'm reading this off of another news release, so I don't have their full statement on whatever it is they went and visited.
We need to wait to see if they say why they're continuing.
Let me see if I can find that.
Chatters, feel free to help out if you have a link to something that they said.
It's just a safe face on their part.
That's all it really is.
Because, like you said, if they came back and said, oh, the game's awesome, we should drop our boycott, then...
39,998 people go, you're fucking retarded.
Okay, here's another quote from them I found on another news source.
What we can say with confidence is that the quality of gameplay in Left 4 Dead 2 is not in question and it will only get better.
But they will continue the boycott until their, quote, individual concerns are addressed.
Which, you know, I don't... Big fat paycheck.
No, I don't think it has anything to do with that.
I think, again, it's that they've dug themselves in too deep in this boycott now.
I don't think Valve was under any obligation to do what they did.
I think that was actually kind of nice of Valve and sets kind of a sad precedence is that if you bitch enough about something, they'll fly you out to fix it.
It almost kind of makes me go, hmm, where do I want to travel?
Oh, I would like to kind of go to Boston.
Hey, Beatles' Rock Band blows, and it was released way too soon after Rock Band 2.
And you know they're going to release Rock Band 3.
You know what?
Rock Band 3 needs to be an expansion to Rock Band 2, a cheap upgrade.
Yeah, that's right.
I said it.
It sucks.
Come sign my petition.
Yeah, free trip to Boston.
Yeah.
I'm just worried about the precedent that sets.
But again, I'm not blaming Valve.
It was very cool of them.
Well, but this has been a very big thing.
They've got a big gathering.
Like, you may have people go... If you had like a hundred people or so, that would be big enough.
But they've got, you know, in the tens of thousands, you know, they've got a big following.
I almost kind of think that hits the nail on the head.
If these guys feel that strongly about it, you know, and I realize we've debated this topic to death on the show, and I really don't want to rehash the whole damn thing, but if you really feel that strongly about it, the best message you could send is don't buy it.
Honestly, at the end of the day, no petition you sign or anything like that is going to have the impact that your wallet has at the store.
So there it is.
And let's see.
GameGuru says Left 4 Dead 2 exists because what Valve wants to do requires a sequel.
SalaciousPop says Valve has already done a ton of stuff that is anthema to pretty much every other developer.
Anathema.
Anathema.
using big words in my chat.
How dare you?
I'm just kidding.
By the way, there was a somewhat related story going on.
I guess there's a campaign going on to fly the Valve boss, Gabe Newell, over to Australia to actually look at a Left 4 Dead campaign that was made called Shotgun Sunrise.
It's a custom campaign that they want to fly the guy out there to release this.
They raised $3,000 in donations and...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
People suck.
I don't know.
I think the Left 4 Dead community, some of them, I think they should be happy where they're being angry.
I think that's a waste of money.
What?
Well, I mean, I can understand if you feel passionately enough about something, especially if you put a whole lot of work into it, and you have enough other people that enjoy your work that they are willing to contribute to that, yeah, but in the end, it's a game, you know?
Why not save that $3,000 for, you know, people who need it, you know?
Aren't we in a global recession?
God damn, they raised that much money over this?
I'm just kind of surprised.
You know, that could go into an arcade cabinet.
Shush.
TheRobD in chat says, I would love, love for Valve to cancel Left 4 Dead 2 just to see how they would react.
I don't think that's going to happen, and I don't think you should let a few bad apples spoil the barrel, so to speak.
Again, I don't see how this is different from the sports games that come out every year.
and the DDRs and music games that get re-released every year that people buy.
You know, I don't see how this is that much different except it actually sounds like Valve is doing more than what a lot of these other games that come out every year do.
It actually sounds like there's more to it.
So, I don't know.
I think they should be happy.
I think some people just need to get over themselves.
Alright, let's move on.
More news.
Well, guess what came out for iPhone?
Commodore 64 emulator.
Isn't that great?
Awesome.
Where can I download it?
You can't.
Don't.
Because they have found problems that will be problems for Apple, actually.
Yeah, there were ways to access basic programming, like the language basic.
And so Apple's like, no, and stopped it.
Yeah, isn't there some type of clause that you can't release an application that it programs or something like that?
Like you can't have an application on the iPhone that can program the iPhone to do anything you want?
All they have to do is edit the emulator just to disinclude the basic...
What's funny is I think people are going to constantly find ways to get to BASIC.
Because obviously they figured out a way to abort the game somehow and get into BASIC.
So I would think they're going to keep doing this somehow.
But I guess if they patch this to keep Apple happy, then that's kind of cool.
Because I grew up on the Commodore 64.
That was my gaming system until our family had an NES.
That was my gaming system from ages like 5 to 10.
So I would love to relive some of those games for my youth, but...
Well, it's been resubmitted so we'll see if it hangs around.
That would be kind of cool.
I wonder, though, if the games that are being released on this emulator are legal.
Like, I know they say that they have kind of like this mix of games.
Like, is the guy getting permission from these companies, or does he have to?
Maybe copyright laws are up, because it's been about 25 years since most of these games were released.
What, like 84?
Yeah, about 25 years since most of these games came out.
Maybe copyright law comes into play if none of these companies got their... It's only a handful.
Dragon's Den, Le Mans, Jupiter Lander, Arctic Shipwreck, and Jack Attack Early JogCon
You held down the little fire button to drive and you turned the paddle back and forth to kind of move back and forth on the track.
It was a lot of fun.
You had to avoid other cars and so forth and you could race forever.
Even though that's the type of game I think would throw me for five minutes now, like hours I played this game as a kid.
But it was like I guess you could call it a first party or whatever.
It was actually put out by Commodore.
So I'm wondering if all these games don't have Commodore's sort of blessing or what's going on.
So...
Frisbee in chat says, Dear Apple, what about some open source on the iPhone?
I just don't think you're going to see that happen because what they're probably worried about is people getting into the phone aspect of it.
Using all these programming, hacking it so that the phones get open and suddenly you can make phone calls without having to pay for it and so on.
I just think they're really worried about how far you can hack these devices.
GS68 says, I want to see MSX games on the iPhone.
Damn it.
Oh, wait.
Americans don't care about MSX.
I'd like to see the original Metal Gear Solid 2.
The original Metal Gear, for one, before it was Nintendo-fied.
And the original Metal Gear 2.
And I wouldn't mind seeing Gartic.
But the problem is, who's going to translate those?
Fans!
You better learn how to speak Japanese.
Something like that.
Well, coming to the PSP is yet another firmware.
Of course, why not?
They have plenty of other firmwares.
Like all the other firmwares, it's been cracked already.
Not that that's really important.
But what this firmware does hint at, though, is some things that possibly will be coming out later on, including game rentals.
Apparently, as part of the changelog, they have ways that you can now group different folders.
It says games now can be grouped and displayed in folders based on their expire dates under game.
So that means that there's going to be some sort of trials or something that's going to expire after a certain amount of time.
And then of course, some other stuff, you know, they changed, you know, settings, network updates have been changed to system update, the number of colors that can be selected on our settings has been increased, and revisions to strengthen security, of course, with the internet browser.
The others, of course, before they already have support now for video rentals, so maybe now they're going to do it with games.
I think it has to be something big like that because what else justifies the 6.0?
I mean, it's not like 5.3 or 5.0.
This is a major release or they wouldn't call it 6.0.
It's a PSP Go because it's coming out in like two weeks.
Oh, that makes sense too.
Okay, fair enough.
Do you think though that game rentals is something?
I mean, it's nothing I ever thought of before, but then when I thought, oh my gosh, like companies get mad at the game rental industry because they don't see any of those profits.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I mean, you know how bad the PSP is doing.
I mean, it's hardly selling anything.
There's not a lot of good games out for it.
Most stores do not bring in PSP as a rental category.
Okay, but only a matter of time then before it's on PlayStation 3.
Although those games are ginormous, I don't know the feasibility of that, but...
We're years away from that being possible.
I mean, technology gets better, data moves faster.
We're five years away from a PS3 game being downloadable as fast as a Super Nintendo ROM is these days.
Yeah, but in five years it's going to be a PlayStation 4 and no one's going to give a crap about PlayStation 3 titles that are downloadable.
Just like PlayStation 1 titles that come out now.
Yeah, that's kind of cool that they're re-releasing them again, but really, is it such a big deal?
I mean, is it even something that you would go rent?
I mean, especially when the titles are like $10, what are they going to charge for rentals?
$2?
I mean, it's just not really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We could put out demos for free so that you can test our products and see if it's something that you want.
But no, we're going to be assholes about it.
We're going to allow you to buy a demo, basically, of this game, rent it for a little bit, and decide if you want it.
And that way, if you don't like it, hey, we still got some of your money.
But at the same time, what about we drop $60 on a game that we play for a week and then never play again?
I mean, imagine if we could spend only $10.
You know, $9.99 to rent the game for a week.
That would be...
Maybe something I'd rather do for a lot of games.
I would go rent them at your mom and pop rental store.
But they're always out!
Imagine if I can go onto this digital thing, click a button, it's downloading, I got it.
Well good, if that's an option for you, I mean, that's awesome.
But the thing is, I mean, it's always good to have more options, but I don't want them to forego demos for this rental stuff because they feel that they can make more money if you don't have a way to try out this game.
without paying money.
I just think, especially PSP games, I think you're going to see, and you're right, I may...
I don't think PSP games are really rented at stores, so I don't think you're going to see this dig into the real rental market right now, but it's about setting a precedent.
Especially with PSP Go being digital download only, and that they think this thing's going to be huge, although I don't think it is.
I think they're setting the stage for this whole rental thing that is first party, and we haven't seen anything like it before.
I think this is a pretty big deal on what's coming and I think probably it sounds like by the holidays this is going to be something that's launched oh man the PSP Go is going to be it's going to fail so bad don't get me wrong I like the PSP 3000 I just yeah well I hate going over the same territory but still I mean there's other stories I'm sure we have coming up um
It's like, what exactly are you doing different with the PSP Go other than charging me a lot more money and not having the ability to play UMD games?
I mean, there's really nothing that's going to be exclusive to that.
Maybe rentals are exclusive to the PSP Go?
No.
Question mark?
It won't be, because you know why?
Because if they do it exclusive to the PSP Go, then they lose out on all the PSP 3000 stuff.
Yeah, I don't know.
Deathwishing in chat says, I love renting PSP games.
Renting PSP games are awesome when you go on trips.
It makes sense.
I mean, if you're going to go on a long road trip, why not rent a game?
They do have PSP rentals and NDS rentals with the kiosks and airports and stuff like that.
You can do that.
There's a place in the airport here that has a rental thing and you drop it off in the box.
Oh good, I'm going to LA next week and I'm flying.
Maybe I'll have to utilize that.
Yeah, it's actually pretty cool.
You rent it where you're flying out of and you can drop it off.
They have one in every single airport, major airport, yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hello, there's still quite a few people that are very into their PC gaming, love it.
And Batman Arkham Asylum, of course, was released on the Games for Windows platform so that those folks could play it there as well.
But, of course, where there is PC gaming, there is piracy.
So I guess an early version of this game leaked out, and there was a user that actually posted on the official Eidos forums with a post that went something like this, that he had a glitch with his PC version of the game.
Quote,
I've got a problem.
When it's time to use Batman's glide in the game, when I hold the comma like it's said to to jump from one platform to another, Batman tries to open his wings again and again instead of gliding, so he falls down into poison gas.
If somebody could tell me what should I do here?
And it was actually replied to by an admin on the forums, Kier, responded to the thread and said...
Isn't that Entrapment?
um no because they're not really implicating them it's just so that they have an unplayable copy of it if they but here's the thing here's the funny thing about it one they've done this before with Grand Theft Auto um if you pirated Grand Theft Auto 4 on PC they had this thing basically it was drunk cam all the time it was shaking around making it really hard to play um
And then the other thing is this problem with Batman Arkham Asylum got patched within like a day.
It was only effective for about a day and then that was it.
And that's what Tigerclaw says in chat as well, is that the glitch was later fixed.
And yeah, I think we're all not surprised to hear that.
But how many people do you think think to find the fix?
Do you think that maybe this does still defeat a lot of pirates because they'll get the game, play it, go, this sucks, and delete it without ever thinking to look for a patch?
Yeah.
Um, no.
Maybe stupid people that, you know, are not really normally pirating games, but a lot of people will get frustrated with it, and then, like, a week later, they'll read on the forums that this was intentional, and then they'll redownload it again.
I mean, it's...
El no nombre hombre in our chatroom says, No, it's not entrapment because they're A, not law enforcement, and B, they aren't asking them to pirate.
Well, I meant that I thought that they had called the police on them, but no, they haven't.
No, it looks like they just banned this guy from their forums or what have you.
I mean, well, to be fair, couldn't they report it?
They could report it, but they sort of set him up.
I don't know, I'm kind of reminded of, and this is going to make me sound super gay But Madonna, when one of her albums was leaked to the internet It was actually something Madonna's record label released themselves And it would start the song and you would hear the first 15 seconds And then you would hear Madonna's voice come on and go, what the fuck are you doing?
So she basically put out all these bogus mp3s that started off like the real thing And then would just cut off and it would be her going, what the fuck are you doing?
I'm kind of reminded of that.
This is essentially the video game equivalent of that, except the game doesn't taunt you.
Well, it taunts you without directly taunting you, if that makes sense.
I don't know if entrapment would be the word I would use, though.
Yeah, that wasn't quite what I was thinking of.
I don't know what legal recourse they could seek with this because, yeah, but I certainly think it's a good way to out the people that aren't supporting them.
I mean, to go so far, it's pretty bold to download a pirated copy of the game and post on the forums about it.
That is kind of a stupid thing to do, in my opinion, is that if you're going to steal... But I don't think that they had any way of knowing that it was an intentional glitch.
Salacious Pop in chat says that it would defer anyone, even the idiot makes it worth it, in my opinion.
I kind of tend to agree with that statement because, you know, even if it took a day for that patch to come out that fixed it, that was still one day where you might have some of these pirates get fed up with waiting and go, I'm just going to buy it.
It looked cool enough from what I saw.
I'm just going to buy it.
And even if that drove sales, it did curb a low percentage of the piracy and had more of an impact than not doing anything at all.
True.
I guess.
TheRobD in chat says the best part would be if the game crashed before the final boss.
That would be the best middle finger to the pirates.
Remember Earthbound?
Yeah, but the problem with Earthbound is one thing, but I think the problem with what RobD is suggesting, as funny and clever as that is, I think that most people would say at that point, I played enough of the game, forget it.
I mean, I love the Earthbound thing.
We talked about it a couple weeks on the show.
It doubled the number of monsters and would crash your game, delete the save and everything.
But I think there's a lot of people that at that point would just go, Ah, fuck it.
I don't need to worry about this game anymore.
I'm going to move on and steal something else.
Also, after having seen the last boss and ending of the game, first of all, the last boss is actually kind of easy.
Uber Joker.
And the ending was less than a minute long.
Really?
For Arkham Asylum?
Well, it was short.
Spoiler free, please.
Less than five minutes is fair, although I don't remember it even being that long.
Wow.
Okay, fair enough.
Rob D in chat says, I think that if they played that long, they would be really frustrated with the inability to finish it.
Yeah, to some extent.
But I do think – I think Eidos did a funny thing here because I think people that are going to be bold enough to steal and then complain about their stolen game on the official forums, I think they deserve to kind of be made a mockery of.
You know what I mean?
So he kind of got us just desserts, and I think that's where a lot of us are doing the Nelson here going –
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
LucasArts is actually working on a new game.
Loom 2!
I wish.
I so wish.
But this is actually kind of cool because they said that they took their inspiration from games that are like Braid.
And of course Braid was pretty freaking cool.
Which, by the way, has gone down in price on Steam.
It's on sale.
Um...
It's called Lucidity, which is supposed to be an Xbox Live arcade game.
There's rumors of a PC version, but they didn't say anything about that.
It's a 2D side-scrolling platformer, but it has puzzle elements.
We play as a girl called Sophie, and she keeps moving.
You just have to move things out of her way.
Kind of Lemmings-ish, right?
That's kind of what it sounds like to me a little bit.
But I guess your goal is to get her from point A to point B. But is she stupid?
Like, you know, lemmings were stupid.
That was the whole point of the game.
They would just keep walking right off a cliff if they, you know, needed to.
They said that she's like in her abstract dream world.
So maybe she's just dreaming.
You know, kind of out of it.
But the art style is supposed to be the cut paper look of a pop-up book.
Oh, that's going to sound neat.
So it's going to look like an old school children's book.
Hmm.
Or Paper Mario.
She's dreaming stupid.
When was the last time we got a game from LucasArts that wasn't Star Wars related?
Lego Indiana Jones?
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't realize they were buying the Lego games.
It is LucasArts.
Indiana Jones.
Oh, gotcha.
Well, this sounds like it could be cool, but I'll wait to see if there's a demo.
And then before that, there was Fracture.
Alright, so there's just games I missed somehow.
There's too many video games.
You can't play them all.
I think that was them.
Yeah, Fracture.
Fracture sucked.
You can.
Underachiever.
I want to go back for a minute because I think this chat room comment bears repeating to Arkham Asylum.
TigerClaw wanted to clarify something on the ending of Arkham Asylum.
He says, Arkham Asylum continues on though.
After you beat the game, you can still click on continue story and you have free roaming of the entire game so you can go and find those Riddler trophies, the alignment puzzles, and interview tapes.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2
Yes, which will be coming out on pretty much everything.
Need for Speed Shift will be coming out this week as well on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PSP, and I believe the PC version as well.
Scribblenauts will be making its way out on DS this week.
Actually, I believe like a week from today, I think.
No, Tuesday, my mistake.
Um...
Actually, tomorrow, Mario & Luigi Bowser's Inside Story on the DS.
Some other crappy games on the DS.
My Boyfriend and Princess in Love on DS.
Woo-hoo.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Animal Planet, Vet Life.
I just want to say, though, I saw a commercial for Need for Speed Shift the other day on TV, and it looked pretty hot, because it was in high def.
It's like Project Gotham, yeah.
It looks kind of neat.
Yeah.
And speaking of piracy, Batman Arkham Asylum on PC.
So if you're complaining about it now, you don't have it yet.
Liars.
Bleach the Third Phantom on DS.
Chicken Blaster on DS and Wii.
Another movie tie-in game, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs on pretty much every system except for the PlayStation 2.
Heroes Over Europe on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
NHL 10 from EA on PS3 and Xbox 360 NHL 2K10 on PS2, PS3, Wii, and Xbox 360 People Hall of Fame The Williams Collection on PS3 and Xbox 360 Red Faction Guerrilla finally making its way out on PC as well as Resident Evil 5
Time of Shadows I didn't even know they were giving that a PC release.
Yeah.
Time of Shadows, also on PC.
This week, that really crappy game they played on Konami's booth at E3 this year, Tornado Outbreak, formerly known as Zephyr Rise of the Elementals on PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360.
You remember that as kind of the Tornado Katamari type of game.
Toy Story Mania, based off the ride and in 3D, coming to the Wii.
Madballs and Babbo Invasion
And then finally, on Xbox 360, the Q Entertainment Trilogy on Xbox 360 Cubed, which features Rez, Every Extend, Extra Extreme, and of course, Luminous Live.
And they left out 99 Nights.
Well, that's not Xbox Live.
I know, but still.
is there anything extra in this though?
you know what's funny besides some of their misfires like 99 Nights I really love Q Entertainment Tetsuya Mizuguchi is the man he's one of my favorites most of the games he puts out I love so I'm kind of curious if there's anything extra in the collection that would make it worth getting probably the download content is probably in there I'm not positive but it would make sense um
Oh, and how did I miss this?
Naruto Shippuden, Ninja Destiny 2.
Oh, who cares?
Who cares about Naruto?
Going over to Japan, September 17th, Fuel, the localized version for Japan, finally hits on September 17th.
Also, Left 4 Dead gets a price drop.
It moves into the Platinum Collection.
These are both on the Xbox 360.
Terminator Salvation from Squeenix is putting it out over in Japan, also on the Xbox 360, and a game called Velvet Assassin from Ubisoft makes its way to the Xbox 360.
PS3, Makai Senki Disgaea 3, Appendisk, Raspberry Hen Hajime Mashita
Tales of Vesperia makes its way out on the PlayStation 3 in Japan this week.
And then lastly, Terminator Salvation and Wet, both on the PlayStation 3 this week as well in Japan on the 17th.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii, checking out the games there.
Forever Blue 2, Beautiful Ocean comes out from Nintendo in Japan this week.
House of the Dead Overkill, that comes by itself, and a version with the Wii Zapper.
The Wii Zapper's not dead in Japan, apparently.
It's coming out with that little bundle out there.
or they're just trying to unload the remaining supply they had.
PlayStation 2 sees some price reductions this week.
Bully the Scholarship Edition and Biohazard Code Veronica which of course is Resident Evil Code Veronica in a bundle with Resident Evil 4 or Biohazard 4 as it is in Japan.
And lastly on the handhelds
Saga 2, Hyou Densetsu, Goddess of Destiny
So maybe there'll be some folks wanting to import that, although they'll have to try and read it.
And Idolmaster, Dearly Stars, DS, get it?
Idolmaster definitely has its fans in Japan.
That is coming out on the Nintendo DS this week.
Do you think that's a franchise we will ever see happen over here?
Probably not.
Why not?
Because it's too Japanese.
Exactly.
I hate to say it because I...
Yeah, sounds weird, but yeah.
Quite a few games to pick from on the PSP this week in Japan.
Ys VII comes out this week.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
5D's Tag Force.
Kata-Q, Hitman Reborn, Battle Arena 2, Spirit's Burst comes out this week, as well as a price reduction for Irregular Hunter X and Rockman Rockman value pack.
I'm assuming that is just the Mega Man games all packaged together.
And lastly...
and Ikiutsun Eloquent Fist gets a price reduction this week.
I'm trying to see what game that is.
I don't think that's one we have over here.
No.
No, one of the characters looks just like Sakura, though, but like an older version.
Look at that.
She's like wearing the same outfit and everything.
Well, it is a, you know, high school uniform.
I guess.
That's just what it makes me think of, though.
And it's Ys.
Chatroom.
Ys.
Ys.
Okay, there you go.
There's your release dates for Japan.
Dark Sakura, how about the U.K. ?
For the UK, we have on the 15th, as we discussed last week, Azuma's Revenge.
And then on the 18th, the whole crap ton of stuff.
We have Batman Arkham Asylum for PC.
Don't pirate it, or you'll get laughed at.
Blood Bowl, Katamari Forever for PS3, One Piece Unlimited Cruise 2 for Wii, Order of War, Raven Squad, Red Gorilla Faction, I'm sorry, Red Faction Gorilla, sorry.
I was reading Gorilla and thinking beer.
Resident Evil 5, Spectrobes Origins, The Humans for DS and PC, Wacky World of Sports for Wii, and WET.
Also, Yamaha Supercross for DS, and Need for Speed Shift on McCrap Tennis Systems.
Very cool.
So there's some new stuff finally making its way to home.
And this is kind of cool.
I fully endorse this.
Robot Chicken is coming to the PlayStation Home Theater.
I did that off camera, sorry.
DarkSakura's making sound effects in the studio.
I'm singing the Robot Chicken theme.
It was actually really funny.
It's a bummer you couldn't hear her.
I'm stealing a cookie.
So now they will actually have a bunch of different clips available on their theater screen that once played Twilight's... I remember when they were playing the Twilight trailer on there.
Well, thank God they got rid of that.
Yes.
So you'll be able to watch Robot Chicken for free, even though you can pretty much on your TV as well.
But neat, I guess.
Something else to watch while you're doing The Running Man.
Well, I think it's nice they're putting more useful things in home.
Does that make sense?
You know, trailers are one thing, but it's kind of nice that they're actually giving those theaters something a little more...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think it's just a matter of time before you start seeing like the first episode of TV shows that they're trying to get you hooked into.
Like, you know, the Glee pilot or what other pilots they've been trying to sell this year.
There are other science fiction, Caprica's pilot.
You know, some of these shows that are coming out in 2010, you know, trying to kind of push those in Sony home.
I bet, you know, especially for the next fall season, you start seeing more of that.
Yeah, we'll see.
But that's kind of cool.
I think that's a good use of a PlayStation Home.
By the way, there's some free stuff on Home this weekend, too, if you haven't logged in.
And search for the OLR Club.
I don't actually have to invite you.
If you want to join the Orange Lounge Radio, just search for it in Clubhouses.
Either search for Orange Lounge Radio or OLRMY is like the keyword for it.
So search for either of those and you'll find the Clubhouse and I'll invite you in.
One more story before we get to the classic game of the week and it has to do with Penny Arcade Expo and some unfortunate kind of side effect of so many folks being all contained in one place.
PAX organizers did report this week that a confirmed swine flu case did break out at the show and unfortunately this has grown into about 100 cases of swine flu.
Of course H1N1 is the real name for it but everybody calls it swine flu coming out of Penny Arcade Expo so
Kind of scary that you get all those people together and these types of things break out.
Now, it's not just the swine flu, but of course the regular flu is showing up as well, as is various types of con things.
Now, this came up, and we talked about this for a little bit on our phone call with Bobby Blackwolf that we do on his show right before we go on the air tonight.
So we talked a little bit about this, and a couple bottom lines that come out of this is that A, this is just an unfortunate circumstance of cons.
And Jamie, you said something very smart about the fatigue that goes on at cons and why this happens a lot.
Well, and keep in mind, I was a long-time con-goer ever since I moved out here.
And before I moved out here, you know, my first convention, I slept like three hours.
It was a three-day convention.
So, yeah.
A lot of people will do that.
It's a big thing.
Like, for people who don't, you know, buy their hotel room and sleep in the lobby, people do that.
Sorry.
You are typically saving the typical con-goer.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I even ran away and got Moroccan food once at AX one year.
But people don't really think in terms of their health and the precautions they should be taking.
At least have a couple of good decent meals with vegetables.
Bring your vitamins with you.
Take a good supplement in the morning.
All of that contributes to your level of fatigue.
And sleep.
Please sleep.
The con is a few days, but you've got to live with your health for the rest of your life.
Now, I know that some people have kind of been wondering what my piece is going to be on this, because if you were listening to the show a couple months ago, you know I have been very personally affected by swine flu.
I lost a good friend of mine who is only 24 years old.
She passed away of H1N1 a couple months ago on June 23rd, right before my birthday.
I realize that what happened to her is not going to happen to everybody, okay?
So I don't think there needs to be paranoia out there about the swine flu.
But it pisses me off when people don't take this shit seriously.
And I don't think that people have to like, you know, oh my god, mass hysteria.
Like, no, nobody wants that.
But at the same time, don't belittle...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
and I don't want people because I actually know people like on Twitter that apparently caught this at PAX and I don't want people to freak out like, oh my gosh, am I going to die?
Probably not.
It's, you know, what happened with Beth was certainly an isolated circumstance.
There's still many questions.
We're never going to get answers to as to what happened there.
My point is, though,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
If you suspect, whether you have PPO, HMO, whatever, it will pay for urgent care if you have symptoms.
So you don't have to go to the ER because you have a high fever.
You can go to an urgent care center.
You can make an appointment with your doctor.
Just go get checked out.
Get told it's nothing.
Get told it's the common cold.
It's better you do that than the alternative.
And if you don't have coverage, still a lot of those urgent care places will treat you for – the last one I ever went to was $75, I think.
If you're uninsured... They're there for that reason.
Yeah, go to an urgent care center, not the ER for this.
But get checked out for heaven's sake.
Don't sit on it and don't wait on it.
And the other side I want to do with this is that when you go to cons and when you go...
To these places, please be hygienic.
I know a lot of people make jokes about this stuff, the whole con funk and all that stuff, but that is a very real thing that can continue to spread disease.
And I want to reiterate one thing that Beth's mom, Lynn, said to the media when she was interviewed because Beth was the first person to die in this county from H1N1.
And the one thing that her mom said to me, and I will never forget this for the rest of my life, is her on the news saying this, and I want you all to remember this.
Wash your hands.
Wash your hands.
Wash your hands.
I am not fucking around.
When you go to these conventions and you're touching these controllers that hundreds of people have touched before and so forth, wash your hands.
Please help stop the spread of disease.
And wash your body while you're at it.
I remember, I don't actually know if you remember this Rob, the last time that we went to E3 together.
What did I have on me all the time?
Probably hand sanitizer.
Hand sanitizer.
I also had antibacterial lotion on hand.
I had band-aids.
Now this is something else I learned being a massage therapist.
DarkSakura.com
Active, live.
Even if you think you've wiped up all the blood, it'll still live on the surface of anything.
It's touched unless you wipe it off really good.
That's why they always say if you're going to be around someone who's bleeding, you put on latex gloves and then you take care of them.
Put on your own mask before.
Speaking of latex, if you're going to have con sex, use a condom.
Use a full body condom if you're having con sex.
um but I'm saying you know you may not think about this and the average person doesn't but there are so many different ways to get sick and I'm not saying be paranoid but if but really take precaution if you're going to be around that many people and at least always keep hand sanitizer around you and if at least be considerate to other people if you've got like a paper cut or a cut on your arm or something put a good watertight bandage on it so that you don't you know if you've
I've got, for example, and no, I've never had it, but I have antibodies for hepatitis because I inherited it from somebody.
But that still puts me at danger for exposing other people.
So that's why I'm always extra careful.
I always bandage up my cuts and things.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
take a precaution that you don't share it and honestly, it's not worth it stay home, there'll be another convention
I'm hoping you're sitting there on your chair going, okay, get on with it, OLR, I know this crap, but please understand if one person's kind of sitting there going, oh yeah, maybe I should take extra soap to the next con I go to, then this whole little rant was worth it.
Because I see a comment in chat, Frisbee says, OLR-common sense.
I really hope to everybody it is common sense, but if you've ever made the con funk joke, then you know it's not common sense to everybody.
So just please, from your friends at OLR, wash your damn hands.
and again I do see I see the confunk around two particular groups the really young and the I have no life I've never you know been on a date you know 50 year old con fanboy that's probably why they never had a date
SJ100 Matt also wants to put out, and don't pee on the seat when you use the toilet.
Yeah, don't do that.
Nope.
I will say something to this.
Do not be afraid of urine on a seat.
It is sterile.
Just wipe it off.
But, I'm telling you, if you see poop on the seat, that's different.
No.
Okay, this is too much.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Rob, it actually is true.
Urine is sterile.
You have more germs on your hands and mouth than you do on your butt.
Nope.
Too much.
Done.
Just wash your hands, okay?
That was the point I wanted to make.
True, though.
I know, I know.
Somehow we always end up with the show in the toilet, even literally.
Hey, every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, we urge you kids to go visit the archives and check out a classic video game of years past.
And tonight is no different.
DarkSakura is going to go into the vault and pick out a game she thinks you all should be playing.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
It's Pissarama.
No, I'm kidding.
I hate you.
Heart, heart, heart, heart, heart.
Okay, no, Space Harrier.
About damn time I did Space Harrier.
I actually just got an IM from Becky saying that she thinks it's funny whenever I go off about pee being sterile.
Will you get to the game?
No, go back, go back, because people have to hear that part.
Alright.
We're looking at an arcade version of the game here.
Yeah.
It has my catchphrase on it.
Here we go.
Now everyone knows where that comes from.
That has been, like, what, my catchphrase as long as you've known me?
It's been your little quote on forums, like, ever since I've known you.
Why that quote of the thousands of quotes out there?
Why this quote do you love so much?
Because it's just cool.
Welcome to the fantasy zone.
Get ready.
All right.
It's like, it really makes no sense.
Space Harrier is my third favorite video game ever, which is me, which means I have now covered...
All three of my top three favorite video games.
The first being The Guardian Legend, the second being Fantasy Zone, and the third being Space Harrier.
Space Harrier is set in the same universe as Fantasy Zone.
So, moving forward, it is a game that was produced by Yu Suzuki, who did a lot of Sega's really good games.
And sitting right next to me is a picture of my husband shaking hands with Yu Suzuki.
That was pretty cool.
So, Space Harrier is a...
It's sort of a fake 3D type of game.
It is a sprite-based game, and it scrolls towards you from an over-the-shoulder... Well, not kind of like a real over-the-shoulder cam, but it's from behind you.
And it has 18 levels, each with a boss, and you have to shoot everything that gets in your way before it shoots you.
And...
You can run on the ground or you can fly in the air with a jetpack.
And everything really does come at you very quickly.
It's brightly covered levels.
Even for as old as it is, because it came out in 1985, it is a fantastic game.
And it's one of the early games to use digitized voices in it.
And after you beat a boss, it tells you that you're doing great.
It constantly encourages you.
I mean, how many games do that?
Anyway.
By the way, I just want to point out, and I'm sorry, DarkSakura, if you were going to get to this, but since I was a Nintendo kid and not a Sega kid growing up, there was a game on Nintendo called 3D World Runner that was a direct ripoff of this game.
I was going to get to it.
Sorry.
Actually, that game was put out by Square, by the way.
and there was also Pony Canyon did a parody called Animal Attack Academy that had a Japanese schoolgirl fighting Australian animals.
But yeah, the game is also... That along with Afterburner was one of the first cabinets that had you in a seat and the whole cabinet would move along with your joystick movement.
There also is one that doesn't move that sits down and an upright version.
So it was really, really cool to play.
I haven't played a Space Harrier with the full motion sit-down cabinet in ages.
Um, it also, it used the same music for the most part over and over again, but I really love the music.
Um, I put up a link also to just the music.
I will bring that up so you can hear just the music without all the explosion noise.
Let's listen to a little bit of that.
Not bad for a game from 85.
Yeah.
It really is one of my favorites.
Now, as far as other releases, we got a... There was a home computer version.
There was also the 32X version.
And one thing I will say is that the 32X version is a direct rip from the arcade.
um in fact you actually have a little trick that you can do with it where it changes from press start to insert coin so that in space uh not space area um well space area of course but uh after burner we're both direct to arcade courts
There was a Sega Saturn version.
There was a Sharp X86000.
It only came out in Japan.
All of those are supposed to be the most arcade faithful.
Dreamcast, Shenmue, Shenmue 2, Yu Suzuki Gameworks Vol.
1, Xbox, Sega Arcade Gallery for Game Boy Advance, and Sega Classics Collection for the PS2.
Space Harrier 2 was the Genesis version, which actually also just came out on Virtual Console December 2 years ago.
I had to say it just came out.
In Europe it came out in October 2008.
Um...
and over here on November 13,008 for the Master System thing.
Also, the arcade version is unlockable in the Sonic Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PS3.
And apparently it has sound issues by everything being just off-pitch.
That means I couldn't play.
Actually, I know that firsthand because I tried to play Space Harrier and the music sounded wrong to me.
But I also have this thing where I hear anything off-pitch really strongly.
Perfect pitch for listening.
I can't do it.
Um...
There's also the Space Hero Complete Edition.
But you know what?
They've done the series an injustice because they didn't release the sequel at home.
The sequel being Planet Harriers.
Have you played Planet Harriers?
I've heard of it.
I've heard you talk about it before.
Actually, you know what?
I think that you've seen me play it because they had it at Great America.
I probably have just seen it and don't really remember it.
Well, I don't know if they still have it at Great America, but that one was pretty much a fantastic follow-up to a great series.
I think this game, and again, sorry if I'm covering something you're about to get to, but I'm pretty sure this game's in that Sonic Genesis Collection that just came out.
That's what I just said.
Oh, sorry.
I said it was Sonic Ultimate Genesis Collection, but it suffered from... Oh, I was zoning reading the Twitter, so okay, yeah.
It's there.
Yeah, the reason why I couldn't play it is because it had pitch problems.
All the voice and sound was just off.
Gotcha.
Enough to drive me nuts.
I have the same problem with music on the radio too if they play it too fast.
I hear the pitch.
But anyway, I digress.
But yeah, go out and play Space Harrier.
It's a lot of fun.
It's one of the few games of that perspective that doesn't make me utterly motion sick either unless I'm playing it in the cabinet.
The motion cabinet.
Then I will get very sick and throw up all over you.
Which is not sterile.
Lovely.
So that's your game.
All right, there it is.
Your classic game of the week is Space Harrier.
And I think DarkSakura prefers the arcade version.
But there are some other places.
Actually, if I'm going to play it at home, I'm going to play it on the 32X.
Just so I have a reason to play a good game on the giant mushroom of death.
All right, then there you go.
Space Harrier on the 32X is your classic game of the week.
Something non-Sega next week, DarkSakura.
I tried to pick something non-Sega, and then it occurred to me that I have done dozens of other games that are among my favorites and have not done Space Harrier.
All right, fair enough.
But next week.
Next week.
I got them on a month streak of Sega, so next week we'll have to do something non-Sega.
Next week, something non-Sega.
All right.
Maybe I'll do something on the Atari 2600.
That would be cool, actually.
I would love to see some Atari 2600 games.
Because I'm actually just looking at a game on the Atari 2600 we have sitting around.
All right.
Anyhow, we'll get into that next week.
For now, we're going to take a break.
We will be back, though, in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio on Part B tonight, Twitter topics.
We're also going to talk a little bit about Final Fantasy XIII, some more Sony news, including news about the minis and some PlayStation 3 bundles.
And we're going to talk about a possible Wii price cut.
We'll get to all that and rapid-fire news after this.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks for watching!
And welcome back, everybody, to this Orange Lounge Radio.
The Zero Punctuation Reviews
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that we have so many similarities yet differences but anyway I wasn't meaning to plug them as much although they are a good show I want to plug the Escapist show that's brand new that's coming to all games as well just you know what I say just go to all games on Tuesday just leave it running throughout the day and you're going to hear a lot of great radio that's just what you need to do and then don't forget on Sunday nights come back and listen to Bobby Blackwolf and ourselves here at Orange Lounge Radio alright
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oops, it's down here a little bit.
He wrote like five tweets.
Good lord.
How about either home, upcoming 1.3 update, and OLR Club, as well as sale on the PSN Video Store?
I don't know what they put for sale on the PSN video store it's funny enough because I was actually looking at what kind of offerings were in the video store this week because since my Xbox 360 is broken I can't do Netflix right now it's kind of too bad though because a lot of stuff that is available on the PSN store and not to say the 360 is any different but it's a lot of movies I'm just not interested in it's all like slasher flicks and action packed which I understand who their target audience is but
Forgive me if I like a good chick flick or arthouse film every once in a while.
I don't really find those on either network, to be honest.
But then also the OLR Club.
I did plug that at the top of the show, but if you haven't joined the Orange Lounge Radio Club in Sony PlayStation Home, we do have one.
So check that out.
Search for Orange Lounge Radio.
R-M-Y is our little buzzword.
And we have some arcade cabinets that I got from the Namco Collection demo that we put there.
So you can play like Dig Dug and stuff in our home.
And I'm trying to get other furniture as I find it.
But I don't really want to pay for a lot of furniture.
But I guess there's some free stuff this weekend.
So if you go into the stores, you can find some new shirts and things like that.
DarkSakura.com
Yes, of course, rock bands got new stuff coming out each week.
And this week, we've got some new songs, including Tenacious D. Yes, that's right.
Tenacious D will be getting a couple individual tracks with Rock Your Socks and Tribute, both available for $2 each or 160 Microsoft points.
I'm totally getting Tribute.
Also part of the individual songs, The Guess Who with Hand Me Down World and No Time.
And then finally, Dinosaur Jr.
with Pick Me Up and The Wagon.
All those available as individual song downloads of $2 each or 160 Microsoft points.
Anvil Pack $5.50
Included with that is 666, Metal on Metal, and this is $13.
And those are also going to be purchased individually for 160 Microsoft Points or $2 each.
And then finally, coming to the PSP, we've got Evanescence with Bring Me to Life and Spinal Tap with Back from the Dead.
Um...
Forza 3 Going Gold
The Audi R8 5.2, the Ferrari California, Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution X, and the Mini John Cooper Works.
Interesting.
And finally, a game I'm quite excited about, DJ Hero will be getting its healthy dose of Daft Punk.
And they will be contributing 11 unique mixes for the game, as well as being playable characters in the game as well.
Included with that would be Daft Punk, Rattle the World vs. Young MC, Bust a Move.
DaFunk vs. NASA's Strange Enough featuring Karen, ODB, and Fatlip.
Daft Punk, DaFunks, with Queen, another one bites dust.
Robot Rock, with Hashim Al Naifish, I guess it's translated to the soul.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that horribly butchers pronunciations on this show.
Robot Rock vs. Queen, We Will Rock You.
I guess that's kind of appropriate.
Short Circuit vs. the Boogie Down Productions Jack of Spades.
Technologic vs. Gary Newman's Cars.
I think there's too many tracks mixed with cars.
That's just my guess.
And then Television Rules the Nation vs. No Doubt, Hella Good.
And I'm very disappointed to see that there's not anything for like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
On WiiWare though...
ColorZ, Contra Rebirth Hit for 1,000 Wii Points
Super Nintendo-ish looking newer version of Contra, which funny enough, our caller last week nailed it.
Said that they thought Contra was going to be out on Labor Day and they were correct.
So good job on that.
Hey, Capcom versus Tatsunoko has some new apparently leaked characters.
Joe Asukara Joe Asukara Joe Asukara
She should have been in it to begin with, yes.
He's always the one that wants to push the button.
Now see, I don't know dick about anime, so I guess Jamie's excitement has me excited too.
Woo!
I guess that's good news, right?
The Pac-Man world record was broken.
Apparently the kill screen was reached in 3 hours, 42 minutes, and 4 seconds.
I'm sorry, that was the old record from Chris Ira.
Now it has been beat by David Race, I think is his name.
3 hours, 41 minutes, and 22 seconds is the new time.
Wow.
Billy Mitchell once held that spot, but no longer has it.
Billy Mitchell's a dick.
I don't know.
It's a movie.
I'm not gonna... He really is.
I don't know.
I don't know the guy.
I'm not gonna bother.
Alright, let's finish off the rapid fire news, DarkSakura.
Well, let's see what else that we've got going on.
There's actually an ESRB rating for Castlevania The Adventure on Wii.
Which really wasn't that good of a game.
It was, you know, the Game Boy when they came out.
Also, and I mentioned this earlier, Braid is cheaper now on Steam.
It's $5 now, or $3.39.
And it's a pretty cool game.
And also, Final Fantasy VII on Wii has more download content.
Chapter 9, The Crystals, which is the final part of the story.
That's 800 Wii points.
I need to finish up that game.
Yep, I thought you'd be interested in that one.
Yeah, I kind of stopped playing, but it was a really good Wii download game.
A little other news in WiiWare is that for 800 Wii points, Spaceball Revolution, not to be confused with Spaceballs, then 2-in-1 Solitaire, which is Spider and Klondike, and then Solomon's Key and Rygar for 500 and 600 Wii points, respectively.
Alright, let's get back into some long discussion topics tonight, Loki.
Yes, the music game sales are down, but even though they are down 46%, it is still the third best-selling genre among video games.
And of course, this is coming from the NPD group that, you know, they do all the sales tracking and whatnot, and...
I guess year-to-date sales have declined quite a bit, but when you look at it, I mean, they're pretty much calculating stuff from, you know, up until, you know, up to Guitar Hero 5 and the Beatles Rock Band.
I mean, I think a lot of people were anticipating those two games.
I was going to say, isn't this, these, because I've seen this story spread like wildfire through blogs this week, and I'm like, this is completely misleading, in a way, because the big music games for the year haven't even come out yet, or just came out.
Well, yeah, I mean, they're a little bit, I mean...
You obviously can't have that data right away.
They usually release the previous month's data halfway through the next month.
I think that it's even selling half of what it used to is pretty damn impressive.
When you consider a year ago we had Guitar Hero World Tour, Rock Band 2.
Those are both huge titles.
The DS games were just coming out too.
Exactly.
Those are all huge stuff.
I'm not surprised.
I mean, since I don't really think that Smash Hits and Metallica sold... I mean, they sold alright, but not like, you know, a Guitar Hero 5 or a World 4 or something.
They're just not gonna sell the way a Guitar Hero 4 or a Rock Band 2 does.
Exactly, and the trackpacks, I mean, that doesn't really count, so...
It's a little misleading.
It'd be more interesting to see what happens after the holiday.
At the end of the year.
I would like to see an end of the year wrap up as compared to last year.
You think it'll be kind of in the same?
I think you'll still see a little decline.
I don't think the Beatles rock band is going to sell quite the way Rock Band 2 did.
Don't get me wrong.
I think it'll still sell pretty big.
And I think Guitar Hero 5 will probably be on par with Guitar Hero World Tour, which, if I'm not mistaken, didn't Guitar Hero beat Rock Band last year in terms of sales?
Yes.
Guitar Hero still sells better because they have more releases.
I would say they have better peripherals too.
I wouldn't call their drum set better than the Rock Band.
you can't compare the two because one has way more releases than the other because they refuse to embrace download content on a regular basis I mean they do have download content on a regular basis but nowhere near what Rock Band has
Final Fantasy XIII
But, I will say this, don't forget the PlayStation 3 is region free.
This game is not coming out on the Xbox 360 in Japan.
That was not something they said as part of the announcement.
So it is only PS3 in Japan.
And I bet you, you're going to have a lot of folks that import this.
Although, it's going to be very Japanese heavy still.
That's the problem.
I don't think I will though.
I mean, I've done that in the past.
I've played Final Fantasy games in Japanese and never had a problem.
Well, look, I don't know Japanese like you guys do.
I wouldn't get nothing from this.
I print out a nice little fan translation of everything and that works.
That's how I played through Final Fantasy VIII when I originally imported that.
It would be cool if they had English subtitles, but they won't.
They don't want to dip into the U.S.
sales.
Naturally, it's not going to be there.
However, though, that doesn't happen until the international versions that they have English subtitles.
My copy of Final Fantasy X-2, my Japanese one, I have the international version.
It has subtitles.
No, but I haven't heard of any type of extras that we're going to get in Final Fantasy XIII here in the U.S.
with the exception of the fact that we have a 360 version.
So do you think there will even be an international version this time?
Maybe.
Or maybe, I guess they could always do like a remixed version.
Like, you know how like Final Fantasy X, I don't think there were a whole lot of differences there either, but like the international version had the different, what was the name of the board where you leveled?
You know, you filled in the spots on the board, that was how you leveled your characters, remember that?
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft points out in our chatroom at chat.orangelandre.com the international version would probably be on the 360 I don't think it will in Japan I see where your logic is going and that's a logical thought but again you have to remember the 360 has not penetrated the Japanese marketplace the way it has here
Sony is still on top.
Well, Nintendo is still on top in Japan, if I'm not mistaking.
But Sony has a clear second place.
And I think Microsoft's gained some ground.
They're not a laughing stock in Japan at this point.
But they're even further back than where Sony is here.
I mean, at least Sony has been gaining a lot of ground here in this generation.
But I think in Japan, it's a whole different story.
Yeah.
And GameGuru says the 360 version is your extra.
Keep in mind, 360s aren't region-free, so if you live in Japan and for whatever reason have a 360, you're out of luck unless you can figure out a way to mod or whatever.
Also, I wanted to kind of point out one thing this had me thinking about was Final Fantasy XIV.
When do you think we're going to start seeing more of Final Fantasy XIV?
Do you think it's going to come out?
Well, I don't know if the game itself will come out next year, but do you think we're going to see a lot more information start to spill out really quick?
Like, it seems to me like we're going to have our shortest window between Final Fantasy games with this and XIV.
Being that we already know there's a playable alpha out there.
I mean, that's that they demoed at a show.
I'm wondering if XIV's not going to show up at Tokyo Game Show as well.
It might.
I mean, they may have a little bit there, but I don't, you know.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and a retail sourced to a quote Eurogamer that said that there was supposed to be three different bundles with different games as in Uncharted 2 Among Thieves, Gran Turismo 5 and Assassin's Creed 2 and they were supposed to sell for £299 which over here would be £494.
And there's of course no statement made to the rumour.
I don't know.
Are all these different bundles necessary?
I guess so.
I guess bundles help drive sales.
There's a ton of different PSP bundles here in the States.
There's the Hannah Montana OMG Girls one and the Rock Band one.
No, I think that's seriously what it's called.
Like OMG Girls Play 2 or something like that.
Kind of their way of getting girls to get Sony PSPs because right now they all have DSs.
um that's funny I don't know if we'll probably see something over here too as far as US bundles I'm guessing because in time for the holidays certainly definitely um
So to kind of go back to something we were talking a little bit about, or complaining about I guess in Part A, was the PSP Go.
And one of the things that they were kind of showing off during E3, well actually not so much E3, but during Gamescom was the PSP Minis.
And
They said that there is a possibility, though, we will see collections of these minis available on a single UMD at a later stage, later on.
So where maybe a publisher or whatever can put out a bunch of these little games.
I guess like you see right now on the Xbox 360 every now and then you'll see an Xbox Live
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But at the same time, and to kind of go back to what we were saying before, what exactly does PSP Go have going for other than it's more expensive and slightly smaller?
I mean, nothing.
It's new.
Oh, goody.
So, you know, if Nintendo came out with the Wii Gold or something like that, it's a gold-colored Wii, but it's $500.
Does that mean I have to go buy it?
I mean, that's stupid, but...
Oh well, I mean, to me, seeing that they're going to re-release these on UMD later on makes me feel that they're not really confident in the PSP Go.
And that they will need to supplement their sales by other means.
I thought it was interesting that they were talking about putting these on the PS3 as well.
I mean, it makes sense.
But then again, you know, we kind of talk about this, oh, you know, they're going to do all this with the minis, but we don't really know what they're going to be yet.
We haven't seen what the minis are, right?
Like, I know that little picture you have there looks like a little bejeweled thing.
Well, they have, like, Tetris and stuff.
Do they already have some minis out there?
Tetris is supposed to be one of the minis.
I heard, by the way, that there was somebody was, I was trying to get them to tweet us about it because I didn't have a story on it, but I heard about it, that there's like a new Tetris in development right now.
Not the Nintendo one, but like a new Tetris.
There's one for the DS, I think.
Maybe the Wii.
No, there's a different one even outside of that, but yeah.
Is it now going to have like more blocks?
Tetris, now with more blocks.
Tetromino is made out of five cubes instead.
No, I imagine it's probably more competitive in internet things.
I'm sure there's some people out there that are like, how many times can you do Tetris?
A million.
Realistically, yes, you can.
Look at Tetris DS.
That was an awesome version of Tetris.
You know, one series they've managed to re-release several times and actually do a pretty good job with every time is Tetris.
Like, if you look at the original PC game, then you look at the NES Tetris, even Tenjin Tetris versus Nintendo Tetris, and then Game Boy Tetris with its whole link play was revolutionary.
And then Nintendo DS is awesome.
I mean, Tetris is kind of...
actually one game that they've done right many, many times.
Not to say it's been perfect, because there was a Tetris on the PlayStation by Jellico, I think it was, Tetris Plus, that was awful.
It was an awful, awful game.
So it's just kind of interesting.
Agreed.
It's kind of interesting that you can take a game that's essentially the same and do it so many different ways.
And sometimes it's very, very good, like Tetris DS, and sometimes it's very, very sad, like Tetris PlayStation.
So, anyhow.
Let me move on.
I didn't mean to get into a different topic, but I did.
I want to talk about Silent Hill Homecoming, which was the fifth game in the series, even though it didn't carry the number five on it, and was somewhat razzed here in the States because it was by an American developer and so forth.
Well, the game was set to make its way to Japan, but guess what?
The website was updated this week.
The Japanese Silent Hill Homecoming website was updated to say...
The game has been cancelled.
Silent Hill Homecoming will not be out in Japan.
No reason was given for the decision.
It just said on the website, simply, quote, Please look forward to future titles in the series.
Kind of interesting that this game was developed in the West, took some shit for that, and now the Japanese aren't even going to release it at all.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Given the reviews that it got here, though, that's really not very surprising.
The biggest complaint about it was that it didn't have the same kind of scare factor that appealed to Japanese players.
It wasn't the same type of scary game.
I don't think the game was terrible.
It was different.
I also like Silent Hill 4.
I didn't say it was bad, but I'm saying that it wasn't what was up to snuff for that series.
It's just interesting.
I wonder if that's because of sales figures here.
I wonder if that game just didn't sell well here.
I don't know, Loki, from your inside perspective, I don't know if you would know this.
It didn't sell that well here.
It sold well in the beginning, but that's it.
It's not something that's constantly being reordered or anything.
That's too bad.
Alright, let's get into tonight's mailbag, a part of the show where you can interact with us by sending us emails to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com DarkSakura is going to dive in headfirst into the mailbag and find some emails to read for us.
I am.
You are.
You is.
I is.
Okay.
Greetings, Rob, Loki, DarkSakura.
Here's the dilemma.
I'm a hardcore PC gamer and want a PS3, but can't justify buying one because any of the games I like for it I can buy for the PC and play with better graphics cheaper and less hassle.
But I like the idea of having one if only for Gran Turismo and Blu-ray.
To get a system, I would have to buy an HDTV, which is expensive, and I don't know whether I should wait for the 3D TVs.
so many questions in a little time are there any good PS3 exclusives that would justify me buying this system and should I wait for 3D TVs also, how do I vote for your show without going through iTunes, I hate Apple the turtle wait, just wait and you can get a Blu-ray player for your PC so wait, they're getting cheaper
The one thing that I kind of have to say on this though is that, you know, one thing to consider and has always kind of been a drawback of PC gaming is that you have to constantly upgrade your PC.
And I realize there's PC gaming fans that are going to hate me for kind of calling that out a little bit because there's a lot of people that do spend the kind of money to keep on tip-top shape.
But the nice thing about console games is that...
The metrics are already established on console games.
And that, you know, the game is always going to play the way it was meant to be played on a certain console.
Whereas on the PC, sometimes you have to deal with frame rate issues and so forth if your PC is not up to par.
But it sounds like you are an established PC gamer and you have a lot of games on PC.
You probably have a top of the line computer.
You may have hit the nail on the head.
If every game you want to play is coming out on PC...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The only other thing I do want to say though, Sony exclusives, keep that in mind.
There are certain games that will not come out on the PC, period.
Games like LittleBigPlanet, which are pretty awesome, I gotta say.
MAG, the Mod Nation Racers.
These games are not going to ever come out on PC because they're made by Sony and they want you to have a PlayStation to play it on.
so if those games are worth it to you then you're going to have to take the plunge but if the types of games you're getting are Batman Arkham Asylum Call of Duty and the games that do come out on PC then you might be right you don't need a Playstation 3 so don't spend money on one um
I personally just love the controls and sitting on my couch and all that, you know, but that's, I realize it's not for everybody.
That's, that's why we have choices.
As far as the other part of your question about iTunes and you want to leave a review that is not on an Apple place, that's fine.
We always ask, look, just tell a friend about the show.
You don't even have to leave a review.
I think there are other places that take them.
I don't know of any other big, big site.
Like I know of one called Podcast Alley that has some reviews like podcastalley.com.
You can always use that or dig.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm going to ban you so that you can never download this show and listen to it again.
It's not that I can't take criticism of the show, but this person is probably jacking off right now to listening to me talk about them on the air.
This is why you would write a negative review of a show over and over again that says nothing constructive about the show.
So if this is you, I want you to know you're banned from this program.
We do this for free out of our spare time because we like to do it.
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
when we need to be critical and especially tonight we've barely had any Microsoft news and maybe a little bit of Sony news so it's kind of unfortunate because that person clearly based their review off one episode of the show I'm not mad at that person I just wish they would have tried a little more before writing that but I'm not going to say oh I'm going to ban you because you don't like the show that's ridiculous but if you're trolling that's the difference that other guy needs to go get fucked
and I wish... More people need to report that to Apple too.
That's what I did.
So hopefully... I hate that you can't review reviewers.
You kind of can.
You can put, was this review helpful?
And I just click no all the time.
But the problem is when he rewrites a new review complaining about something in the show this week that didn't even happen, then...
It just gets rewritten.
So, there you go.
And I'm looking at chat.org.com.
Actdeft says, SkyRant and FU is incoming.
No, not yet.
Not yet.
Ssh100Matt says, The Troll is a former All Games listener that one-stars every show, including Bobby's.
That guy needs to go get fucked.
And like I said, he's probably jacking off right now because I'm talking about him on the air and he got the attention he looked for, so I'm going to stop talking about him and just hope that a meteor falls on his head.
Next email, please.
Okay.
Next email.
Okay, I guess this was sent out to multiple people, but I'm going to use the part that's addressed to us.
I know what you're thinking.
DS Lover, the person who despises 360, wants one.
I can't read this.
Why is the grammar... Okay, almost no...
I'll go read it if you need somebody.
I have bad grammar.
I can understand it.
No, Rob, it's not just that.
They hardly use any punctuation, so it's hard for me to get phrasing on this.
All right, just go slow.
Gosh.
Okay, well, if you were wondering why, here's the things that pushed me over the edge.
During my Boy Scout, oh, that's it, you're a Boy Scout, you know, funded by the Mormons.
During a Boy Scout Troops holiday party where we stay up all night playing games, I saw one of my friends playing Guitar Hero 2, and we played over 13 songs, then we played Thunder Horse.
Okay, you use a hyphen in a song that doesn't even have a hyphen in the name.
Okay, then at the end of the song, I saw an achievement unlocked, and then I saw another one of my friends playing Burnout Revenge after he left his 360 in my hands.
I plugged in my MP3 player to the 360 and started using my own music like Dragon Force and Anthrax while doing takedowns and crash events made my eyes open, and especially when I started playing with my friend online communication, flawless, comma, finally, compared to the PS... It doesn't even...
Need a comma.
Okay.
Compared to the PS3, it can suck my balls, Sony.
I ain't buying your stupid PS3.
Period.
I need some recommendations on games and accessories to buy with my system, and I'm needing one on should I buy it used or new.
I've been waiting for a price drop on 360.
Comma.
Doesn't need to be there.
I'm wondering which W-I-T-C-H, by the way, configuration I should start off with.
Sincerely, DSLoverPS.
Keep the shows rocking.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I don't know what type of games to recommend when I don't know what type of games you like.
Did he say what type of games he likes to play?
Guitar Hero 2?
I guess.
I don't know.
Get Rock Band Beatles?
Guitar Hero 3?
What game has takedowns in it?
Madden?
Oh, Burnout!
He said Burnout Paradise.
Okay, Burnout Paradise and Split Seconds is going to be very cool when that comes out.
Need for Speed?
Fuel?
I liked Fuel, even though a lot of people gave it kind of mediocre reviews.
Um...
Yeah, I don't know.
But when you say... See, when you say what PlayStation 3 game should I get, I go LittleBigPlanet.
I think that game's amazing.
And I think everybody should... This person asked about Xbox 360.
I thought they said PS3.
That was the previous one.
Oh.
They want Xbox 360 games they should have?
No, they want... They're thinking about getting an Xbox 360.
I thought they said PS3 at the end.
I want to know... I want to know which version of the Xbox 360 to get.
It was the last one that asked about what PS3 games were exclusive and what to buy.
You need to find one that matches what needs.
Do you have an HDTV that can benefit from HDMI?
Do you have, you know, I don't think you need all the frills, but I think you do need a hard drive.
So I wouldn't get the one that doesn't come with a hard drive.
I think that you need to stop thinking about an Xbox 360.
You need to sell your DS and you need to freaking hire a tutor.
Wow.
If you would like DarkSakura to criticize your emails, please send us an email.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
Deathwishing Beatles Rock Band Beatles
Or pay for the new albums.
My favorite song by them is Here Comes the Sun.
And you know what?
I think that's the part that makes Harmonix and the surviving Beatles and relatives of the deceased ones very happy is that it's like a whole new generation discovering the Beatles.
And I think what they would say to your email is, mission accomplished.
I think that's a very good thing.
So congrats to you discovering your love for Beatles music.
I always kind of respect the Beatles.
I don't love them or foam in the mouth about them or even really buy a lot of their albums, but I respect them.
I really understand what they did for music and why they were so popular.
But I'm thinking that maybe playing this game will kind of open up the catalog.
I also like the movie Across the Universe somewhat.
Dude, I love that movie.
I didn't like the movie, but I liked the parts of the movie.
It had nice parts.
So you give it the Xanity rating?
I do.
That's a perfect comparison.
It has nice parts, but the whole it adds up to is WTF.
Well, therefore the Xanity rating.
I actually love the whole movie.
I was going to say something else too.
If you had to say you had a favorite song by them, Rob, what would it be?
William Shatner version?
No.
And I like Strawberry Fields Forever.
And I've been to Strawberry Fields and it's beautiful in New York City where the Imagine Memorial is.
So I think Strawberry Fields forever.
And it does make me think of that scene in Across the Universe, which I think is one of the better scenes in the movie.
That seriously is my favorite scene in the movie.
So I would say that's definitely one of my top songs.
I met the guy that was in the movie.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I got his autograph.
How random.
I know.
There you go.
Well, do you have a favorite song?
In what?
Across the Universe?
No, Beatles.
Beatles song in general.
No.
Strawberry Fields isn't in the rock band, is it?
No.
It should be.
I did want to say, though, probably my favorite, favorite song of the Beatles as a, not just the band itself, but all the members, was Imagine by John Lennon.
I mean, that is a song that will live on forever, and it rightfully should.
I mean, I think that song, to me, even transcends anything the Beatles ever did.
DarkSakura.com
DarkTetsuya in chat says, less Sims, more show, please.
I can do both at the same time, and you are totally not one to talk, okay?
Addict.
That's right, I can text message and drive at the same time, so she can play Sims.
Rob.
You saw the video, didn't you?
Yes, I saw the video.
That was fantastic.
It was stupid.
It was great.
It was the most over-the-top thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
I know, but it was gorgeous.
It was the gore.
And I've been to the Rocky Horror Picture Show 300 times, and that text messaging crash video was the most over-the-top thing.
Yay, my Sim is drowning!
Alright, shut up.
Why'd you build a wall around the pool?
So that he couldn't get out.
You're killing your dick, Sim.
Hold on.
So Sims and The Sims 3 have learned that they can pull themselves out of the pool without the ladder?
Yeah.
Damn it!
They're always getting smarter.
She built walls around the pool.
As you should.
Well, you can't put a fence around him, but what I could do is the move objects on, and then I put the little sign, neighborhood sign.
Can you douse him with gasoline?
No.
Alright, can we get to the FUs of the week?
DarkSakura.
I guess.
Um...
Um, F you to, um, going back to work.
Loki!
Um, huh, I had something, and I don't remember what it was.
I guess F you to having a bunch of new locks for my arcade cabinet, but not any of the keys.
That's it.
I don't really have a lot of FUs this week.
I think I've actually been in somewhat of a good mood, so I don't know.
FU to the fact that I'm not already at Disneyland, because that's where I'm going to be in a few days.
I'm so freaking excited I need to be there.
Oh, did Death show up to get your little... Yep.
And Death can't get to the person?
Oh yeah, Death can do anything.
Alright, anyhow.
He's dead!
See how Sims is derailing the show?
Now you need to drown Death in a pool too, because that'd be ironic.
Back to games, Loki
Bethesda has the rights to Fallout right now, and Interplay infringed on its trademark.
I'm surprised if we did see a Fallout MMO that it wouldn't be coming from Bethesda.
I would think that would be right up their alley.
I think Bethesda's got to be working on some MMO right now, but it's probably in the Elder Scrolls universe, not Fallout.
But who knows?
Anything's possible.
I mean, both those games are huge.
How about combining them?
Nuclear Holocaust in the medieval times?
A nuclear holocaust hits the world of... What's the name of the world that Elder Scrolls is set in?
I can't remember.
But that's what we need.
We need a crossover game of the two, and it's an MMO.
There you go.
or that they've turned nomadic and they're back now to medieval technology.
I still haven't played Fallout 3.
It's oblivion with guns.
I don't know how I wouldn't like this game, but I just somehow haven't played it.
I'm too addicted to Warcraft.
I have Fallout 3 and I've still not played it.
I also have Left 4 Dead and still have not played it.
Can I borrow your Fallout 3 if you're not going to play it?
Fallout 3 is pretty cool.
Is it?
Well, Becky's husband was playing quite a bit of it and it just looks really cool.
I liked it.
No, I've never heard anything but good things about it.
And even when I've watched it, it looks like a lot of fun.
And, you know, just remember, guys, I don't have time to play every game, especially when you're addicted to an MMO.
Actually, no, I take that back.
I think I did sell it already.
Oh.
Because I don't have a lot of games anymore.
Wow, you unloaded all your games?
Why?
Different reasons.
All right, well, do you think Bethesda has any ground to stand on with this?
I mean, do you think they'll win, Loki?
Yeah, if they have the rights for it right now.
I mean, I know Interplay, I think, was the one that actually came out with the original Fallout, but I don't know.
They're saying that this has caused immediate, substantial, and irreparable harm, I guess.
I don't know.
It probably wasn't going to end up working out for them anyways.
Okay, well, I want to move on to one more story before we get to your phone calls tonight, and it has to do with the Nintendo Wii.
Apparently, Nintendo is going to price drop the Wii.
Rumor is that the Wii is going to get its price drop the first week of October, which makes sense, because the machine still costs $250.
And, you know, isn't the Xbox 360 now $199?
Yep.
So, you know, and it has been for a while, so I think the Wii is probably going to have to move to a price drop.
Their sales have been kind of slowing down, too.
Well, plus it's time to update the pack, too.
You know, I think it's inevitable.
They're going to put Wii Motion Plus in it and Wii Sports Resort, I think, is what you're going to find in the new pack.
No?
No, it's going to stay the same.
Really?
I think it is.
You don't think they'll bundle in an extra game?
No, because you can't get Wii Sports by itself.
What about a Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort bundle?
What about it comes with Wii Sports?
No, because that would impact their sales of Wii Sports Resort.
Really?
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, we'll see.
By the way, the rumor comes from an early version of a Walmart ad, but apparently it is coming soon.
I don't see the exact price, though.
It's just apparently the ad says that it's coming.
So we don't know exactly what the new price is.
But...
now Nintendo doesn't do Tokyo Game Show but they will be participating in a thing called Kyoto Cross Media Experience 2009 but that's at the end of September September 26th to October 4th so if they're going to announce a price drop that's when it's kind of expected to happen because Nintendo never does Tokyo Game Show I don't know what, I don't remember the reason behind it but they just don't they kind of do their own media thing in Japan so very interesting
I wonder if there will be a fitness thing, like maybe the original Wii Fit or something.
I don't know.
But again, Loki seems to think it won't cut in.
Because then you'd have to throw in the Wii Fit balance board.
I mean, I could see maybe some holiday bundles.
If they're going to do anything, what they're going to do is some crappy holiday bundle later on that it's going to have new Super Mario Bros.
Wii bundled in it, and maybe that's it.
But...
I kind of wish, I was just thinking the other day
Super Mario Bros.
4 Super Mario Bros. 4
That kind of does away with a lot of the changes to the Mario universe over time.
That might be too difficult for Grand Moff.
Maybe.
Maybe I just live in this weird fanboy bubble, or I just miss the old school days of Nintendo, but it'd be kind of cool.
Alright, I guess it's time for us to open up the Skype line.
We're ready to take some calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Go ahead and give us a call if you'd like to give a comment on any topic that you've heard about tonight and we'll take some calls.
See what's on your mind.
I'll ask if there's any last minute stories here in studio because we have a delay.
Oh, no, we're getting our first call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
X-Link, Half Minute Hero
Final Fantasy 1, Dragon War 1
from the time you start to get to the boss, to beat the boss.
But in order to do this, you like really, it plays like basically you're playing the game and fast forward.
I heard about this.
Isn't this the one?
Doesn't it switch genres too?
Like every 30 seconds?
I remember there's a demo for that out now.
Yes.
Is that on PSP?
It's coming soon.
Yeah, it's coming on, it's supposedly October 20th is the release date for it.
Is that on PSP or PS3?
PSP.
Oh, I want to check that out.
I remember when we reported on that game and I was like, oh, it's kind of like WarioWare, but like, it sounds even cooler than, what was the WarioWare clone we got on PSP?
WTF, right?
Even though WTF was kind of funny.
This sounds even cooler.
Like, I definitely want to check this out.
So, did it feel like WarioWare to you, Xlink?
Was it...
Kind of, yeah, but it had more of a, when I played it, it had more of the role-playing type deal, so it's more like playing Final Fantasy 1 on fast-forward, like I said before, so it was really good, though.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Demo was cool enough for you to go pre-order the game?
Oh, definitely.
I would definitely pre-order it.
A big role-playing type thing.
It had other elements I saw from the trailer, which really piqued my interest, like shootings and stuff like that, and summons.
A successful demo.
Thank you for calling me to tell me about it because I'm going to go put that in my queue to download my PSP.
No, no problem.
Now that I've learned how to get my PS3 and PSP to work together and I got a better memory card for my PSP, I'm all about checking out all the latest demos and so forth because I know I've been critical of the PSP as a gaming device, but there are some gems out there.
There are some real gems out there.
Definitely, and I'm looking forward to 2% which comes out in about two weeks too.
I already had that pre-ordered and paid for.
Awesome.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight, buddy?
Nah, not really.
I've been too busy doing my LiveJournal game, so I've been really trying to catch up back on the news here during the weekend.
Alright, well good.
I know what you're talking about, and I hope it's fun for you.
In fact, I'm going to be talking about LiveJournal games on this show in a couple weeks, because I'm going to be hosting another one, and I want people to sign up and play.
Real quickly, it was very unique the way some of you guys approached me and told me, oh, hey, if you like doing this kind of stuff, you might like doing this, so I signed up for it.
It was very unique and very fun, and I got to meet a lot of new people through it, and if anybody hasn't done it or wants to do it, I suggest to do it.
I'll give you more details in a couple weeks here on Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, thank you so much, X-Links, for calling in.
No, no problem.
Take care, buddy.
by the way, I just want to point out to everybody out there that was a perfect phone call that was a wonderful phone call because dude knew
Hi, you're on Orange Sounds Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma, the second guy.
Hold on.
I know you wanted to talk, but I just wanted to praise X-Link a little more here for that call.
That was a perfect phone call because he knew exactly what he wanted to talk about.
He kind of already had it lined out.
He spoke very well, obviously tested his connection before, and just kind of laid it all out there.
When I asked him if there was anything else, he kind of added a little more, and I just...
Very good.
Everybody take notes from that last call.
Sorry about that.
Ranma, now you have to follow that.
I'm not trying to say we get bad calls.
I'm just saying that if you want to know what I think a perfect phone call is, that last call was great.
So now you have to follow it, Ranma.
What's on your mind tonight?
Well, I will do my best.
But first off, me and Judea, we went to a classic gaming convention yesterday called GameCore.
First off, I'm going to
Post a link in the chat.
Makes for great radio, doesn't it?
Yes, exactly.
That's okay.
I forgive you.
Thank you.
The pictures are on small and large size because it was a lot of stuff.
I would call this convention like Jamie's Vault x6.
That's how much stuff was there.
You had a lot of classic arcade machines there that were for sale, such as
The Simpsons arcade machine for like 400 bucks.
Oh my god, I would have went home with that.
Seriously?
Even though I'm supposed to be saving for a new car right now, I would have went home with that.
Dude, it was cash and carry.
Do they really?
Yeah.
Oh my god, I should get an arcade machine for my house.
You should.
Wouldn't my roommate fucking love that?
Sorry.
By the way, Ranma, I'm at your picture gallery.
There's a lot of broken pictures.
You might want to check that out.
I don't know if it's...
It's an issue with the gallery software, but if you click on the broken link, the picture will actually show up.
Okay.
I probably shouldn't look at them all during the show, but I am looking at some of these things.
So, yeah, I see some things that are reminiscent of Classic Gaming Expo, certainly.
Did they have a lot of playable stuff out there?
Pretty much they did.
It was a lot of arcade machines.
They had a row of Dreamcasts set up to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Sega Dreamcast.
There was an actual Neo Geo MVS machine set up.
Not the whole arcade unit, but the actual...
console, and board, you know?
I have an MVS board now.
Sweet.
Dude, what is up with everybody getting fucking Neo Geo MVS boards?
You, Bobby, Jamie?
Okay, here's the thing.
They threw it in with my cabinet because I was testing, to test my cabinet, they plugged an MVS board in there and they're like, okay, hey, you want this board for 60 bucks and I'll throw in this bootleg 48-in-1 cart with it.
I'm like, what?
What?
I am so uncool.
I have to get one.
I have to fit in with everybody else.
I'm going to have to get a fucking Neo Geo now just so I can feel cool.
Sorry, Ranma.
I didn't mean to derail your call.
See, this is an example of where the hosts derail your call, which happens.
What town was this convention in again?
Oaks, Pennsylvania.
It was about 20 minutes outside of Philly.
I wonder, was it at like an actual classic gaming store or is there one like right nearby?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
MC Lars, YT Cracker, 8-Bit Brothers, Armadillo Tank
Did you go to the concerts at all?
I went to a couple of the concerts.
I walked in on Super 8-Bit Brothers, and since I was dressed as Luigi, I got a lot of props and shoutouts.
Very nice.
There was actually a couple of classic cars there, such as the DeLorean and Kit.
Well, sounds like you had a lot of fun at the convention.
So is this something that travels or was it just at the one place?
It was at this one place.
I was talking to some of the people that helped create it and they were seeing some ups and downs they had with it.
So they're looking to do things a little bit differently for next year.
And also I have a bit of a game review too.
Oh, please.
Yes.
There was a company there called Storm City Games, independent publishing group.
They had a game they were demoing out called Hands-On Tangrams.
Like the tangrams we used to play with in junior high school?
That game came out a long time ago.
Interesting.
Alright, well, how was it?
Did you get your tangram on?
Yes, I did, and for $20, I think it was well worth it.
This is like a perfect time waster if you need to kill 10-20 minutes while you're waiting for something.
I came out back in spring.
Okay, Debbie Downer.
Hands on tangrams.
They said they had the demo and this is actually coming out October.
Maybe it's a new platform or a new version.
Maybe.
Maybe that's what's going on.
Probably so.
All right, well, Ranma, we're going to let you go to get some more calls, but I'm glad you had fun at the convention.
One more thing.
Sure, sure.
Can we talk to Jamie for one quick second, please?
I suppose.
All right.
Hold on.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
While we were there, they were actually doing viewings for Nerdcore Rising, which is the film by MC Frontalot.
Yeah.
And they were actually giving a couple of them out.
I had asked Rama to go up there and see if he could win one, and he did.
So we're going to be giving it to you, Jamie.
What?
Yes.
Yes.
It's a copy of Nerdcore Rising, and if you open it up on the DVD itself, it is signed by MC Frontalot.
Oh, that is so cool!
And it says Win Win Win on there.
We don't know exactly who wrote that on the DVD, but we think it was Lars.
Sweet!
We're not exactly sure, but yeah, just wanted to let you know that.
And who is this on the phone right now?
This would be Giove Day, Patty.
Hello, well, welcome to the show.
I don't think you've ever called in before, but what a great first call.
We like when new people on the show give stuff away.
She's talked before on the show.
I don't remember her talking.
I know she's been in chat and Twitter and all that.
Yeah, but she's called in like a couple times with Ranma before.
Well, that's awesome.
That's so cool.
And then you have to deliver it to me in person.
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, we're great people.
And how did you like the con, Giovedeo?
How did you like it?
I liked it a lot.
I'm not really big into loud, crazy conventions.
It was nice.
It was mellow.
But there was enough stuff there to do that you didn't feel that you were bored.
All right.
Very cool.
And any favorite classic game that you discovered or something that you played that you really enjoyed?
now I was actually in the booth most of the time chatting with the guy next to us who was selling all the D&D stuff and he sold me D&D dice for two bucks so that made me happy cool
Hey, nerds need their dice.
Yes, we do.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go so we can roll the dice on another phone call.
But thank you so much, you guys.
That sounds like an awesome present and you guys didn't have to do that.
So I know DarkSakura is bouncing as she's playing The Sims.
Hey, I'm bouncing in like most of my parts.
They're quivering with joy.
All right.
Before this gets dirty, I'm going to have to let you go.
Night, guys.
All right.
Take care.
We've had some good phone calls.
Any call that gives DarkSakura something free is always going to be a good call.
That makes my liver quiver.
There's just no way that that's going to be a bad call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch.
Wait, did I answer this one?
There we go.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Cheeseburger.
Hi, Cheeseburger.
Have you been on the show before?
I don't think you've ever called.
No, I haven't.
I've been in chat.
You've got a deeper voice than I imagined.
I've heard your name before as we've, like, you know, reading the Twitters and the chat and all that, but I just, and I just want to point out the icon on Skype is a picture of a cheeseburger.
Why do you go by cheeseburger?
I know why he goes by cheeseburger because I read his emails.
Are you just a big fan of cheeseburgers?
No, it's extremely similar to my last name.
I know you played WoW for a while, and I just want to know why you got back into it.
I didn't know you got back into it.
I'm trying to think how far I want to get into this on a public radio show.
The reason why I had to stop playing WoW was I found myself kind of getting too involved with some of the stuff that was going on in the guild.
And unfortunately, as seems to always happen in various guilds in WoW, there was some very unfortunate guild drama where people went their separate ways.
and it really kind of turned me off to the game because part of me actually all of me felt it was very unnecessary and that I think if people across the board had been a little more more reasonable and open-minded and hadn't reacted and I think some very selfish things were done by certain people and god I hope I'm gonna get in deep hot water for getting into this on my radio show but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, I found a new group of people to play with that have different goals in the game that aren't so focused on the endgame rating and so forth, and just kind of rediscovering what makes WoW fun.
And also, I dumped the guy I was seeing, so I have a little more spare time now.
It's kind of like what I told one of my friends.
I said, when she criticized me, she's like, I can't believe you went back to Warcraft.
I said, this is what depressed people do!
I wouldn't really say I'm depressed.
It's a time waster.
But like I said, I think real life, if there's stuff going on in real life, it will always be better than WoW.
And this is kind of what I tell people.
I don't watch a lot of TV.
There's some things I watch, but I don't watch as much as probably most people do.
When I'm playing WoW, I'm not playing as many console games.
It's just my entertainment of choice.
But finding a balance is important.
What realm do you play on?
Right now I am playing Alliance on Blade's Edge is the server I'm playing on.
Is it alright if I join your guild?
Possibly.
Send me an email after the show.
It's not my guild that's the difference this time.
Actually, I wasn't in charge of the guild before, but I knew the people in charge more than I know the ones here.
But as long as you're not a dick, which you don't sound like from your phone call, I don't see why not.
Cool!
Alright, well you take care of yourself.
Thanks for the call, okay?
All right, you too.
All right.
See ya.
Take care.
See, I was going to say at the end of that phone call, for the Horde!
But then I was like, oh shit, I'm Alliance now.
I can't say that.
I'm playing one of each.
You're playing what?
One of each.
One of each?
You're on a different server, right?
I am, but I'll play on another.
I mean, I think I'm actually going to pay for it.
But I'm playing a blood elf, and I'm playing a goat girl.
All right, fair enough.
You know what I mean by goat girl.
Yes, Dranai.
All right.
Drano.
Drano.
All right.
Well, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
And those were all excellent calls tonight, so thank you very much.
And I think we'll leave it at that.
I do still see calls coming in, but no offense.
All those guys that are calling in have been on the show before, so we're going to leave this as a...
Week of new callers.
Well, even though Ranma's not a new caller.
So, two out of three.
That makes Angus excited.
All right.
Plus about three phone calls a night.
It's good.
So, all right.
Yeah.
If you didn't get through tonight, though, Twitter topics next week.
We didn't get a lot tonight.
And don't forget, you can always interact.
Chat room.
Mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Always plenty of ways to interact with the program.
So, let's get into some last-minute stories.
I never allowed Loki the chance.
I'm going to steal one more cookie because they're delicious.
That's fine.
They're there for stealing.
And we can throw away all the bacon stuff, except for my plate.
Why don't we feed all the bacon stuff to Dan?
If he wants it.
What the hell is this crap?
Sonic is possibly going to come back in the way that it should have been coming back in the first place.
None of these 3D crap fests with were-hedgehogs and that kind of stuff.
No, we're actually going to get a brand new 2D HD Sonic the Hedgehog game.
It's going to be...
Sky Stage Xbox Live Arcade
Well, now it's also making its way to arcades as well.
And I don't know, man.
I've seen screenshots and video of this.
It just looks weird.
I mean, I don't think King of Fires really translates itself well into... It's one of those things I want to see just once, though.
Just like for the WTF value.
Yeah.
By the way, the Sonic 2D thing, I'm a little nervous about that.
And I'm with everybody else in the camp of OMG awesome Sonic 2D.
Hopefully it's kind of influenced by Mega Man 9, just to go back to your damn roots.
But I am a little worried because this is like the third time Sonic has been reinvented.
And the last few have not been that great.
So I really hope...
This one's good.
I'm hopeful, but I'm a little apprehensive, and I think I have the right to be, as do all the rest of you.
Yeah.
And then, also to kind of go along with some stuff we were talking about before, you may remember that porn has been kind of making its way to the PlayStation 3 PlayStation Network in Japan.
Well, now apparently Vivid Entertainment is hoping to do the same thing in the U.S.
They are making a stand trying to convince Sony that their porn should be on the PlayStation Network.
Bravo, I say.
So that'll be kind of interesting.
And apparently...
Go back to some of the piracy stuff we were talking about.
We may have talked about this in the past, but yes, they have finally released the sequel, the official sequel to Don't Copy That Floppy.
Don't Copy That 2.
And let me tell you this much, I watched it and it's horrible.
And then promptly copied a floppy.
It's horrible.
If I still had a floppy, I would copy it.
And my favorite thing about this is they're talking about how, oh, copying is a crime and stuff.
And yeah, piracy is a crime, whatever.
But the guy that they show at the very end, there's like a real pirate, I guess, who... He was selling copies of stuff, okay?
I think that's something that's gonna probably land you in jail more than...
Pirating games for your own use It's a YouTube clip
I think they want it freely distributed everywhere.
Even if we're critical of it?
Even if we're critical of it.
So are we going to copy the thing?
Read that in a minute, DarkSakura.
I know what you're looking at, and it's related.
Where is it here?
Who linked it in chat here?
It's this, right?
Yes.
Okay, hold on.
I'm bringing it up in studio.
Sorry.
Okay, here it is.
Don't copy that floppy 2.
Welcome back to 90s Time Trip.
It's that anti-piracy classic, Don't Copy That Floppy.
Can I just skip ahead here?
I don't want to watch this whole damn thing, okay?
I just want to see what the song sounds like, and I want to see that bit at the end.
He looks kind of like Max Headroom, but black.
Like, is it just me?
But that's kind of what it looks like.
Sorta.
Don't copy it!
Oh, he does.
See?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's not as funny as the other one was.
I think the old 90s value of the first one is what made it so funny and catchy.
But this one is like, ironically enough, is a copy of a copy.
And you know how copies of copies lose quality over time?
That's what I feel this is.
Like an unnecessary sequel.
Okay, I want to see the bit.
Whoa, what happened?
The thing stopped.
Don't do that.
Don't stop me, my floppy.
All right.
Let me see the bit at the end.
What, it's about the last minute is where the pirate shows up?
Um, yeah, even... I want to see... I want to see the little, like, message to kids.
My name is Jeremiah Mondello, and I want you to know that pirating software is no joke.
I'm serving four years for selling pirated software on the web.
And now, for the rest of my life, I'll be labeled a felon and an ex-con.
Don't make the same mistakes I did.
It's not just a copy, it's a crime.
Would I be immature for making fun of his voice?
Because... I wondered if that was a woman.
I don't mean to sound rude and or petty and I should really not be the first to talk, but like...
He doesn't sound like he's ever gone through puberty.
Is that a disease?
See what happens when you copy?
Does selling pirated games cause your balls to go back into your body or something?
I think being in prison causes your balls to go back into your body.
Actually, Rob, I had to look at his neck.
I guess it's okay for me to make fun of him because he is a felon, right?
I had to look at his neck.
to see if there was an Adam's apple?
Oh, he's got too much facial hair, even if that was drugs.
A woman can grow that much facial hair with hormonal therapy.
Yes, really.
Can I see the rest of this uplifting message here?
Oh, he's just a sad face.
It was just a sad face.
That was the end of it.
Never mind.
So now he's serving four years in jail.
I learned my lesson.
And now he's being made fun of on the internet by... Well, how about you don't sell pirated copies of stuff, stupid?
Of course, see, that's the people they go after is the big piracy rings that, you know, cause companies money because they're actually selling bootleg copies.
AmazeSatsuma in chat says, his body copied too much estrogen.
And Rama says, and people wonder why software is so fucking expensive.
By the way, that's a free download at iTunes.
Yeah, better be.
It wouldn't be worth... Someone should go copy it.
Oh, you gotta love irony.
Guess who's never gonna download that?
Me.
DarkSakura, you had a last-minute story, and then we'll let Loki finish up if he has anything else.
Yeah, it's actually somebody... To quote Silent Scope, let's play Metal Gear for real.
A guy in France who was accused of killing... There's an actor, Roland Gerard, he was convicted with... Well, supposed to be going, actually, in jail, waiting trial for killing the guy's daughter and her friend.
Um...
He escaped from jail in a box.
In a box.
Playing Metal Gear-ish.
Not really.
But he had put himself in a box that was being loaded onto a truck to take to southeast of Paris.
And he broke free and the driver didn't even figure it out until later.
And so the guy, from what I can see, is still at large.
His name is Jean-Pierre Trebert, I think.
So...
Trebek It's myself in a box
Anyhow, sorry.
Well, like Solid Snake, you know.
By the way.
Oh, no.
Because you know in the game he was in a box and he moved the box in the truck.
It says, oh, no, the truck have started to move.
The truck have started to move.
I love that.
So, yeah, the truck have started to move.
I need to play through old school NES Metal Gear.
I'm out of jail.
Hey, that gaming marathon we're doing on the 17th, I want to play Metal Gear for an hour.
Yeah.
Old school.
Rob.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Rob.
What?
Yeah.
Hey, by the way.
What?
I hate you.
There was actually one funny thing they had on Saturday Night Live last night.
It was a repeat, but I never watched Saturday Night Live, so it was new to me.
But they had a sequel to the Dick in the Box thing with Justin Timberlake and whoever that guy, Andy Samberg, is that his name?
It was something like, we're gonna fuck each other's moms for Mother's Day or something like that.
It was actually really funny.
I hadn't heard that one.
That was the one funny thing I saw on that show all night.
It's not on the album.
Sarah Palin
I thought it was...
I guess that's it.
Good night!
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
But before we close the door on tonight's program, we do have to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
Bacon.
I have now officially given up pork.
Good luck with that.
Well, I'm going to be very sick tonight, so it's fine.
Have you ever talked about why you're doing that, or is that not something you want to get into on Oil Arm?
I don't want to get into it.
Okay, that's fine.
Loki, what's your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I'm going to be working on my cabinet all week.
Yay!
My final thought is Disneyland!
Yay!
Thank you guys so much for downloading and tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate your guys' support.
And remember, if you like what you've heard here, all we ask, please tell a friend about the show.
My God, that scared the hell out of me.
We had the window open and Dan walked up to the window.
even if you say you have no friends or you want to help us even more leave us a nice review on iTunes or one of those other websites like Podcast Alley or Dig or something and help spread the word because we don't have thousands of dollars backing our show up we do this stuff for free that's all we really ask thank you guys so much have a great night everybody and thank you for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio we will not see you next week we'll see you in two weeks with our return of Orange Lounge Radio goodnight
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
and more.
