Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Lokey!
Tonight, September 27th, 2009, a controversial rumor hints at big Sega and Sony plans.
A PlayStation Home spin-off is PSP-bound, and is the sequel to one of this year's biggest hits already in the works.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game program dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
So pull up a chair and join us for the next three hours as we talk about video games.
It'll be myself, Rob Roberts, and, as always, your lovely co-host, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
How are you, my friend?
I am, uh, contemplative.
Contemplative?
Yes, that's a very good word for how I am right now.
Things you want to talk about on air or private things?
Um...
You want to have a Dr. Phil therapy session here in Oprah moment, if you will?
Live on our video game program?
Well, um, uh, I am, uh, going to only be here for about an hour, and then I'm going to a temple tonight.
Oh, okay.
For, uh, services.
Well, you have fun, and, um, sorry that you won't be here for the whole show, but certainly understanding.
When you have other commitments, you have other commitments.
Try not to ruin my house.
I'll try.
You know, this isn't the first time we've taped a show at Studio DarkSakura without DarkSakura.
It's going to be a little creepy.
But you will be here for a little while to, uh, give your colorful insight, as always.
Oh, yes.
Also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
But what are we going to do?
Because I don't have Sims 3 on my laptop.
Actually, what we'll do, we'll have DarkSakura bring it up on her computer and just put the microphone kind of, like, at a distance from the speaker.
I turn off the sound during the show.
And it'll be, it'll be like she's here.
Okay.
And then we'll hear the Simlish every once in a while.
And it'll be, that'll be her input.
Sounds about right.
So, what did you think about Tokyo Game Show this year, DarkSakura?
I thought about it, well, actually, you know, I'll tell you what, I had a friend that went.
Did you really?
Yeah, one of my, uh, friends from Berkeley, she lives in Japan now, and she went to Tokyo Game Show and posted lots of pictures of the cosplay and the win.
I heard it was kind of a mixed bag this year.
Our, uh, buddy Bobby Black Wolf, who, of course, tapes before us at All Games Radio, where we always tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, but starting at 5 Pacific.
Gotta, gotta plug All Games, because they let us steal their bandwidth every week.
Um, but, of course, there's a bunch of great shows on All Games, and the one before us is Bobby Black Wolf, and he was kind of talking, you know, his piece, and we were doing a little phone call at the end of his show, as we always do, and he had mentioned that some of the things he had heard on Tokyo Game Show this year, not so hot.
And I think that it depends on what you go there for.
I mean, I think she was just going there just to see and to look around, so I think she had a good time.
Right. And I got the impression, like, he didn't say who it was for whatever reason, which is fine, but, you know, I got the impression maybe because it was an industry person, so I didn't want to say who it was.
So, probably, maybe from the industry perspective, it's eh, but the kind of, the cool thing about Tokyo Game Show is that it is open to the public.
That's something E3 is not.
So, it is like E3 meets Penny Arcade Expo, in a way, I guess you could say, in Japan.
I mean, I don't think we should really compare Expos to each other. They're all kind of different.
But the cool thing about Tokyo Game Show is that it is an open to the public trade show of sorts.
So, I think if you're like a private citizen kind of going and not really into the whole industry, but you're just a gaming enthusiast, I bet it's a heck of a lot of fun.
So, there you go.
I agree.
Alright.
Well, we do like to think of ourselves here at Orange Lounge Radio as kind of like, you know, friends getting together for, like, post-arcade, night at the arcade dinner, meeting up at a diner, because that's what we actually used to do.
That's how Dark Soccer, Loki, and myself all met. We used to go to this little diner called Brookfield's in the parking lot of Roseville Golf Land after a night of DDR and fighting games and who knows what else we would play back in the day.
Sadly, arcades have gone downhill in the past eight years, but we're still here doing our thing, and we always invite you guys to come to the table with us.
Join us at our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, if you want to chat with us during the program.
We are back after a week off last week.
Unfortunately, we're a little spotty in our schedule right now.
We're going to be out next week as well.
But I have some good news.
We are going to have a best-of show airing next week with some new content.
We're going to get together next week and tape some new content.
So we won't be live next week sadly, but you will get to hear some of our best bits going back a little ways too.
So some of our new fans in the past year or two.
And this will actually go to the podcast feed as well.
So you'll be able to hear it.
It'll air live first, of course as it always does.
it always does and then go to the podcast feed a little later so if you
want to be the first to hear it just stay tuned after Bobby next week like
you always are sadly we won't be here live but then after that that should be
it for the rest of the year we'll be here every show up through Christmas I
don't think Christmas is on a Sunday this year and New Year's and all that so
I think we'll be fine so anyhow um I'm looking at our chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com
actdeft says the OLR dinner table yay I want to welcome all of our new
chatters as well I'm not sure who exactly all in chat is new tonight but I
do want to say welcome if you are new to the program and of course welcome to our
veteran folks as well especially those of you that have been with us for a long
time like dark Tetsuya I think he's been here every week since episode 1 you got
to love that he was literally there for episode 1 so props to you longtime
listeners and new time listeners tonight so if you're new then you ought to know
that we always start off every show with a little bit of how was your gaming
week start Sakura how was your gaming week it was not very eventful I should
say I really I really didn't play much of anything this week Rob except for
like a game of pinball and cuz I was gonna I haven't paid for my World of
Warcraft account because of financial issues here at home which hopefully I'll
be able to rectify next week but I had no idea that back I played some Sims I
actually did for about 20 minutes I have to say as far as the pinball thing goes
one game that I played a little bit of this week not a lot but was the Zen
pinball on PlayStation 3 and I know Bobby was giving you some crap about
that a while ago saying you gotta check it out you gotta check it out well I'm
gonna I'm gonna jump on board and say you got to check it out cuz it is a
pretty good pinball collection and some fun tables on there I was finally
getting into one of them I think it's called v12 it's like a racing table and
it's one of those things where there's like a field on top and then a play
field underneath the glass and the way they do it on the PlayStation 3 is kind
of neat so um it's worth checking out we know this week is you know remember if
it's this week or last week but uh what was it the pinball Hall of Fame
Williams collection will be out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 you know I
already own the game on we did they talk about if they're doing anything new with
that it's all high-res and stuff I guess that's cool but I do own it on we the
uh we version though they're getting the one that came out in the UK they got a
little collection become out here in November so it's a great week great week
to be a pinball enthusiast apparently I would like to see more tables come to
Zen pinball I think they only have the one table and I know there's a very
comparable game on the Xbox 360 and I apologize the name escapes me but I know
there's a and somebody in chattel name and I know it but they have a
comparable pinball game over there and they get a lot of they've had quite a
few tables I think two or at least three there's a pair table one time well I
think it's probably the same table that's on Zen pinball so kind of funny
uh Loki how was your gaming week I didn't play a lot of games mainly I
played Grand Theft Auto lost and damned this time though since they went and
broke our modded games which you know how to suppress for a while we didn't
really know what the hell we're gonna do with the game now so the killer time
until the new expansion comes out we've been playing ranked games actually and
it's quite fun cuz we kick the crap out of everybody that plays with us
everybody just and normally I don't talk crap through my games over if there's
someone else that's playing outside of a group I talk shit the entire time it's
awesome but wait so you now go now ever since they banned your private games
because you were doing the hack thing or whatever yeah you now go out on the
public and play public now yeah we play ranked games all time and it's funny so
will you now take challenges from all our listeners well ranked games it's
just kind of a matter of chance getting in the same game okay honestly right now
there's so few people playing ranked games like at lunch at sometimes because
we have five consoles that all happen to be gold accounts I can literally put all
five consoles in a game and just take sniper shots at heads and stuff to kind
of boost my stats a bit but cheater cheater no I only do it for the costumes
and crap because really there's no point in getting up the leaderboard I guess if
you get the rank 10 or whatever you get 20 points big fucking whoop I mean it
let me put it this way I'm at rank 4 right now and then to get to the next
look next rank is $100,000 and you get maybe about in your average game $1,500
so it's just it's killing time until the new one comes out basically I do want to
say real quick before we get too far away from the topic but pinball FX is
the name of the pinball game on Xbox 360 thank you hit stun who said it first and
black wolf points out it's the same company that makes both games that's why
some of the tables hop across both of those games and vidpower wants to point
out if you're listening live on this Sunday night pinball FX is on sale for
the rest of today so if you are looking for any I do have that game on 360 I
just haven't played it in a long time I still have a bork 360 so I'm finally
taking care of that this week but it's a it's a it's a decent pinball game as
well I mean it's pretty much the same thing on the PlayStation 3 so I would
totally urge you to check it out sorry lucky yeah but yeah we're not really
just cheating and stuff we're just doing it the kind of because the other thing
too that happens a lot of times is it will roll back our stats so like I was
ranked for the other day then it like the next day I was back $25,000 and back
to rank 3 again so their leaderboards kind of fucked up anyways and you know
instead of just wasting another 20 days to get you know the same amount of money
we're just going in there and doing like you know headshot kills and stuff like
that but yeah actually when we get into the games with everybody else so I
definitely hold my own so it's no problem then on top of that then really
it's not game playing but I've been working on my arcade cabinet that I got
and it's actually pretty much done I mean it's I finished sanding the whole
thing and then respraying it with black spray paint and I got replacement
buttons replacement joysticks I actually converted the panel I had because it was
a two-player panel with three buttons each and I drilled three more holes in
there for the other six buttons and it's close to what's supposed to look like
you know drilling stuff into steel doesn't really a line up sometimes and
then I've just been kind of putting everything back together so I got most
of it done yesterday before I had to go get dinner and end up watching TV but
hopefully this week it'll be all put together and I can start moving it into
the house and I also sought to build the computer I have all the parts that build
the computer but I just haven't got around to doing it yet so that's kind of
exciting and I played a little bit more scribble knots so I had to go to the ER
for something Nellie thought she had like some eye infection thing and it
ended up being nothing but okay I was gonna say she's okay though right no
she's fine she's just wanted to go the ER so I sat there playing scribble knots
until my battery ran out five minutes later so I don't know it's still the
same I did find though that you can drop anything in lava and they'll kill it so
you can drop Cthulhu in lava and he died drop little babies in lava and they die
I don't know we I just have fun that's it all right my gaming week I did play
some new games this week and I do want to point out cuz I'm Brad from pod
culture another podcast we enjoy here at orange orange radio was razzing me in
our chat room a little bit saying you're 360 still broken damn dude get the thing
fixed already um honestly I my gaming tastes have been satiated by the
PlayStation 3 as of late there hasn't been anything on the 360 I've been
dying to go out and play except rock band beatles but I know I'll get to that
in time it's a boy if once my life stops me so crazy and I'm going on all these
trips and stuff I will or I'm just gonna get the damn thing at some point too but
we'll rock out a couple more weeks and DJ here I'll be out man rocket builds
like whatever well we'll see but honestly you know between that and you
know I've been getting back in a while lately and you all know how that goes
but that's not it I actually did play some new games this week I got it I
interrupt you real quick sure did you see the new video for Final Fantasy 14
yes I did isn't it awesome oh my god I cannot wait that was gonna be a whole
new crack right there that was the greatest thing no I can't go back yes
looks amazing all right um here's the thing I want to talk about some new
games I played this week funny enough I played some portable games I played on
the PSP fantasy star portable I decided to pick up because I was traveling this
week and you guys know I like to play portable games the most when I'm
traveling as I'm sure a lot of you do so I picked up fantasy star portable which
is kind of a port of fantasy star universe to the PSP which is weird
because fantasy star universe is an online game but fancy star portable
doesn't really have that it has an ad hoc mode so you can play with local
people but you can't really go online and universe is like online as in like
fancy star online was online where you can play it offline though um well
Phantasy Star Universe has both a single-player campaign and an online
mode. Yeah. Phantasy Star Online was pretty much only online. It was the only place you could play it.
I always played Phantasy Star Online offline. Well you had to have a hacked disc or something to do that, I think.
No. Or you just make your own private rooms or something, right? No, you just play it offline.
Could you do that? Yeah, you could do that. I don't even remember. It's been so
long I can't even remember. Because I didn't want to do dial-up because that was...
Yeah, kind of slow. But, um, Phantasy Star Portable is kind of a port of a single
player campaign. It is not the same campaign, I want to make that clear. It's a much
different story
going on to the PSP. But it's weird because they made some weird decisions
with it.
A, they added voice acting, which is kind of not that great.
And the interesting thing that they changed when they ported
Phantasy Star Universe to the PSP is that they made the
space station, the home base where you basically are, they made it all 2D.
You don't really walk around. You just kinda highlight little icons on a mini-map
and that's how you talk to people. That's how you visit shops.
And I hate it. Like, I think that was a really bad game design decision.
It's pretty bad because it says, well, if a person's name is green
they have new information for you. But I don't want to just kinda like sit there
and highlight different icons on a 2D map.
It's like you're browsing the mall map at the mall saying, oh, I want to go to Hot
Topic. I want to go to Sears. I want to go, you know.
I just didn't like that design choice. But that's
that's my negative for the game. The positive for the game is that it
they did a pretty good job porting it over to the PSP graphically.
The game still looks, you know, you can tell it scaled down a little bit but not
that bad at all. You expect you're gonna get a little bit of that.
The PSP is a pretty powerful piece of hardware. It
carries the game very well, especially with the full motion video and some of the
things they put in there. So
it does make a pretty solid single-player campaign, especially if
you're a fan of Phantasy Star Universe.
Unfortunately, I think the biggest flaw of Phantasy Star Universe
all together and thusly Phantasy Star Portable
and I think I'm gonna get some shit for this but this is the reason why I
couldn't
continue to play the game online. It's too damn repetitive. It doesn't have
the variety that an online game such as
WoW, Final Fantasy, even some of these other, you know, MMOs we've talked about
in the history of our gaming. It just, I'm sorry, I love the idea of an
action-based MMO but honestly
I feel so constrained as to what you really can do. You do these same sword
moves over and over. Granted, you can pick different weapons.
Yes, I realize there's skill-ups but you don't really mix and match things. There's
not a lot of strategy as to what you mix and match, like how you
chain things in Final Fantasy based around the elements or how you,
you know, have, like PvP is very intensive in
World of Warcraft and even some of the boss strategies
go way beyond hack and slash. I think that's part of the reason why Phantasy
Star Universe just didn't end up being that fun.
I think in a lot of people I know that played this game, just played it for a
little while and was like,
eh, bored, and I think that's why it kinda, you know, got old quick.
Phantasy Star Online I think was a little different because I think at the time we
really didn't have anything like it. I think of a game, honestly, and I know I'm
gonna get crap for saying this but I don't care,
as much as I love Phantasy Star Online, I've played both
online and universe pretty extensively, as much as I do love and respect Phantasy Star
Online,
I think if that game came out now, it would tank. But,
granted, it's unfair to say, well, this game came out 10 years ago, let's hold it
to today's standards.
It was important for what it did 10 years ago and it's always gonna hold a
place in gaming history, but I just think
the problem is Phantasy Star Universe didn't evolve on that as much as it should have,
and that's its biggest weakness. I think they should have a Gauntlet Legends
Online, like a version of Gauntlet Legends where
you can basically throw as many players as you want,
you know, together and it just, the game scales itself based on that, that'd be
pretty awesome.
XLink in our chat room, chat.orangelaundry.com, says,
part 2 for the Phantasy Star Portable is coming out next year. Yeah, that is one
story that didn't make our show world tonight, but that came out of Tokyo Game
Show this week.
They are making a Phantasy Star Portable 2 and that looks pretty cool
that they're doing and that is, the reason why I say that's cool is because it's
going to have online multiplayer,
but even then, what are they gonna do to make the game not so repetitive?
That's my biggest question. Hardcore fans of Phantasy Star Universe are going to
enjoy
Phantasy Star Portable. I don't know if I'm gonna be able to play the game to
completion just because
I'm not seeing enough variety in the game, but we'll see. Sometimes,
sometimes I form these opinions of games then I can't yet, yet I can't put it down.
I probably, I'm traveling again this upcoming week, that's why we're not having a
show next weekend.
I will probably still continue to play this game.
Another game that I played is not really a game and it's a DS
title. I played a game called Personal Trainer Walking.
Yes, tease me all you want. I picked up Personal Trainer Walking because
I've been getting into walking lately. It's like a form of exercise. I like to go on
long walks and I kinda want to see what this game would do for that.
The game comes with a little pedometer. I'm actually really interested in this because I walk
regularly.
It comes with two pedometers actually. They're these little pedometers. You put it in your
little pocket and you carry it with you everywhere you go
and you'll notice that, like as I walk them down, see how the light's flashing red right now?
Just like my old Pikachu. It's because I haven't reached my 3,000 step goal for
the day yet. Once you hit your 3,000 step goal for the day, it turns green.
There really is no game in Personal Trainer Walking. All it does is that you
communicate.
The pedometer has an infrared device and so does the cartridge,
which I thought was very interesting. You hold the device to the cartridge and you
press a little button and it communicates like a graph.
Here's how you walk today. Here's where the hours were that you did the most walking.
If you were an animal, you would be a night owl or you would be a morning deer
or whatever it is.
Owls don't walk. That's stupid. Well, that's kinda smart though.
I don't think it says like that. It's tracking your activity in general.
It is. But here's the thing, and I can't stress this enough,
there is really no game to this. This is a tool.
They did add some frilly little things. You can use your Miis. It's actually the
first DS game where you can actually
take your Miis from your Wii and put it on the DS.
So you can use your Miis in some of the online things, which is...
Take your Miis from your Wii on your DS.
Yes, exactly. It's a poet.
There's these modes where
the number of steps you walk cumulatively will trace these pictures
and you fill up a little globe. It's like a trophy room.
Or you compete, because the game actually comes with two pedometers, so you can
compete with somebody in your own house.
The game will kind of pit you against each other and see
who's generating more power for the house. And then the only online mode that
this thing has is that you
communicate with the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection
and it will send your steps and it will say
this is how many steps the world has walked cumulatively.
You can put it in this mode called Walk the World and you can see how long it
took for everybody to walk from the world
to the moon. And that took about three months. So right now everybody that's
playing personal training is trying to walk to Mars.
And they're about a third of the way to Mars from the moon. That's kind of cool.
Yeah, but it's a little silly. Well, I think it's a fun kind of silly.
That's a little no-be-no-be void. I was just thinking that.
But here's the thing. Here's the thing is that unfortunately
there's a lot more that could have been done here.
What about me getting to compete with my friends?
I also don't think the challenges are particularly that challenging.
3,000 steps in a day, either the device is very generous in what it's
measuring
or, but looking at the graphs I can kind of remember, oh yeah, this is my
lunch. This is when I was walking down to get coffee for the day.
You know, it's kind of funny that you remember those things. But I didn't find 3,000 steps
particularly challenging. I kind of do that in a normal day. Maybe it's because I'm a
teacher and I pace the room as I teach. Well, can you increase it?
No. At least I haven't seen that happen yet. You can set your own goals for
yourself, but the game always challenges you to get to 3,000.
I think it's, from what it seems like, it's actually trying to encourage
an average number of steps. Like, especially if people are,
you know, not really, like, for example, me.
If I'm working at my desk job, I'm not supposed to get up from my desk that much.
I normally wouldn't get up, except I
get up and walk all the time. You know what I mean? It's to encourage people to have a
normal
amount of activity. And I think that's what the game is ultimately trying to do. And I
think the other thing I want to point out is that
the game also, you know, it gives you these little mini goals like,
hey, your mini goal for today, watch the number of calories you consume.
Or go for the longest walk you possibly can today. It does give you little mini goals,
but the game doesn't really reward you or punish you if you don't meet them. You track
them on a calendar, that's it.
I find this game to be an enhancement
to an already, you know, if you think this kind of information is worth it to you,
like, you want to be able to track your walking patterns,
you want a little bit of incentive, go for it. But I think there could have been
a lot more that could have been done with this game.
I don't think it's worth $50. What they should have done, and what I'm
guessing they probably didn't do because this is Nintendo and they take the easy way out,
is they should have been integrated this game where you can track that data
for Wii Fit Plus. They probably didn't do that because then that would mean
effort and they're not going to put that effort in. Yeah, I just,
or I think a better comparison would be EA Active. I think EA Active probably does the
best job that I've seen so far out of all the games that have really given you
like a plan and having you stick to it.
So proceed with caution with personal trainer walking. If you are,
you know, interested in this, I don't think you absolutely need it.
Really what you need, not this game, is Walk It Out from Konami.
A game where you're not only walking, you're fake walking
in a game, listening to music.
So you're basically marching in place. This sounds
idiotic. It's a walking game. It's a rhythm
music game that's walking. You walk to a rhythm, basically.
You know what, that reminds me of what I used to do about
13 years ago when I would stay in my bedroom listening to Sunscream,
if anyone remembers that group. No. I see these in my closet there.
And just jumping around my room like an
idiot with the door closed because that was my exercise. Nice.
So again, proceed with caution with personal trainer walking. I think there is
benefit to be had in it, but at $50, I think that's asking a bit much, even
though it does come with two pedometers.
I want to answer a question in chat, and they didn't change their nickname, but it's a
good question. It's
8283 in our chat room. They get just
barcode numbers. Ask a vet how to change your nickname if you want me to read your real
name in the future.
Do you have to leave your DS on to track it? No. The little pedometer
must have a pretty powerful battery in there because it just works.
You just communicate with your DS once a day, you know, and then
you don't have to leave your DS on at all. The little pedometer is very tiny. It's about the
size
a little larger than a silver dollar, honest. Well, maybe not.
Maybe like a quarter of the size of the iPhone is about how big it is.
And you just leave it in your pocket, and that does all the tracking for you. So
there you go.
All right. We're going to get into some housekeeping real quick, and then we're going to mix it up a
little bit. I want to start tonight with release dates because we want to get to those
before Dark Sakura leaves.
So we'll start tonight with release dates and then get into the normal gaming news.
But some housekeeping tonight. Next week, again, we won't be here live. There will be
a Best Of with new content on the feed
tape, so look out for that. I do also want to say this. This is a bit of
unfortunate news. I don't like having to
kind of go on this and backtrack on something, but
we here at Orange Launch Radio also have personal lives as well, and sometimes
things come up.
There was a charity event that we planned on doing on October 17th for
Extra Life.
We unfortunately are going to have to back out of that, and that's not an easy thing to have to
say or do, especially when you consider it's charity.
However, there is a conflict has arisen with my day job.
It is one I have to do, and I'm sure as you can all understand, work comes first
even before some of these other things. So unfortunately, we will have to back out of
the Extra Life event and not participate.
But, we will make a nice donation on behalf of Orange Launch Radio to one of
the groups
participating. There may yet be something
to be mentioned later. We might do something in the future
that we'll do, but as far as
us doing our show for 24 hours and all that, we're not going to be able to do
that because unfortunately I'm just not going to be available. I have work
commitments.
Yeah, so that's a really sucky thing, but you know,
best of luck to those guys. I think it's for a great cause. We'll certainly be donating
and, you know, again, good luck. I hope we can do our own charity thing
in the winter. Also, I believe Bobby Blackwell's Friday Night Gaming is doing
something in the next couple weeks.
I think they're doing it like two weeks after, and I apologize if I misstating
anything, but I think
he mentioned something about that. So lots of fun charity events coming up,
all for good causes, so keep your eyes out for that.
Okay, we're going to get into release dates tonight. Let's start off, we're a little
bit out of turn tonight. We'll get into long discussion news, but I wanted to get to
release dates before DarkSakura has to go. Let's start off with US,
or you want to start with UK tonight? I could do that, since we're completely going out of order.
Sure, why not? I just have to check on what today is.
Okay, for our UK release dates,
we have on the 29th,
Jam Sessions 2 for DS, and Left 4 Dead Crash Course,
and Tales of Monkey Island, Lair of the Leviathan,
and on the 30th, Fate Unlimited codes.
Also, on the first Fallout 3, Operation Anchorage,
Fallout 3 The Pit, and Gran Turismo for PSP.
There's Beta Raider
on PSP, and Dead Space Extraction,
FIFA 10, Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2,
and Risen for PC. I just want to quickly say, Bobby in chat clarified
his charity event as October 30th. That's him and his Friday Night Gaming
project, so keep an eye out for that. Beta Raider, that's the Timbaland game, right?
on PSP? Yes, it is. Beta Raider. That just sounds vile.
It does a little bit. It's a little bit dirty. Sounds like Beta operator.
Okay, you had to go there. Yes, I did. Why don't we do US next, Loki?
Ah, yes. US, well, we're getting quite a bit of stuff this week.
Starting off with the re-release of Midnight Club LA,
the complete edition with all the download content intact,
available for 30 bucks on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also this week, Tornado Outbreak
on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and the Wii.
Family Feud coming out on the DS
and the PC and Wii. Battle of Giants Dragons
on the Nintendo DS. Also, Animal Kingdom Wildlife Expedition
on the Wii from Tecmo. Family Fun Football
also on the Wii. Ninja Gaiden 2
or Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2, or Gaiden,
sorry, I keep mispronouncing that. Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2
will be coming out this week as well on PlayStation 3.
Hidden Mysteries Titan. Just remember, he's not gay.
He's banging Irene, remember? The old school games? He's getting it on with Irene at the end.
Okay. Alright, just saying.
Anyways, Hidden Mysteries Titanic on the Wii and DS.
My Sims Agents on DS and Wii.
Kinda funny, I found out one of my friends is actually doing the artwork
on the My Sims games, and she's really talented. Family Party
30 Great Games Outdoor Fun on the Wii. Kingdom Hearts 358 slash 2 Days
on the Nintendo DS. On PC, Fallen Earth,
Welcome to the Apocalypse. The Wizard of Oz will be on the Yellow Brick Road
on Nintendo DS this week. Imagine Salon Stylist
on the DS. Really? Really. Do you chop hair with your stylist or something?
I think you do. Undead Knights
on PSP from Tecmo. Deca Sports 2
on the Wii. Valhalla Knights Eldar Saga
on the Wii. And see here.
Gran Turismo PSP.
Coming to the PSP. And
then about a week from today actually
we're gonna be getting Wii Sports, or not Wii Sports, Wii Fit Plus
which will be available in the game only and bundle
that's coming out on the Wii. But the game only is 20 bucks.
Which kinda surprised us. We thought Nintendo might try to gouge a little bit on the
price but they're actually kinda
you know, giving a little break. Only 20 bucks for all the new stuff. Well, the game's exactly the same
except for a few slight changes. Yeah, I hope that they give a break. Well, doesn't it have like an internet thing now?
Which is what I was thinking this personal trainer should have.
You can customize your training
schedule or guests in there and you can also, there's a few more minigames and stuff.
But it's essentially the same damn game just re-released and enhanced.
Alright, fair enough. Dreamer Top Model on DS and wrapping things up.
Risen
on PC. Alright. Quickly going over the Japanese release dates. Coming out on
October 1st
we have Gears of War 2. The Game of the Year edition makes its way.
That's actually in the other Asia regions, not just Japan. So keep an eye out for that.
Also coming out on the 1st of October, X-Edge Dash comes out on the Xbox 360 as
well as
Shin Sangoku Mosu multi-raid special comes out from Koei.
Moving on over to the PlayStation 3.
Pulling up those release dates. Which if I remember correctly, the multi-raid one now,
they actually have added in the costumes from
Ninja Gaiden as well. Yes, and I think that's coming up a little later in the show. Sorry.
No, that's okay. Spoiled it. That's alright. I think it came out of Tokyo Game Show and
I think there's a little vice versa going on. We'll get into that later.
Trinity Universe comes out on the PlayStation 3 also in a limited edition
case if you're looking for that. I'm not sure what kind of game that is. I haven't
even heard of this. It looks like some type of
role-playing game but I guess it's kinda more of a light and fun.
Due to a freak accident during an important ceremony
you are turned into the Puppy Demon Lord. Oh, that sounds unfortunate.
That's on the PlayStation 3.
It looks like it could be interesting.
It's got the Disgaea Penguins in it. What the hell are these things
named? I can't remember.
The little penguin dudes from... God damn it.
Somebody will remember in chat. We have to say goodbye to Dark Sakura by the way.
She's on her way out.
I think that's actually the Trinity thing. I think that's actually one of those
games. It's a cross game where they have the characters from everything.
Prinny! Thank you Jay Dizzle who was first to say it in chat. God, the name was on the tip of my tongue.
I'm gonna go ahead and leave my name in chat just in case anyone wants to send me a message.
Alright. Take care Dark Sakura. Have a good night and hopefully we'll see you when you get back.
I don't know if we'll still be on or not but we'll see.
Should be. Alright. Moving on to some other releases
on the Nintendo Wii
on October 1st. I have a long way to scroll because of all the releases here.
Wii Fit Plus makes its way to Japan. Of course that is also coming with the board
and a mat if you want it.
Dead Space Extraction comes out as well as
some karaoke games are making their way out.
Moving on to...
They're not branded games though. On to the PlayStation 2.
Yes, they are still cranking out the games for PlayStation 2 over there.
They all have very long complicated names. I'll give you a taste of them.
Hiro no Kakeru Shin Tamayori Hime Denshuu comes out.
And also Momosuke Kofu no Misasagi O comes out.
But I know you guys are probably very interested in Beatmania 2DX16
Empress Plus Premium Best. That is coming out in two weeks.
That's like the uber Beatmania 2DX game coming out. That's supposed to have like 150 songs in it.
Like something nuts. That's pretty awesome. Well it's like the last PS2 game I think they're doing.
So, keep an eye out for that. Moving on to the handhelds real quick.
On the Nintendo DS this week.
Nothing I recognize with name stuff by name, but I do notice Blue Dragon is next week.
There's a Blue Dragon game coming out on the DS over there.
Coming out on the PSP if anything this week.
Gran Turismo comes out in Japan just like it's coming out over here on the PSP.
Also Macross Ultimate Frontier.
You know, I actually missed quite a few titles here for the US as well.
Real quick, we're also getting the Beater Raider on the PSP.
There's going to be a new Kebales game, Big Game Hunter 2010 also on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii.
Sideswiped on the DS which looks like a pretty cool kind of full auto game.
Rapala Wii Fish on the Wii.
And Obscure the Aftermath on PSP.
And then some other games, but I'm not going to mention those.
Alright, now we can get into some news.
So we're going to get into tonight's gaming news.
And now it's just Loki and I just holding down the fort over the next few hours.
But you guys in chat as well.
So, Loki's going to steal Jamie's chair.
That chair is way uncomfortable and too small and I'm getting a headache from sitting on it.
Oh no. I'll have to figure out something in the future.
Oh yeah, that's much better.
You know what's funny? I think I have a folding chair in my car, of all places.
I don't care. This chair is much better.
Alright, fair enough. Well, it is her throne after all.
Loki, why don't you start us off with some gaming news tonight?
So, in case you weren't aware, there was a Wii price drop today.
It dropped down to $1.99. It was one of those really well-kept secrets, I guess.
You know, it's not like numerous ads leaked out and leaks everywhere.
Okay, so maybe it wasn't so secret, but it is official now.
And that's kind of cool.
To kind of go along with that though, in Europe, you don't get a price drop. Sorry.
However, you do get a new bundle, and they're going to be including both Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort in that bundle.
So, I guess a little more bang for your buck, which is kind of cool.
You know what's funny? Is that on last week's show, I predicted that that would be a bundle.
So, I was kind of half right, because I kind of meant that it would be a bundle here,
but it ends up that it's going to be a bundle over there.
Yeah, I mean, it's... I don't know. We may see something like that come over here if they're really hurting for sales,
but I don't think that right now they're going to bring it over here.
I don't know if you did see, though, Wii Sports Resort, though, is going to be getting a different bundle over here,
actually, in a few months, where they're going to be including two Wii Motion Pluses with it instead of just one.
So, you get a, you know, a little bit of a savings there as well.
Hoping they'll drive some more sales for that, I guess.
I have to read this little Z-statement in chat first before we discuss this story.
I'm amazed that Suma, in our chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com, says,
Headache for sitting in a chair. Guess we know where Loki's brain was located.
It's a tension headache from my neck, because it's bad posture in that chair, and I have to sit forward,
and there's, I mean, literally, the back of the chair comes up to, like, almost my waist, and that's it.
Yeah, you insensitive ass.
And I had to drive from Oakland, okay? So, that's enough to give you a headache.
Alright, and all's there is this. Loki, is this going to help sales of the Wii over there?
Well, I mean, of course it's going to help sell more Wiis,
but is it going to keep the Wii the number one system this holiday season, you think?
Well, right now, the problem is that they've, I mean, there's already plenty of systems out there,
so they're going to be the number one system. I'm sure this will help.
The Wii's going to be popular anyways.
Software-wise, so there's nothing really, other than New Super Mario Bros. Wii, that's that amazing.
A triple-A title.
There's no real, like, must-have titles coming out this fall.
I mean, there's going to be good titles coming out, but nothing like,
oh my god, it's a new Zelda game, or oh my god, you know, it's, you know.
I guess it's a new Mario game, but, I mean, it's kind of, like,
literally putting in the least amount of effort possible into a Mario game, is what I'm seeing there,
because it's not like, you know, transitioning from, like, Mario World to Mario 64,
where those are completely different, and you can tell that, you know, this was something that they really thought out.
New Super Mario Bros. Wii just seems like,
eh, let's throw, you know, a game where there's four players and stuff like that, and kind of run with it.
And if I remember correctly, isn't that the one that plays the game for yourself, or plays the game for you or something?
Yeah, it has that whole little controversial pause and skip ahead mode,
but I was just going to say, old school is new school, remember?
Yeah.
That's not, I'm not so hung up on the graphics and all that stuff, like, I'm cool with the way they're doing the game.
I actually, I would like to see a Mario game like that.
No, I'm fine with the game being that way. I'm talking, like, the effort put into it.
I'm not saying that they, you know, went and improved the graphics or anything.
I'm saying, like, you know, I guess the example would be, like, you know, Mario 1 to Mario 2 in Japan, okay?
There was some new levels in there, but they didn't go and add anything really new as far as the game and stuff,
you know, whereas Mario 3 was completely new, you know, Mario World was completely new.
It's just, I don't know, this doesn't really seem, like, it's like half-assed releases is what it is.
You know what's funny, though? I think this game is still going to be huge.
You know why? Everybody fucking loves Mario Brothers.
Everybody, and when I say everybody, I don't mean just gamers.
Everybody knows Super Mario Brothers, the old school Nintendo game.
People are retarded. They will buy anything that has Mario in it.
That's why Mario Tennis sells well. It's a fucking tennis game.
But it's got Mario, so I must buy it, you know?
If they came out with, like, and you know what they're going to fucking do?
This is how they're going to sell that crappy Vitality sensor.
It's going to be Mario, like, Dr. Mario's Vitality sensor or some shit like that.
Dr. Mario visits trauma center? What's this?
No, Vitality sensor.
They're going to have, like, a-
If Dr. Mario was a puzzle game, that doesn't get your Vitality.
It doesn't matter. The character Dr. Mario will be in there, you know, because people will be like,
Oh my God, Mario must buy it!
So, I don't know.
Well, it's effort for trying, but it's going to be hard with not that many big releases coming out,
whereas the 360 and PlayStation 3 have a lot of releases coming out that are going to be really big titles.
But you know, then again, you know, the people that buy the Wii aren't necessarily looking for the big titles.
They're just going to buy Mario games.
And honestly, I just want to go on record and say I think this new Super Mario Brothers game is,
for that audience, the game.
You know what I mean? I don't think you're giving it enough credit.
From a gamer perspective, I get what you're saying,
but from an accessibility perspective and selling to the soccer moms of America,
I totally get what they're doing here, and I think the game will sell pretty well.
If it were Mario Galaxy 2 right now, it'd be a little bit different.
Weird that that's not out already.
I mean, they have teased that game that it is coming out, but it's surprising it's not coming out this holiday season.
These are first-party games now. It's only like one or two a month, or not even a month.
It's like, let's say there's some really obscure DS games out there that suck and end up being like something else.
Like, okay, Professor Layton's pretty awesome. Okay, that did well.
Fossil Fighters, though, is exactly the same as this other game that was put out called Fossil League DTS, I think.
And it came out from Sega a while ago.
I mean, it's literally almost exactly the same game.
And it did pretty horrible.
And Legend of, what is it, Legendary Starfie or something like that, which was a series that was only in Japan,
they finally brought it out over here in June, and that tanked as well.
And so there's a lot of DS titles that they keep putting out that really tank, even though they're kind of okay titles.
And then the Wii games, like, you know, I thought Excitebots would have been fucking awesome.
You know, it's a sequel to Excite Truck, and it kind of tanked.
And then Wii Sports Resort, it's doing well.
But I don't think as well as someone would figure for a Wii Sports sequel,
you would think that that thing would be flying off the shelves, like selling millions of copies.
I think it's going to be a gradual sell throughout Christmas.
I think that that's going to be under a lot of Christmas trees this season.
And, you know, Wii Fit Plus, I mean, come on.
It's just, stop releasing the same damn games.
Do something absolutely new. Something groundbreaking.
Again, I think all these games, the new Super Mario Brothers, the Wii Sports Resort, the Wii Fit Plus,
these games are going to show up under many Christmas trees this holiday season.
Those games are still going to sell very well.
And I get, believe me, as a hardcore gamer, I get what you're saying.
They cashed out. That's what they did. They cashed out.
They sold out.
They sold out.
But you know what? They're making, they're shitting money at this point.
Can you blame them? Can you blame them?
Exactly. But it's the point, you know, just like a musician, you know,
you get to the point where you're so rich that you can go and do those crazy ass things
because if they fail, it doesn't matter. You're fucking rich.
So that's the thing. They need to go out and start doing the crazy shit.
But no, they're playing it safe.
They need to take out the motorbike and they need to try and jump the shark.
And you can't play it safe and win American Idol. Okay.
I never thought the wife getting you into American Idol would ever help your perspectives here on the program,
but you just proved me wrong.
Hey, I want to read some comments from the chat room.
And there was an interesting perspective from Tiger Claw in our chat room
at chat.orangestonesradio.com talking about the Mario being hoarded in all the different games.
They did soccer, baseball, and tennis.
The next game would have to be Mario hockey.
Now wouldn't that be fun? You could just clock Mario in the face in a ringside fight.
I think that's why they haven't done Mario hockey.
They haven't done Mario hockey, yeah.
And because hockey is just not popular right now.
I mean, as far as a game, hockey and sadly enough, soccer are just the dogs of sports games.
And soccer or football around the world is literally the biggest sport worldwide.
But in the Americas, it sucks balls.
Or at least in North America.
Is it big in Japan?
It is big in Japan, yes.
Football is really big in Japan.
But baseball is really big in Japan.
Yeah, baseball is huge in Japan.
And it's just, over here, it's just tanks.
But they had Mario Strikers.
And it did okay.
But, you know, not...
Well, what else to sell to soccer moms but a soccer game?
They had Mario Football, you know, or something like that.
I don't know, maybe that would sell better.
But it's just...
And then again, it doesn't matter because it has Mario in it.
Seriously, when I'm selling this to my customers, you know, if I said,
Hey, look, it's Mario Dodgeball or something, or not even dodgeball.
Let me think of a crappier sport.
Mario Curling, okay?
And they'd be like, Oh, Mario, I'm buying that.
You know, it could be something completely crappy.
Wow.
You know, Mario Water Polo or Mario...
Hey, we might have some water polo players that kind of resent that remark you're making.
What they need is like a Mario snowboarding game.
That'd be pretty sweet.
How about another Mario Paint?
That's what I want to see.
Oh, yeah.
And where the fuck is that damn Bob Ross game that they promised us from a long-ass time ago?
Where the hell is that shit?
Did it get canceled?
Didn't we have a story on that a while back that got canceled?
It's a painting game.
Come on.
It's perfect.
All right.
And I do know that they do have a Mario snowboarding game.
It's Mario and Sonic, but whatever.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about something besides Mario.
But we will stay on the topic of price drops, and we'll talk about Microsoft.
Granted, we already know that the Xbox 360 recently got a price drop.
But there, of course, is a mole out there that helps out the website Ars Technica.
And apparently, they had reported earlier this week that there was going to be some
other types of price drops going on.
And apparently, there's going to be a holiday bundle that includes Pure and Lego Batman
with an Xbox 360 Elite, kind of like a little bundle coming out over there, which apparently
Joystick has their own mole.
That's Joystick with a Q.
They've got a picture of what it looks like, although it looks like it might be like an
Australian box because of the ratings on the cover there.
You have the banner that they have.
The other ones are US.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
So once pictures surface, you kind of know that's going to happen.
I don't think it was Photoshopped either.
It looked pretty legit.
Yeah.
Also, supposedly getting a price drop over in Microsoft's world, the 802.11n adapter.
I'm sorry.
That is the new one because it's n.
That's coming out for $100.
The G is getting the price drop to $79.99.
Still way too damn expensive.
For a feature that you should consider that the PlayStation 3 has built into it.
And seriously, you could go buy a wireless switch or whatever way cheaper than that,
and it would work perfectly.
Yeah.
I have a non-Xbox 360 router.
I have a wireless gaming router that's supposed to work with all my systems that I just basically
run a CAT5 from my box to this gaming router, and it works fine.
It works perfect.
And when I had my PlayStation 2 online once in a while for the DDR games that were online
and Amplitude and stuff, I would just switch out the CAT5 from the Xbox and the PlayStation
2 and it worked fine.
It worked great.
Yeah.
So, you know.
And I think the original Xbox I would use that with too.
So it worked great for all those systems.
Well, they overcharge for everything.
I mean, look at how much their fucking hard drives are.
And hard drives are damn cheap.
You know, for a hundred bucks, you can get a terabyte now.
So, why is it a hundred dollars for a hundred and twenty gigs?
You know, seriously.
Bring down the price.
Some comments in chat.
ACDEF says there's going to be a bundle that includes the wireless adapter, a media controller,
one thousand Microsoft points, and three months of live.
Yes.
And it looks like a big box of popcorn.
How cute.
I guess is that targeted at the Netflix audience?
Probably.
Probably.
All right.
Again, if you want to join our chat room, chat.orangelaunchery.com as we tape on this
lovely Sunday evening at allgames.com.
No, it's not too big of a surprise.
I mean, because the Japanese love their Final Fantasy.
So, of course.
I love my Final Fantasy.
I'm with Japan there.
I do too.
And, you know, announced at Tokyo Game Show to go along with the going to be, you know,
epic release of Final Fantasy 13.
Of course, the Final Fantasy 13 PlayStation 3.
Oh, but it gets better.
It's also got 250 gigabyte hard drive.
Yes.
Apparently the FCC doesn't lie.
Oh, but wait a second.
The FCC is only in the U.S.
So, maybe that's coming out over here later on.
But it is.
Oh, interesting.
But it is coming out in Japan.
It's got...
Fuck!
I wish I'd waited for the PlayStation 3 then.
If they're going to release a Final Fantasy 13 one here.
That sounds awesome.
And it dropped in price.
But anyways.
Does yours have backwards compatibility?
No.
I have like the crappiest PlayStation 3 possible.
It's a fat and it doesn't have backwards compatibility.
And I bought it six months before the price dropped.
I'm just praying mine doesn't die.
Because I've got full backwards compatibility.
And I use it.
Never.
Hmm.
Well, you know, backwards compatibility might be coming back.
But that's in the future.
We'll get to that story later.
Not a big thing.
At a price.
Anyways.
So this new system is going to be coming out for 41,600 yen.
And also it's got...
It basically looks like a white, possibly silver system with like a pink silkscreen on it.
So a little bit on the fruity side there.
If you ask me.
I would think a black silkscreen.
Which makes it awesome.
A black silkscreen would look better.
It would show up better.
Because it's a little hard to see.
But then also of course with a matching white controller and that kind of thing.
And to go along with that though.
There's going to be some more bundles coming out.
Of course not in the US because god forbid we actually announce something over here.
They're going to be having a 250GB system for quite a few different games.
Including the new Ratchet and Clank, Crack in Time.
Also Assassin's Creed 2, FIFA 10, Need for Speed Shift, and Uncharted 2.
And these are all kind of leaked out of a Norwegian GameStop database.
Wow.
Yes.
So you better believe if they're getting it over there we're probably going to get it over here.
Maybe not that many bundles.
That would be really freaking crazy.
In time for Christmas though right?
I'm sure we'll get something.
They're going to announce something in time for Christmas.
Just a cash in on that I guess.
I don't know.
Well you know if you see Xbox 360 getting one.
You know that Playstation 3 is going to have one as well.
Not necessarily.
I mean they do one every year.
They've done it for the last three years with the Xbox 360.
You know this year they're actually.
Because the arcade I think last year had one game bundled with it.
And then the other ones had two.
They had the Kung Fu Panda and Lego Indiana Jones.
These games we had a million extra copies of sitting over here.
Actually the Lego one sold pretty good huh?
But that Kung Fu Panda couldn't have been a huge.
It's actually supposed to be pretty good.
Is it?
Yeah.
I'll shut up.
It's like my kids first action game.
Alright.
Loki is now going to take us to the next story.
Which is probably in my opinion.
I think kind of the biggest news story this week.
Even though it is a huge fat rumor right?
It's not a fat rumor.
It's absolutely true.
And the reason why it's absolutely true.
Is it's coming from Sega's FTP site.
It just got leaked out there.
And they're like oh shit.
Pulled it back.
But it's absolutely true.
It's their minutes from a meeting that they had.
Now there's a few things in there that don't really make any sense.
But for a while though they did have a link straight to that file on their FTP site.
Were you able to grab it when it was up there?
I wasn't able to grab it.
I wasn't able to get it either.
But they have it basically transposed on here so.
It's everything you know.
But here's what it did entail though.
Lots of new.
Back up.
So this was from a meeting between Sega and Sony.
Apparently that occurred.
This was like the minutes.
August 6th.
We're sitting on the FTP.
I guess August 5th was when the meeting was.
And then August 6th they kind of you know.
Put a new draft or something up there.
But basically it covered a bunch of different stuff.
It also mentioned PlayStation 2 emulation on the PlayStation 3.
Also saying that they want to sell PlayStation 2 titles on the PlayStation Network.
We knew it.
And some other things.
So let's run down the list here real quick.
Let's see.
So the motion controller.
They were talking a little bit about that.
A lot of stuff that was pretty much at Tokugame show.
Mentioned it's coming out in the spring.
Which I think they've already mentioned anyways.
You know seeing that they can differentiate with a PlayStation.
Or different PlayStation Skew or something like that with it.
Talking about Alpha Protocol.
Planet 51.
Let me see here.
Let's get through the good stuff.
Let's see.
PlayStation 2 emulator for PlayStation 3.
Confidential.
Don't leak this out.
Apparently they want to sell all PlayStation 2 titles on the PlayStation Network.
See how that works.
Why bother giving you a free update that includes the emulator for your system.
When we can sell you every single game all over again for a price.
But it's weird they're going to.
I mean you know we kind of saw this coming.
But isn't it weird though that they're going to have some PlayStation 3's out there that can just do it.
And some that can't.
I mean that's so weird.
I would hope that.
I mean if they were sporting like that.
I would hope that they would actually update it like they did with the PlayStation.
Well actually I think the original PlayStation 3's had the PlayStation 1 emulation already built into it.
They still do.
Mine will still play PS1 games.
Yeah they'll still play it because the software emulation is built in there.
But this is something they could add with a patch.
If it's running through software where you could be able to play the PlayStation 2 games straight from your drive.
They're just not because they're assholes.
Well we don't know.
But we're assuming.
You are making an assumption here.
We don't know this for sure.
I'm making an assumption.
And the memo's not even out.
But we're kind of making an assumption based on just how long we've been following the gaming industry.
And what we just kind of expect is going to happen.
Sony's going to find a way to cash in on this and that's why.
I don't anticipate them being generous with that.
Do you remember a theory I had a while ago that the PSP Go.
Because I was like why the hell would.
I mean honestly we're trying to find reasons to buy a PSP Go.
We can't think of anything.
Don't get me wrong.
PSP 3000.
I can think of plenty of reasons to get that.
PSP Go can't really think of one.
Unless you need a smaller system.
I guess that would be one.
But I had theorized a while ago.
What if the PS2 games you can only play on the PSP Go.
But the thought is no there's no real change in the hardware on the PSP Go.
So what have you.
But that would make a little more sense to me.
And it's a little weird that they are going to lose one big perk about the PS1 games paying for them on the PlayStation Network.
Because that is one thing you can't do.
Even if you have the PS1 disc.
You can't just beam it to your PSP.
You can only do that with the downloaded ones.
Yeah.
And the thing I could see them adding the backwards compatibility.
Because really the PlayStation 2 is at the end of its life cycle.
You know a lot of game series already have cut their PlayStation 2 versions.
It's slowly dying out.
It'll probably be gone by the end of next year.
But I don't know.
It's just interesting.
Alright.
And then other things that's interesting.
They were talking about the possibility of import games coming out over here.
Which is kind of neat.
So it might be neat to see some of those over there.
And they're saying that also with the PlayStation 2 emulation.
I guess they're saying.
Now this doesn't make any sense because it's all abbreviated.
But it says for company marketing money show PlayStation 3 controller on TV ads.
Similar to the sports spots.
I don't even know what the hell that means.
PSP titles.
Massive franchises.
I don't know.
But get to the good stuff.
I don't know.
All this is pretty boring.
What about the Dreamcast stuff?
I remember that was in there.
Something about the Dreamcast games are going to be coming to the PlayStation 3, right?
Wasn't that something that was in there?
Yeah.
I'd rather read the abbreviated stuff here.
Definitely they were talking about the Dreamcast stuff coming in.
The possibilities of Japanese import games.
And the possibility of Dreamcast titles on the PlayStation Network.
But it was interesting because they talked about exclusive.
So that maybe that might give away that they're going to come out on Xbox 360 as well.
But that they might have kind of an exclusive window on PlayStation 3.
Yeah.
Because there was also something on here that was talking about the.
They were going to be doing a Sonic anniversary title with a bunch of the old Sonic games on one Blu-ray disc.
And they were saying the best of Sonic around $100 is what it would cost.
I wouldn't buy a game for $100.
I don't care how many Sonic games it has on there.
I just want to say, I don't think the DC Dreamcast emulator is as big of a deal as some might make it out to be.
Because there already are ways out there that you can get the Dreamcast games emulated.
Like GameTap has some of the Dreamcast games available on it.
And since the PS3 is supposed to basically be a computer, right?
And the Xbox 360 is to an extent too.
It's not surprising that they're able to emulate Dreamcast on it.
And they are giving them the option to be exclusive on the PlayStation 3.
It says if we give them a long period of exclusivity, they will give us more marketing support.
And it says if we provide a list of Dreamcast titles, Sony will let us know which ones they're interested in having exclusively.
So there may be some that you see exclusive because they're going to go where the money is.
So it makes perfect sense.
How about a patch that lets my PS3 read my Dreamcast discs? Wouldn't that be amazing?
Yeah, too bad Dreamcast discs are a proprietary technology. I know that's not going to happen, but a man can dream.
Not that proprietary. I mean, shit, I can read them on my computer.
Was there something special to them, though, where you had to compress some Dreamcast games to fit on a CD?
Because they actually held somewhere between a CD and a DVD.
It was like GD-ROM or something, right?
Yeah, that was the whole thing they were saying.
Oh, I'm thinking Saturn, my mistake.
Yeah, I remember they were saying that it's unhackable and stuff like that.
I remember actually going to a thing and there was some guy from Sega there, one of the developers or something like that,
talking about how their disc format was unhackable and everything.
This was the same time I'm playing burn discs on my Dreamcast. I'm going, you're full of shit.
But anyways, yeah, interesting. All that's true.
I think a lot of it is still, you have to consider, is in negotiation.
That doesn't mean all of this is happening tomorrow or at the end of the year.
You were talking about talks between two companies and this whole leak might also change things dramatically.
Heads are rolling over this shit right now about the fact that this got out on the internet, whoever uploaded it.
Even if it was an accident. I mean, it's going to be huge.
And could actually damage the relationship between the two companies.
Although I think ultimately, you know...
Sony just can't keep a secret.
To be fair, neither can Microsoft.
Well, I know, I understand it, but a big nugget like that with backwards compatibility, or the whole PlayStation...
They really got screwed at E3 this year. Remember how Jack Trenton came out there and he was like,
Hey, there's one thing you didn't spoil, Final Fantasy XIV, huh?
You didn't see that one coming, did you?
Everything else got screwed on, but at least we got to allow you once.
That was fun.
Remember that?
Hey, speaking of Sony, it is official, there will be no UMD conversion program for the PSP Go.
Meaning, if you wanted to convert your UMD discs, they were talking about this whole, you know, you could do a kiosk and all this stuff.
Eh, not happening.
It all boils down to it, actually, the way it's phrased kind of makes sense.
Let me read the quote here.
We were evaluating a UMD conversion program due to legal and technical reasons we will not be offering the program at this time.
This was a Sony Computer Entertainment of America spokesperson in an interview with Kotaku.
But, not surprising, the reasons that kind of when you further get into it have to do with the game distribution licensing and probably the agreements with the developers.
It actually makes sense.
I mean, it doesn't, it doesn't.
I think they could go back and get a lot of these games to be transferable, but it's probably a violation of whatever contracts they have with developers.
Although it still sucks, it doesn't tell you.
That's not my problem that you have these issues with your contracts.
Exactly, exactly.
It's kind of what it boils down to.
However, it is your problem because I'm not buying your system.
Now, I do want to point out, though, that there will be doing a type of incentive program in Europe.
It's called the PSP Go Rewards, and if you get a PSP Go by March 31st, 2010, and I think you have to connect your old PSP model to the PlayStation Network,
so it's like they know you have both, basically.
It's not just for buying the machine, you have to connect your old one.
You will get three free UMD, I'm sorry, UMD-less games, but they are from a list.
You don't get any old games.
You have to pick from a list that includes Killzone Liberation, Wipeout Pure, Patapon, some of the Buzzbrain and Buzzmaster games, and so forth.
You know, it's more of an incentive than we're getting here, at least.
But still, I mean, even with the three free games, I'm kind of sitting here going, eh.
So let me get this straight.
Your system is more expensive.
There's no way for me to transfer my old games that I bought to this new system.
The system doesn't do anything differently.
I can't play my UMD games on it.
But it's chic, and it's new technology, and it fits in your pocket.
It's not really new technology.
It's like an iPhone, but no home.
But it's got PSP Minis.
Oh, wait, I can get this on the 3000, or the 2000, or any other PSP system out there.
I'm sorry.
It's just like, there's no reason for anyone to buy this.
And I'm afraid that's what's going to happen.
You're either the people that have to have every system buying it, or want this system because it's new and it has a slidy screen.
Whoop the shit.
And then that's it.
It's going to die a slow death.
I think this system is going to bomb terribly.
And I'm not saying that as a fanboy.
I'm saying that as a, I can imagine, people going into their local GameStopper game crazy,
just knowing the type of people that usually work there at the front desk making decent recommendations.
There's going to be a lot of these people that say, you know what?
They're going to be telling parents looking to buy these systems for kids.
And the parents are going to be saying, what's the difference between the two?
You know, the folks that work there, I think most of the time are going to get the honest answer of, eh, not much.
If they're smart, they'd be like this.
Okay, listen.
You can get this game, but he can't get any games unless he actually has an online account, a credit card.
That's where it comes in.
A credit card, you need a credit card or these points cards.
And the parents are going to say, fuck that.
And it's in GameStop or GameCrazy's best interest to sell the ones that require the discs anyway, right?
And on top of that, I mean, come on, on top of that, and I hope this doesn't happen over here,
because really it's just like, you did what?
On top of that, they're dropping the price of the 3,000.
What?
Are you stupid?
I mean, the system's more expensive.
Well, no, that's great, because the PSP 3,000 is the system you should be getting.
Exactly.
And I would recommend you get it.
Exactly, but it's like you're not going to sell more PSP Go's.
It's like they're putting it out there to get people to go, well, you know, hey, I want a PlayStation Portable,
but I'm not buying this Go.
I'm going to buy the 3,000.
Ha, we tricked you.
You bought a PlayStation Portable.
Seriously, yeah, I can't see any GameStop employee or whatever recommending the PSP Go when they can say,
okay, listen, you can get a 3,000 and you can get a game or two for the same price,
which would look better when they're just stocking, I think, the system with a couple games.
Yeah, I'm very curious to see how the sales figures look.
This system comes out this week, right?
It's this week that the PSP goes out, right?
Yeah, it's coming a week.
All right.
On to another story about Squeenix teaming up with PopCap.
That's right, the king company of role-playing games and the king company of casual games are teaming up.
It's a game called Gyromancer.
The interesting thing about this, Gyromancer is basically Bejeweled Twist,
which came out earlier this year from PopCap,
but Square Enix is kind of putting their own spin on it, making it kind of an RPG-ish type of game.
I would imagine to cash in on the Puzzle Quest fever a little bit,
although obviously Bejeweled Twist is a very different game.
Even though it says Bejeweled, the whole concept of you actually move the pieces around
kind of changes the whole puzzle element drastically.
Yeah, I told Nellie about this, thinking, hey, Bejeweled.
Puzzle Quest is basically Bejeweled anyways, but this is Bejeweled for reals with an RPG.
She's like, oh, that's kind of cool.
Then I said, oh, yeah, but it's Bejeweled Twist.
She's like, oh, I'm going to play in it.
She hates Bejeweled Twist.
Really?
You can't even play Bejeweled Twist online, can you?
I thought you can on Facebook, can you?
No, that's Bejeweled Blitz.
That's the one-minute version.
Oh, that's right.
I did tell her about what Bejeweled Twist was.
I'm like, well, it's different because you have to twist four things around.
She's like, oh, I'm not doing that.
Well, we'll see.
She's been playing Bejeweled Blitz like fucking crazy.
I know she's been beating my scores.
She's been just sitting there playing it all the time.
It's addictive.
It's addictive.
I'm telling you, right up with I always say don't discount iPhone gaming and all this other stuff,
don't discount Facebook gaming.
This is the future of casual gaming right there.
The casual MMOs are Mafia Wars, Vampire Wars, Sorority Life, all that crap on Facebook.
That is what all the non-gamers are playing.
Look at your friends list.
If you have non-gamers at your friends list, look at the amount of Facebook games they're playing.
And the moms playing Farm Town and Bejeweled Blitz, like, gamers, look out.
This Facebook games thing is going to be huge.
Hopefully there's some good news for us in there too, but I'm just saying.
Even I play Bejeweled Blitz.
It's fun.
It's a nice little time waster.
It's only a minute.
I can totally respect what PopCap is doing.
Actually, they're a pretty cool company all things considered.
Anyhow, moving on.
Yes.
Let's see.
Rock Band 2.
I've been waiting for a patch for this for a while now.
I remember they were talking about the Lips mic support and that kind of stuff coming.
Finally here.
Now you can actually use your Lips microphones with Rock Band 2, which is awesome.
I was thinking about getting some extra microphones for Beelz Rock Band.
Then again, I still have my old Karaoke Revolution mic.
It's funny.
We're actually clearing out some old-ass games that we've been just sitting on.
One of the games that we have is the Naked Brothers Band.
They have a Karaoke game.
We're selling it for $5.
I forgot that was even a musician.
Exactly, but it's got a USB microphone.
A lot of those USB microphones, regardless of what system they're on, will work with Rock Band 2.
We used, at my birthday party, the old PlayStation 2 Karaoke Revolution mic.
It worked flawlessly.
I noticed at Fry's, next to the Rock Band 2 games, they sell just regular USB mics in the same section.
Seriously, if you got a microphone from Karaoke Revolution, pretty much anything.
They're all using those stupid Logitech mics.
Just give it a shot.
It probably will work if you're looking for an extra mic.
Beyond all that stuff, they've also added in some new...
They tweaked the hammer-ons and pull-offs. Apparently, something that they had improved for the Beals Rock Band is now being added into Rock Band 2.
Also, audition mode, which will allow people on the Rock Band network to be able to upload the songs that they've created from their PCs to test them out in the game.
Before they upload them into Rock Band Network and stuff like that, you can actually check it out.
That's kind of cool.
Also, some other cool stuff.
You'll be able to actually download songs in the background, which is pretty cool.
I hated having to wait for songs to download while I'm sorting through stuff and listening to things.
Now, you'll be able to do that in the Rock Band store.
Also, they're going to have some enhancements for the Ion drum kits.
Now, they will have velocity-sensitive drum fills and freestyle mode, which is kind of cool.
Also, in the sort menu, you may now arrange the songs according to star rating that you've achieved in each of them.
Also, unplayed songs will be grouped together accordingly.
So, that's kind of cool.
There's another reason for me to get my Xbox 360 working again so I can patch Rock Band 2 and have fun with that.
Victoria was over the other day and wanted to play, but it couldn't happen, sadly.
Speaking of music games, this is an interesting one.
I think this is coming out of Tokyo Game Show.
I'm not sure, but this is definitely a very Japanese game.
Taiko no Tatujin, known over here as Taiko Drum Master.
They are going to be making a version for the Wii.
What I think is cute about it is that it's going to come with an inflatable drum peripheral.
The one on the PS2 had an actual little drum, but this one that's on the Wii is going to be an inflatable drum.
Despite all the fact that we give a lot of crap to all these different Wii peripherals coming out,
I think for the game this is, that's actually kind of a cute idea,
is to have a little, basically inflated like a beach ball, they're saying, little drum peripheral to come with it.
I think that helps for storage and everything.
Does it do anything? I mean, because I know, I think in the game you just use the remotes, right?
Doesn't it still have the sensors on it or what have you?
I think it's just using the Wii remote.
No, they say the Wiimote hovers inside of the inflated device and taps get registered through the vibrations on either side.
So it does kind of work with the Wiimote a little bit.
That's kind of a cute idea.
So, you know, there are some good news about peripherals and some things out there that we're not eyeing at it.
It's no right, it's, what is it, no rocking horse chair thing, you know.
Yeah.
But it kind of sounds kind of cute.
One more story for you guys and then we're going to get into the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura's not here tonight, so Loki or myself gets to pick, we'll tell you who in a minute.
Scratch the Ultimate DJ.
Man, haven't heard about that game in a while, but they've announced a few more tracks coming out available now,
including, and of course this is all going to be R&B stuff, Push It, Salt-N-Pepa, Friends, Houdini.
I hope it's the Glee version of Push It.
Have you been watching Glee? Surely the wife is making you watch Glee.
She's been watching Glee, but I think...
You've been resisting.
Well, I've been working on the cabinet and other things, so, you know, the first time it was on I was making bacon for the bacon party,
and then last week I think I was working on a cabinet.
It's not bad. It's cheesy as hell, but a lot of TV should be, you know?
Yeah.
Okay, so Gifted starring NASA featuring Kanye West, Santo Gold, and Like Lee.
I'm going to let you finish, but Hip Hop Master was the best hip hop game in the US of all time.
Looking Fly by The Mers, Skanky Panky, Kid Koala, Ice Lightning by RJD2,
They Reminisce Over You by Pete Rock and Seal Smooth,
and Life in a Cage by The Nux.
And of course that also was added to the previously announced artists and license tracks,
which I'll read now since there's only four of them.
Peter Piper, Rendium C, Feel Good Inc. by The Gorillaz, Hot in Here by Nelly, and Mastermind by Deltron33.
As much as this isn't like my preferred genre of music, there are some very catchy, dancy party songs in here.
I am curious about this game.
This is yet another one that got pushed back to 2010, though, after the whole lawsuit and mess and studio change and all that, right?
It's probably a good thing anyways. There's too many damn music games coming out this fall.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, well guys, we are getting towards the end of part A tonight, but not before we cover the classic video game of the week.
The classic game of the week is the part of the show where Dark Soccer gets to go into the vault and choose a video game from her archives,
that she thinks you all should be playing this week.
But guess what? She ain't here.
So that means Loki and myself get to pick.
We usually trade off, and going back to the Wikia, it looked like Loki had the last pick.
He did Super Mario Kart a couple months ago.
So tonight is my pick, and I have chosen a game.
I decided with Dark Soccer doing a lot of Sega, console kind of games lately,
I was actually going to go for a PC game tonight, so I picked a PC game as the classic game of the week.
And the game I have picked as tonight's classic game of the week is...
Railroad Tycoon.
Now look, I fucking love Railroad Tycoon because it was made by Sid Meier,
and you know he is a god amongst PC gaming.
He made the Civilization series.
He made a game I actually really like a lot on the PC that I almost picked for tonight,
but I couldn't find a good YouTube of it anywhere, called Covert Action.
And when I was thinking about it, I was like, you know what?
Railroad Tycoon, especially the deluxe version, I spent hours upon hours playing this as a kid.
So let me tell you a little bit about Railroad Tycoon.
Why, you listen to the music from Railroad Tycoon deluxe there in the background.
There were two different ones. We'll get into that in a minute.
But Sid Meier's Railroad Tycoon, this was basically a game where you would assume the role as the leader of a new company.
You would basically build railroads on a particular map.
You could play as the US Old West, you could play as the Midwest, the Northeast.
You could even do England, Europe, whatever.
You basically manage the business, you manage where the trains are going to go,
you build industries and basically transport goods from one end to another.
It's kind of a strategical game, but it was cool because you kind of built your own little empire
and it was very kind of single player.
You know, they didn't have a lot of multiplayer in it.
That didn't show up really until Civilization kind of a little later on.
But it was a cool little strategy game that you could kind of play on your own.
And yes, I realize the sound effects are very spotty in the back, but this game came out in 93.
There wasn't a lot on PC back then. This game did not come out on CDs.
Did the train just hit a dog in a car?
No, I think it's like cheering and stuff.
Basically you start with one million dollars, half of it is equity, half is loan.
You sell $500,000 bonds at various interest rates.
That's how you continue to make cash in the game.
By the way, the original Railroad Tycoon, and one reason I bring this up is the classic game of the week,
it is actually free because when they went back and released a sequel to the game later on called Railroads,
they actually made the original Railroad Tycoon free.
And I'm not sure if you can still get it on the website,
but it was basically free out there on the internet for you to download.
So you can hear some ambient music of building the tracks between the different towns there.
It looks like right now they're playing on a South African map,
and they're kind of connecting Johannesburg with some other towns there.
Railroad Tycoon, of course, got a reskinning and a redone version called Railroad Tycoon Deluxe.
That was released in 93.
It basically upped the graphics from the 16 color level they were at in the original to more VGA graphics,
but unfortunately the game was very buggy.
I don't remember it being super buggy,
but they do say that the game ended up getting very buggy in certain parts of the ending.
Sid Meier, by the way, had nothing to do with the Deluxe version even though his name was in the game.
His name was removed from future releases of the game,
Railroad Tycoon 2 and Railroad Tycoon 3.
I think what's very notable about Railroad Tycoon 2 is that the game actually came out on the Dreamcast.
It was one of the few console versions of the game to come out.
It kind of took a more isometric perspective to the game,
but it was still basically the same thing at heart, just a little more involved and so on.
Railroad Tycoon 3 had a full 3D environment.
You could build overpasses, tunnels, totally improved graphics,
but honestly none of the sequels really kind of, I think, reached the way the original did.
Sid Meier did come back to do a sequel to the game in 2006.
It was Sid Meier's Railroads.
It was basically different scenarios and trains that you could do.
It was a little less focused on industry.
It had a more streamlined interface for doing the track laying,
but it was more focused on the full 3D graphics and some real-time gameplay.
So that is my classic game of the week.
I know there's not a whole lot else to say about it,
but I think it's a game you just kind of have to check out.
Yes, Choo Choo.
It was fun to kind of build the different buildings
and watch your station get bigger and bigger and watch the new trains
because you get to pick the cars that were with it and how much they would transport.
It's very much a micromanaging game, but it's a lot of fun
and one of my favorite strategy games of all time, Railroad Tycoon.
The one I spent the most time on was Railroad Tycoon Deluxe,
but we'll just call the whole Railroad Tycoon series my classic game of the week.
Did you ever play Railroad Tycoon, Loki?
No.
No? Did you play any of the Sid Meier games at all?
I don't think so.
It is, by the way, kind of ironic that I picked this game as the classic game of the week
because last week, while we weren't here live,
I was getting drunk in Southern California,
and I was actually at some... I wasn't at Disneyland at the time.
I was at some mall in Orange, and I don't remember.
I think it might have just been called the Mall of Orange.
Maybe some of you SoCal folks know what this is,
but I was so drunk that there's this little train that they drive around the complex
that little kids get to ride it, and it's not on a track or anything.
It just kind of drives around and takes kids on,
but I was convinced that the train was trying to run over me,
so I was like, Melody, we've got to run away from the train.
It's coming. It's coming.
And she was laughing her ass off because I was really, really drunk
at this place called the Alcatraz Brewery,
which really cracked me up because it was like...
Remember when the Simpsons went to America Town?
That's what it felt like because we're from Northern California,
and we go to San Francisco a lot, I'm sure.
It was kind of funny seeing the big replica of the Golden Gate
inside the building and just all this stuff,
all the little tie-ins with NorCal terms, so it was cute.
So there you go. Anyhow, sorry for my tangent.
That was your classic game of the week, Railroad Tycoon.
We're going to take a quick break,
but we will be back with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are not done yet. We've got more news coming up in Part B.
Part B tonight we're going to talk about some rapid-fire news,
including another big game delayed until 2010.
PlayStation Room we're going to talk about after the break,
and World of Warcraft went down for a couple months.
Thank God it didn't happen here or places probably would have burned down.
We'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening,
September the 27th of 2009 for the second half of our show.
The tape's live every Sunday night on All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
They've got a lot of great programming every night at All Games Radio.
I know they even have some new shows, and I think they're kind of restructuring
a lot of things over there. I don't know how much I'm allowed to say,
but I think there's going to be some new shows coming in and so forth into 2010.
It will be a lot of fun, so check that out.
A good family over there at allgames.com, All Games Radio.
We are here for Part B of our show.
It's myself and Loki here tonight holding down the fort.
DarkSakura was with us earlier, but she had to cut out a little early tonight.
She might be back if we're still taping at 9.30 Pacific,
but usually we don't go quite that late. We'll see.
We were just going to press forward, though, with our show tonight.
I just wanted to say, though, when you do listen live on All Games Radio,
we play some music during the break.
We can't do that during the podcast because we don't have the permissions to do so.
Even though live radio rules are a little different than downloading,
we are allowed to play some stuff live.
I just want to say we played the Guild Wars theme.
It was the last song we had coming out of that.
That guy Jeremy Soule, I don't know if it's Soule or Soleil,
he does some awesome orchestral music.
Between that and Oblivion, I really enjoy his stuff.
It really sounds like listening to a movie.
I want to play Guild Wars sometimes just to hear the music.
It's pretty awesome.
I just want to give him props because I think he did some really great work there.
I think he did the music for Prey, too.
That was one of the best parts of Prey was the soundtrack.
I know a lot of people didn't play that game,
but all things considered,
that was a shooting game made for people that really fucking suck at shooters.
It was perfect. It just ended abruptly.
The story kind of just cut off.
I think development was probably cut off of that game
because that game was going on Duke Nukem Forever time to make.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's get back into some gaming news tonight.
We're going to start off with some rapid fire stories. Loki.
Yes. Final Fantasy VIII is out on the PlayStation Network in Japan.
So you better believe that it will be out over here probably soon enough.
They did something similar with Final Fantasy VII,
but you know, of course, with the whole Tokyo Game Show thing going on,
it makes sense.
Disney. There was that rumor of the Epic Mickey game.
Well, Disney is set to make an announcement in London on the 28th of October.
People think it's going to be this announcement.
Apparently there was also a teaser in Game Informer saying that this announcement is coming as well.
Could it be something that's on the cover of the next Game Informer?
We'll have to wait and see.
Something epic will be announced probably.
God of War, the collection that's going to be coming out later this fall,
is actually going to also include the God of War 3 demo.
That makes perfect sense. You're buying the first two games again.
Let's check out the demo.
Sweep the pot a little bit for the people who already own God of War 1 and 2.
Exactly. I think you definitely owe it to yourself to play these games if you haven't yet.
That would be worth checking out, I think.
And finally, something for free.
Yes, if you have LittleBigPlanet, you will be able to soon pick up Viking costumes for your Sackboy.
These will be coming soon.
They've actually got a website that you need to go to to go through this.
It's Family Zone, which is a cross promotion with Sony Pictures.
You're going to be able to go to the website.
They actually have a link here.
Actually, the PlayStation site. US.PlayStation.com slash Sony Wonder Games.
And then you just go there. There's a button to redeem a code and you can get the free Viking costumes.
So it's not something you can just go on PlayStation Network and download, unfortunately.
No, that's stupid.
Whatever. Cross promotion, I guess.
Well, as Loki spoiled earlier in the show, there is a little bit of crossover going on between Ninja Gaiden and Dynasty Warriors.
And that's, of course, because of the Tecmo Koei merger that happened not that long ago.
Ryu Hayabusa is actually going to be an unlockable character in Dynasty Warriors Strike Force.
But that's not where the love stops.
Apparently, there's going to be unlockable Zhao Yun and Song Shang Xiang costumes in Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2.
Yes, I'm sure I completely butchered those names. Deal with it.
So there's going to be a lot of crossover happening there, I'm sure to no one's surprise.
Blur was a racing game I was very much looking forward to this year, and I will just have to look forward to it a little longer.
It has been delayed to 2010 with a host of quite a few other games that have been delayed to 2010, which is now looking pretty full.
The delay happened because, according to Activision CEO Mike Griffith, they need to, quote,
fully optimize the vision Bazaar set out to create for Blur, including a distinctive and groundbreaking multiplayer mode that will appeal to a broad audience.
I take that to mean multiplayer was fucked and they needed to fix it.
I also take that as we're not going to compete with ourselves and decide to push Blur back a little longer since they're the ones releasing Modern Warfare 2,
and it's supposed to be coming out around the same time within a week.
That makes sense.
But, well, you know, if they did it for that reason, then F them.
But if they did it for the reason that they needed to go back and make multiplayer better, that's cool.
Because, you know, I'm sure if it came out and the multiplayer was screwed up,
bitching upon bitching on the blogs about how borked multiplayer is and we need to patch immediately, etc.
So, you know, if it's truly to fix multiplayer, then fine.
I've never remembered the multiplayer in Project Gotham being too bad, so I can't imagine that that would be really an issue.
But, hey, giving them the extra time, whether it be for, you know, competing with Modern Warfare 2,
or whether it be actually the multiplayer being a little rough around the edges.
Is it really the same audience, though?
It doesn't matter.
All the games are moving away from, you know, except for, you know, like Assassin's Creed.
They're like, eh, fuck it, we're going to go against them.
I think there's room for more than one.
Exactly. I think so, too.
But a lot of games are kind of like, you know, there's going to be a lot of people buying, you know, Modern Warfare 2.
Let's move our game a little away from it.
Like Smackdown vs Raw 2010.
Normally a title comes out in the middle of November, now coming out in the middle of October.
Which is a little bit of a surprise, but not with Modern Warfare 2 being there.
Well, moving on to another story.
You know, there were those screenshots that came out of a Final Fantasy project that Grin Studios was working on.
Apparently this game was assumed to be cancelled because Grin Studio went under, but apparently not.
It's coming from some rumblings sources, of course, that are not named.
Close to both companies.
Apparently the game is still under development, just not by Grin.
So it'll be interesting to see what becomes of that project.
But if you see a very different looking Final Fantasy game announced next year at, I don't know, E3 maybe.
That's probably what this ended up being.
One more story I'm sure tons of our listeners are interested in.
Cenet Twilight will be coming out on the Wii this autumn and, oddly enough, on the DS in 2010.
I thought that the whole point behind Cenet was that you actually saw clips of the movie in the game.
But yes, of course, with the whole New Moon franchise coming out as well, or I mean the movie as well as the old Twilight movie.
Just like they've done for Harry Potter and Friends and all these other things, there's going to be a Cenet game on the Wii.
I could give a shit, but I'm sure there's some Twilight tards out there that'll love it.
And who's cashing in on this?
Konami.
Are they the ones behind it?
Go Konami.
Oh boy.
God forbid we get a good music game from them, but Cenet, Twilight.
But we get sparkling vampires.
Hey, they go where the money is.
Not a fan. I'm sorry to be a hater. I have some friends that are into Twilight, but I just don't get it.
But honestly, it's coming out before the second movie, okay?
And granted, I'm sure people that are playing this game probably read the books.
Death Wishing in our chat room is making his thoughts very strong.
He says, kill the devs, kill them all, fucking skull fuck them.
That might be a little bit harsh. I mean, skull fucking? Come on, that's pretty harsh.
I'm just saying, how much trivia can there be for Twilight movies if there's one Twilight movie out already?
And yes, this game is slated right now I think for...
I want to say I thought it was October.
Probably around the release of New Moon.
It's supposed to be coming out until after it, so either it's going to spoil the...
Nah, it's really going to spoil the plot of the movie, because there really is no plot to the movie.
Well, and the books have been out. You know, you can go read the book, I'm sure.
I don't know, it's just crap.
Wait, hold on. I've decided this story has taken up way too much time on our show.
Sorry, sorry.
Although I do want to read this witty comment from chat.
Tigerclaw in chat says, we need a Cenet OLR.
Oh wait, no video, I guess you could call it.
Hear it, OLR.
Would anyone actually play that? I don't know.
No.
Some of the listeners know the trivia of the show better than I do.
Like, I've got this best of I've got to do, you know, next week.
You know, that we're going to be taking some parts of the show and then kind of doing some new stuff with it as well.
You know where I'm going to find out where all the good bits are?
Our Wikipedia. The OLR Wikipedia references what episode number some of the funniest stuff was in.
Like, what episode the what-they-play.com snap was in and some of these other things I'm going to kind of pull and put in there.
It's all in there, which is nice.
Anyhow, let's get to some Twitter topics tonight.
I forgot to get the theme music for Twitter topics.
I'm just so broken tonight.
I can't multitask.
Jamie and I here is ruining everything.
Hold on. I'm getting it.
Where is it?
Ah, forget it.
I'm not going to do theme music tonight. Let's just get to the Twitter topics because I don't want a dead air here.
Ah, let's see. Going to the Twitter topics.
Wow, we got quite a few tonight.
Ray Iannami says, here's a story that people might actually care about.
Mushi Misama Futari for 360 is going to be region-free.
A region-free 360 game.
They call it a bullet hell shooter.
He links us to an article on Kotaku that talks about a shooting Xbox 360 game.
No screenshots from the gamers.
There's one up here in the upper right-hand corner.
It's going to be region-free.
So this game comes out in Japan, but you would actually be able to import it here in America and play it.
That's kind of cool because a lot of the 360 games that come out over there are not region-free.
Especially in Japan, man.
They're just like, fuck you guys. You ain't going to import this shit.
And Ray's in chat right now and says it is an existing arcade game.
We saw a clip of this on an earlier show because I'm looking at the screenshot now.
Yeah, it does look familiar.
And that's the thing. It sucks too because of my arcade cabinet.
I could play vertical games, but it's such a fucking pain in the ass to do it.
You have to rotate the monitor and all that shit, and I just don't want to do that.
TigerClaw305 on Twitter wants us to mention the Florida fugitive was apprehended after attempting to steal DS games.
He links us to an article on Joystiq where apparently, and that's with a Q, says apparently this guy was out there trying to steal DS games.
It was a loss prevention specialist got to stop this shoplifter.
The fugitive's name was Daniel Larson.
He was already wanted for violating probation, and apparently he shoplifted $120 worth of Nintendo DS titles from the local Walmart,
but a loss prevention officer actually caught him and stopped it.
Joystiq, the blog, goes on to joke, don't tell them about my insatiable addiction for Imagine Babies games.
I know. You could say I planned on pawning them to buy heroin. Please come on, man. This would ruin me.
You know, I think it's one of those things where I don't think that has anything to do with gaming at all.
Thieves are thieves and will steal whatever to sell.
And why are they still de- I mean, I understand that they're small, but I mean, they're not worth much.
Isn't that hard to steal from Walmart, too, because aren't they all in the glass case?
I guess not all of them. If they're on sale, or like the really cheapy ones, those aren't in the glass case, are they?
I guess because they're smaller, but I mean, I don't know.
Alright, I'm not going to be able to read all the tweets tonight, but let me get to a few others here.
Ryan Belknap on Twitter wants to know, what game coming out this fall are you looking forward to buying?
For me, it would be Dragon Age and Press Your Luck. Games this fall.
DJ Hero and Borderlands.
Oh, and of course, I mean, because it's more of a download title, but Grand Theft Auto, The Ballad of Gay Tony.
Honestly, most everything I was looking forward to got pushed back to 2010. Blur, White Knight Chronicles.
But one game that's still coming out that I am looking forward to a little bit, there was one.
I just had it, and now I just get my memory.
New Super Mario Brothers?
Dang it, no, not really interested in that one.
What kind of a game was it?
I don't remember.
Lego Rock Band?
Eh, not really. I'll check out the Rock Band Beatles.
Anti Hero?
No, that already came out. I don't know if there is a lot.
The new Tony Hawk game?
No, I don't care about that.
DJ Hero, that's what I want.
I just said DJ Hero.
I know you did, but I want that too.
Alright, obviously I'm not looking forward to it that much, if I can't even remember what it is two seconds later.
Either that or I'm getting short-term memory loss early.
Let's see, moving on.
One other Twitter here from ActDeft.
Here's a Twitter topic you would like, and links us to a story here.
Oh yeah, I heard about this.
I don't think this is in our show role either.
This just came up today.
He links us to an article on Kotaku that talks about, apparently there's a crash screen in Need for Speed Shift,
that when you go into the PlayStation Store, it crashes.
Here's the funny thing, it's on the 360, with the PlayStation Store logo showing up and everything.
I don't know what the hell happened or what you do to get this, but apparently this is a really bad bug.
Let's see, when navigating menus today, when connected to Xbox Live, the game suddenly crashed again.
When my rage subsided and I got a better look at the screen, I was pretty shocked at what I saw.
Was my Xbox 360 version of Need for Speed Shift really trying to access the PlayStation Store?
Microsoft's not going to be happy about this at all.
So apparently there is a bug in the game where it tries to access the PlayStation Store.
Whoops!
There's a little screenshot and everything.
That's coming off Kotaku, but I think it's making the rounds around all the gaming blogs, I'm sure.
So there you go, there are your Twitter topics for tonight.
We always open it up before our live shows.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to follow us on Twitter.
We always let you know when the new podcasts are up, because it can be a little spotty sometimes, I apologize.
And whenever fun stuff is going on here at OLR headquarters.
At least it wasn't Need for Speed Nitro on the Wii, because then you can't patch that shit.
That's true, they'll probably patch us on the 360, but that's still gotta be embarrassing.
Alright, let's get back into some long discussion news, including something that's very interesting.
Yes, well if you felt left out on the PSP that you couldn't join home, you soon will be getting your own kind of home-like service in the form of PlayStation Room.
Interesting enough, the logo for PlayStation Room is R Infinity M.
You may remember way back in the day when there was a rumor, according to a trademark, that the PlayStation DualShock 3 or 6-axis was going to be, well, Wii called the Poohs, because it was P Infinity S.
See, I did not remember this until you said like that, you joked that it was Poohs.
We did joke about this on the show a while ago.
So I'm thinking, maybe that wasn't for the controller, maybe it was like PlayStation Infinity or some crap like that, and it was actually this.
Which makes sense, because now the logo kind of looks exactly like it.
But anyways, so the PlayStation Room is actually going to be added in with an upcoming PSP firmware.
And you'll launch it straight from the cross-media bar, just like home, and it'll allow you to create a 3D avatar and kind of my room spaces, along with a blog, album, and group gatherings, chat support, that kind of stuff.
So, it's like home with a big anime flair to it, and really scaled down. So, neat, I guess.
Have they really said what the hell you're going to be able to do with it, or are we only seeing these screenshots of these chibi characters?
Which, by the way, it should be said, even though you're saying it's kind of like home, it doesn't really, I mean, it looks like a very, very, very much spin-off.
It's not your same characters, it's not that same 3D environment, it's like...
It looks like home, like, you know, the Disney's, was it, um...
Looks like some of the chat rooms I would see on Prodigy back in the day.
Like the Channel D stuff, or, I forget what they call it, on, um, DGamer, that's what it was, on the Disney's DS tiles. It's very similar to Xbox Live. It's not, but it's a similar type of service.
Funny enough, Ray Ayanami in our chat room says, wasn't that like three years ago that that joke happened? He says, wait, I've been listening to this trainwreck for three years now?
I mean, maybe it was a long, I don't think it was quite three years ago.
It was before the PlayStation 3 came out.
Oh, wow.
Because, remember, we were, like, were they going to call the controller?
Oh, that's right.
Okay, well, maybe this has been in development that long. Maybe this was originally conceived for the PlayStation 3. Who knows?
Or maybe they were like, hey, you know, that trademark looks kind of cool. Let's just do that with an infinity symbol, because, you know, we're different like that.
But what has PlayStation Home really done for PlayStation? Even though I got a plug that we do have a club on PlayStation Home, and there's got to be a good handful of people in it now. I've been getting slow requests for invites.
I don't know. Nothing. I can't imagine this would be too popular. I mean, yay, you're going to be able to run around in Avatar and stuff, but...
I did check out this week. I did sign into Home. I don't know. Home's one of those things, like, I'll just kind of poke around in if I'm really bored.
I did check out the new SingStar space in Home, and it's a little ridiculous. There's not a lot. It looks, it's not, it's, graphically, it looks pretty cool.
It looks like a nightclub, and it's laid out like a nightclub, and, like, graphically, it's kind of cool, but you log in there, there's really not a lot to do.
You do all the different dances on the dance floor, and you get, like, three shirts. That's it.
You just, I just quickly go through the character and do all three, all, like, ten dances or whatever, and you get three shirts.
And then you get shirts to pimp out their products. Awesome. Yeah. Exactly. That's it.
Yeah, that's... I gotta say, though, it was nice to look at for a few minutes. I was like, oh, hey, they put a little work into this.
This actually kind of looks like a nightclub, and I like how when you dance, the little spotlight on the floor is different colors, and it's all high def.
Looks cool. Okay, done now. Not sure exactly what I gained out of this, except, I guess, maybe knowledge of the SingStar product. I don't know.
They have a little video wall that'll circle through different music videos that are in the game, and you can actually pick which video you want to come up next on the wall.
But here's the catch. It's a 30-second clip of videos. It's not even, like, the full, like, you can't touch this or baby one more time.
You just need 30 seconds of it, not the whole clip.
That's true. J. Dizzle in chat reminds us, home give us hamsters versus humans dance-offs. How could I forget?
And now there's a whole nightclub you can do it in in the SingStar space, so how could I forget?
Moving on, another news this week about things online. China has had their access to World of Warcraft restored.
These servers are now back online. You may have heard a few months ago that the World of Warcraft servers were going dark because the game was transitioning from a company called The Nine to Netease.
World of Warcraft was down, by the way, for three and a half months. The transfer is all done now. Chinese MMO players can now get back on to World of Warcraft, which might not be the biggest game in China, but I guess it does definitely have their following over there.
I'm sure that took a big chunk out of their economy since, you know, all the gold farming and everything.
Well, Netease, well no, they'd log into the American servers to do that. It's not mixed like Final Fantasy XI is. China has their own servers, because remember they don't have undead, they have the Forsaken, which is just undead with more skin or whatever.
But anyhow, here's the other thing I want to point out. Apparently, the servers are, to give you an idea how many people are playing, the servers are expensive to maintain. They have to pay a million of their Chinese dollars a day, which boils down to about $146,000 a day to keep the servers running.
But, you know, China's a pretty big country and the game obviously is doing very well there. But then I was thinking, oh my god, three and a half months this game was down. Can you imagine what would happen if World of Warcraft, and I open this question up to chat as well,
what would happen if World of Warcraft shut down? Just all of a sudden, out of the blue, World of Warcraft shuts down for three months in America. It would rain cats and dogs. With no rhyme or reason, just blizzard, the server facility just goes kaput, I don't know what happens.
You know, nobody gets charged for it or anything, nothing malicious happens, but just World of Warcraft gets revoked for all the 11 million players or whatever for three and a half months. What would happen? The internet would be in a shitstorm. It would be just like, fucking bitch, you know, just complaining like you would not believe.
Dark Tetsuya says divorce rates go down. ActDeaf says I already said it, massive tantrums. Oh yes, there would be many a blog. Many an angry blog. People threatening to quit and never return, right?
Go to Aeon.
Ray Ayanami says whatever, I'm gonna keep on playing not MMOs. Rama says if World of Warcraft shuts down for three months, people would return to real life and shit would get done. J Dizzle says mom, bathroom.
Deathwishing says remember that episode of Robot Chicken where a virus deletes all the prawn? Could you imagine that? A computer virus that just targets World of Warcraft?
Let me go this way. If there was ever a virus out there conceivable to actually delete all the prawn on the internet at one time, who would do that? First off, who would do that? Second off, you know how fast prawn gets on the internet? It wouldn't matter. The prawn would be back up to the levels it is now in like a day.
It would just be like, porn back! Was it gone? Didn't even realize it. All new porn, sweet.
I just, do you think there would be, the sad thing is, I think for a lot of people...
They would cover this on CNN.
It would be in the Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer. It really would. World of Warcraft went down today and...
What about like Twitter? Like going down for like three months? Or like Facebook?
Oh fuck Twitter. I'm so over Twitter.
Friendster, remember Friendster? Friendster was what we had before Myspace, before Facebook. Apparently it's still popular in Asia, but Friendster is what we used to have.
And when that went down, people went somewhere else. But Friendster was not quite as integrated into culture as I think Facebook has become. You know, people's mothers didn't have a Friendster account. Just college kids had it.
People's mothers have Facebooks. What would happen if Facebook went down for three months?
People would go back to Myspace, maybe.
I think a lot of people would. Let's see, Baconbit says, if WoW was shut down for three months, the internet speeds would go faster.
Nice. Very true.
Deathwishing says kids would run out in the streets going, God dammit, my raid was halfway done. I lost my epics.
So a lot of people seem to speculate people would just go somewhere else.
I think that, you know, as much of fandom as World of Warcraft gets, people are fickle. If it goes away for a while, they'll leave. Then when it comes back, they'll come right back.
But, you know, it's just they need to be doing something. And if they're going to be MMO players, they're going to go play another MMO or play something else.
They're not just going to go outside and go, oh my God, there's a world out here. What have I done with my life?
They're going to go, hey, World of Warcraft is back. Oh shit. Back right into their seat.
Tigerclaw in chat says the worst case scenario would be if the internet were shut down for three months, then there would be utter chaos.
You know, what's interesting about that, though, is that the entire internet went down for three months. That's almost another whole nother thing.
Because you have to remember the internet, wasn't it originally created as like a government thing for government agencies to communicate?
I mean, you have so many businesses out there. I mean, think about the online banking that goes on and, you know, just all of the online things that so many companies that do their business online.
Yeah, the internet going down completely would be pretty chaotic. I would be a mess.
Well, there's a lot of stuff also connected with the internet, like banking, ATMs.
That's pretty big.
Yeah.
It might all be secure, but imagine if it was suddenly inaccessible. I mean, I guess that's why we still have tellers working at banks.
I've had my bank's infrastructure go down for a day. It was a pain in the ass.
Marissa Congusto in the chat says I couldn't do my job without the internet. There's a lot of people in that situation.
You know, like, you know, I work for a big call center. I think I've mentioned that before. I'm a trainer for a big call center. We actually have reps in other offices that take phone calls from their homes.
It's like a work at home program. And I believe they use the internet to do all that. When the internet goes down, those reps can't work.
There's a lot of people that really rely on the internet to do their jobs. It's pretty crazy.
So it would be a mess, that's for sure. But there was a day without internet, believe it or not. I don't know if you kids are old enough to remember, but there was a day without internet.
Back in my day, we had dial-up and BBSs. Those are the days. Trade Wars 2002 for life.
I remember BBSs.
Legend of the Red Dragon, bitches.
Wasn't that long ago, I don't think.
The pit for the win.
Alright, let's move on.
And you know what? We downloaded porn on 28 modems off of BBSs, because that's the way it was.
I remember when porn would be separated into VGA and Super VGA.
Didn't they call it XGA back then, I think?
Alright, forget it. Let's move on.
EGA.
Hooray for CGA porn. That's like those old strip poker games from the Apple IIe. Especially working with arcade monitors and stuff like that.
Yeah, arcade monitors, most of them out there, CGA is what they consider them because it's ultra low resolution.
And VGA monitors, 640x480. And that's really good for arcade stuff.
I digress.
I had a 300 baud modem on my Commodore 64 that plugged into the cartridge port in the back. It was epic. Epic.
I think the slowest modem I had was a 2400, I think.
But yeah, switching that to like 56k, oh my god, we're blazing speeds.
Dude, going onto BBSs on a 300 baud modem, it was like watching print be typed on the screen.
It was just insane.
Just to reminisce for a bit here, I'm sorry.
But there used to be a BBS here in Sacramento, and I think it was called the Open Forum or Open Mind or something like that.
All it was was really a bunch of forums.
And this was back when 2400, I think 14.4 was the speed everybody had at that point. It was 14.4k.
And really all it was was just message forums.
And it was just a cool place to just kind of meet people.
And actually, some of the greatest discussions I ever read online were on that site.
And it was all local people too.
Some days I miss the days of BBSs.
CCN, remember that magazine, California Computer News?
I do! Aren't they still around?
They used to have, I don't know, but they used to have...
They used to have the BBS listings in the back!
Exactly!
I do remember that.
And there was one BBS that was on there that you could sign into that BBS and actually get internet access for like an hour a day or something like that.
Oh my god.
It was fucking awesome.
Oh my god.
I remember I got banned from a BBS once because I pissed off the Sisop.
That was fun.
I got tied up in some drama.
I don't even remember.
Now I'm looking back on it going, this is all retarded.
But, you know, I was a dumb kid. What can I say?
Anyhow.
Alright.
Deathwishing says, LOL dial up porn.
It would be like, okay, gonna eat dinner, come back.
Damn, her tits loaded up yet?
No, seriously, it was sad because, you know, back in the day, it used to take an hour to download a mag, okay?
An hour to download.
It did.
I remember downloading the Wolfenstein 3D demo.
Shareware.
Epic.
Downloading shareware.
Yes.
And, I mean, it would take an hour to download that stuff.
And, yes, if you got a porn file that was like, and this is like an image.
A GIF image.
Because JPEGs weren't really red.
Weren't out yet.
GIFs were out.
GIFs was where it was at.
Yeah.
It took like 45 minutes for that shit to download.
And, you better hope that's a good picture because you don't know what it looks like because it's just a text file.
You're just like, big boobs, sweet.
Womanhorse.gif? Wow, what could this be? Oh my god.
The stories I will tell my children.
I remember my friend had to show every kid in the neighborhood when he got the picture of the zebra fucking the woman that he found on some BBS that he got on his 2400 baud modem.
And all the kids were coming over to look at this still picture on a computer screen.
It was like Playboy, but just different. For nerds. Anyhow.
So, Summer of Arcade. You know, Microsoft's kind of big push for some good Xbox Live Arcade games coming out of course in the summer.
They had a 200% growth over last year's sales.
And this is mostly in part to, actually a good selection of games coming out, including Marvel vs. Capcom 2.
You know, even Battlefield 1943.
Lots of good stuff.
And even Shadow Complex, their kind of Metroidvania game.
Trials HD.
And basically seeing a lot of different growth in different areas, including the free entertainment department, 1 vs. 100, although not really part of the Summer of Arcade stuff.
Doing pretty well with over 3 million downloads during a 13 week period.
And also 1 vs. 100 being within the top 10 downloads of Xbox Live history.
So that's pretty cool.
And, I don't know. It's not really a surprise that it's doing well.
I mean, they had a good selection of games, so.
Wonder what next year will be like.
It's interesting though that the Summer of Arcade kind of helped the sales kind of grow.
Yeah, definitely.
So, alright. Well, let's move on and talk a little bit about a story about IGN and an old website that we love here at Orange Lawns Radio, WhatTheyPlay.com.
If you've been a long time fan of Orange Lawns Radio, you'll know why this is funny.
If not, listen to the best of next week, because that clip is going to come back.
But IGN, of course, the big, huge website that's kind of like GameSpot or, you know, all those, you know, 1UP or whatever.
They actually purchased WhatTheyPlay.com.
WhatTheyPlay.com is a site that is basically, you know, it's kind of catered towards families and kind of the concerned parent about what kids are into in video gaming.
I don't know why IGN bought this, but that's what they wanted.
I guess there was a pretty big audience there, and maybe IGN kind of feels that it's a new audience that ad buyers will be interested in buying.
I don't know. They buy a lot of different websites.
But I don't see how much it was sold for. That's the part I want to see.
Two dollars.
No, apparently, in all dear fun, even though we kind of razzed the website, it wasn't really the website we made fun of in that episode.
It was just the poll and the results of the poll that was like, what do you find most offensive in a game?
And it was like, you know, gay kissing was more offensive than disembodied heads and all this stuff.
It was just ridiculous.
So we'll talk more about that a little later on.
But interesting, of course, that that kind of comes full circle.
Now IGN has bought it to conduct all the polls they want on that audience.
That happened earlier this week.
You may remember us reporting on a game announced at E3, Joyride, which is basically a game that's kind of debuting the free-to-play model on the Xbox Live service.
And Joyride is going to be kind of an Avatar-infused kart racing game.
And of course, they're going to have a little bit of an MMO twist to it as well.
They're doing some stuff too, I remember, where you can actually...
I guess it would be a little bit similar to, like, Noby Noby Boy and Battlefield 1943, where if you play the game enough that you'll actually, as a whole, unlock new levels, which is kind of cool.
And then, of course, if you want to customize your karts and whatnot, you have to pay for that, because that's what free-to-play means.
You have to pay for your premiums.
And it will be a free download coming this holiday.
And apparently, the content to buy will be available around that time as well, also including Avatar costumes and new tracks and karts.
So, what do you think about this whole new model? Is it kind of the future of Xbox Live Arcade, or what?
Well, it allows you to try out the game, and if you don't want to buy all this extra content, you don't have to, which is kind of cool.
And I think that's a lot better than, say, buying a game, or trying a demo that maybe doesn't really give you a good idea of the game, and wasting your money on a game that you end up not liking.
And hell, it can't be any worse than Yaris.
I suppose that's true.
So, as long as it's better than Yaris, I think it'll be okay.
All right, well, we're going to go ahead and open up ye old mailbag every week.
You guys send your emails at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com, and we pick some of our favorites and read them right here on the air for you guys.
Unfortunately, Dark Sakura's not here right now. She'll be back a little later, hopefully, before we finish up.
So I'm going to open up the mailbag right now, but I was a slacker and didn't go into it before we started this segment, because I was getting text messages on my phone.
I was answering those.
We have a lot of emails tonight. I don't know if I'm going to be able to get through all of these, but I'll try and get through as many of them as I can.
If you didn't get through tonight, I'm sorry. Try again next time.
Let's go to an email from Shook.
Starts us off tonight.
Hello, to kick off this email, I'd like to say that I am at peace with my dad.
Oh, yes, this is the emailer that was having problems with his dad. Remember that?
The dad didn't want him playing Final Fantasy X.
I talked to him about the Final Fantasy X thing, and he seemed willing when he listened to me.
I got him to try the game, and he loves it.
No more of that.
So a round of applause for the douchebag father coming around.
You did the rational thing.
You've undouched yourself. Congratulations. You did the right thing.
No more hazing for you.
So no more of that. I agree.
Now on to my main story.
The other day I had gym class, and we played football.
When a kid in my class saw the football laying there, he ran over and teabagged the ball a couple of times.
Let that sink in.
My gym coach grabs the kid by his neck, says,
Get the hell inside, and pushes the kid towards the front door.
It just goes to show how far teabagging has gone in our culture.
The kid was suspended for lewd sexual behavior, according to the superintendent.
My opinion? What the hell? This is the shit that gives gaming a bad name.
I close with that.
P.S. Pardon my French.
Forever and always. Not like anyone says to themselves anyway.
Yours truly, Shook.
I don't know if gaming is to blame for teabagging.
I mean, I would think maybe, I don't know, like,
gay culture in the 70s might be where teabagging originated.
I'm not exactly quite sure.
But, um, obviously the kid...
I don't know.
Y'all are teenagers, and hormonal, and all that stuff.
So, obviously the kid just doesn't know what's appropriate and what's not.
So, I don't think it has anything to do with gaming.
So, I like this.
Marissa in chat says,
One day I want to hear Rob go,
We got a lot of emails tonight, sorry guys,
I'm only going to get through as many as I feel like, so suck it.
Yeah, I guess you could say that too.
Um, this next email comes to us from AZHP.
Hey, OLR crew, I was listening to your last available podcast the other day,
and remember Rob saying something about a homosexual tambourine game.
I believe the game you're thinking of is
Minimoni Shikato Tambourine,
which I actually played when I went to Japan as well.
If you're not familiar with Minimoni, they're a branch of Morning Musume,
an extremely popular J-pop girl group with, get this,
23 girls, at least the last time I checked.
Minimoni is a subset of them,
four girls who are 15 to 16 and look 11 to 12,
and seeing things about telephones, rock, paper, scissors,
counting to 20 in the bathtub, in general being obnoxiously cute.
Itchy knees, unchy.
Therefore, you are most definitely correct in saying that the game you saw
slept with tambourine games of the same gender.
I don't know, it sounds like that game
sounds like it could go to jail for the things it's doing.
P.S., I recently got a new job,
by the way, I just want to say before I get into the P.S.,
I actually don't think it was the same game.
The one I saw, and this is how you could tell,
it was Samba de Amigo.
It was the exact same game as Samba de Amigo, basically,
except with a different character, not the little Samba dude,
and with a tambourine.
So if that's the game you're talking about, then it's the same game.
But I don't remember, like, a Morning Musume,
or even a Japanese pop 23 girl group being involved at all.
So, anyhow.
Let me read the P.S. here real quick.
I recently got a new job and have been listening to your podcast while at work.
I had to stop, though, because when you guys make terrible and awesome,
extremely inappropriate jokes, I can't help but burst out laughing.
Not conductive to keeping a low profile in a quiet office environment.
It's just a testament to your chemistry, I guess.
Oh, that's very kind, thank you very much.
He signs it, O.L.R.'s premier gold star recipient, A.Z.H.P.
That's right, he was a previous gold star.
That was another very worthy email there, so thank you very much.
Let's see, trying to get through some more emails here.
Let's see, this one comes to us from, they didn't sign it,
so I'm just going to say Sam is the person that sent this.
Hello, O.L.R. crew, I'm trying very hard to use the best grammar possible
so the grammar Nazi doesn't permabam me or, like, start yelling or whatever.
Well, you're lucky.
Tonight I'm reading them and I have terrible grammar, too,
so I'm not going to be too critical tonight.
But yeah, I'm Blade3.
Oh, I'm sorry, that's the name, Blade3.
I haven't emailed you guys since 2007.
Now I'm older and I slapped together a PSP website that has awesome functions
and I wanted to let you know that I put your feet on there
because everyone deserves to listen to the awesome Orange Lounge Radio.
Check it out at rmedia.webhop.net.
It will automatically route you if you are on a PSP
and if you have an iPhone it will route you to the iPhone site
and if you use a computer it will route you to the main site.
Congrats on many fantastic shows, keep up the fabulous work.
Wow, I just gave that dude free advertising for just kissing our ass in an email.
Sorry, I don't update our PSP site at all.
I'm glad someone's still developing some PSP.
It's too much work and I don't have the time to do it
and I just don't want to.
It's not that...
Yeah, it is because I don't want to.
You'd rather play video games?
I'd rather play video games, yeah, and it's just...
I don't know.
Next email.
Hey guys, JD here, long time listener, first time emailer.
Unfortunately I'm a listener from the UK so I can't really tune in live.
We do have listeners from the UK that tune in live,
but I understand, it's like 2 in the morning over there,
but those guys are just really hardcore.
Thanks for the email, anyway.
This is concerning something DarkSakra mentioned quite a while ago
when she heard the theme from Shaft in a Czech restaurant.
Remember this? She talked about this earlier.
Well, today in my college induction day,
my teacher was warning us about the dangers of leaving our phones on
and with perfect timing, his phone started ringing
and his ringtone was none other than the theme from Shaft.
Anywho, I must head off to bed now, so good night, OLR,
and Sky, you need to update the podcast on time.
Yes, I know, I'm sorry.
Bad host, bad panda, no cookie.
That email from JD reminding us of an old inside joke.
If I can find that clip, I'll have to put that in the best of two.
I just don't remember what episode that was in.
Just a couple more emails for you guys here and then I'll get to it.
Let's see, I'll get to probably just one more email here from Rob with Two Bees.
And he sent us quite a few emails this week.
I'm just going to pick a couple of these here.
Rob from Two Bees wanted to know if any of us were going to Disneyland from September 23rd to 27th.
Sadly, I went the week before and I'm going the week after.
I'm very sorry to say it, but we didn't make it to Disneyland the same week you were.
But I hope you had a ton of fun.
The good news is all the Halloween events started this weekend.
Also, send us a link to this interesting article on gamespolitik.com
about a study linking youth violence depression to peers, not video games.
Apparently, it says here, one, depression is a symptom.
It is pointing out that many of the youths surveyed have depression problems
to the point where it seems correlated to youth violence.
I'd say that the issue of depression is something that should be tackled all by itself.
Two, peer pressure is also the cause of good behavior.
It's also ubiquitous, so anything you try to link with peer pressure will seem correlated as well.
I find it interesting how game politics will suddenly credit bad science
just because it agrees with the general viewpoint of the editors and most of the readers.
I also like to qualify that these psychological studies are impossible to do scientifically,
but they still may have value to psychologists.
It adds a little postscript here that says,
to the study's credit, the name of the report admits to having many variables,
a multivariate analysis of youth violence and aggression,
the influence of family, peers, depression, and media violence.
I think we have a tendency when we see something that's kind of on our side
to rah, rah, rah around it a little bit.
And yeah, there might be a lot of variables in this study.
And I kind of agree with this whole notion that this is probably something that's way too hard to gauge.
Way too hard to gauge.
I think kids playing video games too much is usually a cause of depression,
not the other way around.
Or I should say cause from depression, not the other way around.
I don't think depression comes from playing too many video games.
I think kids who are depressed kind of drown their sorrows in video games.
Because I think what he's saying there about the whole, you know,
a lot of it has to do with peer pressure.
I think, you know, when kids don't want to go out and face the real world,
they kind of can lose themselves in a video game.
Or a video game where they might be king or queen ponying everybody,
like World of Warcraft or something in a social environment where they can be somebody else.
You know, I think the best cure to that sort of depression is to stop that behavior
and go outside.
You want to have a healthy balance of video gaming, you know, when you're that age.
But I don't think too much gaming is the cause.
I think too much gaming is a symptom.
Yeah.
If that makes sense.
Because they're trying to isolate themselves from everybody else and, you know,
sometimes games make them feel better about themselves,
especially if they're really skilled at something.
Nice.
By the way, JD is in chat right now and says it is 4.30 in the morning where he's at,
and he is listening after all.
Well, thank you very much for tuning in and listening.
That's going to do it for the mailbag tonight.
Thank you guys for the e-mails.
If you want to send us an e-mail, please do a mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We'll get to some more e-mails next week.
Now we want to get into the FUs of the week, as we always do around this point of the show,
and we have a good little inspiration story for you guys tonight.
To inspire tonight's FUs of the week, I bring you a principal from Germany who was quoted this week.
His name is Bernd Denning and said kind of maybe along this whole line with depression and so forth,
he believes that video games play a major role in a child becoming a homicidal maniac.
Quote, even if killer games are not the trigger of a killing spree, this guy said yesterday,
they still take a major part in turning minors into homicidal maniacs.
Even if there isn't a mono-casually relation between excessive playing of games leading to acts of violence,
it still provides a twisted frame of reference of solutions for their problems and hardships that they learn
may transfer to the real world under certain circumstances.
Okay, but how is that the game's fault?
You're kind of admitting that they're going to the games because they have a problem in the first place.
The game doesn't turn them into a homicidal maniac, right? Am I right?
To his defense, I think it's like this.
Do you have a crazy person already?
The games mainly give him inspiration to how, I guess, how to become an outlet for violence.
Say, for example, kids watching a kung fu movie, they're probably going to try to mimic that crap afterwards
because that's what kids do.
They're really excited about something, they see Ninja Turtles and they want to go play Ninja Turtles.
I can sign off with that, but exactly, but why single out video games then?
When movies do it, TV does it, peers do it, art does it.
It's because he got in a soapbox and wanted to say something controversial
so people would listen and people did, and then they blogged about it.
Art can be influential, period.
Anyhow, so we dedicate the FUs of the week to this guy.
Loki.
FU to my headache, and it's from sinuses, I'm guessing, because I got it when I got back here
and my eyes are burning and my head hurts, so it's got to be a sinus headache.
Maybe something in this house.
Shermie.
There's a guy down in the room, he cheated on us tonight.
No pun intended.
Hey, my FU of the week goes to the food poisoning I got from a popular sandwich chain earlier this week.
I'm not going to name them because I can't prove it, but I got sick.
Which one?
They toast their sandwiches, they're very famous for it.
I got another one from, they don't have foot lungs, but you can get stuff to go.
Ah, okay, yeah.
Interesting.
That's why, you know, I can't prove that they gave me the food poisoning, but I'm pretty sure that's where I got it.
And, man, it was hell for three days, but I lost some weight.
Oh, yeah, I had some, it wasn't really, I don't know if it was bad sushi and then bad sandwich.
So, FU to just food poisoning, because it sucks.
All right, anyhow.
Just a couple more stories for you guys, then we're going to get to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We probably have time for quite a few calls tonight, so we'll try to get through everybody tonight.
Loki.
This week we got some new Xbox Live arcade games coming out, and quite a few of them.
Usually we get one or two, but we have three.
So, unfortunately, certain things often, you know, I'm a pretty big fan of the Warriors game that was out on the PlayStation 2 and the Xbox,
but now we get the Warriors Street Ball, which is more of like a, I guess, a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,
the arcade game kind of version of the Warriors, so not as cool as unfortunately the Take-Two game,
but it is coming out for $10 or 800 Microsoft Points.
Also coming out, Zombie Apocalypse, which is kind of like a top-down version of Left 4 Dead,
and that's going to be available for 800 Microsoft Points or $10, and also Ion Assault, which I believe is a tower defense game,
and that's also available for 800 Microsoft Points or $10, and I think I'm right about the Ion Assault thing.
I can't remember. Nope, I'm wrong. It's a space shooter with an interesting twist, they say.
Basically, you can draw in energy from particles and use them to blast foes.
I've actually seen that in, like, a freeware game made by some Japanese guy. That's pretty cool.
So, I don't know, this looks neat, kind of a little bit like Geometry Wars.
Hmm. Isn't it about time for a new Geometry Wars, by the way?
Well, you would think with a new Project Gotham game you'd get something like that,
since there's not going to really be a Project Gotham game from Bazaar. I don't really know.
Maybe do it later.
Well, some rumors around the internet this week that there is a Street Fighter IV sequel in the works.
Apparently, the official Japanese Street Fighter IV blog said that there is a statement about a new Street Fighter game coming out pretty soon.
The announcement is going to come from Natsuki Shihozawa and Yoshinori Ono.
Apparently, they are going to say something about it. It would seem very early for a Street Fighter V.
Apparently, there is rumors, though, that there is a Super Street Fighter IV of sorts on the way out.
And it already kind of got leaked.
Oh, did it?
Yes.
I didn't hear the follow-up.
There was a screenshot, or not really a screenshot, but a, I guess, picture that was available on,
I'm not sure if it was on Capcom's Twitter or what, but they had a picture from GamePro Germany, I guess.
And it was Yosho, what was it, Yoshinori Ono and some other guy.
And they were kind of doing like a fireball pose.
And in the background, what is that?
It looks like Street Fighter IV, but then there is T-Hawk there.
And then also a big giant banner with what appears to look like an S from Super Street Fighter IV.
Oops.
So, yes.
Zip party, probably going to get some either, you know, download content or perhaps a re-release of the game,
you know, greatest hits type thing or something like that with new characters and whatnot.
In other words, a way to milk more money from you.
Yep.
Congratulations.
So.
All right.
Well, that is it for the stories that we have tonight.
So it's now that time for us to open up the Skype line and take your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki, why don't you give us some last minute stories before we get to the phones.
The Xbox 360 Elite is actually going to be a little bit cheaper until August, or not August, October 5th.
With a cool deal that's going on with Netflix, you will be able to buy an Xbox 360 Elite between September 22nd and October 5th
and go on to Xbox's website.
There's a link actually, you can check it out, where you can mail in for a, you know, rebate for 50 bucks.
And that's not a bad deal if you're looking to pick up a console.
All right.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Deathwishing.
Hi, there you are.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, did you guys hear about how, I think I read on Twitter from Inside Gaming that the arcade, the memory cap for Xbox Live arcade games being increased to two gigs?
Yeah, I did remember reading your article on that earlier this week.
Doesn't that have to do with the whole, what is it, Command & Conquer 3?
Yeah, the new Command & Conquer.
Yeah, what does...
Doesn't that kind of like defeat the purpose of games that are not that big and now you can have these two gig games,
basically, I think what they're trying to say is go buy our expensive overpriced hard drives, what I feel like they're telling me.
Not really, because when you consider now that the main system that's going to be available out there is the Xbox 360 Elite with 120 gig hard drive,
I mean, you could fit like 60 games on there.
I mean, if you were just going to, well, probably less than 60 games, but pretty close to 60.
Yeah, but what happens to all the people that didn't buy the Elite?
I know there's more people with the standard edition console that had a 20 gig hard drive.
Microsoft doesn't care about you.
They'll probably come down in price. I mean, they're doing, you know, they're having bundles available, the 60 gig and the 20 gig,
they're going to release a new bundle with that, very similar to that.
That's going to be a little bit cheaper because they're trying to clear out inventory on that,
but I'm sure that it's going to come down in price, especially if it's going to be available with all the Elite consoles now.
Well, they better hurry up because I'm buying a PS3 soon.
And they'll probably, you know, and obviously they're going to also have the 250 gigabyte bundle,
maybe they'll see that standalone because that's going to definitely be something for people that own an Elite to upgrade to.
I also want to play devil's advocate here a little bit because probably what Microsoft would tell you is that
A, not every game is going to be pushing the two gigabyte limit,
and B, that there's hundreds, literally hundreds of games already available that are very small.
Indie games, don't forget those, in addition to, you know, just the past, you know, three, four years of what's been out on the 360.
Oh, and I also picked up ODST.
And what'd you think?
I love it, but I also know a lot of people that hate it.
What do you love about it?
I know it's just been half and half. I know it's people love it or people hate it.
Which is strange for a Halo game because usually everybody's, you know, dry humping it.
What do you love about Halo 3 ODST?
I just love that it's actually a fun campaign, it's an interesting story, and the voice acting is pretty good.
Yeah, it has like Nathan filling it in right.
And the music in this game is awesome.
And Firefight's pretty fun. I played it for like three hours one day with a couple friends.
I hate to sound so ignorant, but what is Firefight mode?
I don't know enough about Halo.
What's that?
Gears of War horde.
Oh, okay.
Halo twist with skulls and stuff.
Got it.
And, yeah, it's been taking up my whole time this week, basically.
What would you say to the haters? What are the haters saying about it?
Most of the people that hate it are either A, kids that were looking for Master Chief that didn't find them, so they cried.
And maybe people that aren't fans of the Halo series looking for a different game.
And then there's the people that don't play Halo games, but they bought Halo because you know you have to have it.
And most people, I know a lot of people who did buy Halo for their Xbox because it's like a staple game, like Call of Duty and Gears of War.
Because, yes, society has grown to the point where you're cool if you buy a video game.
Do you think this was just to cash in?
Because on Bobby's show tonight, I kind of said, isn't this kind of like the guitar hero of, you know, the guitar hero Van Halen?
Not exactly, because I felt more like it was more of a tribute to the people that really cared about the series.
Like, I've read most of the books, and for what I'm seeing now is they're actually starting to care and follow storylines from the book.
Because there's a new unit in the game that's from the books, if you've read the books, you already know all about it.
And Halo Reach is a prequel to, and it's basically based off the book Fall of Reach.
You are one hardcore Halo nerd, but that's cool.
I wouldn't say hardcore, I like the story. I actually like Call of Duty 4 a lot better. I like Call of Duty.
That's cool. Hey, there's people that read the Warcraft books and some of the books based on other games.
Man, those people are nerds.
Yeah, that's right, that's right. You gotta love the video game culture. You gotta love it.
They'll look at just another subgroup and say, you guys are nerds.
Like the Star Wars guys in the Trekkies.
Exactly. Alright, well Death Wishing, we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls, but any quick final thoughts?
I saw the former lead singer of No Doubt, or one of them, at Chain Reaction last night.
Gwen Stefani?
No, Alan.
Oh, like from the old school days.
Yeah, he has a band called Starpool.
Did you, like, get a picture?
Uh, no, but I was too busy skanking, so...
Oh, well, good luck with that. Alright.
See ya.
Alright, see ya.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, if you'd like to go ahead and give us a call, we'll take some more calls.
Any other last minute stories?
EA has confirmed that they're going to be doing a Beatles Rock Band Sing Star Pack, basically Beatles Rock Band for PS3, with two Sing Star mics.
Hmm, we have another call. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, it's Brad from Pod Culture.
Well, hi, Brad from Pod Culture. We haven't heard from you in a while. How are you doing?
Uh, peachy keen.
Tell the kids where you podcast at for any of our new listeners. We'll give you a plug. I know you're good to us, we'll be good to you. Tell the kids about your show.
Well, there's PodCulture.net, and then the Geek Music Podcast, Geek Spin, over at GeekSpin.com.
So, I know what I'm going to hear on Geek Spin is geek music, obviously, but what am I going to hear on Pod Culture?
Uh, well, if you can imagine OLR if it wasn't about video games.
Okay, fair enough.
Which it isn't live.
Oh, you talk about Olive Garden 2, okay.
Well, we actually usually do go out to eat before the shows.
Nice, very nice.
Alright, well, I know you didn't call in today just to plug your shows, but what's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, Halo 3 ODST.
Ah, you're another Halo 3 ODST fan, huh?
I really enjoy it. It's definitely not an F minus minus kind of a game.
Oh, a little dig there at Bobby on the earlier show. Okay, well, what grade would you give it and why?
I'd give it a good solid B.
Mainly, you know, it bounces around between the different viewpoints of the characters, which some people I can see would like.
I mean, I like a little bit more of a linear type of story.
But I dig it just for the sheer fact of the voice acting it's got in there.
I mean, it's got three of the guys from Firefly.
I was going to say, I know you're a huge fan of Firefly and just the whole Whedon universe.
Are you still doing the Dollhouse podcast?
Oh, yeah, we actually did a panel with Felicia Day at DragonCon.
Oh, nice, very nice.
So I know you guys are hardcore into that universe, so just the voice acting alone has got to sell this game to you guys.
Well, I mean, Nathan Pillion's character actually looked like Nathan Pillion.
Nice.
I'm modeling really good Alan Tudyk's character.
There's one scene where he actually flies a Covenant chip.
So you sound like you're actually into the campaign mode.
Do you play any of the multiplayer at all, or are you all about the campaign?
Every once in a while, but I usually get my ass handed to me.
Yeah, that sounds like pretty much my extent with Halo.
I'm not even good at single player.
That's how terrible I am at first-person shooters.
But hey, teach their own.
D5T in chat actually wants to know where the Dollhouse podcast is.
You know, now that season two is on, a lot of folks are coming back into that show.
It's at thedollhousepodcast.com.
You are a busy man, Brad.
How do you have time to play video games?
Well, you know, just don't sleep.
All right, fair enough. Anything else you've been playing lately, Brad?
Beatles Rock Band and Guitar Hero 5.
And what do you think about these games?
It's really, really neat. I like in Guitar Hero 5, it's kind of cheesy,
but I like the fact you can play as your avatar.
That's kind of cool.
And with the Beatles Rock Band, come on, man, it's the Beatles.
That's right, it's the Beatles.
I still have yet to get on this Beatles train.
I'm going to be late to the arrival, because I know you were making fun of me
over my 360 earlier, but I'll get on the bandwagon soon enough.
I'm fine with everybody else's hype for right now.
What do you think is going to be, I hate to make you pick,
but which game do you think is going to trump at Christmas?
I'm going to actually probably say Beatles Rock Band,
because it would appeal to more of folks who normally wouldn't pick up a video game.
Like, I took it over to my mom's to play over for my birthday,
and we played with my sister and brother-in-law and their kids,
and everybody loved it.
Interesting, all right.
Well, any final thoughts for us, Brad?
No, sir, just keep up doing the great show.
Well, thank you, I appreciate it, and you have a good one,
and good luck with your multitude of shows.
Catch you later, guys.
See ya.
He got Felicia Day on a panel?
Shit, we can't even get B and C designers to come on the show.
No, we've had a couple on the show.
Well, when you're one of Dollhouse's few fans.
Oh, stop. Rude, rude, rude.
All right, let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Blonde's radio, who's this?
None other than The Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Zaku, what's on your mind?
Nothing much, just chilling right now, because the weekend that was New York Anime Fest.
Yet another damn con.
You guys are spoiled out there on the East Coast with all your cons.
Did you go to this?
Well, yeah, not only that, the creator of Gundam was one of the guests of honor,
so I went and managed to go to both of his panels,
and I had him autograph one of my copies of Zeta Gundam.
Very cool.
And a picture with him.
I'll be up on Facebook eventually, but right now I'm just tired.
I've just got to relax tonight, because I've been going through this rat race this whole weekend.
Hmm.
Well, yeah, basically I wanted to bring up a good point that I don't know if it was probably already discussed,
but the fact that the creator of Mega Man said recently in Tokyo Game Show
that pretty much Japan was finished in terms of video games and their industry.
Isn't he not the first one to say something like that?
I seem to remember a very similar quote not that long ago from another Japanese developer,
and I think it's just shock and awe quotes.
He's just sad that he didn't come up with Monster Hunter, that's all.
I think that's BS that Japanese game development is dead.
Well, that also brings me up to a discussion to one of the panels I've actually been to in the con this weekend,
which was basically a debate between Western and Japanese video games,
and they did bring up that particular rant.
From how the debate went, we pretty much settled on the fact that Japan is a clash of cultures.
You could put it that way.
In other words, where you have the Japanese with their strong work ethic
and the fact that they only help themselves, not each other,
whereas Western developers or just Western business companies for that matter,
you have to work within a team.
Isn't this just a little bit, though?
I wouldn't see it as the apocalypse that all these guys are proclaiming to me.
I know.
That says he's probably crying wolf a bit too early.
Here it is, Zaku.
American development for many years sucked balls.
Where did we get all of our games from?
All of them, Zaku, came from Japan just 20 years ago.
When American developers would do it, they would almost just fail miserably.
Remember Secret of Evermore?
I like that game, and a lot of people hated that game.
But here's the thing.
Just Japanese development has dominated for so long.
I don't think it's so much that Japanese development is dead.
Just Japanese development is having to share the spotlight a little bit.
Yeah, of course.
Right now, they have to contend with the fact that the Western video game market at this point is pretty solid.
You have the 360, which has the largest install base of any console right now on the planet.
In the U.S., Europe.
You'd be surprised.
The fact of the matter is that there are...
Actually, no, it doesn't have the largest install base because the Wii is still number one around the world.
Yeah, that's true.
Aside from the Wii, in terms of hardcore...
I consider the Wii more of the casual system, even though it hasn't really appealed that much to hardcore,
with the exception of Super Mario Galaxy and Smash Bros.
This is another reason why Japan is...
So you're just saying compare to Sony?
You're saying compare to Sony.
No, no, no.
The point that I'm trying to make is that Japan couldn't see the writings on the wall a lot sooner than later.
And now they have the deer in the headlights look all of a sudden,
even though we and most of the world already knew that they weren't the only game in town anymore.
Yeah, they give you an example here.
The Wii right now worldwide is 53.47 million units, whereas the Xbox 360 is 32.10 million.
And then, of course, the PlayStation 3, a little bit catching up now, I think.
They're down to 24.55 million.
Right. I mean, it pretty much goes back into what others...
I guess in a way he's right.
And this is what happened.
I mean, Microsoft pretty much realized that the only way to create a powerful platform,
a world-class platform, is that they have to appeal more to developers and essentially throw money at them.
I mean, that's how they managed to roll out more 360s in Japan than the original Xbox.
So even though it still hasn't beaten the PS3 yet, it's getting close.
I mean, for all intents and purposes, you could say that it's razor thin at this point, the margin between the two.
All right. Well, Zaku, we've got to wrap up and let you go.
Do you have any other quick thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Worst game of all time, Final Fantasy VII. That wasn't me saying it. That was pretty much a panel that I went to today.
I think there are millions of people that would disagree with you.
All right. Take care, Zaku.
Bye.
Everybody knows that the worst game of all time is Driver 3.
I know. Please. Please.
Anybody that says that Final Fantasy VII is the worst game of all time, I laugh in your face.
Aha! I laugh in your face because I've played plenty of games this year that were worse than Final Fantasy VII.
Try this. Final Fantasy VII is not necessarily the best game of all time. I think that's what you meant to say.
Just like, you know, the Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time is overrated.
I know. I could think of literally hundreds of games off the top of my head that are worse than Final Fantasy VII that I think we all could agree on.
Yaris!
Yes, thank you. There's plenty. There's plenty.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator. What's on your mind tonight?
I just had two quick questions because I know you're about to wrap up.
Yeah, what's up?
Yeah, they're kind of interrelated.
And as far as home is concerned, have you heard anything about their announced update?
I think they're calling it 1.3.
For what is this?
For PlayStation Home?
I think I saw some stuff online. I didn't think there was anything super major that I read about in it.
I mean, I don't think this is getting the showing of the trophies or any of that that we saw about.
I want to say I thought I saw something when I logged in the other day, but I don't think there was anything major, right?
Yeah, I don't think I ever saw a bullet point on there for fun.
So I wasn't really interested in it at all.
Now Spazinator, you've checked out the OLR Clubhouse, right?
Yeah.
Have I done a nice job decorating?
Yeah, in fact, since you touched on it, my second question relates to the Clubhouse.
I noticed that right behind the stage, towards near the ceiling, there looks like there's some kind of TV screen or something like that.
Yes.
Does that serve a purpose or is it just decorations?
You know what? It's there in the house when you purchase it. It's part of the default.
It's not something I added. It was just there in the house.
But you can't do anything with it. You can just look at a blank video screen.
My hope is that someday they're going to let us as the club owners put a video in there because I would love to give you an exclusive little OLR behind the scenes video or something.
I would love to put a five-minute video of us taping the show or something before or after the show in home.
That would be awesome and give people a reason to go to home.
But I can't do that yet. That's not something they're letting us do.
Yeah, they're still working out for a reason to buy the PSP Go.
Look, I'm sure that they don't want just anything on those monitors because the video I could put on there could also be me whipping it out.
I don't think they want people to be able to put that. Trust me, I don't want to put that up either.
Nobody wants to see that.
But what I'm saying is that there's no content control there and also copyright. How do they know I'm not going to put up a movie?
I could also see them using that screen as some type of, let's say there's a massive Sony event that's going to happen like another E3 press conference or something.
They could beam that to all of the clubhouses, but I don't know. I don't see them doing that.
Right now, it is 100% completely useless, Spaznator. I'm sorry to say. It's decoration only.
It's like an analog TV now. Yes.
Yeah, I was thinking. I know you guys have a whole bunch of videos on YouTube. Just recently, you put up the video of Jamie's vault along with their printball machine collection.
They would be great for the TV screen and for anyone that buys any of the content through the video section of the store.
I would imagine it's very
Spaznator, the minute that Sony lets us put those YouTubes on that TV in the clubhouse, I am so there.
Also, I would love them to just open up the clubhouse to everybody. Why be a member of the club?
I would love to make my club public so that way lots of people can explore the clubhouse, see the video, and go,
Oh, these guys look kind of crazy. Maybe I'll listen to the show. I think it would be great promotion, but sadly
And I understand. It's a big deal for Sony to hit the switch because if they allow people to post their own videos, there's huge copyright things they're going to have to deal with.
So I can understand why I don't get what I want, but believe me, the day they figure it all out, even if they have to review each piece of submitted content,
we don't have anything copyright in ours, so we would submit it and hopefully it will be on there.
Well, thanks for taking my call, and I want to go. Like I said, you're probably here to wrap up the show.
Yeah, pretty soon here. All right. Well, thank you, Spaz. Take care, and we'll talk to you later week, all right?
Sure. Sounds good. Later. Take care.
I don't see why we can't take a couple more calls. It's not even nine o'clock yet. We're good.
I'd like one more call. 1-877-GAME-OLR. The username on Skype is OrangeLaunchRadio. Do you have any other stories you want to get to?
Yes, sure. Let's see. Frank West coming to Tatsunoko versus Capcom. Well, we already kind of knew that, but they have pictures now, and it looks like he has all sorts of crazy moves.
Oh, hello. This is DS Master 26.
Yes, I just picked up the phone, obviously. Hi, what's on your mind?
Not much. Just been playing a few new games, and lo and behold, if you were reading the chat at all, my girlfriend, who was here a while ago, she ain't here now.
We were playing Rock Band. She accidentally unplugged my 360 in the middle of achievement for Guitar Hero 2, which was watching the whole credits roll.
That bitch! I'm just kidding. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Girls 101. Don't laugh at me. Threaten to kick my ass.
Basically, then I replugged it in. It's my friend's 360, mind you, and he let me borrow it for the weekend, thank God, because I've been wanting to try a 360 for a while for one, not one of those demo kiosks.
And so, then it Red Ringed on me. And then I'm like, oh, crap. So, I have Rock Band for the Wii, and I'm like, okay, I'll put this under the TellTrix thing for the 25 minutes or whenever, and we'll play Rock Band on the Wii.
But lo and behold, it has an update, and in the middle of that, Power Outage for a second, it bricked my Wii, and now I have the Blue Light of Death. Not kidding.
The Blue Light Special Death. Hold on. Did you get to grab your girlfriend's boobies tonight?
No, but... Well, you have had a really bad day, then. I mean, I would think that at least to some type of concession for your bad day, she should be like, okay, I'll let you grab a boob. You know?
No, but we did actually kind of started crying on the point where Kairi disappears on Kingdom Hearts three and a half days. And, spoiler alert, sorry, but basically, oh yeah, and I forgot to mention, I saw an Xbox 360 console with a pay-to-play method at the arcades.
Where it's like, okay, four tokens, four minutes, eight tokens, eight minutes, so and so forth, and I saw one, it was a modded Xbox, I swear to God, with a Japanese, weak copy of BeatMania 17 2DX.
Yeah, I've seen arcades put StepMania machines in and try to make money off of it, so you know, I was part of that.
And of all things, it was jerry-rigged into an actual BeatMania cabinet with the controller and everything, which I thought was kind of cool, but it was right next door to an actual BeatMania machine.
And not only do they have that, but they also have it with DDR Universe and one with a hard pad, they have the Rock Band game there to play, and they even got some PlayStation 3's jerry-rigged up that way, too, with the token play stuff.
Where's this place at? What's it called?
Family Fun Center. It's in Omaha. FamilyFunCenter.net. Check it.
Alright, well thanks for ratting them out. The developers that listen to this show will be glad to know.
And when that place closes down, rest in peace knowing it's all your fault.
Honestly, they're not doing anything wrong. I mean, I don't think you, I'm sure that there's a fine print or something, but they do sell those actual kits that you can do pay-for-play stuff on the PS3 and all that stuff.
It hooks up via JAMA and that kind of stuff. In fact, I was actually looking into getting some JAMA connectors for my Wii and stuff.
That way I can do Tatsunoko vs Capcom on my arcade cabinet or, you know, stuff for my 360 or whatnot.
I mean, because it's all available out there. It's just pay-for-play stuff. It's annoying, I guess, because consoles aren't meant for that.
See, and I actually, I had three tokens left after the first BeatMania session, and actually it was four minutes in. I was in the middle of the hardest song, V, and I was near to tripling it.
I was at the last second of it, and then pop up and did this ten second countdown for me to put in four extra tokens. I'm like, screw this, because I only have three left.
And I popped it in the actual BeatMania machine.
You know what, that's what you get for playing V. Because seriously, that song is just overdone. Let it sit. That's what you get for playing V.
Alright, all joking aside, I know I've been rousing you tonight, but you let me. Thank you for calling in, and quick final thoughts for our listeners before we let you go.
Definitely keep the good shows rocking, and actually, I'm the one who sent that one D.S. Silver's Mire code name. I like RPGs and music titles. Give me a few quick recommendations on XPLA and normal titles.
Oh, on my Xbox? I haven't signed into my Xbox in like a week. Or, I mean, a month.
No, on just Xbox 360 itself, what would you recommend?
Oh, what would I recommend on Xbox 360? You said you're into RPGs?
Yeah, RPGs, music, and racing.
Lost Odyssey, definitely Lost Odyssey. Blur is going to be a great racing game when it comes out. As far as what's out right now, maybe, it depends what kind of racing you like.
Need for Speed Shift just came out, except it has a little game-breaking bug in it, but hey.
And then as far as, what was the other one? You said RPGs?
Burnout, Paradise.
No, RPGs, driving, and?
Music.
Music.
Oh, dude. Rock Band or Guitar Hero? Honestly, they're as good as everybody says they are. They're a little beaten into the ground, but if you don't have one yet, go get Rock Band 2, one of the Guitar Heroes, go get them.
I'm waiting for Scratch. Because that's the only thing close to BeatMania with DLC we're ever going to get here, because I figured out now they're never going to release BeatMania ever again here in the States, which sucks.
Welcome to what I told you years ago.
They might do a BeatMania on PS3, and then that way it'll be region-free, so you will be able to get a BeatMania here.
Alright, I gotta let you go, DS Master, but take care, buddy.
Alright, keep the shows rocking, and peace out.
Peace out! Alright. I give him a hard time.
Why does my head hurt more?
Alright, does your headache get worse? He's a loud caller.
Fortunately, I can't normalize the audio on Skype. I'm sorry, guys. Alright, we are going to close the Skype line, though.
We took like six calls tonight. That's a lot of calls, but we had some extra time tonight without DarkSakura here, and just not saying her, but just the fact that there's two hosts instead of three.
The show always seems to move a little faster because there's less people wanting to interject their opinions, so we get your opinions a little more, I'm sure, you guys. I appreciate it.
AJ Mixx in chat says, Konami hates America too much to release good BeatMania here.
No, instead we get Walk It Out and Twilight.
Yippie skippy. Doesn't that pop in music game on the Wii look horrendous, but granted, isn't Japan getting that too? That's not just us.
They already got it. We're getting it soon.
And we get the crappy DDR.
Which, by the way, remember how it was just Dance Dance Revolution at one time?
Yes.
They were playing out in the three different games. Now they're going to do X2, Hottest Party 3, and then whatever the fuck. They're going to call it PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions.
Because the new, new one on the 360 and PS3 looked pretty sweet. It looked pretty epic, actually. I'm curious on this.
But the thing is, though, they're going to be identical games. I mean, pretty much.
That's fine.
They're just changing the names so that people don't realize it.
Well, don't we see the same game get ported to two different systems all the frickin' time? I'm okay with that. If they're combining resources to make one really fucking good game across both consoles, I'm okay with that. Especially if it's not.
We'll see. We'll see. Jury's out.
All right. We're going to go ahead and wrap up the show tonight. We're done with Skypline tonight. Sorry to those who didn't get through, but consider sending us an email. We'd love to hear from you.
We're going to wrap up and get everybody's final thought tonight. Unfortunately, Dark Sakura's not here right now. Maybe she'll come in during Afterbirth. I don't know. For live only folks.
But I'm sure she would say goodnight and reject fault icons or something like that. Loki, your final thought tonight?
I want my headache to go away. Now.
My final thought is I am looking at Loki's bag from McDonald's and my mouth is watering because I'm hungry.
There's fries in there.
Is there? They're cold by now.
Well, I threw them. Yeah.
They weren't good to begin with.
I'll stop by on the way home. There's a pretty good McDonald's by my house.
All right. That's it. We're done. We're out of here. We will not be here next week, but we will have a best of so stay tuned to all games radio.
We'll have a best of on the network next week and with some new content.
So I don't want you to think it's simply old rehashed stuff.
We're going to give some new stuff for our faithful listeners to we will be back in two weeks live.
I apologize for all the time off recently. It's totally my fault, but I'm in it for the rest of the year.
You know, it just so happens that October is a crazy month.
What can I say? Have a good night, everybody. We'll see you in two weeks here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
