Today, September 6th, 2009, a once-pay-wee channel goes free, a new racing game will
be integrating Twitter, and we recap and talk about the news from PAX 2009.
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week here of
Orange Lounge Radio. We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming,
gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. We tape live every Sunday night at www.allgames.com.
A big thanks to our friends at All Games Radio for letting us steal their bandwidth every week.
I'm here with you for the next three hours. My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me, as always,
for the past seven and a half years, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura,
Jamie Summers. Nom, nom, nom. Nom, nom, nom. How are you? Nomming. Okay, quickly,
Orange Lounge Fudio, what are you nomming on tonight? Brains. Shut up. Pizza. Pizza.
With extra garlic. It's a cheese pizza, but I added garlic to it because garlic makes
everything better. It will keep the vampires away. Awesome. Also, joining us tonight,
say hello to the one and only Loki. Hello. Loki, you look like you're listening to
something else over there. I'm trying to, but I hate these, like, earbud headphones.
What are you, uh, any hints on what you, is this cage match for later, or what is it? Yeah,
because I didn't pick anything. I see. Per usual. All right, and if you don't know what
I'm talking about, that's because you've never tuned in live before. We do a little,
little special thing after the show. You'll have to tune in live sometime. I'm hoping,
because it's Labor Day, maybe we get some people listening live that haven't listened before. So,
a big hello to all of you, uh, that are new to us broadcasting live. Be sure to join our chat room,
chat.orangeloungeradio.com, and we will read, uh, some comments from chat, and, uh, comment
from the Rob D in chat, uh, early this evening. You know it's PAX weekend when Orange Lounge is
talking old DDR, and AllGames.com is discussing condom reviews. I guess the AllGames chat is
talking about, uh, condoms. So, uh, way to be mature. No, I'm... Please, like, I should be
judging on that, uh, part. Um, we're completely immature here on Orange Lounge Radio, but I'm
glad the Rob D brought up PAX, because it is Penny Arcade Week, uh, Penny Arcade Expo Weekend.
Sadly, the three of us could not go this year. We all went last year, but we kinda ate the money
in the budget for E3. But, our dear friend, Bobby Blackwolf, is live at the show. We're gonna call
him right now, and talk to him about Penny Arcade Expo. One ringy dingy dingy.
Farid Exterminators.
Hi, Bobby.
Hey, Bob. Hey, Rob. What's up, guys?
Not much. How are you doing?
Doing good. It's, uh, been a long weekend, but I've had a lot of fun here.
Alright, Bobby Blackwolf, of course. I need to give you a proper introduction. He is the man who
takes the Bobby Blackwolf show live at five o'clock right before we are live. He sadly was
not live tonight, but he did have a sneak peek of the rock band Beatles that he got a little early
from Harmonix. So, uh, props to you, Blackwolf.
And, by the way, it's the Beatles rock band. They are very strict on that.
Oh. Oh, well, I am sorry. The Beatles rock band. I'm sorry. Beatles first. How dare I?
Of course, the Beatles always first. Alright, well, Bobby, let's talk about it. If they want to hear
Beatles rock band, they can download that show. Bobby, let's talk about PAX. How was it? Did you have fun?
I had fun. And, I mean, I kind of did kind of what you guys did at E3. We did not do any appointments.
We did not set any interviews. So, we were able to just kind of go around and spend as much or as
little time as we wanted. And, but, for those of us who did go to E3, there's a lot here that was
repeated and regurgitated. A lot of the same E3 builds, the E3 demos were here on the show floor.
But, it was nice to see regular folk get a chance at the same things that we saw a couple months ago.
So, it was a lot of fun to see their reactions, see what they thought about it.
You know, I kind of had a feeling that what happened is that you'd see at Penny Arcade Expo
kind of a lot of the same stuff that you saw at E3. And, let's not forget Blizzcon because, you know,
Blizzard showed up at PAX. They didn't go to E3, but brought mini Blizzcon with them a little bit.
What was, did you see anything interesting to you that you did not see at E3? Some new things?
Well, one of them I saw was Star Trek Online.
Oh snap. You know I want the details on this.
So, you know, I played through one of their episodes, like they did any episode type of thing
where you start off in your ship and you kind of fly around and they say you get a distress call.
So, you go and you fight some Klingon birds of prey in the ship combat, and then you beam down
to the planet, which was kind of like the city on the edge of forever, and the Klingons are trying
to take over the forever. And so, you had to defend it and then talk to it, and that was kind
of the end of the mission. But, it kind of showed, you know, the combat and stuff, and it's another
one of those MMOs where, you know, you press one to do this attack and two to do this attack.
But, they really captured the Star Trek feel, especially in the HUD a lot.
So, I'm looking forward to it. There is a closed beta that you can sign up for on their website.
You didn't have to be just attacked to get it. So, I encourage people to go to their website
and sign up for that closed beta if they're interested in it.
I did.
Yes, and we'll be giving more details on that a little later on in the show. I think that's one
of our stories coming up a little later. But, my question about Star Trek Online, was it fun?
It was fun, the little bit that they showed, but they even said that, you know, this was a very
small episode. What they're basically doing, their missions are scheduled to be kind of like 45
minutes to an hour, and they're calling them episodes. They're hiring Star Trek writers.
Oh, nice.
So, they were basically just showing the combat portion, but they said there's going to be
puzzles and other things to do that aren't, you know, just fight, fight, fight. But, here at PAX,
they were just showing the fighting. But, it was fun. It was kind of a nice little taste.
But, they said it's going to be in 45 minutes to one hour chunks, just like an episode instance
for up to five people. So, it could be a lot of fun.
It's interesting. It sounds like they borrowed some ideas from WoW, which I guess are kind of
general MMO things anyway, but the whole like, you know, one, two, three combat and the instances of
five people. Kind of interesting. Anything else on the show floor that caught your attention that
didn't catch at E3?
Well, I actually got to play Heavy Rain this time around, which I missed at E3. And, it was kind of
interesting watching, like, going through the line of people and basically Heavy Rain. It reminds me
a lot of Shenmue. Like, I really didn't understand or get what Heavy Rain was, but it's basically,
you know, quick time action sequences along with tank driving in terms of moving your character.
But, it's basically, there's a gunpoint heist in a grocery store or a quickie mark. And, basically,
you can actually determine how it ends up. And, the guy before me actually convinced the guy to
leave the store. And, I had to punch him in the face. But, it was a very interesting mechanic and
just interesting the way that it went down. And, it's not a game. I, you know, I haven't seen this
kind of gameplay all that much in terms of a whole game. I've seen it in, like, minigames and, like,
God of War and, you know, and Shenmue and things like that. But, it's going to be kind of interesting
to see how this game really turns out longer than a five-minute demo.
All right. Well, we're monitoring our chat room at chat.orangeontrader.com. We're getting some
questions for you, Bobby. Act Def wants to know about Scribblenauts. Did you go to the Scribblenauts
panel? Was it there on the show floor? I did not go to the panel, but they were once again on the
corner of the show floor where they belong, apparently. But, they brought this kiosk and
the lines were long the entire time. But, I actually did talk to them and even talked to some
of the developers. And, for people who've listened to my show for a long time, know that when I went
to GDC in 2007, one of the student competition IGF winners I interviewed with a group that made
a game called Toblo. And, during that interview, I was apparently, I met up with the guy that I
interviewed then. He said I was one of the three people that wanted to talk to them at GDC.
And, they thought it was really cool. And, apparently, I announced their first game,
Drawn to Life, because he had talked about it on our show, gave us a rundown,
well before they had even done any kind of formal announcements or anything like that.
And, he didn't get in trouble. But, it was kind of neat to hear him talk about it and how he
remembered me. And, it was kind of cool to talk to them. And, I did get to play one level, just
getting one of the stars. But, that was about all I could do because it was near the end of the show
and the lines were just so long the entire show. Right. What a turnaround from E3 because we walked
right up to the kiosk at E3. So, apparently, word of mouth is spreading. Yeah. Well, they've been
very happy with all the coverage and surprised. They didn't think they would get the kind of
coverage that they got. And so, they came a little bit more prepared this time, like WB,
their little booth. They were showing Fear II and Scribblenauts. And, that's it. And, they had
six Scribblenauts kiosks and two K kiosks for Fear II or a Fear thing or something. Fear II or what.
Yeah. Why would they show Fear II? It's been out forever now. I don't know. Well, it was a Fear
something. I didn't look at it because Scribblenauts was next to it. Maybe it was a new platform.
There might be a new expansion or something. Yeah. Bobby, what about others? Oh, go ahead.
No. There were some games that were already out, like Metroid Prime, the trilogy was in Nintendo's
booth. And, it's already out in stores. But, they were bribing people with t-shirts if they came up
and played it. So, there was some stuff that's already out. Bobby, let me ask you about other
live events going on at the show, like panels, concerts. I don't know if you got to do any of
those. I know last year when we all went, we didn't do a whole lot of those because we were
broadcasting, but since you didn't have that this year, did you get to experience a lot outside of
the show for any of the events? No, because I was able to get into a lot of the parties,
a lot of the company parties. So, I didn't really get into any of the panels or anything. But,
I mean, I'm very happy because I've been a fan of Paul and Storm and Jonathan Colton for a long
time. And, you know, they're coming to Rock Band this week. That's the PAX Pack. And, I've actually
referenced Paul and Storm several times on the show. Every time I reference myself as an opening
band, that's the song that's going to be in Rock Band 2. So, once again, we're showcasing
artists that people are going to know very soon. Very cool. And, you know, it's interesting. I
heard at the Rock Band panel, they actually were putting together one of Jonathan Colton's songs
in the new indie development, the Rock Band Network, which I guess is a pretty cool thing
to experience. So, well, okay then, if you went to parties, what can you tell us about some of
the parties that were going on? CPP people are freaky. That was probably the most hilarious one,
just because it's not my scene. CPP bought White Wolf, which is World of Darkness,
and they did, usually at Dragon Con, they do the Succubus Club, which is at like this
golf night club or whatever. And, you know, just a lot of weird things happen from that scene.
I think we got an invite to something like that in E3. Let's have pictures of that.
Yeah, there's probably pictures of it. I mean, we saw, like, when I was there, it was just,
the comedy was great, where they had a guy doing, like, this whole routine with a lightsaber,
techno music, and actually the techno music was actually going with, he was timing the
lightsaber moves with the bass and stuff. And, you know, seeing people use iPhones as glow sticks,
because they didn't have the wrong, you know, I mean, the glow stick app's pretty funny.
Yeah, they weren't even doing that. They just had, like, the screen on, the home screen on,
and they were just waving them around. Nice. Very nice. Well, Bobby, before we let you go,
because I know you want to get a flight and all that fun stuff, I want to know, like,
what was the best thing about PAX, and what was the worst thing about PAX?
The best thing about PAX is that it started, and the worst thing is that it ended.
That's a tricky response. All right, how did it compare to E3 this year?
Well, see, you can't really compare it to E3. I mean, basically, I can actually compare
PAX to last year. There were 70,000 people here. All the badges were sold out. You know,
my girlfriend actually bought a badge. She thought she was coming out, and she didn't,
and she wound up being able to sell it for 170 bucks. So I thought it was going to be very
crowded. I say I thought, but the difference between PAX with 70,000 people and, say, E3
2006 with 68,000 people is that PAX is spread out. Not all 70,000 people are trying to be on
the expo hall at the same time, whereas E3, pretty much you could say 60,000 of the 68,000
were all trying to be in the exhibit hall, so you couldn't move around. Other than when they
were throwing T-shirts and giving away raffles, I could still walk around just fine. Now, the big
games I had to wait in line to play, but it was pretty manageable. You didn't think that there
were 70,000 people here this weekend. Interesting. I guess a lot go for the live gaming events,
too, and I bet those rooms take away quite a few people. And I think when they say 70,000,
they also, you know, that's spread out through the three days. PAX sells a lot of individual day
badges, too, and it's never really, I think, accounted for just how many they're selling
of those Friday, Saturday, Sunday badges. Well, they have the numbers because the convention
center actually let them sell 1,000 of the one-day PAX for Saturday and Sunday at the last minute,
and they were very surprised about that. Oh, wow. So, I mean, so people who did come up here
hoping to get a badge were actually able to get badges at the last minute, so that was really
nice. But basically, the thing is, there's only two or three events at this convention center
that take up the entire center. Usually, they double book. They had a Jewish convention
last year. I don't know if you ever remember that. Yeah, I do remember that. Way up on the sixth floor.
PAX actually had the entire building this time, and they're like one of two events in the entire
year that actually need the entire building, and that's also why they're on Labor Day weekend,
because that's the only time they can schedule just one event. Wow. Yeah, I heard SoccerCon,
I think, is the other event, if I remember right, which is a big anime thing they do up there, so.
I still want to go. Busy, busy, busy. Well, Bobby, before we let you go, anything else you want to
us to share about your experiences at PAX, or any plugs you want to give, or what have you?
Not really. I mean, I walked in, and I wanted to bring up one other game that I saw a demo of that
I didn't see at E3, and that's Red Dead Redemption was Rockstar's big game that they were trying to
show off here, and it's basically GTA meets Wild West. I know, it looks awesome. And if you thought
Liberty City was big, or not Liberty, yeah Liberty City, if you thought GTA 4 was big, this one is
huge, open world, it's basically GTA Wild West, and it actually looked really good from the demo
they showed, so that shows that they can make a good demo, so we'll see, eventually. And the
Flipsecond guys were there, people were playing Flipsecond, and they say that's probably going to
be in spring of 2010 or summer, they say it's kind of been pushed back, which means they have
even more time to work on it from what we saw at E3. Awesome, well that was definitely one of the
all-stars at E3, so I'm hoping they got a lot of air time, I guess you could say, out there on the
show floor, so sounds like a lot of fun stuff. Did you, was DJ Hero playable there? Activision
was not here. Ah, they suck. Blizzard was, though, that's interesting. Blizzard was here.
Interesting. But Activision apparently did like an invite-only event Thursday night, and that's
when they showed off some stuff, but I was not invited to that, so I didn't get to go to that,
but no, Activision themselves were not physically here at the show this year.
I did think of one more question I have for you, Bobby, because it just sprung to mind,
because unfortunately none of us were able to go to PAX West this year, or PAX Prime,
I guess as they're calling it. What about PAX East? Was there any kind of clues or hints or
promos going on for PAX East, an idea what to expect?
No, not really, and even like the enforcers don't know if they're working PAX East,
like I was talking to the media guy, because I want to start doing broadcasting again. They
couldn't fit us in, like the space that we were in last year for All Games Radio
was taken up by other tables, so like there was like tabletop gaming going on in that area,
and that's why we couldn't have that area, and they didn't want to run the network all the way
across, but I asked them, I'm like, are you the new guy that's running the media? He said,
I asked them, are you running the media at Boston? So we can go ahead and kind of start
talking about that, and he's like, I don't know. So basically, here's the thing that he did tell
me, is that PAX East has been outsourced to another company, so it's not the same people
running it. So I don't know if that's going to change how it feels or not, because I mean,
the guys that run PAX are just a little bit too overwhelmed with this show. So they've kind of
had to farm it out and outsource it to another company while still having the reins on it, but
we don't know if it's going to be the same as this. It's going to be kind of interesting.
That is very interesting news. I'm very curious to see how PAX East develops, but I know,
excuse me, I know I'm heading out there one way or another. I've always wanted to go to Boston.
I have some friends out there. I want to go to the con. We have a lot of OR listeners on the East
Coast. I definitely want to go, and hopefully Dark Soccer or Loki can swing it, but if they can't,
then that's fine. We'll have Orange Lawns Radio one way or another coming from PAX East.
Yep, and I'll be up there too. So this Friday, we're actually going to be running a show on my TV
show Friday Night Gaming. We're actually going to be running one of the games that's here that comes
out this week. I don't know if you've heard of Darkest of Dates. It is a time-traveling first
person shooter, and it's actually by the same guys that make the real deal casino game.
Yeah, it looked funny.
It's kind of funny. But it was cool. They're coming out on PC and 360,
and we're going to be running it on fnglive.net this Friday.
All right. So Bobby Blackwell coming to us. That's all right. Bobby Blackwell coming to us live from
Penny Arcade Expo. If you want to hear more Bobby, he has two shows he hosts. He's a busy guy,
Friday Night Gaming, fnglive.net, as you just heard about, and of course, the Bobby Blackwell
show right before us on All Games Radio on Sunday nights. Bobby, thank you so much for
taking the time out to talk to us tonight.
No problem. Thanks for interrupting your show flow to get me in.
No problem. Anytime for you, Bobby. You always have us on your show every week.
Have a very safe flight home, okay?
All right. Thank you.
All right. Take care. Bobby Blackwell live on Orange Lawn's radio, everybody. He always gives
us like five minutes on his show every week. We can give him 15 on our show tonight, and a lot
of great... I had no idea that Paxis was being run by a different company. That's huge news,
in my opinion. Well, I don't know if it's huge news, but it's a huge interesting thing I didn't
think about before. That's very interesting. That game Darkest of Days looks funny. It's basically,
you can time travel to the past like the Civil War with giant weapons that you could totally
hick everyone's ass with. Nice.
It is intriguing, so I may have to try that. Very nice. All right. Well, hey, even though that was
the start of our show tonight, we always like to start off the show normally with our gaming week,
so we're gonna get right back into Orange Lawn's radio. We have plenty to talk about,
not just stuff from Pax, other news, and of course, how we always start off our gaming week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I shook my butt. I played Para Para First Mix and played a lot of 2DX Distorted,
and what was that weird trippy ass game that you told me, here, play?
DJ Max Technica, a new arcade game.
It was all right. Not really my thing. It's a little too K-pop.
Although it was pretty. I did have a good time playing it. It was just very K-pop.
Yeah.
It was like, wow, is this Andamiro?
Also, Dan played the new Hydro Thunder spiritual successor. What was it called?
I don't remember the name, but it was a big machine. That was a cool thing. It was
Hydro something or Hydra, Hydro something. It was a cool little game. Big, big machine.
Dan was like, give me the card I wanna play. Give me the card I wanna play. Give me the card
I wanna play. Oh yeah, and I played that punching bag game, which was stupid because it was in the
corner and I was bored. And then I played lots of Sims 3, and I played some Ragnarok online
before I got completely just fed up, fed up. And I have a guilty admission.
What's that?
I'm downloading. Well, I downloaded. Shut up. I'm not an addict. I haven't touched it in two years.
Yeah, my last date of playing was October of 2007.
What were you playing?
I haven't played it yet. I'm just downloading it.
But you're going to play?
World of Warcraft.
That's okay. I reactivated my account this week too.
Ha, you're the addict.
Hey, shut up. Shut it. Shut it. You're just as bad.
But not really. I did check, and the last time I played was in October 2007.
Geez. You should've let me cast a Scroll of Resurrection on you. I would've got a free month.
Someone else did.
Ah, cursed them. Alright. Well, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was alright. I'm having a love-hate relationship right now with Rockstar,
unfortunately. I love the new trailer for The Ballad of the Gay Tony. It's really making me
excited of the next expansion they're going to have, because it's now more kind of over-the-top
stuff. I did play more Grand Theft Auto this week. However, they did patch Grand Theft Auto
so that we can't run our modded games anymore, which is very... We were completely depressed
for the remainder of the week. It's absolute crap. However, I am not letting that stop me,
and I will get by this one way or another.
They'll find a way around it eventually.
I'm already kind of working on a way. So yeah, it's kind of annoying, but I understand they did
it for the greater good, because there's assholes out there that like to ruin everybody's games by
doing all these different cheat things and stuff, and not exactly in the closed environments that
we're playing in. But hey, whatever. Still, though, it sucks that some people have to
ruin it for everybody else. The other game I played, not that I got an early media copy,
but I did get an early copy of The Beatles' Rock Band. And honestly, I think one of the things you
got to consider when you're planning on buying The Beatles' Rock Band is you better damn well
be a Beatles fan, because if you're not, then you're not going to enjoy it too much.
I'm okay with The Beatles. I don't hate their music. I like some of their songs, but it kind
of lost, after playing it for a little bit, it kind of lost its appeal. It's just like,
oh yeah, that's really cool, amazing, all these dreamscapes and stuff, and now I've seen them,
and it's just Rock Band. I don't know.
So you're saying the presentation is somebody who is not as into The Beatles. Kind of the
presentation and the new packaging of Rock Band kind of wore off on you really quick?
Yes. It's not a bad game by any means. It's just, for me, I can't see myself playing this for a
long time. If I could have imported my songs or imported these songs into Rock Band 2 or something,
maybe I would have gotten more life out of it. But I don't know, it looks fun. I think it might
be fun to bring out parties or something, but I couldn't see myself actually playing this for an
extended period of time. But it's neat, given that, but I don't know. I think going forward,
if there's any single band games or single artist games that they're going to be coming out with,
I'll have to really evaluate whether I like that artist a lot or not. You know, if they did like
a Michael Jackson game or something like that, I might be tempted. But The Beatles, it's pretty
good. If you like The Beatles, you'll definitely like this game, and other than that, I mean,
it's just basically Rock Band with three-part harmonies. Although I don't have three microphones,
so, you know. And I don't sing either. A lot of reviews, I guess the embargo or whatever was
lifted the other day, because all of a sudden there was just a ton of reviews that all hit
the internet at once. And I'm seeing a lot of positive about the presentation, the way it looks,
the way that it really feels like The Beatles. It's kind of interesting. You're one of the first
negative things I've heard. Not so much negative, but just the fact that, as someone who's not as
into The Beatles, it wore off on me. Interesting. I mean, let me put it this way, I'd be less
satisfied with a Guitar Hero release that is basically just reskinned. They didn't put any
effort into the presentation. I still love the intro to the game, and it's awesome. I haven't
really played much of the story. It's mainly been just the quick play stuff. But, I don't know,
it's neat. For me, I don't listen to Beatles music that much. I recognize their songs, but I don't
really go seek out Beatles music. Let me ask you one more question. If you were, let's say, imagine
that you were a hardcore Beatles fan, how do you think this game would compare to other artists'
solitary games, such as Guitar Hero, Aerosmith, or the ACDC expansion for Rock Band? Oh, yeah,
this would be awesome. I mean, they totally nailed The Beatles and just the whole feel of the game
and everything. I like that. I really dig that. But, it's just, I'm not a huge fan of The Beatles.
But, yeah, if they put that amount of effort into other artists' games, then I would still be
likely to check them out. Even though I'm not a big fan of The Beatles, I still bought a copy of
it because it looked really cool. I don't think I wasted my money on it. I'm not going to enjoy it
as much as Rock Band, where if I don't like a track in it or whatever, it doesn't really matter
because I can just always get different artists and stuff later on. Whereas, The Beatles stuff,
if I don't like the tracks in it, I can't really buy more tracks because they're just more Beatles
music. Going to our chat room, chat.orangelawnsradio.com, certainly a lot of comments going
on about The Beatles' Rock Band. J-Rod in chat says, so because Rock Band Beatles has an opening
cut scene, it's not a reskinned version and, quote, better than the Guitar Hero artist games.
Oh, God, my brain is raging so hard. Well, let's not forget, this is not the first Rock Band
artist-dedicated game. There was an ACDC game that a lot of people forget came out last year that was,
I mean, it was probably even worse than the Guitar Hero games, right?
Well, yeah, that was something that they did for Walmart.
That was a cash-in, just straight-up cash-in. So, you know, it's not like they've always done
perfect releases, but to, I guess, kind of defend it a little bit, what do you think makes this
a step above Guitar Hero Aerosmith, Guitar Hero Van Halen, if you do feel it is a step above?
I think the step above is they went beyond just putting the artists in the game and just putting,
like, you know, their tracks and stuff like that. They actually made it very much feel like, you
know, the vibe of the Beatles, just the whole stylized version of the game. Everything is,
like, catered to, you know, their kind of acid, trippy backgrounds that they have going on,
the different songs, just the different styles of, you know, depending on when, you know,
the songs came out, what decade and whatnot. It just really set it apart, I think. Whereas,
like, you know, Guitar Hero Rock Band, or not, Guitar Hero, you know, like, Metallica or Van
Halen or something like that, I mean, those are pretty much all interchangeable. I mean,
they haven't really done anything with the interface other than, you know, replace the logo
in it, and they changed, you know, the models so that it's, like, you know. Which is essentially
what Lego Rock Band is going to be. Yes. True. I mean, let's be fair. Yeah, true. Lego Rock Band's
pretty much going to be the same thing. But the thing with Lego Rock Band, though, is it's also
more like the other Telltale games where they have the little, like, cutscenes there with the
Lego characters and stuff. All the Lego games kind of feel the same as far as that, and they
have a little bit of, like, different elements into there. But yeah, it's really not that much
different than, say, you know, Guitar Hero, Van Halen or something like that. I mean, they have
gone a little bit further in the presentation, but, you know, not enough to where I'm going to
say it's, like, amazing or anything. Yeah, see, I'm not feeling Lego Rock Band. Like, I'm totally,
like, even though I'm, like, just... Yeah, I appreciate the Beatles. I'm all about Beatles
Rock Band, but I think the music games I'll probably buy this holiday season are the
Beatles Rock Band and Guitar Hero 5. What about... And a lot of that boils down to the song list,
because I think Guitar Hero 5 has a great song list for me, especially compared to World Tour.
Like, I really want Guitar Hero 5. Well, we discussed that we were probably going to get
Guitar Hero 5 so we could get the Van Halen, even though I don't... I'm a big fan of Van Hagar and
not, you know, but I'm still more looking forward to Rock Band Beatles, you know, Beatles Rock Band
myself, just because I am a fan. I mean, not as big fan as some people I know, but, you know,
I'm a pretty... I love it, and I'm actually looking forward to the overall experience of it,
you know. Yeah, and I'm just not... I'm not feeling it with Lego or... I don't know enough about Band
Hero. I just... It seems like Band Hero is going to be a little bit... Band Hero should have, like,
marching band moves and stuff. Okay, well, Band Hero is basically just the same thing as Lego
Rock Band. I mean, it's basically their E10 Plus game. It's got a bunch of different artists. You
know who they have pimping it out? Huh. Well, I found out the last artist that they haven't
announced yet. What's that? No Doubt. Well, that's kind of cool, though. I like No Doubt. Yeah,
they have No Doubt's going to be pimping that game out, too. Band Hero? That might... Yeah,
and Band Hero. Okay, I don't... Band Hero might be kind of cool, actually. I don't know. It's
really at this point, especially when you're doing, you know, when the... Well, you know,
you can't really say that for Guitar Hero 5, because Guitar Hero 5 is not a reskinning. They
have gone back and reinvented the game. Now you can play all the instruments. You can't say that.
So, you know, that's another reason why... But Band Hero is a reskinning of Guitar Hero 5. Well,
of Guitar Hero 5. Yeah. So... But I don't know, like, I'm okay with the reskinnings if the song
lists are really, really good. And it sounds like Band Hero might have a pretty good song list. I
don't know. I don't know. Well, all right. Anyways, enough of the music game, blah, blah, blah. So
anything else you're giving me, Louie? Not really, but I'm still waiting for my cabinet to come in.
I got more Dance Mania... I have two Dance Maniac sensors now, which I was hoping to actually create
a real Dance Mania setup to go with my Dance Mania System 573 board. But the problem is,
and I was unaware of this because I actually got the Dance Maniac's manual first sent to me because
I, you know, I would like to know how to wire this thing up. Dance Maniac sensors come in top and
bottom. The bottom have two sensors, one on top, one on bottom, I think, or two on the bottom,
maybe. But the top sensors only have one sensor. And so I got two top sensors, unfortunately,
and now I have to do something or create my own sensors or something. Talk to the guy that sold
them to me to see if he has any bottom sensors, but he hasn't gotten back to me. He doesn't speak
much English either. I'm looking at chat.orangeonstrader.com and Lumi's in chat says,
didn't Rob see No Doubt Paramore concert a few weeks ago? We actually just call that the No Doubt
concert because I didn't care about the other bands on the ticket. But, well, actually the
sounds were pretty freaking awesome as far as that other band, yeah. But No Doubt, like, I'm not
going to lie. I love No Doubt. Okay. I graduated high school in 1996. That was like the year of
No Doubt. You know what? That's like the anthem of high school and everything for me. So you know
what? Like if there was a Guitar Hero No Doubt game, even if it was just like a re-skinning or
whatever, I'd probably buy it because I really like No Doubt. I bought that whole album and rock
band and everything. And yeah, I don't know. Call me a sucker, whatever. But I think a lot of people,
if their favorite band came out in whatever game, would feel the same way. So anyway, I don't want
to get into too much more talking about music games. Well, you heard that Lego Rock Band,
the rumor is that you're going to import those tracks into Rock Band 2. That's kind of cool.
I hope that's the case because I'm going to rent it. Just rent it. Import those tracks.
Shame on you. Hey, do what I can. All right. Hey, Saig is in chat and wants to correct Loki. Tell
Tale Games does not make any of the Lego games. I think you botched the company name when you were
talking about that. I'm sorry. I'm thinking of Traveler or something. Traveler's Tales. I'm
sorry. Traveler's Tales. It's TT. I mean, close, but very different. Sorry. Traveler's Tales.
Whatever. I mean, same initials. That's what I remember. That's right. Anyhow, at least we got
that clarified. Moving on, My Gaming Week. Good lord, I played a lot of games this week, actually.
I want to talk about DJ Max Technica real quick because I know Dark Sakura is kind of about it,
but I really enjoyed it. It was like Elite Beat Agents, basically. Imagine if Elite Beat Agents
were an arcade game where you tap the screen with your finger to hit the buttons. Basically,
what happens, you see a bar going across the top and then it goes back down to the bottom. It's
kind of like running a track around the screen. Then as it passes these dots, you have to tap the
dots to play the music. Or you can drag your finger for some of them and some dots you have
to hit over and over again to hit with a beat of the music. I really like the way it was set up.
I had a really good time playing the game. The only problem I had with the game, the music was
completely uninspiring and not memorable to me. I know that's going to piss a lot of people off
that I said that. Some of the music game fans, especially if you like the Korean pop, but I'm
sorry. It just was not... I wasn't able to distinguish one song from another that I was
playing. I can't put my finger on it. 2DX just has such a variety and such cool songs in it.
A lot of it is so memorable, at least in the past. I would almost say the same is true about
BeatMania 2DX now, ever since 13th Style about there. Too bad they don't have a Ubi machine
there. But the game itself, I thought was a lot of fun. I would play it again. Maybe the musical
grow on me. I don't know. But the game itself I had a lot of fun with. And I'm seeing frowns
in chat. I'm sorry guys. I guess maybe it's a personal preference thing. But the game itself,
pretty cool. Also, some of the stuff I played this week. I played Zen Pinball. It's a pinball
game that's available on PlayStation 3. Did you check this out yet? Not yet, but I saw one of the
games in action. You know what? They have a Street Fighter 2 table that I actually downloaded as
well. Yeah, it's cool. It's a fun little pinball simulator. The only tricky thing about pinball
is that pinball is not really meant for a wide screen TV because the unfortunate thing about
pinball is that you know how a pinball field looks. It's like a wide screen the other way.
And it's not like you're going to turn your television on its side. So unfortunately,
that makes the display a little difficult in a pinball game. But they do the best job they can.
You have different view modes you can use in this game to look at the table from different angles.
It really reminds me of a lot of the pinball games I played on the PC in the 90s. But obviously,
you know, with the high def graphics and all that. I hear there's multiplayer too,
but I haven't tested that mode out online. So I can't really review that component of it yet.
On the PSP this week, I played Rock Band Unplugged, which basically is frequency or
amplitude, but it's the rock band music. It's pretty much what you would expect,
but I had fun with it. But you know what else I had fun with on the PSP?
The things I'm learning about Sony is, and there's so much functionality in the PSP
that I don't think Sony does a really good job at advertising because I was really surprised.
You know, as I was looking at this, you know, I was like, oh yeah, I think we've talked about
this on this show, but damn, I don't really hear about this a lot. And it's actually a really cool
feature of the PSP. And that is that if you have a PSP, like let's say I was here at Jamie's right
now, I could, if I connected to her internet, I could power on my PlayStation 3 from home,
go into my crossbar, see my crossbar on the PSP as I would see it on the PS3,
go to like a movie that I have downloaded on the PS3 or even a data disc full of movies that's
in my PS3 right now. And I can play them, stream them over the internet to my PSP.
That's awesome. Yet, and you know, and it's kind of one of those things where it's like,
oh yeah, I think I remember hearing about this, but damn, they should be shoving this down my
throat. That's really cool functionality. That's way better than anything the DS and the Wii could
ever do. That makes the, that makes the PS3 PSP combo, in my opinion, that much more awesome is
not just the movies thing or the data, this thing, sorry, you can't do Blu-rays or DVDs,
but, um, you can do some of the games too, like especially the PS1 classics and some of the, um,
I don't want to say arcade games, but the PSN downloadable games, you can also play on the PSP
from anywhere by turning on your PS3 from somewhere else. That's like kind of neat. So
that's a remote play, of course, is the feature there that they call that. Anyhow, um, let's see,
what else did I play this week? I want to say there were more games, but I, I can't think of
anything right now, honestly. So I guess I will just leave it at that so we can continue on with
the show because I know we want to get into some gaming news, but first we have some housekeeping
news. Um, not a whole lot of new stuff. I do want to let you guys know I am going to be out in two
weeks. I'll be here next week, but I'll be out in two weeks. So I don't know if there will be a show
or not, but we'll keep you posted, but I'm going to be in LA so I won't be here. So I'm going on
a personal trip. So we'll see what happens in two weeks, but we will be back next week. As far as
other housekeeping goes, uh, you can always follow us on Twitter, www.twitter.com slash O L R. We'll
be getting into Twitter topics a little later in the show. And of course you can always send us
emails, mail back at orange launch ready.com. Don't forget to join us on Facebook at the O L
army or on life journal username orange lounge. All right. How about some gaming news? Loki
start us off tonight with some gaming news. Yes. Lots of gaming news this week. Um, let's see,
let's start off with, um, the rumor and this wasn't exactly a complete rumor, but we knew
it was coming just, I didn't know if it was gonna be coming this soon, but, uh, there are DSI only
games coming this fall apparently. Um, now of course no, you know, official announcements have
been made yet about, you know, actual DSI only games coming in, but apparently a retail source
that spoke with Kotaku said the new, um, DSI exclusive games will be out this fall and they're
actually going to have a little bit of, um, differences to them, distinguishing them from
the other DS games. The cases are going to be white and also they're going to have like a,
you know, only plays on DSI, um, little sticker on them as well to let people know that you can't
buy this for the DS. Now you may be wondering, well, what games are going to be DSI exclusive?
Um, one of them that they have found is a game called Monster Finder. And apparently, um, this
is sort of like, I think it was called, um, sort of similar to Invisimals, which is going to be on
the PSP. I think it basically uses the DSI camera to find monsters, kind of like, uh, I guess, a,
um, I don't know, alternative route or I guess an alternative reality game or something like that.
Augmented reality game, that's the word I'm thinking about. Um, basically you find monsters
and then you collect them and put them against each other, like kind of like Monster Rancher,
but with a camera. It's just sort of like the barcode scanner games back, back when. Yes,
yes, very similar to that too. And, um, so this will be the, this is one of the first DSI only
games. If I remember correctly, I think from looking at Ubisoft, I think there are two more
coming from them, their Style Lab series. I can't remember if those are DSI exclusive.
I know they do use the DSI, but I don't remember if they were exclusive or not because they said
they were, but then the sell sheet said not, but I don't know. Um, but there might be more coming.
So interesting that Nintendo is kind of letting the third parties do this first. You know what
I mean? Like, you know, I'm kind of torn on this. This is one of those things where I'm a little
bit disappointed because I really didn't see the point in getting a DSI because the DS honestly
has everything I want. I don't really need the camera or any of that stuff. I don't, yeah,
I don't think you need this game either. I mean, it's just a lot of these games are going to be
DSI only. They're obviously going to be using the gimmicks of it, the camera. That's basically it.
Here's the thing. How long, Loki? And you know this is going to happen. How long, in fact,
let's take bets here on the show. How long until Nintendo puts out the Zelda game that's going to
need barcodes or the Mario game that's going to require the camera for something? I mean,
or the, you know, the WarioWare, one of their first party titles, you know,
WarioWare is a given or something that's going to require these peripherals. And then suddenly
it's going to be at just this landslide where now all the games go DSI only. I mean,
That's almost, I think, how they plan it.
They would like that if they, if they're making money off the systems and yeah,
of course they're going to like that. Doesn't this happen all the time too? I mean,
you can go all the way back to the original Game Boy. Remember how Game Boy Color games
would still play in the Game Boy, but then after a certain amount of time, finally it was, oh,
they're a color exclusive. You can only play these on a Game Boy Color. The problem is though,
is if they go that route, that's going to piss off a lot of people and they're,
well, I know they may not care, but here's the thing though, their audience, the people that
buy Nintendo products are a lot different than your normal consumer that buys, you know, any
other console franchise. Like for example, you know, with the Wii and the DS, the DS owners,
I think that they're pretty content with what they've got on DS or the Wii. And they're not
going to exactly like if the Wii HD comes out, your normal mom and pop is not going to upgrade
to a Wii HD because they could care less because they have Wii Sports and they don't really care
about upgrading to another system. Same with the DSi. Until Wii Sports 3 is Wii HD only.
It doesn't matter. I mean, I think right now, you know, with the DS, I mean, there's so many
people that have the DS if they, unless, I mean, the DSi is not that much different than the DS.
I mean, they were supposed to be put together so they can, you know, compete on the same market
or whatever, but I don't see why, how they're going to convince people that they need to buy
a DSi because, oh, this game uses a camera now. Good for them. Question from your distribution
perspective, are the regular DS's being phased out? No. Interesting. Not necessarily being phased
out, but there's not really new colors coming out for them. There's new colors for the DSi.
But I mean, if you think about it, I guess, you know, there's four different colors for the DS
right now, and now there's going to be four different colors for the DSi, so... They haven't,
like, stopped production. No, they haven't stopped production. Okay. I mean, sales have certainly
slowed down a bit, but, you know, not necessarily stopped production.
Takeo Ray in chat says, that's why I never got the DSi. My DS Lite is perfectly fine for me.
That's pretty much the same camp I'm in. I rarely play the DS as it is. If you've listened to this
show before, you know kind of my little rant on handhelds, although I will say the PSP is quickly
gaining a lot of favor, in my opinion, not necessarily as a gaming device, but as a
multi-functional media device, is quickly gaining popularity with me. Well, here's the thing. I mean,
I'm sorry, but if they come out with a new, like, Zelda game or something that requires a camera,
I don't care. I won't buy it, because, you know what? I'm not going to buy another system for
one fucking game. I'm sorry. You know, when your library plays on my system, except for this one
game, boo-fucking-hoo, I'm not buying it. You know, I will make do. I mean, people, that's the problem.
You're expecting these hardcore players, you know, to go, okay, let me buy a new system for this game,
but the audience that buys the DS, they aren't really hardcore gamers. It's just the wrong
expectation for their market. Well, we'll see. I don't know. I'm betting this time next year,
we're looking in the face of a Mario or Zelda game on the DS that's only on the DSi. Mario
goes to Barcode Island or something like that. For the record, I'm probably going to have a DSi.
Why? I mean, I'm not asking that in an accusatory way. I'm asking it as a
why do you want that when you already have a DS? Why not? Because you already have a DS.
I want to play the new stuff that comes out. I knew it was going to happen. Well,
what if it sucks? Well, here's another thing. What if I don't care? Jamie's a little different,
because she's a system collection whore. That's true. She's not your typical gamer.
Honestly, anything new that comes out, I pretty much want it, and we pretty much end up getting
it. She owns some fucking Dreamcast game that came with a dish, for heaven's sake. I mean,
she's just a video game collector. So, yeah, you're not exactly going to want my opinion on
that, because mine's going to be, well, why shouldn't it be in my collection? All right,
fine. Well, let's move on to another story that maybe we will get your opinion on then,
and that's about the iPhone. You know what's interesting is that there's always been that
rumor that's been going around probably as long as we've been podcasting that Apple's going to
get into gaming. Apple's going to get into gaming. They're going to do something. They're going to
get into gaming. It's just a matter of time. Apple kind of just got into gaming when everybody was
kind of looking everywhere else. Like, Apple is into gaming now, and they have a lot of users
using their games. Of course, I'm talking about the iPhone. Don't believe me? Well,
guess what they announced this week? Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars. Yes, the game that was the
DS exclusive last, they were so excited about E3. Remember, they came out and, oh, GTA Chinatown
Wars is coming out. Guess what? It's coming out on the iPhone. And this is right after they
announced that a PSP version was coming out as well. Of course, that is on its way as well.
But it's also coming to the iPhone, and of course, that would mean the iPod Touch as well.
There's not a whole lot of other details at this time, but only just that they're calling it a
perfect match for the iPhone and iPod Touch. I'm kind of iffy on this because I don't think,
some games just don't run well on the iPhone and iPod Touch. I don't think it's a very
powerful gaming system, but some of the games they have on there aren't bad at all.
PEGL or any PopCap game. You know, certain games that are optimized for the iPhone and iPod Touch
run pretty darn good. I mean, the only thing I see the iPhone and the iPod Touch,
basically the app store that they have, it's just the most successful mobile gaming platform is
basically it. Because, you know, if you try to, I mean, other phones and stuff like that don't
really work well with gaming. Whereas this, you know, they built this phone around the apps that
you can make and these programs, which is good. But, you know, as far as it being like a gaming
platform, yeah, sure, I guess it could be. You know, as far as, you know, they can put lots of
games on it, but you're not going to see the same functionality as some of these games that are on
the DS and, you know, the PSP. But that's mainly because they don't have any sort of like control
pad or anything. They mainly are stuck to the touch screen, so it doesn't work out that well.
I just, I don't know why, just someday I could see them putting out a little thing that snaps
in the bottom of the iPhone that's a little gaming thing with buttons on it and maybe that adds a
little extra oomph to the, I don't know what they could do, like an independent card of some sort.
Maybe, you know, I don't know enough about how hardware works, but I would just see that they
could do something like that that would just add a lot of oomph to the iPhone and iPod touch and
make it, you know, that much more. But don't you think it still is competition for the DS?
Oh yeah, definitely. To an extent the PSP? Yeah, definitely. I mean, it's always competition for
them because, you know, their, you know, App Store right now is definitely working a lot better than,
you know, what they have for DSiWare or, you know, the PlayStation Network stuff and obviously,
you know, the PlayStation Go is going to try to kind of copy the App Store and I don't think it's
going to even get close to what, you know, they're doing on the App Store. Well, I think it'll be
great for PSP 3000 owners. It's not really, okay, well here's the, yeah, exactly. It's not even
really necessary, they already have the infrastructure in PlayStation, they don't have
the content on there and that's the problem. It's like same with the DSiWare stuff. They don't have,
like, independent developers can't just throw stuff on there and, you know, have it, you know,
be available. Whereas the App Store, you know, there's just lots of content quickly, you know,
some of it may not be good, some of it is really good, but there's a lot of content on there and
the process to get it up was pretty quick. Yeah, but to be fair, the iPhone also has a lot of crap.
Like, one story that I don't think we are covering tonight, I think, but it was in the thread, we
just ran out of room tonight. Yeah, there was a game on the iPhone that just came out this week
that is, like, a PP simulation game. I think that's what it's called. IPP was the name of the
game and you literally are, like, aiming at a urinal. Come on. It's funny, see, that's awesome.
It's stupid. It's just dumb. It is stupid, but you know what? Here's my point, there's a lot of
crap out there on the iPhone and iPod Touch. But one person's trash is another person's treasure,
so you know what? Well, then couldn't the same be said about whatever Sony's planning with their
mini bar and the DSI to an extent? Well, I don't have a problem with Sony's minis. I do have a
problem with the DSIware because it's a lot of calculators and clocks, which, you know, I don't
know, it just doesn't really add anything to the DSI. That's the problem. All right. Well, let's
move on with some more gaming news. We'll get to release dates here in just a little bit, but first
over to Dark Sakura. Oh, you sound so enthusiastic. But first, over to the one and only fabulous Dark
Sakura. Well, you know Splatterhouse was being developed by Bottle Rocket Entertainment? Well,
they don't exist anymore. They clung to life as long as they could, but the plug was pulled,
so guess what? They got splattered. Their house got splattered. And so that means that... Actually,
I really don't know what that means for Splatterhouse, except that it's not going
to be coming out anytime soon unless someone else picks that up. Just let it die. I mean,
it was a neat idea, but just let it die. Might as well come out at this point. They say that they're
actually working on another company that they're going to start from the ground up. I just think
it's sad, though, that although it seems like there's a silver lining here that forever door
closes and other opens, blah, blah, blah, it's just kind of sad. I seriously feel like this is,
again, we had a lot of this at the end of the year last year, but this is the fourth
story I think we've had in the scope of two months about some studio closing down. Well,
it's because they're way behind in schedule. That game was supposed to be out at the end of last
year, and then they pushed it back to near June, and then it still wasn't done. So yeah, time to
close. WhatupG in our chatroom at chat.orangelandstrategy.com asked me a question. Didn't
Namco take Splatterhouse internally? I seem to remember hearing that at one point, too.
Yeah. Well, actually, yeah, there's nothing about what exactly is going to happen with it,
but Namco pulled the development of Splatterhouse back in. That's right,
but there hasn't been anything else said about it. Interesting. All right. Well,
hopefully those guys, as much as we're making silly jokes about Splatterhouse, it does suck
when people lose their jobs, so I hope this whole starting a studio from the ground up works out
for them. But, you know, just try to get stuff out there as soon as you can. Get the public
experience. It's a really tricky balance, isn't it? You want to spend enough time on the products,
you have a quality product, but at the same time, if you spend too much time on it,
you go the way of Duke Nukem Forever and the guys behind that.
I am confident that the game will be super epic when it comes out.
Whatever you say. We'll see.
I'm completely lying.
That's... don't get your expectations too high.
My expectations are incredibly low, okay?
Your problem.
Oh, low, then fine, okay, never mind then.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, come on, Duke Nukem, that was like in the 90s. I don't remember the 90s.
That was a long time ago. Anyways, so...
Yes, it's when no doubt was popular.
Exactly. Speaking of something from a long time ago,
God of War and God of War 2. Actually, I guess that wasn't that long ago, but
hey, it was a few years. That's ancient.
They are now coming out on a brand new collection coming to the PS3,
the God of War collection as its name, coming this holiday.
They're going to be both displayed at 60 frames per second and at 720p,
and it's going to cost somewhere around $40 retail, which is kind of cool.
They're going to be... I don't know.
Remember how we were talking about backwards compatibility,
and how that they probably could do it, but they're not?
Here's why they're not doing it, because now we can sell every game that we've made over again.
I'm okay with it, actually,
because how is this different than what Nintendo's doing Metroid Prime trilogy?
It isn't different, and you know what? I don't...
I think it's kind of cool, because then I can...
You know, yeah, and why I'm okay with this, Loki, is because
they're going back and they're making the games HD,
they're giving them trophies.
Sure, they might be old games, but they're giving them new treatment, you know?
And this Katamari Damacy game that a lot of people are excited about is very similar,
if you think about it.
It might not be the two games that were out before, per se,
but they took a piece here and a piece there,
and then added some new effects and a couple new levels,
and that's this new Katamari game we have coming out in a few weeks.
You know, this seems to be kind of a trend.
Well, I guess it was still a trend before.
I mean, go back to the PlayStation 1, you would see Super Nintendo games,
the Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger re-release.
You know, it's not like this is anything new,
but what I think makes this kind of special and kind of cool
is that the games are being souped up a little bit to match the times.
Yeah, and...
I missed the God of War boat back on the PlayStation 2.
This actually really interests me.
Well, God of War 2 actually did output at 720p,
because there were a handful of games that were on the PlayStation 2 and on the Xbox
that would both either output at 720p or they would do 1080i,
which was kind of cool,
but God of War 2 was one of the ones that actually did the 720p,
so it wouldn't be that much of a stretch.
That's right, I remember that now.
Wasn't there like a secret code or something you had to put in to do that?
Yeah, something like that.
That's so weird.
But hey, definitely a good way to get ramped up for the new game coming out, obviously, in March.
Reading some comments from chat.orangelandradio.com,
Deakman says,
I'm okay with it because it's only $40, 720p, 60 frames a second, and trophies.
Sign me up.
And true, that is the price.
If you're gonna buy them both new right now on the PlayStation 2,
that is the price that it would be.
It's $40, so...
So I think I'm gonna wait a little bit for this.
We'll see.
Because again, I never played God of War 1 and 2.
Well, I played it like at a friend's house for a little bit,
but I never played through one.
Never played through two.
Tigerclaw makes a comment about Metroid Prime.
Metroid Prime 3 in Metroid Prime Trilogy was censored a tad.
One of the cutscenes had a character say,
damn, it was redubbed with a no.
That's kind of a weird change, especially if it was different before.
You want to hear something funny and this is off the topic of Metroid,
but I was reading on some of the stuff that they're going to do for Brutal Legend.
They have an option where you can actually take out a lot of the cussing in the game.
So there's one scene, it's like, you know, so listen,
I told you not to climb up there.
What the eff?
And then it pauses and says, okay, do you want him to say fuck?
Or do you want him to like, you know, not use any, you know...
Fudge!
Exactly.
What the fudge?
And then it just, you know, sensors the rest of the game like that.
And I think that's kind of funny, the way that they give that option to you.
That's an interesting way to do it.
Jayrod in chat gives his quick reviews.
Like, these are like Twitter reviews of these games.
It's very short, but maybe help you out, Loki.
God of War 1, I think, has a better story, but God of War 2 was overall better.
Yeah, I really wish I had played God of War 2, but the thing with God of War 1 is I got
so frustrated at the end of the game because the last boss was really hard.
Oh, and the last boss glitched out, so it didn't quite work right.
So I beat the crap out of him just over and over and over again,
even though I know what I was supposed to do in the game.
But it still wouldn't work because the game glitched out.
So I just got pissed off with it.
All right.
Well, let's go back over to the Nintendo Wii for a minute.
Of course, we were talking about Metroid Prime trilogy.
One other thing you might be...
Which actually, by the way, the Metroid Prime games are pretty awesome.
So, you know, I'm even thinking...
I have Metroid Prime 3, but I'm thinking about getting the trilogy
because I never had Metroid Prime 1 or 2.
I know it's kind of weird.
My roommate had them.
So around that time, the roommate had...
You know how you can't get, obviously, the Metroid or Metroid game downloaded
to your Game Boy Advance with the Metroid Prime trilogy,
but you can get the costume that was in that game as well
to kind of download to the Fusion costume or whatever in the game.
That unlocks.
Interesting.
Yeah.
I'm curious what other kind of synergy between the three games there is, if any.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, anyway, speaking of Nintendo, you know how they had a web browser.
They had their Nintendo internet channel that you could download for a $5 fee.
Guess what?
Earlier this week in Japan and Europe, that fee went away.
And then just a couple days later, it also went away in North America.
The internet channel is now free to download.
So if you have a Wii but you never got the internet channel,
you can go ahead and download it.
It's free.
It used to cost 500 Wii points to download.
Actually, I should take a step back.
When it first came out, you might remember,
if you were an early Wii owner like myself and I think the others in the studio here,
we were able to get the internet channel really early on
because they had it free for about three months or so.
And then it went to being 500 Wii points when they released the full version.
Well, now they've decided to remove the cost again.
And they also did some little upgrades to the browser.
It's now, instead of Flash 7, it's Flash Lite 3.1,
which I know doesn't sound like an upgrade, but it is.
It's going to let more Flash apps actually be able to play.
And if you were one of the people that paid 500 Wii points for this,
sadly, Nintendo isn't going to give you the 500 points back.
But what they are going to do is they're going to give you a 500 point credit
towards a virtual console game.
So at least you get a little something.
Although, I don't know.
If I was one of the people that paid 500 points for it, I might be a little sad.
But then again, it's only five bucks.
I don't know.
Five bucks is still a lot, I guess.
So I don't know.
But then again, I'm also kind of like, you know, as much as I think that's cool,
they're making it free again.
Unless this new remastered internet channel somehow made it a lot faster
to browse the internet on the Wii,
I don't think it's going to be that great.
Like browsing the internet on the Wii is kind of slow.
Yeah.
You know, I don't know.
And what did you do when you were only dial-up?
Hmm.
I lived in an age where I only expected things to come in at a dial-up rate.
The games I was downloading were much smaller and would fit on a three and a half inch disc.
Remember that?
I had a download-
I remember having Descent spread across 14 of them.
Yeah.
Remember when an epic game, you knew it was epic like King's Quest 6
because it had seven discs that it came on?
Yeah.
Or Phantasmagoria, which was on seven CDs.
I used to download overnight and I used to have a download accelerator
to basically queue up a bunch of stuff to download.
That was my thing.
Yeah.
Nice.
And some folks in chat want to clarify,
X-Link says the credit was only for Japan.
Actually, no, it did open up.
Go check out Nintendo.com.
It is now, there is just a NES virtual console download credit that you can get now
and it's not 500 points clarifies.
Deep Bandit is a free NES game. That's right. It's basically a credit towards a free
NES virtual console game, which of course is 500 points,
but you can't like take the 500 points and apply it towards a Sega game or something else.
Has to be an NES game.
So there you go.
All right.
Let's move on with some more news.
It would help if my brain worked.
Yes, it would.
It's kind of required to do a show.
Well, actually, you know, the new Halo, the Halo 3 ODST is supposed to be coming out
and it has a launch date of September 22nd from, of course, Xbox 360.
But there are people out there who are playing illegitimate copies,
meaning they either have a burn of some kind or received a copy that they weren't supposed to receive.
And so the big Microsoft enforcer dude went on Twitter and said, and I quote,
I spy with my little eye, some illegitimate ODST players.
No early play for you commencing perma-bands.
And except for those who actually have legit copies, like early, you know,
actual true early copies for reviewers and that type of thing, they're okay.
Or if you have an actual legit copy of the game that you happen to get early,
then that's okay too, apparently.
I don't understand why people are playing the one that's out there now,
because the leaked one that's out there is actually in French.
I'm kind of curious.
Some people know French.
Yeah, that's true.
I'm kind of curious.
I mean, we import Japanese games, even though we can't read Japanese.
Come on.
I'm kind of curious, though.
How are they able to spot the difference?
Well, I mean, I'm not sure.
I'm kind of curious, though, how are they able to spot the difference?
Or is that some type of secret they're not saying?
There's no word on it.
They're claiming that's a secret.
I don't think they know.
I think they're just going after whomever.
But what if they get it wrong?
I think you're wrong.
I mean, there's got to be a way that they know.
There's a way they can tell the difference.
That's what they're doing.
They're basically...
Or is this a scare tactic?
I think it's a scare tactic.
And the other thing I think is, you know, if you want to think, you know,
the real conspiracy theory to it is that people are thinking that this is actually a copy
that they leaked out that's modified in a way that they can flag people that have played
it or something like that, which would be entrapment, but I don't see how they were
doing that.
I'm guessing that it's because you're going to see a bunch of people from, you know, all
playing this French-English version of it, like in the United States or something like
that, and people are going to be like, huh, I'm pretty sure that they didn't buy that
from, you know, wherever it was released at.
It's probably going to be a hacked, you know, console that's playing it.
Whereas, you know, if they actually are playing, you know, the U.S. version or something in
U.S., then that might be different.
They're just going to look at regions is basically what it is.
Because no one's going to import...
First off, the game's not even readily available there yet, I don't think.
And also, no one's really going to import a game.
It's going to be very rare if that happens.
I like Act F's comments in chat right now at chat.orangetheonsready.com.
Je n'est-ce si d'une weapon, je suis MasterChef.
MasterChef...
Oh, he put Chef, but it's supposed to be Chief.
That's why I read Chef.
Although I would like a game called MasterChef to come out next to Cooking Mama.
Anyhow, Dekeman in chat says it's the same way they tell if people are playing burn games
online.
They can't.
A lot of the new stuff that's out there now makes it very difficult for them to do that.
They're really stealth.
I would know, I played modified Grand Theft Auto IV's for like, what, how many months
now?
Yeah, it's still risky.
You know, it's risky to get into.
All right.
Let's go around the globe and explore some upcoming release dates from around the globe.
All right.
Well, in the US, there's actually quite a bit coming out this week.
It's kind of kicking off, not really the fourth quarter because it's a little early for that,
but you know, the major gaming season.
So starting off, we have Raiden IV.
The wonderful shooter game is coming to Xbox 360 this week.
Also, Mini Ninjas is going to be coming out on the Wii, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and DS.
Kind of a little family action game.
Darkness of Days is coming out on PC and Xbox 360.
It's a game where you can go back to the Civil War with a machine gun and blow everybody
away.
Cool.
That's what I was talking about earlier, right?
It's going to be awesome.
Seriously.
Trine coming to PC this week.
This guy had two Dark Hero Days on PSP.
War Leader Clash of Nations on PC.
Also, Fallen Earth, Welcome to the Apocalypse on PC.
Go play City Sports on the Wii.
He had another sports game collection.
All this one has rooftop hockey, so I kind of have to think of a little bit of Clerks
there.
That was kind of funny.
Cubed, the Q games collection coming to Xbox 360 with your resin, every extend extra extreme.
Time of Shadows on PC.
Dirt 2 coming to PlayStation 3, DS, Xbox 360, and Wii.
And I thought PSP as well.
Imagine Detectives on DS.
Aisle 2, Sturmovik, Birds of Prey coming to Xbox 360, PS3, DS, and PSP.
Capcom Platinum Hits Triple Back, that wonderful collection of three games including Dead Rising,
Lost Planet, and Devil May Cry 4 coming to the 360 this week.
Ant Nation on the DS, kind of, I guess, your kids' first real-time strategy game.
Little Big Planet, Game of the Year edition coming out on PlayStation 3.
And of course the big one, the Beatles Rock Band coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
the Wii, as well as the standalone instruments and your two different bundles that are available
for that.
Finally, if you have little kids that want to learn to read, they have three different
games for you for the DS, my virtual tutor reading K through first, pre-K through K,
and first through second.
Also coming out, actually about a week from today, two new DSi colors, both white and
then pink, and then also a week from today, you're getting two more DS games.
Princess in Love and My Boyfriend, both kind of like dating sim games.
And then finally, you're going to be getting Mario and Luigi Bowser's Inside Story, which
is actually coming out a week from Monday.
And that's it.
Busy week, especially with Beatles Rock Band, of course, being the anchor for the week.
Yeah.
Hey, going to Japan and looking at the release dates over there.
There is a new Xbox 360 Elite, one of those new bundles coming out over in Japan.
I think that's a little bit of a price reduction for them, if I'm not mistaken.
The last remnant, speaking of price reductions, is getting one this week on the 360, as is
Fable 2, both of those games moving into the Platinum Collection, as well as Call of Duty
4 Modern Warfare and Bioshock.
So I wouldn't be surprised if Microsoft's doing a little push in Japan right now with
all these recent price drops.
That's all happening on the 10th of this month.
Also happening on the 10th of this month, Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution, the Japanese
localized version, is out on the PlayStation 3, so check that out.
As well as, of course, a price drop as well for Call of Duty 4 over there as well.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii, nothing this week.
Forever Blue 2 next week, but not this week.
Also another House of the Dead game, but we'll cover that next week.
PlayStation 2, nothing this week either.
It's all on the 17th of September.
There's not much coming out on PlayStation 2 right now.
There's really not.
I think you're going to kind of see that phasing out slowly but surely.
Nintendo DS does have a new game called Arabians Lost that's coming out from Prototype over
in Japan this week.
That game looks to be, they are calling this an adventure game.
I'm trying to look at some of the screenshots from this to see what type of game it is.
Looks like it's just kind of a standard role playing-ish type of game, but it doesn't look
like it has battles.
But the subtitle of this game is called The Engagement on Desert.
I'm guessing it's just kind of like an interactive manga type of game with hit points and stuff.
That's what that is.
Let's see if there's anything on the PSP to mention this week.
Yes, there's a portable Navi 3, which I think is just one of those Navigator programs that
they have available on PSP.
If you want to change your PSP into a GPS, which really will probably only help you if
you live in Japan.
But there you go.
That's what you got for Japanese releases this week.
Well, for the UK, we have some, I mean, pretty much the standard stuff.
On the 9th is Beatles Rock Band.
On the 11th, we have Championship Manager 2010, Colin McRae Dirt 2, yay, Guitar Hero
5, Mini Ninjas, NHL 2K10, and Section 8.
Also, Rob, there's something on the 15th that you might be interested in, Zuma's Revenge.
Ah, I've heard about this.
I think this has a similar release date here in the US if it's not out already.
Yeah, it's kind of like a sequel to Zuma.
Not my favorite PopCap game.
My problem with Zuma is it's not something you can sit down and play quickly, like a
game of Bejeweled or something.
Zuma takes a long time to get through a game because not only does it take a long time
to beat each level, but then you have three lives.
So I'm not as big on Zuma, but there are other PopCap games I really enjoy.
And I know, I still got a copy of Bookworm Adventures 2 I need to play.
No, don't laugh.
It's an awesome game.
I know, I know.
I'm laughing because I've played it.
It's fun.
It's a lot of fun.
It's Final Fantasy meets Boggle.
It's amazing.
So I do want to check out the sequel.
By the way, Rob, I have to say, I like your shirt and all of its Helvetica-ness.
Thank you.
And for those, maybe Jamie will take a picture of it, but for those at home, because we are
a radio show and not a TV show, I'm wearing a shirt and I guess Jamie is going to put
a picture on our website right now in the picture gallery at www.orangetonsradio.com,
but it says Ms. Scarlet in the hall with a revolver, and it has a little picture of a
gun.
And as said in Helvetica.
Yes.
You and your font wholeness.
No, it's Helvetica, I swear.
Once you see it, you can't unsee it.
All right.
So let's move on, a couple more stories for you before we get to the classic game of the
week.
Yes.
This week, we had the debut of the new trailer for the new expansion for Grand Theft Auto
4, The Ballad of Gay Tony.
And with that, there is actually, it looks like that's going to be returning back to
kind of the over-the-top Grand Theft Auto fun that you can expect from the rest of the
series.
Some new stuff to note in there, there are some new weapons that they did kind of show
off in the trailer, a new machine gun that they had in there, I'm not really sure what
that was.
I did spot a P90 though, because I have that, it's one of my first Airsoft guns.
So there is a P90 in the game.
Some new helicopters, apparently it's going to focus a lot on aerial combat, they did
show off a new helicopter that fired rockets, as well as another one that was a kind of
a cargo helicopter picking up a subway car, which is kind of cool.
They had a golf cart in there as well, and some new sports cars.
So that's going to be kind of fun.
Did you notice what the song in the trailer was?
Yes I did.
I thought that was quite...
Those that listen to the Orange Laundry after birth that we only do live for a little bit
after we tape live will understand why that's funny.
And then also, they had, apparently there was some other stuff rumored that there's
a FIB tank in the game, like their SWAT tank or something.
And I don't know, it's going to be awesome.
I'm looking forward to this because they ruined my modded game.
So right now, I'm seriously, it's like we're coming out of depression or something.
Going back to playing the normal game is just wrong.
There are some pretty cool stuff coming for that.
Also out of the trailer though, of course they had a lot of different cut scenes in
there and they recognized some of the characters.
One of them I was kind of interested by is Gracie, which was actually one of the missions
in Grand Theft Auto IV.
You have to kidnap her, which is kind of funny.
But she's in there as well.
And overall looks awesome.
Okay, because I'm not as big of a Grand Theft Auto IV player as you are, who is Gay Tony?
He's like a mob boss?
Yeah, he's a mob boss.
He's Tony Prince is the guy.
He basically owns nightclubs and he's a member of the Ancelotti Crime Syndicate.
And basically, he owns the biggest gay and straight nightclubs in Algonquin.
So that's who you play.
You don't play him, but you play a guy that kind of helps him out, Luis Fernando Lopez.
Which is like this Dominican guy that you play as.
He's his bodyguard.
And the games, all three episodes, including the main game, all kind of culminate around
this diamond deal that goes down and goes wrong.
And that's the Impossible Trinity is each one of their roles in this diamond deal.
And if I remember correctly, I think Luis comes in and actually breaks up the diamond
deal and tries to steal the diamonds.
So that's definitely going to be part of the game.
I got a weird question for you, but as the gay guy on the program and who isn't as familiar
with Grand Theft Auto IV, I'm kind of curious, not to get all glad on you, but I'm curious,
is this a step forward for gay rights or is this going to be a bunch of stereotypes?
Does gay Tony go around going, that's super!
No, he didn't really do that.
There was a character, though, in Grand Theft Auto IV that was like that.
I don't remember his name, but yeah, he was very flamboyant.
But he didn't seem flamboyant in the trailer, of course he wasn't talking much, but I don't
think he is.
Because, you know, I'm totally cool with it if it's like, you know, hey, you have a gay
character who's like a cool mob boss and all this stuff just like anybody else.
But if it's just going to be stereotype after stereotype, then I'm just going to have face
palm.
Well, I don't think it's going to be.
I mean, they're usually pretty, you know...
Yeah, I know, Rockstar's pretty good about that stuff usually, so I'm hopeful, but you
know.
I don't want that anymore Full Frontal Penis again, because that was enough in the last
game.
We don't need Full Frontal Penis in this game.
But you wouldn't have any problem with full boobage and everything.
Yeah, because they haven't done that in this game, and I'm surprised, it being an emirated
game and stuff, you know, for nudity and that kind of stuff.
There's no...
It's establishment of a double standard, you don't want to see cock, but you don't mind
seeing boobs.
No, I don't want to see more cock.
There already is cock in the game.
Now I want to see boobs that go along with the cock so we have an equal representation.
Equal representation.
Equal opportunity nudity.
I actually support his statement.
I'm just saying...
I can go for equal opportunity nudity.
I don't have a problem with it, I'm just saying that they need to like, you know, I think
the stripper should be nude in the games, you know, that's only...
It's a strip club.
They're supposed to be stripping.
Well, if they sell alcohol, then they can't get naked, can they?
Well, that's the only thing only in California, I don't know, but whatever.
It's a game.
What the hell do I care?
It's just characters.
I just want... but it's just funny how there's a lot of people out there that says, oh, because
it's gay Tony, I hope we don't have to see more cock.
You know, I hope just for that, you get beaver shot in this, just for that kind of ignorant
comment.
It's going to be cool.
This game's going to be awesome, and I'm just hoping though that they bring back the tank,
because the tanks are awesome, the minigun, the flamethrower, and the chainsaw.
That's it.
But already I like where they're going with it, so I can't wait to play it.
One more story for you guys, and then we're going to go to the classic game of the week,
and this story has to actually do with the 360, where this download content is.
By the way, random-ass question.
When they announce the Grand Theft Auto IV exclusive content, it is never coming to the
PlayStation 3.
Is that correct?
As far as we're aware.
But maybe someday they might say, okay, window's over, we're going to release this disc now
on PlayStation 3.
Let me put it this way.
It could be ported in a heartbeat.
Yeah, I can see that.
I'm just kind of curious.
I mean, since all the formats are basically the same, it's just recoding the textures
and that's it.
All right.
Well, going back to the 360 a little bit, something changed in their technical certification
requirements this week that is a little bit interesting, and the word comes from develop.
It was the technical director David Jeffries, who works for BlackRock Studio.
He actually mentioned that Microsoft actually removed the fact that 360s must run at a minimum
of 1280 by 720, which you know as 720p.
If the system is in HD mode, and apparently anti-aliasing is also out, full screen anti-aliasing
you do not have to do.
Those requirements are now out.
Now Microsoft kind of was lenient on these rules before, and one very, very notable game
that got around these rules is Halo 3, because you might remember, and I remember some stories
on this when Halo 3 first came out, it's not running in true 720p.
It's running at 1152 by 640, so it's 100 pixels short on either side.
Apparently Call of Duty 4 is also 600p also.
Interesting.
I don't think this is a huge deal, because I'm all about frame rate a little more than
resolution.
Granted, a great game should have both great resolution and good frame rate, something
like Oblivion or whatever, but some of the games that get really busy online they have
to scale back the resolution a little bit.
Why now though, I'm kind of wondering, that they decided to get rid of this?
Is this because maybe 360 has enough penetration in the marketplace now, so they don't need
to be advertising all this HD HD HD?
Maybe there's a big game coming out that didn't have this or something, and they figured that
hey, let's make this available so that it's fair for everybody.
I don't know, maybe it makes it easier to develop on the system.
Alpha Kinanagram has an interesting thought.
Maybe it's for the indie games.
I don't know if the indie games were ever held to the same standard.
I don't think so.
I don't think so either.
There's no way.
It's a good thought though.
Yeah, because I don't think a lot of the indie games I've played have full screen anti-aliasing.
I'm trying to think if that actually, hmm, anyway.
Well there it is, the technical certifications are changing so we'll see what games come
of that a little later on, but for now, let's go to a classic video game in a little segment.
We'd like to call it the classic video game of the week.
This is the part of the show where Dark Soccer likes to browse the gaming vault and find
a game that she says, you know what?
You kids should be playing this game this week, or at least check it out and show this
game a little respect.
Dark Soccer, what game did you pick for the kids this week?
I think Chew Chew Rocket, but we have to hear the very beginning of the clip though because
it's important.
Fair enough, it's loading right now.
That was what was important.
Why?
Because it's Sonic Team.
Alright, tell us a little bit about Chew Chew Rocket.
Just out of curiosity, does this have to do with the fact that 99 of 09 is this week?
No, actually, it has to do with Dan Fussing because I don't put in games he suggests,
or I already have put in games that he suggested.
So Catmania.
So yeah, I put in Chew Chew Rocket.
So this was one of the first of the online games that came on the Dreamcast, and then
they just started giving it away with the Dreamcast as an online demo, and it was also
given away free in Europe when you would order a copy, well you could order your copy by
connecting to the Dream Arena service, but the whole point of the game is to get mice,
as in Chew Chew, because in Japanese that's the sound a mouse makes, it's Chew.
You get them onto a rocket while avoiding the cats, or the kapu kapu, that roam around
the board.
You have to place down arrows to determine the path the mice are going to take, because
they just keep going in a straight line until they run into a wall, so you have to point
them in the direction that they're supposed to go.
And you can do it up to four player multiplayer, and you can put the arrows everywhere, so
you can direct other people's mice away, you can direct yours forward, and like you were
saying with the Catmania, there's different obstacles, like Catmania means you have all
cats running around and you have to get them away from your ship, because if a cat hits
your ship, then it damages your ship.
And you can get special colored mice, like a gold mouse will give you 50 extra mice,
a pink mouse gives you those events like we were talking about, the Catmania, the Mousemania.
But the single player mode is actually I think my favorite, because it's really, it's really,
it gets super complex, it really turns into a matter of figuring out how you're going
to get from point A to point B when you've got all these obstacles in your path and all
you have is a limited number of arrows.
This game is fucking fast paced too, I mean that was my biggest problem with it, it was
too fast for me to keep up with.
They need to like, chew chew slow.
Well you also got a challenge mode where you have to get all the mice into rockets or get
a cat to eat all the mice, or put the cat into a guarded rocket or other stuff and you
had a time limit on it and it had 25 levels, you could do that actually one or two player
or two.
There's a Game Boy Advance version that's really the same as the Dreamcast version but
you can actually play with one cartridge multiplayer.
So multiple people, well you also had a level editor in it too.
And actually the Game Boy Advance version wasn't made by Sega.
Also in Sonic Battle, Tails has a choo-choo for his landmine.
So yeah, it's a pretty fun little game, and it's just fun, play it.
Alright.
Get Dreamcast!
The choo-choo rocket, which Jamie swears has nothing to do with the 9-9-0-0-9 or 99 whatever
you want to call it.
The anniversary of the Dreamcast this week.
It's the classic game of the week.
Choo.
Choo.
Alright.
We're going to go ahead and take a break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We always like to take a break in the middle of the show to just kind of stretch, you know,
refill our drinks or go to the restroom or what have you.
So we suggest you take an opportunity to do the same because there is plenty more to come
in Part B of our show tonight, including Twitter topics, rapid fire news tonight, and more
long discussion.
We're going to talk about Blur, which is a racing game I am really looking forward to.
It's Damon Allburn.
Not that.
Blur.
Blur the racing game, silly.
We're going to talk about a brand new reality show coming to Sony, PlayStation Network,
it sounds kind of interesting would be the word for it, and 3D, possibly on the PlayStation
3.
Some interesting developments with that this week.
So we're going to do all that right after a quick break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned.
Welcome back everybody to Part B of our podcast.
We're taping live on this Sunday evening, September 6, 2009.
Happy Labor Day to all of our American listeners who will get tomorrow off of work or, you
know, if it's not America that you're from, then just have a happy Monday or happy week
wherever you're at.
We're going to get into some more gaming news as we tape live on this Sunday evening at
www.allgames.com.
And we have Bobby Blackwolf joining us earlier in the show live from Seattle where he had
just wrapped up Penny Arcade Expo, which just came to a close earlier.
Any word on what the final game was and their little PAX, what do they call that?
The little PAX?
Omega-thon.
Omega-thon.
Thank you.
Any word on what the final game was yet?
Does that hit the internet?
I don't think I've seen it on the internet, but I will look.
All right, yeah, check that out because I'm curious.
I'm sure somebody in chat.
The lovely thing about having a chat room during the show is that they are there to
yell things out when...
And the final Omega-thon was skee-ball.
Skee-ball.
That's rad.
They actually wheeled out a machine and...
Yes, they did.
Oh, that's awesome.
Props.
Mega-props to you guys.
Oh, my God.
No pressure or anything, but can you imagine the amount of pressure that it all comes down
to skee-ball?
That reminds me, though, there was a pricing game on The Price is Right, you know, because
your shirt reminds me of this, too.
Loki's wearing a Price is Right shirt today, everybody.
You should see it.
There was a skee-ball game that, like, if you could hit the target on the skee-ball,
you'd win, like, a new car.
Like, there's almost as much pressure.
Well, it's like, okay, so the rounds as it went...
The first round was Mario Kart Wii.
The second round was Bookworm Adventures.
Round three was Halo 3 ODST.
Round four was the Beatles Rock Band.
Round five was Connect Four, and then, of course, the final round being skee-ball.
Very interesting, because you have, like, some new games mixed with some board games.
Very good mix at the Omega-thon this year.
Awesome.
All right.
We're going to get back into our show tonight.
We're going to start off with some Twitter topics.
Oh, we have theme song now for Twitter topics, don't we?
I totally forgot to queue it up.
I'm a bad host tonight.
Fired!
Hold on a minute.
Let me get the theme song here.
Only if we get to use fire.
Any exciting plans for Labor Day, you guys?
I'm going to sleep.
Yeah?
Rob.
What?
We have to do something tomorrow.
Maybe.
We'll see.
I kind of want to just stay in and play WoW all day.
Well, I know what's going on tonight.
What's that?
Becky's going to come over tonight, and we're going to watch My Fair Lady.
Fun!
Any reason why you were just deciding to get into old-school musicals, just for the fun
of it?
I really don't remember how to, except that it was very random.
Nothing wrong with that.
We're thinking about going to yoga after the show.
You should come with us.
I'll go to yoga, but I'm probably not going to stay for the movie.
Oh, come on.
I got other stuff I want to do at home.
What, like sleep?
Yeah, actually.
All right, I found the music.
Let's get into the chatters and the listeners of Orange Islands Radio, showing us their
tweets.
We can't read them all tonight, guys.
We got a lot.
We got a lot tonight.
We can't read them all.
I'm going to be offended if we get yours.
Fernando asked the very first question, what if there was a mariachi band as a game?
It might sound a little like our background music.
Let's play a mariachi game.
I would totally play one, but I think the novelty would honestly wear off.
Let's be honest.
There was that tambourine game.
I don't know if you've ever seen this, but the makers of Samba de Amigo, at least in
the arcade, also made a tambourine game, and I forget the name of this game.
It is the gayest game I've ever played in my life, and I use that term to mean really
homosexual, like this would sleep with other tambourine games of the same gender, okay?
This was, wow, like gayer than Stevie Nicks, but it was a lot of fun, actually, and it's
the closest thing I think I've played to an actual mariachi band.
So there you go.
Not that I'm saying mariachi's gay, but just, you know, I don't know why the tambourine music
and the whole Samba thing kind of reminds me.
It's like the closest that we've had.
Tigerclaw305 says, there's a story here he's linking us to.
The creator of Mobile Suit Gundam says that video games are evil, and links us to a story
that ran on Gamasutra earlier this week.
Apparently Yoshiyuki Tomino gave a keynote speech at the CEDEC Game Conference and said,
quote, I think that video games are evil.
Gaming is not a type of activity that provides any support to our daily lives, and all these
consoles are just consuming electricity.
Let's say we have about 3 billion people on this planet wasting their time bringing no
productivity at all.
Add 10 billion more people, and what would happen to our planet?
Video games are assisting the death of our planet.
Okay crazy man, way to bite the hand that feeds you, right?
I don't know, why would he say something like that?
I don't know.
Gundam is on like every fucking game platform ever in Japan.
Way to be a sellout.
Maybe the speech was like irony and we just don't get it, I don't know.
Retertainment wants us to talk about this topic.
Most people complain that early adopters are getting screwed over, does the PS3 Slim mean
it the other way around?
That's kind of been true of Sony for a long time, well at least in this generation.
If you didn't buy a PlayStation 3 when they first came out, you didn't get backwards compatibility.
Or you didn't get the extra USB slots were on there for a while, then there were some
other on-board ports, right?
So it's not like the Slim is anything new for Sony this generation, but if you didn't
want the machine to cost $600, they had to cut corners somewhere.
But I do find the whole lack of even software emulation and the removal of Linux, I do find
that odd.
Like the rest of it I get.
I get why they take out USB slots, I get some of this other stuff.
I get that the Slim might have a slightly longer loading time.
The rest of this I don't think I get.
Does that make sense?
It makes sense.
I don't understand why they removed Linux, I mean I understand that maybe no one's used
in that function, but I don't see how that function really did anything, unless people
found a way to hack the PS3 through Linux, which I don't know.
I haven't heard of that.
It actually would be fairly easy using Linux I would think.
No, I think they keep everything separated, but I don't understand.
Whatever.
All right, well, we're also going to move on to another Twitter topic.
This comes from a friend of mine, The Segg, on Twitter, and he actually wants us to name
drop something he's going to be working with in the next couple months, and he's already
working on it now, FundaRazor.
That of course is a nice fancy way of saying fundraiser, which is a fundraiser for the
Child's Play charity, and it's a national event that's going to be happening this December.
San Francisco, Austin, New York City, Portland, Denver.
If you want more information, I urge you to follow them on Twitter.
They're at Twitter.com slash FundaRazor.
I just linked it in chat.
F-U-N-D-E-R-A-Z-O-R.
They only have 10 followers right now.
It's for charity.
They should have 10,000.
Check out that event near you.
I'm going to try and go to the one in San Francisco.
In fact, I'm pretty sure I will be going.
Well, I kind of told Segg I would, so I'm going to go, and then probably take the next
day off work so I can go.
I'd like to go.
You want to go?
Sure.
We'll cover it for OLR.
That sounds great.
Maybe we can get some swanky press access or something.
I'll have to talk and see if we can get a hookup.
That'll be fun.
That would be.
But you know what?
It's not about that.
It's about a good cause.
And you know, between the marathon we talked about last week that unfortunately I got so
busy this week I couldn't follow up on that, but there's the marathon we're going to do
October 17th.
I will hopefully have all the details on that next week.
There's a lot of great stuff coming this holiday season.
As I understand it, FundaRazor is also on Facebook.
And wants some more fans on Facebook.
I don't think I'm following them on Facebook yet, so I will go add them myself a little
later in the show.
But again, that's F-U-N-D-E-R-A-Z-O-R.
And K.O.
Ray is reminding us about Extra Life, which is the marathon that's also happening on October
17th that we talked about last week.
Extra Life SG is their Twitter.
So two great events, one in October, one in December.
Do them both.
Think of the children, damn you.
And how crunchy they are.
Shush.
Spazinator says, PlayStation 3 firmware 3.0 unannounced or hidden feature.
The addition of print screen and screenshot to the web browser.
I was not aware.
That's kind of interesting.
I mean, nothing you can't already do on a PC, but I guess it's kind of nice to have
that on the PlayStation.
You know that screenshotting is coming to home as well.
And they're going to do like a first person view so you can screenshot there.
So check that out.
I think that is going to do it for Twitter topics tonight.
All right, I'll do one more.
K.O.
Ray says, just beat Batman Arkham Asylum.
What do you guys think of it?
That game was beautiful.
And Dan was playing a lot of it while Misty was here.
And of course, and who's also here right now, our other friend Mystique.
So we had Misty and Misty and me making commentary the entire time.
We were doing the MST3K version of Batman Arkham Asylum and it was pretty funny.
And then every time Harley came out, I was like, Harley.
So yeah, pretty good.
But I wish it had more of an ending.
I know you're a fan girl of the comics, so how in the series?
What I'm not.
I don't like DC Comics.
I thought you were like the show, not the I'm sorry, I'm at the comic book show.
You know, I watch some of the animated series.
I'm not the world's biggest Batman fan.
I just like that.
Dan loves it.
Dan loves it.
I am not.
Mystique just came in and let's see.
Has Mystique ever been on the show?
No.
Come here, Mystique.
Wait, come here, come here.
Let's end Twitter topics.
Let's talk to Mystique for a little bit.
Hi, Mystique.
How are you?
Hey, what's up?
Good.
Just be, just be, talk loud and strong in that microphone because it's kind of sensitive.
You don't want me to be loud.
All right.
You don't want me to be that loud.
What do you, uh, you hold in your hand a bunch of DC, what is this DVDs of movies?
Yes.
Yeah.
It is Superman, the animated series and Justice League Unlimited.
Are you guys going to a Mystery Science 3000 that like the movie you were watching last
week when I was here?
Possibly.
Possibly.
Uh, oh, there might be, there might be a fighting going on over the TV.
There's going to be a throw down.
Oh, there's going to be a throw down.
Uh, what do you think of Batman Arkham Asylum?
I cannot wait to play that game, even though I watched a lot of it with Dan, although I'm
really upset that I can't play the Joker and the Xbox 360.
Oh, because he has the 360 version.
And he just, he just had to tell me after I made a decision of which one I was going
to buy.
I'm like, hmm.
Both of them went down in price.
You know, I think I'm going to get the 360 since I have an, I have Netflix and all that.
And then Dan had to go and tell me, you know, on the PS3 you can play the Joker.
I was like, you're a bastard.
Only in one mode.
I don't care.
It's only a little piece of the game.
By the way, I'm loving the purple hair matching glasses, matching the top.
That is perfect today.
It's my signature color.
That's right.
All right.
Well thank you Mystique for being on the show and have fun with your movies.
Okay.
New problem.
All right.
We like having new people.
Better play the death hill when Becky comes over because we are totally watching My Fair
Lady.
So we, we have not had guests a lot in the studio dark room's freaking small, very small
space.
Dan, I think we need a bigger box.
All right.
It's time to get a bigger boat.
Salsa shark.
All right.
Twitter topics.
We're done with that for tonight.
So thank you guys very much for contributing to Twitter topics.
Let's get back into some gaming news.
Actually rapid fire news is up next.
So some quick gaming news starting from Loki.
Yes.
The card too, of course, is getting a collector's edition, which will be coming out with the
game in October.
And with the collector's edition, you will be able to get a replica knife.
Yes.
Because that's what gamers need things to stab stuff with.
I want a knife.
Yes.
Now that's a knife.
Yes.
It's the Fortune Hunter edition and it does come with the replica of the game's mystery,
mysterious ancient artifact.
And I don't know.
But yeah, it is going to be very limited and I guess apparently only available through
GameStop, which, you know, they get all the limited editions nowadays.
I don't know why.
Konami in kind of a strange turn of events is publishing the new 99 Nights game, 99 Nights
2, which judging by the screenshot looks way better than the first one.
And yeah, it's pretty awesome.
But right now it's scheduled to come out in Japan soon.
No word on when it's coming out over here, but you better believe it'll be coming out
over here at some point.
Probably next year, because that's when all the games are coming out.
And then finally, Guitar Hero 5 has a lot of download content coming its way for the
month of September.
Starting things off next week on September 10th, you're going to be getting the Street
Sweeper Social Club Track Pack, which includes 100 Little Curses, Fight Smash Win, and Somewhere
in the World It's Midnight, all available for $2 or 160 Microsoft Points or 200 Wii
Points.
And the week after that, they're going to be getting the AFI Track Pack, which is going
to include Beautiful Thieves, Girls Not Gray, and The Missing Frame, also available for
$2 each or 160 Microsoft Points.
Or of course, the track packs as a whole you can buy in a bundle for $5.49.
And then finally, September 24th, we'll be getting another track pack.
No name for this track pack, but apparently it includes The Editors with Munich, Faint
with Geeks Were Right, and the Yaya Yas with Dull Life, and also available for $2 each
or $5.49 for the pack.
And that's it.
All right, moving on to the Nintendo Wii.
A new WiiWare game has been announced.
It's Bit.Trip Void, if that sounds familiar.
It's because you probably played Bit.Trip Beat and Bit.Trip Chord, I'm sorry, Bit.Trip
Core.
Void is coming out, of course, in the Bit.Trip fashion.
It kind of looks like the Atari 2600, but with chiptunes, and it looks like it's going
to be pretty cool.
I'm looking at a trailer here in studio.
The trailer, it makes it look like Ikaruga, because you have to collect black dots in
your Void conspiracy.
Oh, and you kind of avoid the white ones.
That actually looks like fun.
The Bit.Trip games are actually a lot of fun.
I wonder if they'll release a compilation of this a little later on.
I don't know.
That could be a very fun game.
I don't think there is a release date yet announced for this.
They just say later this year.
By the way, it was playable at PAX, so some folks already got to play it.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Arcade Attack is coming to the Nintendo DS.
Apparently it's a brand new game.
It has the arcade style controls like you see in Turtles in Time.
You are going up against Shredder.
By the way, this was also shown at PAX.
You lucky PAX attendees getting your hands on some early stuff.
Another game that's coming out onto Xbox Live Arcade, Puzzle Bobble Live, coming out in
Japan.
It will probably make its way over here as Bust-A-Move Live or something like that over
here in America, because you know there's that whole fact that Bust-A-Move over here
is actually Puzzle Bobble.
Why they call it Bust-A-Move and then ruined the name of the actual Bust-A-Move game is
Bust-A-Groove over here?
I will never understand that.
Oh, I have an answer for that.
Why do they call Puzzle Bobble Bust-A-Move here?
Because they're stupid.
Oh, okay.
That makes perfect sense.
Anyway, the game's coming out in Japan on September 30th for 800 Microsoft Points.
No comment yet on North America or Europe release dates, but I'm sure the games will
be ported soon enough.
Those are... That's a pretty standard game.
Do you remember on the PlayStation 2, Bust-A-Move was one of the first games that came out for
it, and on the cover it had a baby wearing sunglasses and had a big bubble that said
Bust-
It made no sense.
It made no sense at all.
That was Bust-A-Move 2 that had the baby, I think, on the cover.
Seriously, what the hell was that?
That just sums up in a nutshell the transition of Puzzle Bobble to Bust-A-Move.
I'll just never understand.
Never get it.
Kochikawa says it's copyright infringement.
Forget on what, though.
Really?
Whatever.
Young MC.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
I have some stuff.
Actually, some kind of interesting news in looking at almost an international point of
view.
First of all, I was in Japan.
The PlayStation 3 sales have plummeted with my bad sound effects.
That actually is going ahead of the PS3 Slim launch.
They've gone, for the regular PS3, it's only sold 1,040 units with the last week, and however
the Xbox 360 rose to sell 7,254 units.
Of course, there's a little bit of Nintendo sale drop, but they're still pushing a lot
of the DSi and DS Lite.
As far as other stuff going on, for some rock band news, there's a new PAX track that's
going to be Freeze Pop, Jonathan Colton, MC Frontalot, and Paul and Storm.
And each song will be $1 apiece.
So you've got that.
A whole dollar?
Yep.
Yeah, but it's Freeze Pop and Jonathan Colton and other bands that are pretty cool.
You know, I'm going to have both of those at least.
And then the last thing, this gets the Face Palm award of the night, other than those
idiot people wanting to pull their children out of school so they can't see Obama's speech.
So stupid.
But yeah, there's a special, a special function for the 6-axis in Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2.
It's going to have 6-axis support.
You know what it's going to do?
No.
What?
Boob jiggle.
Awesome.
You can control boob jiggle.
It is the next likely progression.
Whatever.
It's like I was telling Sauce earlier today, I was like, yeah, I bet the developers are
sitting around going, we should do something with the 6-axis.
I don't know, what should we do?
We could wiggle their boobies.
Hey, that works.
And that's it.
I bet the conversation went just like that too.
All right.
Funny.
Let's get back into some longer news that we'll talk a little more about, and then soon
your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Now I'm not sure if I'm going to be happy about this or not.
And we know that with the new updates, especially coming in the fall, that they're going to
be having some support for Facebook support and stuff like that.
I know with the Xbox 360.
Now what's interesting though is apparently the game Blur coming out is going to have
Twitter support.
Yes, it will apparently tweet when you do different things.
And for one example, one of the tweets, I guess, might be like, I just won first place
and blah, blah, blah.
I hope they can turn that off.
I don't know.
Yeah, you don't give it your login.
That's how you turn it off.
This sounds like a horrible idea.
I'm sorry.
I don't know.
It's a horrible, horrible idea that is just contributing to the problem.
And don't get me wrong, I think Blur is an amazing looking game, and I really enjoy the
demo at E3.
It's one of my favorites.
That being said, the plug needs to be pulled on this immediately.
And if you spam this shit to your Twitter and I'm following you right now, you will
be dropped.
Because unfortunately, and here's the problem with Twitter, is that you cannot filter posts
like you can on Facebook.
I would be okay with it if you could click a little button and then like filter all posts
made by Blur because I would have done that with Blur.
I would have done that with that friend feed or whatever.
And I would do that with Raptor because I seriously drop people for all those things.
And it's nothing personal.
I just, you know, here's the thing.
It is personal with me, by the way.
There's a finite amount of tweets that my iPhone app will download at a time.
It's 200 tweets.
And if 20 of those tweets are your fucking friend feed or something, I'm sorry.
That's going to piss me off because that's 20 things I could have read about somebody
else, you know, that might be like actually about their day or something interesting.
You know, I just, I am not a fan of these auto tweets at all and kind of, and think
they're going to destroy Twitter unless something is done about them very soon.
Because I know this is not going to be the first or last thing.
What Activision destroy something like, I don't know, beloved guitar franchise.
This is just so strange though, because you know, usually bizarre creations is, is we've
had them on the show.
They're a great studio.
Uh, and I understand, you know, they're just trying to be on the cutting edge of technology,
but this, I just, and I'm really, you should do it really with Facebook and maybe we're
misinterpreting this and I'll give credit there.
Maybe we need clarification on how exactly this is going to work.
And I think it's pretty obvious to say if you don't give this game your Twitter login,
it can't do it.
So to some extent you're going to have to want it to post to Twitter for you.
But why that's, that's the part I failed to see.
Why is this useful?
And the other thing too is apparently it's going to feature like a faux social networking
site like inner tube, I guess it's their bizarre version of YouTube or something, but yeah,
it will have real, um, Twitter support as well.
I don't know.
I think it's fine if they want to, you know, if you have updates or something like that,
but that's something more like Facebook because at least then you can filter it out.
But Twitter, I don't want to see updates about, you know, stuff like that.
I don't know.
Or maybe it gives you the option like say you want first place and you get the option,
do you want to tweet this or not?
That might be a little more tolerable depending on how often people do it.
You know, I, I, I just, I'm a little iffy on it though.
Yeah.
I just want to say this.
Just don't do it.
Just don't bother with it.
If my Twitter gets filled up with blur race updates, then I can't read that so and so
just took a big poop on Twitter, you know, and isn't that what Twitter's really about
is what you ate for breakfast this morning?
Exactly.
With the new, uh, was it the new, um, action or whatever?
I am actually starting to get really annoyed with Twitter.
Like it's a love hate thing with Twitter.
There's a lot of dumb shit on Twitter, but at the same time I found it to be really good
for networking and getting the information out there.
Like it's been really good for the show.
That's what I use it for.
As I use it for a lot of my networking now.
I use it for O.L.R.
Foodio.
Yeah.
Now there's a new hashtag.
Loki invented a new hashtag and the thing is people are using it that listen to this
show.
Like it's not just me, but like I saw like three other people using the new O.L.R.
Foodio tweet and I'm somewhere torn between this is really funny and you know, I just
think Twitter needs to take some cues from Facebook and give us better ways to filter
content.
I think it's really what they need.
I've actually been using my Facebook a whole lot more than Twitter now.
I mean, simply because of a lot of the reasons that you just mentioned.
So, uh, Bochi Kawa in chat makes a very good point.
Poop is greater than waste race win.
I agree.
All right.
So anyhow, Blur getting Twitter support, uh, we'll see exactly how that plays out a little
later on.
Meantime, one game that's not going to have Twitter support, but it will have support
for your balance board is of course, Wii Fit Plus and a release date has been announced
for Wii Fit Plus.
It's coming out on October 4th.
Here's the great thing about Wii Fit Plus.
Remember how a lot of us were thinking that on Nintendo's just going to price gouge on
this and that?
Nope.
It's going to cost $20 Wii Fit Plus is only going to set you back $20.
Now keep in mind that's if you already have a balance board.
So they figure if you have a balance board, then they got to once already with Wii Fit
because they don't sell a balance board separately.
Do they?
So, but so they're, and they're going to get rid of the skew that is the Wii Fit with the
balance board.
Now you will only be able to buy Wii Fit Plus with the balance board, but I guess the good
news, the silver lining is that, you know, for those of you that just want to upgrade
because there are some new games, there are some new things with this, it's only going
to cost you $20.
Good news.
Bad news.
Loki.
The bad news, which you forgot to mention was now they also raised the price of that
bundle by $10.
Sorry about that.
And that'll be $99.99 for that bundle.
So if you didn't get in on the ground floor of Wii Fit, which I'm going to tell you this
much, if you didn't get in on the ground floor of that, you're not missing out.
Seriously.
And you know, if you're dumb enough to buy the game by itself, no offense, but like it's
almost the same game again.
I don't know why you'd buy the same game again.
Because there are some extra things that some of the little mini games were kind of cute.
I mean, you know, if you're going to buy that Wii Play or whatever, you know, you spend
an extra $10 to get Wii Play and none of those games are good.
Right?
I don't know.
Whatever.
I mean, I don't know, see, I don't think the same way issue about Wii Fit.
Like I get the point behind Wii Fit and I actually kind of like it.
I think if you actually make it a point to play the game every day and you know, some
exercise is better than none.
You know, granted, it's not the best thing you could be doing.
You could be lifting weights or you could be running or jogging, but you know, if it's
kind of a nice meet you in the middle type of thing and I think that's what Wii Fit's
always been about.
Right?
I guess.
It's trying to make exercising more fun for kids and non-kids who are just not as motivated.
They should just have you bench press the board and make it way more...
I'll have to put D cell batteries in it to make it a little heavier.
No, just put in big ol' 9 volts.
I don't know.
I'm actually considering picking out...
It's only $20.
That's not that bad considering...
Is this supposed to have some internet stuff too where you're gonna be able to pair with
friends around the globe?
Just wait for the peer use.
I'm sure it will.
All right.
Fine.
Maybe I'll do that.
We'll see.
Takeo Ray in our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com says, my friend's aunt lost 40 pounds using
Wii Fit.
She was just by it.
Lumi's in chat says, it's all about your diet and how consistent you are.
That's kind of true too is that you can't expect that you play Wii Fit by itself for
like 10 minutes a day and that anything major is gonna happen.
It kind of has to be part of a greater lifestyle adjustment.
And that's why...
And I also noticed that xlink in chat says, I'll play my EA Active.
One thing about EA Active is that EA Active kind of encourages you as well to be eating
and doing other stuff.
Any exercises besides just EA Active, I don't think it implements it very well, but at least
it kind of makes it a point to emphasize that as a part of the game as well.
Yeah.
Cause I mean, it's, you can't just do one or I mean, you could do one or the other,
but they're more effective done together.
I'll tell you what I mean, to be honest, I think one website I think has been very good
for this.
You know, when I was kind of trying to lose weight and I still am to an extent, one website
I found that I really enjoyed was Spark People, which is actually a pretty good website where
you can monitor your food intake and you monitor your exercise and how many glasses of water
you drink a day.
The day does that too.
And everything.
I just, I really liked the way Spark People was set up.
So I, and it has an iPhone app, which was the other big thing about that that was cool.
So I would definitely recommend that as a part of your diet if you're going to start
Wii Fit or what have you, because you can actually enter in, Hey, I did 40 minutes of
Wii Fit and it'll count that as calories burned.
So it's a really nice way to incorporate something like that into your diet.
That's cool.
I think Wii Fit may be great for people who don't like to exercise in public.
I think for some people don't like to do that.
That makes sense.
No, that makes perfect sense.
I know a lot of people like that.
I'm kind of one of them.
Like I'll go out and run.
I'm not a gym person at all, but I know I have a, I have a friend really, really trying
to get me to go to the gym.
I'm kind of on the fence.
I'm like, I don't know.
I don't mind going to the gym, but I usually hide myself in the weight room and, and you
know, which is sometimes kind of really nerve wracking, especially when you have all the
guys there.
Not that I have a problem with all the guys there or anything.
It's just that I don't like going, you know, with, with all the guys there.
Not ever.
Yeah.
And it's probably there's some people that listen to us like, come on you pussies.
But I, I can't explain it.
It's just.
Well, if I'm the only girl there and there's like 10 guys that just got off the basketball
court all pumping away, so I'm like, uh, yeah, bye.
All right.
Let's move on with some more news.
Y'all I could take them.
Bench press them.
They'll cry.
Um, Sony has a stupid idea.
They've had a lot of stupid ideas.
This is really stupid.
And by stupid, I mean stupid.
Um, they're doing a reality TV show.
Yeah.
I laughed when I saw this.
Isn't that kind of all the rage right now?
I mean.
That's stupid.
Reality TV is ass.
Um, so basically it's got a gaming related reality TV show called the tester.
That's going to be a PSN later in the year where the, uh, people in it can, uh, play
some different, um, elimination challenges so, uh, they can see, you know, who has the
best mental, you know, physical, their best, uh, knowledge too.
And then, um, they get a job as a game tester with, um, the PlayStation QA department in
San Diego.
Here's the thing.
I am feel completely different from Jamie.
I don't think all reality TV is trash.
You watch big brother.
I think some of it is trash.
Well, I like reality shows that are basically modern game shows.
Like, you know, in my opinion, big brother is a game show as is survivor is a game show
of sorts.
And I've always liked game shows of all different types.
So I, I'm not bothered by those shows.
And even to an extent I can tolerate some of those like VH1 and Bravo shows like project
runway is pretty good too.
And some of that project runway though is more like a design contest.
Well, see, but now you see, you can't, you can't say you hate reality shows and then
say, but, but this one's okay.
Well, this to me though is like, what was the Trump one?
Um, the apprentice, I hated that show.
See, the apprentice is okay, but my biggest problem with it is that it basically came
down to one dude's opinion, you know, and I think it would have been better if there
was a board.
But anyway, I don't want to get into diagnosing all these reality shows.
What I don't like is like this VH1 is getting so saturated with these shows.
Like I turned on the other day, it was like the Terrell Owens reality show or something.
I'm like, really, really no.
And there's just a lot of these types of shows, like the dating shows too much, too much.
Give me back my own reality.
I want, I want sitcoms.
Okay.
Here's the funniest part about this reality show is we've known game testers and it's
not as glamorous as you would think.
That's what I actually wanted to get to is that the prize here, I hate to say it is not
very good.
Like, and no offense to the game testers I know out there, a lot of you work very hard
for very little money.
And that's why I don't understand this whole glamorization of the gaming testing.
Like it's this really like gaming testing again, it's not that hard to get into.
I don't think here's what's going to have to be offended, but it's kind of an entry
level position.
It's how you get your foot in the door at gaming companies.
But a lot of people take that and work up to something a lot bigger.
Shouldn't a prize on a reality game show be something bigger?
See, here's what I think is going to happen is that the person's going to play all these
really cool challenge things that come out and, oh yeah.
Which are all Sony games.
But they're going to be all like, yeah, I'm into it.
Yeah, this is fun.
Yeah, I win.
I have to work.
I have to show up for my job.
You want me to test a cow milking game?
You know what this is going to be?
This is just going to be a holiday tie in.
It's going to be a free download on PlayStation Network.
This is going to be product placement after product placement of all these Sony upcoming
games.
I don't think it's a terrible idea.
I mean, especially if it's a free show.
Hey.
I'll enter.
How about that?
Why don't I enter?
You want to enter?
I can't quit my day job, but if you want to enter and move to San Diego, good luck with
that.
No, thanks.
I don't want to move to San Diego to test games for like eight bucks an hour.
I like San Diego, but I sure as hell don't want to live there.
I hope somebody from OLR wins it.
If you want to do it, it might be a pretty awesome way to get exposure, but I don't know.
Yeah.
I'm kind of with Loki.
The prize is not that awesome, but I don't think this show is really about giving someone
a once in a lifetime dream opportunity.
I think the show is going to be nothing but nonstop product placement for holiday Sony
games, but granted, it's a pretty clever way to do it.
Patty said something funny.
Uh, Giovedea in chat.
Yeah.
That's what I was...
Yeah.
Go ahead and read it.
Oh.
I'm on reality TV, life with my grandma.
I just don't know how compelling that would be.
Unless your grandma like competes in the X games, then I would watch a show like that.
Or she was like a serial killer grandma.
Yes.
All right.
So...
I would watch a show called Serial Killer Grandma.
Do they have that on Discovery Channel?
I don't know.
I will check out an episode of this and see if it's any good, but I just kind of have
a feeling it's just going to be product placement and trailers I can download somewhere else
on PlayStation Network.
But we'll see.
Something that this winner might be testing out is the brand new 3D support for the PlayStation
3.
Now, this is kind of...
I don't know.
It's neat, but at the same time, it's not that special because in order for you to be
able to use it, you need one of those brand new TVs that can refresh at over 200 hertz.
So that is a problem, and not a lot of people have those TVs right now.
But if you happen to do, and you have the special stereoscopic glasses for that, then
you can actually play some of the games.
One of them, of course, Wipeout in 3D, and that'll be coming out in 2010.
I know, actually, sooner than that, they're going to be doing that with Avatar.
But once again, you need that really high-end TV, and right now, there's maybe five different
TVs out there that have that kind of feature for them.
You think this might be the future of gaming, though?
Because when we see things like this, I kind of go, okay, well, maybe it's for a certain
group of people right now, but could it be the future of gaming?
It's cutting edge, yes, but it might be too cutting edge.
It's too early because people aren't going to upgrade their TV just to get one of these
TVs that does 200Hz until they start coming out with a lot of 3D movies and stuff, and
this stuff comes out at a price.
But right now, I guess they can claim that they were the first to do this, or something.
I don't know.
But actually, they can't claim they were the first to do this, because now that I think
of it, because if Avatar's coming out on both the 360 and PS3, then they will be doing it
at the same time.
Wasn't like Rad Racer on the NES in 3D?
Yeah, but that was with those red-blue glasses.
Wasn't the Virtual Boy in 3D?
The amazing migraine machine?
Yeah, see, that was actually true 3D, but this, though, yeah, I don't know.
It's a neat thing, but it's-
I kind of don't want to see gaming go all 3D like this.
Like, I went and saw Up in 3D, which, don't get me wrong, great movie, had a great time,
but I kind of had a little bit of a headache after it for watching that for like 90 minutes.
And even though they say you're supposed to take a break every hour when you play video
games, you guys know that's not how it goes.
No.
You'll sit there and play a video game for four hours.
Okay, like-
Until you gotta pee.
Yeah, or I need to eat.
But if I sit there with those 3D glasses on playing, like, I don't know, I think I saw
some demo online, like Wipeout HD was being presented in 3D glasses, I bet that looks
fucking awesome, because Wipeout HD already looks fucking awesome.
It's just-
But I would have a headache after four hours.
Well, it's just, you know, they're gonna be starting to support more of this stuff.
It's just like why games now are 5-1 Dolby, you know?
And HD and all that stuff, it's just because people, it's the progression that's gonna
go in.
I mean, that's what their push is for cinema right now is more 3D, and, you know, eventually
that's gonna move to the home market.
So it makes sense that games are gonna go in that direction, especially since, you know,
hey, 3D might come in handy when like Project Intel comes out, or, you know, these games
are gonna be using the Sony motion capture thing that they're gonna have, you know?
You might need to see stuff in 3D space in that sense, but I don't know, it's not cheap
right now, though.
Like, if you wanna buy a monitor for your PC and, you know, the stereoscopic glasses,
it's gonna set you back $500.
I mean, that's pretty cheap, you know, compared to an HGTV.
Yeah, but technology's gonna come down in price eventually.
Exactly, it will.
You know, remember when HGTVDs, or sorry, H, I just, I can't talk anymore, HGTVs, remember
when those were like thousands of dollars to get an HGTV, and now, like, this Christmas,
I think you're gonna see those flying off the shelves, yeah.
Remember the big deal?
They were like $5,000.
Ooh, I have 2DX and a WEGA.
Yeah.
Well, a lot of that was faux HD, too.
A lot of those WEGAs didn't even really do HD, but yeah, I mean, technology's gonna come
down in price.
It just does, right?
Yeah.
I don't know, but...
And if it doesn't, it kills the thing, too, you know.
That's right, because, you know, not everybody's rich.
Yeah.
Something to keep in mind.
I wanna go back to our chatroom, chat.orangelandrader.com, and read some comments.
There was a comment on the last story about the whole reality television from Salacious
Pop.
Hi there.
Says, if I recall correctly, the Penny Arcade guys were doing something reality-based at
Penny Arcade Expo.
I don't know if it's a mini-doc for the DVD or a standalone thing or what.
Jamie, being a person that hates all reality television, would you hate a Penny Arcade
documentary as well?
There's a difference between a reality TV show and a documentary.
Is there?
Yes.
What is the difference?
The documentary being that it's set for an informative purpose.
Its purpose is not necessarily entertainment.
It is to give you the information regarding a particular situation, a historical event,
for an individual.
Couldn't a documentary be entertaining?
Like, depending on where you are.
That's why I said, not necessarily just for entertainment.
Reality TV is supposed to be, oh, here's your slice of how other people live.
You know, like, for example, if you took a documentary to Somalia to see about, you know,
the results of the war and their own little mafia thing going on there, and you get unfiltered
information, or if it's filtered, it's just to make it, you know, slightly more palatable,
but it's not scripted.
This is what's going on.
It's inquisitive.
It's editorial.
This is what is going on.
Whereas reality TV is, in the end, a manufactured reality.
All right, fine.
I just was kind of curious.
I don't think that's a pretty, pretty definite, you know, definition.
It's the purpose between having, this is actually what's happening versus, well, this is what
we want you to see happening.
This is a made up reality.
These people auditioned to be in our version of real life.
You know what that has me kind of thinking about, though, is that, you know, I bet there
would be a lot of people that would be interested in watching something like that, kind of a
behind the scenes thing at PAX, and even though, you know, it was commented that it's probably
going to be for a DVD, wouldn't it be kind of neat if this was a downloadable exclusive
on PlayStation Network or Xbox 360, I know has done a lot of work with Penny Arcade?
I think that'd be cool.
Or even like, you know what might be a really cool tie in?
Have it be something that's on Xbox 360 Netflix.
Put it on Netflix as an instant queue title, and then people could watch it.
I think that would be worthwhile.
That'd be pretty cool.
See, like, I think that is something that if PlayStation Network is going to make up
this reality show or whatever, that should also be an avenue that they should think about
doing is, you know, maybe, or maybe Microsoft will beat them to the punch, who knows, is
creating these shows about, like, behind the scenes development of games or fandom, I guess
you could say in this case, or, you know, Expos, whatever it is, kind of, you know,
gamer documentaries.
Well, it was like what I was watching today, Dan, because, you know, my, pretty much my
favorite type of sports car is the Bugatti Veyron, right?
Well, Dan was showing me the video for Forza 2 about how they got the Bugatti license,
and, you know, were mapping out the car, how it was done, the meat of how they, you know,
put the car in the game.
That type of stuff is always interesting to me.
Like, I love behind the scenes stuff in movies.
I like watching the how they do that type thing, you know.
I did love watching Ripley's Believe It or Not.
You know what I love?
Unwrapped on the Food Network.
Now, that's a documentary.
I don't have Food Network.
Hosted by the one and only Mark Summers.
Loki, am I right or am I right?
It is a documentary.
I don't know if it's like, oh my god, awesome, but, you know, it's interesting.
It's what we watch to kill time for something else to watch.
Haters.
Hey, I don't hate it.
I just don't love it.
Like, especially when you've seen, like, the same episode over and over, they start reusing
some of their, you know, segments on other episodes.
I'll give you that.
I'll give you that.
They do need to make some new stuff.
Like, this episode's the stuff that's packaged in plastic.
Oh, this episode's about baskets.
So, this episode's about Cheez Whiz.
It's like, I don't care.
No, there was an episode on Cheez Whiz?
No, there was not an episode on Cheez Whiz.
But there's been, like, three episodes about picnics and there's, like, you know, they
show how they make picnic baskets.
I don't care.
It has nothing to do with food.
A picnic basket?
What about those little, don't they call those picnics, those little potato fried things
you can buy in the, forget it?
You know what is a weird show that's kind of along the lines of Unwrapped is how it's
made or something like that?
And they have, like, the most random stuff, like, put together.
It's like, this episode you're gonna learn how they make galvanized steel, doorknobs,
that's great, bowling balls, and mayonnaise.
It's like, what the fuck is that?
I mean, it's like, it's so random.
It's like, ooh, steel!
Oh, doorknobs.
I'm sorry.
When I was just out of high school, though, there was a show that they used to come on,
and I don't think, I think this was, you know, before the day of the Food Network, they used
to come on where they would show you how to make snacks that you buy in the grocery store,
like, they showed how to make Twinkies.
Twinkies will always and forever make me think about the tournament we did, the DDR and Beat
Mania 2DX tournament we did at Scandia.
It was called the Sacramento Hosts Another Fabulous Tournament, or we called it Behind
the Scenes Another Fucking Tournament.
It was SHAFT for short.
And it was great, but it was better than SCAT before it.
You have to remember, when our buddy Keith worked at Scandia, we could, we ran that fucking
joint when we wanted to do a tournament, and we did the most random things.
I know the employees there must have hated us, and so did all the customers, which is
part of the reason why that worked.
But we stayed and helped clean up.
We did.
We did.
No, we did a really awesome tournament there and probably brought up some new business,
but we did the most random stuff.
We turned the birthday party room into a station where you could buy fried Twinkies.
Yes, we did.
Deep fried Twinkies.
What the hell that has to do with the OBS?
I don't know.
That was Irene.
Yeah, I know.
That was Irene and Justin B., who now does all these remixes that are popular on YouTube.
Who knew?
And all this stuff.
Keep in mind, though, that we also had, the tournament before that had a cosplay event.
It was Sacramento Cosplay and Tournament.
Yeah, SCAT.
Sacramento's Cosplay and Tournament.
I remember that.
It was SCAT.
It was awesome.
We need to...
See, if we were to have like an OLR con or something, it just needs to be like fucking
random like that, where we have a fried Twinkie station.
We should just have random con.
Loki presents the Baconator station or something.
I'm telling you, listen, hold on, hold on.
We are seriously kicking around an idea of doing an all-bacon party for my birthday.
I'm serious.
Didn't your birthday already happen?
I don't know.
It's coming up.
Next Friday.
Oh, you should do it.
Well, we're thinking about it.
Have some bacon fried bacon.
We're not bacon frying bacon.
That's just redundant.
All right.
Look, look.
I want to get to some more comments because we had some funny stuff on Unwrapped.
We had two fans of Unwrapped in chat.
Takeo Ray says, Unwrapped is the best show on Food Network.
Act Def says, Unwrapped is awesome.
Salacious Pop says, That show makes me lol because I'm like, oh, go jump in some Gak
Mark summers.
He couldn't.
He would have a, he's got that whole OCD thing going on.
That's right.
Did you see those documentaries about double dairy?
It scared him.
Well, yeah, because, because he, he's, um, what, what type of phobia is it where you're
afraid of messes?
I thought it was a type of OCD that he had like a, like a clean cleanliness OCD.
Something like that.
Either that or he had like an actual phobia.
All right.
Rama in chat simply says, Fuck Unwrapped.
Good eats is better.
Alton Brown is, is pretty awesome.
All right.
I agree.
Good eats is better.
Enough food.
Let's get to emails.
You can't eat emails.
I'm sure if you could, Dark Sakura would have eaten one by now.
Nope.
Nope.
You're wrong.
I would have thrown them up.
You could print out emails on that paper that they use to print photos on a cake, then you
could eat emails.
That's true!
We need to have a contest where we eat somebody's email one night, live on air.
Have your email eaten by a cast member.
We don't have the printer for that.
We'd have to take it out.
How much does that cost?
I don't know.
Not that much.
Hm.
Haha.
Ugh.
You people are sick.
Mailbag!
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Dark Sakura, dive into the email bag and read us an email.
Um, what?
Okay.
The first one comes from Deathwishing, which is actually the last email I received.
I will have wrote, it's written, this message from a place called Howie's Game Shack.
Well, I went to Guitar Hero 5 and it is fucking amazing.
It's probably the best one in the franchise.
I know, right?
Weird.
But seriously, you gotta try it out.
Just skip Smash Hits Van Halen and Metallica and any other...
Whereid.
Or weird, I should say.
Cause he spelled it the same way twice.
Um, any other weird...
Whereid tie in games they will make.
Haha.
What is it?
Whereid tie.
Haha.
Cyber Cafe Love Deathwishing.
I think he meant weird tie in game.
So yeah.
Um.
Okay.
Thank you.
This comes from...
I think I've been to that place.
I was trying to look at Howie's Cyber...
I think I've been there.
I think I used the computers there once one time too.
That's kind of funny.
Um, this comes from...
One.
Yeah, we did use one of the Cyber Cafes on Hollywood Boulevard.
There was one in Koreatown that I think was it.
Anyway, sorry.
Sorry.
Hey, O.L.R.
I was looking on the net and I heard if you have a PSP Go and a PS3 you can pair up the
PS3 controller with a PSP Go to have dual analog sticks.
A half assed way to solve that problem analog nub and make you buy more stuff from them.
Problem Solved.
P.S.
I recently bought a UMD M1, oh a Umid A M1, a 4 inch netbook and it can play high def
games.
Now it looks stupid with the USB hub, external CD-ROM and a controller sticking out of it
but it is a good thing to know.
Bye.
Clearly that email was written on a PSP as well.
You can actually do that on a PSP, well any PSP actually right now because you can do
that with like I know Resistance Retribution that links up with the PS3 and you can use
your PSP Dual Shock or 6-axis to use dual analogs.
That's interesting because how many games really support that?
One.
One?
Well that feature isn't any good unless your PSP games actually support it but I guess
maybe it's a trend that will be starting.
And if you have a PS3 and you're near your PS3.
Hey but I was talking about earlier in the show there's a lot of hidden functionality
between the PS3 and the PSP that Sony does a really poor job at advertising that is very
cool.
They play in the PSP on your TV like if you did that dual shock thing you could put your
resistance game on your TV and then play with the dual shock controller.
I noticed Dark Sockers looking at a little thing for Diss it up.
I tried the download demo with that.
This is part of the soundtrack.
Is it?
Yeah.
I couldn't get a grasp on the game.
Like I just couldn't figure out what the hell I was doing.
I just was button mashing.
Is that all the game is?
Button mashing with Final Fantasy characters?
No not exactly.
Really?
I couldn't figure out the strategy behind it.
I think the demo was set up very well.
It needed like a tutorial or something.
Or maybe I'm just stupid.
That's fine too.
Nah.
Alright anyhow.
Next email.
Hi!
Hi.
My name is Megan by the way.
I have been listening to your podcast for a few weeks now and really enjoy it.
I wanted to say I don't know why so many people are complaining about the cost of the PSP
Go.
I live in Toronto Canada and a PSP 3000 costs $167 and a 16 gigabyte memory stick costs
$139 so the PSP Go is a good deal for a new player.
Keep up the great work on your podcast.
A 6 gigabyte memory stick you said?
16.
I don't know.
You'd get the bundle.
I don't know how much it would cost Canadian but it can't be much more than it is here.
I just got a bundle because my old PSP was kind of dying so I actually just picked up
a PSP 3000 this week.
I bought a $199 bundle that came with the PSP 3000, a 4 gig memory stick, School of
Rock little codes you can use which whatever I don't really care for Jack Black but I'll
just download it because it was free and then Rock Band Unplugged all came with it.
So you know that wasn't a bad deal at all for the PSP 3000.
The problem is the PSP Go is what $50 cheaper than a PlayStation 3 is now and it's got less
features than a PSP 3000.
That's where the logic fails me.
If you're going to go PSP, go PSP 3000.
To be honest you can find memory sticks pretty cheap and here's the other thing too.
I don't know if you really need 16 gigabytes of storage.
Even if you're buying games on there, I don't think you need that.
When I was putting ISO's on there I didn't need that amount of space.
4 gigs at the most maybe and then how many games do you plan on storing on there?
Yeah they need 16 gigabytes on a PSP Go because that's all you can do is download stuff but
you're going to be playing a lot of your games off UMDs anyways.
There's really no reason to get the Go other than ooh look it slides.
By the way my comments on Final Fantasy Dissida kind of got the chat room talking about that
a little bit.
AlphaCananagram says the demo doesn't do it justice and he puts demo in caps.
GioVedeo says Dissida is fucking amazing I heart it and AlphaCananagram wants you to
know he is playing Dissida right now a level 100 onion knight on hardcore play mode.
I guess maybe I'll have to check out the full game at some point.
The last email and I'm kind of not going to say who it's coming from but he also didn't
say who he got it from.
It's an email that was sent out to Disney cast members about the acquisition of Marvel
Entertainment and just looking this over they're actually talking about here's what really
got me.
Marvel's business meshes perfectly with ours and what we've all been doing to maximize
the value of Disney's creative properties across our business media platforms and geographical
markets and then goes on to talk about Pixar and but here's the other line.
The acquisition of Marvel offers us a similar opportunity to advance that strategy meaning
putting out things all over the world for using it for marketing purposes.
So I am sort of maybe I'm reading a bit more into this but since they've been talking about
use of the Marvel brand and you know the consumer market I have a feeling we're going to start
seeing actual this was sent out to cast members meaning I think it's the park.
That means that we might start seeing characters in the parks and of course you know that's
also going to mean games.
It's going to mean movies.
It's going to mean more things that happen tomorrow.
Not tomorrow but I'm saying down the line let me put it this way that their licenses
are going to run into like 2015 2017 I mean it's that long.
You know what else is interesting in for some reason that the whole story about Disney buying
Marvel didn't make tonight show role but I'm sure everybody read about it somewhere on
the Internet.
You couldn't get away from it.
I thought it was very interesting about when that story hit is that you just saw all this
like freaking cross fanboy wank all over the Internet all at once about like OMG there's
going to be Kingdom Hearts with Marvel characters and like all this stuff that ain't happening
as if Spider-Man was going to be in Toy Story 4.
No it's not.
I see that and I realize some of you might be making a joke but like seriously I heard
those jokes like 500 times this week all the that type of stuff and I don't think anything's
going to change overnight.
I mean I I kind of go back to Disney buying the Muppets like I realize it's a little different
because the Muppets were the Muppets a company.
I guess they were of some sort Jim Henson productions.
I guess it's a little different at the same time.
What changed with the Muppets.
Not a lot.
We got a cool 3D thing at Disneyland.
And so maybe we'll get a cool Marvel ride at California Adventure or whatever.
Maybe they'll bring back the 7th portal.
But it's going to be a while.
Doesn't Marvel have an agreement with other theme parks.
I know DC does.
DC is what you see all over Magic Mountain and the Six Flags.
I want to see the 7th portal come back.
Oh come on you went on that with me at Great America.
I just I just don't think it's going to be like I don't think Disney is going to mean
that Marvel is going to run the same way Disney does.
I just think a lot of people are jumping to conclusions.
Ronma also said Darkwing Duck and the Avengers Disney fund it.
And act up says the Incredibles versus Fantastic Four.
Oh this is the best salacious pop.
I'd be on board for a Deadpool Hannah Montana crossover.
See I would totally be down for that.
Come on.
Come on.
Not happening.
I would be so down for that.
Although hey the Kingdom Hearts with Marvel characters is kind of a neat idea.
It's just not going to happen right away.
Well hell we don't even know when Kingdom Hearts 3 is going to happen if anytime soon.
So Ronma says Rob Roberts yeah but Disney already pulled the old budget cuts on one
of their publishing arms.
Well I hate to say it but that's kind of what happens sometimes when you know the businesses
consolidate.
But I don't know we'll see.
We'll see if the creativity is stifled at all.
I just I just think a lot of people are doom and glooming a little early.
We'll see.
Anyhow let's get into the FUs of the week.
It's a segment here on the show where we get a little ranty a little angsty.
We have some sand in places that we need to have removed.
So we do a little ranting here on the show.
It's something it's tradition we've done ever since episode one.
Don't ask just rant.
We don't really have anything to inspire the FUs tonight.
I don't have a story but what about that guy that said that video games were poison or
whatever.
We'll dedicate the FUs tonight to him.
The Gundam guy.
I had something actually.
Go for it.
Already.
You know they're supposed to be doing Obama's speech in public schools on the 8th.
I don't know how I feel about this whole political but okay go for it.
Well it's really it's an encouragement to stay in school.
That's what it is.
I think it's great that you know that this is going out.
It's a sign that you know our president does care about children instead of you know Bush
going how do you read.
But at the same time what really pisses me off are all those people who say oh well this
is going to interrupt my kids school day so I'm going to not let them go to school that
day.
That makes no sense.
It makes makes my brain go what.
Why what.
You know especially when all the schools are making arrangements for children who don't
want for parents who don't want their children to see the the the speech that the schools
are making arrangements for children who aren't going to be allowed to see it.
So I mean if you don't want to interrupt their education then why are you interrupting a
full day of education as opposed to seven hours of education I mean that that makes
no sense to me.
You people make no sense.
My whole thing with the people just need to stop thinking in one extreme or the other.
I bet you when all is said and done nobody is blue and nobody is red everybody's a little
bit purple and just I'm the whole like taking kids out of school as some type of political
statement or whatever is just too extreme.
They're saying that they're doing it not so that their education isn't interrupted but
they're interrupting their children's education that day.
It's just you need to have a better argument just come right out and say I'm a fucking
racist or I you know my brain's too thick and my children I don't want them to have
an open mind.
Why not encourage disagreeing with the president.
That's what this company is.
If you disagree with the speech encourage your children to watch the speech let your
children watch the speech and then talk about it you know be a fucking parent.
You know part of being a parent yeah true you have to make sure that your child's not
going to see anything harmful but at the same time you can't protect them from every damn
little thing that you don't want them to see.
That's what the real world is you know I've met people who've grown up sheltered and they're
frightening people.
I also think that these same people if it had been a different president would be calling
the same acts that they are doing right now an American.
You know what I mean?
Like I just have a bad feeling there's a lot of hypocrites out there.
So anyway let's get into the F.U.'s of the week.
So Dark Sakura.
That was my F.U.
That was your F.U.
All right there you go.
I just thought it was my F.U.
I thought that was the story that inspires the F.U.
That inspired my F.U. and it was my F.U.
Fair enough.
Thank you Rockstar for getting rid of my modded Grand Theft Auto games and it's absolutely
ruined the whole Grand Theft Auto experience to us.
But you know what?
I will find a way around it like I always do.
I'm going to say something that's a total inside joke.
There's maybe like two or three people that listening that would understand this.
But I'm just going to give a big F.U. this week to exclamation points.
That's all I'm going to say F.U.
Exclamation points.
Let's move on with a couple more gaming stories and then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Well people like making a lot of fan videos for different games and Makima is pretty popular.
Well Naughty Dog has decided to show off what they've done to aid in that for Uncharted
2.
There's a lot of Makima tools available for you including the ability to actually green
screen the backgrounds with your characters in there so you can actually edit different
things in there.
And also the ability to sync up your voice with the player's mouth movements so it actually
makes it look like they're talking.
And yeah it's really really cool.
Apparently they do have an animation system I guess that's intelligent enough to turn
your audio stream into lip syncing for the on screen characters.
But I don't know I guess it's neat that they're offering all these things.
I wonder if we will actually see a lot of Makima videos for this.
That's kind of interesting when gaming companies kind of really embrace the whole Makima thing
you know.
Yeah.
That's what I liked about this story was that you know they're really kind of showing that
off and you know leaving it to people's creativity to make whatever they're going to make.
But it's really interesting how more and more gaming companies really embrace it.
But you know I mean obviously a lot of that stuff is just free promotion for the game
right.
Yeah exactly.
Well there you go.
One more story for you guys and then your phone calls.
There is a company that will be making a brand new console.
It's a company called Xtal Corporation or maybe Shtal Corporation I don't know X-T-A-L.
Actually their full name is Silicon Xtal Corporation.
They filed a trademark recently for the term sex box.
That's right sex box because this company they're going to be making a video game system
that only plays interactive adult only rated video game titles.
Hell yes.
By the way just so you know only about 20 adult only titles even exist right now.
One of them being Grand Theft Auto 4 after the whole debacle of hot coffee.
But most of them are just dumpy little PC games that happen to involve a lot of sex.
You mean Sandra's?
Yeah I'm sorry Sandra's.
Yeah that's what I meant sorry.
By the way as well as specializing in the adult only games the sex box will also give
its owners access to adult only content and entertainment and all sorts of other digital
forms.
I'm assuming this means like streaming movies and video and all that.
Video video HDTV DVD online gaming social networking webcams video on demand downloading
movie rentals purchases etc etc etc everything but real fucking will be included on this
sex box.
Only because the technology doesn't exist yet.
What do you think?
Loki you seem to be a big advocate for the sex box.
I mean is this something legit or is this TEEHEE?
I think the way they're going to approach it is going to be TEEHEE.
But I'm all about a system that will allow publishers assuming that they actually want
to put out stuff on this system the opportunity to put out games uncensored.
And yes we're probably going to see a lot of porno games that are probably going to
be crap but at the same time if they want to release a really fucking crazy version
of Manhunt 2 or something like that they can do it.
And you know I applaud that but at the same time I think it's going to be kind of lame.
However that being said assuming that the games on there look pretty decent I will probably
pick one of these up because it will be funny I can go hee hee I have a sex box.
You know what I'm all for I've gotten into this rant a long long time ago on this show
I'm all for sexier video games and all this and just downloading porn on your Playstation
3 and Xbox.
I understand why the companies don't want to open Pandora's box and that whole thing
but why not?
I mean it's just because we have this whole stigma in our society where the violence is
okay Manhunt 2 is okay in a lot of these games and the Saw movies are fine but heaven
forbid we show a cock or some bush and I'm not talking about a president on the television
you know it's just I'll never get it.
But granted how can you make a serious game out of sex?
I mean a lot of these AO games we've seen like the what the three feel and stuff those
were all a little silly.
Well they are a little silly but also some of the games do get an AO rating it's really
silly what they're getting it for and I would be fine to see legitimate games and just maybe
push they just you know push the boundaries a bit but at the same time I think a lot of
it's just gonna be like hey look now that we can do adult only content let's just put
boobs and tits everywhere and you know just like make lots of fucking everywhere and that's
it it's gonna be kind of gimmicky.
I hope they put some real time and investment into making like a serious game out of it
to just really wow everybody instead of all these cheap games that just have titties and
stuff like make like an epic fuck quest or something like that.
Not necessarily you know with you know sex but like over the top violence you know something
like absolutely crazy where you can just rip parts off of people and it's you know gruesomely
detailed and stuff like that.
I don't want violence I want cock and titty.
I like violence.
I like I want violence.
Fine you'll play a cock and a titty that goes around ripping you know limbs off of people
there you go or deke man in chat says rip parts off of people and fuck them with it
you know you're dirty make what is wrong with you a game called naked slayer huh naked slayer
you can play slayer you can play either a guy or girl you can choose you know whatever
their orientation is and they run around naked killing people that's like American Psycho
pretty much that's like seeing through a two or just golden golden axe was almost there
I mean those costumes golden axe didn't leave much to the imagination you know so um salacious
pop and chat says apparently they're still making leisure suit Larry games though Sierra
and the dude who originally made them have nothing to do with that and they're terrible
that's true uh in fact that last one was had an AO rated version and it was pretty bad
and they are making still a new one there's a new one right they have that magna cum laude
or whatever that was a little stupid and they have a new one coming out right I think I
remember hearing a story on that earlier they had a new one that came out a while ago that
was kind of eh I like that idea by salacious pop uh professor Layton goes to boner town
professor Layton Layton that's funny um you know the whole the whole social networking
thing though could be interesting I mean a lot of people really unleash their sexuality
when they're hiding behind a computer monitor and you might be able to find people that
are into the same freaky shit you might be into like for example let me think of a fetish
that not a lot of people are into that's not completely disgusting there's actually you
can actually um quote Patton Oswald on that huh talking about there's a magazine for that
you know for every fetish that you think is so dirty and awful there's a magazine about
it yeah piss drinkers oh god although I'm sure there's people into that so whatever
but I'm saying that that's like the perfect the perfect uh so that just reminded me I'm
trying to think of something that's not just like totally disgusting that I can use my
example okay here's one some people have a food fight fetish okay they want to have sex
after a food fight like getting like really dirty like just rubbing around and like yeah
I don't know like pies and and salads and stuff I don't know like we're gonna have a
food fight and then we're no one has a salad I've heard about this on the radio it's true
but here's the thing like if you have a food fight fetish or whatever like you could go
on to this like sex box console find somebody else with the same fetish as you and then
have some safe fun together that what's wrong with that as long as these consoles preach
safety and you know not things that are illegal like ripping parts off of dead people and
fucking them with them that's not legal but as long as this encourages save money legal
things within boundaries with consenting adults that have to prove that they are adults in
order to even be able to log into this service why not why not all right Leo Shannon chat
says Rob you should give angels feather a try it's basically a game with Final Fantasy
type story and battles plus some porn on the side sounds amazing I have to check this game
out yes please do that again is called angels feather all right oh it actually has a anime
too all right anyhow salacious pop it chat says I don't think ants should be a possible
consequence of sex that's why you shower afterwards I don't know I'm just trying to think of something
that's not like drinking pee like Jamie suggested that's a bit much but if you're if that's
what you're into and both people consent then and your doctor says it's okay then have fun
it looks like that one of those dating sim type games there we go act-def people have
balloon fetishes that's that why isn't there any like pie pod fetishes remember the pie
pod from like they should seriously have it would be like you know the people that make
those sex machines but it's the sex machine stuff with a food fetish in there as well
and then that could be the interactive game on the sex box is the pie pod oh this show
is just gone to shit tonight yaoi game all right is it a yaoi game looks like good time
all male cast skype line time 1877 game olr if you'd like to give us a call or our username
on skype is orange lounge radio go ahead and feel free to give us a call in the meantime
we are going to go to loki for some last minute stories i'm assuming he has some yes um so
this is kind of cool they've got a new collection of games coming to um i don't know if it's
consoles but uh very soon a data east flashback collection apparently being uh rated by the
esrb bad dudes bad dudes bad and it's gonna have bad dudes in there amazing hold on hold
that thought we gotta call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this legend of saku well
hi legend of saku what's on your mind buddy no i'm just like in a hookah bar right now
just figure that i drop in just say what's up you know i would have never guessed i like
to good till you have fun pretty much i mean i've already you know already got gotten in
some key kooka right now just like uh had my first lighter my first heart cider um but
yeah i've just like been keeping up on what's been going on in packs especially the fact
that one of the one of the guys in xbox live you know had at the little quote unquote sermon
about the band hammer i actually caught on kataku earlier today i did not hear about
this tell us a little bit about it huh i didn't hear about this whole spiel what happened
there tell us a little bit about what happened i think it was basically one of the guys who
worked for microsoft or xbox live and his charter but maintaining order within there
and, you know, the one that wields a ban hammer, and he was basically just, basically, you know, giving a speech in the form of an actual, like, religious sermon,
and the way he was using, like, a lot of religious terms in terms of how he managed to wield the, you know, in other words, like, the name, like, the gamer tags,
and how, you know, they get banned, and then he's saying, like, but this guy is merciful, even though, you know, and he'll give you a second chance if you use any ban term in your gamer tag.
And then the other one, and then this other thing, hold on a sec, I already did it.
Oh, sure, we can hold.
But, yeah, he was basically saying stuff about, like, the, like, in Battlefield, where they were just, like, trying to, he was just preaching about how they were kicking certain other players.
It was basically some really, really religious stuff in PAX.
You know, PAX does manage to get some pretty kick-ass speeches, usually, and that is one thing I'm sad about missing in PAX this year.
All right.
All right, you gotta go, Zaku? You gotta get your hook on?
No, no, I'm still here.
Oh, okay.
No, no, I'm still here. I think we're about to head out, but I'm actually still good for talking.
All right, well, give us any final thoughts, quickly, because we do want to get some other calls.
Well, basically, I heard that the new WiiWare game, that Contra game, is, like, supposed to be really hard to tell, that you can't even, that you can't even get through.
I know it was already out in Japan earlier this year, but I figured that it might present a challenge to folks.
The original Contra was hard as hell.
Do you know anybody that can beat it without the up, up, down, down, left, right code?
Dan can.
Dan's a freak.
Basically, the way, I mean, from what I've seen, it's pretty much, it's a hard, I mean, it's pretty damn hard.
I mean, if you're going to be chugging away lives on Contra and the fact that it's, like, old-school classic Contra where you just, like, get your ass kicked after the first seconds without the code.
I mean, I'm already, I'm already talking right now with this other guy who's, like, really good in, like, you know, really deep in games and the fact that he managed to get Contra evolved a lot earlier than most of us did.
He got the Japanese version.
But even then, he's just, he's just chugging it off because he's, you know, he's pretty much a classic gamer in that sense.
So a challenge like that wouldn't be, it would be a no-brainer.
Weird that they haven't released that over here in the U.S. yet, though, but I guess soon enough.
I know, it's supposed to come out, actually, it's supposed to come out tomorrow, but it only came out in Europe.
I hope they dumbed it down for us Americans like they usually do.
What?
I said I hope they dumbed it down for the Americans like they usually do then and give us the 30 last words.
I heard the folks at Kotaku were complaining about the fact that it was, that it was pretty damn hard.
All right.
Well, Zaku, we gotta let you go. Have fun at the hookah bar.
All right.
Smoke one for us, all right?
Yes, I will. Have a good one. Have a good liberty.
All right.
See, you know what's interesting is I always tease Zaku for sounding like a stoner even though I don't really think he is.
I think he's told me like he's not.
But he actually, didn't he sound like really upbeat and happy tonight?
Like he didn't sound like so stoned calling us from the hookah bar.
I'm not surprised.
He sounded really happy and upbeat tonight.
Because he's at a hookah bar.
That's right. He's smoking up.
Light another one, dude.
Hookah bar does not get you high raw.
No, I know it doesn't.
However, it's really fun to blow smoke bubbles.
I know. I had hookah once.
Anyway, so back to the Data East collection here.
Some of the games are going to be included with it.
Magical Drop 3, Bad Dudes vs. Dragon Ninja, Burger Time, Caveman Ninja, Street Slam, and Secret Agent.
Too many ninjas as if there was such a thing.
Yeah.
So, I don't know. It's pretty awesome.
Alright, let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, I'm DS Master 25.
Hi, DS Master 25. What is on your mind?
Oh, I'm 26 because I aged.
But, oh well.
Basically, the whole, I've been playing a whole lot of old school titles.
Like what?
For the past few weeks now.
I've been trying my best at trying to beat Contra for the Super C.
For the Super NES.
And, I swear to you.
Hold on.
Hold on.
What is with all the Contra revival tonight?
Like, that's two Contra calls in a row.
That is some strange anomaly.
It's a rite of passage, Rob.
I don't understand.
For the life of any young gamer, the rite of passage is making it through Contra.
Don't get me wrong. Super C on the Super Nintendo was badass.
And, everybody should play it once. Those Mode 7 stages were pretty awesome.
But, I just find it very strange. We've had two calls about Contra back to back.
Is every caller going to ask about Contra tonight?
No, I don't know.
It's not just Contra I've been playing.
But, also, this homebrew version of DDR for the Nintendo DS I came across called DS DS Revolution.
Well, I would hope you don't dance on your DS. You might break it.
No, it's like...
Did you guys ever come across, like, the old Game Boy?
Yeah, I played the Game Boy Color ones. They were hideous.
It was just a way to memorize step charts on the go. That's really the only reason I have it.
Well, basically, okay.
The controls came to do multiple arrows and everything with using A and B for the up and right arrows.
Apparently, DS DS Revolution seems to do the same exact thing, which is weird.
And, of course, I got the new R4i so I can play my homebrew stuff on my DSi.
And, I'll say here, it sounds a whole lot better than it did on my DS Lite.
But, other than that, I've mostly been trying to play some of my old Genesis games.
My Genesis doesn't work anymore. Which sucks.
What was that on Genesis?
My Genesis does not work anymore. Period.
Oh, sorry to hear that. Well, get that freaking collection on the 360 or PS3. It's amazing. There's, like, tons of games on it.
No, but here's the cool thing, though. Because I found a really easy to use, easy to install emulator for the Nintendo DS,
I've been using that now. Because I also had the thought of trying to play Genesis games on the go.
And most of my collection was as follows. Outrun, King of Fighters, I had Monopoly, but the emulator does not run.
Look, I'm just saying, if you want to do it legitimately, the Mega collection's not a bad deal. But anyway, sorry.
Yeah, I mean, it, you know, even though, like, you know, granted, I'm 17, you know, and I was never around when these games originally came out,
but I'm like, you know, it's great every once in a while to, you know, have an old school jig every once in a while.
Wait, wait, wait. I have a very important question. You said at the top, you introduced yourself as DS Master 25,
and then said, no, wait, I'm DS Master 26 because I age. And now you just said you're 17. I'm totally lost.
How old are you?
Well, I'm 17.
Okay, so where's the 26 come from?
Well, because all the DS Master tells are taken up, and 25 is the only one available at the time.
So it took that, and so now it's 26.
Okay. All right, I had, no, this was important.
No, it wasn't.
This is very important.
Oh, and plus I have a review for a bit on a new DS, well, semi-new DS title that I came across, Chinatown Wars.
All right, make it quick, because we gotta get some more calls.
Basically, I gotta say here, it looks exactly like the old PlayStation 1 GTA renditions.
It actually runs quite well on the DS.
And then another quickie, which I give that one a five stars, and then my last quickie review, Quake Live.
Recommended, you have a pretty decent hardware, because I got, it was getting a little bit shaky when there was multiple explosions on the screen.
And don't try to play with a trackpad mouse on a laptop, because I'll tell you this, this says murder on my hands beyond belief.
Yeah.
I had my index finger and all the rest of my fingers up to the WSAD keys, my thumb all the way stretched down to the left mouse button to shoot, and used my right hand to try to aim.
I definitely don't play Quake Live on the netbook.
All right, DS Master, thanks so much for the call. Take care, buddy.
Peace out.
Later.
Well, you see, DS Master 1 through 24 was taken, so I just went for 25.
I'll have you know that someone linked me in chat to a listing on eBay.
Yes, for $235 plus shipping, we can own our own edible image, edible ink cake printer that will allow us to print emails and eat them.
For $235, that's not bad. I'm thinking about it. That would be good.
I do have a challenge, though, on a future show.
I would like to hear from DS Masters 1 through 23 at some point.
I just want to know where they are, 1 through 24.
I would love to hear from DS Master 2 or someone with a lot of seniority in the DS Master chain.
1877 Game OLR, if you'd like to hear your voice on our lovely radio program, Orange Lounge Radio.
I mean, while distracting Rob.
Oh, with people of Walmart.com?
With people of Walmart.com.
That site is hilarious, but I'm just worried it's going to get old in a month.
Just look at the fail.
It's pretty funny.
Our phone's not ringing. I guess we're not getting any other calls.
We sometimes have a quick delay, so I'll give it another moment for calls.
One more story, Logan?
Crazy Kart Racing comes to the iPhone App Store, apparently, last week.
For $8, it's a Konami racing game featuring a cool roster of characters, including Pyramid Head, Robby the Rabbit,
and, of course, characters from Rumble Roses, Frogger, Goemon.
They even have Taco from Parodius, it looks like.
So that's interesting.
They even have Pyramid Head in the shot. It's kind of funny.
Phone's ringing.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator. What's on your mind?
Oh, you know, a couple things.
Yeah, I just got one of your little stories about an adults-only console that's about to come out.
And what are your thoughts on the adults-only console?
It's kind of Fe. I would have to get some more information about it before I fully form an opinion one way or the other.
But at least for the moment, the question is, even though the game's going to be adults-only, are they going to be actually any good?
I mean, you can always draw a parallel to a lot of the mature titles that came out at least last generation.
Like, for example, if you want to compare them to, like, the Grand Theft Auto games to, like, BMX Triple X or the Rumble Roll.
BMX Triple X was awesome. Awesomely bad, but in a so-bad-it-was-good kind of way.
You could carry a hose around on your bike.
I got to derail this conversation for a minute, Spazinator, because I have a topic I need to hear about from you, because we just had DS Master on the show talking about where his name comes from.
I need to know where Spazinator comes from.
It's kind of a weird story. I assume you're familiar with the American pie movies, right?
Yes.
Yeah, you know how there's a character on here that goes by the name of the Shervenator?
Yes.
Well, when I mean Spazinator, this is back in the PS2 days.
I literally just got down watching the first American pie movie, and I also had those kinds of network adapters and SoCon 2.
I went to create a screen name, and I thought, there's a Shervenator. I like the American pie movies.
I changed the name up a little bit, and the first thing I paid the money was Spazinator.
Eventually, the name kind of stuck. I started using the screen name on all the games. It's just really a little consistent, so it kind of stuck.
I'm so glad I asked. Okay, that's cool.
What else do I want to ask you about? I don't know. Tell us one more thing that's on your mind, and then we're going to take another call.
Yeah, right at the top of the show, F.B. got off the pole with Bobby. You mentioned during your gaming week that you picked up the pinball game.
Yes.
Yeah, I actually just got there a couple days ago, and by looking at it, I figured out what table it's on, and I actually beat one of your scores so far.
Well, I haven't played it enough, so give me a little credit. I barely, barely touched the game yet.
All right, Spazinator, we're going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank you so much. Take care, okay?
All right, have a good one.
Later.
Excuse me. What's wrong? You all right over there?
I'm crying for other reasons.
Why? Did a Sim die on you or something?
No.
Okay. Did a part of your soul die?
She's playing Sims 3.
Part of my soul died just in the last...
1877 Game O.L.R., if you'd like to give us a call, or Orange Lawns Radio on Skype.
Loki, did you have some more last minute stories? Oh, never mind. We're getting another call. Let's take the call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio. Who's this?
This is Deathwishing.
Woohoo!
Hi, Deathwishing. Hey.
I'm sorry I tore apart your grammar earlier.
You got to talk loud so I can barely hear you.
Okay, I will talk loud.
Deathwishing, I don't care why you called tonight. I have a question for you.
About my name?
Yes, where does your name come from? I must know.
Counter-Strike.
Actually, I died a lot.
Why can't everybody have a story like that?
Where did your name come from? You're a mom.
Alright, fine. Since your story was so short, what did you want to call in about tonight?
My name is Deathwishing, the sex box. It's kind of stupid in a way. One, it's kind of a rip-off of Internet meme name stuff. Do we really need a porn game console?
It's not a lolcat console. It's not a Two Girls One Cup console.
It probably has a lolcat fetish, so it probably will be a lolcat console.
There's something I hadn't thought of. Would you be interested in meeting people on the Internet with a lolcat fetish, Deathwishing?
No, I have a girlfriend, so I don't mean it.
I can has fucking? Is there any lolcat cosplay is what I want to know?
I should do that. I'll just walk around in cat ears with a sign that says, I can has, and then insert random items.
It has to have been done.
Yes, it has been done.
I'm sorry.
We had someone go around as a lolcat.
Yes, your thoughts on the sex box, sir?
You guys were following PAX coverage, right?
Yeah, a little bit. We had Bobby calling in from PAX.
Well, apparently there's Street Fighter 6 they have for sale there, like limited edition for PAX only.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, the girl one.
Nice.
And, well, you gave one away for free.
Lucky.
Oh, they didn't get a thousand viewers.
Oh, yeah, I heard something like some people were streaming it live on the Internet, like all of PAX.
And they did give one away, or they didn't?
I'm not sure they might have. All I know is they gave away a lot of swag and stuff.
But they would only give it away if they got a thousand viewers, you said?
You know, they'd try to give it away anyway. I mean, the guy they heard about, they just went and bought two.
Because, I don't know, for some reason I thought for a minute about those whole, like,
we're only going to give something away when we get so many followers on Twitter or something like that.
Like, I hate those contests because obviously it's just a complete attention-horror grab, which, yeah, I understand that.
But at the same time, aren't you disrespecting the listeners you do have or the viewers or followers you do have by saying, well...
It's just a shameless promotion.
It is completely shameless.
Like, hey, you know what? We used to do Orange Laundrio for 12 people and loved it.
And so I don't understand this whole, like, we're not going to pay attention to you until we get 500.
I just think it's disrespectful to others.
I'm sorry, that was a tangent you probably weren't intending on, but you got it.
You know, I really think no one really even cared about the new track thing either.
I think someone said they posted the link to it on Chan.com and nothing happened.
I saw a user tell I was watching off to, like, from 197 to 200 and then went back down lower than before.
Maybe everybody was at PAX.
I don't know.
Death Wishing, is there a fight breaking out behind you?
Well, there's these people playing some game called, oh, well, they stopped playing Hero of New Earth, which is kind of like Dota.
And they're all playing Star Cry 2 now.
Oh, okay.
Alright, we're going to let you go Death Wishing so we can wrap up the show, but thanks for the call.
Bye bye.
Later.
I'm now shutting off the Skype line.
That's it. No more calls tonight.
Sorry to those folks that didn't get through.
Loki, did you have anything else for us before we close out shop tonight?
Yeah, real quick.
The ESRB has rated more games coming to the PlayStation Network.
These are PlayStation 1 download titles, including Blood Omen, Legacy of Kain,
Cool Borders 3, International Track and Field, Oddworld Ape's Exodus, and Oddworld Ape's Odyssey,
Pandemonium, Syphon Filter 2, and Umjammer Lammy.
Didn't some of those already come out this week?
I thought I heard some of those came out this week.
Um, well, Umjammer Lammy came out in Japan, and actually, Blood Omen and Pandemonium were rated before previously in March.
I don't think any of them actually came out this week, though.
But it's in need, I guess.
And we talked a little bit, I think, before about how Guitar Hero World Tour is going to have an option to,
or Guitar Hero 5 is going to have an option to import some tracks from Guitar Hero World Tour.
However, it's actually quite pathetic.
Only 35 of World Tour's 86 tracks are actually going to be available to import,
and it's going to cost you $3.50 to do so.
And also, Smash Hits is only going to have a few tracks to import as well.
I believe they're going to have, oh, let's see here, 21 songs from Smash Hits available to import,
with an undisclosed price on that one, and that's coming out later this fall.
But it's still pathetic, if you ask me, since Rock Band, you can import everything except for three tracks.
Well, it depends what the songs are, too. Maybe they weren't willing to pony up the money, I don't know.
Whatever.
And then finally, apparently there's new versions of Bonk, Bomberman, and I think maybe some other games coming as well.
And these were discovered on Hudson's website.
Apparently there's a Bonk update coming, a Bomberman live sequel,
and a Wii and DS version of a game called Rooms the Main Building.
And apparently the Bonk game's called Brink of Extinction.
It's coming to WiiWare, PlayStation Network, and Xbox Live.
It's going to be a 2.5D action platformer game with online co-op.
And apparently Bonk's going to have eight different transformations.
And also, it's supposed to be out spring 2010.
And I guess Bomberman Live Battle Fest coming to all three consoles as well.
And they've got new arenas, game types, and team play.
And I guess Rooms the Main Building, that's supposed to be a Wii or DS retail title.
Interesting.
And I guess now Bonk and Bomberman have been officially announced by Hudson with screenshots.
And it looks like Bonk and Bomberman.
So not much to report there.
That's it.
Alright.
Sounds awesome.
Bonk is one of those things that's a little better left in my memory, I think.
But I don't know, if they soup it up a little bit it might be cool.
It's going to be like a 3D remake of Hudson's Adventure Island and it was not very good, if I remember correctly.
Alright.
Well, let's go ahead and start to wrap up and get the hell out of here for the night.
And in order to do that we need to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
Frozen yogurt.
My final thought is, sounds amazing.
And I thought this show would be shorter tonight, but it was actually kind of long tonight.
Go figure.
Sometimes you just never know how long the show is going to go.
Loki.
So, I have a toy for my cat.
It's a laser pointer, but the thing is the laser pointer is shaped like a cat.
So does that make it a laser cat?
Possibly.
Definitely.
Because it is a cat that fires a laser, so.
At least you don't have a laser cat fetish.
And on that note, thank you guys so much for downloading and tuning into Orange Laundry Video.
We really appreciate your support.
Hey, if you like what you've heard, all we ask, tell a friend or two about the station.
Because you know what, we don't have a big magazine promoting us.
We don't have zillions of followers on Twitter.
And we're never going to have a contest that we'll only do if so many people follow us or what have you.
You know, just help us get the word out.
That's all we ask.
However you can do it.
Through an iTunes review, through anything.
And we'll try to keep it free for you guys for another seven years, all right?
Have a good night everybody.
We'll see you next week.
We will be back next week with even more of the latest and greatest in video gaming.
And of course, we're starting to get to the start of that fourth quarter where we're just going to have games after games after games.
So our reviews and yours sitting around talking smack about what we love, video games.
I'm Rob Roberts.
She's DarkSakura.
He's Loki.
We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
