Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, both Nintendo and Steam announce service changes to accommodate the changing environment that games and we gamers find ourselves in, both companies doing something that few others of their size have.
They're not the only ones in the news this week, this and more starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 689 of our show for this June the 4th of 2017, moving into our official month of the 15 year anniversary of this program.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black will show at the Voice of Geeks Network, VOGnetwork.com
and by my side, as she has been for the last 15 years, I've watched her grown up from a grown up to a growner up.
It's DarkSakura and Jamie Summers.
You're such a dork. Oh my god.
I didn't know how else to phrase that, but if you think about it, like 15 years, that's a very long time.
Some of y'all have grown up in that time.
I know, we always, well not always, but once in a while we'll get those emails from somebody that's like, I listened to you when I was 12.
I listened to you in the 8th grade and first I'm thinking, first off, you shouldn't be listening to this show in the 8th grade.
And then, oh now I'm married and have children and I'm like, oh yeah, that makes me feel like a young butt.
I'm married and still don't have children. And guess what? I'm not going to.
Hey, and guess what? I'm finally married because I'm able to. So there you go, yay.
How about that?
By the way, all of our listeners, happy Pride Month.
Yes, happy Pride Month. Also say hello over there to Techmaster Loki.
It's not always what it's cracked up to be too, the whole marriage thing.
Or the kids too.
Well, see, Alan and I don't really plan to introduce kids into the equation, besides pets. We'll be parents to cats.
Our babies are the best babies.
Exactly. But I don't know, from my perspective, married life really hasn't been that different from what it was before.
But Alan and I were together for seven years. But actually that's one thing everybody in here has in common.
Everybody was with their partner for a very long time before getting married in here.
Dan and I were together for seven years. We went to the courthouse.
Which is what Alan and I did. But you and Nellie were dating when OLR first started, right, Loki?
Yeah, so like five years.
Yeah, but that's still a long time. Most people I know kind of jump into it a year or two years.
I know, like my sister, who then got divorced a year later.
I believe in a long QA period.
Everybody's got to do what works for them. I'm not one to judge what other people want to do.
But some people get married after six months and then they're still together. So it works, whatever works for you.
I am. And also, thanks for the reminder of the whole Pride Month thing. I was well aware of it yesterday. I went to Sacramento.
Oh, did you go downtown?
We didn't go downtown. We were far away from the whole Pride thing. We went to go for my wife's birthday.
But for some reason, Pride's leaking out everywhere. So there was a guy who I assumed was dressed up like Captain Underpants.
He had a cape and underwear and was yelling at a train. So it was either a homeless man or it was the real life Captain Underpants.
There was also, there was Sacramento Pride was yesterday. I didn't go. I went like two years ago.
That was at work.
Yeah. I mean, it's just, well, A, I didn't want to go by myself. Alan had to work. And B, I'm going to be real.
It's kind of just like food trucks and vendors you see at every other fair and stuff.
I like food trucks. If this is what homosexuality is bringing to the table, by God, let's spread it everywhere.
Thank you. Thank you, Loki, for your true allyship. We support you.
Anyway, go to our chat over at live.vagadetwork.com. Let's see. Bobby is pointing out that he's getting married next March and no kids.
It's right. Him and Jennifer. He's and Jennifer and I have only been together three years. That's still, that's still quite a while.
So there's still a reasonable QA period.
Yes. It is a good incubation character. And it's also important. I approve of Jennifer, which is also a very important part of this whole equation.
Right. That, that I should be able to approve whoever Bobby's going to marry. Right. But I definitely approve of Jennifer. I think she's great.
So anyway, let's, let's get off the marriage topic and let's talk a little bit about it because it is a video game show. I want to talk about video games.
Our pal YYR is going to join us tonight. He was going to be here in studio. Wasn't able to make it here live. Plans changed.
So we're going to have him still to just check in and see what's going on with his stuff.
We're going to check in with him a little later in the show, probably towards the beginning of part B. If you don't know why YYR.
I mean, he, he, he emails the show pretty frequently and, and, and calls in here and there too.
But very important to note, he has also fully realized a couple of orange lounge radio dream games.
So, and I'm not sure. Can you still buy this on 360 or did they finally shut that down? The XNA games?
Did they finally close that close that down? Well, I don't, I don't know if it's still there and I'll have to ask him,
but bungee ferret tossing on the Xbox 360 was, was an idea that started here on the show.
Not one of the backwards compatible games that, you know, they keep putting forth.
It'd be nice to see some backwards. Billy support for bungee ferret toss.
It would be, it would be nice to ask Microsoft about that or something, but yeah.
So there's, there's that. And then on the PlayStation Vita for a very short time before they shut that down,
you were able to get a game called Pixel Poops, which he had to rename from Pixel Shits was what,
and yes, these things actually happened on our show where we were throwing around ideas out there and, and this happened.
And YYR is correcting us. You can still buy those on the Xbox indie games.
Until September.
Yep.
Not, not, I know the Vita one's long because that was only like he said when he put it out.
That's PlayStation Mobile, yeah.
Yeah, he was like, you only have like six weeks to buy it and then it's, it's gone.
So, uh, okay. So it's, so the, the window is closing.
So YYRs in chat if you want to say hi to him early, but we'll be, uh, we'll be talking to him a little later in the program.
Uh, meanwhile, we're on the Eve, essentially our next show.
The Eve three.
The Eve three. That's right.
We're spot in the middle of, uh, the, the E3 celebration next week because, uh, Bethesda's press conference is happening literally during the show next week.
We're going to have to do that whole thing where we kind of stop, do the press conference, then start again.
Um, and we'll do that next week.
But, uh, you know, this week or this E3, things are happening very early.
You know, we have EA is going on Saturday this year.
We're going all the way back to Saturday, right?
Yeah, I guess.
EA is Saturday and then Microsoft is Sunday morning.
That's a lot earlier than we're used to E3 week.
So that's going on as well.
So we'll, we'll kind of know, you know, some of the big E3 stuff by the next episode.
Granted, we'll still have to wait for Nintendo's presentation and Sony's presentation.
And I'm sure the PC gaming expo will have plenty to get excited about.
So I'm not as old in the watching that for me three times.
But anyway, I thought this would be a good time to talk about either our E3 predictions or our E3, what you'd like to see.
And I'm opening this up to our chatters as well.
Of course, again, live.vognetwork.com because we always tape live on Sunday nights.
What is it that you'd like to see at E3 or what is your prediction?
Let us know which you're kind of talking about here.
So this is, this is a thing I'm sure a lot of your podcast pals are going to be talking about this week is what are the big old predictions?
So Loki, I'm sure you've got things to say.
I mean, I'm going to be as vague as possible.
Is this a prediction or is this what you want to see?
I would like to see.
Okay.
I would just like to be excited by something or surprised by something.
Because that's really the big thing is like getting in the big shock, like, Oh my God, I wasn't expecting that.
That's amazing.
I would like that kind of moment in something, please.
That would be...
Are we talking about like, are we talking about like Sony two years ago?
I'm talking about like, yeah, anything.
I mean, just like Final Fantasy 7 Remake, Shenmue 3, Last Guardian, like...
Just like some really exciting stuff.
I mean, I don't know what it really would be at this point.
Like, like I was even going back today at some of this stuff.
Like for example, Kotaku does this thing where they kind of before E3 each year say, okay, what did they show last year?
What of those promises that they made, what did they actually follow through with?
And it's like most of the stuff that they showed at Sony's thing, it's like, this shit was sewn like last year, the year before last.
And it's not out yet.
Sony, yeah, Sony has a history of very long trajectories with the things they announced.
They're announcing things that are way out.
I mean, they finally delivered on Last Guardian and...
Well, Last Guardian and also, what was the last one that came out?
Fuck, I can't remember the name now.
Horizon Zero Dawn.
I mean, that was pretty good.
And it makes me excited about the other stuff that they have.
It's just, I don't really know what to expect.
Even like Microsoft right now, like fuck, I don't know what the hell they have in the pipeline.
Crackdown.
Crackdown, yeah, I'm expecting that.
But like, aside from that, and maybe probably another Forza game.
I mean, I don't know if they're Halo something.
I mean, I really don't know what they have coming.
Which I guess is a good thing because I'm not really expecting anything, so...
Yeah, I think Microsoft has the potential to do what you want and give you the unexpected this year.
Because we really, I mean, they are such a wild card.
Like, we don't know what fucking direction they're going to Scorpio.
Scorpio could, I mean, I say Scorpio could be anything.
Yes, we have some ideas what Scorpio is, but I mean, it's really wide open for Microsoft right now.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Honestly, like Nintendo, I have no expectations for Nintendo, and I'm sure they're going to meet those just fine.
So, I don't know.
I mean, and then the other few publishers out there.
Honestly, I would like a new Ridge Racer.
Let's just announce a new Ridge Racer.
That's what, that's my hopeful thing I'd like to see.
Because honestly, yeah, I know they did some really shit releases of Ridge Racer and that kind of franchise.
But come on, you can bring it back and just like do a really kick-ass racing year.
And I don't understand why they can't do that.
They're not incapable of doing that.
So, that's what I'd like to see.
Because we've had several console launches with no Ridge Racer, and that's a crime.
Okay.
StarSocker, I'm going to go to you.
Predictions or what you'd like to see?
My prediction is that all of the companies except for Nintendo are not going to release anything original.
Except for Nintendo, who always tries to release something original every couple of, you know,
I'd say at least a couple of things a year.
But it's all going to be more of the same shit.
Okay, hold up, hold up.
Because as much as I want to be a Nintendo as well, I have to call this out.
Because Nintendo's got a very good chance they're going to do Wii U rehashes.
That's not totally original.
We've got ARMS coming, but we already knew about that.
That's those Wii Sports boxings, I mean, you know.
I'll talk about ARMS later, but anyway.
But at any rate, it seems the only one really releasing much in the way of original games has been Nintendo.
It seems the only one really releasing much in the way of original games has been Nintendo.
You know, we have a couple of new IPs, but they're really more of the same genre.
What I'd like to see is something completely different.
I'd like to see a lot more indie developers get their items released on the big consoles.
And actually have the support that was promised instead of just lip service.
That's really it.
Okay.
For me, let's do predictions.
So, I'm going to start, I'll start with Nintendo there a little bit.
So, Nintendo, I do expect that more Wii U ports are inevitable.
I was seeing some of the stuff on other sites, and one of them had like a list of eight games.
Didn't they have like another Pikmin game coming?
They've all but confirmed a Pikmin 4 is in the works.
It's like, I get it that you like Pikmin, but dude.
I mean, honestly, on the scale of all the franchises Nintendo has, Pikmin is like...
Wait on there.
For you.
For me, yes.
What about Metroid?
Come on.
You can't say Metroid is a less popular franchise than Pikmin.
So, okay.
So, here's the thing with the Wii U ports.
Yes, they're going to happen, but there's going to be a limited number.
And there's a lot of what if factors.
I think the one that's guaranteed, for me the biggest, like if I were betting money
on this whole thing, the one I would say this will happen is Smash Brothers.
That's the one that I think is going to happen before any, assuredly compared to any of the others.
I might end up being wrong, but I think that's the one.
Mario Maker.
Mario Maker is probably number two on that list of what would most likely come over from
the Wii U.
I would say Bayonetta 2, and that's part wishful thinking, but also if there is a Bayonetta
3 in the pipeline, as there's been a lot of smoke and fire towards that that could actually
be a thing, and I think we got even a story later on in the show that kind of addresses
that, so I'll save that for then.
But if Bayonetta 3, if there is any truth to that, and that is a big reveal for somebody,
then I think Bayonetta 2 makes a lot of sense to try again on the Switch.
So those are kind of like my top three for what games, but I saw a site somewhere that
was like Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze could be, no, that's not going to be one.
Please no.
That's, no, not that one.
I mean, it's not a bad game, but it's just kind of, you know, we're moving on past that.
But although speaking of retro, I think, my heart says it's going to be a new Metroid
game, but I just, I feel like I'm leading myself into disaster with that whole thing.
It could be an original IP.
As long as it's not an Other M. Which Other M honestly looked good.
Yeah, but Team Ninja got involved with that.
That was a little different.
So I don't think it's going to be Other M. I think it would be Metroid Prime.
Again, if anything else, going to be in that type of vein.
If it's either that or it's a completely original IP because Nintendo has had success
with the original IP thing right now between Splatoon.
I'm sure ARMS is going to do very well for them.
You know, Nintendo is kind of, yes, you can say, LOL, they do Mario and Zelda all the
time, but they are starting to put their feelers out more towards doing new shit.
So maybe they're, maybe retro is going to be able to do something like that.
Then the other thing that I'm kind of like on the fence on is Virtual Console.
And some of the things that have happened this past week that we'll get into later
have made me think maybe Virtual Console is not so guaranteed right now.
But I just, I feel like this is it.
This is the year.
One of two things is going to happen.
Mother 3 is either going to finally happen or that second Densetsu collection is getting
translated, including part three.
It better.
And so, and maybe that's part my heart right there too.
But I really think I feel good that this might be the year that one of those like super
in demand, you know, games of the Super Nintendo.
I know Mother 3 was a Super Nintendo, but you know, kind of same graphic style comes
comes out finally.
So those are those are kind of where I'm at with Nintendo.
But otherwise, I expect the large part of the focus to be on Super Mario Odyssey, because
that's what they want to sell systems through the holiday.
But there there will be one other big AA AAA title this holiday.
But it could be it could be the Smash remaster could be the other thing.
But I just don't see there's not going to be more than two because Nintendo wants to
drag that out for they're not going to do eight fucking Wii U remasters in a year.
That's not happening.
They're going to drag it out to fill up 2018 and on and on and on and so forth.
So that would be that would be my thought.
Oh, and we do know Rabbids cross Mario that's happening.
So that's something we know is happening.
But that's that's also a third party game.
So this also can show that yes, which does have third party support and Mario.
They'll have a little more with that.
Let's talk about Sony for a little bit.
So the interesting thing about Sony is that, yeah, with Sony having announced all this
other stuff that they haven't really released yet.
I do kind of expect a lot of updates from Sony on projects that we've heard about,
but haven't really seen what's coming.
I expect we'll see more Death Stranding.
We'll see another trailer for that.
We'll see another update from The Last of Us 2.
God of War.
God of War.
The other was at the other that other zombie game.
I don't remember what it was now.
That other game that they showed.
They showed it twice during the conference.
Remember that they showed it once early on and then they showed it at the end.
And we were all kind of thinking this is where Red Dead Redemption 2 was supposed to be.
So I think that is going to show up instead.
Yeah, I guess Red Dead Redemption will be in one of them, I'm sure.
They'll show a trailer for it.
It's still not coming out for a long time.
It's not, but they want to get the hype with the graphics and everything.
So that's definitely showing up at Sony or Microsoft for sure.
Whoever gets that DLC exclusive or whatever bullshit that they'll try to fucking pull back.
I think there's a very good chance the Mystery Marvel project is going to have some more
information come out at E3.
The one that Square Enix is working on.
I think there's definitely the potential for that.
I think if it's true that the Final Fantasy 7 remaster has been delayed, I think you won't see it.
I think Final Fantasy 7 remaster is going to take the year off if that is still...
I'm kind of fine with that.
Yeah, me too.
I think you could get a major Kingdom Hearts 3 trailer.
They may have the balls to go Kingdom Hearts 3 and then Winter 2019.
They might. I don't know. That's a stretch.
We will talk about this again soon or we will have an announcement later.
That's a big stretch.
SSG100Matt says, I hope we find out what the game is in Death Stranding.
I think there's a very good chance it will be a gameplay thing.
We'll see though. We'll see.
No.
Yeah, let's see.
TigerClawnChat says, what if this Marvel game from Square Enix is some sort of JRPG style game?
Except it's not being developed in Japan. It's being developed here.
It's Crystal Dynamics is doing it, right?
Who did Tomb Raider. They're doing it, right?
Black Widow is a very, very bad day.
Yes, exactly. Black Widow is a very, very bad day.
You know she has a bad day. Everyone else is going to have a bad day.
Yeah, we'll see what happens with that.
Then there's Microsoft and I really don't know what direction to go with Microsoft.
There's such a wild card and obviously Scorpio and why I need one is very important.
Of course, there's going to be some game announcements and I do expect that Crackdown is finally going to be out this holiday.
If it's not, I don't know what else they've got right now.
I can't wait for that. I hope it comes out. I hope it's good.
I'm glad that they're taking the time to polish that up.
I'm still curious. Remember when that system first came out?
It was all about cloud, cloud, cloud, cloud, cloud processing, cloud, cloud this.
This is going to make this possible and so I'm curious to see if that's still the case with all this crap.
Well, I wouldn't put it past Microsoft though.
See, Microsoft on this stage has the ability to talk about more than just the Project Scorpio and the Xbox One.
They can talk a little bit about Windows 10.
We know they're really trying to shift things around with this Mixer thing.
Beam has now changed into Mixer and they're going to broadcast their event on Mixer to try to get more eyes over there.
Although, I thought I heard it's going to be on Twitch as well anyway.
I think it's on YouTube also.
Yeah, so I kind of think Microsoft also kind of knows they need to be everywhere.
I think the 4K, if you want that, is over on...
Come on, let's be honest.
Forcing someone to use your platform to watch your event is not going to really sell you on that platform.
I don't know.
I don't know. Anyway, but I'm just not sure what games they're going to come out with, which could be a really good thing.
Like I said before, if any company has the potential to kind of surprise us with we're going to pull this one out of the vault or we got the game back together,
maybe this is the Battletoads year after all this fucking time.
Maybe this is the year Battletoads is coming.
That would be surprising. I'd be down with that.
That would be a pleasant surprise, I think, for a lot of people.
That would be pretty cool.
So, sure, why not? I'm going to say Battletoads, finally, this year.
Because we just don't know what fuck all else Microsoft is going to pull out, but that could be a great surprise.
Are they going to do another Gears of War thing or something?
Ooh! I know what they could do. I know what stunt they could pull.
You ready?
Minecraft 2.
Well...
Look, I know everybody's sighing, but you sigh, but it's an inevitability.
There will be a Minecraft 2.
Yes, there will be at some point.
So, why not?
I'm just saying, wait and see.
The silence is deafening with that whole thing.
I just like, it's going to be so hard for them to do that. I mean, I don't know.
I know, I know, but they got to keep that going somehow.
I mean, Minecraft doesn't really need a lot of help and they still have the Switch and all that stuff,
but I think if they kind of drop hints or maybe a first little peek at what Minecraft 2 might be,
I think there's a serious chance.
Someday, there will be a Minecraft 2.
Microsoft did not buy that franchise to do nothing with it.
Oh, they're making tons of money off of it.
Of course they're still making money, but how much do they spend, Loki?
Two billion? Was that how much they spent on it?
Okay, they're going to do more than just this Minecraft game that they're already porting everywhere.
There's going to be another Minecraft game.
That's why they're all $30. I mean, they're making two million back.
There is that too.
YYR points out, it would be tough for a Minecraft 2 to succeed. After all, it has Minecraft 1 as competition.
Tigerclass says if Minecraft 2 happens, it'll be an Xbox One and Windows 10 exclusive.
No, it won't.
At first, it'll be a timed exclusive.
That might kill it right there though, because people, I mean...
Not the Windows 10 owner.
You're going to have to show why this is so amazing.
Yeah, you are competing against your first game, so what's going to really set this apart?
That's going to be a hard thing to sell.
Sure, they're going to try it, but I don't know.
I think it's too soon.
Alright, well, believe it or not, in seven days, we're going to have some of these answers.
So we'll see. We'll see what happens.
So yeah, E3 kicks off on Saturday with EA's press event.
What do we think Bethesda's going to do?
Again, a lot of updates. I think Fallout Side Story, like a Fallout Vegas 2 or something is what it's going to be.
It's not going to be Elder Scrolls.
Or you think Fallout 4 VR?
No.
Or is that too early?
No, it's not that it's too early. I just kind of feel like Fallout 4 has lived its life.
Better yet, here's what I want to actually go back to Sony real quick. Here's what I'd like to see more of.
PlayStation VR stuff.
Sure, sure. Me too.
Now I'm seeing... I was randomly at Target the other day and there was a ton of PlayStation VRs available.
So I was like, okay, well now they're available to buy again, so I just need to be convinced why I need one.
And then maybe I'll pick one up.
I'm not convinced and I don't think I will be.
Well yeah, but you have the whole...
It's probably a good idea if you're not really into it. I mean, I even mind that I don't use it a whole ton.
And you have the whole motion thing to consider too that, you know, is an issue.
On top of that, I've never liked VR anyway, so...
Well maybe it's just you're missing that thing that makes you want it.
It's like any peripheral. The Wii would have never sold what it sold if it wasn't for Wii Sports.
It takes that game.
Do roller coasters and stuff make you sick or is it just like first person games?
I'm okay on a roller coaster in the front seat.
So I think these would be fine because especially with the VR being such a high refresh rate, you're not going to have...
Also glasses.
The glasses can fit in it just fine.
Oh yeah, they have to consider that.
It works with the glasses.
Yeah, it works with glasses.
So I mean, I think with it being such a high refresh rate and being that it's synced to your movement and everything, it might be not as bad as you think.
Or it depends on the game really because some people, they can develop games that won't make you feel very sick at all.
Some, they just suck at it and you'll probably get queasy.
Well how did you do with the Virtual Boy?
Because the technology has become 20 years since the Virtual Boy.
The Virtual Boy made me nauseous and gave me migraines.
I mean seriously, full on ice pick headaches.
Can you imagine that though? Like the Virtual Boy 20 years ago.
I mean look at what that looks like now.
That 20 year leap.
Imagine what's going to make, what kind of technology out there is going to make what we have now look as shitty as that.
I mean can you imagine that?
Holodeck. Holodeck. It's coming.
That is just ridiculous to think about.
That's the year this show ends is when the Holodeck finally comes out.
It's like, welp, we made it. There's nothing else to say.
We always say gaming's getting one step closer to the Holodeck.
Holodeck's out. I guess that's it. We're done.
Well that's been a good run.
It's been a good run.
We're playing really whatever we want to play.
Could you imagine the video cast you could do on a Holodeck though?
Oh sure.
It doesn't matter no one would be watching it because they'd be in their Holodecks.
I mean, everybody would be in their sex-a-deck.
Anyway, YYR is asking, a few people in here have PSVR right? Did you guys try Polybius?
I haven't.
I don't have PSVR sadly.
I don't need to be mind controlled for the government.
I think this has come a long way from the legend.
It looked kind of shitty, so no thanks.
Alright, so there you go. Some predictions.
We'll find out what's really happening in a week's time. At least half of it.
We'll finally have the Microsoft questions answered.
We'll get the Bethesda questions answered in the show.
But we'll still have to wait a little longer for Sony and Nintendo.
Bobby, you are confused. The Virtual Boy was VR. It was very red.
That's true. Virtual Boy didn't move with you or any of that stuff.
It actually sat on a platform.
I think that's part of what contributed to all the headaches too.
Didn't the commercials have it walking on those legs?
Probably.
Sorry, my mouth was full of almonds.
It's been years. I don't remember the commercials very well.
I'm going to look for the commercial right now.
Alright, you do that.
Anyhow, let's talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Obviously not the Virtual Boy.
So we'll start with Dark Sakura. How was your gaming week?
Actually, I did touch our Virtual Boy.
I moved the case that it's in.
I'm sorry, I still have almonds in my mouth.
I played well.
I played my usual stuff on my phone.
I'm not really playing a lot of stuff right now, but my schedule, thankfully, yes, is changing again.
I'm hoping that now that I have her story, I want to sit and play it.
Thank you to Raginator for the gift, even though I went and bought the bundle right after.
My goal is that by the end of the month, I will have finished Danganronpa 2.
I just need to sit down and do it.
Maybe if I stream it, y'all will watch.
Who knows? You'll watch me fail.
Sometimes you just have to kind of put it out there and see who shows up.
I have to put it out.
You know what I mean.
Whatever.
All right.
That's really it.
Moving on to Loki.
I played a little bit of Overwatch.
Very little.
It's still against AI because I'm still learning characters.
So I started playing a little bit of Roadhog, which I'm having a good time with.
I'm still trying to figure out which character is going to be the best fit for me and not quite there yet.
That's why I know a lot of people are like, don't worry about not playing against AI or whatever.
Just playing against real people.
It's like if you're not playing competitive, no one gives a shit anyways.
They all suck.
I still don't want to be a detriment to my team because I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing in there.
I can shoot people in the face and that's about it.
So I've been trying to find characters that are good at that.
But yeah.
It doesn't matter.
Medium difficulty was still pretty good against the AI.
So I don't know.
I'm just kind of messing around with it right now.
And then I played a little bit more of the Totally Epic Battle Simulator.
And that's just kind of a fun time waste when you just don't really want to do anything.
I did notice though they just updated to 1.0, which means it's finally released and not in early access anymore.
Although I think it should really still be in early access because their pathfinding AI is just shit.
I had an army of thousands of people and there was a bridge.
And they just jumped into the water and killed themselves.
All like lemmings.
Same with the other team too.
None of them figured out that there was a bridge there.
It's just, we're just going to dive into the water and die.
I'm like, this is not exciting at all.
Not epic.
One bit.
And then aside from that, I've been playing still more of the stupid Office Space Idol Clicker game.
Because they do keep mixing it up.
I mean, literally updates almost every week.
And they're giving different type of gameplay in there.
And they're making it now.
They have the, well, supposed to be this daily stuff that you do to unlock more of the in-game currency.
It's really easy shit.
The problem is their timer right now is broken.
So it resets every 24 hours.
The timer that is.
Not any of the events.
So it just keeps going and going and going.
But once that's fixed though, it is pretty nice.
Because there's really, they're making it super easy to get all the in-game currency without having to spend real money for it.
Which, I'm not going to do that anyways.
But with that and all the freebies and the different events that they have going on.
It's a very nice time sink in it.
There's a little bit of strategy to playing it as well.
So it's a little bit better than some of the other Clicker games.
I don't know.
I'm just having fun with it.
So, whatever.
And then Pokemon Go.
Just because, you know, dailies.
I hit level 31 this week.
Cool.
Yay.
Alright, that it?
That's it.
Alright, my game of the week.
We won't go.
A lot of the same stuff I've been playing.
I'm still back and I was leveling my White Mage to level 60.
That way I can have all my healers at maximum level.
Because I have White Mage Scholar and Astrologian.
All at level 60 because the expansion is less than two weeks away for the early access.
So that's exciting.
So just kind of getting prepared for that.
Because I do love Misa 5 SE 14.
So if you all think I stream that a lot now.
Wait until Stormblood launches.
Because it's going to be taken over for a little while there.
At least until I get through the main story in Stormblood.
Because I probably won't end up doing any of the end game raiding or any of that stuff.
I don't usually get into that.
So once I kind of burn through the story I'll be able to go back to all the other games I enjoy as well.
Including Overwatch.
I was playing a little bit of that as well.
Let's talk about...
Oh, Mario Kart 8.
I'm still playing.
And I plan to play that tonight after OLR as well.
Because I've been promising a multiplayer stream of that for a while.
So I'm going to play that tonight.
But I do want to talk about on the Switch.
I also finally got around to playing ARMS.
Because I wasn't able to do the demo last week.
Because I just wasn't around or whatever.
But I was able to sit down during one of the times this week.
And I did finally play ARMS.
And I've got to admit, I didn't care for it.
I did not care for it.
And for me what it boiled down to was just kind of like how it controlled.
Like it just felt like I was playing a fighting game underwater.
Like it was just like the sluggishness of the...
And I feared this was kind of going to be what it was based off the trailers.
But like the sluggishness of the way the hands kind of move through the air and all this stuff.
And I just...
I don't know.
There were things I liked about it.
I liked how the lobby rooms were set up.
How you would kind of see like you're in a room with seven other people.
And all these people were going to play against each other.
And then the people that lost are going to play against each other.
And then there's going to be a team event that happens here.
Like I kind of liked how that was being executed.
But it just didn't really care for the game itself.
Like it just wasn't that interesting to me.
Like it just...
You know.
If I was a little kid I probably would have loved it.
And honestly this game stands to do very well with younger people.
Because I think it's kind of a fighting game that's not violent.
You know at all.
That kids can really get into.
And I think the pace of the game will lend itself very well for younger folks.
So I'm not... I mean the game probably will do alright.
It's just not for me.
And that's okay.
Not every game is for me.
The most interesting part about the Switch and how Nintendo is handling it.
You look at the demographics that are buying the Switch.
The vast majority are adults.
Not kids buying the Switch.
Well Loki, kids don't exactly have $400 to drive.
I understand.
But they're not the ones that own the Switch.
Yes I get it.
They're not dropping $400 for the Switch.
But they're not the ones that the Switch is being bought for.
I mean the primary user of the Switch is an adult.
Yet all the content on it seems like it's catering towards kids.
I think you seriously need to cater towards the people that are buying the console.
Like don't get me wrong.
It's not a bad thing to have content for kids on there.
But if your content is focused at this demographic that's just not really picking up the system.
That's kind of a problem.
Okay so Chad is yelling that my mic went out while I was talking about ARMS.
So for the sake of the podcasters who would have heard a very awkward skip there.
Because I'm going to cut the silence out.
Let me try to restate what I was saying a little bit about ARMS.
So I liked the lobby system and all that.
But I did not care for just how sluggish the game felt for me.
And I think it's going to be very good for kids.
Like if they're 7 years old or whatever.
And I think it's going to be a great fighting game for kids.
But I just don't think it was a great fighting game for me.
Like for me it was just.
I don't know.
I didn't really care for the way it controlled.
And I just didn't.
I didn't like the concept.
I don't know how else to put it.
Like some things just don't work.
And that's.
It didn't work for me.
Like you know the whole like.
Oh I'm going to punch and then kind of wave my arm in the air to go where it needs to go.
And it was just weird.
So I just didn't like.
I don't know why Nintendo wants it to be an e-sport thing so bad.
I just.
You know unless it's for like a junior division or something.
I just don't see a lot of professional players really picking this game up.
So.
I don't know.
Yeah.
ActDeft in chat says I thought the controls were fine but they are kind of awkward.
YYR in chat says don't forget we're all kids.
In a way but I just.
It's different.
I would just rather play Street Fighter 4.
Like here.
I've got the actual.
This is statistics straight from Nintendo.
Usage by household.
U.S. OK so this is usage.
Two percent.
Twelve and under.
Five percent.
Thirteen to fifteen.
Seven percent.
Sixteen to eighteen.
Everything else.
Is an adult.
Beyond that.
And that's.
I mean.
I get it.
That they're.
But.
There's Nintendo proxy that I know that people like that but I think that the problem is they're not targeting that demographic and I think that is why.
The Wii U kind of faltered a bit because a lot of that market wasn't being met like it wasn't like for me I mean originally was like there's not really anything driving me to that system there's not a game that.
I really really really really really want to play on it because they're focusing on a totally a demographic that's not even really touching the system.
I mean that's a good way to try to bring in more of that demographic but it doesn't seem to be working.
Interesting.
So anyway that was my time with arms.
So I'm happy Nintendo put it out there so I didn't have to drop the money on the game to figure out that I didn't like it.
But I'll just wait on Splatoon 2.
I know I'm going to dig that so I'll pick up Splatoon 2 when it's out but I'm going to pass on arms.
Maybe if Nintendo puts it on sale later on.
Haha.
But maybe in the holidays if it drops down to 20 bucks.
Maybe.
I don't know.
It depends.
I'm not into what my friends are and what kind of lasting power it has in that regard but yeah just not just not feeling it personally.
It's not it's not going to have the lasting power of like say a one two switch but I'm sure it'll do okay.
I feel like I got an email this week that was practically like pretty please buy one two switch type of thing I'm like.
No.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm sorry.
I was not that bored.
It was a misfire.
Tiger in chat says do you think arms can be an e-sports sensation.
No.
It's too fucking slow.
Maybe with a junior division with kids.
I think it would be a great thing for kids.
But that's that's about as far as I see it going.
Why.
I would rather them play Smash Brothers.
I mean why.
Kids are already playing Smash Brothers and playing it competitively.
Why do we need to fucking put out like.
Fucking hand holding bullshit the game you know fighting it like.
Fighting game for babies the game.
I don't think arms hands holds you it's just.
It's it's a slower game.
At least that was my feeling playing it.
Slower paced game.
That's all.
I just really it felt like they're trying to shoehorn.
They're trying to shoehorn a lot of their games in the bean e-sports.
You can't just fucking.
That doesn't happen.
You can't just force the game to be e-sports.
It has to be popular.
People have to want to play competitively.
You can't just make.
And then it will blow up into like you know a whole e-sport thing.
You can't just say this is e-sports.
You will accept it as e-sports.
No it's not.
Unless you're Blizzard then you can't do that.
But you can't make fetch happen.
Exactly.
Exactly.
All right.
Some housekeeping before we get into other gaming news tonight.
Next week of course E3 in two weeks.
Orange Lounge Radio turns 15 years old.
That's right.
We'll be here on what night even is that?
June 18th if I'm not mistaken.
June 18th we'll be here to celebrate 15 years of Orange Lounge Radio.
And you might ask what big thing do we have planned?
Same old thing we usually do.
I've given up on celebrating every anniversary and every multiple of 100 episodes and all this stuff.
Maybe I'm still looking into what we can do a little special for episode 700.
But for our 15th year celebration I think it's best we just do what we've been doing and keep doing that.
Maybe have a little more time to take calls and so forth so y'all can call in and say whatever you want to say about 15 years of the show.
But for that I just don't see why we wouldn't change the formula we've had for so long.
And I don't want to make it three hours about just us.
Well now it's our Patreon.
No. No.
Yeah I just don't want to make it three hours about us.
So we'll get into news and all that stuff as well. It'll be fun.
And then in three weeks our reward for turning 15 years old is a vacation.
We won't be here on June 25th.
So enjoy that week off.
I'm out of town.
Darsaka's out of town.
Loki is not a town but it's gonna have a night off so maybe he can actually play some games or write a game or I don't know.
I'm gonna go see Guardians of the Galaxy 2.
There you go.
My kid doesn't want to watch the first one.
Is it still gonna be in theaters in three weeks?
Cheap theater maybe.
Yeah maybe cheap theater.
I will find a theater that has it or I'll go see like I'm sure there's gonna be other movies out there.
Yeah there will.
But if any listener is gonna be in the San Francisco area for Pride let me know.
Yeah I guess I could say the same thing about Chicago. I wasn't really planning any sort of meet up or whatever but we'll see what's out there.
Go to support.
Yeah just have fun.
Alright let's get into some gaming news and what's been going on around the game industry this week as we ramp up to E3. Loki.
In like I really thought that this already had happened news. The PlayStation 3 has ended production in Japan.
That's right. I guess the 500 gigabyte standard model was the only remaining model available in Japan and it's stopped shipping.
So that's quite a long time. Eleven years.
I feel like the PlayStation 2 just ended a couple years ago.
Yeah I think so too. That's totally produced.
The total shelf life I feel like was a little longer for 2 than it was for 3.
But you know again obviously a lot of stuff has just moved on to PlayStation 4. I don't think PlayStation 3 really had any new titles planned for this year.
Aside from well Persona. They got Persona 5 because that was promised on PlayStation 3.
They have actually surprisingly enough they still have stuff coming out for the PlayStation 3.
Do they really?
Yeah like in fact I want to see next week.
Sports ball games?
Kids games.
Oh okay.
Like I know the Cars 3 games coming out on PlayStation 3.
Okay but those come out on every platform.
Yeah pretty much.
So and then the Final Fantasy 14 expansion is not PlayStation 3.
They are going because that was like wasn't that the last game to come out on PlayStation 2 was a Final Fantasy 11 expansion? I feel like it was.
Yes.
So the Final Fantasy 14 expansion they they and there was this big to do about it.
They are ending PlayStation 3 support in two weeks.
If you're playing Final Fantasy 14 on PlayStation 3 you can no longer play not even like you can't even play the vanilla regular game.
It's you're you're losing access to the game completely.
However Square Enix is doing a free if you buy a PlayStation 4 they'll they'll upgrade your license so that you can play Final Fantasy 14 on PlayStation 4.
They're not going to make you re-buy that game.
So that was a nice thing for them to do.
But very interesting that they are pulling because this is something they never did with Final Fantasy 11.
That they probably could have done a long time before.
But yeah so going to be very interesting.
But that could have been one of the last PlayStation 3 titles but they are not doing it.
So that's it.
Dungeon Buster 3 in chat over at live.vognetware.com says I love my PlayStation 3 even when it sounds like a leaf blower.
Yeah I mean there's still a lot to love about PlayStation 3.
I mean it's not that it's a bad console or whatever it's just you know it's life cycle is done.
Sony is more interested in moving on to PlayStation 4.
The original model you could kill a man with it.
Yes you could.
Let's see JD in chat pointing out PS2 ended in 2012.
So I guess it was a little.
Yeah it wasn't that long ago then.
Yeah considering it was what 6 or 7 years between consoles.
It's only been 4 years since they pulled.
That's what I'm saying is that that period seems shorter than the actual weight between the PlayStation 2 and the PlayStation 3 if that makes sense.
Anyway.
Let's move on and talk about some E3 things coming up including what's going to be happening with Ubisoft.
Ubisoft apparently has a new IP to reveal at E3.
They did a teaser trailer this week.
But it's of course a bunch of jokes because they redacted half the things in the trailer meaning there are surprises coming.
So yeah.
Let me guess is it going to be Just Dance 2017 or 18 whatever year that they're doing now?
Is that what it's going to be?
I think that's probably a given that there's some type of Just Dance game coming out.
But I think that's kind of not the highlight.
But what is interesting to point out I did not see an announcement that Aisha Tyler would be hosting.
So sadly it doesn't appear she's going to be doing that.
She's probably very busy though with all the stuff.
She had a movie coming out or something she was around promoting.
So yeah.
Anyway so the Ubisoft thing is coming.
We know one thing we're going to hear more about is the Mario plus Rabbid games.
Although I would have thought this was one they were going to let Nintendo reveal.
Although thanks to the leaks who knows.
But some more details about the game came out.
Some more leaks from their leaky sources within Ubisoft.
Ubisoft was apparently the one that came up with the idea and they went through the pitch process with Nintendo.
The game apparently was in the works for the Wii U at first.
But obviously the Wii U kind of ended abruptly and everything shifted over to the Switch.
So this game kind of went with that as well.
It's being made by Ubisoft Paris and Milan.
Most of it being handled in Milan such as the core creative direction.
Nintendo is overseeing it and approving ideas but they've been pretty quick to approve things.
Ubisoft is still kind of the brains behind it.
Apparently there was a Donkey Kong themed Rabbid that was one of the boss encounters at one point.
No word if that is still there or not.
So there you go.
Let's see. It says though that when this boss faints, the Princess Peach Rabbid will take a selfie with him.
After he faints.
That sounds cute I guess.
Oh my god that's so current and hilarious.
Well to be fair, D.Va has a very similar little thing in Overwatch that she does for one of her play of the game poses.
So eh, what can you do?
Anyway, there was an additional mode named Arena that was apparently in the UI.
Maybe something that would help the game kind of have an online life I suppose.
So yeah, also apparently amiibo figures being prototyped.
I know. Try to contain your shock and awe.
But these Rabbid figures will probably be out in amiibo form at some point.
The game was originally supposed to be unveiled during the January switch event.
But it got pushed back to get a little more polish.
It will be revealed at E3 and released in August or September.
That's all the latest rumors with this game.
But you know, when you've got a leak that shows you the fucking art, it's pretty hard to deny that it's happening.
Not impossible, but hard.
I mean, anyone can make a leak, we know that.
We're not gonna confirm nor deny it.
Anyone can take a leak?
This one's got a little more substance behind it than most of the pre-E3 stuff.
So it's poop?
Yes.
Moving on, DarkSagra.
Well, people have been talking a bit about the online service for the Switch from Nintendo that should launch in 2008.
The announcement...
You mean 2018?
He said 2008.
Well, it's hard to be confused when the tech is from 2008.
That's when it should have launched. I'm just kidding.
Anyway, 2018.
At any rate, they are saying that since it's gonna come out then and it will be a $20 a month charge, 1999,
they're going to leave the online competitive and cooperative multiplayer features free until then.
Just another small correction, it's 20 a year.
That's what I said annually.
You said, but your words out of your mouth said month.
It's okay, $20 a year.
Oh my god.
That's why we're here.
I should have taken you up on the coffee.
Anyway, well, they are going to have an option where you pay $3.99 a month or $7.99 for three months.
But the online service is going to have retro games to download, including Super Mario 3, Balloon Fight, Dr. Mario, some of the other items.
To play free during that time period, you will have to have a Nintendo account.
For real. An actual Nintendo account. Not a month.
In 2008.
Teen.
I was saying not a month in 2008.
I get it. I get it.
I was correct.
Yes, you were being self preferential. I get it.
Next story.
Well, no, we got to talk a little bit about this because this is a huge change, right, Loki?
There's a huge change going on here.
This whole classic game thing, certainly notable, that they're talking about that the classic game thing is an online library that you'll have access to.
So basically, it sounds, and I kind of still feel like we're reading into what they're saying, but it sounds like this is a Netflix model for the classic game library that they're going to put out there.
So it's no longer, they're no longer talking this whole one game a month or whatever.
It is, to be fair, what a lot of us have been asking for. A Netflix library for classic games.
Yeah, I've lowered those expectations quite a bit.
Okay.
I mean, I don't think it's going to be anything like that. I think it's going to be a couple games you have access to to play.
So instead of being oh so generous and giving you one game to play per month, because that's really stupid, they're giving you a few games per month to play.
And that's it. I'm hoping...
But you don't think they're going to like turn one off? Why would they turn a game off?
I don't know that. I mean, all I'm saying is I don't anticipate there being a huge library of games.
I hope there is. I mean, it'd be nice. But does this mean that there's not going to be a virtual console?
That's what I'm curious about, because now that I've heard this, I'm kind of wary on...
Well, it's not just this, but then the fact that Neo Geo games have been coming out like crazy on the Switch through the whole arcade archive thing.
So, I mean, Neo Geo was a virtual console thing before, but now there's at least 10 of those Neo Geo games available on the Switch.
So that's not falling under the virtual console banner. So I am kind of at a pause going, well, maybe virtual console is not a thing then.
This is what we're getting instead. But with this, they said there was a little something in that comment that said,
we're working on trying to get Super Nintendo games to work, but it's not going to be available right away.
So I'm paraphrasing.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'm sorry.
It's the online part. The online part is the important part.
Are you sure it's the online part?
Yes, the online part.
Because online part, I mean, they have emulators that play Super Nintendo games online that have been out since the 90s.
I mean, I just, I can't anymore. Like, you're talking about the company that made the fucking...
They designed the fucking hardware for this shit, and they can't fucking figure out how to turn a game that came out literally in the 90s
and make it play over the internet. Like, are you fucking me? Are you seriously fucking, seriously saying this,
that you can't do this shit? How fucking inept are you that you can't do this?
To be fair, it's, it's kind of still vague. I don't think we have a hard line on what exactly the games are,
how many there's going to be. I actually do kind of feel to a point, people do need to approach this with caution,
because I've seen a lot of the hot takes out there on blogs and things are like, Nintendo's going to open the vault of NES games,
and you're going to be able to play them all for 20 bucks a month.
I would love that.
No, you're not. No, you are not. You are going to be able to play a handful that Nintendo takes through a painstaking QA process,
the way that they do a virtual console games, and there will be a few a month, but I don't think they're going to, like, end date them or anything.
I think, I think when this thing opens and launches, there'll be, like, five games.
And yeah, you'll be able to play those all with your monthly, or, now I'm doing it too, your yearly subscription fee or whatever,
and then the next month there might be two more, and then the month after that, two more, kind of like Netflix,
you're going to add to it a little bit at a time, but don't expect the floodgates to be open with fucking 100 games when this thing launches.
That ain't happening.
I would say best case scenario, and this is absolute best case scenario, it's the same 30 games on the NES Classic.
Here's a weird idea. I know it's kind of crazy. Why not just, I don't know, put out that fucking library of 100 games, but hey, guess what?
Only some of them have multiplayer support right now, and as we go along, we're going to add support to more games.
Doesn't that seem fucking reasonable? Like, oh my God, like, I must be a fucking genius that can run a company like Nintendo,
because I literally came up, I literally shit out that idea right now with like no fucking forethought,
but oh, it's too fucking hard for me to put fucking networking into an old-ass game.
Fucking emulators have had this shit for years now. Their emulators are so fucking sophisticated,
you can trick your own fucking online store into thinking it's a real system so you can buy games from it.
That's ridiculous.
I think I've gone deaf in one ear.
What else is new on this show?
To be fair, there are, like, all NES games don't emulate the same. You know that.
There's different mappers that go with different NES games. Some of them are more challenging to emulate than others.
So, I get in that regard, they can't just open the floodgates, and it's, oh, every single NES game,
and plus, then you throw the whole third-party angle into it, and not every Nintendo game was made by Nintendo.
Some of the big classics are Konami, Square, Capcom, you know, they have to get them to sign on board, too.
So I would say almost the legal part probably holds shit up more than the technical part half the time.
I know, my Raspberry Pi really struggles with Contra.
But your Raspberry Pi is illegal. It's not legal. I mean, it's that whole, like, gray area sort of thing and that whole thing.
But this is the difference between what's illegal and what's legal.
So the Raspberry Pi is illegal. You can sugarcoat it however you want, but that's what it is.
The virtual console service or whatever it ends up being on the Switch is legal.
And I think half the time it's probably a legal battle that gets these games tied up, because legal shit takes a very, very, very long time.
Now, that being said, Loki, Nintendo sure did produce a lot of games on their own, especially when the NES first launched.
The entire launch library was games they made, like 15 or 20 of them.
So in that regard, I don't see a reason why Nintendo can't put a lot of their games available on the service,
but perhaps they feel there is strength in drip-feeding it a little bit instead of opening the floodgates at once.
That's surely how they've been treating their consoles' supply.
Yeah, but Loki, when they didn't do that, they got beat up over it.
That's what happened with the Wii U. The Wii U was a failure because you put all these games out at once,
and then there was nothing for an entire year, practically.
So, Loki, which way is it going to be? Is it going to be all at once, or is it going to be a drip-feed?
Because Nintendo sure can't seem to win that battle either way.
It wasn't a failure because they put out a bunch of games.
It was a failure because they didn't have third-party support for the system,
because they chose to market a system that was underpowered at the time,
and they couldn't pick up the third-party games that were running on more powerful engines that wouldn't run on that system,
despite the fact that they were saying, hey, look at this, it's more powerful than the Xbox 360.
Well, yeah, that may be true, but it's not as powerful as the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
and it can't run fucking Battlefield or Call of Duty or all that other shit.
I mean, sure, it ran Call of Duty, but eventually they stopped making it for it or all the other stuff.
So that's what killed the system, not because they put out too many fucking virtual console games.
So, but I just don't know where this leaves virtual console.
Are we now towards this? Because here's the thing, if they do put out Mother 3,
I fully expect that that's going to be a standalone thing that's not tied to any type of virtual console banner or anything.
It's just going to be, hey, Mother 3 is out now on the Switch. It's a port.
And that's it. I kind of think this whole virtual console thing may move to this Nintendo premium thing.
So I'm now less hopeful that we're getting a virtual console at E3.
I just, I mean, really, all they have to do is just put out the content and price it right, and people would buy it.
Like, look at my fucking Steam library and PlayStation library.
It's stuff I buy on an impulse because the pricing is right.
It may not be something like, oh, that looks like fun. I might play that, you know, and then I buy it.
And same with virtual console. If they price it, like, I'd say maybe like $5 at the most.
Maybe, you know, throw some stuff out there for a dollar or two, whatever.
I'd be picking up shit that I might play. I may not necessarily play, but I certainly have a large, you know, catalog of that stuff available to me.
And that's more money to them than if I'm paying them $3 a month for this quote-unquote online service that has this stuff available.
I just think there's more money for them to be made, and they just need to do it right.
And that's the problem, is they're not.
So Act F is linking me to this article over on Forbes, which, first off, almost anybody can write for that website.
So my guard is already up going on to here, but let me see if they had actually got a quote here from this.
So, okay, speaking with Famitsu, a Nintendo rep said that the classic game selection tentative name is different from the virtual console.
Meanwhile, the timeline for virtual console sale is still undecided.
So, here's the thing, though.
Okay, so Nintendo might be saying that and all.
One, plans change, because this was not supposed to be what was going to happen for the online service, so plans change.
Online service was supposed to be out this year, and it was going to be one game a month, so plans change.
In some ways, for the better, yes.
But then the other thing with the whole virtual console is, doesn't that muddy the waters a little bit?
Okay, here's what I think it's going to be. I know what it is.
Classic game selection is going to be the really old stuff. NES, Super Nintendo, if they can get it working and all that stuff.
Virtual console, when they sell you Wii games on the Wii U, they call that virtual console.
So you know what virtual console is going to be? GameCube games. On the Switch.
That's going to be virtual console. It's going to be the newer games. It's not going to be the really old stuff.
But again, that's a prediction. That's not necessarily what will happen.
But I think I can sort of see where that division is going to come into play.
Is that it's going to be like GameCube games will be virtual console.
Which could be great, because it would give people a way to experience Metroid Prime before perhaps Retro announces a new Metroid Prime game or something in that universe.
That would be exciting. But I think that could be where the division is at.
So, we'll see.
And hey, you'd have F-Zero in your console.
If they actually do it and they put F-Zero GX on the Switch, or AX, yeah GX.
If they put F-Zero GX on the Switch, fuck yeah I'm buying it, of course I am.
And you are too, if you get a Switch at some point.
Alright. Moving on. That was plenty enough on Nintendo's online service.
So let's talk about Nintendo's online service.
Fuck.
Let's do that. Because you know, it's not that ridiculous that they're putting in an online service.
Now what is ridiculous is how they're having you do chat.
And that's just a whole bunch of fun stuff.
So this came out from a picture of a new headset that's being put out there.
That's a whole Splatoon themed.
And so it kind of gives a diagram of how this would connect up with your system.
So basically, you have your headset.
It has a splitter that's shaped like a squid.
You know, cute and everything.
One half of that goes to your Nintendo Switch.
The other half goes to your phone.
So basically you're using your phone to chat.
And you're using your Nintendo Switch for game audio.
And it's all mixing together in your headset.
And so where people have trouble with this, it's just great.
I've got all these dongles now.
Imagine if you're going playing this out somewhere.
You have to carry all this shit with you in order to do that with your headset.
To which I think, I don't know why they couldn't just integrate that shit into the system.
I don't know why it has to be a separate app.
They haven't really explained why that needs to be.
I'm holding off judgement on this whole thing until Splatoon 2 is out.
And we have more information on how this works.
But honestly, Loki, with the technology, the minute we heard it was a smartphone app.
And this is the way they're going to do it.
How would this not be?
I mean, I kind of think people are blowing this way out of proportion.
Because, A, there are certainly headsets for Xbox and Playstation.
That when they're wired are very similar types of setups.
I own a fucking headset that does this exact same thing.
Because it purposely does integrate your smartphone into the whole thing.
So that you can be playing Playstation and take calls and all this stuff.
Which, I don't know why I bought that headset, but I have it.
The way they're doing this is not completely unheard of.
How else would you get two different inputs into one headset?
Yes, there's going to be a split.
Couldn't they have a wireless solution to that though?
They could have done Bluetooth integration.
That would be the way to get around this and have the smartphone do Bluetooth over to the system.
And then the system pumps all the audio through.
But maybe they are worried about that 1% CPU loss overhead or something.
I don't know what it is.
But again, this is also the schematics of one third party app solution.
I'm not sure I'm hearing.
Chat, correct me if I'm wrong.
This is not necessarily the end all be all the way it will be done 100% of the time.
But this is all we have to go on right now.
This is all we have to go on right now.
But again, I take you back to the original question.
When you were told it was a smartphone app, how the fuck else was it going to happen through one headset?
I don't know. Plans change.
How about some common sense and realize, hey, maybe we should just integrate this shit into our console.
Like all the other game consoles out there.
It's how they should have done it because it's ridiculous.
Why is it through an app?
Why is it through an app?
Show me why that has to be done through an app.
Please explain that to me.
So, couple interesting things here.
Dark Tetsuya says, wouldn't Bluetooth have interfered with the Joy-Cons?
I thought there was some limitation on the Joy-Cons because of the Bluetooth thing.
So, that could be, to be fair.
And Act Deft also points out, one thing to know about this, Nintendo isn't making it.
It's HORI that's doing this.
So, this is not...
Yeah, but HORI has to get the specifications from someone.
They're not just coming up with this shit on their own.
So, that's fine.
I will wait until Nintendo shows me what the official solution is going to be.
But I'm having a feeling it's going to be this.
And I still don't understand why it has to be that way.
To be fair, and I think this is something else we need to hear out.
I think we're all going to the direction of Nintendo's smartphone app is going to be...
That's all it's going to do is the voice chat.
But I believe the app Nintendo plans to put out is going to be more than voice chat.
It's not just the voice chat solution.
But they've had this whole talk about scheduling play sessions.
That it might be more of a, dare I say it, social network type of app for Nintendo gamers.
Which could be very interesting.
But if Nintendo didn't do this, and Nintendo said,
you know what, we're not going to do voice chat just like we didn't do on the Wii U.
How is everybody getting voice chat on the Wii U?
Through apps.
So, is this really going to be that different in that regard?
I still want to hear Nintendo's big vision on this whole thing out.
That's all I'm saying is that the app is going to be more than voice chat.
Because they've indicated as much.
So let's hear what the big story is on this.
You have a game console that runs software.
Why can't you run an app on there for that?
Why can't you integrate this into the OS?
Why does this have to be a separate device that you do this with?
It's just mind boggling stupid.
That's not Nintendo's fault, that's your fault.
It's my fault that I told them to design a console that can't fucking handle voice chat in games?
No, it's because everybody is glued to their fucking smartphones.
And the investors said, Nintendo, you need to be doing more with smartphones.
Because everybody's on Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook, Nintendo, you need a piece of that.
So if you want to blame somebody, blame all the people that said Nintendo needed to go mobile.
Because guess what, they're doing it and now you're getting mad at them.
I'm sorry.
That's like telling somebody you need to go mobile and then they're fucking retarded and make a stupid decision like this.
You know, don't get me wrong, they're making mobile games.
That's them going mobile.
Their investors didn't say, well you need the fucking shoehorn or goddamn phone in there to make it work like we want it to.
Okay, your investors are fucking retarded then.
I'm sorry, nobody that's putting money into a company is going to say, this is a great fucking idea.
Nobody.
Look at all the other hardware developers out there, all the other consoles.
Is anybody doing it that way?
No.
Why?
Because it doesn't make any fucking sense.
Because their systems are like, well maybe we should just put the fucking voice chat and shit in the console.
Because that would be easier for people instead of having to, you know, especially let's say we're going to sell this to the kids.
Okay, because Splatoon's for kids and all that stuff.
Okay, so now I've got to loan my phone to my kids so that they can voice chat over the internet and stuff like that.
Because this is the way it's got to fucking be.
And yes, I get it.
Oh, well your kids shouldn't be talking to strangers over the internet.
But that's okay because it has friend codes, you know, so you're only going to be talking to your buddy buddies and all that stuff.
It's stupid.
It is honestly stupid.
Well, let me just fire up my PlayStation app that Sony put together on the mobile device.
And let me see all these things that Sony has done on the mobile phone, yet nobody seems to be critical.
No, go ahead.
Let's hear your wonderful comeback here and I will lovely shoot it down for you.
Go right ahead. Please.
I can look at my friends list and my what's new.
Oh, I can map to another app if I want to take a look at my messages because it won't show me that in my main app.
I can apparently go on to PlayStation now, but I don't think I can actually play the games here on this app and so forth.
But where was all the hatred for this?
You know why? Because you can do that shit on the fucking console as well.
Guess what? If I didn't have that app or a phone, I'm not fucking losing features because guess what?
I can just go into the system, go up to my fucking friends list and I can send messages.
I can chat online. I can fucking play against people across the Internet.
I don't need a fucking phone and app to do that because it's integrating the goddamn system.
I got another great. I got another great word for you. Are you ready? Smart glass.
That's Microsoft's stupid shit.
And did it ever go anywhere? No.
You know why? Because all that shit's fucking integrated into the goddamn system. They just realized they needed a second screen.
It wasn't. Not the stuff that they were doing with the whole Dance Central and all this stuff that they were doing.
But anyway.
It was. That was unnecessary bullshit that they were doing with it. It was. It was just.
Let me. Let's try to bring it back to the Switch here on how unnecessary it was.
Like all the one, two Switch games that really could have been played without, you know, waggling the controllers around.
Did it really? Do we really need to have that? I mean.
They put out a lot of gimmicky shit to try to demonstrate the device.
I mean, same with Kinect. Kinect had a lot of stupid shit too.
But they realized it was a failure and they quit it.
And they didn't also use that for matchmaking, for setting up party chat.
It wasn't the exclusive way to do that.
Alright. ActDeft in chat says, I get Loki's point but at the same time I don't think Loki gets Nintendo's point either.
Well, I mean, we don't really know Nintendo's point.
We'll find out more in a little over a week.
So on that note, let's move on because we still have a long show ahead.
So I want to talk a little bit about Metroid.
Oh yes, you know, it seems like we're all anticipating that maybe Metroid could make a comeback.
But, you know, it seems like it's a long shot unfortunately. We don't know anything for sure.
But apparently.
I didn't realize this, but apparently Archie Comics, who, you know, does Archie.
But they also do other comics as well, right?
Sabrina the Teenage Witch.
Sure, Josie the Pussycats was a little Archie thing, right?
And all these other people we're seeing on Riverdale, right?
That's all the Archie universe.
That looks like a very edgy show based on the Netflix banner that they have up there.
Well, Archie also did a Mega Man comic at one point, but they pitched a Metroid comic in 2009.
So there were concepts from comic book artist Steven Butler who created some concepts in 2011.
And Butler was even paid by Archie for this.
2011, however, was right around the same time that Other M came out.
So apparently Nintendo did not jump in on this idea.
So this comic book was unfortunately never fully realized.
But you can see some of the sketches around out there floating around the internet.
I guess Steven Butler actually posted some of this on his Facebook this week.
So, bummer, because if Metroid had become part of the Archie universe, then maybe Samus could have shown up on Riverdale.
That would have been kind of awesome.
That would have been weird.
That would have been awesome.
Maybe not so much, but it's fun to imagine.
Dark Sakura.
Well, we do have something about Valve.
And I know Bobby touched on it in detail on his show, but I'm going to talk about it anyway.
Valve is getting away from Steam Greenlight.
It's kind of brought up before. What they're doing in its place is called Steam Direct.
So basically, instead of gathering support from the community to get onto Steam, all the developers have to do is pay a $100 publishing fee for the game that they can recoup after the game hits $1,000 in sales.
Basically, Greenlight has a $100 fee, but you pay it once. This is going to be per game.
And I mean, it could have been much more.
It could have been I think they had talked like up to five grand.
But now they said they were also even considering that they had it hovering around the $500 mark, but they think that it's best to keep it as low as possible.
So now for $100, people can get their game into the store.
And I think it also will just avoid... what's a good word to think about it?
It could avoid being able to put in things that may not be quite as...
Fart Simulator 2017.
Okay, that.
At the same time, $100, even if somebody that doesn't have it themselves, you know, if you're working with other people, I mean, or shoot, I mean, a Kickstarter for 100 bucks?
We need $100 to get this game on Steam.
Yeah.
Easy peasy.
Right. And I think you get the $100 back if you get like $1,000 in sales.
That's what I said.
Here's the thing. It's a tricky line because yes, I'm all for more indie developers being able to have access to this.
And you know, somebody with the next great big idea, great idea in gaming may not have the budget to be able to drop $500 or whatever to get their game on Steam.
So that's fine. I'm all for more people being able to have access to the store.
However, there's going to have to be a serious step up on Valve's part with curating what all is in the store and being able to recognize when Fart Simulator 2017 comes.
Because it's inevitable. You put this bar at $100. Anybody can sign up. Fart Simulator 2017 is coming.
It already has.
Valve, okay, then Valve needs to sandbag that shit to the bottom of the store where people aren't finding it.
Here's this.
What?
They pay their $100 per shitty game. Or per great game. The ones that are going to make the money and then get their $100 back are the good games.
In theory, I mean, unless Fart Simulator people have like a bajillion friends, I don't know. Or people go, hello Fart Simulator.
It's almost if I could just open 100 million robot accounts to upvote things or write fake tweets.
But now it's based on money. People have to purchase this content.
Oh, so in other words, okay, so they sort of do that with the ratings now. I get where you're going with that.
And they sort of do that with the ratings now. Like, they show on the ratings, like, how long have you played this? But I get where you're going with that.
Yeah, people have to actually put out the money for it instead of just saying, oh, I like this.
So now, you mean, a person can get their game out without having just the people like the concept or like the, you know, what they've seen of the game.
But the real test is going to come if the game makes money. And so if it makes money, then great. The people will get their $100 back.
If it doesn't, Steam has your $100.
I feel like the Apple, iTunes and Google Play stores are doing okay with that when it comes to the mobile world.
And of course, Fart Simulator exists on those worlds as well. Doesn't Apple have like a nominal, like you have to pay like a yearly thing to get into there?
Yeah. So they have like a nominal thing that they also have.
You have to buy a Mac to be able to upload it onto their store.
What's Google's thing?
You can get a Mac Mini for dirt cheap.
What's Google's thing?
I still have to buy one. Google's thing, you still have to pay membership as well.
Okay. So, I mean, these stores are going through similar things, but I also-
And they go through a certification process too.
I'm not as familiar with Google Play, admittedly, because I have an iPhone myself.
But I do feel like the iTunes store is really heavily curated, at least the featured stuff.
Believe me, when it comes to podcasting, it sure is, because I mean, we were a featured gaming podcast back in 2006 when they first launched it.
But I'd love to get featured there again, but I just don't see it happening because there's too many commercial people involved with podcasting to have better connections and so forth that tend to get their stuff featured.
So, anyway, I'm on a tangent of sorts, but my point is iTunes has made it work because they have heavily curated for better or for worse.
But I still feel like things like Flappy Bird, all joking aside, that game was a runaway hit and probably wasn't expected to be.
And that had nothing to do with iTunes curating it until it was already on the wave.
So, I mean, you can still have a model for success there, and I think Steam could go to something similar.
The only thing I think about the whole non-greenlight process now, granted, you know, paying $100 per game, I don't think that's going to be a barrier to entry for a lot of people.
They're not going to put up crap anyways, because they're making their money, and they're supposed to be tweaking this, but so far I'm in detail on how they're going to do that.
They make their money off of the trading cards, and the way they do that is they get a portion of every sale of those trading cards.
So they make it super easy for you to get the trading cards, and then people, you know, they put out the game for like, say, 99 cents or something like that.
People play the game, get the trading cards, sell the trading cards, make money off of it, and then in turn the publisher makes money off of it as well, and make money off the sale of the game.
And they do that ad nauseam, so that's how they make their money.
But, I don't think now that they don't...
Well, there's something Steam can do. $100 to get your game on Steam, $1,000 to get it with cards.
Well, they're still going to tweak that at some point. I'm not sure how it is going to be tweaked with the whole trading card stuff to try to curtail that, but I think right now, one of the things that I'm kind of...
I mean, I guess it's a good and a bad thing, so it's good that you don't have to get through the green light process, although it wasn't all that difficult to do that, but the stuff that's truly crap out there, though...
I mean, that's not going to have to go through the green light process, it's just going to get pooped onto the store, basically, for $100.
So, I mean, there's still going to be shit on there. It seems like almost there's less oversight regarding the whole thing.
I know that they went into details on how they were going to do that, like there's going to be ways to report if the game's broken, because there are a lot of games that are released on there that just don't work, period.
I mean, it's just not functional. So that's a big thing. At least there's a stream refund, so there's that kind of process. I don't know.
It's just going to take a whole lot of growing and more of actual people looking at it through Valve. Valve and YouTube, they want to take this whole hands-off approach with content curation.
That's just not... You can't do that. Algorithms haven't worked.
Only go so far. Alright, just a few more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
So, Twitch has played something else now. This time, they're playing the stock market. That's right. So apparently, there is an Amazon engineer, Mike Roberts.
He has put $50,000 of his savings into this app that's basically a stock market ticker. So think of how they had with the whole Twitch plays Pokemon, where people would vote on different things.
So they would be, you know, buy this stock, sell this stock in this case. So after there's been a certain five-minute time, it'll go ahead and do the action of whatever's been voted highest.
And so, you know, so far he's actually made a little bit of money to it. The game will continue until his money is down below $25,000, which I guess apparently is a FINRA regulation.
So if he's below that amount, then it's basically over. But that's kind of crazy to put that amount of money on the line for people to just play Twitch.
Look at all this press coverage. It's got him.
Yeah, he's got a lot of press coverage. There's a lot of people really enthusiastic about it. And he's kind of making money right now. So, cool.
Cool. Have you checked? I have to admit, I have not checked this out whatsoever.
I haven't checked it out yet, but if you are interested to take a look at it, it's at twitch.tv slash stock stream. So go take a look and see where he's at.
In fact, I'm just kind of taking a peek right now to see how much money...
How they made money.
How much money has he made? Let's see. Well, the market's closed right now.
Right. Of course.
Most recent video. Let's see where he's at. He's up $700,000. He's $700. So $764.91. Not bad.
Not bad.
Yeah, I mean, that was up a percent, looks like.
But the stock market's also been doing well in general. Didn't they hit another record on Thursday or something like that?
And that was at the beginning. So let me try to see what did I see at the end here. $765.47. Not bad.
Alright. Good job Twitch.
Apparently this is doing pretty well.
Maybe I need to put some money up. No, just kidding. I'm not going to.
Alright. Something that you can invest in, as I'm sure is a series a lot of people invested themselves in, is Life is Strange.
Of course, this game, they practically were giving it away at some point. At least the episode one. You know, they wanted more people to play it.
I have to admit, I never got around to playing the series. It's still kind of on my list to do. But I haven't really heard a bad thing about it.
Pretty much everybody I know that's taken the time to play Life is Strange really, really enjoyed it and the story.
In fact, most of the tweets I've seen about it were things along the line of, that game fucked me up. Those sorts of things.
So I'm sure some people will be very pleased to hear that a prequel to the game Life is Strange is apparently in the works.
Alright, so we have some screenshots have popped up. A French website called GameCult found an image there at Deck9 Games' website.
And it has since disappeared. So, hmm. This could be something that we're maybe hearing more about at E3.
So, of course the leak made its way to NeoGaf. And yeah, apparently somebody over on NeoGaf said that Deck9 has actually been developing the game for some time.
It's going to be exploring the relationship between two of the characters in the game.
That might be spoilery for me to say. So, that's going to explore that a little bit in the prequel there.
So, yeah. If you didn't know, if you've never heard of Deck9, they were called Idle Minds.
And they have rebranded themselves and they're doing narrative driven titles.
So, we'll see what happens at E3 because that would be a great time to announce it.
And could also explain why you had an image floating out there on a website that you didn't really have linked to yet.
I guess this whole thing was found in an imager thing somewhere. So, that's how they did it.
Anyway, let's go back to Stranger Times in the segment that we call the Classic Game of the Week.
And every week Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
Hey, you should check this out. Stop playing your narrative driven story games.
Back in my day, games didn't talk to you. You talked to them and screamed obscenities at them just like Loki does on this program.
A game that's taken me about 20 years to get over.
What is your Classic Game of the Week, Dark Sakura?
Fucking Time Crisis.
It is kind of narrative driven.
Is that the legal name of the game?
Yes, it's Fucking Time Crisis.
The reason I say that is I worked at an Amco arcade that had Time Crisis right across from the ticket counter.
And I had this damn intro memorized.
Your father will pay the price for destroying the imperial rule.
Whatever.
It almost pissed me off as much as Daytona.
Anyway, Time Crisis is a first person on the rails light gun shooter game.
It was put out by Namco and it was released in arcades in 1995.
Because this was a Namco arcade game, it came out in the Namco arcades first.
Along with Tekken 3 at the same time. Just saying.
Anyway, it later got ported to Playstation consoles.
Which we also had this and the gun had this pedal that you'd step on for doing the dodging.
Or if you were too cheap and didn't have a pedal like I did, you can use a controller.
Okay, wait, wait, wait. I have a very important question. Sorry, Dark Sakura. I know you're in the middle of this whole thing.
How is this important?
No, no, no, no. How did this happen?
I'm looking at our Twitter right now. How did the classic game of the week get posted 11 minutes ago?
And I'm like, how does everybody in chat know what the game is already?
Because Rama did it too soon.
Did you tell Rama to post this?
I did because he wouldn't be here listening tonight.
I didn't tell him to post it early.
Spoiler alert.
I didn't tell him to post it early.
Because I'm like, how, how can, and then like somebody even replied.
I get a notice on my phone that somebody put don't come.
And I'm like, how did they fucking know what the game is already?
Don't come.
How did they know what the game is already?
This is the biggest controversy to happen at OLR all year.
Rama and I are going to have a talk.
The classic game was ruined.
Spoiled.
It's already a bad game. Well, not really bad, but Rama and I, we're going to have a talk.
In fact, I'm about to email him in a moment after this and be like, bitch, actually, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
I have my phone right now.
And hold on.
We're going to send out these guys to Rama's house.
Starting a new message.
Going in chat.
Let's see.
Dungeon Buster in chat says time crisis announcement announced before it's time.
Black Wolf says change it to Halo.
YYR says nothing can ruin time crisis.
JD says time travel crisis.
And Orange Right says 11 minutes early crisis.
I think he just guessed.
Like, oh, surely, surely they didn't get on any topics tonight that had Loki on 20 minute tangents.
Surely that didn't happen tonight.
Now is about the right time to make a post to Tumblr.
I said, WTF, did you post classic game before I even did the segment?
I'm not, I'm acting all mad there.
I'm not mad.
I'm just kidding.
I'm not, I'm not mad at anything Nintendo and everybody's not going to notice.
I, I'm not mad either.
There's one of those things that's funny.
And I was just confused.
I was like, how does everybody fucking know this already before I even knew it?
Well, okay.
I did know early, but it's like, how did everybody know this already?
Anyhow.
Come, come on.
Your disco needs you.
And Chad says, Rama, your premature posting did not leave us impressed.
Now sashay away.
LOL.
I'm not mad, but don't do it again.
You have to put an emoji.
All right.
Look.
Okay.
Enough texting.
Tell us more about time crisis.
Texting you live.
Hi Rama.
All right.
I love you.
Anyway, time crisis, all the time crisis games revolve around threats to a particular nation.
We are going with the first one.
So basically you are part of a group called VSSC, Vital Situation Swift Elimination, a
covert organization.
And they send their highly skilled agents with bad voice acting to solve the problem.
Anyway, you have three stages with four areas in the first game.
And, um, you basically just have to go around shooting shit and, you know, not shooting
the innocent people and fighting bosses and big, you know, helicopters and a guy called
mad dog.
But this was a game that also, one of the games that gave us gun cons.
Yay.
Gun cons.
I love specialty controllers like probably more than I should.
So anyway, um, with the game, you know, you also have a time limit to be able to continue
because of course they want to make money.
You don't just get infinite time.
Um, and it also has a cover system, which is one of the first games to do that.
Um, you would tap on a pedal and you go behind cover and, um, it would protect you, but you
couldn't shoot.
You'd also, as I recall, I think you also went, um, into cover to reload your gun.
And, uh, basically, um, you'd have to clear the levels and keep going.
I mean, basically there's a freaking gun game.
Um, you, uh, you also, um, would have, um, you could get shot at, but your, the hits
wouldn't be announced.
They were called unannounced.
So that, so that people wouldn't know that they had been hit and so they would lose lives.
Um, kind of, I'd say a cheap move.
The whole point of it was to, uh, um, you know, make you spend more money to get through
the damn game.
But, um, the first game had Richard Miller as your main character.
And he also showed up again in Time Crisis Project Titan, also called the One Man Army.
Um, he was also in Namco High.
So I think that was funny.
I never played his thing in Namco High.
It just, um, anyway, you had other characters, you know, you had the president's daughter,
Rachel McPherson and Wild Dog again.
I can't help but laugh because last night I was picking the story and we're watching
the thing.
And then, um, Dan, uh, was like, Wild Dog.
And I was like, okay.
And then it came up on the screen.
I was like, yeah, Wild Dog.
So anyway, um, the, the game itself is, it's fun.
You know, it's Time Crisis.
Um, and it spawned many, many sequels.
I think up to Time Crisis 5 is what we're on now.
And there was, uh, a spinoff, um, from the first Time Crisis that was Time Crisis, uh,
Project Titan.
And it's been, it's just Time Crisis.
Fucking annoying ass game.
Now YYR is, uh, is, um, heaping lots of praise on this game.
And a lot of it has to do with the graphics.
You know, that this in the arcade anyway was a 60 frames a second.
Like it was a very, very, uh, technologically superior game for 1995.
And I think, you know, probably part of why this franchise is still going today.
And many of your local movie theaters probably have Time Crisis 4 or something.
I'm just annoyed by it.
I'm so annoyed by Time Crisis.
And I thought I was over it.
I really did.
Okay.
It's like, you know how, like, for example, people who worked in fast food,
maybe traumatized by a fryer.
Maybe.
Or maybe looking at like the potato cutting machine at, you know, in and out.
Oh my God, I can't eat fries that way ever again.
I took my, my pal who used to work at Starbucks.
I took her to Starbucks because I wanted to drink.
And she was like, I'm going to have a panic attack right here because everything's so disorganized.
I know who you're talking about.
Right?
I've seen it happen.
Um, but that's how I am about two games in particular.
This fucking bitch here.
And Daytona.
Wild Dog.
Well YYR says this is one of my favorite games of all time.
I love this game.
And SG100Matt says YYR can beat it on one credit.
That's pretty impressive.
Because considering how designed this game was to not let you beat it on one credit.
You know what games should traumatize me?
Huh?
Prop Cycle.
No, I'm kidding.
Okay.
Okay.
My, the arcade that I worked at.
There it is.
Your classic.
Give me the week.
Time Crisis.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Do not do this to me because I need, I need.
No, no, no.
I'm letting you vent about Prop Cycle, but we've moved on to another game.
Clearly.
When you came into my arcade, it was like one of those long narrow stores in the mall.
The right side was the ticket counter.
The left side in this order.
Prop Cycle.
Time Crisis.
Daytona.
Some pinball.
The party area.
Right in the middle of it.
Tekken 3.
Right across from it.
Street Fighter Alpha 2.
I still have that layout memorized.
Oh yeah.
And the other, the crane games.
What was the other game that they rigged to run with Prop Cycle?
It was hilarious.
Addams Family.
Addams Family.
Addams Family pinball.
That's it.
How would, how would that even work?
Why not?
It basically powers the table.
That doesn't sound like very much fun.
It's a good workout though.
I don't know why someone would ruin an Addams Family with that.
That's just what baffles me.
Prop Cycle was awesome.
All right.
Uh, that's going to do it for the first half of our show.
Don't go anywhere.
There's plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
We have more news for you and our buddy YYR is going to be joining us right after a quick break.
So don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, June the 4th of 2017, episode
number 689 already in progress.
Myself, Rob Roberts with you in studio and of course joined by my side as always, Dark
Sakura or Jamie Summers and Tech Master Loki.
And we've been having quite the spirited discussion tonight on E3 shenanigans and what could be
coming up next week and some of the rumors coming out of Nintendo.
But for now, I want to go to our Skype line and say hello to an old friend of the show
who's sitting there on the line waiting for us.
Welcome back everybody to the program.
YYR is here.
Hello.
There's been a kidnapping.
It's Rachel, the daughter of the...
Wait, we're still talking about time crisis, right?
No, no.
Sadly, sadly, that was in the last part of the show there.
So you just missed it, buddy.
You just missed it.
But I want to talk about some of the games you make.
What's been new with you, my friend, in the game development world?
Oh, man.
Well, it's been a busy weekend.
I've been basically feverishly working on a variety of things ahead of the show because
what I want to talk about tonight is basically what I'm going to be focusing on for this
summer and this year and what I'm going to be showing at the Too Many Games convention
in Oaks, Pennsylvania coming up later this month.
Too many games, too many games.
Too many games.
Too many games.
Please tell me they've adapted that as their theme song.
No, I don't think they actually have a theme song.
Ugh, they need one.
But it's funny.
The name of the convention is actually something of a misnomer because although their arcade
section has grown considerably thanks to the efforts of many, there aren't a whole lot
of console games there anymore.
It's mostly just the arcade and the indies.
Huh.
Interesting.
And of course, you can never have Too Many Games, but that's beside the point entirely.
Correct.
But I just want to throw in before we go any further, happy pre-15, you know.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
You know, you've helped a lot of our dreams come true over these 15 years, so this is
definitely a celebration that we share with many folks out there and you're a part of
that all here at OLR, so a happy 15 to you as well.
Oh, I'm a little past that, but actually, 2018 will mark the 10 year anniversary of
YYR Games, so there's that.
Oh wow, okay, cool.
Was Snake 360, was that your first game in 2008?
Yes.
Oh wow, okay, gosh.
That was my first modern published game, yes.
Wow, alright, alright, cool.
So you mentioned you're working on something right this moment that you're getting ready
to show at Too Many Games.
Is that something I can prod you on or is that all still a secret?
Oh no, no, I'm actually announcing it here.
I mean, basically I put the page up on the website on Friday and I just uploaded the
screenshots now.
I'm going to go ahead and stick a video link in chat.
I know that makes for great radio, but basically if you want to go ahead and take a quick look
at that.
Alright, let's do it.
Basically what, the thing that I'm releasing first, in fact this is going to be coming
out probably in the next one to two weeks, is something I call Falling Plus.
Falling was my love letter to 80s, like early to mid 80s single screen action puzzle games.
Think things like, you know, Mr. Do and Qbert, you know, that kind of thing.
Yeah, I kind of thought that, I remember when you released Falling on XNA, the 360 thing,
I kind of thought it was a little bit underappreciated, actually.
Well, to be honest, I think there are probably more people that listen to OLR than bought
the game.
Which means not many.
But I felt that the game deserved another chance, so I went and I sharpened the graphics
and I fixed a couple of bugs, one of which was pretty embarrassing.
I'll be posting a video about that in the coming days.
I fixed a couple of glitches, I added a couple of bonus modes.
Basically, you know, for those that missed it the first time, it's a game where basically
you play the part of Peppy the penguin and you're in your igloo, you're just hanging
out, and all of a sudden blocks of ice start falling from the ceiling and Wally the walrus
is breaking in too.
You have to throw or kick blocks into each other of the same color.
And you have to do this while avoiding or crushing Wally before he causes even more
trouble.
And yeah, it's a relatively simple concept and I hope more people will enjoy it the second
time around.
I'm going to be posting it on itch.io and I'm planning to release it for both PC and
Mac, which is pretty cool because I've never released anything on Mac before.
Fun.
So if you can hear some of the noises in the background, it's a very kind of ambient noise
because the YouTube we've got here is like the attract mode going on on the page.
But it's kind of like, to me it looks like, what's that old, old, old, old game?
Pingo?
Is that the name of it?
Where you had the little penguin that pushed the ice blocks together?
Okay, so it's like...
They play popcorn.
Yes, they play popcorn.
It's like that meets, I don't know, maybe like Puyo Puyo?
Kind of?
A little bit?
Like I know...
Maybe kind of a little bit, yeah.
Yeah, this might kind of pain you to hear all these comparisons and so forth.
But one of my favorite games of all time is Pingo.
So you know what?
I think it's...
Ah.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, it's...
Oh, and by the way, all those sound effects were created on a Commodore 64 if you were
wondering.
Yes.
Perfect.
So awesome.
Congrats on that.
That'll be...
I'm glad you're giving that game a second chance.
Let us know when it hits the store so we can link people.
Yeah, I'll be tweeting about it, most likely.
Oh, and MonoGame, which is the open source replacement for XNA, it made this really super
simple.
I ported it to MonoGame on Friday, and I ported it to Mac on Saturday.
Like, it was literally just a one-day thing, and most of that was installing stuff.
That's awesome.
That's a lot of stuff.
So, I'm looking forward to releasing my first game on Mac, and I believe my planned price
is $1.49.
So, even if your diet consists of ramen noodles, you might be able to afford it.
That's a great price for a clearly 80s classic infused arcade game that you can totally imagine
at an arcade back in the day.
Just not an arcade game that drove Jamie Bonkers.
This would be one of the games she might have actually played.
Well, we can only hope.
Mayhap.
Mayhap.
And it'll run on her Mac.
And it'll run on her Mac.
But no Linux version?
I mean, because I was thinking Penguin, you know.
You know, it's funny.
I figured Jamie would give me shit if I didn't have a Mac version, but I did not expect you
to give me shit for not having a Linux version.
I mean, I don't care.
I associate Penguins with Linux.
We here at OLR are obliged to give you shit, no matter how many of our dreams you make
come true.
No, I don't want to give him shit, because then that just opens in for shit, well, what
games have you released?
I wanted to run on an Atari 800.
Look, don't listen to them.
I think it's great that you're getting this out there, and hopefully people will check
it out.
Brandon, I will say this much, and if there was anyone listening who was hoping for a
Linux version, really the reason that I'm not producing one is because I have nothing
to test it on.
You know what?
I won't release something I haven't tested.
Pull the fucking Capcom card and say, you know, if this one sells well, I'll think about
doing it on Linux.
Although, let me make a suggestion.
If you do want to try an easy-to-use build of Linux, install Linux Mint on a flash drive.
Oh.
And then, because you can make, there's an application called Unet Booten that, if you
download Linux Mint, you can use that to put a bootable version of Linux on a flash drive.
I've met a couple of people who have survived hard drive failures using that before they
could afford new computers.
Interesting.
All right, good to know.
A little Linux tip from Jamie.
I took it down, thank you.
So, I have to bug you a little bit about some of your other games, because you know I'm
curious about multitasking and how that's coming along.
Well, falling plus is the appetizer, really.
Super multitasking is the main course.
Ah.
So, it will now actually be called super multitasking, because, well, you know, first you have to
do the original, then super, then ultra.
Right.
So, I mean, obviously.
Obviously.
And I'm going to go ahead and link another video in chat now.
Basically, I mean, this is not a trailer yet, but, and I hope to have a trailer soon, but
this is going to show you some of the improved graphics.
If you're going to run that live, don't do so for more than a minute, because I'm talking
at the end.
So, basically what you're getting with super multitasking over the original is vastly improved
graphics.
I sat down with Amy, and we went through every game, and she, being an artist, she looked
at it, and she said, well, okay, this sucks, and that sucks, and that sucks.
And at first I gave her a big frowny face, but then I listened to her suggestions, and
as a result, it looks a lot better.
Oh my god, I see some of the new things you put in here, too.
You have a flappy bird thing in here.
I don't remember that from before.
Oh, that's one of the new minigames.
I went from 13 to 17 minigames.
Five of those are new.
I actually cut one of the original ones, and they're in total, because some of the games
are different when they're running in different slots, there are 27 possible different games
total that you can be playing, keeping that in mind.
Again, for those of you that missed it the first time, multitasking is a game where you
have to play up to four continuously shuffling minigames at the same time using every part
of your controller.
This looks awesome.
It's so simple, but it's so complicated.
Oh my god, some of these new games you've put in there are something else.
The spike ball is evil, because you have to actually dodge in all four directions rather
than just left or right or up and down, so it's very difficult.
Wow, you have a throwback to one of your old games in here, too.
The shooting gallery game shows up in here.
You reused your assets, that's great.
Hey, I can't sue myself, so why not?
So basically, again, I know game designers hate to hear their stuff compared to other things,
but the best way I can describe it is that it's like, imagine you have four Game Boy
advances all playing WarioWare at the same time.
I have been told it's WarioWare on crack.
That is an actual line that I had from someone who played it at a convention.
But that's appropriate, and it's not, I mean, WarioWare is a freaking great game.
And to be fair, one we haven't seen from Nintendo in a while, either.
That's another game.
I should have put that on my predictions, actually.
That would be a great one to see show up again at E3.
But anyway, hopefully you beat them to it with multitasking.
Well, you know what, if they continue WarioWare, and they should,
I would hope that they would continue it in the way that they've been doing
and focus on what they do well.
But I'll run with this ball and take it a little bit further.
And speaking of taking it further, so the challenge mode,
I don't know if you guys remember the challenge mode.
So there's the standard mode where you just last as long as possible
and it progressively gets more and more difficult.
But also there's a challenge mode where you have scripted challenges
where it's the same every time, and it's specific setups that were
basically designed to infuriate you.
Yay!
That's been expanded from 30 to 42 challenges, 12 all new,
and a few subtle changes made to the existing ones.
And the last five of them I'm probably creating over the next few days,
but they're already planned.
And then, and hopefully the streamers are going to love this one,
I've added a mode called Challenge Speedrun, which is basically
it tasks you with completing the entire challenge mode in one sitting,
complete with a little count-up timer in the lower right corner,
and it does the speedrun work for you.
Interesting. I'm glad you kind of developed it with that in mind.
Yeah, and this is basically, I want to see people post times
that are just unfathomable on this.
Be careful what you wish for.
Somebody's going to figure out how to break your game,
because that's how speedrunners do it.
They're going to break the damn game to get it done.
Hey, that's good. That's good.
Please break my game so I can fix it.
Alright, so you know what question I've got to prod you with.
Do we have a release date yet, or what?
I'm planning this summer, alright?
Probably late summer.
I'm feverishly working.
My to-do list is down to one page.
Basically what I'm going to be adding in the next week or two,
because I need this ahead of the convention,
is when you lose, it's not just going to put a big old game over in your face,
but it's actually going to give you tips,
either depending on how far you got,
how to play the minigame that you failed,
or if you got further, how to better multitask the game that you failed.
I want people to understand that, yes, it's hard,
but I want to encourage them to keep trying and to do better.
Well, I look forward to playing this myself
and being able to stream this game at some point this summer.
You know what's funny? I don't remember if I brought this up before.
There was a game on Xbox indie games I played that had you do multitasking.
I don't remember what it was called.
It was where you had to play a space shooter game,
and you had to listen to your girlfriend talk to you,
and you had to repeat back what she was saying.
That was the funniest part about it.
Then you get a quiz.
Yeah, you do get a quiz.
She's talking to you, and you're trying to play the shmup,
and then you're like, okay, what did I just say?
It's like, uh...
That's pretty awesome. That's a good idea for a game. I like that.
If anyone can remember what that's called,
I feel like I need to check that out.
I don't remember. It's like some weird distraction.
Super nag.
It may have been something like that.
Ridiculous, yeah.
One more thing I'll throw in about super multitasking.
I plan to take full advantage of the Steam support.
I haven't actually done any of this yet, but I've planned it.
I want to go full bore.
Steam cloud saves, leaderboards for every possible difficulty combination
in bonus mode and the challenge speed run,
a full set of achievements that reward experimentation as well as achievement,
and a set of Steam trading cards depicting all of the different ways
that Mr. Multitasking can die.
It sounds like a lofty project, and I wish you luck, my friend.
I've been begging you to finish this game for a while,
and of course I know you have your own life to live,
and you don't make all your money off these games,
but I'm really excited for it.
It's a labor of love.
It's priced that way, too.
I'm looking at probably somewhere in the $3 to $5 range.
That's honestly a steal.
And also, because these games live and die by word of mouth,
I don't know if this is possible.
I'm going to ask Valve if I can't find anything about it,
but what I'm hoping for is that I can do this.
For the first few weeks of release, I'm planning when you buy the game,
you will get a second giftable copy of it for free,
and then you're encouraged to give that to your friends, to your enemies,
your favorite streamer, anybody.
I've seen them do those two packs before for other games,
so it's got to be possible.
You may have to price a two-pack at $5 or something
or make it super-attractable type of price.
I'd price it the same as the single and then just offer it for a limited time.
Exactly.
I think that's what they did with stuff that, again,
really encourages the multiplayer stuff, like Gauntlet or something.
There was something I bought four copies of,
and I gave it to a bunch of people I knew.
Gauntlet, maybe? They had Gauntlet.
It might have been Gauntlet or something.
I thought it was Terraria.
It was Terraria. Thank you. You're right.
It was Terraria because they were selling the four-pack super-cheap,
and I think I gave you one, I gave Shane one,
so they gave a bunch of people Terraria at one point, yeah.
And, yeah.
Well, congratulations in advance.
I'm really looking forward to seeing you super multitasking,
and I know you're going to have a bunch of fun at the conventions and so forth.
So, falling plus on itch.io is going to be first in the next few weeks, right?
Yes. Basically, I want to be able to sell that at the convention
because due to the nature of Xbox Live Indie games,
the fact that you can't generate extra keys,
basically you can't sell it outside of Xbox.com or the console itself.
Basically, for the first time, I want there to be something
that I can actually sell at the convention.
Nice.
So, that's why I would be trying to release it over the next couple of weeks,
and then super multitasking right behind.
Well, if I maybe bat my eyelashes and wink enough,
maybe you'll hook me up and I can do a stream of that after OLR,
like the Sunday before it's out or something, a little sneak peek.
You know what? If I have that capability, you definitely will have it.
Thank you. I really appreciate that. That'll be awesome.
All right. Well, YYR, I do have to get back to the rest of what we're doing on our show,
but I got asked if there's anything else you want to mention
about what's going on in your world or anything with the gaming
or what types of games you've been playing or anything?
Nah. Well, I haven't been playing much, but we found BoxBoy on 3DS recently,
and it's great if you're still on your 3DS. I definitely recommend it.
Didn't they just do the third in that series that just came out?
Yeah, and they released a demo, which is a really good sampling of the series,
so I would definitely recommend that.
On mobile, I'm also playing a game called CATS, C-A-T-S.
I think it stands for Crash Arena Turbo Stars. It's by Zeptolab.
I was like, did you really just have to tell us how to spell CATS?
Okay, I get it. It's like an acronym.
Yeah, it's an acronym, not the name.
And basically, it's BattleBots.
It's basically BattleBots, and you create your own bot,
and you put it up against other players' bots.
And the fights all happen within three seconds.
Yeah, it's a fun time waster.
Oh yes, I have seen that. I saw a little trailer of that.
It was one of the ads I had the watch or whatever in my little clicker game thing,
but it looked pretty fun.
It is pretty fun, and it's not a game that you're going to have to spend any money on.
That's good.
It's really just to speed up things that are inconsequential.
Otherwise, it's just something you'll go back to a few times a day and have a little fun with.
I definitely recommend that.
Alright, I definitely need something to replace that fucking Magikarp game,
so I'm going to check that out right now,
because anything that gets me away from fucking Magikarp,
even though I just finally, finally on my 18th generation,
caught a gold one.
Yay!
I haven't played it yet.
Stay away. You'll thank me later.
Anyway.
Yeah, I'll just mention one other thing.
I know I'm very busy, obviously,
but I would like to...
because everyone at work, everyone I talk to,
and every time I do some sort of crazy voice,
they say,
Oh, are you doing any voiceovers?
Do you do any voiceovers?
Do you do any voice acting?
People keep asking me this, and well,
I figured maybe I'll dip my toes in that pool a little bit.
So, coming soon,
cheapvoiceacting.com.
This is a venture that you're going into here
to do voice acting on the side?
Yeah, just on the side.
I'm not going to intend to replace any professional voice actor,
or, you know, whatever,
but I figure if there's an indie developer
who doesn't have, you know, a $20,000 budget,
and wants a little voice acting in their game,
they can send 50 bucks my way,
and I can send them back some speech, that kind of thing.
I feel like that's a business venture I should get in on too,
because that's something I could do on the side too,
so maybe if...
Just be careful dealing with the voice actors guild.
This would be...
It sounds like the way YYR is putting it,
it'd be for indie developers,
it's not going to be for something like EA.
I would be very forthcoming in saying,
this is not a replacement for a professional voice actor.
This is if you can't afford those things,
and just want to, you know,
get by with what I've got.
Indie focused, very different.
Exactly.
You know, I'm not going to pretend to be a professional.
Also, it's not going to be a very fast turnaround either, so...
Alright.
And if anybody happens to be in the Philadelphia area,
Too Many Games is June 23rd through 25th.
It's $50 for the whole weekend,
and if you manage to beat my challenge speedrun in an hour,
I'll give you 100 bucks.
Wow.
How else am I going to get people to test the challenge mode?
You better make sure it's a one-time only thing,
just because you might get some crazy people to figure out how to crack the code,
and then you're paying out a lot of money, so...
One try per day, that'll be the only restriction.
There you go, awesome.
Alright, YYR, best of luck to you,
and we'll let everybody know when Falling Plus comes out,
and then Super Multitasking after that.
Thanks very much for having me on,
and hey, keep doing what you're doing.
Sounds good, will do.
You do the same.
I plan to.
Take care, guys.
Take care, my friend.
Yep, buh-bye.
Alright, always good to catch up with YYR,
and the man who's made many OLR dreams come alive,
and crushed a few, too.
No, I'm just kidding.
Mostly the good stuff.
Mostly the good stuff.
Anyway, we're going to take your calls a little later on in the show,
over at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype,
but first, we've got some more news we've got to get through.
We've got to get to emails and all that good stuff,
so we're going to start with some rapid-fire news going to Loki.
Alright, so Overwatch is getting some updates soon.
They're going to be doing some balancing with McCree Reaper and Roadhog.
So with McCree, they're going to be tweaking basically his Deadeye Ultimate,
dropping the lock-on time to 0.2 seconds instead of 0.8.
Also, they're going to be increasing the damage from 20 to 80 over the first second.
For Roadhog, they're going to be reducing the size of the hitbox of his head,
and they're also going to be dropping the damage of his gun by 33%,
but his rate of fire is going to increase by 30%.
Mainly they're saying that's to stop his hook-scrap-gun combo,
which I did find that's pretty strong.
I killed a lot of things that way.
And then, of course, they're saying also that they're going to be adding the Oni Genji
and Officer D.Va legendary skins.
They were originally exclusive to the Heroes of the Storm boxes that they had,
but now those are going to be introduced to the standard loot boxes,
so you can get those if you missed out on them during that event.
Yeah.
And then, of course, they were also showing off the Horizon Lunar Collie assault map,
which is going to be a new map that's hitting test servers as well.
And then, of course, LEGO Dimensions is still going incredibly strong.
They have some new properties that are going to be coming in September.
So on September 12th, you can see new sets based off the Powerpuff Girls,
Teen Titans Go! and Beetlejuice.
Ooh, Beetlejuice.
A LEGO Beetlejuice looks pretty cool.
Don't say it again.
LEGO Beetlejuice.
Ah, no, he's summoned.
So it's pretty awesome.
So the Teen Titans Go! stuff, I'm not sure who these characters are.
I mean, it looks kind of neat.
And then, of course, the Powerpuff Girls and the Beetlejuice one is pretty cool.
They've got Beetlejuice and a sand worm, so those are pretty cool.
I kind of want that.
But, yeah, September 12th.
I kind of want to get LEGO Dimensions, but, dude, it's that fucking LEGO price point, man.
That is so expensive for those things.
Otherwise, I'd probably buy them all.
But it's LEGO pricing, and so I can't afford to buy them all.
All right, well, let's move on to talk about the E3 event.
And Sony is doing something that they've done for the past couple years,
where they are doing a big Sony broadcast around not just, of course, on Twitch
and the stuff that you can watch at home, but in theaters across the U.S. and Canada.
Apparently, over 85 theaters are being in this event.
And they've done this before, so it's not like it's new.
But when they've done it before, they sometimes have some little Sony trinkets
that they give away in giveaway bags and all that,
and you get to see these trailers on the big screen,
which is really worth it for a lot of people as well.
So the PlayStation E3 experience is returning for 2017.
I do know the tickets already went up, I think on May 30th.
They went through a new vendor called GoFobo, which I'd never heard of before.
And apparently, it didn't go well.
I heard a lot of talk on Twitter about it's not so great.
I didn't try for it, because I think the timing doesn't work out,
because I still have to work on Monday.
And in years past, the closest place to San Francisco anyway, I can't get to it.
Yeah, it was like Pleasanton or something like that.
That's fine. I'll watch it on my TV at Omis. I always have.
But for those that want the theater experience,
sometimes feeding off that crowd energy kind of gets people even more amped up.
So cool.
I know where it'd be really cool to feed off that crowd energy and watch it.
Is PlayStation home?
Maybe that'll come back in VR. You never know.
That would be cool. I'd be down.
Well, one of the things I think that got spoiled ahead of E3
is the full Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite roster.
Again, of course, they've done a reveal trailer so far,
but some of the fighters in this game have already been leaked out there.
Apparently there are 27 of them. I'm not going to read the entire list here,
because, again, we don't know anything until really Capcom confirms it.
But it does sound like the X-Men are out, as we probably anticipated,
and some of the more deep cuts with Capcom are apparently out as well.
For example, the beautiful Joe is not there.
Phoenix Wright is not there, but Monster Hunter is.
With a lot of those things, what they're trying to do with this is
they're going to go the multi-season route with it,
so they're going to put out certain characters for DLC now,
and then they're going to do a second season where they may add some more of these other characters.
I kind of wish they were all available from the get-go,
but I understand that they want to do balancing stuff.
It all seems like a lot of it's just the Marvel Cinematic stuff
based on the characters that they have available.
Yeah. So, there it is.
The whole Marvel vs. Capcom list is floating around out there.
I'm sure some of you guys have already seen it again.
I'm not going to read the whole thing, but it's a very fair sampling of
what's been going on in the Marvel Cinematic Universe as of late as well.
In fact, for better or for worse.
But some people really not happy about the lack of X-Men characters,
but I kind of thought that was already going to be a given about this game.
We kind of knew that going into this.
Yeah, I kind of figured it would be.
So, I'm not sure why suddenly people are surprised.
Maybe they were hoping for a last-minute thing.
Hoping for Deadpool again.
Yeah, maybe.
All right, moving on. Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news, we have Dickinson Setsu some news.
Basically, there's something been teased that's new for the series.
It was said by Masaru Oyamada, who had a few things to say about it
in his interview with Famitsu.
Especially that they'd like to make sure that the old Snake and Densetsu games
can be appreciated by younger players.
And looking at graphic uprising from what I can see on here.
And he wants to take the opportunity to announce a new development
around the 25th anniversary of the series.
So, who knows? We maybe see something else.
Also, Legendary Pokemon and PvP are coming to Pokemon GO this summer.
So, basically, you can finally have your on-the-spot dueling
and Legendary so that you don't have to crash actual Pokemon Center events.
You can just follow the news from Niantic and that's it.
You just crash their servers instead.
Right.
All the people playing.
Who needs servers anyway? Just crash them all.
I'm curious to see how they're going to do that.
Because one of the things I know they quoted on there is
they've learned a lot about the social interaction stuff with Ingress.
And I'm curious to see how they're going to integrate that with Pokemon.
Because, to be honest, right now there is no game.
It's collecting for me.
No competitive game.
Yeah, I really want to see what happens with the whole gym.
You see, with these gyms, you're going to make these links from one gym to the next.
No, no, no, no.
But even when it comes to Ingress, I'm like,
yeah, the community stuff is still cool.
And it's nice that they're bringing back some of the live events.
And I can probably get into some of those.
But the day-to-day stuff is kind of just over it.
It'll be nice when there's a 2.0 to shake things up and make things feel fresh again.
And I think I can say the same thing about Pokemon is that
when you re-up the gym game and have more of a point to the collecting and all that stuff,
there will be that.
So, anyway.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's move on.
We're going to travel around the world and check out what is in stores this week as far as releases go.
Loki, how about the US?
Yes, we do have a few things coming out this week.
So, starting off with Cloudone Returns.
This is Sengoku.
That's going to be on PC, PlayStation 4, and the Vita.
We have Dark Rose Valkyrie on PlayStation 4.
Dirt 4 on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Farming Simulator 18 on 3DS and the Vita.
Farting Simulator. No.
No, not Farting Simulator.
Farting Simulator 18, I'm sure, is already on Steam.
I'm pretty sure that's already a thing.
Guardians of the Galaxy, the Telltale series.
Episode 2, Under Pressure, is going to be coming out this week on PC, Mac, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, iOS, and Android.
This is pretty interesting.
Wipeout Omega Collection on PlayStation 4.
And finally, Super Beat Zonic on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
If you add a Z, it makes it edgier.
It's not a Z. It's an X, actually.
Oh, that makes it any edgier.
All right, we're going to travel over to Japan and check out what's coming out for those release dates on the...
What is the big day for releases there?
I think the 9th is the next big release day.
Although I'm not really seeing anything in Japan on the 9th.
Do we not have anything big coming out on the PlayStation 4 in Japan?
Maybe not. At least not on the PS4 this week.
Yeah, the next big thing I see is Stormblood for Final Fantasy XIV on the 20th.
But I'm not really seeing anything in Japan at least earlier in the month.
Let me see if there's something on Nintendo that might be the reason why.
No, the Alliance Alive is out on June the 22nd in Japan on the 3DS.
And on the Switch, Arms is out on June 16th.
But it doesn't look like we have anything out a little earlier here.
I'm not sure if there's any...
Oh, I tell you what. We have a Vita game.
We have a lone Vita game on June the 8th.
Shiro to Kuro no Alice is out in regular and limited edition.
A lone game.
The game system that Sony has forgotten about.
Not there.
Only one that's getting games.
Not there.
It's much different in Japan than it is here.
You take your Xbox One racks here and replace them with the Vita.
That's basically what Japan is a little more like.
I don't know if there's a cultural reason.
When's the school year there?
Year round?
It's year round.
So it's not even like a finals thing or anything.
There's like a summer break but school pretty much is year round.
Interesting.
Maybe because of E3. I don't know.
Anyway, how about the UK?
On the 7th we have Wipeout Omega Collection for PS4.
And then on the 8th, Dirt 4 for PC, Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
That's it.
Alright. Let's head on over to the mailbag.
Wait. There's a game coming out in the next week but I think the name is funny.
What?
It's Pixel Heroes Bite and Magic.
As in Might and Magic.
That's cute.
Alright. Let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us.
Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com and you can participate with the show.
Alright. This email comes from Tiger Tooth.
Hello. Actually we have two emails from him but I will read them both because one of them is super short.
Hello OLR. I'm a long time listener. First time emailer.
Yay! Level up.
I believe I first started listening to your show when I was in 8th grade.
And I'm now about to graduate from high school.
And now I'm retiring.
I feel old.
During my first week of high school my history teacher had us make time capsule letters so that we wouldn't get back until the end of our senior year.
The time capsule letters were a series of questions that we could write honest responses to because no one but ourselves were supposed to see them.
Well with final exams and graduation around the corner he gave them back to us.
And reading through it astonished how bad my spelling was laughing at the jokes I threw in it.
When suddenly I see an OLR reference.
The question was I dislike blank because blank.
And my obscure ass put I dislike Britney Spears because I think she is a skank.
And ORL is what it said.
I chuckled to myself after reading this and suddenly found myself at a loss for where this came from.
Obviously it's an OLR reference but who and why said it?
I feel like it was Dark Sakura but I could totally see Rob saying this too.
Okay okay okay okay.
This show is so old I don't remember things that happened on this show three weeks ago.
If I didn't have Dark Tetsuya and some of the other long time OLR listeners like Misty and folks and the Wiki and all that I wouldn't know what happened on this show a year ago and so forth.
So I think that's hilarious that you wrote a note that kind of came back.
One thing I do recall though is let's not forget Britney Spears went through her whole little meltdown phase around that time before Blackout came out.
And I think there were probably a lot of people saying that sort of thing about her.
But you know what? My opinion on her will say has evolved a lot because she's an awesome ally. Did you see that letter that she wrote?
She hand wrote for her LGBT fans on June 1st to get off Pride Month and I thought that was awesome.
And so like you know all Britney wants to do is raise her kids.
And she can afford wigs and weave.
I do seem to recall we had a conversation like this before.
I don't even know if it was on this show or another show but I want to say you said something like
All Britney Spears wants to do is live in a trailer in the back part of Alabama or wherever she's from.
Louisiana.
Louisiana and raise her kids.
Like she didn't want all this celebrity stuff it just kind of happened to her.
And I kind of I tend to agree with that that she does all this stuff and does the lip syncs on stage to music that's really really produced and all this stuff because she wants to make a good life for her kids.
So you know what? I got no reason to hate on Britney Spears anymore.
And I'm sorry if I ever said anything to hurt her feelings.
Besides that Derek Barry can do it for her.
I don't think Loki would have an opinion on the matter but who knows.
Also how did the subject come up lol.
Anyways thought you would like to know that you made it into a capsule letter from some random kid on the other side of the country.
That I do get a kick out of even if I have no idea what the heck this is all about.
I do love that story so thank you for sharing that.
That's right we have our time capsule too.
We do we do have our time capsule it's waiting for December to come around the holiday episode.
Alright awesome.
Well also did I say I live in Western New York by the way.
Sincerely Tigertooth.
PS sorry if there is any grammar errors.
PPS I took a selfie on a teacup when I went to Disney World a month ago.
Bring back Horde House.
Hashtag movement Horde House.
I listened to that show from episode 80 until the bitter end.
I still think of Pepper Time and Mint and Rob's laugh.
Whenever I listen to the Spice Girls.
That was a great in-joke from Horde House.
Sadly it's just one of those things where I think we've all moved on just creatively and we're not really playing MMOs anymore.
I know you want it you want the show you can take over Dark Saga.
Okay.
When I say we all of course I mean myself, Extover, Shane, and Grandpa.
But the cool thing is just about everybody from those days is still podcasting.
You can hear Grandpa as Captain Matt on Starboard Power Coupling.
Which is here on VOG.
Shane does Ranger Pride which is here on VOG with Captain Spike.
And Extover and I we were doing Guys on a Show.
I do not consider that like Pokestop podcast is done.
Like that that show is not coming back.
Guys on a Show is still for me on a hiatus and will be back.
Just that Extover hasn't really been able to commit to a regular recording schedule.
That gels with mine. I won't put all the blame on him.
That gels with my schedule as well.
So we just haven't really been able to bring that back.
But we do have ideas and like creatively we kind of know what we want to do with that.
So I do still strongly feel Guys on a Show will come back at some point.
And that's pretty much everybody from the Horde House days.
But as far as that I mean we all stopped playing Warcraft except for Grandpa.
I think still dabbles in it.
I've seen him on sometimes.
Yeah but.
But I'm pretty much there by myself in good old Danger Squad.
Oh even Captain Spike and Slidekick stopped playing over there?
I don't really see them that much.
That's too bad.
But you know.
It just kind of it is what it is.
You know it didn't.
The show never really recovered from the shift away from Warcraft because it just got too broad.
So we just weren't able to make it work anymore.
So.
But I have some good memories and they're all still my friends.
So you never know what might happen.
There might be a reunion around another topic someday.
There's another addendum in the form of another email.
Keep up the awesome work.
You guys never fail to entertain me when I'm doing mundane chores.
Are you doing laundry right now?
You guys help get my mind off things during stressful times and you guys are way better than wild background music.
LOL.
Sincerely Tiger Tooth.
And don't forget to separate your whites and your colors.
Unless you just wash all that shit on cold like I do.
But the whites will be whiter if you wash them separately.
You know what?
Whites already too damn white.
I had to go there.
All right.
Ah.
Thank you.
Thank you for the emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you wish to send us an email for the future.
In the meantime, we have more news to get into starting with Loki.
Yes.
So this is kind of unexpected but apparently the Kerbal Space Program.
They announced that I guess the game has been acquired by Take Two Interactive.
So they're not.
They're saying that it's not really going to change much.
That the squad and the current development team is still here and hard to work on KSP and its future updates.
But we are now fortunate enough to do so with the help of an experienced publisher like Take Two.
And we couldn't be more excited and happy to see our conjoint collaboration or see where our conjoint collaboration will take KSP forward.
So that's pretty awesome.
And yeah it is kind of interesting to see how that works out.
Yeah. I don't know. Maybe that means a sequel.
Who knows.
I have this installed on my computer.
I have honestly played it for about five minutes and that's been kind of it.
But maybe I need to go back.
It didn't hold your interest at all.
I just. I don't know.
I didn't really get too experimental with making ships and stuff.
But there's a lot of people that have made pretty crazy things with it.
It might be something worth checking out.
I know I think while I was prepping the show my son saw this and he's like what's that.
And I'm like I had to explain to him what it was.
And he seemed interested. So maybe it might be something that I can think about playing later on.
One of my buddies was really into this game and the physics of it were very interesting.
I didn't realize that they released it on console but apparently it says it's on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Yeah they put it on PS4 at some point.
I apologize because I had to step out for just a minute.
But with this whole Kerbal Space Program and the Take Two stuff is it like are we gearing up for a sequel.
Are we gearing up for a sequel at E3. Like is this putting all the.
I don't know.
You would think an acquisition like that is setting things up for a sequel.
I don't know.
You would think. I don't know what they're going to do with it.
But it's neat.
Well now I hope this is something that's leading into E3.
And it's Bayonetta 3.
Yes that's right I really want Bayonetta 3 to happen.
And you know there was an interview that Source Gaming did with Atsushi Inaba from Platinum Games.
And of course they asked you know they're trying to kind of like you know not say confirm Bayonetta 3.
But they said if Bayonetta 3 were to ever happen would Bayonetta still be the protagonist or would you try to surprise fans.
And the answer was maybe there would be a male Bayonetta.
Male-netta.
Why not.
It should be called Bayonet.
Why not. I think that would be hilarious.
And says I would like to make Bayonetta 3. We're talking within the company even now about what to do.
But because we're constantly talking about it that actually makes it really hard to say.
If we weren't talking about it we could just say something random or offhand you know but because we're actually talking about it.
Of course that's just something that you talk about when you're making a series.
Do you want to keep the same protagonist.
There's plenty of precedent for changing protagonists and so that is something we discuss.
Do we want to keep the same one have a different one add new ones.
But that's certainly not anything I can say for sure at this point.
Well that was kind of the run around there at the end there.
But I love this. I love folks in our chat room here.
Dungeon Buster says boy-netta and Tiger Claw says bro-netta.
So there's some answers there. Why not. Why not.
Whatever they want to do creatively as long as it's as fun as the first two games.
I would be so about that.
So I do hope a Bayonetta 3 is in the works.
I hope the quiet reception to Bayonetta 2 on the Wii U just because the Wii U was the Wii U doesn't ruin our chances.
We'll see though in about a little over a week.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com use the pass phrase liquid.
In the meantime, DarkSakura.
Well just leave it to the ratings board to spoil shit for us again.
There is a leak from the ratings board that talks about Minecraft story mode season 2.
Well okay technically this was in Australia but hey.
It's called Hero in Residence.
It was labeled as multi-platform which would match the 11 different device releases that we got with the previous one.
Including the upcoming Switch release.
So yeah.
Well it's not quite Minecraft 2 like you were saying at the beginning but hey.
It is a Minecraft part 2 but it's a little different.
It's it's own thing I guess.
Story mode is a Telltale game.
It's just in the Minecraft universe.
It was alright. I played the first episode and it was okay.
I mean it was my first Telltale game which is awesome.
Was it really?
Well I have, I own a lot of them.
I just haven't played a lot of them.
Make time to play Walking Dead.
It's good.
I still want to go through Sam and Max and the Back to the Future series.
I even like the Jurassic Park ones.
I know a lot of people hated on those but I thought that was fun.
So whatever.
Of course I don't know.
The Telltale stuff is kind of a throwback to me of the older PC games.
For Game of Thrones I know they did a Game of Thrones one didn't they?
Very interesting.
But yeah.
So one game I forgot to mention that I played during my game week this week was Grand Theft Auto 5.
And of course part of that I didn't play was Grand Theft Auto Online.
I still have been kind of wary to go back into it because so much has changed.
I don't think I'll be able to figure out what to do because there's just so much out there.
But one of the things that, one of the comments around that.
I guess they had a, I want to say their financial meeting or something like that.
But Take-Two's CEO Strauss Zelnick.
He had spoken to I guess GameStop regarding his stance on microtransactions and how they relate to Grand Theft Auto Online.
And basically saying you know, you can't give stuff away for free in perpetual, or perpetuality.
There's no business model in that which you know basically that makes sense.
We're convinced that we are probably from an industry view under monetizing on a per user basis.
But we're not trying to optimize the monetization of everything.
We do to the nth degree. My concern is if you do that, the consumer knows.
They might not even know that, or they may not even know that they know.
But they feel it.
There is wood to chop because I think we can do more.
I think we can do more without interfering with our business strategy.
And being the most creative about our ethical approach which is delighting consumers.
We're not going to grab the last nickel.
It's respectable. They do give out a lot of content for free.
However, there's a lot of stuff that is revolving.
I mean this is back from when I played Grand Theft Auto Online quite a bit several years ago.
There is a lot that goes around money in the game.
Like they used to have it where you have to buy insurance for your vehicles.
And they get destroyed by another player. You have to pay money to fix your car.
You know, unnecessary realities I guess in the game.
I mean that's not necessarily a fun thing.
But it's just something that's another thing to spend money on in the game.
It's been a while since I played it.
You just started playing Overwatch, right? This is something they love to do in that.
Well, Overwatch is mostly just skin crap.
That's true.
And there's a lot of customization stuff you can buy in Grand Theft Auto with the in-game money.
But that's all stuff you can earn by doing missions.
It's as if you don't want to wait to do all that stuff.
You can get their shark cards and bypass all that.
But they certainly give you a lot of stuff.
I feel that for what they put out there for free, the content, there's a lot of it.
So I'm not saying that they're pulling the whole free-to-play stunt on it.
But I think you get a lot of value for Grand Theft Auto Online.
Plus you have Grand Theft Auto 5, which is a fantastic game altogether.
And you got that for free basically.
I mean I understand where he's saying that there's probably more stuff they can monetize for.
But as long as they don't do it in a way that feels cheap.
And like I said, it's been a while since they played it.
So hopefully it seems that a lot of the stuff that's coming out now is more of that,
ooh, I really want to have that because that's cool.
And not, ugh, I got to pay money for a mechanic to stay around every single day and rent for my apartment and all that stuff.
And that's kind of lame.
But I don't know, we'll see what that's like.
But it sounds like, I mean so far it's been alright.
Alright, well one more story for you guys.
And we're going to open up the Skypline at Orange Lounge Radio.
And this is about a, this is a series that's near and dear to our hearts here at Orange Lounge Radio.
It's the River City Ransom series.
And yep, River City's getting a new game actually coming out in the 3DS eShop.
River City Knights of Justice.
Now here's the thing, this game actually came out in Japan way back April 2014.
This game originally came out.
It is finally coming to North America and Europe this summer.
Well over three years after the fact.
Wow.
In Japan this game was called Nekketsu Maho Monogatari on the 3DS eShop.
And now we're going to get it.
Yay, it's a 3DS eShop exclusive, meaning there's no retail copy available.
This is where Kunio and his friends go medieval.
So you get heroes and villains.
Yeah, it looks just like Dragon Quest.
Yeah, it's kind of like that whole world meets a fantasy game.
I'm kind of down with like a River City Ransom game set in like a Dragon Quest universe.
That'd be pretty cool.
Magic to bring peace back to Riverandia.
Definitely a plot rather than those games, right?
I hope there's something that cures barf.
Remember in the NES game you punch the enemies, they go barf.
That was always the funniest thing when I was younger.
I don't know, it probably still is funny.
Have you ever made your kids play River City Ransom?
No, they have never played that.
You should have them check it out and see if they laugh when barf comes up on the screen.
I don't think they know what the word barf means.
You should teach them.
They actually know.
I spent some time with Uncle Rob.
Uncle Rob will teach them.
They know what throw up means.
I'm sure it's pretty easy for them.
Alright.
Again, River City Knights of Justice.
It's going to be at E3 actually.
The Natsume booth will have this.
So you can check that out.
Or you can watch the various YouTubes of the Japanese version that's already out there if you want to check that out.
Alright, I hope this series finds its way.
What do they call all these characters?
Kunio, is that what it's called?
The whole series?
The Kunio-kun.
Kunio-kun, that's it.
I hope this series makes its way to Switch one way or another.
Like, you know, I know they did like an All-Stars game on 3DS that like kind of brought the dodgeball and the River City Ransom worlds together.
But man, that dodgeball game, that was one of my favorite arcade games they ever did back in the day was that Kunio.
It was on the Neo Geo, right?
The dodgeball game?
Wasn't that a Neo Geo?
Originally, I know they did a version on the NES, but I feel like there was a version in the arcade I played.
So, Dark Tetsuya agrees with me there.
Yeah, totally need a Switch version of Kunio.
Agree.
Skype line is open!
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call to talk about anything we might have touched on tonight or perhaps we missed it and you want to let us know.
You can do that.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
While we wait to see if anybody takes advantage of that tonight, Loki, let me check in with you.
Do you have any last minute stories for us?
Yes, there's been leaks already of stuff that Sony's going to be announcing, including a brand new PlayStation 4 system that's going to be gold colored.
Coming out June 9th, they already have pictures of it.
Big deal.
Yeah.
A gold PS4.
What's special about it?
Is it just...
It's gold.
Here's my question.
Is it a pro?
No, it's not.
See?
Hmm.
I feel like...
God damn it, Sony!
$249 for one terabyte model.
Okay, again, it's rumor, so...
It's not rumor, I see a picture of it right here.
Oh, so like...
It's Target or Walmart or something got it and they took a picture of it.
Looks like Walmart based off the price.
So...
It's not on the internet, so it must be true.
Well, no, I mean, it's a box in a Walmart.
It's in their case, locked up.
So they're planning on doing one of those, it's available today type of things.
Yeah.
Okay.
Which, you know, whatever.
Technically it would be coming out on, before E3, it would be coming out on the 9th, so...
You know.
Interesting.
But I just...
Isn't it weird that it's not a pro?
So, Sony's kind of already taken a step back from that?
Yeah.
That should have been on my list of things I want to see from Sony at E3 is like, give
me more of this pro thing.
Because this is, this is really starting to become a pet peeve when it comes to Sony.
I am really having trust issues with Sony peripherals.
And this is a big reason why I haven't plunked the money down on VR, because I feel really
burned by PlayStation 4 Pro.
And, you know, this has happened with the Vita.
This has happened with the Move.
This has happened with...
I want to say the PSP, but I suppose that's...
They tried with the PSP a lot longer than other devices to be fair.
So I can't really pick on them for that.
But it seems like as of recent, like Sony really...
Oh, the TV, the PlayStation TV thing.
They ran the hell away from that too.
3D.
So I'm getting really concerned with how fast Sony is backtracking on these peripherals.
And they do need to be, you know, if we're going to be critical of Nintendo and all this
stuff too, we need to be critical of Sony when they are making missteps too.
And this is one of them for me.
This whole backtracking of peripherals.
I mean, this is just one picture.
I mean, they could have a pro model that's available as well.
We don't know.
That's fair enough.
Right now, I'm assuming they probably don't, or it could be a different color or who knows?
That's fair.
They could have it available.
But at the very least, we're going to get a different color PlayStation 4 system, which
honestly, it doesn't look that great.
It's gold.
I mean, it kind of looks cheap.
Yeah, it's one of those things where like that would be cool if I didn't already own
one.
But well, maybe with the announcement that they're ending PlayStation 3 production, this
is the time to entice people to jump into that.
I don't know.
SH2100Matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, feels like Sony has worst kept secret
leak before each E3, but they do somehow keep something to surprise.
It's a very minor thing.
Yeah.
Well, if that's already on shelves June 9th, then it isn't really an E3 or anything.
It's more one of those, they want to get it on shelves because of the hype E3 might build.
Like there might be something they're going to show that make people go, oh, we need to
go out and get a PlayStation 4 because this is going to be on it.
And so they want it to be on the shelves.
That part I kind of get.
Anyway, we are getting a call on the phone, so I want to get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft.
How you doing?
Pretty great.
Good.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Well, I want to talk about Nintendo and it's voice chat options for the Switch.
Please.
What's your take?
We talked ad nauseam about it.
What's your take on it?
Well, like I said in chat, I do see Loki's point.
It seems overly complicated to Nintendo to do this, but at the same time I see some practicality
from it because since the Switch is a portable console and you're not necessarily going to
be playing on the TV, having your smartphone pretty much everywhere you go is like something
that, okay, you can use this instead of hooking everything up to the console.
I see it more like a practical thing, but yeah, Nintendo does seem to overcomplicate things.
No, thank you so much, Akdeft, because you reminded me of something big and I really
wish I'd thought of this when Loki and I were debating this earlier, but thank you, thank you, thank you.
You reminded me of why.
You're right.
It's the Switch's portability issue and they didn't want to charge more money by putting
a 3G thing in the Switch like the Vita used, lololol, not very well, that whole thing.
That's what they're doing to get around data so you can do voice chat when you're on the go
is that by doing it on your phone then the Switch doesn't have to have that component built into it
making the system cost more money.
Thank you, Deft, I wish I'd thought of that earlier.
And to counter that, okay, if it has to be tethered to the phone anyways because it needs to have
data in order to play multiplayer, why still can't the voice chat go through the system and not a separate app?
But technically we still don't know exactly how it's going to work.
It may be an option, so maybe.
Well, we'll see. Again, I still feel like debating this is a little early.
I mean, it doesn't stop the internet from doing it anyway.
I know some of y'all Nintendo fans get needled by what Loki says, but he ain't saying nothing that
other people ain't already saying.
Well, here's the thing, I find it was a separate app to do if you want to schedule stuff.
Say you don't have your Switch with you, you're at work doing something and some friend's like,
hey, I want to play a game later and you go, okay, I'm going to schedule something and then you go home
and then you can do that and the app works with it.
And it's all set up magically, yeah.
And that would be fine, but to require you to use your phone for it seems stupid.
That's the thing. I don't know, whatever.
They're going to do whatever they're going to do.
Maybe it's to force people into the app so that becomes commonplace.
Because what good is it to go in and schedule something if the other people are like,
oh, I don't use that app because I'm not required to.
Well, don't build an app then.
I don't know. We'll see.
The thing too, sorry, the thing, it's also that many people use other voice chat apps for voice chat.
We see Discord, we see Skype, even Google Hangouts.
So I, again, do not see the big issue here or the big problem.
Again, Nintendo's overly complicating things, but at the same time, I see the practicality in it.
So that's my take on it.
Well, this is something we're certainly going to revisit in about, in two weeks' time basically,
on the 15-year anniversary episode, when we know what Nintendo's going to say about this whole thing.
I mean, there is the very realistic possibility they may not address the whole voice chat thing in their presentation.
However, with the hours and hours of Treehouse that they're doing,
I do expect this topic to come up at some point, especially with Splatoon 2 coming out in July.
And they do want to sell that game.
I feel like Nintendo is going to have to start to peel back.
What is this going to look like? Because it's very important for Splatoon 2.
Yes, we know you're going to be able to play online, and it's obviously going to be free now until 2018,
because of the delay of Nintendo Online.
But what does Splatoon 2 look like six months from now when you're scheduling events and all this stuff?
I do think Nintendo kind of has to answer that question.
If it's not in the main presentation, at least maybe a demo during the Treehouse.
Because they're going to have so many hours to fill during Treehouse,
and you know they're going to push arms and they're going to push Splatoon 2 during Treehouse.
They have to. Those are the big games over the summer that they want people to go out and buy.
Yeah, especially Splatoon 2. That's going to be a really, really big game.
And it's so funny, because we were talking about this whole arms and esports and all this stuff.
And honestly, if anything Nintendo should be esports, it ought to be Splatoon.
Well, they've already asserted that it's going to be with their stupid trailer that showed this big esports arena.
They're already playing on their Switch and hunky-dory. I mean, they've already solidified it's going to be esports.
I think it could be with Splatoon.
Well, they're going to have their tournament thing, invitational for Splatoon 2.
And they're going to have actual Splatoon teams.
But to be fair, as critical as Loki's being, and I am being, to a point of this whole thing,
this isn't that different from what Blizzard does.
Blizzard also puts together their own events for their own games.
And they're taking it even bigger with this whole Overwatch League thing.
So, you can't say this is something unique to Nintendo.
Although I do agree there has to be some sort of adoption by the community.
But at the same time, also, look what's happening to Street Fighter V.
You know, Street Fighter V seemed to be this very logical, like, this is going to be the next big thing.
And I think it is being adopted to a point.
But Street Fighter V is kind of, in some ways, Street Fighter V is kind of, I don't want to say flopped,
but it's not hit that level that you would expect of a Street Fighter franchise game.
Yeah, definitely not the same as Street Fighter IV.
Exactly. Now, games can, we live in this very strange day and age now where games can be resurrected.
Like Diablo III, Final Fantasy XIV.
Well, look at Street Fighter V. I mean, look at why it didn't take off.
It's because it was released unfinished.
Yeah. No, I don't disagree.
Let all the publishers realize, hey, if you release your game unfinished, probably not going to be taken too well.
I don't disagree with that.
Especially when you're asking for a finished price.
Yeah, I don't disagree with that.
I kind of disagree on that, but eh, yeah, it was unfinished.
But the game, when it came out, it worked flawlessly.
At least the gameplay itself, it was perfect.
But yeah, I don't understand the point.
Alright. Well, Akdeaf, do you have anything else you want to share?
No, I will call you in two weeks, I think.
Alright, sounds good. Can't wait for it.
Alright, take care, my friend.
Okay, thanks for having me.
Yeah, anytime. Bye-bye.
Alright, we'll see if anybody else wants to sneak in there real quick, otherwise we'll wrap things up.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Post-show tonight, I'm going to stream Mario Kart 8, because I've been promising that for like two weeks.
And finally, I'm going to do it tonight.
So hopefully some of y'all will be online to race with me.
I'm not going to set up a formal tournament, because last time I did that, we ran into issues.
So this time, I'm just going to see what happens if I do multiplayer.
And hopefully there aren't more people that want to play, but we'll see what happens.
It's going to be a learning experience, one way or the other.
I have a bad feeling we might run into the opposite problem than we do with tournaments, but we'll see.
We're going to have fun, no matter what. We're going to play Mario Kart, we're going to have fun.
Yeah, and they also show the, it's in a Target ad too, so it's definitely coming.
They're saying it's $50 off for $249.99. They're also selling the controllers separately.
Of course they are.
Because the controllers must be separate from the machine you have to use them on.
Well, no. I mean, if you want additional gold controllers, you can buy them separately.
So, what's funny is that now that I do have two PlayStation 4 controllers, because a friend gave us one for Christmas, so we have a red controller too,
I find it's really funny, like, I keep one plugged into the PlayStation charging, and then I use the other one,
and then the minute the battery thing starts flashing, I just switch them.
I plug the black one in, I take the red one back. It's kind of a nice system.
I still can't, and I mentioned this last week, I still can't believe that the Xbox One controllers still take AA batteries.
And you have to buy a separate battery pack for that. That is stupid. Especially for the price that they're charging for those controllers.
Yeah, maybe that's something that will change a little bit with Scorpio. We'll see. I mean, you would hope with the price you're going to pay for that.
Yeah, and actually Bobby Blackwell says, I love that they take AA batteries. I love that. I wish more controllers gave that option.
I do think a keyword there is option. It would be great if a controller could take both.
Well it can, you just have to buy that battery pack separate though.
Of course, of course. Anyhow, since no other calls are coming in, I think we're going to take the hint and go ahead and wrap up.
I do want to remind everybody, E3 officially starts in six days with EA, and it's going to be a fun week of leaks and so forth.
There's also, you know, to be fair, Apple's got a big tech thing going, what WWDC is this week.
And that could affect mobile gaming as we hear about inevitably iOS 11 and so forth.
So it's going to be a crazy week. At least this year it doesn't overlap with E3.
Because that's what usually happens is the Apple thing. That happened one year where Apple's conference was at the exact same time as Nintendo or something.
I don't remember what it was, but it was a mess. So thankfully this year there's a little breathing room between them.
But it's going to be a crazy week into the summer.
But thank you guys for spending your Sundays here with Orange Launch Radio, participating in the spirited debate, but never mean debate.
Because at the end of the day, we all still respect each other's opinions and all that good stuff.
And we really appreciate you guys that show up here at Orange Launch Radio live every week.
And if you do enjoy what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two to check out the show over at the VOG Network, vognetwork.com.
And joining us here live on Sunday nights. Word of mouth goes a real long way.
Again, if you can't think of a lot of friends to tell, nice reviews on iTunes or Google Play or wherever it is that you found this show.
Five star reviews go a long way.
Remember, if you can't use your mouth, use your fingers.
I like that. I do like that. If you can't use your mouth, use your fingers.
Alright, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is... I don't know. Maybe get some programming.
You can do it.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
Jan, I miss ice cream. I miss carbs. I really want more cheese.
Same issue too. And my final thought tonight is, I can't believe my birthday is this month and I'm turning older.
Rob?
No, I'm not doom and gloom about it, but it's just one of those like, oh gosh.
I like how I didn't need to say anything. I just needed to say Rob.
Well, it's not what you said, it's how you said it. Because you said it like, girl.
Let me learn you a thing.
Exactly. Oh, and I think this is also a very, very, very important thing to put out there and I want to make sure I do say this.
My mom was discharged from the hospital earlier this week after she was in the ICU for six days with her condition.
And she is, thanks to the miracle of drugs, she's doing a lot better.
And there are going to be some changes with her lifestyle.
She is 76 years old after all, but I just really want to take a minute to thank everybody for all the kind things that were said on Twitter and social media and in chat and so on and so on.
And she has seen some of that too. I showed her Facebook and all that and she was really, really overwhelmed with all that and really appreciates all that as she is continuing on her path to recovery.
So I just want to give a real heartfelt thank you on her behalf and all of you that have been thinking of us. It's really, really, really appreciated.
So with that, I think that's a good positive note to end on. So I think we'll end it there and we're going to end the show for this week.
So we'll see you guys next time on Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys so much for being here. We'll see you in seven days.
And for those of you that are going to E3, travel safe and have fun.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
you
