Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, the completely expected annual OLR intro has arrived. Ladies and gentlemen, E3 is here!
But you knew that, so stay tuned!
You know how this works.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, June the 11th of 2017, with episode number 690 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E.
joined here in Studio N7, based out of Sacramento, California, with my co-host.
Not here just yet, but on her way, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers. She's running a smidge behind tonight.
But joining me here is Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm fine.
It's been a busy week. Here we are. It's E3 season.
Yeah.
Does it feel weird not being there?
No.
Because we used to go.
I think I went a few more times than you did, but you still went one of those years towards the end, right?
Yeah, it was 2009.
Yeah. So, okay, so that was probably the last time you went. But now you're just, you're enjoying the whole watching-from-home thing and playing the home game, right?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know. There's not really, I don't see the need to go anymore.
Yeah. Yeah, I hear you. There's so much that's delivered through the, you know, Twitch and the now Mixer and the whole, you know, internet route that, you know,
it just seems like you can almost cover more from home because those guys get the appointments so you don't have to, right?
I'm going to be very interested to hear what it's like from the, you know, the fans. I'm using my Quiddie fingers that are actually there this year.
I'll be very interested to see how it goes this year.
All right. I do want to say, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And we will get to your comments and stuff in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
And…
Who uses chat rooms anymore?
Hi, Jamie. How are you?
I'm okay.
You showed up just in the nick of time.
I'm hungry.
I know. I know. So, you've had a busy day. Where are we at? We're doing a…
My hair's dead.
Oh, yeah. Your hair is all purple into blue. It's like…
It's actually two different shades of purple.
Your hair could be a video game logo, but it's not.
I look like a unicorn.
A unicorn frappe. Yes. No, I'm kidding.
Without the stabby forehead accessory.
How do you feel not being at E3 this year? You used to go…
I don't care.
I don't care.
The luster's worn out for you?
Too many fucking people. I just don't care.
Yeah.
You know, I'd rather, if I'm going to go to a big event, I'm going to go to a fun con instead.
Go to a fan run thing?
Yeah. I don't care.
All right.
Other people can do all that shit for me.
I'll get what I want out of it without, you know, pieces of plastic I'm going to throw away five days later.
Over at our chat, over at live.vognetwork.com, we've got Maya who says, hungry for E3 takes.
Yes, I know you guys are. So, let's get to it.
We've got a lot of ground to cover tonight.
And we do have to end right at nine o'clock or a little bit before because we have a press conference at nine.
I thought it was going to be in the middle of the show.
Every other year they've done seven o'clock our time, but this year…
I think they moved it.
We have a reprieve.
Yeah, they bumped it back two hours for whatever.
That's weird because that's midnight on the East Coast.
That's late for those guys.
It's the one time of year where the West Coast gets the advantage for a change.
So, you know what? I'm sorry, East Coast, but you all get all those award shows that are broadcast live and not tape play.
You get all that other stuff that's live and you get Saturday Night Live that's actually live.
You know what? This is the one time where we get something.
So, we're going to take it.
All right. Let's get into it.
E3. So, we had two big press conferences that have already happened.
Let's start with EA.
Admittedly, I did not watch this press conference because it was a terrible time, Saturday afternoon.
I was busy with, ironically, another convention that has nothing to do with video gaming here locally.
But, Loki, I know you watch.
So, tell us a little bit about the EA event.
So, they started off with, and I'm trying to remember because it was, you know…
They had a lot of sports mixed in there, so I kind of tuned out during that stuff.
But they started off, I want to say it was Battlefield 1.
They were showing off the new DLC that they have coming out for that, which looks pretty cool.
So, I mean, that'll be something that will be, I think it's later this summer or the fall.
So, they're showing that.
And then they talked a little bit about how they're going to be doing some esports related stuff with Battlefield.
I'm not sure if it's tied into Battlefield 1 or if they're doing their own esports type game.
Excuse me.
They were talking about making some new maps that were going to be a little bit smaller,
so that maybe catered more towards those types of, that type of gameplay.
And then they showed off, what was it?
They were talking about the, well, at the time it was the Xbox Scorpio.
So, they were showing off some Madden stuff and like, hey, look, you can see the knee pads.
And I was like, don't fucking care.
But apparently, you know, if you really wanted to see up close, you know, the detail of the people.
I mean, the details there.
Sorry, the Google chat noise was the studio computer.
Sorry, guys, I thought I'd turn that off.
But it's not you.
So, they have that.
They showed off a little bit of the Need for Speed pay, I think it was Payback is what it's called.
I don't remember the subtitle there.
The new Need for Speed game that's basically, you know, Fast and the Furious type nonsense.
So, they showed off a little bit of gameplay from that, which, I mean, it looks like,
honestly, to me, it looks like Burnout, just like how they're doing the takedowns of cars and stuff.
Like, that's Burnout, but whatever.
I mean, I'm all down for that, I guess.
They showed NBA Live, which I just kind of tuned out for.
I don't believe they had NHL.
Oh, I do remember they had FIFA.
And for some reason, I don't know why they do this.
Maybe it's because I'm just not a fan of sports games.
But I think each year that they try to present FIFA,
it's awkward and cringey.
Like, it's just weird.
Like, there's one year that they did an interview,
and this year they had presenters, which I think are part of either a football
or, you know, in the FIFA realm here.
And it was just really cheesy.
FIFA is the biggest game in the world.
Well, I understand that, but the way they presented it was really cheesy.
I lost interest very fast with it.
I don't know.
Was last year the year they did that whole, you are the FIFA?
Oh, no, they didn't have that yet.
They had, like, was it some fictional player's name where they say,
oh, yeah, even during the games, people are just wondering what's going on
with this fictional player.
I'm like, I don't fucking care.
Does really anybody do that?
I just don't believe that they would do that.
So that aside, sports, you know, glancing over that stuff aside,
they did show, of course, the big one, which was Star Wars Battlefront II.
And that looks fantastic.
So they showed off, you know, kind of a trailer for it,
kind of it's covering, you know, all three, you know, storylines.
And then, of course, they have their own individual storyline
that's with that as far as like an offline single player and stuff.
And then they actually did demonstration of like an online multiplayer match.
So they had like their first multiplayer teaser and stuff.
And then they showed an actual match being played, which it looks pretty awesome.
I'm a little more interested because they're single player.
I don't know if that's a game I'll get right out the gate during the busy holiday season.
Well, one of the other things that was pretty cool about it is they mentioned,
much like they did with Titanfall, all the DLC for it,
which is they're going to have a whole season of DLC, is going to be free.
So that's pretty nice.
Some comments from our chat over at live.vog.network.com.
DCB Needle Crash in chat says, EA should just give up on NBA Live.
Live hasn't been relevant since the 90s.
And Act F says, Loki, the thing is that what they showed
is something that people that are into those types of games actually like,
which I think is kind of the FIFA stuff being referred to.
Okay, so I get it. I get it.
But like, do they really need to have like an interview with, was it Pele last year?
Do they really need to have an interview that takes up like ten minutes
of a presentation in the middle?
Pele is kind of a legend.
I understand it, but you know what?
When you're talking about a conference where you can show off,
and they did have like games that they're talking about,
like these indie games that they're funding and stuff.
When you have a conference that only has a finite amount of time,
and you waste ten minutes of that interview,
save that for a separate video that you can put out right after the conference.
I sort of follow you because, like not to jump ahead,
but the whole Porsche reveal at the Xbox thing was also kind of one of those
neat but wrong show.
You know, this is E3. We're here to see games, not cars.
You know, and some people would read me up and down for that
because, you know, there's a lot of crossover, but I'm sorry.
To me, that was, you know, a few minutes that was wasted from games
that were in a sizzle reel that I felt deserved a little more time.
But I guess I'm getting ahead of myself. I apologize.
But this just sounds like something similar is that the time management
sometimes feels weird.
And you're like, I'm here to see video games, but Dark Soccer wants to.
Well, while she finishes chewing.
But it was a pretty big deal when the Beatles came out on State.
Well, obviously not all of them, but you know what I mean?
Those that are, you know, left. Exactly.
Well, and I believe the estates of the others came out to do the rock band
Beatles that one year. That was a big deal.
So Pele to come out and it would be a big frickin deal.
But it's pretty old now. A ten minute interview, I agree, is excessive.
But anyway, however, a lot of those are tactics, not just for promotion,
but for incomplete content or things they don't want to release too much about.
So like a curtain. Exactly.
A lot of times stuff like that is is a filler for a reason.
I don't think I don't look in mirrors.
I don't agree with that only because before they had this last year,
of course, before they had that whole interview,
they they win the detail with all the things that they added to the FIFA.
So they spend a good portion of time talking about the game.
And then they did this interview on top of it as like a special treat.
I see. It's like I get it. I get it.
You know, people are excited about this player, but that's not really.
This show is not a place for that.
And much like, you know, the awkward banter that they were doing,
I get it. That's the characters that those guys play.
As an outsider, I don't get it.
And if you're trying to grow the audience for this, that's not a way to do it.
It's just like this is really weird.
Yes, but does the largest game in the world need to grow its audience?
Yes. If you if you just give up on growing your audience, then what's the point?
Why release a new version each year then?
Fair enough. OK, so it sounds like the good for you is Battlefront.
The not so good for you. It sounds like some of the time management issues was a little bit like.
It was just OK. It wasn't. They showed off a trailer for.
But the publisher specific shows are not usually the big, big.
You know what I mean? The publisher specific ones are usually.
That's not necessarily true because prior to last year.
And even maybe last year Ubisoft just had like the best show I thought, you know, or pretty good show.
So, I mean, the publisher ones are still pretty important sometimes.
They did show off a trailer for Anthem, a very brief trailer.
And then they didn't really show anything because they're saying, OK, well, stay tuned for the Microsoft show because that's when we're going to show it off.
You know, a little bit of, you know, spoiler there.
But so there was that they mentioned as well as a new BioWare IP.
And then they had I could not remember what the EO.
They had the new like funded by EA or what I forget the program's called.
But they have a game that was by the.
The developer did a tale of two brothers.
It's so they have like it's like a prison escape game.
Yeah, I look kind of neat. So that was pretty cool.
And then I think they had another game as well, but I can't remember what it was.
Unfortunately, I didn't watch.
But I'm looking at the was it need for speed because I don't think I know.
We I've talked about need for speed. Was it a way out the way out was the one that was the developer by the two brothers one.
But got it. That is it's all on my notes.
I think that's it. Well, the EA access and origin access going free for a little bit.
Yeah. For a week. That's pretty cool. Yeah. To look into that. That's something there.
So, yeah. And the folks in chatter echoing it was a way out was the name of that game.
But I think we got that. So we're good. All right.
Let's move on, though, because I definitely you know, EA is one thing.
But obviously, Microsoft, something we've been really anticipating.
And, you know, what is Scorpio and what is all this?
So let's just jump into Microsoft.
And I don't necessarily want to go in order with every single thing they showed at the conference because there was a lot.
But I want to just quickly just jump into the big question.
Xbox one X is the new score is no longer Scorpio.
It is Xbox one X, which some people have pointed out.
There's a little bit of a cleverness to it because X box one X is an acronym for Xbox.
You could look at it that way. Well, quickly, what about the name?
Oh, actually, actually, one other thing I want to say before we really comment on anything, and this is important.
I realize this whole E3 week sometimes can be like a great thing.
It's like Christmas for gamers. And it can also be like a really like it can be a really hard time of year because it feels like there's so many people that just want to take it as an excuse to be the most cynical fucking gamer in the world.
And I just want to point out, sometimes we are critical about game companies here on OLR. Lord knows, Loki's had a share of Nintendo things.
But even when it comes to Nintendo, like there's good and there's bad.
And I think you can be a fan of video games, but always challenge what can be done better.
And I think if there's any critic out there that's 100 percent positive, that's probably dipping into fanboy a little bit.
If there's anybody that's 100 percent negative, well, that's just somebody cynical.
And I would ask, what is that bringing to gaming? Is that person even a gaming fan if they're just 100 percent negative all the time?
So I just want to kind of get that out is that I think it's important here where every gamer has a voice that we look at both the positive and the negative.
Because I think with Microsoft today, I'm definitely feeling both. There are some things I'm like really, really happy about.
There's some things where I'm not feeling so good about. And I think Microsoft, I don't know. I don't know.
But let's start with this. What about that name? Xbox One X. Loki?
I think it's just confusing. I mean, especially to me, being that it's just one letter off from the Xbox One S, both the S and X sound kind of similar.
And you're talking about, let's just say, the everyday mom and pop going in and buying their son or daughter a system.
And the systems look identical. It's going to be confusing aside from the price point and someone explaining to them what the difference is.
I thought Bobby had a hilarious comparison at the opening of his show tonight. Bobby Black Wolf, our pal here at VOG, had mentioned it was like the Tesla models.
You have a Tesla Model S and a Tesla Model X. And it's really funny because you kind of have the same thing going on with the Xboxes at this point.
I just thought that was funny. You're right. S and X sound. Now we just need an Xbox One E.
But you know what? We have the elite controllers. There you go. Sex.
Dark Sakura? I don't know. You probably didn't...
I don't see how someone would make that error when asking for one.
These are the same people, though, that confuse the Wii U for an accessory for the Wii. So I'm giving them no benefit.
As I was saying, I think, though, that the average person is going to go in with at least staff working there that will say, what do you mean, this or this?
And show them the difference. That's what they're trained to do.
Although I do think the S and X is a little confusing, I actually don't hate the name. I think it's fine.
Because what I like about it is that unlike Wii, see, there's a big difference here between Wii U and Wii and Xbox X and Xbox S, is that the Xbox One is meant to be one ecosystem.
Wii and Wii U were separate things. I mean, yes, the Wii U played Wii games, but we all know that was kind of a struggle for Nintendo throughout the life of the Wii U.
But let me get away from Nintendo because this isn't about them.
But the Xbox One S and Xbox One X, the thing that I like about that is that it kind of emphasizes that it's one ecosystem.
So it's like you can go with the S model that does, it plays the games, but it's, you know, it's only 1080 and da-da-da-da-da.
Or you can go with the X that's going to be more expensive, but it does 4K and da-da-da-da.
So the thing I like about it is that it does emphasize it's still one ecosystem.
Because I still think there's some people out there that for some reason didn't get the memo when Microsoft said,
all of these games that come out on, using my quoted fingers, Scorpio, are going to work on Xbox One.
This is not a new system. It is a new way to play the games that are already out there. Loki?
I don't buy that. You know why I don't buy that? Because history has shown otherwise.
You have like a company like Nintendo, for example, that they'll have games like that be like on the 3DS or the new 3DS or something like that.
And all of a sudden it's like, oh yeah, I'll play both these games. And then, oh wait, no, now it's only exclusive to this platform.
I see in a couple years, to be fair, that was like two games for Nintendo.
But I see in a couple years easily that they'll go back on that word.
And I'm not saying that, I'm not blaming Microsoft at all. Sony will do the same shit.
So both of them are going to go back on that and they're going to only, because they got to keep pushing that graphic fidelity and they're going to keep doing it.
But isn't that kind of what we expect though?
But then don't fucking come out and lie about it then. I mean, I understand right now they will do that.
I mean, whatever. I mean, they have to push both platforms. So obviously they're going to say that it's going to always do that.
But I don't believe in always.
Speaking of Sony, did you catch the little dig at them with the whole, and this does 4K Blu-ray?
Yeah, and I'm, they should. Because there's no reason their system should not do that.
Okay, alright, fair enough. So, let me ask you this. Were you sold on an Xbox One X, why or why not?
And I opened this up to chat too, because I want to see some of your comments. Were you sold on an Xbox One X today, why or why not?
No, I'm not. Because I have a PC that can run PC games. And guess what?
Every year it's like, what exclusive games are you going to have for this system that's going to sell this system for me?
And guess what? All of those games are on PC. So why am I going to drop, with a $4.99, which was the price point for it,
why am I going to drop $4.99 for this when I have a PC that can run these games?
There's no reason for me to do that. I don't own a 4K TV. No reason for me to invest $500 in that and not have a TV to play it on.
Yeah, oh yeah, it enhances 1080p games. But you know what? Who cares? I have a 1080p screen on my computer and I'm fine with just playing with that.
I don't need to play it 4K, but also like Crackdown, which is a game I'm looking forward to, it's not going to sell me the system because I can play that on my PC.
Some comments in chat. YYR says, if the price was $3.99, I would have grabbed it day one. At $4.99, I might wait.
DCB Needle Crash says, I'm not really sold on it. 4K 60 frames a second can be achieved on PC. I have a PC that can do it, minus the 4K monitors.
Zeba says, I was sold on it, but then they said the price, it's too much in my opinion. JD says, simply no because I don't buy Xboxes.
Dark Soccer, I know you didn't get to see, or at least I don't think you saw the Microsoft thing today because you were doing other errands, but your household doesn't have an Xbox One at all, right?
Nope, but it's not going to.
So this didn't sell you on it?
No.
Because I would think that maybe for people who waited and don't have an Xbox yet, maybe the Xbox One X could be that thing.
It might be. I think it needs to come down to price. I think the price point's too high.
Well, I mean, in answering your question, I have a PC. I have a Mac. I have a Linux computer. I have so many choices on what to play my games on that none of that matters to me.
I have a PS4. I have a Wii U. I don't care about the Switch yet, except I kind of want to play ARMS, but that's about it.
It's slowly winning you. Nintendo's thing Tuesday night.
Well, it wasn't that there was anything to win. I was just indifferent, you know, and I'm still a little indifferent. I have Therians I could play theirs, but I don't see anything that's making it worth me putting a fiscal consideration into it. Does that make sense? It's not worth the money yet.
To piggyback on that, because I definitely have a thought that's similar to you guys, is that I think probably the biggest minus I can put in Microsoft.
Well, here, I'm going to give you a big plus, and I'm going to give you a big minus right after the fact from Microsoft's thing today.
The big plus was I was not expecting to be sold on 4K gaming because I don't have a 4K television yet.
But when they were showing Forza, when they were showing Anthem, and some of those games they were showing today, I was like, fuck, these games are gorgeous, even though I'm watching it on a 1080p downgrade.
I'm like, I can only imagine what this would probably look like on an actual 4K TV. So, I would say, in a way, Microsoft really made me fucking pay attention to 4K gaming today.
I was going into it thinking, it's too soon. It's way too soon for 4K gaming. Microsoft's going to shoot themselves in the foot with this.
That's what they should do if they're smart. If they're smart, come holiday, when this is out, and they have all those retail set ups running these really nice 4K TVs, partner with a company that manufactures those to knock off some of the price of the system.
Or one of those specialty stores in Best Buy or something.
Yeah, like a Best Buy. So, I'm saying that knocks off the price of the system like 100 bucks or something like that if you purchase a 4K TV, because that's going to not only sell the 4K TV, but that'll sell the system.
Did you want to jump in here before I get to my negative? Oh, I thought you were trying to say something.
No, I'm just sitting here thinking, I have a 4K TV. I've played games on a 4K, actually on a 5K Retina Mac. I think that it would be pretty, but I was just thinking about first person shooters and how nauseous I would get.
Too much overload.
I got really nauseous playing.
At some point, I know you're a BioWare fangirl, I really want to get your take on the Anthem footage at some point.
I'd have to take time to watch it.
I know, I know. It doesn't take that long.
I'll be honest, I didn't care to look at it, because I'm still kind of peeved over what they did with Mass Effect Andromeda.
They sold Mass Effect up the river to make Anthem.
We know why Mass Effect Andromeda is the way it is now, because of what they did with this game.
I would have rather that the tension went to Mass Effect Andromeda. So I'm a little bitter and I don't care.
Well, I think in some way you should watch it so you can have a little more basis on what you're going back and forth on, but that's just my opinion.
Because Anthem was third person, so I feel like it might not be as bad for a lot of those things.
With Anthem, and I guess I'm getting a little ahead of myself, we didn't see story from Anthem.
When it comes to BioWare, a lot of us think of story.
When Alan was watching it with me, he kind of made that point.
With BioWare, I expect story. This is giving me none of that.
But for me, when I was watching that gameplay, I was like, this is hot.
This is Mass Effect multiplayer, which I love, but in a huge world.
So I'm like, I could get down with this, but I want to see more.
But anyway, I'm digressing a little bit. So I gave my positive, or my plus.
My plus is, Microsoft convinced me 4K gaming could be the future today.
Here's the negative. I was not convinced I need an Xbox One X to do it.
Because walking away from my TV or whatever, leaving that press conference, I was like, I need to upgrade my computer.
I need to upgrade my computer from what it is now to be able to support 4K gaming, which is something I was already on the fence with.
But every single one of those things they showed today, they were saying it was Windows 10 as well as the Xbox.
So there's nothing that is specific to consoles. It is only the Xbox ecosystem, if you will.
Yeah, it's really just third parties. I don't know.
I mean, that's even what it was like last year.
And let's just step back for a second here.
Microsoft really overuses the word exclusive for stuff that's not quite exclusive.
I mean, eh.
It's more like they had an exclusive trailer for a game that's coming to multiple systems.
It's like World Premiere. It's like, dude, what the fuck is this shit?
I mean, like, I get it. You're trying to say you have all these exclusive titles, but they're not really exclusive.
They're like, it's out first on Xbox, or we have the console exclusive for this game that's been out on PC already, or I don't know.
They're overusing it.
I want to go from some comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Some people commenting on Anthem. Ziba says, Anthem looks beautiful.
Bobby Blackwell says, I'm glad the attention went to a new IP.
We keep crying for new IPs, but then we bitch when they make new IPs.
And then, let's see, other comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw says, BioWare's A-Team was spending more time on Anthem than they were with Mass Effect Andromeda.
Yeah, and that's, I mean, I can understand why as a Mass Effect fan that can be a little bit of a, wow, I got screwed in this equation.
I'm watching this gameplay and it's just pissing me off.
But even like...
I'm sorry, I'm not understanding. Why? Why is it pissing you off?
Because I would have rather the attention go into Mass Effect. Mass Effect could have been this.
But here's the thing though, like Mass Effect never drew me into it. This looks awesome. Like this I'd want to play.
So interesting. Interesting. I don't know. I mean, it's just, this is one of those cases where everybody has different opinions. I don't know.
All right. SSG100Matt in chat says, each segment on OLR should have the exclusive tag before it starts.
Windows 10 and Xbox One exclusive.
I've heard some, I've heard some podcasts that do it and it gets old, trust me.
And Square, I mean Square Enix, come on. What is up with episodic everything, dude? Like the Life is Strange prequels episode, episodic thing. I mean, that's kind of annoying.
It's probably a full game.
Well, but yeah, but some people, I mean, that was the highlight of the whole day in convention or the whole dang show for some people was the fact that they're doing that prequel to Life is Strange.
I don't know.
Here's the other thing too, is that people are comparing it to Destiny and I don't like Destiny.
I don't think, I wasn't getting the Destiny vibe from it. I'm just not, somebody like two weeks ago said it was going to be BioWare's Destiny and one of those things.
And now everybody is saying it's BioWare's Destiny. And I'm like, I didn't get that read from, because Destiny reminds me of Halo.
It doesn't remind me of, of what I saw, but that's me.
I also hate Halo.
But I'm saying Anthem looks nothing like it to me.
Now that we've, we've had time to digest some of the footage from Anthem, how the fuck am I going to fuck people in that suit is what I want to know.
I mean, like, is it built for that? I mean, is that even a thing? I can't figure out how that's going to work.
No, no, no. In Anthem, in Anthem's suit, fuck you.
Am I going to like get a flying start in somebody? I mean, like, how's that going to work?
They've got a flashlight built in or, you know, the reverse for ladies.
All right. Tiger Claw says Anthem was giving me an Iron Man vibe because of the armor with the jetpack.
It looked pretty cool. Now, in some of the other stuff that they're showing off, Sea of Thieves spent way too much time on that shit.
Spent way too much time on Sea of Thieves. But I mean, it looked, you know, Rare is one of their people that's pumping them new IPs.
And so that's cool. And there were things about the game that I liked, but you know, okay, here's the thing with Sea of Thieves.
What they showed at the press conference, I was like, okay, whatever. And then I'm like, wow, this is going on a long time.
Still going, still going. It's trying to be self-referential and cute and have that Rare wit. Okay, whatever.
But here's the thing. After the conference was over, if you went back onto Mixer on their Xbox channel,
they were doing some type of Sea of Thieves reveal or, you know, first look.
And they were using that Mixer thing that actually had four people playing it at once for the developers.
And they were just playing the game for real and talking to each other. And I was like, this sells me more on the game than what they showed in that thing that they showed on stage.
And it also is selling the benefits of Mixer. Missed opportunity, in my opinion.
And also, I'd rather see, I mean, don't get me wrong, the cheesy pirate dialogue was kind of funny for the little trailer.
The year before was really cringey with the fake, you know, chit chat stuff.
I'd rather see, like, developers just kind of talking about their game and just idly chit chatting and stuff over it instead of all this fake bullshit that they added in there.
And to be fair, Anthem had that shit too. I mean, they had the fake chit chat over, you know, for multiplayer that kind of annoyed me.
Terry Crews and Crackdown. I'm on board. I was on board Crackdown already. Terry Crews added to it. Yes, I'll buy it twice.
Yeah, that whole reveal was pretty good. And it's got such a Tron look to it, which, you know, I live for.
I'm a little worried because I don't see all that destruction that was promised before. Remember, the cloud was going to make all this destruction happen or something like that.
I'd not seen that in the trailer anymore. So, I don't know if that's been omitted from it or not, because it was quite brief, aside from Terry Crews being there, which I'm fine with.
I don't know. Or if that's still going to be like online only, because they were saying that online was going to have that originally.
Bummer that that means he was probably too busy to do Doomfist for all the people that were hoping for that on the Blizzard front, is that now he's in Crackdown 3.
But at least he got in a video game somewhere.
I don't think he was. It's just voice.
That's true. That's true. Voice actors can do lots and lots of games. And it missed our show tonight, but somebody posted a thing on my Facebook that says that with that whole strike thing, they are going back to the table for more talks.
So that's a good thing that maybe there's going to be resolution on that whole front while E3 is going on. But anyway, I digress.
Yes, I was excited about Crackdown 3 as well. I was almost surprised that that didn't get as much time as some of the other things they spent a lot of time on.
For me, they spent way too much time on that Shadows of War. Was that what it's called? The Shadows of Mordor game, basically.
It looks cool. I like the way they spent a long time.
But they spent way too much time on something that's not an exclusive.
Well, they did the same thing with Ubisoft's Assassin's Creed Origins.
Yeah, that's true.
With my UAV Hawk.
See, I'm not usually into Assassin's Creed games. I'm not. But I was excited to see that. That in particular was a good little feature that they did because it finally allowed me to see this is what actual gameplay looks like in 4K.
Or at least in the alpha footage because we all know that sometimes games don't look like what they look like on the E3 stage.
But at least it still gives you a sense like this is what the game is intended to actually look like when you're playing it. And we were getting that from Assassin's Creed.
And remember my hope out of E3 was those wow moments like, wow, you know, I was not expecting this. Metro Exodus, I think, was that wow moment for me because I wasn't really familiar with Metro until I had the review last light.
And so I got to play through it and I really liked it. I know you hate kind of like a lot of the first person shooters, but this is more of like a story driven first person shooter.
I'd say it's more like a Bioshock or like actually Bioshock is pretty good.
I don't I don't hate all the first person shooters, but I'm not a big fan of jump scares. And doesn't this game kind of use a lot of those?
It's not so bad. It's just like, I mean, Bioshock does the same thing. It's kind of similar to that. It's got it's not entirely jump scares. There are some of those.
It looked nice for what it was. I mean, I'm not I'm not going to lie. You know, I you know, and it's like I said, I I don't like to always take the cynical gamer perspective.
Yes, there are some things I get irritated about, but I feel like I can sit there and go like with Assassin's Creed, I can sit there and go, you know, I'm probably not going to buy this game.
This is usually a series I get into, but this looks nice. And I bet some people are really into this. And this is a good thing for Microsoft right now.
So, you know, I and that's I had a similar take with the Metro as I was like, OK, for people that are into this, this looks really hot in 4K.
But I don't know if this will be something I buy day one, but you never know. Sometimes I find new things I don't expect I'm going to buy.
Now, one of the things that they didn't spend a whole lot of time on was talking about some of those in Xbox indie stuff like the idea of Xbox games.
That went way too fast for me. I was really upset with that because there was stuff in there I wanted to know more about. There was a freaking Fable card game in there.
And I was like, what? Yeah. Is that like Hearthstone?
Yeah, that's supposed to be coming out soon. The last night was that one that was all kind of Sprite is the whole, you know, was it Cyberpunk Sprite looking game?
Mm hmm. That looks pretty similar.
Something Devolver Digital would have usually be putting out. But yeah, I got it. Yeah, that was interesting.
Let's see. Oh, oh, I got to mention one that got me excited. The sequel to Ori. Because Ori and the Blind Forest, beautiful game.
It's Metroid-esque, but I hate calling it that because it makes you think it's Metroid. It's not, but it's, you know, that whole type of like type of game.
But Ori is beautiful. If you haven't played it, you know, give it a shot. I must confess, I haven't beaten it, but I've spent a good chunk of time with it and I really enjoy it.
So when they announced the sequel, which I think had been leaked a couple days prior, I was really excited to hear that they are continuing on with it.
And that they kind of featured it as much as they did. Usually games like that for Microsoft are kind of a, oh, and this too, that's it.
You know, kind of like what they did with Cuphead. But people were pointing out to me that Cuphead, they've been teasing for years.
And now finally, so I kind of get it in that regard. But like when I was seeing the Cuphead footage, I was like, fuck, this game looks hot.
I am so looking forward to Cuphead.
And don't let them confuse you into believing that you can only get that shit on the Windows 10 store. It's on fucking Steam. Do not buy it on the Windows 10 store.
Don't buy anything on the Windows 10 store if you can avoid it.
Well, to be fair, didn't they say it was Xbox Anywhere? So if you bought it on the Windows 10 store, you would also have the Xbox One version.
So that might sell some people on it. Some people may not care about that. But see, for me, I'm sorry, I find that Steam isn't going to put it on a console for me.
Except my Steam Box. But that thing, those Steam Boxes don't wear well. They don't. They don't handle well. Anyway.
Okay, so let's see. Going to, just a couple other things I want to point out.
Okay, this is one that got a lot of people going, ooh, Minecraft. Because one of the things they announced is that Minecraft is going to 4K.
And of course, Twitter, when I think 4K, I think of Minecraft. I have to admit, I liked what they show. I mean, it didn't make me go like, oh my god.
But I was like, neat, it's a free update. And these graphics, yeah, they look cool. For keeping the Minecraft aesthetic. I was so happy with it.
I've been saying that they should be doing some of the custom shaders that they have out there and stuff.
Because I was like, well, they've got all this power that's in these consoles. You can't tell me that they can't upgrade the way Minecraft looks.
I get it, you keep everything looking blocky as it is. But there's still some pretty nice shaders out there, like Sonic Ether's unbelievable shaders.
And they have a lot of other ones that are kind of similar type stuff, where they change the quality of the water.
And they change some of the foliage and the lighting and everything. And it kind of looks like that's what this is.
Except the ones that have been out for several years still look better than this.
So you're basically saying modders did it better.
Modders did it better already, and I'm like, come on. It's only a little bit more that they gotta push it to make it look nice.
And it's alright, I guess, but it could be just so much better with just a tiny bit more effort put in.
But to be fair, the other thing they announced, I know you're a little more hyped about, and that's the fact that now there's going to be cross-play on everything, basically.
Yeah, they were talking about that before, how they were going to do that. And before it was just Android, iOS, and VR, and the Windows 10 version, which I think works right now.
But now it's also going to include the Xbox One, I'm assuming the Switch.
And I don't know if the Xbox 360 is going to do it as well, but I know the Xbox One. I think it's all the newer gen ones, because I don't think the Wii U...
But not PlayStation 4.
No, not PlayStation 4, because...
They couldn't work it out. But obviously there's a Sony-Microsoft conflict there.
But I'm sorry, but that was somewhat powerful to me, to see a Nintendo Switch of sorts at Microsoft's conference.
I give them props for that.
That was very interesting to me, to see that.
It is. And that's more power to it.
And for those who don't know what I'm referring to, it wasn't the device itself, but it was a mock-up one made out of blocks. There was no mistake, it was a Nintendo Switch with the blue and red controllers in the Minecraft world.
And for a company to show even a picture of another company's product like that, I thought was kind of a big deal.
And they basically said they have the marketplace coming, which is supposed to be mod-supporting, so it's user-created skins and tile packs that they're going to have.
The thing I don't necessarily like about it, I guess it's alright, but they can sell skins, so they don't have to necessarily be free, so you can buy that.
So you can say, oh, they're going to add microtransactions to it, but then again they have skins that are being sold now that they sell from Microsoft, so I guess it's not a huge deal.
But the fact that they're doing the cross-platform play is pretty awesome. They're doing the Realm stuff, which they're going to basically allow you to have your own server that can work across all these different platforms, which is pretty cool.
I wish they had free options for that, but whatever, I guess that's the limitations you have with this process. So that's all good stuff.
Stoppy in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I wonder if that's a sign that they are cutting PlayStation 4 support completely. That's it.
No, I don't think that they're cutting support for the PlayStation 4. I think it's just Sony is just not playing nice.
So there could be a thing with PlayStation Network and that whole thing.
It's not surprising. I think it's more like the Nintendo Switch is surprising, whereas the PlayStation is not. Does that make sense?
I would have fully expected that it's only Windows 10 to Xbox to tablets and that's it. The fact that Nintendo is involved is a surprise in a way. Anyway.
And then of course the console. But I think it's pretty awesome. Oh, and VR, but that's such a small portion of it.
Well, let's just hit on a couple other quick things, and then I do want to move on for the sake of time. We still have a lot of news that didn't even come out from these conferences.
But there are a couple of big things at the conference I want to touch on. One of them, you just mentioned a little bit, VR, or in this case, lack thereof.
Surprised at all that Microsoft did not touch VR, AR, any of it.
I don't think it's ready yet, which is weird. I don't know. Maybe that's a tough thing right there, because if they're talking all this one ecosystem thing, are they going to be able to push that?
If they were going to put out VR for Xbox One, I don't think they have really enough yet to show for that.
That's why I think they're taking the safe route with 4K gaming, because at least they know 4K is kind of a technology that's being adopted a little bit quicker than say VR right now or VR AR.
So it's probably more of a safe bet. Not that they'll say they can't do that later on with the power that they have in the Xbox One X, but it's probably a little bit too early to show off anything, or too much of a gamble.
Yeah. Well, maybe, especially since the hardware they're pushing this year is Xbox One X, they really wanted to say, you need 4K games, and they just wanted to focus on that message today.
And I don't fault them for that. If the HoloLens concept or whatever isn't ready for consumers, then it's not the time to show it. Let that bake another year, that's fine.
Really, when you think about it, with VR and what they probably would implement, they don't have a camera really. It's going to be weird if they said, oh yeah, we're going to have you buy a camera, connect, and then it would work with this VR headset.
And that just seems weird. I know that they have tech now that actually uses the actual headset as the camera to read the room and everything, but I think it's just too early for them to announce anything.
And like I said, this is probably the safer route to go.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundry Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, taxi.
And one more thing I'll mention about this conference, then we're going to move on to our gaming weeks, but I think this was the thing that nobody thought would be announced, and was kind of the big surprise, original Xbox compatibility.
And it's funny because we're coming off of this whole, oh, Alan's here and he brought me a frappuccino, what a nice boy, thank you so much.
Wow, so this is vanilla with a thank you. That was worth interrupting the show for. Thank you, Alan, I really appreciate that.
Okay, did you bring enough for the whole class? I'm just kidding. Alright, sorry guys.
Alright, anyway, so Xbox original system compatibility. I don't think anybody was expecting that, but very interesting the fact that it's the same week that there's been a lot in the news, you know, ours, or one of those, was it ours?
Yeah, ours said it.
Did their own type of investigation and Microsoft's really kind of pushed back and said, you're wrong, basically without being so harsh about it, they're just basically saying the way you analyze this was not right.
I would probably trust a platform holder that can actually see those statistics versus like an independent.
Well, here it is, all that talk at the end of the day, Microsoft believed in it enough to double down on it by saying, and now here is original Xbox support.
That to me is much more powerful than the he said, she said of the numbers game.
Exactly. I mean, like, think about it. That's like, that's definitely uncalled for. No one really expected that or even necessarily was demanding that it was just something that, Hey, we can do this.
So, but that being said, will you, you, well, you don't own an Xbox one, so I guess maybe you're the wrong person. Would this mean that Xbox games could work on PC? I guess not. Cause I know I'm still don't, I would be awesome, but no, I, I, I'm curious to see what games they support.
I still have most of my games from original Xbox, like halo one and halo two, uh, DDR universe. Although what I expect is going to happen is that, and this sounds silly, but I expect it's going to be the Xbox emulator on 360 emulated through Xbox 360 emulation emulator of an emulator.
I mean, why not? That makes sense, right? Couldn't Microsoft just do that?
I don't know if that would be the way they do that. Maybe they have a better way of doing it now. Um, the other thing I was going to mention too, one of the caveats of that is, um, they were saying that with that system link is going to be working across all three generations.
So like, say you wanted to bring out your Xbox one with halo two running on it, you can play that against an original Xbox. Oh, snap. That's pretty cool. Yeah. So that's pretty neat. Wow. That's great.
That's great. So, so go, well, that's because I guess the architecture of Xbox live hasn't changed drastically since the original Xbox. Well, yeah, it's all system link is without Xbox live as well.
So, I mean, it's probably, it kind of makes sense that it would work. Crackdown was one of those games that support system link. Well, that's great. I hope, I hope even the, the streaming stuff works with the original Xbox games and all the stuff they built into 360 games.
That would be rad, especially for a retro game fan like me. I'm really excited about that. All right, so there you go. So, so overall, uh, the Microsoft stuff, how are you guys feeling? Anything you guys want to say further to kind of wrap up this Microsoft thing?
I think, I mean, I'm just getting a little tired of all the zombie games. Honestly, it was stated the cage. It felt like, you know, especially in the beginning it was like, Oh, Hey, it's arena game. Oh, Hey, it's a zombie game up now. Another arena game.
It's like, dude, let's show some different types of games. That was a little bit tiresome. I think there's a lot of titles that they showed that I'm just not interested in, but there were a few that were interesting.
Sadly enough though, and as I've been saying for the last few years, they haven't shown me anything that wants, that's convinced me to buy their console. And yeah, I guess I have a copy of windows 10, so there's a win for them.
But dude, it's kind of like my only option, you know, if I want to experience most of the stuff that's out there. So I wouldn't exactly call that a win means cause it's kind of a requirement.
But on top of that, it's just, I don't know. I mean, that's the thing is like, what's selling me on this. If I have a PC that can run it, nothing. So who's the, if you're like trying to sell an enthusiast on this, who is really the target audience for this?
I don't know for, yeah, uh, for me, the big winner today was PC gaming was the big winner today. Uh, and I was, I guess I am more ready for 4k gaming than I thought I was. Um, and I look forward to playing a lot of those games that were shown on my PC.
I guess, you know, that's the weird, that's the weird place.
If you don't have a high end PC and you really don't want to drop, like it's probably gonna be over a thousand dollars for one, then it's not a bad option if you already have a 4k TV to drop $499 for it. So I could see that as a plus if you don't have a PC that can run that stuff. But if you do, there's probably not really anything for you there.
And YYR in chat kind of reemphasizing that saying, please remind yourselves of this fact, most gamers do not have gaming PCs. So that's, that's who the Xbox one X is ultimately for at the end of the day. But for us, I guess here as gamers, we're not feeling that because we, most of us do run computer rigs.
Well, and then on top of that though, if you do not have a 4k TV and you're not really looking to spend the money on one, I mean, they did just drop the price of the Xbox one at least this week is going to be $50 cheaper. So that might be something to consider or wait until holiday, uh, when those games come out and wait for the deals. I bet you anything they're going to have a bundle with a crackdown at some point. So just wait.
All right. Well, let's get into the video games that we have been playing this week with how was your gaming week? Uh, believe it or not, we still have a lot of other news to get into and we will get to those. We're going to try to fit in your calls tonight as well at orange lounge radio on Skype a little later in the show.
But again, we do have to end at nine o'clock due to other E3 events going on, but we do, of course we have to talk about our gaming weeks. There's still stuff we're playing dark soccer.
Um, Shane owned me the nonary games, so I didn't get a chance to start them yet, but it's ready to go. I've been busy weekend. Um, I started, I actually played a little world before craft, uh, play the usual stuff on the phone.
I also, out of just morbid curiosity, downloaded dragon ball online and, um, it, it makes me think a lot of, um, the second iteration of, um, Ragnarok online, kind of that same feel. Um, the game, the English version anyway is very unfinished.
Um, I mean the game is there, but like several whole quests are still in Korean. So it wasn't even developed by a Japanese company. It's, it's all in Korean. Um, and then some that's in English and like it's poorly translated English at that. So I don't know. It's, it's kind of neat. It's novel, but I'm probably not going to play any more of it. Um, but that's really the only thing new and notable on my list.
All right. Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton. I played a little bit of grand theft out of five. Just kind of mess around with that. I did play this game though that I saw, I think it was out of a game jam that someone created and he had linked it on Twitter. It's a game called Baba is you. And what it was, it's a very simple.
Oh, the Babadook is very in right now. I don't know if you know about this.
The what?
The Babadook is
It's officially, um, an icon.
The LGBT icon of 2017, the Babadook.
Babaslay.
Yes. I am Babashook, honey.
Yes.
Okay. Well, I don't understand what the hell you're talking about right now.
That's fair. Okay.
Work Baba.
Okay. For those, for those that don't understand, there is a horror film called Babadook and Netflix in its glory of categorizing things on Netflix accidentally put this movie in LGBT films this week.
So now this is this huge meme is that the Babadook, which is, you know, a killer monster thing that kind of looks like, I don't know, is this huge LGBT icon.
And already there's been, there were some parades, I think in Washington, DC, there's Babadooks in the parade.
Somebody went to the drag race finale that was taped.
One of the, like one of the, not one of the drag queens on the show, but somebody went dressed as the Babadook.
So this is the hot new LGBT sensation for 2017 is the Babadook.
So it's getting to say the word Babadook.
Okay.
This has nothing to do with that.
Sadly.
So Baba is You is basically, it's a puzzle game.
So the point of the game is to get to the win condition in there.
So a lot of it is, and what's fun is it's kind of like programming.
So in, within the game screen itself, they'll have, you know, little phrases.
So Baba is You, and then they'll have like flag is win, brick is stop, that type of stuff.
And so you have to get through these mazes by not only manipulating, you know, where you're going, but by also manipulating these conditions in there by pushing stuff around.
So like, for example, you could push, you know, brick into is you, and then you become all the bricks on the map.
Or, you know, you could put like that touching the fire, which would normally kill you, is win.
And so all of a sudden touching the fire is the win condition in the game.
And so it's kind of clever in that sense that you have to keep moving stuff around.
And so I enjoyed it. It was like 12 levels that the guy made for this game jam and finished in about like 30 minutes.
But it's fun.
That's a fun concept.
That's a pretty cool concept. So go check it out. Baba is You. I think it's on itch.io. So go search for it and it's free.
So why not? And then what else they play?
Honestly, that's it. I've been thinking about things like to do for like streaming because since everybody's getting on that stream, streaming train.
So one of the concepts I came up with was, you know, I like the Elder Scrolls Skyrim.
So I wanted to do, you know, just kind of like, you know, mod rim.
So basically it would be a Skyrim game with some really terrible mods, like I'd randomly pick like 100 terrible mods.
And then from that, I'd start off with like, you know, say 25 of them enabled and it would be at random and then keep adding to it each time until the game just breaks.
OK, I like that. There are modern shows on Twitch, but I like your concept. I do just say it would be stranger and stranger each time.
That's the whole point.
That's good. I feel like now I need a concept because everybody else, you know, Bobby wants to do this whole more VR streaming thing.
You want to do your mod thing. And I feel like I need an angle.
I just think, I don't know. I couldn't think of anything interesting.
That's good.
Other than if I could go back and play Grand Theft Auto 4 because I kicked ass at Grand Theft Auto 4.
Nobody's playing Grand Theft Auto 4, so who knows?
Come on. Come on a night like this in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says call it Loki's bad rim stream.
Bad rim stream?
There's a joke there. But anyway, all right.
Or I should see below that Loki's rim job.
Yes.
That's the joke.
Yep.
I like that Loki's rim job. I think you'd get a lot of, a lot of viewers.
But it doesn't really shout out mods.
OK, mod rim job.
I don't know.
Mod rim.
All right. Anyway.
OK, so my gaming week.
I actually, speaking of streaming, I had a great Overwatch stream last night at a lot of fun.
I was thinking on a Saturday night nobody would be watching, but I had a great stream last night on Overwatch, so that was a lot of fun.
Speaking of streaming, I will be focusing on, and I know not everybody's a fan of this, but this is a game I've been looking forward to for a very long time.
Stormblood, Final Fantasy XIV's newest expansion, launches on Friday, so I will be dedicating some serious hours to streaming Stormblood.
So those of you that kind of want to, you know, look at the game with me as I go through the story, I'll be doing a few hours on Friday and Saturday.
Obviously, with the OLR 15th next Sunday, it's going to be kind of busy, but I'm going to try to fit in, and then I go to Chicago on the Thursday next.
So, you know, I'm going to fit in as much as I can in that time, but I will be spending some serious hours on Stormblood.
But anyway, outside of that and streaming and everything, I did check out some new games this week.
Well, I guess this does tie back to streaming.
Sorry, but this is somebody else's stream.
Our pallet vog network, Flaco Jones, has been streaming a lot of Friday the 13th, and I watch enough of it because, you know, Flaco's a friend of mine.
I wanted to support him, and I was very happy he got affiliateship and all that, and he, you know, he does some funny stuff, an extrovert will join him sometimes.
He kind of got into playing a lot of the Friday the 13th game on PlayStation 4, and I was like, well, I think I might be sold on this, but I want to get it on PC because it seems like that's where everybody was at.
But it was seriously getting to the point where, like, he would be playing the game, and he'd be like, I wonder who's Jason, I wonder who's Jason.
I'd be like, push up, push up to see who Jason is, and that will show you.
He's like, I feel like, oh God, I'm backseat driving on a stream right now, which, you know, better me than a stranger, but still.
It got to the point where I was like, you know what, I just need to fucking buy this game.
And Flaco's birthday was over the weekend, and he was doing a birthday stream, and I was like, you know what, for Flaco's birthday, I'm going to buy a video game for myself.
How nice of you.
How nice of me.
So I bought Friday the 13th on PlayStation 4, but so I could play with Flaco and all of that, and why not?
It seems like pretty much, you know, the people I would play this with are on PlayStation 4.
So I finally bought the game on PlayStation 4.
I got in one round with him that night, and we, except I got killed first, because, and again, this was me being the backseat driver.
We all went for the car, and I'm like, never go for the car, because Jason is always at the car, because he knows everybody goes for the car.
And, but it was like, Xtavor had the keys, I had the gas, and Flaco had whatever else you need, the fuse or whatever else you need to get the car going.
So like, all three of us are running to the car, and since Xtavor and Flaco had played before, they got it ready to go, and I'm sitting there spilling gas all over the floor, because I can't do it, because I hadn't played the game before.
And then Jason shows up and murders me, and I'm like, and sure enough, we can't get the fucking car to start.
So, I mean, it was, I'm sure it was hilarious to watch, but that was frustrating.
But anyway, we will learn, and we will do better in the future with future games and so forth.
So there was that, but another game on PlayStation 4, I haven't really had a chance to do any streaming or talk about yet, but I did buy this game, and I've been playing it a little bit over the weekend.
Wipeout Omega Collection came out, and I was like, I like the Wipeout games.
I still don't have an F-Zero for this generation, so Wipeout is kind of my, well, Fast Racing Neo does this too, but Wipeout is my other little F-Zero substitute.
So if you didn't know, Wipeout Omega Collection is out on PlayStation 4, and it is a combination of the most recent two Wipeout games, although Wipeout on PlayStation 3 had like a full service expansion, so it's kind of three games.
I thought it was also like the Vita one as well.
It is. It's the Vita game, and then it's the two on PlayStation 3. And so it's that, but on PlayStation 4, and it's all kind of in one package, and just packaged as like one big game, sort of, even though there's like three different campaigns within it.
But I don't know what else to say. It's Wipeout, and it's pretty, and it's fast, and apparently it does like 4K and stuff on the Pro.
Since I have a PlayStation Pro, but I have an older TV, all I can say is that it's smooth. It's like butter. It's a very smooth, fast game, and it's fun. It's still Wipeout, so I'm enjoying playing that.
So I want to make more progress through some of the campaigns. I haven't even touched online or any of that stuff, but I was just happy to play some Wipeout.
So that was the other game I played this week, Wipeout Omega Collection.
Cool. All right. Housekeeping. So guess what? If you hadn't heard, even though we've been saying it a lot the past few weeks, but I know some folks are here tonight because of Z3 who haven't been listening in a while.
Next week, seven days from tonight, Orange Lounge Radio turns 15 years old. That's right, 15 years old. So our 15th anniversary show is next week.
And just stay tuned to social media throughout the week because we may be doing some special things throughout the week to kind of mark that 15 years old.
I would go so far as to say, again, the internet is a big place, but in 15 years, I have yet to find another. We will be the first gaming podcast to hit 15 years, consecutive years.
I'm not sure if any other show, any other podcast has hit 15 years. I'm not aware.
Well, podcasting has, but...
Yeah, and to be fair, to be fair, it started as a live internet show and then shifted into a podcast. So I realized there's some nuances there where I can't really say it's a 15 year old podcast because it's not.
But, you know, I still, I mean, are there a lot of internet shows out there that have been going for 15 years consecutively? No breaks.
So, you know, obviously a week here and a week there for holidays, but you guys know what I mean? Like, you know, we've been going for 15 years. So, yeah, so we're going to celebrate next week.
I'm not going to promise a big party or a celebration, but I will have Skype open a little longer next week. We're probably actually not going to be able to have it open too much tonight because of the Bethesda thing.
But next week, E3 wrap ups.
Well, yeah, but it'll be different cause we can kind of like solely focus on that and then we can move into, if you guys want to call, talk about OLR, talk about, you know, what the show has done for you or what you want to see from us in the next 15 years.
He, he, we can talk about that and that'll be fun. And Bobby and I have been talking behind the scenes about some things we want to do for VOG to that I think will be really good for the show's future and kind of like, you know, what'll, what'll happen in the next few years.
As more and more people are doing this video streaming thing, that's for sure. You know, where do we fit into that? So that'll be really exciting. So, yes, that is in seven days.
Also a long time OLR fan and, and she, she kind of comes out for the bigger shows. Misty is going to be here. Misty OLR will be here in studio.
I'm not sure of anybody else who says they will be here in person yet, but if you're interested in coming, if you're in the area, drop me a line and we can probably make that happen.
I should probably invite Gabe. I bet he would want to come for that episode cause he's put, he's, he's pushing again. I don't know if I'm supposed to talk about it, but I'm going to talk about it cause I didn't sign anything.
I'm getting a little, little preview of the release build of his game this week. So I know he's pushing that cause that's finally happening. So maybe he'll want to come talk about that now that that's about out.
So, all right. Anyhow, let's move on into some gaming news. Uh, you can always follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, facebook.com slash orange launch radio, but for now more news. Loki.
Yes. Uh, so they had this whole Pokemon Nintendo direct and they talked about, you know, some new stuff that's coming out and everyone's like, Oh shit, here comes the Pokemon game on the switch.
Well, yeah, it's a Pokemon game. I guess. Pokken tournament is heading to the switch. Pokken tournament deluxe. Woo. Five new fighters.
You know what? Okay. Here's the thing. You're not excited about that, but like act-deaf does a huge fan of Pokken. I know. And he's really excited about that. So this is kind of one of those things where it's like you're into it or you're not. You know what I mean?
No, Pokken tournament's fine. I'm just like, you know, we're adding five fighters for $60 basically.
But if you miss the Wii U as a lot of people did, and this is going to be your first Pokken game, then great. But I will say this for me, I did buy Pokken on the Wii U and I'm where you're at. I'm like, this isn't going to be enough for me to justify on the switch because I'm not that into Pokken, but cool for the people who are.
Yeah. So they've added five new players, as I mentioned. So they've got Dark Cry, Scizor, Empulim, Croagunk, and Decidueye. I probably butchered those.
They're also adding three versus three team battles ranked in group matches, and it's coming out on the switch on September 22nd.
Along with that, they're also launching some new 3DS Pokemon games. Pokemon Sun and Moon, they're getting the Ultra version. So Pokemon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
This sounds a little Black 2, White 2 to me. They haven't confirmed that that's the case, but that's the vibe I'm getting from these is that this is like Black 2, White 2.
Yeah. So they're saying that it's like an alternate storyline from the original and it's got some additional Pokemon as well. And those will be coming out on the 3DS.
November 17th, they're not coming out on the switch, which is kind of weird.
I'm thinking, though, that maybe they're going to announce something at E3.
No, no. I'm going to tell you right now, don't get your hopes up for that. Pokemon Company kind of does their own thing. Don't. If you're going into E3, go and they're going to wait and announce E3. Don't.
I mean, be pleasantly surprised if they do, but I'm telling you, not going to happen. Nintendo's only going for 30 minutes on Tuesday and this ain't there.
And you know what? That's okay. I mean, yeah, I think a lot of us had our hopes high because of this Pokemon Stars leak and all this stuff.
But the reality is, Pokemon tends to lag behind on the systems a little bit, at least for the mainline games.
This was true when the 3DS was well out on the market, doing fine, and yet they still released Black 2, White 2 on the DS.
But then again, the 3DS could play DS games, so it's also a little different. But I digress.
I don't think it's that big a deal that the Pokemon games did not skip to the switch. I think we all want to see it go there.
But they're going to have to go there eventually. Right now, Nintendo is pushing that new 2DS, or whatever they call it.
I can't remember the name of it anymore. But that thing, they are still pushing, so they need a game to kind of go with that.
So here you go. Among some other things, I mean, to be fair, there's other things in the DS universe that are happening as well.
So there you go. There's Pokemon still keeping that going.
And spoiler, you might want to just wait until holiday when they have a bundle with the new 2DS and that.
Oh, that's not a spoiler. That's inevitable. Come on. Alright. But okay, fine. I mean, that's fine.
I don't think there was any necessarily bad news in there.
No, it's just kind of disappointing. I mean, I'm not surprised.
Yeah. Alright, moving on. Let's talk about another game announcement from this week was the Mega Man Legacy Collection 2.
That's right. Mega Man Legacy Collection 2 is on its way out and it is going to be out on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
It's being released in August. It will be $20 and it contains Mega Man 7, 8, 9, and 10.
Mega Man 9 and 10, of course, a little bit newer. Those games were on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3
because that was kind of when Mega Man came back in its old 8-bit style. Remember those games, 9 and 10?
So that's a part of this. But of course, 7 and 8 were very different because they were not on the original NES.
They were on later systems. Well, 7 was on Super Nintendo and 8 was on PlayStation.
So these are all being packaged together into one thing. So that's kind of cool.
But it is starting to get very glaring that Capcom is omitting the Switch yet again.
And they did this with the Disney Afternoon Collection and now they're doing it again with the universe that people are most familiar with, with Mega Man.
Could it be because they're going to include all these games in their Netflix-style service and so it would be kind of stupid to sell it?
That's where my brain's going, is that maybe they are skipping the Switch because there's more money to be made on Virtual Console or perhaps the Netflix thing, whatever.
I mean, we still don't know what the hell the difference is, if there is one. I'm hoping we get some answers to that on Tuesday.
But again, I'm setting my bar at a very low level so that I don't get pissed off. And I suggest y'all do the same.
You know you're going to hear about Mario Odyssey. You know you're going to hear about Splatoon 2. Keep your bar low around there and you have a lot less room to get pissed off at something not being there.
Don't fucking expect Metroid. Don't expect F-Zero. Don't fucking do it because you're going to be mad. So why do that?
Just say, you know what, it's going to be 30 minutes of Super Mario Odyssey and then you're going to be happy with anything outside of that. Anything.
So, just a suggestion. But anyway, yeah, they are skipping Nintendo Switch and Nintendo 3DS. They're just saying, all Capcom's saying is, we're focusing on developing the game for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC.
There's no further information available on this subject at this time. So in other words, enough people are not complaining about it.
But, I mean, not that usually I'm one for Twitter campaigns, but I simply took the official Capcom announcement, did the quote tweet, and said, I'll buy it when it's on the Switch. And that's how I feel. I'll buy it when it's on the Switch.
Here's another thought to that. Could it be the cartridge prices? Because if you think about it, there's been a lot of games that'll come out for $19.99 on one platform and they're $39.99 on the Switch.
Eh, this isn't a cartridge release anyway. This is a digital release on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Is it only digital?
Umm, it's got to be. For 20 bucks, it's got to be. I would feel confident in saying yes, it's only digital.
Hmm.
So.
Alright. Well, I thought that might be enough.
No, it's fine.
Because there's been a lot of games that have come out.
You win some, you lose some. I think your virtual console thing is something that this one is not.
It's confusing. So it's either got to be, it's got to be one of two things. Either this is this Netflix-type service, or it's because it's getting a physical release and the cartridges are fucking expensive, which is sad, but.
Let me say this quickly. I don't want to dive too far down this Nintendo rabbit hole, because let's be real, by the time a lot of you are hearing this, we could have some answers on this. Or we may not, I don't know.
But here's my thing. I get the sense that Nintendo's online classics thing is focusing on two-player games and head-to-head games. Why?
Because that's the big new draw here for these games is that you're going to be able to play Dr. Mario live against somebody via the Nintendo network.
And that's going to be the big draw as two-player. Mega Man's not a two-player game.
I think that if there is a virtual console, virtual console is going to focus on things like GameCube and Wii games and things that are so new that they're not really appropriate for this other service.
My gut tells me that's where the line is going to be drawn. We are going to have a virtual console, but it's going to be for really newer stuff. Ten years old type stuff.
To that though, and this is a general question because I don't know the answer to this. I don't think Wii games are going to work on it.
Because the thing about it, it doesn't have motion control really. I mean, one controller sort of does, but it doesn't have the sensor bar and stuff like that that the Wii U has.
It has support for that. But the Switch doesn't have that.
Those controllers have to be able to accomplish something similar.
It's very limited I think, so I don't know. I don't know if it can.
So by the way, YYR is correcting me in chat and sent me a link to a PlayStation 4 boxed version of Mega Man Legacy Collection 2.
So there is a physical version of it, but it's digital only on Xbox One. Isn't that interesting?
So it's physical, but only on PlayStation 4.
Weird.
But I'm sure it's both. Come on. Sony's not going to be like, oh you have to buy a physical. No way. No way. They get more money when you buy a digital.
So it'll be okay. I stand corrected. Good job YYR.
Alright, moving on to other game stuff from this week. Dark Sakura.
Well, we had a little bit of a peek into the new Kingdom Hearts.
I think it's going to be interesting though that they're going to be doing more of the release information of it at D23.
Which for those who don't know, that's like the big Disney con that is going to be going on in July.
We'll have to have Victoria look into that for us.
I know. I'm like, now I'm going to have to see if our pal Victoria can do any reporting for VOG there on the scene.
Because she's all over that D23 stuff. She's a big cosplayer for all that.
But at any rate, we don't really have a whole lot on it except really huge bosses and a little bit of the gameplay.
But I think it's going, well that and of course Sora does finally look a little bit older.
But I think it's going to be interesting to find out what that more is, you know?
I like the trailer. What little bit they were showing. That was cool.
I mean, in one way it's unfortunate that it's not at E3 this year.
Which means winter 2018 at the earliest at this point.
I'm sorry, I mean like November, December 2018 at the earliest at this point.
Yeah, I think it's at 2018.
I ain't going to hold my breath on that.
But anyway, here's where I start to get nervous.
Not just for this game, but Final Fantasy 7 Remake and all this stuff.
So Microsoft is now starting to push this 4K gaming thing.
There's a very distinct possibility depending on what happens this holiday with that thing.
There's a distinct possibility PlayStation 5.
Don't roll your eyes too heavy because depending on what happens with this 4K thing, PlayStation 5 could be announced next year.
I would say 2019 at the latest at this point.
So if these games get delayed much longer, they're going to miss the fucking boat.
Or they're going to have to go back and be developed more for what now the current console is at this time.
And then we get stuck in a fucking loop like we've had with Final Fantasy 15.
The development was so fucking slow on that game, they ended up having to make it for the next generation.
Because they couldn't finish it for the PlayStation 3.
I did notice one thing in here that I super like, just re-reviewing this.
Yeah.
The combo attacks.
Mhm.
The combo attacks look really neat.
It did look like Goofy and Donald might be useful.
Well, other than using up all my damn potions or whatever.
Yes.
Yeah.
But no, it looks really nice.
Yeah. No, the trailer's great if you haven't seen it yet.
But that was kind of their apology for, this is what you get, this is our E3, this is all we're saying now.
Oops.
But, maybe it goes without saying that they didn't do that for Final Fantasy 7 Remake.
Dot, dot, dot.
But again, I'm gonna temper my expectations on that.
I don't expect to see that at Sony's thing tomorrow.
Yeah.
I don't.
Who knows though?
Yeah. Who knows?
Alright.
Moving on, Loki.
In the category of things that nobody asks for.
And like, I remember that they had put out some remake of this shit and, or like remaster or something.
On Steam, I believe it was.
Yeah, a steaming pile of something.
So, Bubsy, The Woolies Strike Back, the trailer out of nowhere, the sequel that nobody asks for is making its way out.
Hold up.
Why is everybody hating on Bubsy?
I remember that game on Play, I own that game.
It's Bubsy 3D, it's Bubsy 3D's fault really.
Fuck Bubsy 3D for a minute.
You know what? Sometimes there's stinker games in series, okay?
Here's the thing, I own the original Bubsy on PlayStation 1.
I don't remember it being as particularly garbage as you all are saying it is.
In fact, for its time, it was a fine platformer.
It was one of like the platformers on PlayStation.
Yes, they fucked it hard with Bubsy 3D, but that's not what they're doing here.
So, all I'm saying is that, like, where's this fake outrage at Bubsy coming from?
Because I remember there was a time when Bubsy was actually pretty good.
And if we're going back to that, then alright, cool, give it a chance.
I mean, yeah, Bubsy's been gone for a long, long time and, you know, but, I don't know.
It seems like it's not the end of, you know, it's not the most horrible time.
It's alright. I mean, I don't know.
Not a game I'm interested in, but hey.
Yeah, so it's coming out on PlayStation 4 and PC this fall,
and it's actually kind of weird that it's coming out by developer Alkalaid,
which, shit, that was a developer that was around a long time ago.
They were around in the 80s.
Well, they were apparently the original developer of Bubsy.
They made the fucking Test Drive series back in the day.
Yes, they did.
That was their big thing, was Test Drive.
They made a game that I loved that next time Dark Sakura's absent
and I have to do the Classic Game of the Week, I'm picking this one.
Alkalaid Comics was a game that I fucking loved on 64.
Alright, as long as it's not Halo.
We know better at this point, Jamie.
But Alkalaid Comics was actually, I think you would actually really approve of this.
It was a really cool title on the Commodore 64.
So, yeah, those are Alkalaid games I can get into.
But yeah, Bubsy is interesting that that's coming back.
Now some folks in chat, okay, Eric RPG in chat says,
Rob is lying to himself or forgot how bad it was.
I'm not lying to myself.
It is possible I forgot how bad it was.
But I don't remember it being, I mean, yes, Bubsy 3D was fucking terrible.
But I'm not talking about that one.
I'm talking about the original ones.
Anyway, it's not worth arguing.
You know what, I'm going to pick and choose my battles
and the Bubsy battle is not one I feel like fighting.
I just don't.
So I'm going to move on and talk about another game that maybe we're going to see.
Oh, sorry, real quick, I wanted to mention one other thing regarding Bubsy.
That's not the only game that's going to be coming back from Alkalaid.
They're actually playing and releasing several games.
Test Drive?
Sadly not.
Hardball, Slave Zero, Deadlock, Eradicator, and Redline.
I know Hardball and that's like the only one on that list I know.
No, Redline, I remember that too.
I don't think Test Drive is something they can bring back because Atari has that.
Yeah, they do, they do.
And they really shit on that franchise.
Anyway, moving on to CD Projekt Red.
They've been working on a game.
They did The Witcher 3, obviously, which people went crazy over.
It was a very well artistically done game.
They've been working on a new game since then called Cyberpunk 2077.
Well, interesting, they tweeted out an announcement this week that kind of surprised some people.
And they said is that they had some documents stolen which contain designs for the upcoming game Cyberpunk 2077.
And these individuals have sent them ransom notices saying a demand for ransom has been made.
Saying that if they don't comply the files are going to be released to the general public.
CD Projekt Red has come out and said we don't give in to demands so we're not doing it.
And we've contacted the appropriate legal authorities.
And they're basically saying the documents are old and unrepresentative of the current vision for the game.
So only look for information to come from us that talks about the current vision of the game.
And there's a couple ways you can kind of take this.
There has been some serious problems out there recently with hacking and ransom demands.
And probably the most famous or well known case right now is Netflix was hacked.
And ten episodes from the most recent season of Orange is the New Black, which started on Friday,
were leaked like three months ago on the internet because Netflix did not comply with the ransom demands.
There are thirteen episodes in the season but I guess ten were done at the time they stole them or whatever.
So they all got leaked. So a lot of people saw those ten episodes a long time ago.
They're only standard definition too I think.
If they hang out and CD your places on the web.
But there's other people that are looking at this going oh ha ha it's a cyberpunk thriller game hacker game.
This is all a big, what do you fucking call those meta games?
No it's not ARG.
No ARG that's it. This is all big ARG and this is all to build hype for the game.
Here's the thing. In most cases I would think that would be pretty clever.
However CD Projekt specifically says in this announcement.
The documents are old and largely unrepresentative of the current vision of the game.
If this was all a gag to get you to look at what is released.
They would not be distancing themselves from the material like that.
To me that's what proves that this is something where unfortunately CD Projekt Red has found themselves in a Netflix like scenario.
But in my opinion good on them for not paying the people holding this ransom.
That's pretty fucking terrible in the day and age that we live in and just shows how important cyber security is.
Because people don't rob banks anymore.
They break into computers and then demand for ransom. That's what it is right?
So it sucks.
Dungeon Buster says ransomware is just getting worse. Unfortunately everyone wants bitcoins.
Boom. There you go.
Alright let's move on. Hopefully something a little more positive. DarkSakura?
Well one thing I am super excited about.
I'm sure that some of our people listening watched the Apple keynote from the developers conference.
Yeah it almost seems like a lifetime ago at this point. But yeah that was just this past week.
Yeah and honestly enough I was seriously more interested in a lot of that than what was going on in E3.
Because the big thing that stuck out to me and I actually had never considered that it would happen.
Is that they're working on VR for Mac OS.
They've already got developer kits going out for VR along with the kits going for $599.
And on the new operating system there's going to be support for external GPUs.
So this is going to be really good for developers.
And then on top of that we had the AR demo during the keynote.
Which was pretty fun. I mean watching people fall off the end of a table was kind of silly.
But then you know there's Metal 2 coming out.
All these systems are coming with much better graphics processors. Much better graphic cards.
And it just makes me think that I think gaming. People say I don't know who plays games on the Mac.
But I think it's really going to end up being a major contender down the line.
Well everybody. Well I shouldn't say everybody because some people own Android.
But a lot of people play games on Apple because of iPhone and iOS and that whole thing.
Games look really good.
I think everybody's kind of been sitting here going we're just waiting for Apple to kind of break the seal.
Like you know they started to kind of go there with Apple TV but they didn't really go all in for me.
But now you're right. When we're seeing some of this VR stuff it's starting to go okay.
So Apple is starting to dip their toe in here.
I think the dipping already happened because I mean like I said I'm playing.
I say dip the toe because where is the VR software for me to play and buy today.
It's in development now.
Right. So we're not there yet.
I'm referring more to gaming in general because I mean I'll put it this way.
I didn't mention it in my my gaming week but I've also got a Borderlands the pre sequel I've been playing on this little guy right here.
I've been playing and then I will play on an iMac.
I think I like is that I've been you know using the steam to save my game saves.
I pick up and play on any computer I want to.
I can just play it on my PC I can play it on my Mac.
Does Borderlands do the third person stuff.
How are you playing that without getting motion sick.
I play it in burst.
It's fun though.
Yeah.
But I mean I was how I was with Katamari Damacy.
You know but I'm just thinking that you know I think that that that stereotype is quite an outdated thought.
I think that it's people just holding on to an outdated concept that is quickly becoming quite the opposite.
Well here I my my biggest concerns is you know a system is always good as the games that are on it.
So we'll see what is delivered on this device after the development phase.
My other big concern is that Apple is not always known for doing things on the cheap.
So I mean you're going to need a beefy computer to play this that costs a lot of money through Apple.
So but if Apple can deliver the experience that's worth it if they can deliver the Rolls Royce of gaming experience then they can justify the Rolls Royce price.
So I'm not saying but I'm just saying that that is a concern to me.
And as also was mentioned in that same keynote that they have dropped the price for one of the new IMAX that are out right now as well as for the MacBook Pros.
Do those have any integrated cards in them because I mean this is their radiance.
Well this solution is an external card.
It's using the Thunderbolt port like you can add external cards using a Thunderbolt port but the enclosure itself is like six hundred dollars.
Well a lot of this right now is for development but that should be live like next year for the consumer.
And I would think by then you know the prices are only dropping on this technology by then it should be a little bit more affordable anyway.
And on top of that too you know how much do people spend on gaming PCs.
You know if a person wants it badly enough and I'll already put it this way you know I think that and this is just in my use.
I mean I think that I would rather pay more money and get something that I know number one is is a good machine and number two I'm not going to have to worry about replacing parts in all the time.
So you know I think this comment is said a little tongue in cheek but I actually think there's a lot more legit.
I think there's a big point in this in our chat from Bobby Black Wolf.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says now that Apple has invented VR and AR I see it getting more much more adoption with the masses just like how Apple invented the tablet touch screen computer eight years after Bill Gates held up a similar device and nobody cared.
So it's really only going to help you know you joke and you say that but are you wrong.
I mean to be fair Apple does have a way of making this shit look really really cool and like something you want Apple.
Yes they did and I they did a phone that was already done but they did it the Apple way and you had to have one.
So maybe maybe in a way this is the breakthrough VR needs.
I would think so because I mean now that I know I could just you know plug in on you know on my MacBook and take it with me and that it's going to have the processing power it needs for it.
I don't see a problem and I will probably get so motion sick I throw up all over everybody at Starbucks but hey it'll be a heck of a barf.
Yes it will.
Bobby in chat clarifies I'm not joking.
So all right there you go.
All right let's move on though for time again I get make sure we get through a lot of this stuff here.
So moving on Loki.
So remember we talked a little bit about how the creator of Super Meat Boy was teasing a new project.
Now we know a little bit more about what that project is.
It's actually an action adventure platformer game called The End is Nigh and yes it still also has kind of a similar art style to the other games like Super Meat Boy and The Binding of Isaac.
It's going to be available on Steam.
It looks like July 12th so they actually have a trailer out for it and you can check it out now.
But yeah it's very Super Meat Boyish.
I mean the it really really reminds me of that.
So check it out.
Good day.
Good to see what's finally come from them because I know we've been kind of waiting a little while to see what they were going to unveil.
So they're saying 600 plus levels 12 explorable chapters 20 collectibles 80 achievements and hundreds of collectible little squishy tumors.
I guess the game is this is the end is nice it's probably an adventure platformer game where the player takes control of Ash.
One of the few things that have survived the end of the world follow Ash as he flops through the future a pain and suffering feel his stress levels rise.
You throw him into endless swarms of decaying mutant animal like creatures and help aid his final epic quest to simply make a friend out of the people he pieces of people he finds along his journey.
All right.
Well one more thing before we get to the classic game of the week.
Remember how I said earlier that there's there's easier ways to steal people's money than robbing a bank these days.
Well guess what.
Another company has been breached by credit cards.
It may appear in its GameStop.
So GameStop actually sent letters to online customers informing them that credit card information may have been stolen.
So obviously this letter is out there so many blogs are getting a hold of it saying that credit card information to for anyone who quote placed or attempted to place older orders on our Web site from August 10th 2016 to February 9th 2017.
So you know last Christmas.
You know when you're placing switch orders.
Yes.
So this is not good.
So it looks like that may have been breached.
So they have to notify because you get an email attempted to place an order during that time period and used a payment card ending in you know whatever it is confirming that your card is potentially in the list there.
GameStop identified and addressed a potential security incident that was related to transactions made it made on GameStop's Web site during a specific period of time.
GameStop mailed notification letters to customers who made purchases during that time frame advised him of the incident and providing information on steps they can take.
That was a statement they said about those letters.
And you know this is not good news for GameStop.
It's our industry is starting to go a little more and more digital.
And as retailers are getting you know less and less business because of online a lot more people are shopping online these days.
And you just ask Sears Montgomery Ward Montgomery Ward.
Well well them Macy's the one I was trying to think of the Sears Macy's and all these places they're closing.
You know the last Kmart in Sacramento is going to close.
That's right.
All right.
All right.
Where are we going to get our 80s fashions.
Auburn.
You have to go to Kmart in Auburn.
Be open.
If you still need your raucous do caucus shirts.
Well they'll be available up in Auburn.
All right.
So yeah.
Not good news for GameStop especially hot off the heels of the whole you know circle of life thing that came around a few months ago where you know they were really pushing you know the trades and the preorders and all that.
All right.
Anyhow I'm going to chat over at live dot vog network dot com.
Act Deaf is pointing out speaking of reservations.
Forza Motorsport 7 is up on Amazon.
Of course.
Of course they want you to drop those preorders on games you just saw.
Did you see.
Did you see they so.
Hey guess what.
Available now to preorder.
No available now in the Xbox store.
You can go preorder them digitally.
Why would you ever want to preorder a digital game.
Maybe there's a bonus.
That's that's what it's all about these days.
But yeah I know.
I mean like oh my God there might not be enough copies.
I might not get one.
All right.
Let's let's travel to a simpler time.
Let's go back to a time when it's like you know what.
You don't get digital.
There's no that maybe you have a 300 baud modem and that's it.
Maybe you can't afford a modem because the technology is still right.
That's right.
You still have to turn a crank if you want to call it BBS.
Your your modem was a pink box that had two rubber divots on it that you put your phone receiver on to.
And it called shit.
The Sega Channel.
Yes.
All right.
It's the classic game of the week.
But in a 2017 twist Dark Sakura once a month likes to spotlight an entire system that she thinks hey stop neglecting this system.
That had no internet.
And especially this week when we're all focused on you know the switches and the Xbox One X and the PlayStation fours.
We need.
Let's not forget this system of classic.
This one is rather precious to my childhood.
All right.
So what is the classic system of the week.
The magnet the Magnavox Odyssey 2 or I would say Odyssey squared the way it's written but Odyssey 2.
In Europe it was called the Philips video pack G7000.
In Brazil it was the Philips Odyssey.
But you know I grew up with it as Odyssey 2.
There had been a first Odyssey system in 1970s.
These noises don't don't trigger at all with this game.
Anyway the system was released in 1978.
So it was like it was old school.
It was old school.
Now in the U.S. we got it in 1979 but it was first released in Europe.
And I played one of these when I was a teensy kid.
I'll put it that way.
But anyway one of the neat things about it is that it did play on the original Odyssey.
Probably the original Odyssey design that had removable circuit cards that would let you switch between built in games.
Now this one the Odyssey 2 it all had its own individual video game cartridges.
And the neat thing about it with this is that it also allowed for background graphics, foreground graphics.
It had all kinds of different things going on that were kind of new at the time for how they were.
It also used the joystick design that was very popular in the 70s and 80s.
And not like the bizarreness that was the ColecoVision controller later on.
Okay stop for a moment.
Why did mid to late 80s machines have the worst controllers ever?
When the joystick is so perfect.
Why?
What is it about the 80s that made people lose their shit when it came to controller design?
I just figured it was new. People didn't know what to do.
We're gonna put a phone pad on it. Thanks Coleco.
Anyway, but the joystick for this was very simple. You had your button, you had your joystick. That's all you needed.
And we liked it.
One of the other neat things though about this system is that it had a speech synthesis unit too.
Which was pretty neat for its time, you know.
And one of the things like what we're listening to right now is a game.
And I've done the game before for Classic Game.
It's Quest for the Rings.
Where you had a board game that you played along with a video game.
Although we would always just say fuck the board game and just play the video game.
Because playing the changeling was always the fun part.
That's like playing the Clue VCR game. Fuck the game, let's just watch the dumb movie.
Just watch the Clue movie that doesn't have Tim Curry.
And there were a few other games that were like Conquest of the World and The Great Wall Street Fortune Hunt.
And each of them were like that too.
And I will say the Atari 2600, the Intellivision, its other competitor at the time was the Bally Astrocade.
Which I might go in for a system one.
But this one, it had a pretty decent market share.
It was the third runner, but it wasn't bad, you know.
In the US, it sold pretty well.
And it was actually one of the main ones that was selling pretty well right before 1982.
Over a million, by 1983, over a million Odyssey 2 units were sold in just the US.
And like I said, it was all over the world.
There were no third party games until 1983, which was Imagic's Demon Attack.
So that really did limit what it could do with the lack of third party support.
Pay attention to Nintendo sometimes.
But then again, you know, there were other releases like Popeye, Frogger, Qbert, Super Cobra, and then Atlantis where there were some other big ones.
As far as international releases, it did get released in Japan as the Odyssey 2.
It was kind of successful. Not very.
And finding a Japanese Odyssey 2 is actually really difficult.
It had a decent release in Brazil.
They had tournaments for Casey's Crazy Chase.
It was called ComCom there.
And then in Europe, of course, it sold very well with a much larger number of games that were released in Europe.
The only thing that was interesting about the European models is that they didn't have any power buttons.
And that their action buttons on the joysticks were black.
Which is kind of odd, but hey.
Anyway, it had an 8-bit Intel 8048 microcontroller.
It ran at a blazing 1.79 megahertz.
64 bytes of RAM.
Audio RAM was 128 bytes.
BIOS ROM was 1024 bytes.
I mean, keep in mind, this is bytes.
This is the 70s and the 80s.
But it was so much fun, you know.
There actually is an emulator out there for people who are interested in it.
The open source emulator right now is called O2EM.
It also has the video pack emulation for the other games.
I mean, it's out for all of the big systems out there.
But, you know, if you want to get into basically what I spent my formative years playing, you know, this is it.
Now, we used to have mirror matches playing some of the racing games.
Like, where we would quite literally look in a mirror and try to play.
Oh, that's such a dumb five-year-old thing to do, but I love it.
It was great. And the game that I was actually really good at, what was it called?
Cryptequip?
Yeah, yeah.
Where it was the word scrabble game.
Yeah.
And then, you know, there was Hangman.
But, man, I loved that.
God, why can't I remember the name of the racing game?
Because I fucking loved the racing game.
And it was almost like, you know, a little just, you know, lap trap thing.
But we played a lot of Quest for the Rings.
A lot of Quest for the Rings.
And we would just play for hours with these little blocky looking weird people.
And this, it was kind of a dragon. It was Trogdor.
It was an 8-bit Trogdor.
You just like to burn an 8.
Oh, it was great. But, man, you know, I will say this here.
We didn't have a 2600. None of my friends had one.
Wow.
My ex-asshole stepdad, well, he was an asshole still.
But my ex-stepdad, his friend had an Atari 2600.
And I would go play that sometimes.
But this, the Odyssey 2, I played so much more than an Atari 2600.
I probably played more Atari 2600 as an adult than I did as a child.
Hmm.
But, yeah, this was the one that was big for me, was the Odyssey 2.
All right.
Hey.
There it is, your classic system of the month, the Odyssey 2.
And I must confess, a system I have not really spent a lot of time with.
I have one.
You should bring one over. It'll be fun.
You don't have a TV that it'll connect to.
Oh, is there a box that can convert the signal to HDMI?
There's got to be.
I have a VHF to UF converter, a VHS, no.
VHS.
What am I saying?
No, I know what you mean.
The little, the coaxial thingy, because of the old.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a coax to HDMI, basically.
But this one ran off of, if I remember right, it was the little hook that you screwed them into.
The RF.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We've got a converter that we've been using to run the 5200s on that.
So I'll have to find one.
Actually, isn't there something about, like, these games won't even really play on an HDMI?
Because there's something, I don't know what it is.
They come out looking like, well, especially on top of that, you really did have, you know, still crazy flicker.
You know, they didn't run very quickly.
And these screens will try to, like, do, like, some sort of upscaling to it that just makes it kind of a blurry effect.
And when, like, even for our NES, when we hook it up to our TV, there's probably a two second delay in what you do and what you see.
That's why when we were live streaming and I was trying to play Guardian Legend, I couldn't play.
The delay was just way too terrible.
So I'm actually, I'm actually, like, Googling, like, play Atari 2600 on HDTV.
Because, I mean, I just figure more people are going to be looking at Atari 2600 because that was the system there.
But some people are saying here, like, I guess I got, I got looped over to a forum or something like that.
And people are saying everything will work fine.
The RCA is interchangeable. The AV inputs on your TV are not good ideas.
They're not going to pick up the signal, but there's no harm on your TV.
But there might be a little lag, it sounds like.
Yeah, the lag is the worst part of it for me.
But I did notice, like, some blurring, you know, a little bit of blurring.
So, and it just could just be that it's so much smoother, you know.
All right.
Okay, well, we're going to take a break.
But when we come back, there is more of Orange Lounge Radio to come, including rapid fire news, what's in stores this week.
And we'll get to a few more news stories, hopefully all before 9 o'clock and the Bethesda press conference.
I think some of you guys are going to be watching as E3 continues.
Don't go anywhere, guys.
We'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode 690 of our show for this June the 11th of 2017.
We're having a fun show so far. E3 is underway and there's some good, some not so good.
But, you know, at least there's something to be excited about somewhere.
It's a great time to be a gamer.
It's always funny because everybody likes to ask that question.
Who won E3 this year? Who is the big winner?
Well, ultimately, if gamers aren't the winner, then we had a bad show.
They haven't been really blown, like, knocked out of park.
Okay, but everybody's hoping for another thing where Sony just fucking drags Microsoft by the hair
and pulls them through the parking lot.
Honestly, I would like to see something from Sony to that effect
because right now it seems like the dragging is being done by Microsoft right now.
Well, come on, Logie.
Microsoft's had a turn and Sony hasn't. It's way too early to say that.
But I want to see something I like from everybody.
I would like to see games with trailers that are actually coming out this year
instead of games that they showed us for the last four years that are, oh yeah, you know?
Fair enough, fair enough.
Alright, we're going to get into some rapid fire news here
and before too long we'll be getting your calls at Orange Launch Radio on Skype.
But as a reminder, it may be a little bit of a shorter show tonight
because, well, we were thinking that Bethesda was going to interrupt the show
and I just found out today they weren't.
So, whoops, I guess bad planning on my part, but that's alright.
I know it's a busy week for you guys.
So let's get into rapid fire news. Logie.
So, I'm a little frustrated by this news
and the reason why, you may remember Volition.
They're the makers of Saints Row, that series.
But now they have a new game called Agents of Mayhem that's coming out.
It's a different game. It's not Saints Row.
It's not supposed to be Saints Row.
But now it's Saints Row. But now it's like Saints Row.
Because, like, seriously, they're like, okay, yeah, it doesn't necessarily...
It's like, maybe in the same universe.
Like, you know, the Saints stuff is kind of there.
And then now they pull this shit.
Basically, as a pre-order bonus, you get a playable character of Johnny Gat.
And apparently it's supposed to be within canon
because Gat is back from, you know, after the events from Gat Out of Hell.
He fell into a coma and woke up in this world.
Okay. But that just pisses me off more that there's not a fucking new Saints Row game.
And there's this. But it's not Saints Row.
But if this has the humor of Saints Row, wouldn't you still be okay with it?
No, because they wanted me to be okay when Saints Row was like a superhero game.
It's not a superhero game. It was a knockoff of Grand Theft Auto.
Like, okay, you are fucking kidding yourself if you don't think you're giving this game a chance.
And buy it when it comes out. Come on.
No, I don't know. I wasn't really interested in it.
Oh, my God. All right.
It's got Johnny Gat in it, though.
Surprised we didn't see it today, actually.
I would have thought the Microsoft thing would have been a place to show this, but I guess not.
I mean, I don't know. It's all right. It's just, it's kind of silly.
I mean, I guess that's what Saints Row is, but it just seems cheap.
I don't know. I don't know what to think of it.
All right. Let's move on.
And then this is kind of cool.
So there's this game that came out called Jazzpunk that's a pretty silly first person puzzle game.
And they're finally getting DLC for it, which is weird because it came out like three years ago.
And now they're finally putting out some DLC in the form of a director's cut that's coming.
They're saying that's Flavor Nexus is the expansion pack that's coming out.
And yeah, I mean, I guess, I don't know. I'm down for that because I actually like Jazzpunk.
I need to go back and finish it, but it's a really strange, like, I don't really know how to describe it.
It's kind of like a James Bond-ish type game, but it's not.
It's like really like weird humor, but it's definitely worth checking it out.
Dungeon Muster knows this game in chat over at live.vognetwork.com and says, LOL, it was such a funky game.
It is. It's a really weird game. It's really worth checking out.
But hey, DLC this long after the fact.
Yeah, I'll pick it up.
What a way to remind people about your game and kind of give it a second life, right?
Right.
That's pretty cool.
All right. Anyhow, Housemarque is giving away a game on Steam
because they're trying to promote their next release, Next Machina.
So they are giving away one of their older games.
You might know them from Resogun and Super Stardust, but this is something they're giving away on Steam.
It's Outland, so you can find that available on Steam.
That is going to be, I think that you can only do that through, when was it? Oh, is that already done?
Never mind. Time's up. Well, this was a timely announcement, wasn't it?
Sorry.
So guess what? You missed a free game.
Shame.
Maybe, sorry about that.
Maybe you should follow CheapAssGamer because you'll get notified a lot.
Or one of those people that do the updates regularly on those game sales.
But well, you know what? Hey, it's still a reminder that they do have this new game coming out
and it's something they're highlighting at E3.
And hey, who gives away games to support their upcoming release?
I mean, you don't hear about that every day.
It's not the first time that's been done, but you don't hear about that every day.
Usually you have to pre-order that to get it.
Anyhow, moving on to this one I'm very excited about.
There was a trailer that was released this past week for Dissidia Final Fantasy NT coming to PlayStation 4.
This, of course, Dissidia being the Final Fantasy fighting title, but I believe...
Is this the arcade one?
Yeah, pretty much. It's going to be the arcade one, but now on PlayStation 4.
I'm down.
They released these games on PSP a long time ago, so it's kind of like one of those...
It's about fucking time we get this on PlayStation 4, especially with how well this has been doing in the arcades.
So it will be coming out in early 2018, although we don't have a direct day yet.
But there is supposed to be some type of press event at the E3 Coliseum on June 13th of 3.15
and I'm going to assume they are showing more about this game at that time.
Of course, if you see the trailer, it's very Square Enix, very Final Fantasy, over-the-top, opera singers, all that pomp and circumstance.
And it's great. I can't wait to get this game because I've been wanting to play it.
You can't really find this in arcades around here. I don't even think round one has it.
DungeonBuster says, can you fight as Final Fantasy XV's flying car?
No, but I think they put in Noctis as a down-low or some type of character after the fact.
Because you know that a lot of Japanese arcade games now are just like mobile games on fucking steroids.
So it's like, you know, they patch it in.
Yeah, a lot of it. You have cards that remember who you are.
I thought some of them used your cell phone, but I guess somebody figured out that the cards make more money or something, I don't know.
But yeah, pretty cool.
Moving on, DarkSakura.
Well, Shenmue 3, of course, we know it made its Kickstarter.
But we haven't really found out too much since then.
So we had it on the news delivered by Yu Suzuki himself.
He said that they must delay the release because the game has become bigger and more beautiful than initially expected.
So it set back for the end of 2018.
Highly anticipated game gets delayed. What a shock, right?
At least it wasn't butchered like Mighty No. 9.
That makes a perfect candidate for a trailer at the Sony press conference, right?
I guess, but why...
I would rather wait for something good.
Yeah, I would rather wait till next year's conference.
Well, that's what I'm saying is because they tend to put trailers out for games that aren't coming out for a while.
Oh, I see.
It was a cerebral joke that went over my head, I'm sorry.
And in other news, PlayStation...
Well, Sony is a sponsor for London Pride this year.
So the PlayStation UK posted the hashtag for all capital A-L-L, the players.
So I think that that's pretty good. We need...
Wish they'd do it for more things here.
But hey, that's going to be for London Pride, which is July 8th.
Yay.
Yeah, that's awesome that Sony is getting involved with that.
Good guy, Sony.
So to be fair, though, Microsoft gets involved with these types of causes quite frequently as well.
Don't think I've seen Nintendo.
I'm using a big question mark with that because I'm trying to think.
Didn't Nintendo sponsor GamerX4?
They might have.
So anyway, but you know what I mean.
They just see them as often, but it's still cool.
All right.
JD in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says Nintendo likes to avoid gay entirely.
Case in point, Tomodachi life.
Yeah, but didn't Nintendo kind of fess up that they made a mistake there?
I'm a lot better with it when a company says,
sorry, we'll do better next time than, well, fuck off type of thing.
There's kind of one or two ways that can go, right?
So if a company says sorry and we'll do better next time,
I'm willing to stop attacking them over it, if that makes sense.
But anyway, let's move on.
On to happier news. What can we find in stores this week? Loki?
Not a whole lot, to be honest.
So we've got Cars 3 Driven to Win, the franchise game for the movie coming out on this Friday.
So we've got it on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, Xbox 360, the Nintendo Switch, and the Wii U.
And then finally, one other game coming out on the Switch this week.
Arms is making its way out on Friday. That's it.
Oh my God, that's right. Arms is this week, huh?
Yeah.
There's some people I know that are very, very, very excited about that, that's for sure.
All right, well, my website where I do the Japanese releases is having some issues.
So let's go over, can we go to the UK ones real quick?
Sure. There are some UK releases.
On the 14th, we have Pixel Heroes, Byte and Magic, because I thought it was a cool name.
And on the 15th, MotoGP 17. That's it.
All right. Unfortunately, I am not able to tell you what's coming out in Japan this week.
So I'm going to have to table that to a later time.
Stuff.
Yeah, more stuff. Yeah, I'm not getting my list that usually comes up.
So that's okay. Websites go up and they go down.
So yeah, please look forward to it.
Yeah, look forward to it.
Surprise things they announced during E3 this week. That's what's going to be coming out of Japan.
Sorry, guys. All right, moving on.
We're going to go ahead and skip over the mailbag this week.
But we do want to encourage you guys to email us in the future.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Just we're skipping it for time tonight.
Remember, our 15th anniversary show is next week.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
So if you're one of those longtime listener, first time caller type of people, we'd really love to hear from you.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Not to give you a guilt trip or anything.
Stare.
Puppy dog eyes.
All right.
I'm not going to have a floofy dress, though.
No, no Kisenyara dress, unfortunately.
Maybe I'll pick up little plastic tiaras.
That would be fun. That would be fun.
All right, moving on.
I did talk about possibly doing a video stream of the 15th anniversary, but I'm not going to have the expense invested in the studio to be able to do that.
But please know that is something I'm looking at for the near future, maybe episode 700 or something.
So that we can have something.
I know Jamie doesn't want to be on cam, but we can figure something out.
It could happen.
She just has to have proper warning.
I'll do the Sia thing with the wig that covers my eyes.
I love it. You should.
You should. You know what? You should get a hat that says something.
It doesn't say something.
That's right. Get a hat that says something.
It'll say something. Literally. S-O-M-E-T-H-I-N-G.
How many fucking guys that dress up in drag do you know?
Like, you've got to know somebody that has a hat that says something.
Girl.
Exactly.
It's like I turn around and there's a queen.
Oh, hi.
You just need to get a Carmen Sandiego fedora.
I think she should change it up every week.
She should have a big hat every week that's like changing.
One week she has a Carmen Sandiego fedora.
One week she has a Sia wig.
I mean, this could get expensive, but it's funny.
Fuck.
Who was it that...
Oh, shit. Now I'm thinking of a show.
Where you used to have like different glasses or something every week.
Dame Edna.
Is that who you're thinking of?
No. Wasn't Dame Edna.
Hello, my puppets!
Dame Edna's always had the Reinstein cat eyeglasses.
Is anyone in chat old enough to know who Dame Edna is?
Probably not.
Dame Edna ever...
I'm betting JD. JD would know who Dame Edna is, if anybody.
Although I do have some problems with Dame Edna lately for having some very translated things.
That's true. Sorry. I forgot that she has definitely put her foot up her fucking mouth recently.
So, sorry about that. I forgot.
I like to remember a Dame Edna from the 70s that was a lot different.
Yeah.
Yes.
All right.
Anyhow, movie... JD says, I've read about Dame Edna.
Yeah, probably those same stories you're referring to.
Anyway, moving on.
Let's get to some other news stories to end things out.
Loki.
So, things are definitely changing with Pokemon Go.
So, we kind of hinted at a few things that might be happening through speculation and stuff.
But now, we kind of have a little bit of something more concrete.
So, we know that the gym system is going to be redone because the gyms are going offline shortly.
So, they're going to be doing an event soon on June 13th.
It's the Solstice event. So, they're going to be doing extra XP for players.
Not only that, but they're going to be adding more fire and ice type Pokemon.
Finally, I can involve my stupid Charmeleon, who'll be nice.
Also, they're going to reduce the price of Lucky Eggs.
So, if you want to quadruple your XP, you can do that.
Would you like to play Lucky Egg?
No.
And then, of course, with that, they're going to be adding, they said, collaborative group gameplay features.
This is that will get you playing Pokemon Go in new, fun ways.
And they're going to be disabling gyms temporarily before the update, which they don't have a release date yet for that.
And then, on top of that, people who live around Chicago, July 22nd, they're going to be doing the first live Pokemon event there in Grand Park.
They say it's going to feature a ton of exciting festivities.
Lucky for those people in Chicago.
Tickets for that event go on sale on June 19th at 10pm Pacific.
Thank you for doing it three weeks after I plan to be there, assholes.
No, it's fine. They can't do them everywhere at once.
I'm going to be so mad if they do a legendary at the event, and then it's like, ugh.
I like to follow on Reddit, Silfrode, when I want to get theory in Pokemon Go, because they're very good at analyzing all this shit.
And they seem to think there is some type of partnership thing going on with Pokemon Go, that there's going to be more of these events throughout the U.S.
That's just kind of ran by a different organization.
And, to be fair, Ingress is doing something right now with that, with the GORUCK organization.
They have this thing called Operation Clear Field.
And that's going all over the country and doing, it's like a scavenger hunt type thing with some minor physical fitness built into it.
Not community service, but park awareness. Your parks are here, support them and all that stuff.
You mean keeping your parks clean and not driving through them in the middle of the rain?
Yes, like some Smurfs we know. But anyway, no team is perfect.
But anyway, all that aside, what was I going to say about Clear Field?
Clear Field is going to be here for two days. They're doing two days in Sacramento.
I was like, there's not enough people here that want to do that.
I played the other day, briefly. I was at the park. My kids were sitting there.
They were riding their bikes in the tennis court. And there happens to be a portal nearby.
It was a gym as well. It's like a level 12 gym. I'm like, nah, I'm not going to try to take this thing down.
So I captured the portal and linked.
So that way it made you feel better because at least you got something.
I emptied out my MUFG things so they can fill themselves up again with useless crap that I'm not going to use.
I don't play as much as I used to.
I played briefly. And it was weird though.
The day-to-day in that game has gotten stale. I really like the group events.
I'll farm with other people and give the burst to steal the needle.
I don't know who else is still playing, but the people that normally take down my stuff immediately.
I went back there because I turned off my notifications because I just don't care anymore.
And then I checked the day after and I was like, damn, it's still there. Why is it still there?
I'm surprised that normally it still gets taken down immediately.
I think the player base is just shifting a little bit.
Some people are still gung-ho on it. Some people are getting really burned out on it.
And I'm kind of in the hole like, you know...
Maybe when 2.0 comes out.
That's where I'm at. I still like the incentive to get out and walk and gamify my walk.
So I still will play for that.
But once in a while I can be talked into getting into the car to drop something that's really ugly.
But I'm really more about, let's group up with other people and do something together like a big field.
Or let's do a farm.
I like to do the social stuff still, but that's kind of where I'm at right now.
But if Pokemon Go is going to get more social like that, to tie this back to Pokemon Go.
If Pokemon Go is going to get more social like that with whatever this gym replacement thing is,
then that's a great thing for the game, I think.
Some of the most fun times I've had in Ingress is getting in a car with three other nerds
and building portals downtown, up and down all the streets downtown,
that you know the other team is going to have to spend all night taking down.
That is some of the most fun I've had, because it's more of a social thing.
So if they can give that to Pokemon, I think that'll be pretty cool.
Yes, you can do it for gyms, but it's not that exciting, I'm sorry to say.
At the end of the day, only two people can really do anything with a gym at the time.
You can do groups of two people, but it's not the same.
It's not the same.
Alright, anyway, come on, a night like this and chat says,
it's okay girl, on the bright side, you can load up on Chicago dogs and pizza pie.
Believe me, there's going to be a lot of eating in Chicago,
because I like me some deep dish pizza, and you're right, there's a lot of good food in Chicago.
Sadly, that's the type of pizza I dislike.
Oh really?
I hate deep dish pizza.
Oh man, I love it.
I hate it, that's my least favorite.
But, and some of the natives are going to get pissed.
But, to be fair, really my only experience with deep dish pizza nearby is a chain that we have, Chicago Fire.
Their pizza sucks.
But a lot of people like their pizza, but I hate their pizza.
So that's maybe, it's just the bad pizza that I'm getting.
Here's the thing with the Chicago pizza, and a lot of the natives are going to be really upset that I say this,
but you're just going to have to deal with it.
I do feel like Chicago pizza is one of those things that they have replicated pretty well in other areas.
Like, you can kind of go to chains around here, a place around here and get a pizza that's pretty decent that's like a Chicago pizza.
A New York pizza on the other hand?
I have a very hard time finding that around here.
Just saying.
There's like one place I know of that does a pretty darn good job.
But that's like it.
So, anyway.
I could get on a tangent about food.
That would just be another week here at OLR.
We do still have some gaming news to get to.
So why not another Minecraft story?
Let's talk about Minecraft season 2.
We kind of talked about this last week.
It did come up on the show, but last week was a rumor, now it's official.
The next season of Minecraft, so now it's season 2.
Story mode.
Story mode, yes, will be next month.
A lot of the first season people are returning.
Patton Oswalt, Catherine Tabor, Ashley Johnson, Scott Porter.
There's also going to be cameos from Minecraft YouTubers.
Stampycat and StacyPlays.
They've sort of already done that, but yeah, it's neat.
I have no idea who they are, but cool, cool, I guess.
The first episode is called Hero in Residence, and there's five planned episodes.
And it will be available on July 11th.
Of course, it will follow the events of the first season.
The gang are now known as Renowned Adventures.
And this game looks like it's even better than Minecraft in 4K with the graphics.
But obviously they take liberties with a lot of the Minecraft universe in this.
But that's cool.
You know, the Telltale games are fun.
I never played Minecraft season 1, but it's one of those things that's like
on a rainy day, someday, I'll have time to get around to this.
But it just hasn't happened yet.
So, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
I have stuff.
So, Indie Mega Booth has transformed.
There's now Roving Mega Shoaf...
I can't make words happen. What is up with this?
Mega Shoaf Festival, oh my god.
So, anyway, it's going to happen on July 15th in Atlanta.
And it will be Indie and local community content to basically all work together for happiness.
There will be PlayStation and Adult Swim games there to help with game creation.
And they are taking submissions for local artists, musicians, and developers who want to participate.
And the announcer of the full lineup will be on June 13th, the day the tickets go on sale.
So, people go and tell us what you think.
Because I can't teleport to Atlanta. Sorry.
If only we knew somebody who was in Atlanta.
Yeah, I wonder who.
Hopefully he'll have time in his schedule to do that.
Alright, but if not, maybe somewhere else.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio. Loki.
So, one of the games that they showed a long time ago,
I want to say when they were unveiling Unreal Engine 4, was Fortnite.
It was supposed to be this new epic game.
And now that's supposed to be coming out pretty soon, actually.
They're going to be doing an early access release of it on July 25th for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Now, for those who don't remember, Fortnite was this kind of zombie survival game.
But you actually build up your own forts and everything.
So, you build up your bases, craft weapons, and then survive waves of zombies and stuff.
And then you go out and scavenge and stuff like that. It looks kind of cool.
So, that's going to be coming out relatively soon.
And it's going to be $39.99 when it releases.
So, check it out, I guess.
I probably will check it out.
Or don't.
I don't care if you don't want to.
What am I here for? Just to tell you this stuff? I mean, seriously.
Dungeon Buster says, wow, Fortnite. That's a title I haven't heard anything from in a long while.
So, Bobby Blackwolf in chat is there and says, LOL, I probably already know all the people exhibiting there.
I hadn't heard of it though, so they haven't announced it locally.
So, hmm.
Alright, anyhow. One more story for you guys tonight.
And it's about an old favorite here at OLR.
An old favorite. Former favorite here at OLR.
Which, you know, to be fair, we wouldn't be here for these past 15 years if it weren't without Konami.
So, I have a Konami story to end things tonight.
And there was an interview at MikeTendo64 doing an interview with a European brand manager named Richard Jones over at Konami.
And there's some highlights of this interview talking about, of course, Switch support.
Jones says in this interview,
All I can say is that there's lots of internal discussions going on within Konami regarding what games we can bring to the Nintendo Switch other than Bomberman.
A game which we are well aware of its heritage and how loved it and Castlevania is.
So much that Castlevania is getting its own show on Netflix.
And because of that, we're hearing a lot of desires from our fans for a new Castlevania series.
So, we do know there is a demand for a new game, but right now, nothing is set in stone as the discussions are still ongoing.
Hey, that reminds me. Did you see the new Bloodstained trailer out of E3? Because that game looked pretty hot. Did you see that?
No, I did not.
Oh, yeah. It looks like fucking Symphony of the Night, which we were all expecting.
But with some enhanced graphics stuff, which we were kind of expecting.
So, I feel like this game may actually just be delivering what people want. So, we'll see.
I hope so.
Hopefully, we don't get Mighty No. 9, but it's looking pretty good so far.
Oh, excuse me. Back to Konami.
There was also a question about Bomberman R.
While I can't say how long for we will continue to support Super Bomberman R, I can say we do have plenty of other ideas in the works and have a few big updates on the way.
For example, I can't announce anything for version 1.5.
Disfficed to say there will be more stages and other things.
But although I can't confirm there will be more costumes and characters, there may or may not be some more later on down the line.
We'll just have to see how it goes.
That's the biggest fucking non-answer answer I've ever heard in my life.
Like, there's a version update I can't confirm or deny, but I'm gonna tell you that we're gonna see what happens.
So, look forward to this, because I think you may or may not like it.
Right?
Whatever. It's fine.
All I hear is they're gonna release another fucking Frogger game, probably.
It's just gonna be like, no one fucking cares.
Loki, it's what the fans want.
I get it. Old Frogger is cool. New Frogger, not so cool. Come on.
Alright. Well, I don't know. You know what?
Maybe Frogger on the Switch, depending on what they do with it, is something I could get behind.
Maybe.
All they would do if they did Frogger on the Switch is it would just be fucking ripping off Crossy Road at that point.
Which, technically, Crossy Road sort of rips off of Frogger, but that's basically what it would be.
Dark Tetsuya suggests, how about Frogger Fractions?
I'm down with that. That's fine.
Oh my god. Can you imagine if Konami had the balls to release Frogger Fractions?
Can you imagine just to put out that type of title or that sort of name?
Can you imagine if Konami had the fucking balls to do something like that?
They won't. They don't.
Alright. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call, we're gonna take a few quick calls before, of course, gonna shut it down,
because Bethesda's starting in about 30 minutes.
Have they said yet if it's the good old folks from X-Play hosting that whole thing again?
I don't know, but I want to definitely watch it tonight, so...
Yeah. So, we'll see.
So, let's see. We are getting a call.
So, we'll get to it quickly here.
Hi. You're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Reginator.
Hey, Reginator. What's on your mind tonight? Quickly.
Two things real quick.
Question and a bit of information.
Question is, in your wildest dreams, if you could wish for anything,
what would you like to wish to have announced sometime during the rest of E3?
Nintendo puts out the Guardian Legend on Virtual Console for Switch.
I wish.
Do you have a wish?
I want that to be out.
Like...
No stealing my wish.
I'm not stealing. I'm adding to it.
Firsties.
I'm adding the force of my own wishes to that one.
Say HD Remake.
Ooh.
There you go.
Stealing that.
I would love to see, you know, especially after seeing the last night trailer today,
let's let these developers make a new Metroid game,
because that game looks fucking sweet.
With that art style, can you imagine a new Metroid game with that, like,
pixelated kick-ass art style?
I'm down with that.
Because I'm a nice fucking person,
I'll let Dark Soccer have the Guardian Legend thing,
and I'll fall back on F-Zero.
Wow, we all picked something from Nintendo.
Notice how I said, notice I said,
keep the bar low with Nintendo,
yet here we are just readying ourselves for disappointment.
We've been doing that for years.
I know, that's true.
I want to see not what realistically is going to happen.
I'm sorry.
I'm loving some of these answers in chat over at live.voggenetwork.com.
Bobby Black Wolf says,
Accolade cancels Bubsy and works on Metroid.
Come on a night like this in chat says,
A Zac Efron 7 Minutes in Heaven Simulator.
Would that be on the Oculus Rift or the HTV Vive?
I don't know, anyway.
What about you?
The tables have turned, Rage Nator.
What about you?
Well, if I could have anything,
I would say that Sony would sell some of the IPs
that they're not doing anything with
and have no intention of doing anything with,
sell it to a company like Valve,
let them publish new entries on Steam,
like for example, the SOCOM series.
Wait, you know what?
You said a word that completely changed my mind
about in my wildest dreams, in my wildest dreams.
Okay, here we go, here we go.
New scenario.
Because you said the word Valve,
tomorrow Sony starts their press conference
and you know, what's his name?
That's the president of Sony right now,
walks out on stage and says,
we'd like to thank you
and here we are to celebrate, you know,
all these years of Sony
and the great launch of the PlayStation 4 Pro
and then suddenly all the lights go out
and then Gabe Newell, lit by a spotlight,
walks out on the stage,
pushes the Sony CEO executive,
Asagis says, get the fuck out of here
and then says, half-life three motherfuckers
and then the ceiling opens up
and mics just fall from the ceiling
onto the crowd below
and it's out on Steam right now.
That is my wildest dream for E3.
How about that?
You officially dropped me on that.
Don't use that word.
Oh, sorry.
That's all right.
What is your second thing you wanted to ask tonight?
Well, you mentioned Outland being free
on Steam temporarily,
but the one thing that you failed to mention
was that PD2 is also free on Steam,
but there's a little asterisk and footnote on that
is for the first five million people that grab it.
You know what, RageNator,
you fucking missed your calling.
You need to be one of these,
look, I respect that you call in
and you are making sure
that we're getting these things on the cheap,
but I think you could be making money off of saving money.
Just think about this.
You could have some type of blog or website,
a cheaper-ass gamer, I don't know,
but you better think of a more original name
and you could be running some of these deals, RageNator,
and you could make a killing.
I'm just saying.
I don't see how I could do it,
but I'll take your word for it.
Don't be like us and never get better over 15 years.
All right, I'm gonna let you go, RageNators.
We can try to squeeze in another call.
Take care.
All right, you have a good one.
You too, bye.
All right, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio,
if you want to give us a call.
Let's see.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
become at Wario64, but not a bot.
Is Wario64 a bot?
I never knew that.
I see a lot of people quoting him all the time.
I did a really...
I don't know if I should talk about this on OLR.
Never mind.
All right, I blocked somebody on Twitter
that gets retweeted into my timeline a lot.
Not him.
Not that Wario64.
I blocked somebody on Twitter
that gets retweeted into my timeline a lot,
and I just don't like this person
because they threw shade at my husband on Twitter,
and I'm sorry.
I don't stand for that.
Every time I see this guy get tweeted into my timeline,
I'm like, that's the asshole
who had something to say to my husband,
and so I blocked him so I don't have to see him anymore
get retweeted into my timeline.
Is it Petty?
Yes, but if you look into my kitchen,
you'll see I'm well-stocked with Petty Crocker,
so it happens.
So there you go.
Anyway, OrangeLoungeRadio,
all one word on Skype if you want to get through.
This is your last chance.
Otherwise, we're going to wrap it up for tonight.
I guess I can just quickly kind of end on this here,
or actually, last-minute stories.
Anything you want to get on here?
There's one last thing I wanted to mention.
I forgot to mention it the other week,
but there's this guy Seth Bling on YouTube
who actually came up with this.
They call it the Super Mario World Jailbreak.
It's basically a modified save that he can create.
It creates like a hex editor within Mario World
that you can do all sorts of crazy shit,
including they had code to execute the Super NES mouse
to actually move stuff around in the game
and do all sorts of crazy stuff.
So pretty cool.
So go check him out, Seth Bling, on YouTube
to see all this stuff.
In fact, he has some arbitrary code
running on the Wii U virtual console version
of Super Mario World as well.
Quickly, what do you hope to see from Bethesda tonight, Loki?
I'd be curious to see some more,
like anything, Elder Scrolls, really,
aside from online, I'm not too interested in that.
Do you think we'll see Elder...
You know something that's been strangely absent
is Skyrim on the Switch.
Do you think now's the time to talk about that,
or do you think that's been quietly shelved?
I think it's coming, but maybe,
yeah, maybe we'll see something.
I'm not expecting too much from that, though.
I'm expecting just, I don't know,
it's like the PlayStation 3.
It's Skyrim on the Switch.
It's Skyrim on the Switch.
I mean, it's all right, but like, I don't know.
I swear to God, Bethesda, where are you?
All you have to do,
you just add a Hyrule temple somewhere,
and I swear to God, you're gonna sell
four times as many copies as you would have otherwise.
Nintendo fans, don't fuck around.
Or if I could have craftable Master Sword or something ridiculous.
I'm serious. If Bethesda is not thinking about this,
they fucking should be.
But anyway, that's just my hot take.
Take it or leave it.
I don't think, see, a lot of people are saying Elder Scrolls VI.
No, in fact, they have fucking come out and said it is not,
there is no Elder Scrolls VI this year.
I think the two, no, the two games that they're supposed to be talking about,
there's The Evil Within 2 is one,
and the other one, remember, it was hinted at,
but they didn't really see it because it was like code or something.
The new Wolfenstein game. Remember, there's Wolfenstein.
I forget what the hell the subtitle was on it,
but there was, I think, a new Wolfenstein game.
Yeah, that seems like a given.
I would say the stretch would be the Fallout New Vegas thing.
I would say a Fallout, a Fallout spinoff,
I say New Vegas with a big balloon,
Fallout spinoff in Forest Engine would be way more likely
than an Elder Scrolls thing at this point.
The Elder Scrolls focus is on Morrowind expansion for Elder Scrolls Online.
That just came out this past week.
So that's their focus on Elder Scrolls right now.
No Elder Scrolls VI tonight. Ain't happening.
If it does, I'll be pleasantly surprised.
Again, don't fucking set your bar there because you're going to be mad.
Alright.
Well, I guess that's going to do it for the show tonight
because nobody else is calling in,
but I know y'all are getting ready for that conference.
I want to thank you guys so much for listening to our show tonight,
and hey, next week is going to be a very, very special show
that wouldn't be possible without all of you guys.
So, in advance, I just want to say thanks for being here.
And as we say every week,
if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lawns Radio,
tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word about the show where every gamer has a voice
because if the voices aren't here for us to use,
we can't air them.
I've got voices in my head. Does that count?
No.
Stay tuned to social media throughout the week.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R, Facebook.com slash Orange Lawns Radio,
and of course, VOG Network as well.
We're hoping to have some special things throughout the week
to sort of announce and some other things we want to do
in preparation for our 15th anniversary episode, so stay tuned.
Meanwhile, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I hope Sony sets it up tomorrow
because I don't want to watch trailers for games
that they showed last year
and have no sort of, you know,
answer to the backwards compatibility stuff.
And my final thought is
just set the fucking bar low
and like the game that you like.
E3, there's going to be something you like.
Focus on that.
Focus on the thing you like and run with it.
We'll see you next week to break down the rest of E3
and celebrate 15 years of Orange Lawns Radio.
Until then, be safe. Bye.
The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lawns Radio
or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
