Tonight, December 18th, 2011, Square Enix experiences a hack, Nintendo offers free games
for loyalty points, and the PlayStation Vita appears to abandon the instruction manual.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio. We are live with the 439th episode
of our show on this December the 18th of 2011. We're live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com,
where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Blackall show. My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you over the
next few hours to talk about video games, gamer culture, gamer lifestyle, and so forth
with my co-host, the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers. You're like that video of Rick
Perry where they replaced him with a butt. That one was great. How are you? I'm okay.
Yeah? It's been a long day. It's been a long day. Been packing up stuff. Mm-hmm. Been...
big changes coming. Preparing to abandon ship. Yeah, there's some big changes coming. We're
saying goodbye tonight, so we'll come back to that in a minute. Yeah. So let's also go
to the one and only Techmaster, Loki. Hi. How are you, Loki? Fine. I see you brought
your 3DS tonight. Yes, I did. And I brought my 3DS. You know what that means? Mario Kart
Break Time! Hell yes! So live listeners, get your 3DSs because we're going to try and do
at least one track, if not two, of Mario Kart during the break tonight, so be ready for
it. The official OLRME 3DS code. It's on Twitter. It's on our forums too over at orangelawnsradio.com,
and I'm sure it will be pasted in chat momentarily. Tiger Claw will have it pasted there in three
seconds. Chat.orangelawnsradio.com if you want to join our chat room, of course, and
talk with us there. All right. In fact, Jim Salley is in our chat room tonight starting
us off talking about the intro to the show, saying, Jim Salley, OLR's intro is great.
It always pumps me up. It is a great little song. That was by Midihead. If you don't know
who did our intro, his name is Midihead. He did some of the songs in DDR, Beatmania, kind
of like around when the Xbox version, original Xbox versions were big. He's a great guy.
We had him on the show. And then Jim Salley says, then Rob's soothing voice brings me
down and I get all snuggly in bed. Not sure how to take that, but all right, sure. Whatever
floats your boat. Whatever gets you to listen live with us. Anyhow, so usually we start
off the show with how is your gaming week, so I think we'll get into that and then we'll
come back to the housekeeping thing we want to talk about. So let's talk about our gaming
weeks. DarkSakura, how was your gaming week? I played shit. I really haven't done a whole
bunch of console stuff just because we've been packing up stuff. More coming later.
We do have the GameCube out so that we could play the Game Boy Advance player. So we had
some run-throughs of the Final Fight that's on there and I played some P.O.P.O. and I
think Dan played some Metroid Fusion. But I mean we were just bopping through a few
games here and there. It's like Game Boy Advance made a comeback this week between that and
the 3DS news, which I know is coming up later, but everybody knows those games came out.
So we actually put the Saturn up because we're tired of Christmas nights. Oh well. Christmas
is cancelled. Da da da, da da da, I don't care to play this anymore. No other holiday
games to get you in the mood? Um, no. You don't want to dance to Silent Hill in D.R.?
Wow. Wow? Winter Veil? I've been doing stupid Winter Veil shit. No, finally, thank you Shane
for making me an orc DK so I can throw snowflakes at you. I don't even know if he's listening.
If you're listening. If you're not. There's Rick Perry again. He made a drawn-eye priest
for me to throw snowflakes at named poor Jamie. I think when I, and just so people know, like
what this is, there's certain achievements in WoW where you have to find characters of
a certain, like around the holidays, like for instance the Easter one or whatever they
call Easter in WoW, I can't remember. Noble Garden. Noble Garden, that's it. You have
to find female characters of each race level eighteen or over and it's called Shake Your
Bunny Maker. And you have to turn them into bunnies. And they have to be level eighteen
or older. I can tell you this because I'm a female dwarf which is like a freaking unicorn
in WoW and I can't tell you how much I get turned into a freaking bunny when that holiday
comes around. Freaking goats are easy to find. So I made a rogue for whatever the last holiday
was. You had to do something with a blood elf rogue. I don't remember why I did it,
but I did. And I named it Oops I Pooped. Yeah. Yeah, I remember that one. You made it for
me to find. Cause I still haven't deleted it. I thought you had a troll. I did, but
I deleted the troll so I could make the rogue. No, that's right. Cause I had to go, I had
to go run to you. Yeah. Stupid silver moon. Um, but yeah, so I've actually been playing
Peggle in WoW too now that it works again. Nice. But right now the thing that I'm trying
to get is I have to kill ten more people while dressed as a gnome in a, uh, Santa costume.
Oh yeah. I don't like how it kind of forces you to do PVP if you want to get all the achievements.
I know. And then like you get killed and you don't and you lose the disguise. All I have
to say when that stupid kids holiday comes up, you are going to want to kill, kill something.
I mean it's just, I actually, I want to do BB King. That's, that's not too bad. BB King
is where you go to, to the major hoard cities and you have to shoot the leaders with a BB
gun. Like, like I'm going to go shoot Sylvanus in the ass or something. Anyway, I saved the
WoW talk for the other show. Hoardhouse.com. Well have me back on. We might. Episode 50
is coming up very soon. When? I just have to convince Extrofer we should tape more often
than every other week. But that's another, that's another story. Well, um, I also got
some games on steam cause I got the humble indie bundle thanks to Rob and I started cave
story and then Dan's like, I was like, I'm kind of tired of playing cause we've had a
busy day. Dance like, Oh, play more. So he's watching me play cave story. That doesn't
usually happen. Usually you're watching him play stuff. So he's like, he gave, okay, check
out this elder thing. Rob. Nice. My old school game pad controller. You should put a picture
of that on olr.com. I might. It's actually not the one. It's not the one that I used
when I played. What brand is that? Is that like a gravis gravis? It's not the one that
I used when I played a final fantasy 11 in my, the older one that kind of to me looks
like what the PlayStation three controller was going to look like. Like it kind of has
that boomerang thing going on a little bit, just a little bit, but it's not quite as tacky
as that other controller was. It's actually fairly comfortable. I mean, cause you know,
my hands all fucked up. Yeah. I'm sorry if I sound like I'm kind of high. The pro you
are, I had had half a beer and I've been allergies all day. So cause all the dust we've kicked
up. So yeah. Um, I played cave story and then I got another game just randomly. I happened
to see it up on steam and I was like, that was kind of pretty. I'm going to get it cause
it's pretty. It was a game called fractal that you have to, um, you have these little
hexagon shapes on and for those who don't know their roots, hexagons are six sided polyhedrons.
What's a polyhedron? Your butt. Um, so you have to form, attach something of the same
color to all sides of it and then it'll explode. But you have a push. So say you have to push
in the spaces around them and you get a certain color that you'll push with and like say that
you're only on one side. We only push in one side, but say that you push in the dead center
of a circle of them, it'll push them all out all in that color. So you have to make the
little all six sides of one touch and sometimes you can get multiple, they're called blooms
and you see you get point multipliers and you also get little ones that if you hit them,
they destroy everything around them and all this stuff. But it's really hard. Like I'm
only on the 10th stage and there's a bunch of them and you have to get like 320 breaks
done and like the most I can get is 240. It's tough. But you were telling me the music kind
of adds to the game, right? The music is very trancey. It's very ambient trance. And, um,
as you do better, as your score goes up in that level, it's like, like for example, when
you break one blossom, that's seven points. If you get like a double, you get 14 awesome
blossom. If you get anyway, um, what was I saying? Oh yeah. So you get the, as you get
more points, the music gets more complex. But when you run out of pushes, like when
you get down to like five pushes, the music starts going really slow and it doesn't change
in pitch. It just changes in tempo. So it's just like, you know, really slow. And then
you're on your last push and then it just stops. And one thing that I really like about
is actually the type design in this game. It's really pretty. Of course. Well, it like
your, your levels come out on a diagonal. Um, your, when it gives you all your level
information and your scores, like I'll try to go in and do a screen cap of a level so
that I can show people what it looks like, but it's really gorgeous game. And like when
you choose your graphics settings, you have like good, bad, but when you start going better,
you have beautiful, you know, so it's pretty cool. And it starts off asking if you want
to play it windowed. Cause you look pretty from the two seconds I saw you playing it.
Yeah. Um, I'll uh, I'll put some screen caps. It's like it's six bucks right now on steam.
So go, go get it. All of you go get it so that they'll make more and maybe they'll make
a tutorial so that it's not so freaking hard. It's one of those games that's so hard that
it pisses you off until you have to beat it. I'm so mad. I will conquer you. All right.
You, you whore going on to a Loki. How was your gaming week? Um, it was okay. I played
a lot of Skyrim. Um, been exploiting the Dawn star, uh, hidden Khajiit treasure chest. Um,
actually did that for quite a bit last night. It's very rewarding because you get a lot
of loot and money and you get to kill somebody in their face over and over and over again.
So I like that phrase, kill someone in their face. Yep. You win the award of choice of
words today. Um, and then, uh, so I spent last night trying to take all the loot that
I got from Dawn star back to, um, uh, winter hold and what else did I do? Oh yeah. And
then, um, a little bit more in the quest of, uh, a night to remember, which is funny because
it's like a, this big long chain of random things that you did while you were drunk one
night cause you blacked out and can't remember. So it was kind of fun. And then I got a Mario
kart seven and Mario or super Mario three D land for the three DS this week. So I played
lots of Mario kart seven. I finished all the tracks, um, where all the circuits, I guess,
in a 50 CC and I started to play some one 50 CC stuff, but man, I mean, seriously, Nintendo,
I understand you got to ramp up the difficulty for one 50 CC, but the rubber band AI is just
so retarded. It's just ridiculous. The amount of it's like, do I really need to be hit with
like two blue shells, five red shells and you know, lightning all at the same time.
Oh, and thank you for doing lightning right as I'm jumping over a cliff. It's like I'm
playing with fucking assholes in, you know, Mario kart seven. I mean, it's just the computer's
like, ha, suck it bitch. You're over it. You're in the worst spot possible for a lightning
bolt and lightning bolt. That's what you're going to get. It's like, I hate that too.
They just, they always seem to know right when you're going over like a big jump and
that's when they're going to hit the lightning bolt or right before you get there. It's just,
that's irritating. You know, it's like, I can be way ahead of everybody else. And you
know, here comes Mario. It's like, Oh, I'm sorry. Mario got like five, uh, five superstars
in a infinite boost all at the same time. Oh, and he's a dragon. It flies now for some
reason. Um, but yeah, it's, it's a fun game. It's Mario Kart. I mean, we expect, um, I
did like some of their choices though for the retro courses. Although I got to say this,
um, my least favorite course in that game has to be probably the, uh, Neo Bowser city.
It's just such a waste. I mean, it could have been cool, but it's just like, you know, I
don't know. It's such a waste of course. I like this black Wolf in our chat room. Of
course the, the man Bobby black Wolf who comes on before us here at all games radio, uh,
says Mario Kart is the original asshole Mario. You ever seen that mod for super Mario world
asshole Mario? That's, that's a very good comparison. I don't remember like the AI being
that bad and like the original game and stuff. I mean, what for the CC was pretty hard, pretty
bad in the original game. It was pretty, maybe the rubber banding was infuriating. Like that's
just all they would do. It wasn't so much the shell cause there was no blue shell in
the original Mario. I fucking hate the blue shell. I seriously think it's the worst thing
ever. It's just like, it's the, the lightning. It's like the participation award of Mario
Kart. It's like, I suck. I need a show that kills first place. The honorable mention.
That's the ribbon. But no, no, the lightning bolt was supposed to be your, that was in
the original Mario Kart and the lightning bolt was supposed to be the like, fuck everybody
up thing, you know? And that was like the, I am in control. I'm powerful, you know, pass
everybody. Blue shell too much. And I don't like it. All the items aren't, I mean, it
gives you better items obviously in the further back that you are. Fuck that. It should be
even all around. Why shouldn't I be getting green shells and banana peels for being in
first place? I will say though, online I got one of those seven power ups that gives you
just seven fricking items and bam, bam, bam, just firing them all. That was pretty awesome
and I, I made up a lot of space with that one and I know people didn't like me. But
here's the thing. I think that power up sucks. I think in most of it's useless. It's just
like whatever. Are you kidding? I fucked some people up with that. It was awesome. All right.
So there, yeah, Mario Kart. It's pretty awesome. Looking forward to playing it online. Um,
what else? Oh, Super Mario 3 Land. I can't really say too much about it cause I really
didn't get a chance to play it much cause I've been playing mostly Mario Kart. I did
try a little bit of it and I got through maybe a quarter of the first stage in the, you know,
the very first level and then I had to quit. So, I mean, it looks pretty and it plays like
a Mario game. Um, I don't know. That's really all I can say right now. It kind of reminds
me a lot of, you know, Mario 64 I guess. Um, but in the, the setup's kind of a little bit
like Mario Galaxy. But, I mean, that's it. I mean, I'm looking forward to playing more
of it. Although, I'm looking forward to playing more Mario Kart than I am Mario 3 Land. Um,
and then, uh, what else did I play? Oh, I played a little bit of Grand Theft Auto 3
the 10th anniversary edition on my iPod. And it looks nice. But damn, I really wish there
was like Bluetooth support for some sort of controller because it sucks trying to control
that on the... I knew the touchpad was gonna be terrible for that. Well, I mean, it's,
it's, it's good for touch controls, I guess. I mean, but, I mean, there's not a lot you
can really do with touch controls on a game like that. I mean, they have it set up, it
may make sense, but it's just, touch controls suck all the time for a game like that. I
mean, I even tried playing like some of the Gangstar stuff, um, before and it's just,
it doesn't work. But, it looks nice. I just hope that someday Apple will, you know, wise
up and actually have, you know, some sort of controller that would work with some of
these games. I know that some third party companies have done that, but obviously most
of the games don't support that. Yeah, that thing for the iPad's pretty awesome. The little
arcade machine that you can put it in. Well, that's not so bad. A coworker of mine had
this awesome, like, keyboard looking thing that the iPad kind of plugged into the top
of the flat keyboard and it made it look like a laptop that you could touch the screen on.
It was, it was nice. Hmm. I mean, so, it would be kind of neat if they did something like
that because, damn, I mean, it really sucks that some of these games, just the touch controls
are not good. Alright, anything else? Uh, words of friends, because my wife wants me
the player, and so I'm playing a little bit of that. Uh, and please, you know, I've been
getting invites to SimSocial, I am not fucking playing the SimSocial, so you can just save
yourself some time. I deleted it and blocked it. Do not send me any more invites for that
game. Yep. I'm over it too. Alright, um, quickly, getting into my gaming week, um, not a whole
lot. Call of duty. Shush, you're done. Not a whole lot of new stuff in my week. Uh, still
more wow, still more Saints Row the Third, which is, uh, fun. I, I'm loving all the little
activities in that game, it is so over the top. I never thought I would enjoy this game
as much as I do, but Loki, I hate to say it, you were right, you were so right, this game
is great. I love it. And I did, I played one of the Tron things, like the, the bike thing
that, it's kind of like light bike mixed with the Sonic 2 bonus level. Yeah. I think it's
kind of, well, let me put it this way. It's kind of basic, but it does Tron better than
the Tron PS3 game did bike racing, which was awful. The bike racing, like, killed that
Tron game. It was so bad. So. I thought it was, it was weak, but it's still better than,
yeah, yeah. It's better than Yaris. Um, but not by much. Uh, let's see. Uh, also some
new games I've been playing, not really a new game, but like Dark Soccer, I bought the
indie bundle and I can't stop playing Cave Story, which is like a years old game, came
out in a new one on the 3DS and dah, dah, dah, but Cave Story Plus to be specific is
the one that you get with the bundle. If you pay more than the average, I love it. Like
if you haven't played this game, you should definitely, I mean, for one, this indie bundle
that's out right now is amazing. And I know there's a story coming up on the show later.
We'll tell you all the games that are in it, but it's, it's just such a great cause, great
deal, great games. And especially the games you're getting this time around, like what?
Super Meat Boy and Bit.Trip Runner. Yeah. You convinced me with Bit.Trip Runner. Oh,
Bit.Trip Runner is a great game too. So, um, yeah, but Cave Story, it's kind of like, it
reminds me of an old NES game, obviously with the graphics and the music, the music's great.
And I guess now you get the soundtracks, which is awesome. Uh, and it kind of reminded me,
I wanted to say, I don't know why, but like Fashanadu, you remember that game? Uh, it
kind of reminded me of that a little bit, even though it wasn't really the swords, but
it was kind of like that exploring the different multiple screens and kind of the music reminded
me of it a little bit. So yeah, Cave Story's awesome. I like that game. And, um, otherwise
been playing some old school Game Boy advanced games as a 3DS ambassador, namely WarioWare
is the one that I can't stop playing. The original WarioWare was so good. And I'm so
glad that that's a part of the, uh, ambassador package. Cause that, that alone is worth it.
So yeah, that's pretty much it for my gaming week otherwise. Um, so we're going to move
on into some housekeeping before I get into housekeeping. I want to talk quickly. Uh,
we're going to have an interview in a little bit and it's with my friend Justin. He's going
to call in in about five minutes or so after we get through some other announcements here.
And he's going to talk to us about his Xbox hack experience. And, um, I know you guys
have heard about mine and I came on here and I bitched about it and how I couldn't play
my Xbox for 20 days and it was pretty bad and all this, but like my story has got nothing
on what you're about to hear Justin talk about. And I thought it was important to get it out
there that this is happening because when you guys hear like the, the hoops he's jumping
through and what's going on, your jaw will be on the floor and like, he's not making
it up. It's all legit. Like I trust Justin. Justin, uh, met at E3 and, and, uh, you know,
we hung out and stuff, so I know it's all legit and it's, um, you're going to be shocked.
So we'll get to that in a little bit, but first, um, some important housekeeping we
wanted to cover tonight. Um, there will be no show next week. Uh, most important, uh,
our show happens to be on December 25th, which, uh, you know, it's kind of a big deal for
some people. Um, and, uh, so yeah, no show that night. Bobby will still be live. So if
you're at all games radio and you're like, I'm lonely, I want to party with somebody
on Christmas. Bobby will still be here at five o'clock Pacific. We will not. And, um,
even also, uh, I'm kidding. Love, love. I said on Twitter and I said on Facebook and
I wasn't lying. Um, we have to say goodbye tonight. And, um, things change. And, um,
Dark Sakura, uh, well, do you want to tell the listeners what's going on? I don't know
how much you don't want to say, but I'm leaving. I'm moving. It's been coming for a while and
it's finally happened. And I know I've brought it up before, but the move is actually happening.
Um, we had pack up and be out and so we are moving down the street. So we're saying goodbye
to the orange lounge radio studio five. Bye. But maybe you made someone's heart skip a
beat there a little bit, but unfortunately that was so awesome. That was a, it was, it
was looking pretty scary there for a minute that you might have to move. Yeah. Dan still
wants us to go to Washington, but I'm like, so, um, so this is the fifth. You will still
have a show me at your feet. Yes, I will. That'll be great. Uh, this is the fifth studio
that we've taped to orange on radio in. Um, the first was that house that I had with Brian
back in the day. I don't think ever came on the show, but that was, that house was the
first studio. The second studio was when Loki and I lived together. Uh, the third studio
is when the extra for and I lived together and that was a lot of change to the station.
That was the studio where the news came out and filmed us. That was a studio where we
switched to all teams radio. By the way, what's that? They also came to your guys's place
to yours and Loki's. Oh, that's right. The paper did. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. I got a foot
on there. Fantastic. So, uh, let's see. And then, um, the news did come here. The net,
the fourth studio was when I was in the house in the garage, in the garage, the cold, the
jet, the one that's on Justin TV, super hot. Sometimes the garage with no steady temperature.
And then we've been in this studio for well over a year. It's been at least, yeah, probably
almost two years, but my house is comfortable and has a heater. And sure me, you've got
sure me to keep your feet warm. So, um, and by the way, there's a, our chats finally catching
up with a buffer and everything. Just reading a, some of our chat room chat that orange
on twitter.com red said, you guys had me for a sec. Uh, bochi Kawa says, OMGs. I was scurred.
Uh, catastrophic. Moggy says, yeah, my heart did skip a beat. Rob and Darth spasinator
sums it up best. Damn you. Dark Sakura making us think you're leaving OLR. That was good.
You did that very well. Orange rice said, oh, you trolls, but no, I mean, but it is
still, I mean, obviously the studio is a big part of the show and, and here's the interesting
thing. Um, you know, we're, we had a planned week off next week. Anyway, we're going to
be back in two weeks. Hopefully it's looking like 90% sure we'll be back in two weeks.
There is a strong possibility though. We may not, we may not be set up in time because
we are now unexpectedly having to move the studios. Um, the, the office is going to be
a little smaller. I can tell you that, but we'll, we should be fine. We also don't exactly
know where studio six is going to be. We think it's going to be a dark sacros. You just have
to make sure it's going to work cause it might come back to where I'm at. So from an undisclosed
location is where the next orange lounge radio will be. So it's going to be a whole new year,
a whole new OLR, but what an appropriate way to kick off our 10th year of radio from 2002
to 2012 with a new studio. You know what, I'm going to go ahead and say it. What's that?
Fuck you, Wells Fargo. What's that for? Oh, cause I got it. Yeah. Yeah. Why we're moving.
You know what, honestly, it's not even, it's, it's a case of overextension when with combined
with the housing market drop is what facilitated our situation. But man, I tell you, apartments
are freaking expensive. And then like we got a house for what apartment rent for a smaller
place would have been. So it's really expensive where Dan works too. But I mean, so right
now though, and we got a good landlord who is really going to work with us. So, and honestly
we found his house, called him the next day. Two days later we're in. Nice. So yeah, I
worked out really well. I'm sure people who followed me on my Facebook knew about the
drama. So, uh, Tiger Claw on chat says, I guess the studio where you and Travis did
the shows was studio number one. I didn't count that one cause we didn't do orange lounge
radio from there. That was under station live, different show. And besides, he didn't really
call that studio one. I believe that was what the masturbation station inside the pleasure
dome, beautiful inbred Sacramento. I don't know, whatever he called it. So no, that,
that, that didn't have a number. That was studio zero. Um, let's see. Uh, and, uh, Zethur
says, I knew you guys were joking. We're not joking. We are saying goodbye to the studio.
Yeah, no, we were joking. I am leaving this house. Dark Sakura is moving. We have to be
out of here by the third so that we get money. So yeah. Oh, and, and Bobby, just to let you
know, um, our next step is to buy a house. So yeah. Good luck. All right. So, um, we'll
be back in two weeks from somewhere. Welcome to adult life kids. This is what you have
to look forward to. Growing up sucks. Life's going to suck when you grow up. When you grow
up, when you grow up, life's going to suck when you grow up. It sucks pretty bad right
now. Uh, okay. So I guess that's, what else can we say about that? I don't think there
is anything else to say about that. So goodbye studio five after tonight. Maybe the good
news is maybe we can get a webcam again. Maybe we can be better wired to stream games because
this studio is really kind of supposed to get a rig. Well, wasn't supposed to be temporary.
Yeah. You're on my drawing table. It just kind of lasted. Although I got it at Ikea
and it's not really a drawing table. So whatever. I'm just glad to tell you though, our house,
our new house is super cute. You know what I just realized? What? This is one of my old
roommates folding chairs. I totally jacked it from him for the studio. So we can bring
a piece of the old studio with us. That's right. We can. But man, this house though
is super cute and we'll get to keep the pinball tables in the living room. That's good. Pinball
tables are important. Our landlord walked in today cause he came in to sign the papers
with us and he looked in the, in the pinball room. It was like, what is this? We're like,
this is our coolness, sir. It was like, I haven't seen pinball in years. I was like,
that's super cool. You knock off a few hundred dollars a month and uh, yeah, maybe traded.
Well we, I offered up my services to if any of his grandchildren needed posters made for
their projects. Nice. So cause I'm shameless. I'll work for anybody. I'm a designer, dammit.
Give me design stuff to do. All right. Um, I think we're going to move into some of tonight's
news, but we need to be a little bit flexible cause the interview should be calling in any
minute. So we might have to kind of like go, go cause there's a live interview tonight.
So if you want to ask questions, you can in chat.orangelandraday.com. Um, so Loki, I guess
go ahead and try and start us off here. We might have to kind of cut it in the middle
here. Sure. Why not? Um, if there's a report coming from Bloomberg, same, and this is basically
saying something that they've already kind of rumored to before. Microsoft is going to
create its own TV programming for Xbox live, which is great cause I was hoping they would
kind of do that cause as much as I like to see on demand stuff for Comcast, which I can
get by an on demand, well I used to be able to get via on demand, but unfortunately now
we have a terrible, terrible, really low tech cable box that doesn't have on demand. Not
that I care. Um, but it would be nice to see extra content on top of the stuff that's already
there. And honestly, I haven't really looked at some of the other stuff that they have.
I looked at YouTube and TMZ and all that this week and it's kind of weak. I didn't, I, I
mean, I guess, yay, you can look at YouTube's on your Xbox, but I don't like the interface.
They really just force everything to use that, that new interface and it doesn't really work
well for something like YouTube. I feel like if I want to watch something, what I really
need to do to make it work is to go queue it up on my computer, in my playlist, and
then go to my Xbox and watch it on the Xbox. I mean, if you want to watch like popular
YouTubes and things like that, like that's really easy to find cause it shows you the
most popular. What about like a stuff you're subscribing to? Is it easy to find that? Um,
yeah, that, that, that does all kind of pop up. It's not, it's not bad. You can link it
to your YouTube. Basically, um, you say link to my YouTube account and it'll show you a code on
the screen and you go run to your computer and type that code in while you're signed
into Google and then it links the two together. Kind of like how Netflix works. So, but it
works. I mean, it's fantastic. Why? I don't know. This sounds stupid. Here's, here's the
thing and I don't know if you know this, Logie. Um, you can't watch any clip that's been flagged
for copyright content. Like, you know how like YouTube will keep some of the copyright
content stuff up, but it'll just have a link to whatever song is being used in it at the
bottom. You know, say like this has stuff from UMG music group and click here to buy
the song though. All of those are pulled from Xbox live, which I act, I get why because,
you know, there's all the jukebox usage rights and all that stuff and they don't want to
pay it, but it does put a damper on some of the things that you want to really watch on
YouTube. But like I would think like, okay, like the way that Jamie and Dan have it set
up, they watch YouTube's a lot on their TV of like game play throughs and stuff, but
I don't think they should have to change that. But not everybody sets up a rig like that.
Yeah. Well, here's the thing though. It's like an, and I understand that it's kind of
cool that they have that and stuff, but I'll, I'll tell you this much. To get a rig to actually
watch YouTube videos on a TV, um, is fucking dirt cheap. I mean, so dirt cheap. It's ridiculous.
I remember actually one time, uh, well I was last year actually that, um, not actually
this year, I was doing that, was it project under $100 thing where I was going to create
a main cabinet under a hundred dollars. Yeah, whatever happened to that? Yeah, I just didn't,
I didn't want to build a main cabinet out of cardboard boxes. So I came out to $101
and you were like, shit. No, no, I was able to do it under a hundred dollars, but, um,
I just didn't want to. I saw the computer and stuff though in my garage, but I bought
the computer for 30 bucks. It's a Pentium 4 for 30 bucks and it was, I mean, it's capable
of running MAME and most of the games for, but a Pentium 4 computer can also run YouTube.
I mean, I think for the most part and hell, you can even get like, you know, mini ITX
computers or Adam computers or whatever. Um, very, very dirt cheap if you want to set up
something that's mainly for watching YouTube videos or fuck any other, if you have a computer
at home, it's moving next to the computer, you know, to your TV and you can watch videos
that way. I mean, that's, it's just a lot easier than having the fuck around with these
apps and stuff. And to me, it's sad that they have it that way. That's so difficult to just
have it work.
I'm going to jump in here. We're going to come back to the subject in a little bit,
but as I promised a little bit earlier, um, I'm waiting for a phone call and that phone
call is coming in right now. So, hi caller, are you there?
Hello.
Hey, is this Justin?
Sure is.
What is up Justin? First off, thank you so much for calling in tonight. Um, you're like
on vacation or something right now, right?
I am. I'm a halfway home from Disneyland. Me and the lady, uh, drove out there. I got
a couple of days. We're heading back to Vegas now.
Nice. I saw you did my tip at Haunted Mansion on Foursquare.
Yeah. Yeah. I think you left a couple tips throughout Disneyland and I did whatever I
found.
I probably did. Well, that's awesome. Well, anyway, um, Justin, thanks for calling in
tonight. Um, I, let me, I tried to give a little bit of background before you called
in tonight, but I know everybody knows you're calling in to talk about Xbox hacks tonight
and I got to say, I've been following your updates through Twitter because you and I
got hacked kind of around the same time, but it seems like your shit has been going on
forever. And yeah, it lasted four months and I've, I've seen your updates on Facebook and
it came to the point where I'm like, Justin, I, I need you to call in and tell this story
because people need to hear how bad Microsoft is dicking people around with this. So I think
for people to better understand this, let's go back to the beginning.
So let's talk about day one. First time you ever found out your Xbox got hacked. What
happened? How'd you find out you were hacked?
All right. Uh, let me start by saying I am on the road and if signal cuts out, you know,
I'll call back, but just let me know if the signal starts cutting out, we'll, we'll make
it work. So day one back in August, it was like August, uh, mid August, say the 13th,
14th, something like that. Uh, I get an email saying that, uh, my, the, what was it? I got
a purchase confirmation for, uh, altogether $125 worth of Microsoft points.
Was it all that FIFA stuff? Was it the FIFA stuff?
What's that? Was it the FIFA 12 stuff that it seems like
No, actually, uh, the FIFA stuff, I, mine had nothing to do with any of the FIFA stuff.
I heard a ton of people get screwed over by the FIFA thing. Uh, and apparently that was
because there's something you can do on FIFA where it equates to real money. I guess that
like people are building these super teams at FIFA, uh, by purchasing, uh, players, uh,
they have booster packs basically. And then they're selling the killer teams on Hebay
or what have you. So that's why people get screwed over with the FIFA stuff. But mine
was not related to that at all. I got one confirmation for 75 bucks and then another
one for 50 bucks. Uh, I got, I found it probably a couple hours after it happened. So I went
in, I checked, uh, checked all my stuff. I had to reset my password to get in there.
Saw that they had bought a bunch of, uh, I think they bought Alan Wake, Resident Evil
5, uh, some DLC for both of those, Assassin's Creed brotherhoods, DLC for that, some themes,
uh, and then just some other miscellaneous stuff. But it was all just kind of random
stuff. I thought that they had played a little bit of them. So I called Microsoft, well first
I called the bank. I called bank of America and I said, Hey, fraudulent charges, yada
yada. They said, okay, we'll just take care of it. Next day they had my money back. So
no problems there. I called Microsoft right after I called the bank and I told them what
had happened and they said, okay, well, uh, we're sorry this happened. We're going to
close your countdown while we look into it and we'll have this taken care of within 25
business days or something like that. There would be no longer than 25 to 30 days.
One thing I want to jump in here and point out real quick, just one small difference
between what you did and what I did is that you called your bank first and I didn't do
that. I called, or I called Microsoft first and I think, yeah, I find that kind of interesting
because I wonder if that's part of the reason why here's story's going to take a different
turn here in a minute. But anyway, sorry. I just want to point that out. Go ahead.
Okay. So yeah, I, uh, I waited a little while, uh, probably three or four weeks and then
I called back and said, Hey, just checking in. Just want to see what's going on. And
I said, well, you know, we're still working on it. I said, okay, cool. So I waited a little
bit longer, a couple of weeks past. And at this point we're past the 25 days they had
voted me. So I called back and I said, Hey, uh, you know, you guys missed your deadline.
I just wanted to get a status update, find out what's going on. You know, same as before
they were apologetics. Uh, they didn't have any news for me. They told me there's nothing
they can do to, uh, figure out, uh, with any more detail what's actually going on. Uh,
now I just have to stick it out. So at that point I said, well, can you guys hook me up
with anything to make a support? They said, sure. Here's the code for a free month of
Xbox live. And, uh, they assured me that that would be on top of whatever time I get reimbursed
at the end of the whole fiasco. So I said, all right, we'll, we'll three months, a live
whatever hung up one about my business, few more weeks past. And I called back and, uh,
they said the same thing. I whined about it a little more. They gave me another code for
a month of live. And that was that few more weeks past. And this is the point where I
started taking angry Facebook posts, Twitter posts, Google plus posts, trying to get screwed
over here. At this point, you've said a few weeks, a few weeks, a few weeks. So you're
talking like you're at like 10, 12 weeks at this point, right? Were you somewhere between
two and three months, around two months is when I started getting really upset because
I wasn't playing my Xbox a whole lot. I figured at least I'll have this all sorted by the
time all the good games start coming out, I'll be able to play modern warfare three
and all that stuff. Right. So the, when I really got upset was the day modern warfare
three came out. Now I'm not a fan of the modern warfare series, but I figured this was going
to be here. I was going to get it, start playing with all my friends and get into all that
stuff. Well, I bought modern warfare three and then remembered, Oh, wait, I can't play
online. So I called against that night and I said, look, this wasn't a problem before
the games are starting to come out that I want to play. So I need to have this fixed
and same thing, just, I'm sorry, but I can't help you. I don't have any more information.
We're very sorry this happened, but there's nothing we can do. So what else can I do?
You know, I was starting to feel pretty hopeless at this point. I said, okay, well deal with
it. And I went, played some, I started playing something on my Wii, I think. I went back
and started playing Mario Galaxy or something. So a couple more weeks passed and I'm at the
point where I'm telling them every time I call like, look, I'm going to call every week
now and keep on doing this until I, until I get a result. And I did so I kept on calling
and every time they just would give me the run around and say, no, there's nothing we
can do. So about a week ago I called and I don't know about a week ago I got an email
saying, Hey, we see that you got, you regained access to your account. So we're closing your
case, have fun. And I was on my way to work at this time so I could check on it immediately.
But when I got to work, I went online and I checked it out and I still couldn't get
to my account via xbox.com and still said your account is temporarily blocked.
And to point this out, you're talking from August to a week ago, December.
Yeah. Yeah. From mid August until last week. So I got the email that said that everything
was good. I went to xbox.com and found out that everything was not good because I still
couldn't get to my account. So I called them on my lunch break and I said, look, I got
this email. I mean, it's been going on since August, try and understand my frustration
here. Like I apologize upfront because I knew I was going to get hostile at some point during
a phone call. So I told them the whole situation, let them read over my case notes, gave them
like three service requests numbers I had, uh, told them, you know, I want to be able
to play my xbox. You know, I got this email, but I still can't get to my account. And they
said, Oh, okay, we'll go to your console. And I said, well, I'm not at my console on
my lunch break. So they said, all right, we'll call it back later when you're at your console.
And at this point I really felt like I would get ripped off here. So I asked them if they
could do anything like give me a year of xbox live to pick up for it. Cause what's a year
of xbox live, 40 or 50 bucks. Right. Right. So, so I asked them that and they said, no,
actually we can't do that. That's kind of what I was expecting, but I will talk to someone
who can hook that up and she said, well, let me talk to my supervisor, but you won't be
able to do anything either. So supervisor came on, told her the whole situation after
a year of life. She said, no, I can't do that. I can get you, uh, two extra months. We see
that you already got two months before I can give you two more months and that I'll pick
up for the four months that you lost. And that'll be that. And at this point I'm a little
angry because before I got those two one month codes, they told me that those months would
be on top of whatever time I was reimbursed. So I relate this information to the supervisor
I was now talking to and she said, well, you were misinformed. We can give you two months
or not take it or leave it. And so I, I mean, I, I never, ever yell at people on the phone
because I know they have jobs and I would hate to be answered. So I blew up at this
point. I just, you know, kind of let her have it. I said, look, I mean, this is four months.
You don't, I don't think you understand how much trouble this has been for me. I've been
on the phone literally like five or six hours total with Microsoft trying to get this resolved
and all because don't jerk off, pack an alert bank account or hacked into my Xbox account
and spent a bunch of my money. Like I feel like I'm being punished for nothing. I did.
And she was not very receptive to that. She took kind of reiterated, I can give you two
months on top of two months where he gave you about that. So we went back and forth.
You know, I kept on saying that it's ridiculous. This is ridiculous. She kept sitting there
with nothing to do. Finally, she conceded and said, okay, well I'll give you 500 points
in addition to the two bucks. And yeah, exactly. I said, what is that, six bucks? Like is that
one of my five or six dollars? What does that translate to, five hundred bucks?
Six twenty five.
Yeah, six twenty five.
Six twenty five. Okay. So yeah, we're six dollars and twenty five cents for Microsoft
at the cost of that. And I told her like, you realize you're about to lose a customer
over, you know, 50 bucks, right? Because all I'm asking for is a year and a half, that's
it. She just kept on reiterating. She couldn't do anything. So I took what I could get from
her because my lunch break was over. I had to get back to work. I left her my contact
info and asked her to have her supervisor. Oh, right. I asked to speak to her supervisor
earlier on the call and she said that he wouldn't be in until the next day in the evening. So
she was apparently the highest level person I could talk to at that time. So, so anyway,
she said she would pass along my contact information to her boss and have him call me back, which
never happened, by the way. So later that night, I actually, sorry, when I got back
from lunch, when I was back in my office, I typed out that quick Google Plus post basically
saying like, this is what's going on. You know, an update because I posted probably
three or four times previous after each call and kind of updated everyone as to what's
going on. I don't know how many people actually cared or if it looked like I was starting
to be whining, but I had to get it out somewhere, you know, I just couldn't just let it go without
telling people what was going on. So, uh, I made that post on Facebook and Google Plus.
And at that point I linked to my public Google Plus post on my Twitter account and I cc'd
Toulouse and is that how you say his name? Toulouse? Toulouse? Anyway, that guy and Major
Nelson. And Major Nelson actually replied to me on Google Plus that, sorry, I had a
bad experience. Shoot me an email with your gamertag and your service request number and
let me see if I can figure out what's going on. So I sent him an email the next day. He
said, all right, cool. I'm going to investigate it. And a few hours later I got a call from
Beth at Exceptions Management. She was, yeah, they have an exceptions management department.
So I spoke to Beth for a while. She was amazing, super friendly, super personable, very empathetic,
helps me get everything sorted. She went and got my account unlocked for me while I was
on the phone, waited for me to make sure I could get into it.
Just to make it clear, just to make it clear before, just to make it clear, before you
could get to this person who could actually handle your issue and take care of everything
right there on the spot. It sounds like she had the button. You had to go through Major
Nelson to get to her. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Let's step back even further here. They
have a department for people that make exceptions to the rule. What?
I pointed out to her like, you know, this would have been so much easier if the supervisor
earlier could have just taken care of this for me. And she said, no, they actually can't
do that. They don't have that ability. But Beth, who I was speaking to, didn't have the
ability.
I don't have the ability to help you. Oh my gosh. Okay. So, so Beth or whoever, finally,
it sounds like satisfies you. Like, you know, what, what, what did they hook you up with
in the end?
Yeah, well, so she took care of me and she was like, okay, well, we're all set. And without
even asking, she said, well, how about, you know, I know you have them for a year report.
How about six months? That's, you know, I think that's what I could really get away
with doing. At that point, I was just so happy that she was willing to help me and all that.
She kind of offered it without me bugging about it. I said, okay, six months is fine.
So she gave me a couple coats for, you know, two, three-month coats to redeem. And you
know, I was happy with that. I got a little something for it. I felt like Microsoft was
trying to appease me at that point. And I was just happy I could get back into my account.
So all's better, right? All's well that ends well, right? We're done?
Uh, well, not yet. Not yet. Uh, we're almost done. So I go home and I play a couple games
online. Everything's cool. Next morning I wake up and as I'm driving to work, I see
I get an email that says, Hey, we noticed you added a new email to your account, which
I did not do. And it's some Oscar hyphen four one eight at hotmail.com or something random
like that. And so, I mean, yeah, I got hacked again, less than 24 hours after this is all
resolved. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait. Put the brakes on. Hold on. You, you were out of your Xbox live account
for four months. Finally, thanks to major Nelson, you get back in 24 hours later, 24
hours later, you're hacked again. Yes. So I said, screw this. I'm not talking to Microsoft
again. Oh damn it. Now we're getting the service job. Hold on. Can you still hear us? Oh, hi,
go, go back. Go back a little bit. We lost you for a second. Okay. Yeah. Uh, so I got
the email. I, uh, sorry. Got a, that'll, I lost track there. Uh, let's say I walked in
on my phone to Xbox.com, went to change my password and all that stuff. Uh, as soon as
I got to work, I, you know, delete all my email accounts. I associated my account with
new email accounts, changed my password to something completely new that's never been
used anywhere. Uh, made sure that this person had not made any purchases on my account.
All my points were still there. There was no activity. So I just booted that email address
off my account and, uh, made everything, you know, brand new basically. So far since then
everything is cool. Okay. I have to ask these questions because listeners will kill me if
I don't ask these questions to get some things clear. You changed your password between the
first time and the second time, right? Yes. It was, it was not a brand new password. It
was one that I'd used in other places before. So one theory that I have is that maybe this
traces back to when all, you know, all the websites and Stoney and all that got hacked.
Maybe, uh, they got my password from something like that associated better, but it was not
my same password from before. But it was still different. They, they somehow got two different
passwords a year. Yeah. And I think, I was wondering also maybe they, uh, they hacked
into the email account that was associated with my Xbox account and that's how they were
doing it. Because if you have the email account, you can reset the password, you can get a
reset link sent to that email address. That could make sense. I don't know, maybe they
did something like that or maybe they did some social engineering and, uh, got a service
rupture request to reset it or something like that. But, you know, that stuff happens. I
usually pretty careful with this stuff. Do you think you were phished? Because I, that's
the line that Xbox has been saying is that, well, all these people are getting phished
and I'm like, the fuck I was getting phished. Man, I've been on the internet since I was
11 years old. I didn't get phished. Like I, I'm smarter than that. I don't click on links
that I don't know where they came from. Whenever I get any sort of email that says, hey, we're,
we need you to log in here or something like that, I don't click the link. I open a browser
and I type in the URL, you know, so I'm positive that I didn't get phished. And that's an easy
thing for a company to say, you know, put the blame on the users and make them think
that it's not their fault.
So, all right. So since, since we got to, we got to wrap this up and get back to the
show at some point, but I want to, I want to just kind of summarize here. You were hacked.
You went through four months of hoops. Finally, after getting Major Nelson involved, you speak
to the super secret department of Microsoft who can actually fix things when you talk
to them. 24 hours later, you're hacked again.
Yeah. So I want to, I want to make sure that I emphasize that Major Nelson, once I got
to that point, super helpful. Everything was taken care of pretty quickly. Microsoft just
really needs to get their stuff together when it comes to the initial, you know, interactions.
When this happens, they need to be a lot more swift with this, their, their investigation
team, as they kept calling it, needs to be more accessible and they need to get this
stuff done faster because the fact that I had to get Major Nelson involved, I mean,
I felt terrible trying to get his attention on Twitter to get this taken care of in the
first place. But once I did, everything was taken care of. So I don't want to encourage
people to just tweet at Major Nelson when other things go wrong. But I mean, that's,
that's what I ended up having to do to make this work. That's just insane.
Yes. And you know, what else is insane is that I'm seeing, I'm looking in our chat room
at chat.orangetontrader.com and I see MXT is in our chat room saying, I'm going through
the exact same thing that the guy they're interviewing is. This story is crazy similar
to what I'm going through. Microsoft is telling me that I'm not properly verifying the account
details, even though I successfully verified everything to start the investigation and
I've been using the same information. So it's not just you buddy, but Microsoft denies there's
a problem.
Yeah. And I know that you got, you got hacked and I've heard a few other people like I,
I posted one that initially happened, uh, uh, I write for Nukesilla. So I posted a story
on there, uh, basically saying, Hey, I just got hacked. So PSA, you know, I want to change
your password. So I got a bunch of comments on there. Probably half a dozen people saying
the same thing was happening to them. And I Googled around, found a ton of other people
get hacked. So, I mean, it's not an isolated issue. This is something that's happening
a lot. I don't know what the common thread is, but it's not, uh, something that only
a few people are getting hit by. And I've talked to a lot of other people like friends
of mine who said, Oh yeah, I just had to go through that too.
So, so what happens from here? Do you, do you think this is something you can put behind
you in a couple months and say, all right, whatever, I'm a Microsoft fan again, woohoo,
Modern Warfare on my Xbox, pew pew. Or like, has this like permanently damaged things?
It's, I mean, there's, there's definitely permanent damage. Uh, I think it's insane
that Sony got basically crucified for the hacks a few months ago, but I can't think
of a single instance in which anybody actually got, there was any fraudulent credit card
activity. You know, I didn't care if anybody actually losing money over that, but this
is going on with Microsoft and it's widespread and there's no press about it. I mean, people
aren't talking about this.
What can Microsoft do to mend those, make amends?
They need to fix their security holes, whatever they may be, or, uh, maybe send out a force
password reset. I don't know. They need to, they need to do something about it. I think
people need to be talking about this more so that people are more aware they can go
and change their passwords. Oh, one more thing I wanted to add to my story because I forgot
to mention it in the middle of it. Uh, they called me about a month in and said they needed
my console ID and serial number. I did not have that with me, so I called back a couple
of days and gave it to them, but they tried to use that as ammo when they were talking
about how long it was taking. They said, well, we needed the console ID and serial number,
so that resets the timer. And I said, well, you know, that was three months ago, but I
just wanted to throw that in there in the interest of having all the facts.
Fair enough. Fair enough. Still four months is pretty shitty.
Console ID and the serial number. I mean, they probably already have it.
How about look at where he's logging in from.
It took him a month to even ask me for that.
Silly. All right. Well, Justin, I got to wrap up so we can get back to tonight's news, but
thank you so much for calling in and sharing the story with you. I don't know what else
to say. I'm glad you got resolution for Microsoft, but I agree with you. Microsoft needs to admit
there's a problem more than putting the, because what Microsoft's doing here, and there's a
pattern. It's what happened to you. It's what they're saying on the internet. It's what
they're saying to MXT. They're saying the user base is the problem. We're the problem.
We're getting phished. We're causing the issues. We're not providing the console ID numbers
in time. The customer is not right, is what I'm hearing from Microsoft.
No, I did not get phished. I mean, it's definitely something on Microsoft's end. I mean, I'm
still going to play games on my Xbox, but I'm definitely going to be playing more games
on my PS3 as well.
Hey, home just got a renovation there. It's worth checking out.
Well, I was just going to ask now, did you have the same email associated with your PlayStation
network account as you did with your Xbox Live account?
Yes, it was the same email address.
See, so that's the thing.
That's why I was thinking it might have something to do with it.
That's the thing is I think that what they're saying with these hacks is that it's not necessarily
that people are getting phished. I think it's just that people are getting in through their
email accounts. And it's not an intrusion to Microsoft's Xbox Live service. It's just
a different way. So people are getting phished that way or are getting hacked via their email
accounts.
Can I, I have to ask, DarkSakura, what are you doing over there?
Checking my account.
I recommend everybody do the same thing. For God's sake.
Everyone listening right now, log into Xbox.com right now. Change the email address associated
with your account. Change your password and change your security question.
I changed mine ages ago, but not well, not ages ago, but like about a month and a half
ago.
Right. Right. So, all right. Well, Justin, thank you again so much. And God, I hope it
I hope it doesn't happen a third time. What else can I say?
Well, thank you very much for having me.
All right. No problem. Drive safe. Oh, wait. Did you want to plug your site or anything?
What's that?
Did you want to plug your site or anything? I don't know if it's appropriate, but.
Oh, yeah, absolutely. Check out Nukeszilla.com. We're actually in the middle of a month-long
review, Nukes-travaganza right now, where every day we're writing a review of a game.
First day, we wrote one sentence for the review. Second day was a two-sentence review. That
was my Pokemon review, actually. Third day, we wrote a three-sentence review and so on
until the end of the month.
It is-
We're about halfway through that right now. Go check it out.
It is blowing up over there at Nukeszilla.com. All right.
Absolutely.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
All right. Bye.
Bye.
Wow, wow, and more wow.
Apparently, MXT in the chat was saying that, oh, my God, they did the same thing to me
as far as asking for the console ID and serial number.
What's that? Oh, what's that?
That they did the same thing to him.
Oh, MXT, really? Oh, my gosh.
But, yeah, so-
Well, I mean, think about it. We don't have that big of an audience when you consider
the entire internet. We have, what, maybe 50, 60 people in chat right now, right? And
the fact that Justin's on the phone and one out of these 50 people is like, oh, yeah,
I'm going through this, too. What? This isn't a problem?
It's redonkulous.
Wow. Wow, wow, wow.
But it's the thing, though, is they're right in the fact that, yeah, it's not through-
I mean, if someone's getting access to your email account, how's that their problem?
I mean, that's not their fault that someone got access to your email because you happen
to use the same password that you use with the PlayStation Network stuff, and that list
got leaked out.
To be fair, Justin might have made a mistake if his email password and his Xbox Live were
the same. But, you know, whether he made a mistake or not, the hoops he's going through
is ridiculous.
But it doesn't even matter if those were the same because they can send a password reset.
Yeah, yeah.
But I think they still have to answer the security questions, if I'm ever correct. I
don't know.
I just want to say this real quick. Bobby Blackwell is sharing an idea with me. I don't
know if this will work for you or not. But he says, to help with the social engineering
aspect of it, change address line two in your account to read Xbox support. Do not assist
with recovery. That way, when the folks look at your account and see it, they won't try
to, you know, give- accidentally give out any information or make any changes or whatever
if somebody's trying to get it done that way. So, I find that interesting, an interesting
way to do it.
At the end of the day, honestly, I'm getting to the point where I'm using unique passwords
on different websites. Like, and it's kind of a pain in the ass to remember them all.
But it's like what I have to do. So, anyway.
All right. Moving on. We spent a good 20 minutes on that topic. But you know what? It's important.
And Justin's right. Not enough people are talking about it. And I said that back in
August. I'm saying it now. Like, at least we're finally saying like, okay, well, finally,
we're seeing that Xbox and EA's denying that there's a problem and warning people to not
get phished. I guess that's a baby step. But see, that's the thing, though, is they don't
even- you know, why didn't they just say, hey, you know, back- I mean, another video
game console provider or something like that, you know, was hacked earlier this year and
emails were leaked out. You may want to check that. I mean, I don't know. I don't know if
they can't see that because that's, you know, untactful or whatever. But, I mean, obviously
there's something going on. There may be some sort of restrictions for how much you can
spend in a day or something like that.
I think they need to just do the force password reset. And they don't want to get right through
the holes like Sony did. They're scared shitless of what happened to Sony.
If they do a force password reset, people are going, why are you doing that? Oh, well,
because there's a lot of people getting hacked. I mean, they're not going to come out and
say that. It draws suspicion.
All right, let's move on with news. That took up a big chunk of time, so we want to quickly
get through this.
Real quick, to finish up the whole TV program, we think. So Bloomberg is saying that Microsoft
is on the hunt for a TV exec to handle the original programming. And they said they also
have some candidates with Mark Graboff and Jess Gaspin, two ex-NBC suits, I guess.
And they're saying that they're thinking the original programming via Xbox Live dashboard,
including like the Major's Minute, Xbox 101, et cetera, and also possible tie-ins with
like IGN, all that stuff.
Of course, they had MSNBC, so it makes sense to do that. And of course, this week they
had the launch of a few more applications, YouTube, TMZ, Verizon, FiOS, if you happen
to have that, and I believe, was it iHeartRadio, MSNBC, Muzu TV, if you're in some of the European
countries, Rogers On Demand in Canada, SBS On Demand in Australia, and RTVE in Spain,
and MSN Video in some of the European countries, and Blinkbox. All different streaming stuff
there.
TMZ, I haven't even looked at that. I don't even know.
I actually looked at the TMZ stuff. It's similar to the phone app. It's Celebrity Gossip. They
go out and get the videos, the raw footage of celebrities walking out of famous restaurants
and stuff. They do a live show that I think is broadcast on Sirius and all that. If you
like Hollywood gossip stuff, which I don't think many of you do, but that might be a
way for them to try and reach out to a different demographic.
Here's what I don't like about it, and I think it'd be awesome as if it was actually set
up like TV. Like you have channels. It would be awesome.
It's easier for me to log into a computer and type TMZ.com or hit a button on my phone.
I just don't think the Kinect interface is yet there. If I want to go check TMZ, I don't
go sit on my couch. Okay. Xbox, Kinect, TMZ, Bing.
I think they should have live TV or something like that as an option. They should have these
TMZ channels where they have some TMZ shows or whatever they're on at certain times, and
then you watch it actually like TV instead of having to... Because I think that would
be really cool, and that would get a lot more people interested in it because it's in addition
to their own TV. They can actually watch the Xbox TV instead of, oh, hey, look, I can queue
up all these videos. Yeah, you know what? You can do that with the PC, and I'm sure
most people out there have PCs even if you don't have an Xbox. Why would you bother downloading
this app and going through all this crap? It's more of a hassle.
Maybe once they have a remote control or something. I just don't think Kinect is as fast as they
want it to be. They do have a remote control. Do they? Yeah, maybe they have the little
infrared remotes. I agree with your whole thing. It needs to be channel up and channel
down or something like that to get to the stuff. It should be like web TV. Well, not
necessarily web TV, but like IPTV or something like that. Speaking of MSNBC, I want to break
in real quick with some real world news. What is it with world news going on in the middle
of our show? Because remember earlier this year, Osama bin Laden was reported dead and
all that. Well, they didn't kill anybody, but Kim Jong Il from North Korea has died
according to the Associated Press and it's on msnbc.com, which I mean, not to be crass.
I mean, it's sad when a world leader dies, I realize he's a controversial figure. I'm
just going to stay far away from that and just say, I believe it was reported he was
having, he had pancreatic cancer related issues. So, you know, and that was the same thing
that got Steve Jobs sadly. So that, um, cancer sucks. That's my point. So there you go. If
that, I mean, allegedly that's what obviously with world leaders, they're always very secretive,
but you know, there you have it. All right. Uh, moving on, uh, more gaming news. Who's
going to be making a death night of him in wow. And wow. Yeah. I remember my friend,
uh, from a hoard house. Matt, uh, had rip Steve Jobs already for the big day. All right.
Anyhow, uh, the circle pad is coming out in the U S that's of course the, you know, a
little attachment for the three ds and extra little thing there on the three ds. However,
uh, it's coming out February 7th, so it'll be out next year. It'll be $20, which I guess
is a reasonable price, but here's the deal. It's a GameStop exclusive yet again. Nintendo
has chosen to go the GameStop exclusive route, but this time I don't believe you can get
it on nintendo.com. Can you? I think you can only get this at GameStop. So if you want
the circle pad pro for 20 bucks, that will allow you a, an extra pad in resident evil
revelations, a metal gear, solid three d snake eater. Uh, you got to check that out at GameStop
only on February 7th. And I got two words for that. Fuck that. I hate this. I, you know,
you guys all know how I feel about it. It's no secret. I hate that it's all this exclusive
retailer stuff and I'm not going to support it and it pisses me off. I actually kind of
wanted that circle pad, but not for the reason you think. Um, I don't know about you guys,
but I've had my hand hurt playing Mario Kart because I don't think that the three ds is
very ergonomically designed very well because like my thumb like starts to hurt from the
acceleration button and trying to use the shoulder buttons for like a long period of
time. We have to kind of like hold the a button down. It's not bothered me in any other game
today. Like it doesn't bother me in Mario three d land. It only bothers me in Mario
Kart. But I was thinking if I had kind of the extension that that circle pad provides
that there's a more, more rest for my thumb there and it might work better, but I'm not
buying it this way. I guess I could import one, but I don't like that idea either. To
be honest, I guess I'm just going to have to wait for the three ds redesign that will
release the three ds they probably should have put out in the first place. Yeah, they'll
do a three ds redesign, but here's the thing I, and I suggested this on Twitter. Um, it's
a peripheral. There'll be third party solutions for it and there'll be probably third party
solutions. They're even better than it, you know, the official Nintendo one. So just wait
to wait to get it. I mean, um, there's no reason you need to rush out and do it. And
honestly, you know, before we were like saying, Oh, maybe the reason that GameStop has the
exclusive on, you know, Xenoblade is because, um, they may have helped to pay for the import
stuff, but for the circle pad, ah, I don't think so. I think that it's just, I don't
know, unless I was part of the Xenoblade stuff. Yeah, so I'm not happy about the whole thing,
but I don't know what, I don't know what Nintendo has to gain from this, to be honest, by being
in bed with GameStop so much. But here's the only thing I can think of. I hate that this
is a pattern. That they think that this is going to be a niche product and that they
don't want to save money. They're going to ship everything to one, one source, basically
GameStop, you know, cause they do this in distribution, um, all the time or even their
direct retail partners is that these companies will, to save money, they will drop retail
partners and make them go through distribution, um, to, you know, drop the amount of locations
to save on freight and just streamline everything so they don't have to ship to all these different
locations. They ship to five locations instead and let them sort it out from there. So maybe
that's what they're doing with this because they're thinking that they're just not going
to sell a lot of it. And yeah, I think they're right. They're not going to sell a lot of
it because it's not a peripheral that's absolutely needed for some stuff, but it's nice. But
once again, I mean, come on, this totally screams that they're going to do a revision
of this thing. Yeah, no, I, and I can kind of see where you're going with that. It is
a bit of a niche thing and, and you know, the developers are kind of in a, in a stuck
place. They can't really design games to require this, especially now, you know, like I think
ever if they're not going to be able to, well, hold on though, because the new Zelda game
requires Wii motion plus, which really wasn't a part of the week when they do a redesign
of the 3ds. Eventually I think they could start to require it kind of down the line,
but I don't think they could, it's going to be a good year or two. I mean, that's how
long games take to develop anyway. It's going to be a good year or two before that's required.
I think if they're going to start doing games that require stuff, they better do it sooner
than later because they want, you know, the least amount of consoles to be affected by
it. All right, well let's move on to Dark Sakura with some news. There's news. It exists
and this one is about Square Enix. The Square Enix members site actually was shut down and
according to Square Enix, they said that they were actually looking to see exactly how deep
the breach goes. It looks like it was indeed hacked. So they said that it was a server
that was used by members in the US and Japan and so they shut down the server so that they
can see exactly what's gone on. They said they can't confirm that there's any possibility
of credit card information leak since that server that was hacked doesn't contain any
credit card information. But they're going to look through it and double check everybody.
So if you were on there, your credit card's safe. If not, ain't your problem. So there's
that. At least it's not your Xbox getting hacked. At least nothing was taken. But once
again though, if you have your email associated with that Square Enix account that may also
be associated with a console or you may share a password on that site that you also share
on your console, you may think about changing that just to be on the safe side.
So there's been a lot of lawsuits against Sony for different things. One of the more
popular ones is the other OS removal and there was a class action lawsuit actually with Sony
about that. A federal judge has dismissed all counts of the suit. It's interesting though.
All of the claims have been dismissed I guess back in February. But I guess they amended
their claims and of course they dismissed the amended claims as well. The quote they
have from I guess Judge Richard Seaborg is in light of the prior amendment and the fundamental
shortcomings in the plaintiff's basic theory that it was wrongful for Sony to release the
software update in dispute, leave to amend will be denied. So they're not allowing them
to amend it again and they're basically dismissing it. So basically they allowed the people to
keep the other OS but they obviously had to decline the update and basically it was well
within Sony's rights to do that whether you like it or not. I think that's part of the
reason why you can use your license agreement so they can do that kind of stuff. You know
it's not what we were saying. And technically you know it wasn't an advertised feature on
the box even though it was something that they talked about and you know different developer
conferences and E3 and stuff like that. You mean the little fine notes there but it wasn't
something that they go hey you can run Linux on this because I mean but then again Linux
on anything anyway. Then again though you can still kind of run Linux on it if you know
you jailbreak it and give it an amount of time or some more time and jailbreaking will
probably be legal soon enough and then you can do what you want. But once again they
can also you know prevent you from playing online if they have that ability. Although
I mean if you think about it it's not only does you know the other OS thing doesn't necessarily
just stop you from playing online it stops you from playing new games because new games
require firmware updates that are included on the disk and those updates remove other
OS so it kind of sucks. Damned if you do damned if you don't. I mean just maybe maybe buy
a computer that do Linux instead of actually using you know your PlayStation 3 unless you're
the military and then you can buy a whole bunch of them just specifically for that but
it's just either going to be a computer or a game console. They're busy curing cancer
below their game. You can still do the folding at home without having the other OS stuff.
I never used the other OS. I thought about it for a while but just never got around to
it. I have a laptop with Linux on it. What do I need that for on my. Yeah I don't I think
if people are just looking for a reason to have their panties in a bunch. Yeah. So real
quick let's talk a little bit. Yeah I'm sure we're kind of talked about this during kind
of what we're playing this week. But yes in case you haven't heard and you happen to have
bought a 3DS early on you're one of the early adopters if you will. You are of course going
to get some more games as part of the ambassadors program. You'll be getting 10 free Gameboy
Advance games as well and this is kind of cool. Some actually really good games in there
which I was very pleasantly surprised to see. They include Super Mario Advance 3 Yoshi's
Island, Mario Kart Super Circuit, Metroid Fusion, WarioWare Mega Micro Games, Mario
vs Donkey Kong, Wario Land 4, Kirby and the Amazing Mirror, Fire Emblem, The Sacred Stones,
The Legend of Zelda The Minish Cap, and F-Zero Maximum Velocity. Some of those games actually
I recently sold with one of my old DS's. I gotta say some of those games haven't aged
too well either. Because I played the Mario Kart Super Circuit and F-Zero which I love
the F-Zero on the GameCube but yeah the F-Zero on Gameboy Advance I guess wasn't that good
or one of those things you kind of remember more fondly 10 years ago. These games aren't
that old but still they're kind of showing their age a little bit. Especially the Mario
Kart. Like it's hard to go from playing Mario Kart 7 on your 3DS to going to play Mario
Kart Super Circuit because it's like why am I not able to get the nitro boost when I do
the turn or you know some of that. So it controls really funky too compared to 7. And I gotta
say Mario Kart 7 man that's a good looking game. I mean the screenshots don't do it justice
at all or even the gameplay video doesn't do it justice. But man it's just really crisp.
But some of the other like Gameboy Advance like Metroid is great. WarioWare is amazing.
You know there's a lot of great. You know the best. Even though it's not in the bundle
it's still the best. River City Ransom. What on Gameboy Advance? That's right. Heck yeah
it was really good. But that's not a first party Nintendo game. That's the one thing
all these games have in common. No but I'm saying that it's a game that has aged well.
And hello Yoshi's Super Mario 2 Yoshi's Island which yes I realize is whatever they redid
it as for the Gameboy Advance but still that's an amazing game. And then also one thing I
read is kind of a little tip because I know the Gameboy Advance stuff gets stretched out
when you play it. You can actually hold start or select while you're starting the game up
and it will shrink it down. Yeah funny enough Kijuno in our chatroom at chat.orangelandrater.com
says Rob did you play the Gameboy Advance games in small window mode? Yeah I actually
didn't like it. I just I didn't mind the stretched images. Especially for like WarioWare. It
doesn't matter. Those games weren't like cutting edge graphics. But I can see where the stretch
gets kind of yucky on some of the other games. So I get why you can do that. But it's too
small. Windows too small when you do it that way. Zether in our chatroom is saying you
know the Gameboy Advance F-Zero is more of a throwback to the SNES games. I thought the
SNES games control better. I will say though it is interesting to play those games with
the circle pad. Because it works. I mean you know. But we didn't have like a circle pad
on the Gameboy Advance so it's kind of neat to have that. Yeah. So. Alright. Alright Dark
Sakura what do you have for us? Well I have some more stuff. This actually has to do with
Ultima Online 2. There was apparently something said by Richard Garriott who was looking to
talk to EA about publishing a new Ultima Online. He said that they would they would love to
have access to the Ultima property and had discussions with EA about it. But EA apparently
is not down for that. They've said no we're not. What's he talking about? In fact the
quote actually says I'm not sure what Richard Garriott is referring to. So it doesn't look
like that might actually be happening. Maybe he's feeling a little bit sorrowful that you
know Tabula Rasa didn't work out the space thing. Maybe. Not really doing that now but.
But there is something about an Ultimate Collector project that does start with Ultima. Hmm.
Maybe no. Ultima was a great series though. I would like to see it make a comeback in
some form or another. I know they have the web game I think was the last big thing I
saw them doing. But some people are still freaking playing Ultima Online. They gave
it they gave it a big redesign a few years ago to kind of make it a little more current.
So it's kind of cool. Let's see. Alright let's travel around the world and look at some release
dates and check out what's coming out to an arcade or excuse me a home console. I wish
it was a tradition arcade but to a console near you soon. Well probably not a lot right.
Yeah. I hope you like Star Wars The Old Republic because that's all that's coming out this
week on PC. Nice. That's it. Alright. It's pretty good. Let's go to Japan and check out
what's coming out there. Now I do want to point out the Vita is out in Japan. That was
one of the big releases of this past week. And of course you see a lot of the unboxing videos
and a lot of stuff. I thought about importing it until I saw the six hundred dollar for
just the console thing. Oh my God. Like a hundred bucks each. No thank you. All right.
Things are a little more exciting in Japan than just one game this week on the Xbox 360
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 gets a dubbed version for Japanese release this week. Divinity
2 The Dragon Knight Saga and Musou Orochi 2 comes in a regular and treasure box edition
from Koei Tecmo comes out this week on the Xbox 360. That's a is this a fighting game.
I think this is a fighting series. Oh yeah it's a fighting series from Koei. It's probably
like a Dynasty Warriors universe fighter. Orochi has to do with a legend an old legend.
What was that was it Orochi? Yeah. Musou. Yeah. I think it might be all that stuff.
On the PlayStation 3 pretty much the same games I just mentioned Modern Warfare 3 Musou Orochi 2
a couple extra games there though. Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu 2011. Need for Speed Hot
Pursuit gets a price reduction and next week in Japan I got to get this out there because we're
not going to be here next week. The Idolmaster Graver For You Volume 3 comes out next week. I
know The Idolmaster is like a really big series over in Japan. Going to some of the other consoles
I want to check out at least like the Wii and the Vita. Nothing really on the Wii that I can see.
Oh wait I was looking at the Wii U no wonder I don't see anything there. My name my brain
combined them into the WETA. On the Wii Inazuma Eleven Strikers 2012 Extreme. That's the lone
Wii release this week and let's see if there's anything on the 3DS or the Vita. Any late starts
out the gate. Oh yeah Ultimate Marvel versus Capcom 3. Oh that's a general Asia region release
comes out this week and quickly let me look on the 3DS. There is a looks like there's a branded
Nintendo 3S a Gundam 3DS. Oh no the SD card it's just the SD cards. Oh no no this is the full 3DS.
Are they SD Gundam cards? Yeah yeah like they're SD cards little Gundam characters and then they
actually have a 3DS that has. That makes it funny because they're SD Gundams. It was a series SD
Gundam. I gotcha. Well there is a game also to go with it SD Gundam G generation 3D is out this week.
SD Gundams are so cute. All right there you go that's your Japanese releases. The UK um on the 20th
Star Wars The Old Republic um and the 21st Oddworld Strangers Wrath HD on PS3. That's it.
Pretty quick series of release dates yep. That's what happens this time of year. All right Loki.
All right um man it's always dead this time of year but thankfully though it won't be dead to
along in um first quarter of next year. Nintendo has announced their upcoming release list uh for
their you know titles um hitting the Wii and 3DS and of course on Nintendo DS as well.
Some notable stuff um Kid Icarus Uprising getting a date finally. It's going to be coming out
in March and uh I love how this isn't working. March 23rd um so that's pretty cool. Wish it was
coming out earlier than that but whatever I'll wait. Um other notable stuff Mario Kart I'm sorry
Mario Party 9 on the Wii coming out March 11th. Also Poke Park 2 Wonders Beyond on February 27th
also on the Wii. Uh let's see some other stuff. They're also going to be getting um some cool
eShop stuff. VVVVV um for the 3DS will be coming out first quarter next year as well as Night Sky
and uh Mighty Switch Force Zen Pit Ball and Mutant Mudds and I guess uh Kirby's Block Ball
is going to be brought to the Virtual Console as well for the 3DS. Um they're going to be
coming out for the 3DS. Um on uh WiiWare La Mulana is supposed to be coming out. That's pretty cool.
And then uh someone tell DT to keep it in his pants. Yeah he's already well aware of La Mulana
coming out. Nice. He's he's on the pulse of La Mulana. Um Rhythm Heaven Fever that's coming out
February 13th on the Wii. That's also going to be $29.99. So uh you're a nice budget price for that
honestly never got into those. But uh and then of course the Circle Pad Pro will be coming out
around that time. All right well before we get to the classic game of the week I gotta share this
story that's going around the internet this week making its way on the gaming blogs. Uh a very
interesting censorship issue going on on the Nintendo 3DS. Imagine if you were Ashton Kutcher
and you tried to name your Mii on your 3DS Ashton. Uh Nintendo apparently is censoring that name
believing that it contains objectionable content. Because think about it Ashton if you spell it out
A S H. Yeah it sounds like a shit ton or um ass ton maybe. I don't know but this. So if you like
Aston Martin's you can't have one? I guess not. So this poor guy named Ashton I mean it's not
Ashton Kutcher obviously but that's you know a common use of the name or we would think like
oh there are people named this in the world. Because if it was Ashton Kutcher that shit would
be fixed. Maybe done. But somebody who also has the name Ashton uh tried to set up he named his
Mii that and he named his um uh the Mii creator that and it got censored. And he actually shows
there's a whole YouTube video and you can see the YouTube for yourself it's posted there. Uh
it is on user L E Y V I U R. Leave your? Take it or leave your? Uh so you can see this and he
actually shows his Mii and then he shows what it looks like on his friend's system where it's
replaced it with a bunch of question marks because apparently the name Ashton is objectionable. Now
Ashton Kutcher I find objectionable but this poor guy who just happens to have the same name
shouldn't have to suffer the consequence of Ashton Kutcher being crappy. So.
Man wouldn't you hate to find out that Nintendo just suddenly deemed your name offensive?
It's stupid. I'm offended by Rob. Yeah I feel like you're gonna steal from me. It's like you're
gonna rob a bank or something. Hey well it's good though that they was it for the 3DS they've
patched it so that they can add DLC right? So does that mean they're gonna be able to bug fix stuff
like this? Well I suppose they could get firmware updates. They could do that in a firmware update.
That firmware update really did kind of you know it was like they changed everything in that
console. I mean they they overwrote some of the stuff in the the find me thing. They overwrote
it was a lot of changes so they can they could they could fix it if they want. I know they can.
But they're not. No not unless Ashton Kutcher tweets about it. So somebody should send him
that YouTube. But they could do it though because remember there's issues with Street Fighter where
it wasn't working correctly or Ridge Racer or something like that. One of the launch titles
was like bugged or something. Yeah so they fixed that. It's sad that you know because we're gonna
get into a story later on but it's sad that that Nintendo hasn't embraced the ability to
patch games. Right? Stupid. Yeah all right let's uh let's take a look at the classic game of the
week. I thought of it in my car. Every week we take a stroll down memory lane because you know
at one one day you didn't have these 3DSs that were banning people's names. You used to just
one day actually in tonight's case you used to walk into an arcade and there actually were
arcade games there and not like machines that spat tickets out. Right. So you have to recognize
the classic games in the past the way things used to be. You better recognize. You better recognize or
a recognizer will force you to play games. All right so you have to play Space Paranoids over
and over. Dark Soccer enough set up. What is tonight's classic game of the week? Xavius.
It is a vertical scrolling shooter by Namco and it came out in 1982. You know what else came out in
1982 Rob? What? Tron. Awesome. Yeah it was a game done by Masanobu Endo and uh it was released by
Atari in the US and it runs on the Galaga hardware. But I just have to say I find the um background
music on this to actually get kind of annoying. I might have to kill it at some point. The um in
Brazil the cabinet actually says Colombia for the game but the software still says Xavius.
So um you use um an uh eight directional joystick to move an aircraft called the Silvelo which has
a forward firing zapper and a blaster that lets you send the air to surface bombs down for ground
targets. And it's supposed to be set in Peru. So you have to basically just fly around and shoot
shit. It's a shmup. You have 16 areas and it loops back to area 7 after 16 and uh you just keep going
over terrain and shooting shit. So if you complete at least 70% of the area before dying then um like
when you die then you actually will start at the next level instead. It constantly flies forward
just like any good shmup. Um you actually can make it through the whole game without killing anybody
for the record. Although not really. Where's the fun in that? I know right? The challenge is not
getting hit. Um it is one of the very I would have to put it in the first of the uh uh shmups.
It actually one of an earlier one before that was Caverns of Mars on uh the uh Atari computer.
Um it was really really cool. It uses a lot of different um uh techniques for it. It uses palette
shifting for color changes and it's just really amazing. Um they also had a uh a few hidden bonuses
in it that you could find by doing a secret maneuver. Um one of them was a special flag from
Rally X. And what happens if you find the flag then you um get an extra life. It's in a bunch of
Namco games. Um and the slogan when this came out was are you devious enough to play Xevious?
Oh and then it says the arcade game you can't play at home. I'm gonna play some of the music from the
I'm gonna play some of the music from the um the the newer the newer one. Well
actually there were um pretty big uh music stars in Japan who were big fans of the games. And uh
one of them who was Keisuke Kawata um of Southern All-Stars actually did an album uh that was all
based off of Namco video games and Xevious was the centerpiece one. And then um there was also
a 12-inch single that had uh liner notes and a science fiction story written by um the creator
um Masa no Blendo uh that had uh it was set in the world of Xevious and had its own language
included. Um there was also a three-part novel written about it called uh Fairdraw F-A-R-D-R-A-U-T
um but the theory is that it doesn't sound like it was ever released or if it was released it
was really limited release. There were other games that came out in the series. In 84 it was Super
Xevious that was basically the same game just harder and uh Sylvilo in 1991 which was first
person sort of it uses 3D flat shaded polygons and they only came out in Japan. Xevious 3D-G um
in 1995 was basically a 3D textured um on top of polygons and two-player play only in Japan although
I've seen one. Xevious Arrangement in 1995 that was part of the Namco Classic Volume 1 collection
also included Xevious and Super Xevious. Um Grubda which was a spin-off starring an enemy
a tank with corkscrew treads that came out in 84. Also um new versions for the home system was
Super Veevious Gamp no Nazo in 1986 which came out for uh the Famicom and the Nintendo Vs.
I'm sorry why is that versus series um in the arcades. Uh basically there's different riddles
you have to solve to get through it. Um there was Xevious Fardrop Saga which was um an MSX2 game
and it was done by Compile. Compile does amazing stuff. You can actually uh pick from four
different ships you have the Sylvilo, the Solgrado, the Zeodally and the Gamp Mission.
There's uh Xevious Fardrop Densetsu in 1990 that came out on PC Engine also done by Compile.
And then Xevious Resurrection that came out in 2009 for PS3 as a downloadable um with the
downloadable title Namco Museum Essentials or it was called namcomuseum.com to the ends in Japan.
There's also an RTS game called New Space Order that was done by Namco Bandai Games
that has bits of Xevious included in it. For different ports we're looking at the Atari 7800
Atari um 8-bit NEC PC Engine, the NES, the MSX Spectrum, Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC, Apple II,
Apple ST Home Computer. Everything. Yep. Rereleases like I said there was Namco Museum Volume 2 for
the Playstation which I have the A. Um the Microsoft Revenge of the Arcade PC 1998, Namco Museum 50th
Anniversary for Xbox, PS2, GameCube. That one's pretty sweet actually. I like that one. And PC.
Um it was not in the Game Boy Advance version by the way. Uh Namco Museum Battle Collection for PSP,
Namco Museum DS, Namco Museum Remix on Wii, Namco Museum Essentials for PS3. Like I said earlier
and it was also ported into the plug-and-play um version of Ms. Pac-Man TV compilation for a little
plug-in thing. Um there was also um a uh GBA um release of the NES version on um it was an
unlockable bonus game for Star Fox Assault and then came out on Virtual Console. Uh like I said
there's just a bunch of them. They tried to do a 2600 version it didn't come out. It was part of
Pac-Man's arcade party in 2010 and uh 3D classic Xevious a 3D uh remake of the game was available
on the Nintendo eShop for the 3DS. There's a bootleg version too called Xevious. X-E-V-I-O-S.
The U is absent. Oh that makes it a new game. Um but really it's just all they did was instead of
saying uh 1982 Namco it says 1980 Watson and they removed the Namco logo and it's just not very cool.
In fact um there's a trick that was in Xevious um that the bootlegger left in that you um get
a message right at the beginning. When the ship appears you move to the far right edge of the
screen and begin bombing constantly. You keep bombing until the first set of attack rings is
close to you then you shoot the rings. The message dead copy making copy under Namco program will
appear on the screen as proof of copyright validation and the explosion sounds are different.
As far as differences in the U.S. and Japanese ones um the names in the Japanese version are
the pseudonyms of the games designers and composers and since uh the U.S. basically let three uh
characters in it didn't work and the zapper and blaster buttons were reversed between the versions.
There's also references in Ridge Racer you get a car called the um RTXevious Red and the RTXevious
Green uh you get that all three different versions of it and uh one of the in Ridge Racer 3D one of
the unlockable cars is called the Sovalo and it's piloted by Pac-Man. Isn't that cool? Very cool.
How about other references? Good lord there's a lot to this game. Oh yeah we're we're just scratching
we're just scratching the surface in Star Fox. Come on we're getting ready to start Mario Kart. In Star Fox
Assault it's uh it has basically hidden versions in it. Tales of Symphonia there's an enemy called
Bakura which is one of the invisible flying panels from Xevious. Mario Kart Arcade GP and GP2 which
were co-developed by Namco. Um you also uh one of Pac-Man's uh cars is the Sovalo spacecraft.
In Earthbound music from Xevious can be heard um at the Onet Arcade. Um you can actually get
the Sovalo ship um as an avatar on PSN and it will be a downloadable aircraft in Ace Combat
Assault Horizon. There you go. Your classic game of the week Xevious and its 50 gazillion different
ports and reiterations. I like this one I'm looking I've never played this one the 3D-G.
Yeah I never played that one but it looks kind of fun I gotta say. You know what when I told um Dan
what I picked he's like Xevious is awesome. It is awesome. The other game that I picked though he
was really excited about that so I might have to do it uh next time. All right well uh we're gonna
take a break we're gonna do Mario Kart again we are uh getting in the oil army room right now
there's already five of us in there including myself and Loki and Bobby Black Wolf so it's
really it's on it's kind of and Tiger Claw so it's really like All Games versus Zether who won
last time so it's not looking good. Everyone's got a team All Games has each other's back dude
you are in trouble. That's right you are screwed. They're gonna use a special turtle shell that just
breaks out of paddle and spanks you. Does Zether have a shell maybe he does and I just I'm not
aware who knows. All right anyhow uh so if you have Mario Kart 7 hurry up and get in there in
the oil army room quickly write this down get a pen start punching it in 40-5530-8176-7193
that's the oil army Mario Kart 7 code. All right we're about to get started. We'll let you know
how it goes after a quick break well we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio the show where every gamer has a voice and yes we got
a Mario Kart on during the break there um it was weird because Zether took us to town both times
he won both races so in Zether versus All Games Zether won so good job dude uh and uh I came in
third both times Loki came in last on both races good job Loki yeah it's because a fucking blue
shell is hitting me in fourth place blue shell stopped and then hit me in fourth fucking place
but he's not mad or anything now what I find hilarious it's because it counted down I didn't
even get the check in my uh or set up my cart I got this like fucking terrible ass cart that
I'm driving right now so I don't know I I quit what I don't know what course is that you guys
are in right now this is one of the ones I don't think I've played yet Bowser's castle
and uh I'm not even my me is racing and in first place how sad is that my me does better when I'm
not even playing so anyhow yeah that was enough and uh Kaiju don't chat says wow wow that wow
that race must be epic this is a long time break we only did two races we did uh anyway we had the
maple tree way came up oh yeah rainbow road from the original Super Nintendo was the first track
we had to do so uh yeah good times so Mario Kart 7 is playing on a break so uh we'll have to set
up some more nights we got to get more people to play Mario Kart 7 some point hopefully Dark
Soccer will get a 3ds she can join us in the Mario Kart somebody buy me one man I'm looking at this
thing these people are crazy what what thing is crazy this family that builds a hundred
thousand brick Lego model every Christmas did my me come in first oh no zether still beat me
that's sad my me built a Dalek my me did better without me all right Loki you gotta close it up
we gotta get into some rapid fire news is what we're about to get into I have no idea how to
quit out by the way I just hit home and then hit b to quit like there's no like quit option
it's like you're stuck playing four races fantastic great great menu design Nintendo
fucking amazing all right yeah we'll see you know because I got the fucking car it does not
corner for shit yeah that's right blame the car look hey it is a fucking car it's fall it's the
computer's fault it's the internet we'll see hey we'll see Bobby's fault and we'll see next
no two weeks we're off next week whatever all right hey maybe for Christmas Santa will bring
you some skill yeah we'll see about that all right let's get into some skill saw let's get
into some rapid fire news Loki skill of getting random power-ups yeah it must be fucking awesome
anyway two of those blue shells are mine just saying fourth fucking place suddenly I'm loving
the blue shell suddenly I am loving it there's people in front of me I see them they're about
to cross the finish line shell stops at me it's like what the fuck get over it if your cart can
make it let's go all right let's see here so humble indie bundle 4 has been released and it's
got a lot of cool shit in it including meat boy shank jamestown bit trip runner night sky and
of course also if you donate enough gratuitous space battles and cave story plus seriously pay
enough to get cave story plus but this is this is an amazing deal and if you have any spare money
whatsoever like I realized some of you are just like flat ass broke this time of year but if you
have any spare money whatsoever get this it's a great I avoided lunch for a whole day to pay six
dollars I'm not telling the listeners to starve themselves but maybe one less mcdonald's meal and
they uh you know cook it make a sandwich at home get some cave story there you go exactly and then
of the top that off um also you get free soundtracks for every single game in there
that's included in the prize including some of the music we played on break tonight for the live
listeners so there you go so pretty sweet um on top of that if you uh like uk developers there's
another indie bundle the uk indie games bundle or the little big bunch um it's also out right now
and this is based of course from uk developers and they includes explode mon odd world munch's
odyssey and frozen synapse serious sam double d and new star soccer five so and the charity of
course uh choice for there is games aid i'm liking this trend right now these bundles because there's
the humble indie bundle there's the there's another one the really big bundle or something
like that i bought that one too this is a great trend in gaming right now and then um you know
there was a game called apb it was kind of like saints row online um or granted that online if
you will but anyways apb uh it went freemium and now apparently they've been having some pretty
good success over steam and they're also going to release it as a um a box version that you can find
in retailers uh for 29.99 you're gonna get more than 50 worth of in-game items um as well and um
it's pretty awesome i guess the original game only had 130 000 registered players but they've
already um you know picked up more than the original audience so that's that's pretty awesome
because a lot of people wrote that game off yeah they picked up three million new registered users
wow three million after showing up on steam and you know from what i played very little of it uh
it's pretty cool i mean it's worth checking out because it's free so why not all right uh let's
go to some other news you know harmonix put out a new game this year but you might have missed it
because it wasn't called rock band but it was a fun little iphone game called vid rid vid rhythm
i guess you can't really call it a game it was more of a wtf it was an application and it was
like get drunk at a party and have fun making these little vid rhythm well if you want to try
vid rhythm the good news is it's now free if you missed it the first time around check go get it
it's free now with 12 new tracks and a vid rhythm update 1.1 that happened this week there are some
holiday songs deck the halls jingle bells and apparently pitch correction now so now you can
sound like t-pain i don't know exactly how that works six new video styles in there as well and
and one more you can export the clips in high definition now so vid of them had a pretty
meaty update this week very cool seeing harmonix support it even though it's more of a
wtf kind of application to be honest holy shit what are you holy shitting vid rhythm no a picture
of me when i was 20 that one of my friends just posted wow on facebook on facebook look at my hair
it was long sorry i just like wow you had you used to have pretty big boobies back then
i've always had an epic rack rob what are you talking about
you know what's gonna suck is if i do get all knocked up they're just gonna get bigger it's
true you know zether might have the biggest mario kart e-peen but you'll always have the biggest
hits i do have an epic rack it's not a bad thing all right uh allen wake is coming to pcs in early
2012 uh even though the game's been on xbox for quite some time about a little over a year year
and a half uh allen wake is supposed to be coming out on the pc finally in early 2012 which is
interesting because uh i thought the game was originally supposed to be on both and then they
said no it's not going to be on the pc well now it is actually coming on the pc both download
content the rider and the signal they're going to be included in the pc version for free possibly to
make up for a little bit of lost time uh interestingly enough this is time to be right
around the time that the allen wake xbox live arcade game or allen wakes american nightmare
is supposed to be coming out on xbox live arcade so kind of maybe trying to get the name out there
a little bit again before the xbox live arcade expansion uh connectimals i find this interesting
you know this is one of the big titles on connect well connectimals has come out on another platform
on another platform it's coming out on ios i think that's i think this is very interesting um maybe
something we should talk about in a more extended segment but uh connectimals is coming out on the
ios platforms this is just a port of the windows phone 7 version but it still goes without saying
hey microsoft didn't just put out the xbox live application on ios this is now extending to some
of the games and sure connectimals is meh whatever but for two dollars and ninety nine cents you can
now i get this and it comes with i guess five cubs for the 360 games i guess you gotta link them
together somehow or whatever so very interesting also you know why i think this is interesting is
because there's been a lot of calls for nintendo to do something like this right the investors
really want nintendo to be doing this and they've really staunchly refused but microsoft has now
shown that they're not afraid to do it now granted they get a little more out of it with the whole
windows phone tie in but i mean they put it out there it's kind of like they acknowledged hey
if we don't put that on ios too we're selling ourselves short a little bit they kind of gave
windows phone an exclusive window they put it out there first but they kind of gave in and did the
ios system i just it's not like microsoft and apple doing things together is completely unheard
of right remember the gasps heard around the world when microsoft word was announced for the
max that was years and years ago when steve jobs first came back to apple but um it's still
interesting nonetheless very interesting to see this happening be curious to see if sony or
nintendo ever does anything in a similar vein anyhow moving on dark sakura wow i found pictures
of me when i was four okay oh i was a cute kid damn it it's still cute what happened
don't make me throw my microphone at your ass since you're facing the computer so there's
going to be a lego lord of the rings no one curr hey i curr all right maybe not and there's going
to be toys next year now that's cooler yeah you know what i want a lego palace this makes me happy
sonic cd on xbox live yay it'll be five bucks rock of ages going half price major nelson said
all of this and i believe major nelson also the awesome thing about the sonic cd is it will have
both soundtracks we will have the japanese as well as the american soundtrack trying to will be on
xbox live arcade on december 21st for 15 bucks also there will be the deal of the week including
japan's finest which is hardcore uprising and radiant silver gun for 750 each bangai ohd
missile fury and gun wage are five dollars apiece and rock of ages is down to five bucks as well
everyone needs to get sonic cd and radiant silver gun yay sales i love the japanese soundtrack
i love the japanese soundtrack for sonic cd so much but then again just not the same without
sonic boom and oh yeah there was other news shit sorry i was all you know excited over
sonic sales and stuff there's a new pokemon game that's a crossover with nobunaga's ambition what
yeah it's true when i think about pokemon i think about nobunaga's ambition so do i um i always
wondered when these two games go great together make the pikachus go out there's a website to
feed the troops and a trailer and it's set for 2012 release on the nintendo ds in japan and uh
i am going to uh post a link to this on our uh tumbler meanwhile the rest of the internet's like
where's our new real pokemon game i want pokemon fuchsia or whatever meanwhile the rest of the
universe shits their collective pants
all right is that it that's it all right uh all right we're gonna get back into some long form
news here with loki pretty soon guys the twitter topics i want to plug those twitter.com get in
your twitter topics we'll be getting to those in a little bit as well as the skype line one eights
we already took a pretty meaty skype call tonight but we'll take a couple more one eight seven seven
game olr uh a little later in the show first off though loki you know i was gonna mention uh
remember earlier i said that i don't like people sending me invites or i'm not gonna accept any
invites that people send me for the sim social when the fuck this in aol instant messenger start
like posting on your fucking facebook wall saying i've been idle since blah blah blah time
blah blah time i don't fucking care if you haven't been doing something in another app so hide all
that i hate that it's posting like what's news articles my friends are reading i'm kind of like
on yahoo my friends know that i can tell like that they're reading all these weird stories like
maybe they're reading a few too many stories about lindsey low hand you know and i'm kind
of judging them a little bit well i i want to make sure that shit's not happening just
acts like you don't realize it's happening you know what i mean you got to be careful uh go
through every now and then and check like what apps have access honestly it's what you got to do
yeah all right um anyways so let's talk a little bit about uh club nintendo and this is kind of
cool because actually i've never really registered stuff in club nintendo and i started yesterday so
i had a bunch of these old games i just went back through you know like excite bots and shit like
that so i just added almost everything although i can't find my box for my 3ds um and definitely
don't have anything well the we would have been too early but don't have my 3ds box which is kind
of sad because i'm missing some points there might be a work but um you can use those points for
other things other than buying useless garbage that they have on their e-shop stuff um hold on
there's necessarily e-shop but you know the free shit they give away i don't really need a mario
notepad or something like that but uh you can buy uh games virtual console and we wear and e-shop
games including uh this first round of games all um either 100 or 150 coins for 100 coins on the
we you can get mario super mario kart on virtual console and this is only good until january 10th
so if you want to use that then go ahead and do that if you don't have the game um for the uh we
wear you have fluosity and uh that's 150 coins on the 3ds or ds i believe it's a 3ds you have um
the 3d classic xevious for 100 coins or mario versus donkey kong minis march again for 150 coins
and um it's neat but yeah there's not really i was kind of disappointed at the rewards it's
an interesting way to get you to spend some of those coins well you know like you can get some
pretty meaty things for more coins like there's the game and watch ds game and we we got a statue
yeah from club nintendo did you that's um like all the major mario characters that's cool
and the little statue i don't think my level is high enough to get any of the really cool rewards
but i've been trying to put like i put in my code for the to have in 3ds and getting the two games
i got because i i thought i heard something about the kid icarus 3d will be free if you register two
games on club nintendo this winner well i've already done that so yeah me too so i want to
make sure i would get that between mario kart 7 and and the mario kart 3d land so i'm kind of
disappointed though that you can't and and here's the other thing i don't like about the registering
the games yeah it's cool that we register the games but i don't like fucking filling out that
survey yeah it's kind of like especially you should notice how you get a damn survey for
each and every like stinking like nes game and probably now the game boy advance games are all
gonna have a survey on there too i kind of think it's no i i haven't seen surveys for any nes games
they want to make sure that they're still releasing stuff of good quality so do you get
coins for buying like stuff on the e-shop um yeah if you do the survey on them i think you do i
didn't have any surveys well i haven't purchased anything on the e-shop yeah check it out once you
do i think i think they do get get some stuff there so it'll be cool i got surveys for the free
shit by the way the information is up on our tumblr now the link to the uh pokemon plus
nobunaga's ambition i love that jigglypuff's on the cover like she's gonna sing the armies to
sleep what is okay what is looking like to me okay from what i can tell is that every human
character has a pokemon partner i guess they're doing like digimon like this one guy in purple
armor has a mewtwo and the girl she's all in pink she has jigglypuff and this one's got okay so you
see and then i think whoever he is is the guy catching them i'd be more interested in the dynasty
warriors mario crossover fucking we need to know armies of goombas with you know we need to do a
list list so i didn't schedule one tonight because i knew we had the interview it would take about
a bunch of time but we need to do list list some night like crossover emotions yeah i feel like
we've done that before random japanese crime it has to be japanese franchise random ass japanese
crossover game we want to see i think that would be a good one dude we have time for that anyway
no not tonight we still had you after birth and all that so we're that interview was 20 minutes so
anyhow um moving on that was 20 minutes shut up shut up well uh you'll lose a lot more than 20
minutes if you hit this bug here um did you hear about this there's that zelda skyward sword
apparently you could catch yourself in some type of like error where if you complete a quest in
the wrong order and then talk to a guy you can like screw things up i don't know but apparently
nintendo on the support page for legend of zelda skyward sword says you can actually send in your
save file to be fixed nintendo apparently will also be putting out a program that will repair
the save data if you have your we connected to the internet so it's like a patch but not really
so yeah i guess you could catch yourself in some type of because they can't patch
yeah they can't patch but they're going to put out some type of fix so there you go you could
also you could send in your safe you could send in your we and get your game fixed fuck if you
screwed up so just i would read the internet and figure out what you need to do to not screw it up
or don't try to break the game because i think you kind of have to go backwards a little bit
to make this happen so i don't know all right we're going to now see if anybody can break our
mailbag mailbag at orangelandtrader.com is the place to send us emails every week
dark soccer read some emails we have two two yeah that's a pathetic showing of emails well
one's from rob all right well he's pretty cool he says i got my answer from the consumer protection
um they said they can't give legal advice even though they are under an attorney general's
office then again i didn't ask for legal advice simply information their answer seems to say that
this is not codified in law in maryland my advice for these nasty eulas is if you feel the need to
sue microsoft or sony is to first try the arbitration then dispute it if the settlement
is unfair i think you just got a form letter back dude that's the form letter okay last email
sorry hey olr crew so i hate to be the guy that sends you yet another silly youtube link okay
rob get ready to pull it up but i found this to be worthy of a quick watch maybe my sense of humor
is completely sick and perverse but i'll be damned if the kids in skyrim aren't annoying
little bastards every now and then this just proves every now and then every is this another
goddamn arrow to the knee clip i don't know this just proves i'm not alone i think loki in
particular will get a kick out of this okay i'm linking it to hold on i got it i got it is it from
okay i see it here we go it's probably the killing children mod or something all right here we go it's
called yep killable children is what it's called so let's see here ew it's playing an ad i don't
watch no ad with ugly people all right hold on add add add well grandma was a hottie.com
yes that's what the ad was for now you know the type of stuff i watch on youtube okay here's the
real clip
you shouldn't talk to strangers this kid gutted with a fire sword oh look i just
i just killed a little friend here look at this oh my god that's terrible that's awesome
i've seen this video before run away from me he just i didn't even know you could decapitate
people ah you rush the dragon i stay i kind of want to go back and play skyrim again and
just kill everybody be careful agony i keep hands on the ground wow yes sorry in all seriousness
though i'm a huge fan of the show and have been listening for over six years i listen on and off
throughout the week while working and you three managed to put a smile on my face no matter what
the topic is even if we talk about child killing unicorn stabbing decapitating their mothers face
melting yes i wanted to ask you how you have kept the show going on for so many years alcohol
i have known countless groups bands organizations etc that start off strong but lose steam and
eventually die due to apathy how do you guys manage to push through and deliver week after
week after week after a whopping nine years what keeps you motivated and do you guys ever have
major disagreements or even fights regarding direction no never you want to see the show go
in the future just want to see behind the scenes gossip for a rabid olr fanboy take care and happy
holidays tonic vision um first of all i'm never the same person every day so it's because of my
innate womanness that i will change personality all the time you never know which pokemon she's
carrying around um robin i go to disneyland that helps i i don't know that's i i i honestly don't
know how we've managed to do this for nine years but you know we we we had a pretty good skit it's
funny you're asking this now because we had a pretty good scare this past week that it might
end very suddenly there there was a realistic possibility for a minute there that this could
have been the last i was still gonna try the skype thing no wouldn't have been the last or a lot i
know i know i know but the last olr as we know it you know and i i have my issues with the skype
thing i know horde house kind of does it but you know just this show is good enough for horde house
this show has worked because we haven't changed a lot since the first day and i think are you
shitting me we've changed quite a bit but we've had nine fucking years to change we've evolved
yes evolution we've evolved into raichu at some point along the way but no really i mean you know
i thought we were jolting on we slowly evolved into the whole uh um you know general video
gaming when we used to be about ddr and it was a lot more i found that the show had absolutely
no fucking structure back in the day like if you listen if you listen to early episodes migraine
the first episode and was like asleep in that chair if you listen to the first few episodes
we really would just be like we're just gonna kind of like fuck off for three hours and talk
about topics because you know to as much as i hate inflating travis's ego on this show
that's kind of how i learned to do it on understation live is we kind of like had that
same approach or it was like well we know we're going to talk about xyz tonight and somehow we'll
do a show and it it were i'm not knocking travis at all he does a beautiful show and that's iron
finger yeah that's that's how i was raised so to speak but at some point along the way when we made
the switch into podcasting like i think suddenly when we took a different approach in making the
to-go edition and then suddenly it was like okay we've gone from having 50 people listen live
to having 2500 people downloading our podcast it was like shit something's working over here maybe
we should like try mixing it up a little bit and it's it's kind of worked having the structure
hasn't been such a bad thing but yes there's structure but there's still huge amounts of
spontaneity yeah and a lot of that is directed by you guys in the chat room and i hate to sound
mushy yucky frilly fuzzy but it's my foot in the trash the chatters to a big extent and our live
audience and the interaction that we do get on the show me is sure is hugely motivating i mean
for real like i i will be flat out dead honest there was i can think of one night in particular
when i was ready to walk in here and say i'm quit i'm done i can't do this show anymore one dude
but well no that was a different time but there was another time where i i just and i couldn't
even tell you exactly when it was it was a long it was a long time ago it was it was during the
garage years i remember that and um it was like one of the see it was probably around that same
time when remember the computer went down yeah mid show and i had the big diva fit i think not
long after that i was ready to just fucking quit and within a short time of each other we had the
listeners chip together to buy a new computer and i got not one but like two emails that were very
kind of personal in nature about like you know just what i've kind of put out there on the
internet being like kind of open about the fact that i'm gay and you know in a relationship and
all that stuff and and that it kind of gave some people that were struggling with coming out
like hope and that like means like so much like i was just like floored and i was kind of like
i fucking can't leave yeah i'm in this too deep now that they keep bribing us with food
and games and happy things inevitably it'll it'll have to end someday nothing good lasts forever but
what else am i going to do on sunday nights i i'm serious about lots of alcohol no i'm
kidding it's it's seriously become like a part of my life like it's it's it's my routine like
the nights that we don't have olr for whatever reason i'm sitting there at home sunday night
going this feels weird you know what to know what most of the time we still end up hanging out
anyway we have a lot of the times we get a pink berry we're like hey we don't have this show
tonight let's go get pink berry and then we talk about the show literally the last time the last
time we didn't have a show that's exactly what happened was that the night the internet kept us
from doing a show yeah so i was like and we went to breakfast that day because dan was watching
a stupid football so we're like let's go get pink berry later okay who's to show up no stupid
which was funny because not 15 minutes after we decided to call it my internet came back up
although it did end up going back down an hour later so i was like what the hell but we went
ahead pink berry and talked about the show we talked about 10 year stuff yeah which by the way
you need to work on that girly as soon as you get past all the other stuff one thing at a time i
know i know but seriously we i i i need to talk to you offline about something because i don't want
to say anything on air but you need to work on that because people are making travel plans
because i kind of let it slip to somebody like there might be something happening at such and
such place at such a such time really i'm booking my ticket right now shit now it has to happen
well because i can't let this person down yeah well it's it's gonna be a busy couple of months
because also a mutual friend of ours is graduating fun in may all right so go to their graduation say
have fun in the real world bye and then get back on planning the 10-year party oh yeah all right
i guess that's kind of a big deal that's a big deal all right so um but you know i also think
that part of it too is that just with how crazy like i know i lost my job but you guys know how
miserable i was before you know having the show gave me something to mark my weeks because
i really was just like what am i doing oh yeah i have the show and it really kept my my level
of consciousness of what was going on around me up instead of just falling into i'm depressed
um a lot of stuff that's like for instance um i got to go to e3 like five times you know i don't
you know it's coming up later in the show i don't know if i'll ever get to go again but
because of this show and some of the contacts i made and friends i made i got to do that at least
i can say i've been you know even if i never get to go again friends all over the world yeah for
real and like that we can actually say our friends yeah oh yeah absolutely absolutely and um which i
do miss the new york crew i will say that not that i should be partial to one or the other but
i really do miss that group in new york i want i want to go um hang out with um rob in england
heck yeah i went still oh my god i want to hang out with sill so much so bad and then i want to
raid with her we would party she's been uh doing her um live streaming of the star wars it's kind
of fun i love sill but i want to go go on a pub crawl with rob i think we think we need to make
a plan to go international at some point but anyway i don't want to i don't want to drag all
this self and then we're going to go to japan and sleep in ikuma's closet i don't want to go to
clausit i'm kidding my friend krista lives in kyoto i'll stay with her um but like seriously
like i mean you guys in chat are being like so sweet right now like she lives in osaka never
mind let me read some of these comments here dj dark knight says we love you guys uh misty says
yes shermy no matter how much you want to deny it bochi kawa says we loves you guys black wolf
agrees that's my thing my sunday nights will be empty i've never not done a show if i'm not home
the only times i cancel is if i'm not home uh dj dark knight says i have always considered you
guys my second family and no i can turn you guys when i need a pep talk see it's it's stuff like
that where it's like how could it just how could we just say you know what i don't feel like doing
a show tonight and we've we've had those nights trust me yeah we've had those i don't fucking
want to do a show tonight fuck how about every time a new harry potter book would come out and
all i would do is fucking read harry potter during the show and go oh girl did you just see that oh
you didn't because i'm reading it not you huh but then it's like anyway i don't know i i don't want
to talk too long on this subject it's kind of like kissing our own butts but i do have to though
thank all the listeners for something you guys have been with me through some shit i got married
doing the show i graduated college doing the show i've moved a few times i've gotten promotions
while i've done this show i got laid off while doing the show i mean big major events in my
life went through a lot too on the show you know and i moved a few times i've had the same fucking
job for 10 years well you're you're mr stability well but i i can't complain i'm very happy with
where i'm at my day job and shermy has pooped live on air we've had a lot of neat the opportunity
things like i want to say like the whole unloud stuff that came up last week like jamie getting
to do that design thing and me getting to try the on-camera thing and and in some ways succeeding in
some ways falling on my face that would have not happened if it weren't for the show i mean i
probably would have met seg anyway because he's a he's a friend of somebody i knew from college but
it would have never but he's such a sweet person it would have never come to that without this show
you know he's so nice and i was more than happy to do the work and which by the way guys you'll
get to see what it looks like um as soon as we get finished the move because i'll be updating
my portfolio nice so um but yeah um loud was great and i i'm sorry i missed it the other years but
you know last year i had a final exam that day which this year um my teacher let me get out of
my group project and do it early so that was that was cool he was like that's a big event you go to
that that's a big thing to you and also one thing i have to say that i've learned a lot of skills
doing the show you know definitely definite communication and a big lesson that i learned
is the the skill of no one cur seriously like remember that first like couple years and get
you see she's go back in in the kitchen and i'm like oh yeah the itunes reviews that said like
you know dark soccer needs to shut up and get back in the kitchen yeah i remember that one you're a
bitch so thank you yeah i i you know what i was upset for like five seconds and then i just
realized these people don't know me and the same skill works very well in real life all right yeah
we gotta move on with the show but wait wait i gotta loki you've been strangely quiet you okay
you just you know he's sobbing no i i was i was uh i can get you i do love you loki what i said
i can get you neither get me too this is what i love about loki we'll be sitting here talking
and reminiscing loki's already hacking something on it i'm right on top of that rose all right
oh wow and if you know what movie that if you didn't just show the show's age right there
all right no i saw that in the theater i me too can we move on we got a show to do
i'm gonna satisfy the listeners by the way loki you're gonna regret saying that on air
because i bet you you're five seconds away from a private message from bobby
anyhow okay all right let's move on uh the fus of the week oh how appropriate after a fuzzy
wuzzy cuddle hug fest rainbows and sunshine now it's time to bring in the rain here's
some rainbows blow them out your ass here comes fucking reality
here is
f you to jury duty when i gotta move i would rather move furniture than go to jury duty
but at least i have a good book to read i'm reading the land of the painted caves free wi-fi
i brought a good i'm bringing a good book that doesn't require wi-fi if you happen to get stuck
there wednesdays you gotta go to the farmer's market and fucking awesome pizza there okay
it's delicious it was worth pizza i'm just gonna tell them it's hanukkah
i don't think it's gory damn it they'll be like okay or the judge will be jewish and be like well
it's not like it's rasha shana judge will be like mazel tov bitch loki uh put you to mark cart seven
for not allowing me to change my cart in between matches because that kind of sucks that you can't
adjust that or for some reason having a clear way to quit online without resetting the game that's
kind of stupid i mean seriously you're still so mad no it's like it seriously i was picking the
seriously i was picking the car because i can see it counting i'm like fuck i don't have time to
switch all this shit also the poof gone like couldn't pick anything i had no time to pick
anything oh well um my a few of the week um oh god where do i begin uh you know the old saying
when it rains it pours and especially this time of year it's just kind of a it's a bad time of year
but i'm really looking forward to having vacation coming up because damn it i earned it and i'm
gonna go to disneyland and you need to help me move deal what what help me set up the um the
studio all right that i can do if you'll let me set up video okay if it's not pointed at me all
right we can see all right you're on the listeners have been demanding live video and we'll we need
to make their wishes come true so we'll work on it all right fine i will help you tech out the
new studio all right uh let's go back into some gaming news so we can get some calls here in a
minute uh loki i like that darth spazinator says if looking go one show without hacking something
or ranting someone should check to see if he has a fever or something yeah i'm in hack mode all the
time all the time he's hacking your life as we speak uh you mad okay so capcom is releasing a
capcom digital collection it includes a bunch of um you know xbox live arcade games basically it's
coming out for 40 bucks and it includes 1942 joint strike by commando re-armed two uh final fight
double impact flock rocket man axis of evil and also with the dlc it came from uranus and uh
super puzzle fighter 2 turbo hd remix super street fighter 2 turbo hd remix and wolf
of the battlefield commando 3 um all those available for 40 bucks um now correct me if
i'm wrong but i thought that one of those games at the very least i believe final fight double
impact required you be to be connected to xbox live in order to play it on register you know
registered because i think that was playstation network that was playstation network they didn't
have that i think it's been a while maybe this is where chat can help us out maybe i can't remember
but i thought that would be interesting if you know if it required you to play online that'd
be interesting well maybe they changed that yeah maybe but anyways it's about 100 bucks worth of
games for 40 bucks so good deal i guess if you don't already have them so i have at least a few
of those awesome all right well uh we were talking a little bit ago about e3 and uh this kind of goes
with that and kind of part of the reason why i joke yeah i probably won't be going to e3 anymore
unless loki helps a brother out but um e3 passes have doubled in cost and i know what you might be
thinking you might be like wait a minute you don't pay to go to e3 doesn't everybody go to e3 for
free like you register and you prove you're in the industry well yes for the most part most
everybody you see at e3 got in there for free because either they are tied into the industry
they um are in the media as a lot of the people obviously they are in kind of like the
not just the gaming uh the people that make the games so the people like purchase the games like
loki's industry distributors and all those people retail a lot of the folks that go but you also get
sometimes people that want to go because they're exploring getting into the business or students
or you know people that are kind of like exploring what type of business possible business ventures
they can make and this is why e3 sells expo passes so to believe it or not this whole time you could
really pay to go to e3 you could just say i'm exploring the industry or i'm a student wanting
to kind of get into this or whatever and you can pay and the prices used to be uh let's see it was
400 was last year's price if you registered before a certain date and 500 if you registered at the
door for three days you know it's expensive or you can say i'm sin bad or you could say you're sin
bad i got nothing to do today however the news is this year those prices have shot way up they've
doubled now it doesn't sound like they've doubled but they've doubled they multiply them by two and
then subtract five seven hundred and ninety five dollars before the deadline for a three-day pass
nine hundred and ninety five dollars you might as well say a thousand dollars for a pass to get into
e3 after april 23rd um so i mean that kind of sucks for people who want to explore like
i i'm not i'm trying to figure out why e3 is doing this my thought is they're trying to maybe
cut back on the people because there's some you know blogs and things have joked about this is
that well you're paying all this money to wait in line and i i have to agree like i didn't well
we didn't we didn't go to e3 last year remember that dark sakura we went to e3 we went into the
lobby yeah we hung out and like we got freebies from the lobby people were kind of looking at us
like where's their badges but we didn't go in into e3 itself but we were in the convention center
kind of between the two halls and i held a ds street pass with people so we're just kind of
like hanging out between and honestly i don't feel like i missed much i mean yeah there were
some big announcements didn't you get a wiimoto no i didn't get me a moto i think uh me or shane did
so he he got the me somebody did maybe bobby did but yeah i don't think it's worth that
much money to go stand around and wait in line i mean it would it would kind of like you know
i don't know it would suck if you've gone all these years and then suddenly you can't go anymore
like i know bobby's probably doing a lot of like how am i going to get an e3 this time because
unfortunately the media standards they do this weird measurement where they're measuring your
website traffic well if you're a show like us they're looking for so many hundred visits a month
which we would hit easy on subscriptions we would easily hit i'm sorry they're looking for like
thousand but we would still hit that on subscriptions because with four shows a month
and everything we would hit that number on the subscriptions that people download our podcast
but that's not how they measure it because they're looking at who's visiting the website
and because our website doesn't really have a lot of cutting edge content on it
i mean well what if our website was the rss feed
i that might i don't know if it would work or not we'll see unfortunately the website
fuck-ups last month might damage that and i don't know but i don't know it's whatever arbitrary
scale they want to use and i i get what they're trying to do like it was so easy for somebody to
just start their own website and get 20 of their friends in e3 under that website i feel like they
did have to draw the line somewhere but i think they drew it too far out that us indie people
kind of get fucked you know anyway i say that we uh do a commando entrance and say that we're
worth modern warfare all right so good luck getting into e3 if you don't belong to a website
that gets so many thousand hits a month anyhow moving on happier news dark sakura maybe not
vita we've got vita mens um no actually not really um what is going on with the vita they
are actually getting rid of the instruction booklet guess what apple did it first mean or
neener um they're actually having digital manuals that you can access in game for each of the games
so um it puts people like me out of the job that like printing um but you can still design online
stuff uh yeah i could still still do pdfs and everything i mean that's not a big deal but
they're basically going to be um doing in-game manuals well it's still kind of yucky though i
mean i i don't know i'm i'm torn because it's like how many times do i really read the instruction
manual well it makes sense because they're already creating them anyways because they're offering all
their games digitally as well as at retail so if they're already creating those digital things why
make them printed but then i think about back in the nes days like the manual to the legend of
zelda that kind of like told the story in the first few pages so that was awesome i miss that
kind of shit but i i get it like now i don't i don't really bother reading manuals i mean look
at skyrim skyrim came in with a foldout map that it's made to look like parchment and shit hmm i
mean they still would do that kind of stuff like i remember like my copy of grandia that had a cloth
map you know they still do amazing manuals and stuff in japan here not so much even in the old
days wow so i think it's just i mean i understand yeah it'll save some money but in the end it
really detracts from the product i think but then again apple did that when they released the iphone
no instruction manual remember that's true it just had a how to hook it up all in their bookstore now
you can get a full manual in the bookstore but you don't need it yeah there's a video of a
three-year-old using one sending text messages but i'm just i'm just saying you know it's not a new
thing cloud cleveland in our chat room says gotta save those trees you know what for every tree
that's cut down in the united states three more are planted i think i i i have a feeling it's a
little bit tongue in cheek that comment i know but i it's not an excuse i it's it's a cost saving
measure is what it is that's what it is let's let's be real it's a cost saving measure it costs
money to print those books and they decided they could save money on getting the game out there by
just getting rid of the books and putting it's true i mean i i understand and i agree but i mean
it's putting a whole but it's it's the end of an industry of printing it's sad yeah but of course
well if you think about it though jamie i hate to say it but a lot of printing industry is going
digital i mean look at i love the smell of ink i know but and i think there will still always be
demand for things like movie posters advertising still big and all that but like look at things
like you know the new york times is on the freaking ipad now and that's how people get it
but you know what i think that the whole thing about the print industry in and of itself is
turning more into a specialty market because there are now a there's a resurgence of um quality
magazines if you know what i mean that are like artsy magazines that are like nice thick paper
and done in a certain size those and they charge quite a bit for them but they know their market
they're the people who are print files and or look at look at look at the stuff you had to do
for umlaut there's a lot of like design shit that people don't even think about like somebody made
the badges somebody made the photo background somebody made the you know uh flyers somebody
made you know there's a lot of stuff i did the digital ones too you know so i mean
as see that's why well there's also people who need to design game covers
that's true do you need to do the layout on the back that will never go away that's not gonna go
away that's why i get really irritated when people buy a nice expensive box set and then they just
throw the boxes away it's like do you realize that someone put work into that just think of
some of the great covers we've had in gaming like the original mega man cover
well well here's an example for you remember rolling stone used to do the top 100 album
covers of all time do we have that anymore do they still do this well of all time no because
they already made it well i know what you mean though once you have to be somebody like lady
gaga for people to get excited about your cover because you're doing something like like the
bitch is a bike what yeah but i mean it's it's really that i think that people are really stopping
are taking their design for granted they're so used to seeing something that's well done and
clean now as opposed to the shit we had in the 80s that it's all being taken for granted and
then you have to think about you know like the manuals all of that is somebody someone's got
to design that you know and yeah it's cool to have it you know digital because then you can have it
in color you have to pray you know pray please pay for four color process which is expensive
but at the same time you know i think it's it's really sad it does take something out of
an entire industry all right i know that's i would be the only one in this house that would go off on
that all right just a couple more stories for you guys i like the smell of ink shut up and then
we're going to get to the skype line at 1877 game olr and the twitter at twitter.com slash
olr but first loki yes um so let's talk a little bit about um my favorite discussion topic
skylanders and i said before you know you guys are only encouraging them i mean if
anyways so activision they're taking skylanders a little bit further they're branching out onto
into an online world if you will with skylanders universe and what skylanders universe is going to
be it's basically like um the free realms thing that they have for sony online it's basically a
world where you can go purchase a piece of the virtual skyland and customize it however you want
along with a skylander character and i guess it's filled a bunch of different little mini games and
stuff like that and they're gonna have constant updates to go along with it as well um no word on
integration though with the actual characters although i would i would imagine that they're
going to have something like that or you know i see a button that says rental so obviously they're
charging for something but um i mean seriously guys just i hear so many people going wow you know
this is like i've always wished for something to interact with you know my games and stuff they
come with these you buy these toys okay they're little figures they don't do anything at all and
i mean if call of duty were to come out with some little green plastic army men that did nothing and
they would charge eight dollars for you know each dlc character people will find the repo fuck marvel
versus capcom 3 when they were charging six dollars per character for dlc people bitched like
crazy saying what the fuck you expect me to pay six dollars for a fucking character that was on
disk hey you're paying eight dollars for a character that's on disk with you know skylanders
and guess what you keep buying them so they're gonna keep releasing them so i have you guys to
thank for that thank you people that got all fucking nostalgic about it because guess what
when next call duty comes out you're gonna be fucking paying eight dollars for whatever a gun
you're gonna get a little plastic gun i sense you're really upset about something it's just
annoying it's just like people complain about the prices of why are they charging so much why is
there so much dlc for for these games why am i not like getting only half a game at the buy the rest
in dlc it's because you're willing to pay eight dollars for a fucking plastic figurine that does
nothing to play as a character in a game and not only will you buy one but you'll buy tons of them
that's why they keep selling you fucking dlc for your games because you're a fucking sucker that's
why you will buy whatever the company puts out even if it's for a franchise that's brand new
that's pretty much nothing to do with spiro at all zero there's a character that resembles
spiro it's not really spiro anymore and then a bunch of other tertiary characters that really
take the forefront and that's it i love salacious pop's comment in chat room if it didn't cost like
380 to do it it would be awesome to hold an olr drive to surprise loki's tyke with a fluke
skylanders rig for christmas what a cruel thing to do to loki you wouldn't care he plays with
he tried to eat he tried to eat the toys all right one more story for you guys here uh and it's about
an online you were done right sorry yeah okay one more story for you guys here just trying to get
to skyline and it's about need for speed world do you know need for speed world do you remember this
this is the need for speed online free mmo they have right yeah stan was playing it yes it's it's
it's all right but um there is now in this free game a special conno seg koenig seg ccx elite
edition car and it's kind of like you know you can buy it because usually like freemium games
have things you can buy in them right well guess how much this car will set you back five dollar
one hundred dollars what oh tons of people will buy it because oh man i've always wanted like a
race car i'm gonna get a race car for my online game because i will pay a hundred dollars for dlc
give me more it's it's all for profit right this yeah of course this is i'm looking at the actual
press release here it says that there's the first premium elite car available to all need for speed
world players via the in-game store for 100 by the way oh get this get this for a limited time
until december 21st you can get the super car for 75 dollars this is 25 discount well shit i'm
jumping on that right now it's elite this is like you know this is an interesting me verb
this is an interesting trend in mmos lately and god damn i hope wow doesn't go down this path
although i would say the 25 amounts are kind of pushing it and i i have yet to buy a 25 dollar
amount i never will steed right now i never fuck that steed no but here's the thing um like other
mms was doing this i remember bobby was talking on his show because he he's dabbled in eve online
i think or he knows people that are playing it and um they had the whole monocle thing that was
being sold for like 60 bucks like it's just but some people in order to really stand out in a
crowd and have the biggest epine will pay that money i mean think about it why was there so much
internet rage about people getting into that star wars the old republic game different times this
week people were pissed that they weren't first that they couldn't have the first level 50
character although let's be real nobody that was complaining about it is going to be the one to
have that first level 50 character you know the person that has the first level 50 character
is probably a group of people that are pushing their way to it you know just just to have the
biggest pain you know what i mean yeah like people will do pay anything to get ahead and have the
biggest pain yeah and i'm sure that thing sold quite a few cars probably not a ton but enough
to make ea probably do it again we're just sad remember that app that when you know the iphone
first came about and they had an app that was like five thousand dollars or some shit for
sparkling diamond thing that spun around and that's all it did yeah people bought that shit
too because they're dumb and and i'd like to point out once again how stupid skylinders is
take a look at this picture of spiro from skylanders he looks like he got fucking kicked
in the teeth and some teeth got knocked out and he's like raging now i don't know it's just
really stupid looking he where did his teeth go it's kind of i mean seriously he looks so derpy
now it's derpy spiro i love it derp bro all right anyhow that's gonna do it for stories
now we're gonna open up the skype line you can give us a call one eight seven seven game olr
or a username on skype is orange lounge radio give us a call and we will talk about whatever
it is you want to talk about tonight maybe you have some news that we missed maybe you may even
play in that star wars game you want to tell us a little bit about it or maybe have some feedback
on some of the things we talked about tonight while we're waiting for calls we're gonna go to
the twitters but i need to god damn it tumblr is automatically posting to our twitter again
i thought i turned that shit off oh i mean not that i mind that people know that we have a
tumblr and everything but it kind of sucks when they get like pictures from fractal 50
updates during one show it's all right did you see them yeah i saw i can see over your shoulder
right now in fact all right let's go to the twitter topics the twitter.com
while we wait for some calls and yes we'll do some last minute stories too oh or we'll go
straight to the phones because the phones are ringing hi you're on orange launch radio who's
this hey this is uh uh bobby from atlanta and i was wondering if i could get a weather report from
the uh the last place in the race bobby backwolf calling in to troll loki i love it yeah yeah nice
nice that's all right bobby enjoy your win right now
nice nice that's all right bobby enjoy your win right now i just remember last week you're like
we can't play him before the show because then all he'll do is cry during his show after i beat him
i do remember that that was funny we'll get you we do we just wanted to let you feel good tonight
and then thank you yeah you're welcome and then next week we're gonna really bring it
so did yeah i'll be here waiting oh yeah all right shit we're not gonna be here next week hey
i'll be at home i'll bust it out after i'll best it out after the show oh wait maybe i won't be at
home i don't know how long the family stuff is going i may not be at home actually so i can't
promise that but if i am at home i will be on after bobby lockwell yeah and you know what i'll
do what take a nap shush did you just call in to troll loki tonight uh yes but uh i do have other
things i can comment on okay everything yeah yeah tell us about the e3 thing you've been e3 eight
eight how many freaking years in a row 18 years in a row or something crazy 15 years 15 years in a
row and i paid 75 to get the exhibits only pass in 97 my first year oh my gosh and so now it's
five dollars for the three-day expo pass wow it's got it it always has gone up and like 400 was a
big jump because i think the last time i had paid i was like it was still like 150 or so
it's a 200 and but what i think is going on is that they're really trying to keep people like me
out because i've you know about half of my e3s have been free either through the media or through
my industry or through software development credentials or whatever um and the other half
have been free and i always had that to kind of fall back on and what they're i'm gonna kind of
equate it to something that's uh i don't know if they've got these type of toll roads out in
california but they just opened one in georgia where they increase the price to dissuade people
from using that lane on the road there's one lane it's an hov pass they just started those in the
bay area the whole fast track carpool lane where it's like you yeah depending on how many cars are
in it the price goes up during certain times of the day yeah yeah yeah so i think e3 is trying
to do the same thing they're like well if these bloggers that really shouldn't that we don't feel
have a right to be here are willing to pay the 400 let's see if they're willing to pay the 800
and there are there is probably people that will say no that's too much and uh you know if they're
not a legitimate business they can't write it off as a business expense or anything like that
so what they're trying to do is they're trying to limit the amount of people that they don't think
should be at e3 from still getting into e3 because that's been the dirty little secret is as long as
you're over 18 you could pay and it didn't matter what your job was wow and you know you it didn't
matter what you did if you gave them the money they gave you a pass and said have fun all right
just it just it just kind of stinks that some of us who you know have been trying so hard for so
long kind of you know get the shaft and you know there's some there's some people that do get those
numbers that kind of look down on the rest of us and say well just try harder but it's kind of like
well it's it's it's tougher when they don't get what we're doing and that i'm not here to create
a website you know what i mean right and they don't mind because they've got enough people
doing coverage that do have websites yeah and a lot of podcasting networks someone like you know
all games gets passes you know they've got enough and you know some other podcasting networks
basically they just pool all together but the individual shows themselves don't exactly have
the website visitors unless they've got a vibrant community that they've built up right and
unfortunately you know just our situation is kind of unique with the chat room and the the live
streaming and then the podcast and stuff and there's just they don't want to deal with it
you know they already feel they allow too many media in and so they're not going to change
anything they do so i'm not even going to bother with the media pass this year i'm but see what
they've done to me is the way i got in last year was through my day job because i'm a software
developer and yes we actually do work on ios stuff and i have done gaming you know gaming
exploratory stuff with my day job so technically i'm a game developer right and that's usually
good enough well apparently they've kind of updated their industry rule and now they actually
check your company's website to see if you publicly have ties to the gaming industry wow
and since we don't have any completed projects our website just talks about the real estate
websites which is our main revenue it says nothing about the gaming so if i i'm afraid
if i i mean i'm still going to try to apply and send my w2 and the tax id and all the stuff that
i need that i was eligible with last year i'm going to send it in and but they may look at the
website and say you're not in the gaming industry wow it's like they're paying all these people to
investigate who's going i mean i i kind of get that something's got to give because the
show has a lot of people there but at the same time there are a lot of people that shouldn't be
there right but in order to keep them out they also have to get some of the people that probably
do have more acclaim because a lot of the companies there do believe i should be there
but it's not up to them who gets invited to e3 it was at one point yes and i got in those years
yeah yeah funny enough my first e3 was thanks to friends of konami yeah so it's it's in fact
dark soccer could say the same thing i think and for a couple years was kind of that went into ddr
because well because we were all while doing ddr oriented stuff and you know konami was really
pushing those games when they came out those years so they definitely wanted to see us there
but it's um you know and uh we were there the year beatmania launched in america and obviously
they knew that that would be a big thing we you know we tried to get the word out but unfortunately
uh just wasn't it's time so so i mean and that's what it is and i'm not going to sit here and qq
over you know not getting in to go to go to e3 or something or it being a little bit too expensive
or something um you know but it but it does you know from a personal level it does kind of suck
because i've gone every year right right it kind of sucks and there are people that i see there
that i only see once a year and to me e3 is more about the people and not the games i actually
talk to more people and network more than i actually play games unless it was 2007 when only
like two thousand three thousand people were there and i actually played a lot more games what's
gonna happen to our disney trip i don't know i'm sad remember we went to we went to we went to
disneyland with bobby this year at e3 that's why we went to e3 we went to pick bobby up i wanted
that to become a new tradition maybe i'll just have to like book a ticket out to uh sacramento
sometime we'll just or we'll just go hang in the convention center take you to fairy tale town
i need to i need to actually clue you in on what's going on for the 10th anniversary or what we're
trying to plan because i just realized i haven't told you yet so it'll be awesome if you can make
an appearance but if not totally understand it's expensive so all right actually actually the the
only expensive part would be uh like a hotel room but if i didn't need one of those we can work
something out it's good it's gonna be somewhat local i i really have to watch my mouth because
nothing has been sealed yet but jamie's gonna work on that real soon when she's done what's
worrying her now see i know i know i'm on your side jamie in the new year thank you bobby all
right well then bobby that means i need to hang up on you now all right all right all right take
care take care guys loki uh get some practice in all right stop trolling bye bobby hung up yeah
yeah yes he gets one lucky race and then all of a sudden yeah see how fucking good you are without
those fucking items yeah we'll see where the real racing is but that's all right bobby for what it's
worth you guys but i know we we plug him a lot but if you're not listening to bobby blackwolf
he really works hard on his show and it's a great show and it's kind of like a i always kind of call
it like an npr style show because it's just him talking about games but you know you can hear his
voice when he talks to us there he has a great radio voice and you know he really kind of thinks
about the topics he's going to talk about and so he's kind of able to sustain the show himself
and then yet interact with the chatters he kind of does like part one and part two and in part one
it's him and in part two it's the chatters and uh he does a great job so definitely listen to the
show and we're happy to be on the same night same network as him let's go to the phones and take
more calls higher on orange launch radio who's this hello hello who's this hello this is
catastrophic moggie where are you from catastrophic moggie a long long way away i'm in the uk oh my
gosh it is way past your bedtime young man talk about it's five in the morning oh my god well
thank you for staying up late listening to us good heavens well what did you call in to talk
about tonight there's a there's a couple of things uh your really big bundle is actually the indie
royale and they have the xmas bundle up now which includes the black world trilogy remastered eats
dino d-day and the oil blue just in case you're interested also going back a little bit about your
about the peripheral for the 3ds nintendo have been doing this for years remember the n64
they had the memory expansion slot which also you needed for uh zelda uh oh god the horrible one
the horse mask yes the nintendo have been doing this for a long time that's true nintendo always
just kind of put out these extra little things and then suddenly the game requires it later on that's
that's very true nothing new for nintendo they did the same thing with the um uh uh what the
hell was i talking about earlier the um we we with the we motion plus did the gamecube do anything
like that i don't think the gamecube did i think that's the one system that kind of stayed
consistent i don't remember i remember they had those wave birds were awesome the wireless
controllers but that was that's all i can think of there it just seems every generation they tried
to do one thing they did they had the game boy advance cable but there were so few games didn't
they have like a network thing yeah fantasy star online used it that's it uh maybe one other game
mario kart land that was a that was a the warp pipe or whatever it was called that was a terrible
terrible thing nintendo did putting that out there and then just never using it so you know
i catastrophic maggie since you're calling him from the uk i've got to say it it's you must kind
of laugh when we bitch about how we're having to wait all this time for xenoblade to come out over
here because nintendo's been fucking over you guys for years with her releases huh that's one of the
weirdest things who'd have thought nintendo would ever release a game here first except you know
maybe tingle tingle rpg we never i don't think we ever did get that tingle rpg no we didn't i don't
think so that's sad it's tragic loki had it pre-ordered and everything oh yeah totally uh no
did he have his pre-order for his costume as well at the same time i i wish i wish yeah and
unfortunately they cancelled that too i'm sorry shame shame
shame talking about that though the funny thing is you're talking about manuals
uh in the uk though i mean you said japan japan gets better manuals than you but in the uk most
of our manuals have always been black and white even when um you get nice color manuals we just
get cheap black and white ones you get the seven cent copies from kinkos whereas we're having to
deal with the the uh or as we get the color ones that's that's great man you guys been getting the
shaft on your releases for years why is that why do you guys have to wait and then you don't even
get the nice manuals the probable reason is because europe has a lot of languages
that's true we get we usually get really thick manuals with 10 different languages also in it
well few pages for english french german blah blah blah you know what's interesting even here now all
the nintendo games usually have their manuals in three languages uh english french and spanish and
i'm assuming that's because they they do a lot of big north american region launches so they have
french for the canadians and spanish for the mexicans but it's just interesting just trying
to save money i guess i guess um one last question sure i remember a few years ago you were going to
do a euro a europe show and it got cancelled at the last second it did and we ended up starting
the marathon show we did a couple months later at noon are you ever going to do another are you ever
going to plan another europe show i'm sure this late is not good for my health i'm i'm i think
we're gonna have to at at our friend's request we're gonna have to do another uk show so we need
to do another marathon shows i'd be absolutely thrilled to well um we did mention a little bit
about maybe maybe we should do something earlier in the day on new year's eve may wait no we're
not doing a show new year's eve it's new year's day new year's day at this one no so we want to
do a show later trust me yeah well because i'll be hung up now i don't get hungover but um we were
we were definitely we had talked about it we definitely wouldn't mind trying something like
that again if the schedules work out yeah i'd love to do another marathon show at some point
um and do more of like the live gaming and playing the games so sometime in 2012 for sure early 2012
so that's good okay can i ask you a question sure because i want to be sure that i could i have this
thing about placing accents so do you live in the north oh yes yes i do awesome well it's either
north or south what's what well no because it's is i i'd sort of place it not like like way north
but more like in the mid-northish area where whereabouts in the uk are you uh yorkshire okay
which is sort of in the middle almost look at you accent guesser i watch a lot of bbc thank you all
right well when we come out when we come out to uh europe and do our international show you're
gonna need to come drinking with sill and rob and pikaruno i have to add to that list that is if you
can like get me to not try to run off to cardiff to see if i can be an extra on dr who stop
all right certainly you'll have to tie you down no my tardis take me to the futures add it
dematerializes before your eyes all right cast off a maggie i gotta let you go so we wrap up the show
but thanks for staying up late good heavens thanks bye have a good one buddy bye all right i think
that's actually going to do it for calls tonight i'm so sorry guys i'm proud of myself but we're
after midnight on the um east coast i haven't done twitters either and we got to do last minute
stories so i'm going to quickly quickly run through tweets okay so we're gonna go do tweets
here oh god where am i gonna start off here um okay um
um let me see i gotta screen this story first because they don't say anything on this
okay uh we got a tweet from cloud cleveland that links us to a story on screwattack.com
that talks about game gadget system wants to be ipod gaming oh this is kind of neat it looks like
somebody's changed like a typical ipod to put a little kind of like what looks like a little um
i guess you could say a ds like the bottom half of a ds kind of turn it into one of those
they call it an open source game system from the uk-based company game gadget and it's called the
game gadget 1.0 the press release doesn't appear to say a lot but let's go to a quote from jason
cooper who created the game gadget quote game gadget has been designed with the ultimate goal
of playing every game on a single device just as the ipod was for music hundreds of thousands of
games are currently archived and no longer being enjoyed by gamers with no value being generated
for the developers and publishers the launch of game gadget creates a market for gamers to play
the games that want to play uh that they want to play the game gadget game service just like
apple's app store allows the owners of these games to remarket their back catalog in their original
format set the appropriate pricing and gain incremental revenue but with no additional
investment okay so i get it so it's not actually like an ipod it just kind of looks like one with
its its plugins and stuff and they're just trying to build like an app store for games
um i it would be interesting to see if they get the buy-in because i don't know if they're going
to actually get the buy-in on that so all right um i need to reopen the skype line because i
just realized there is one more call i promised we would take tonight and i totally slipped my
mind amongst my mom no no there is it's it's an important call oh i can't go hi robs mom you're
on the show no ah wait i'm not back in skype yet okay now do do do do do do let's see how
bad the ferret is today not that bad actually you know what fuck it i'll just call him oh there it
is never mind it's coming in hi oh hey sorry rama i i as soon as she sent me the im i was like
shit that's right i said he could call in tonight because he has something very important to talk
about but amongst all the um crazy stuff going on our goodbye to the studio and and um uh all the
uh all the other stuff i just slipped my mind i'm sorry bro it's okay because um in regards to what
i want to talk about when you were talking earlier about about how you guys talk about everything
besides video games and how we're there for you like a big family it kind of it kind of hit home
like a good thing so i was cool with that okay all right well thank you now now tell you actually
kind of called in tonight to not not really talk about games or something gaming related but
something just flat out important to you yeah because um i bring this up because we're
independent podcasters but we're also friends and we always try to look out for each other one way
or another so about a month month and a half ago one of my cosplaying friends she goes by the name
of cali rogers um she was hit by a car in la and she was in a coma for about a month or so um as
to my information now she's back home in dc and she's going through some rehab and from what i'm
hearing is she's getting a lot better so a couple of my friends a couple of friends of mine oddly
enough both named jesse decided to help do something about it because with the rehab and
all this and it comes with medical bills so we're having a fundraiser and a donation drive so if you
go over to anime jam session.com there is a button on the right hand side of the page called donate
the cali cat the first link is to jesse's auctions so if you are into anime and cool stuff like that
there's a lot of anime powerful up there that's signed and autographed by producers and directors
and voice actors that's awesome that you got their buy-in into that that's great yeah and um and the
other friend jesse she has like a donation there's a donation link set on as the second link so if
you don't want to bid but if you want to just give straight cash just click right on that and it goes
right through that's awesome well yeah i am sorry to hear about the situation but most importantly
i'm glad she's getting better i mean that's the most important thing now so am i because i haven't
spoken to her in a while because you know how it is you're close-knit for a while people kind of
go separate ways but when something happens everybody comes back together you know to look
out for each other yeah exactly exactly um so give us the way to donate one more time and it's
because it's not just like you you can go straight up and donate cash and i am going to see what we
can do on behalf of olr in that regards but um but you can also kind of get you can bid on these
auctions and get things too so one more time how how can we help why does that t-shirt have to be
so expensive damn it are you looking at the are you looking at the stuff right now yeah mythbusters
t-shirt oh i know everybody's going after that good especially in light of the recent cannonball
and i'm not talking about what you do in a pool all right so one more time just head on over to
anime jam session.com the button is on the upper right hand side of the page and that's going to
be there for as long as i'm running that site and if you really can't donate or bid on one of the
auction items i just ask that you click on that link which will take you to a blog page where you
can just copy paste the information and put it on your site so try to get it out there so more
people can see what's going on and help the best that we can all right help somebody you need
especially this time of year so oh definitely good luck and we are all thinking of your friend
and hope she uh makes a full recovery very soon but very glad to hear she's on the way
yeah that makes two of us all right well rama take care and sorry again that i uh cut it off
before you could get through hey it's cool no problem it's past your bedtime it's past
everybody's bedtime and i haven't even finished twitter topics and i'll wait for you guys to
finish i can go have hot pockets and eat all right watch tv we're trying last show of the
year we got to make it big hell yeah all right bye all right all right all right now i am closing
skype anime jam session.com it's also check out the podcast while you're there if you're in anime
and i know he he wants to be humble considering the situation not really promote the podcast but
he can promote both all right quickly let's try to close out some of these tweets um
i gotta say a couple tweets about the xbox live call earlier um people in the same situation this
one from sj100 matt this story on olr just now scared me into changing my xbox live accounts
password to email address to it change yours or you might get screwed i say up a good advice at
least you know you're going to be better off also from sj100 matt here's an ask orange launch radio
question which is better waffles pancakes or french toast rank them it depends on where they're
from but i will take my favorites of all okay number one is the french toast at sam's kosher
style deli you've had it i have it's epic number two are the banana cream uh waffles
at um charlie's that's across the street from my neighborhood and number three um
i guess i hop um pumpkin pancakes loki pancakes would definitely be dead last that's a toss-up
between waffles and uh french toast because it depends where you go actually terrible or good
in its own category should be waffle house waffles just saying uh for me waffles are way up here
number one waffle waffle waffle way up high and then below that pancakes and french toast i gotta
i gotta rate french toast last i'm sorry don't get me wrong it's still good and i'll never pass on it
unless i'm like not feeling well but remember the sweet potato pancakes that we got that didn't
taste very sweet potato oh yeah maybe they have some sort of unholy turducken of like pancakes
waffles and french toast you know where you like take french toast and like the the monty cristo
of breakfast food like yeah you like take french toast and you maybe like put some waffle batter
with french toast made of challah and we stuff it with a crispy waffle filled with pancake i
love salacious pops comment and chat what the fuck is this sophie's choice shit
agree think how it feels for us uh stirlock says it's a tweet vita shuts out the blind
you can't use the buttons in the menus therefore making the system completely unusable for us
really i'm trying to think now see i haven't seen the vita or look at the interface at all
so i know i know he's talking about it looks like bubbles blind is it because since you can't use
the tangible buttons and obviously a blind person can't see the touch screen or know where to touch
yeah they're that's why they're screwed yep because you can't use tangible buttons well that's messed
up sony needs to think about everybody hopefully in a patch i mean i have seen handicap accessibility
happen in patching not that that's gonna be a great answer for right now because that doesn't
because that doesn't look good for the us launch but hey you know what we say buddy
vote with your wallet if you can't play it don't buy one alan is telling all about you
ooh what oh did i eat waffles with nothing on them yeah i like i like plain i was like tell me
i do the same thing i burn them to a crisp and then i fuck yeah burned oh so good but
know what i've been doing lately though is just screw the you know scrutiny sort of like utensils
you just pour a stack of four waffles you pour syrup on the top a ton of syrup on top i don't
even like syrup oh i love syrup yeah enjoy my stuff man it's it's fucking good it's not that
i don't like it peanut butter too much like why peanut butter waffles are fucking good like i do
like all that stuff don't get me wrong but it's just you know i especially after i got sick a few
years ago i feel like i can have the taste of it without adding all that stuff but i'll tell you
what there's one thing that is perfect by itself waffle house chocolate chip pink uh no chocolate
chip waffles extra crispy they are like eating a giant cookie all right i got i got to get to
a couple fast fast tweets from tiger claw because these are some big stories we missed
skyrim online mod ads co-op this seems huge to me yeah but it's not even close to being done
well yeah it's still in an early alpha state but it makes you wonder why doesn't Bethesda
do something official maybe they will in an expansion for the game i don't know but uh
it's called uh skyrim online the release notes are at skyrim nexus.com right now there's no
animations you just kind of see people floating around uh as they're you know naked you know
prisoner but they're working on it yeah they're working on it right now they have chat and they've
got you know right some of that all right and uh let's see i got another tweet from tiger claw
namco bandai trademarked alien confidential what the hell is this game about yeah who knows who
knows seven aliens are forced to live in a house it was a trademark filed on december 12th in north
america and europe uh i'm assuming this is an e3 reveal and probably not a um probably not a uh
i don't know where i was going with that i was making a bad joke
it's getting late my brain's malfunctioning help
that's it for tweets tonight last minute stories atlas is teasing something on their twitter
uh they're giving hints to a new game announcement the first hint was it starts with g last hint or
second hint was that it ends with an r and that it's a strategy rpg people are thinking that it's
people are thinking that it's gun oh is it gonna gunner uh they confirmed it's gungener
or whatever that one is yeah gungener that's that's the one it is yes of course it's what
it is so they haven't confirmed it yet they haven't made the official announcement it's
wednesday is when they record the visual announcement oh oops well i mean everybody
knows what it is it's like oh come on i could swear i i thought i read that from dark tetsuya
not you well i mean they're saying i mean they're they're teasing that's what it is and everybody
they haven't come out flat come out and said it yet because there will on wednesday but uh
yeah that's what it is atlas is publishing it of course so yeah looks interesting it will be for
the uh ds or psp i'm sorry psp uh telltale's doing a new series law and order legacies for the iphone
and it's coming out on pc and mac next year and uh it's kind of cool because i've watched a hell
a lot of uh law and order very familiar with olivia benson from svu and actually all the
other ones dig all the series um so they'll be coming out and um yeah that's pretty much it
yeah that'll do it that's good enough all right well we've gone very late tonight it's been a long
epic show thank you guys so much for staying up late with us and listening to us um it's the part
of show where we gotta close up and get everybody's final thoughts uh loki we'll start with you a final
thought of the year we never really did like an end of the year special where we picked our game
of the year i guess we'll have to do that our first week back because we will have a show on
new year's day i have one already well let's let's wait hold off on it till new year's all right so
your final thought loki uh my final thought is um i need to work on my modding stuff because i have
like four or five like mod things in progress like you know i have a screen here where i started
doing you know code for call of duty my warfare rooms stupid skyrim keeps taking me away from it
and now mario kart it's just and then grand theft auto modding holy crap haven't done that in
forever dark soccer your final thought tonight fucking jury duty uh my final thought tonight is
there's nothing wrong with drinking the soda without a straw good lord alan leave me alone
what it sometimes tastes better when you don't drink it with a straw thank you see loki this is
why we get along dan never uses a straw see when he is given a drink to go he takes off the lid and
the straw and drinks out of the cup amen dan you rock i however like straws for every damn thing
and put them in my cans because i like to suck on stuff all right that's gonna uh the joke's right
themselves yep and on that note
hi kids that's the note we're gonna go out on here on 2011 have a wonderful week thanks for
tuning in if you enjoyed the show please tell other people to listen to the show we really
appreciate it have a great night good night see you next year you've been listening to orange
lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
