Today, December 11th, 2011, an official Xbox Live app shows up on Apple devices.
One of the Operation Rainfall games is announced for release in Europe, and Metal Gear meets
Bayonetta in a new game trailer.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live tonight with the 438th episode of our show on this December the 11th of 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as she always does week in and week out, say
hello to one of my co-hosts, the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Roar.
Roar!
How are you doing?
Roar.
You are a beast tonight.
I am.
Roar.
No, I'm doing-
Oh, now you're a sexy beast.
I'm always a sexy beast.
What are you talking about?
Except, you know, I'm really not.
I was today.
Talking about your outfit on Thursday, which we'll get to in a minute, that was, you were
a little bit of a sexy beast.
I like that outfit.
Oh, thank you.
You were rocking the flower in your hair.
I like that.
Even though my makeup got all screwed up by the end of the night.
Alright, we'll come back to Thursday in a minute, but first I've got to introduce the
other co-hosts who's here week in and week out, always find fast food dining when it
comes to six o'clock for our show.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
It wasn't, it was out of necessity because all the other places had longer lines.
Oh, and the fast food choice for tonight is?
McDonald's.
Alright, which does not service-
That's not food.
It's, it's, it's-
Does not service an official endorsement of the program by any means.
No, I want, I am not endorsing McDonald's, that's for sure.
No, I've been actually trying to shy away from McDonald's, but the problem is on the
way to this show, it's like, okay, you've got Carl's Jr., Burger King, and McDonald's
and Carl's Jr. had a line of seven cars.
I didn't want to go to, I just decided not to go to Burger King cause it's kind of hard
to get into that parking lot, out of that parking lot.
But-
These are real problems, people.
And I had Burger King for like the last two days, so, you know, but they're chef's choice
burger, man.
It's good shit.
That is some good stuff.
This however, not good stuff, and this would be the double quarter pounder that they made
completely weird.
What?
No McRib?
Dude, the McRib is nasty, okay?
I'm sorry.
McRib is not-
No, I know.
The McRib is nasty.
But it's all everyone ever talks about.
Have you actually ever read the nutritional information on that?
No thank you.
That's because there isn't any.
Ha ha.
No, it's, it's there.
It's just not very nutritional.
Alright look, I gotta, believe it or not we're a podcast about video games and live show,
not just food.
But let me introduce the chatters.
I have to introduce of course our chat room, the lovely folks that join us week in and
week out live.
Because of course we are live at All Games Radio, which we are every Sunday night at
six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you want to join us in the chat room, just point your browsers to chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Or of course if you have an IRC client, you can get on that way too by connecting to the
Game Church network and it's Channel Orange Lounge, but most people just prefer the easy
way out.
So there you go.
Choose whatever way you wanna do.
Come talk with us.
And some folks in there are talking about retweeting the show status.
Good, good, good idea.
Thank you for helping to promote the show.
Appreciate it.
And then MPRA2 is saying, well, back to Battlefield 3.
Sorry, OLR, I gotta unlock fire extinguisher for my jets.
So I guess we lost out to Battlefield tonight.
That makes me sad.
A lot of people have been playing Battlefield.
I always go on to see what everyone else is playing.
Very tempted.
A lot of times I see Saints Row.
I could go play some Saints Row, but Skyrim is, I need to do meaningless tasks in Skyrim.
Well, I was gonna say, no matter which friends list we're talking about, on my 360, everybody's
playing Skyrim.
On my PlayStation 3, everybody's playing Skyrim.
Like it really is...
Nah, last night it was all Battlefield 3.
Do you know what consistently, again, between the two systems is number one though?
What I see people on more than anything else on the systems?
The answer's easier than you think.
Modern Warfare 3?
Netflix.
Ah, yeah.
Even though...
Well, let's talk about this a little bit.
Let's get into games a little bit.
Talk about the new Xbox remodel that happened this week, because they launched the new Xbox
dashboard.
What do they call it?
The Xbox dashboard?
Is that what it's called?
Experience?
Experience?
I don't know what it is.
It's technically a dashboard, but...
So I guess what they're trying to do is they're trying to...
Call it boring.
Well, they're trying to integrate Kinect more into it, and have it be that way, but...
Whoopty shit.
Here it is.
Long story short, look, if you have a 360, you've probably already seen it.
The entire internet was trying to download it that day, and it was delayed, et cetera,
et cetera.
Everybody's seen it by now, but I gotta be honest, eh...
It's prettier.
I'll give it that.
The ads kind of stick out a lot more.
I noticed that too right away.
But it's really built for the Kinect, and I just think it's kind of eh...
Not a big fan of it.
I mean, the Kinect's cool and all, but I don't want it shoved down my throat, and I kind
of feel like this new Xbox redesign kind of really shoves the Kinect down your throat,
and like, I don't know about you guys, but in my apartment, the Xbox is not always that
res...
Or Kinect and all that is not always that responsive, and I don't wanna use it.
I mean, it's fine if I light things up to play Dance Central or whatever, but in my
low-lit apartment otherwise, I don't like to try and use Kinect.
I understand people, you know, think it's cool, and by people like me and Microsoft,
think it's cool to have voice commands and Kinect commands and stuff like that for all
the stuff in there.
You can wave your hand back and forth to scroll through the pages.
Or I can take less time, a fraction of a second less, to move my thumb slightly to the left
or right on my analog stick to do the exact same thing.
It's just like...
I don't understand...
I mean, yeah, you gotta support the Kinect, and that's fine that you wanna add more connectivity
to the dashboard, but I just...
I think it's unnecessary, and it's kind of a step backwards for a lot of things.
It made a lot of stuff a lot harder to find.
I mean, there's pros and there's cons.
On the one hand, it's really easy, like if I think of an old game that's on my Xbox that
I wanna play, like let's say Xbox, Bing, Magic the Gathering, I can go play that game, which
maybe I haven't played in a long time, but otherwise, kind of digging through my collection
is a lot of key presses to get to, because you have to kind of scroll over.
It does kind of like that, it's a crossbar but not really thing, where I just...
It's weird.
I don't really like...
I mean, it's prettier, but in practicality, it's kind of an annoyance.
I think a lot of stuff's harder to find, although you have Bing if you know what you're looking
for.
Bing does not search the internet.
I think a lot of people assumed, because Bing is like a competitor to Google, that you'd
be able to like Bing, Orange Lounge Radio, and you get taken to our website, but now
no, if you try to Bing, Orange Lounge Radio, I don't think you get anything at all, because
we don't...
The icons that used to be up on the marketplace have been long gone.
The all games icons, they took down when the avatars launched, so you can still use them
if you have them.
Rob, you made me laugh just now.
Why?
What'd I do?
Magic the Gathering.
I don't know why I was thinking about that game the other day, and I'm not even talking
about Magic 2012, but there's like an older one, and I don't know.
Actually, here's what's funny, actually, on that kind of same note, like how this whole
thing has broken the Xbox, I tried to play the older Magic the Gathering game, because
I bought that first one that came out on Xbox Live some time ago.
I don't know why.
Sometimes you get a bug, and you just want to play a certain game, right?
You play shit tons of classic games.
Why?
Because you think about it, and you're like, I want to frickin' play that game.
So I wanted to play the Magic game.
So I go, Xbox, Bing, Magic the Gathering, and it finds it, and I go, okay, I'm going
into the game, and it launches the game, and it says, you need an update to play this game.
This update is no longer available, and it clits the game.
So this game I bought for ten bucks, maybe a year ago, like I can't play anymore because
they decided to remove the update, is like this trying to force me into the 2012 version
of the game.
I don't even know.
That kind of irritated me.
Technically we could get you the update, but I mean, it's still a pain in the ass to do
that.
It's just me meaning, you know, download it from the internet, but I shouldn't have to
do that, right?
That's right.
It should just work.
So anyway, I kind of think the new Xbox experience will end.
The whole reason I brought it up in the first place, going back to chat, and chat reminded
me of this, is that they took out the party feature from Netflix, which is kind of one
of the deals that people really loved about Netflix on the Xbox 360 is that it had the
party mode, and of course they're not really saying why.
And this just kind of further down that spiral of, boy, Netflix had to make a lot of unpopular
decisions this year.
And I'm not saying it's necessarily their fault, because I think they're feeling a lot
of pressures from movie studios and things like that, you know, as movie studios are
finally realizing, oh shit, the internet really is the wave of the future.
They're kind of having to adapt to it.
So I'm thinking the movie studio is probably pressured into removing the party feature,
because it never showed up on any other console.
Yeah, because if you think about it, oh, I want to watch a movie with my friends.
Well if you want to watch a movie with your friends, you're going to go buy the damn DVD.
That's what the movie studio is thinking, probably.
Yeah, it's a little weird, but there were some people that really liked that feature
that it got taken away.
I didn't realize how many people were using it until I saw the QQing on my Twitter.
So they made indie games harder to find, also.
I just, you know, download whatever I'm going to watch, and then watch it with a couple
of friends on AIM.
But I mean, I guess it was the same thing.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, if I really want to watch games, I mean, technically, technically, couldn't
I, and I don't know if this is possible, maybe the chat can help me out here, couldn't I
open up the Xbox party and open up one of those cross-game chat dealies, and then go
onto Netflix and say, okay, on the count of three, press the start button, one, two, three,
start.
Or, because it wouldn't really work, because people's bandwidth might be different, or...
I don't know, it might...
I would think you could still kind of do it.
You could wait five seconds before commenting or something, I don't know.
This is weird.
So, anyway, so the new Xbox experience gets up from me.
Other stuff going on in the gaming world this week before we get into specifically what
games we've been playing this week.
Of course, Dark Soccer and I already made reference to this earlier in the show.
We went to UMLoud on Thursday, which we've been trying to tell you guys on the show for
weeks and weeks now, like, check it out, go if you're in the San Francisco Bay Area, or
check it out online at umloud.org, and thank you, Oil Army, you were noticed in the chat
room during the pre-show.
I was not able to see chat myself from where I was, but I had the word passed along that
people were saying hello and stuff, so I really appreciate you guys showing up in force.
I hope some of you guys were able to donate to what is a great cause.
But who wants backstage gossip from the show?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, me, me, me, me, me, me.
I don't have negative stuff to say, no, I had a great time.
And so I'm sure those of you that watch the video feed, and if you haven't seen the video
feed yet, you can check it out, it is archived at umloud.org, and it takes you to the little
Ustream archived presentation, which was part of Game Spots, I guess, providing the bandwidth
or what have you for that whole thing.
You know, there were some audio problems in the beginning, which, you know, just my luck,
my first live shot's gonna go wrong, or something like that.
So it was very nerve-wracking, but at the end I was feeling a lot better with the interviews
and so forth, and people were very complimentary, so I was very happy, and got a lot of people
to come out and donate, which is the most important thing of all, of course, the donation.
But I just wanted to say, you know, despite all the technical things that happened, you
guys wouldn't believe how much change is on the fly when we're doing live stuff, especially
video from a big event.
I mean, OLR is one thing, this live environment, this hasn't bothered me for a long time, I
mean, this is kind of like my element, but doing video was a very, very interesting experience.
But having the very professional people from the AV Society that were helping to put it
on was such a relief, because, like, truly, and I'm not just saying this to kiss ass because
I truly, truly feel this way, like, everybody was super professional and just super awesome.
And were people stressed out?
Sure.
I mean, there was a lot to get stressed out about.
Some guests weren't there, and some video clips weren't around, you know, it stings.
We get stressed out at OLR when the internet goes down and we can't do our show like we
planned.
You know, things happen, but it's kind of the way that people kind of react to those
change and still interact with each other.
I just really felt there was still like a really high level of professionalism.
So I just got to give kudos to all those people that put it on.
I mean, was it scary?
Yes.
But was it rewarding?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So I had a fantastic time.
And you were cute.
Your hat was cute.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a little thread.
Yes.
A coworker went shopping with me the other night.
We bought an all new outfit, so I'm like, oh, I like that shirt, but I understand Alan
stealing it from you.
Yes.
Yes.
That's what happens is that, you know, I buy a shirt and then, you know, Alan says, no,
I want that shirt.
Steal.
No, I'm wearing the shirt that I bought for that night, but I really just bought it to
wear under that, uh, my hoodie, uh, going to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com
Kaijuto says no cat fights backstage.
No, no.
It's all in the name of charity.
Actually.
I gotta say this.
This is the cool thing is that, you know, and I was mentioning this a little bit.
On the call on Bobby show is that, you know, one of the other co-hosts was really well
known on Twitch TV and it was streamed on Ustream and you had people behind the scenes
from GameSpot and IGN, but you know what, at the end of the day, who cares?
Who cares?
It's for charity.
Like, you know, day jobs and all those allegiances and so forth are one thing and the communities
we're into, but at the end of the day, it isn't about us and about our ego.
Everybody really did truly check those in at the door because it was about the charity.
And I honestly, the people I was working with anyway, I don't think have ego anyway.
So you know, I didn't sense that at all.
I ran into one thing that I'm really not going to discuss, but I think I did a very fluid
sidestep of drama.
Well you know why I say fluid?
Because I drank.
Anytime you get a group of nerds together, it's always bound to be a hilarious time.
Anyhow, going to our other chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, Tiger Claw says everyone loved your beard Rob.
You know, Tiger Claw, I seem to remember you specifically thought the beard was weird at
first.
So I'm glad you've come full circle and come to embrace the beard that I started a couple
months ago.
I appreciate it.
Let's see, going back to our chat room, Act Def says, I did watch UMLoud live.
I did see the last part of the pre-show.
Well, thank you.
It was good times.
It was really good times.
And they actually, it wasn't just the pre-show they broadcast live, but they broadcast the
whole thing, all the bands.
And I got to say, just hilarious, imaginative bands.
And if you missed us talking about what UMLoud is on last week's show, in a nutshell, people
pay money to play rock band on an actual concert stage.
And so of course they go all out and all the money goes to the Child's Play charity.
I liked the Aperture band.
Oh yeah, the one that was all dressed up like Devo, the Devoid or whatever, that was phenomenal.
And even that very first band that came out after the introduction, they were all dressed
up like Harry Potter characters and they did You Oughta Know for whatever reason.
But I was like, they're Gryffindor kids singing You Oughta Know.
It's funny.
That was pretty funny.
But it was, it's great.
Everybody went all out and you know what, I'll tell you this, here's something you didn't
hear on the pre-show literally because the mic was dead.
The first guy I'm interviewing, you don't unfortunately hear that interview at all because
the mic wasn't working and it had to do with the wireless.
You'll notice it switches from a wireless to a wired because for whatever reason the
wireless connection just died.
But the first guy I'm interviewing, he actually talked about his band.
He was in the band Gay Riot was the name of the band and they were doing a David Bowie
song.
But it was really funny when we were talking about it because I said, well, he said the
lead singer was going to dress up like David Bowie.
And I said, I said, well, you know, where's he getting the idea or whatever?
Where'd you guys get this idea?
And he said, oh, well, his girlfriend put him up to it.
I said, so you guys are called Gay Riot, but David Bowie's girlfriend put him up to it.
He's like, yep.
I said, well, with David Bowie, you never can tell these things.
So there's something you missed out on by there not being audio.
That was, that was a fun interview.
I feel sorry for that guy.
They were all good sports.
These people completely pulled, like for real, like I will admit, like the raffle fairy,
Amanda, she's a good friend of mine.
So I, of course I wanted to bring her on, but a lot of those people were complete strangers
and really good sports and some great interviews.
I had a fun time.
I had a good time too, because I got, I was helping to test out the free play setup, which
I set up half of it before my hand said no.
And um, you were singing a lot of songs in there before they opened the doors.
I heard, yeah, well, I always have to, I can't use earplugs because they always make my ears
hurt more for some reason, but I have this fear of being out of key, which people who
know me know why I have that problem.
So I was trying to make sure everything was set up and finally there was this one dude
in there who was a super cool and we played a band on the run and that made me happy because
anyone who appreciates Paul McCartney in the wings is cool in my book.
All right.
Go to our chat room at chat.orangelaungerator.com.
Tiger Claw says, Rob, it would have been great if you got on stage and sang some of the songs.
You know, I, I would have done it, but I wasn't sure if I could because of the other stuff
I was doing, but I think in retrospect, I probably still would have just been able to
buy a band spot and been on at the end.
So maybe next year, like I'm not opposed to it.
It's for a good cause.
It's a great thing.
We bought raffle tickets.
I, we, Alan and I won a raffle prize.
I haven't got to play it yet because, um, we had, we had to leave before it was over
because keep in mind, San Francisco is a two hour drive and I had to work the next day
with a morning meeting.
So we won the raffle prize late, but we won some fishing game on the way from the raffle,
but we bought a handful of raffle tickets and walked out of there with that.
So anyway, I, I won't talk about it all night, but it was a incredible time.
Met a lot of great people, um, can't wait for next year and, um, go watch the live feed
and if you like it, fricking donate.
It's a great cause.
I mean, remember there's a lot of kids in hospitals that would just love to have just
any some of these expensive systems we talk about, like three DS and some of this stuff,
you know, even if they're too young to enjoy this stuff, child's play goes so far to get
like coloring books and things like that.
You know, remember this is just a really tough time of year.
You know, a lot of kids, you know, sometimes don't easily have access to that stuff when
they're going through a really hard time.
So child's play kind of helps deliver that.
So just think about that.
No stuffed animals.
It's actually the only thing, um, if you're going to donate a toy, do not donate a stuffed
animal because they do carry germs.
Interesting.
It has to be something that can be sterilized.
I didn't think about that.
I just donate money.
Yeah.
Money.
Money's good.
So, all right.
Anyhow, uh, umlab.org.
So how about our gaming weeks?
Let's talk about the video games that we have been playing this week and enjoying, um, in
our time that we're not trying to raise money for charity.
Dark Sakura?
I'm sorry.
What?
How was your gaming week?
That's the question.
I know.
That was my answer.
Um, what?
You played rock band.
I played rock band.
I played some well.
I was going to play dance masters yesterday, um, but I was feeling really crappy.
Really crap.
I was bugging you to do that too.
You were.
I was gonna.
I was gonna do everything and then I was like, I got out of my seat and everything.
No, I was going to go in and set it up and then I was just not feeling well.
We had a busy beginning of the week cause I know you had a lot of rush design projects
and I had a lot of design to do.
I had, um, I had umlaude.
I had the American river review release party, which by the way, the 2012 American river
review is out.
If you go to arc.losrios.edu and go to the bookstore link, you can order a copy.
So if our international audience wants to see what the local community college here
tell.
I'm going to, I'm going to tell why people internationally will like it because it actually
wins national awards, beats out the big four year schools and has some amazing literature
and artwork in it this year and culinary recipes, which I laid out.
Look at you showing your college pride.
I love it.
I'm pretty proud of it.
You should be.
Well, ARC is like the biggest, um, junior college in California.
Is there any video gaming content in the magazine?
Not quite, but there's plenty of pop culture.
Maybe you should.
That should be something you should think about for next year.
Just saying.
Well, I'm hoping next year we actually get some of the 3d modelers putting their stuff
in.
Okay.
Well that's cool.
Because like, well when I took the 3d class, I did a turret from portal.
I remember that.
That was a really cute little thing you did.
And other people have done, you know, different.
One person did a Game Boy Advance, you know, so I'm saying you get, there's, um, there's
definitely references.
I mean, a lot of the stories in there, there's definitely a few, uh, geeks doing the writing.
So but I think that it's worthwhile.
So really that's what my, um, that and UmLoud have really been what's taken up the bulk
of my week.
Not really specifically gaming, but it's been two worthy things that I was proud to have
been involved in this week.
All right.
That's good to me.
Fair compromise.
Loki, how about you?
You sadly couldn't make it to UmLoud because you know you have other obligations, but what
did you do this week?
Uh, I played Skyrim, mostly.
And I swear I waste so much time doing meaningless tasks like item management and what I can
carry with me.
And I have, I was literally today spending time at the, uh, enchantment table or whatever
to give my armor some extra, um, lifting abilities so I can just carry more crap with me as I'm
going around.
Um, I did one of the quests, which was, uh, I think it was called a night to remember
or something like that.
And where you get drunk and somehow end up like on the completely other side of the world.
And that's kind of what happened.
And so I've been journeying my way back, but thankfully I could fast travel back to Whiterun
to dump my crap into a cabinet, which this cabinet must have an infinite amount of space
because I...
It's a big cabinet.
It's a very big cabinet.
What you don't see in Skyrim is that at the other end of the cabinet is the door to Narnia.
So you just have all of Narnia to store your shit.
It pretty much is like that.
Um, and it was, it was...
Black Wolf in our chat room says, Loki was lollygagging.
And it's funny though, cause like I had to dump off, like I had 150 carrots, 150 carrots
for no reason whatsoever.
You wascally wabbit.
So the first thing I started doing is like, I'm going to eat all these carrots right now.
So I was like hammering down A, but it just took forever to do that.
Your skill in vitamin A has increased to 22.
So I decided I'm going to make it rain.
So I ran upstairs into this, like, uh, in this general goods store, ran upstairs to
the balcony and I was going to throw the carrots off the balcony and want to see like a pile
of carrots.
And you get a carrot!
And you get a carrot!
And you get a carrot!
But no, unfortunately it doesn't do it like that.
You would have to drop each one individually, um, because otherwise it drops them in piles
of like 109 and stuff.
It was very unepic.
So um, so yeah, I didn't do that.
But um, I don't know, I've just been playing a lot.
I think I actually looked at my playtime, I have like 36 hours in the game, and I've
done like nothing.
And I've probably further progressed in the story than you.
I've done like hardly anything in there.
I like to go, I like to find the random dungeons, but then I'm like, oh I don't want to explore
this dungeon because somebody in the nearby town might have a quest.
So I need to go to the quest and talk to everybody until I find the, and then I'm picking every
single fucking flower on the way because I can't stop!
Yeah.
And the game is horrible for people who have, like, because I go in with the JRPG mindset
from Final Fantasy, right?
Gotta find every treasure box, gotta open everything, gotta get every item, I want my
perfect run through, 999 everything, right?
Like you take that mindset to Skyrim, you are fucked.
You'll never get anything done, and you will have 150 carrots in your goddamn bag because
you picked every single one.
Like that's...
I go through all the towns searching the barrels, and I know very well that there's not gold
in those barrels.
Like carrots, or apples, or tomatoes, or maybe cabbage that's worth nothing.
Carrots are literally worth nothing, you cannot sell them for any money whatsoever.
But you can eat them!
You can eat them, or drop them on the ground.
You know that if you eat too many carrots it will turn you orange?
I shit you not, that happened to me when I was two, and I had to go to the ER.
It's actually happened to several famous people, like one of them was, what was her name that
played the older sister on the Partridge family?
I don't know.
Susan Day, wasn't that her?
Okay, sure.
But she ate nothing but carrots, like, and they had to tell her to stop eating carrots
because she turned orange on screen.
Come on, get orange!
Trivia!
But, um...
If I'm ever on Useless Crap Jeopardy, I'll remember that.
I'm trying to think if there's any other funny stuff that's happened, like, glitch-wise and
stuff.
Because I know there has been.
Uh, yeah, like, exploring random things, I went into a cottage, and there was this really
powerful wizard in the cottage that wanted to kill me.
I was like, oooookay.
Um, or the, what is it, there's like some sort of, there's like so many bands of, like,
I've lost track of all the different groups in the games, like, you know, they have the
Imperials and the Stormcloaks, and then they have the, the, what was it, the Followers,
or like, this is, and then some other weird band that's somewhere else that has these
weird, like, bone weapons that, they apparently suck, though, because I kicked the crap out
of them, but, um, yeah, so I played, basically I played lots of Skyrim, didn't really do
much, um, in the game, other than, you know, going around.
I did happen, though, I was walking along, and I saw these people wandering, there were
traders that were bringing gifts for a wedding that was the cousin of, like, some head of
the trade council or something like that.
And so they're like, and they're basically like, oh, um, you know, we really should get
on our way, and then one of the options was, I'm gonna take those gifts from you.
So that's one of the options I did.
And then I murdered them and stole their gifts.
And I'm not, I think that's part of a quest, but I'm not really sure.
Okay, last Skyrim thing, and then we've got to move on, okay?
Well, someone actually did have a question.
What?
In the chat?
Yeah, did you offer the wizard carrots, Loki?
Except I think it's a statement because he didn't use any, um, punctuation.
Okay.
No, I did not.
All right.
I got to play this.
Bobby sent this to me.
He said, don't play the sound.
So I guess there's talking or whatever over it.
But he says music.
It's funny.
Is it?
Oh, you've heard this?
Yes.
He says it's 2,500 cheese wheels rolling off a mountain.
Let's see here.
It's awesome.
It's done with console commands.
Okay.
Oh, there they all go.
That is a mountain of cheese.
There's your whole.
See, that's the kind of epic.
What about this 4,200 cabbages going downhill in the related video?
This is really fast forward over there.
Oh, there they go.
All the cabbages going downhill.
That's not Skyrim music.
What the hell is that?
It's like.
I don't know.
It's like techno porn music.
It's like porno music.
That's tech demo music, Rob.
If you like cabbages, that's like tech demo music, seriously, you like Skyrim.
I got the video for you.
Welcome to Skyrim Rob Live.
I mentioned last week or maybe the week before last that once you do a few quests for people
that all of a sudden they started trusting you with their possessions, which means that's
the prime time to go clear out all the possessions out of their houses, including all the goblets
and stuff.
That's not even worth money, but because I'm a klepto, I have to take everything.
I found out that after a while they restock all their stuff in their house.
So I went to the castle again and took everything out of the castle again and then threw them
off the mountain.
All right.
Can we move on?
I want to talk about something other than Skyrim.
Skyrim's been out almost a month now.
Oh, and play lots of Call of Duty, Modern Warfare.
It's awesome.
All right.
Actually, Skyrim's been out one month today.
Today's December 11th.
Anyway.
All right.
Other games.
My gaming week.
Yay.
I'm going to talk about three games.
Three new things I played this week.
Okay.
On the Xbox 360, I checked out Apples to Apples, which is the translation of the ever popular
card party game.
I don't even...
I can't fathom how that works.
Well, it's not like...
It's pretty much what you'd think.
If you're playing an Xbox Live, there's single player and then there's Xbox Live.
So Xbox Live is the obvious mode, right?
You go in and it goes around.
It's just like the game.
And if you've never played the game before, you have green cards which have words like...
They're like adjectives, like depressing or things like that might be one of the green
cards.
And then the red cards all have nouns or time periods, celebrities, person place things
type of stuff.
And you have to play the card that you think the judge for that round who drew the green
card will pick.
And for example, one of the red cards is Helen Keller.
And that will always win every round.
And I'm proud to say Helen Keller is in the Apples to Apples 360 game.
It had to be there.
So if somebody plays the green card sassy and I play Helen Keller, then somebody might
pick that as the winner.
And then the winner gets a point and then whoever gets 5, 10 points, whatever the game's
rules are first, wins the game.
So that's cool and all, but it's Xbox Live and you never really know the people on Xbox
Live.
And what I notice is that political jokes on cards are really hard to make on Xbox Live
because you might get a card.
What was the one I got today?
It was something like oppressive and somebody played Ronald Reagan and like, I thought it
was funny.
I'm like, I get it.
I it's a joke, but somebody else is like, whatever, you know, and like it started this
whole political discussion.
I'm just like, come on, it's Apples to Apples people.
This isn't fun.
What about the single player?
How the hell does that work?
It's the single player is Boggle.
You ever play Boggle?
So you know that where you find the words in the mixed grid of letters.
And so in the first few levels, you're just trying to figure out what red card would the
computer pick.
And it's really obvious.
Like it's all these big stereotypes, like Helen Keller, no, the Apple might be dressed
up like a princess.
And so the card might be something like, you know, pretty and the cards you get are like
nuclear war, uh, you know, oatmeal and diamonds.
And so a princess of course is going to pick diamonds.
So you have to find in the board D I A O M and he spell out diamonds.
It's kind of dumb.
That sounds like racial profiling to me a little bit.
It's stereotyping a lot, but especially when you start getting into like the Cowboys and
the hippies and all that stuff.
But anyway, it gets impossibly hard though when words just disappear from the red cards
and now it'll be like, it'll like the red card will be rock and question, question,
question, question.
And so you have to look on the board and be able to find role and know that it goes with
rock.
And not only that, you have to figure out which one of the three cards it's, it's as
impossible to figure out how to play as it is to figure out how I'm explaining it to
you to be honest.
So single player gets weird fast.
So I honestly think apples to apples is only going to be fun if you have people to play
it with.
And how much was it again?
10 bucks.
And honestly, for that price, you should go to target and actually buy apples to apples.
I mean, really, you'll have more fun with real people than you will, I think online.
Sorry to say, but, um, you know, for, I guess a card game going to a flash game from a technical
perspective would be, it integrates with Facebook.
If you want to spam your achievements for everybody, I don't see every Xbox game doing
that.
So I guess some people are into that.
All right.
Uh, since you brought up games that are party games that have been translated to the Xbox,
here's a challenge for any developers out there that I think this would be perfect.
For an indie game, because the sure as hell aren't going to bring the Xbox live arcade
eat poop.
You cat.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You've talked about this on the show before, but for those, for those who don't know what
game you're talking about, it's basically like a visual telephone.
You start off by writing a phrase, you know, it could be like, I like apples.
And then the next person draws what draws a picture of the phrase.
And then, uh, the person after that, the first phrase is hidden.
So all they see is the picture and they have to come up with a new caption for it.
And it goes on from there until, especially when you get people that can't draw at all
like me.
Yeah, it goes on from there.
But I think that'd be hilarious to do like a, you know, a game like that.
Maybe have Xbox live support or something like that.
Alpha Kana gram in our chat room is going so far as to correct me and even saying, but
sky it's $20 is target at target.
It's double.
Well, well hold on.
Alpha Kana gram, I'm going to one up you because if you want to play with your friend on Xbox,
you both have to buy the game.
So that's $10 each ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
And more if you have more friends, right?
So anyhow, I love that somebody actually went to look that up.
I'm going to hope he just bought that as a Christmas present for somebody recently or
whatever it is he celebrates this time of year.
All right.
Um, anyhow, uh, so there was that other games I played this week, Mario Kart seven on the
three D S um, I'm going to say the exact same thing every other reviewer has said about
Mario Kart seven.
You ready?
It's Mario Kart.
That's really an accurate description.
I mean, you, you know, Mario Kart, anybody who's been playing games for a while knows
Mario Kart.
It's the same game that was on the DS and the it's on every Nintendo system and it's
on now on the three D S the three D is tasteful.
It's not over the top.
Uh, it's, it's done fine.
It's, it's fun to play with three D.
The online works just like the Wii.
This almost essentially feels like a port of the Wii game to the three D S but with
some newer tracks.
I don't understand some of the online stuff they integrated.
Like my three D S will randomly get these randoms, um, ghosts just seem to download
from online.
Randomly random ghosts.
Yes.
Randomly random.
It's super random.
It's more, it's redundantly redundant.
And it'll be like, you just got a new ghost and I'll be like, Oh, maybe I street passed
with somebody or maybe somebody on my friends list just, you know, somehow sent me a ghost
from through the internet.
How cool.
And then I'll, I'll race against the ghost and it'll be like, you beat Kanji cut text
from Japan.
And I'm like, I don't know this person.
Why did it send me this ghost?
So you get like random stuff, but you can do community stuff in Mario Kart.
I'm going to name my first born Kanji text from Japan.
Shut up.
Um, uh, you can do community stuff.
So of course, as we do for any new community thing that hits the internet, we have run
and hurriedly set up the OL army community.
I have no idea how community racing works for, from what I understand, there's like
a top three for the month and you can do all that.
So the friend code is posted on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR or sorry, community code.
It's different than a friend code.
The community code for the oil army is posted on Twitter and it's on our Facebooks as well.
Um, and I'm sure somebody will post it in chat in a matter of minutes at us because
live during the break tonight, I'm going to try and play it.
Now I understand it might be an entire grand prix race, so I might have to drop, but I'll
do at least a couple of races with you guys during the mid point break tonight.
I am planning on getting this game and actually I'm also planning, not even planning.
I am getting super Mario three land.
I will have it Friday.
Uh, tiger call on our chat says it's spot pass.
Yeah, I know it's spot pass, but it makes no sense.
Like I get spot passes.
Some of the other games I play like, uh, super Mario three, I know what it is.
It's all those Japanese developers that you, uh, street passed within.
Didn't you like do some at E3?
Do you think because I've exchanged data with them before, like at E3, now I'm getting all
their ghosts.
Really?
Yeah.
So I'm playing against Japanese developers and I'm kicking their ass.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
I think if you cross reference those ghosts with, you know, really, yeah, cause that would
be a, that makes a lot of sense actually.
That's kind of weird.
Interesting.
I know somebody who got me a moto's me at E3.
No, no, no, no.
Hold on.
I'm sorry.
It's just the door is wide open for the jokes.
You might be easy to be because they are of a certain nationality and they're not, they're,
they're not typically good drivers.
Racism fail.
All right.
That's racism racing right there.
Stop.
All right.
But I will say this.
The other thing I got to say about Mario Kart seven is that a lot of really good retro tracks
came back.
Like a Waluigi pinball.
That track is so fun.
And some of the Wii tracks came back that are awesome too.
Here's my gripe.
And this has been since like, I think even the NDS one.
What's up with them bringing back the most terrible tracks for battle mode.
Like their, their decision, Hey, from the test before let's bring back the big donut
or something like that.
Like one of the, like the most, you know, kind of terrible.
Like they brought back Mario circuit two from the original super Nintendo game.
And like if I was going to bring back one of the courses in the super Nintendo game,
I would have brought back one of the ghost houses because those levels were epic.
I think they did that in the DS one though.
I know.
I mean, they pick, they pick these really random tracks that they bring back.
It's like, and you didn't want to bring back block four or you didn't want to bring back,
you know, um, I don't remember the one that they had that where's another one.
It was like a four tiered one that was on or three tiered one on the Nintendo 64 version.
That was pretty awesome, but Oh, those, you know, those are terrible.
We'll just bring back the donut or all the weird ones that they had in the Wii there
just made no sense.
All right.
Um, so that's Mario Kart seven.
It's Mario Kart, but it's like, look, if you have a three DS already, you probably have
already bought Mario Kart seven.
I don't know what else I can tell you.
If you've never played a Mario Kart game before, then go to a friend's house who has it and
use download play.
Cause you can do download play with one cart and there you go.
Instant demo.
All right.
One more.
You should have brought your system.
All right.
One more game.
I street pass with people at Umlaut too.
They have new houses in Mario three D land, toad houses and stuff, so anyway, one more
game to talk about this week, one more Unimas.
And it's a game that Loki loaned to me two weeks ago that I finally got around to playing
this week.
Yes.
I jumped in and I played saints row, the third, which is totally not the type of game I would
ever imagine myself playing because like, I get why people like grand theft auto, but
I'm always like, eh, you know what I'd rather play a role playing game or something, but
I decided to approach saints row three with an open mind and I got our saints row, the
third season with an open mind.
And I got to tell you, well, I should say this.
I played the first game in the series or I played like a extended demo or some, I played
it at friend's house or something else.
Kind of like, Oh, okay.
It's grand theft auto.
Huh?
So when this new one comes out, I'm like, Oh, and look, he's telling me, no, really.
It's it's like way over the top and it's crazy.
Now it's so fun.
Like it's not like the first game.
It's kind of like, Oh sure.
Lucky.
Sure.
You just, you just like this game.
That's cool.
That's cool.
And I have not laughed, I have not laughed this hard at a video game in a very long time.
It is so funny.
And it's funny because it's stupid as hell.
But in that getting together to watch a movie with your friends, that's really bad.
Like a Manos, the hands of fate, mystery science theater kind of way.
Like it was awful, great.
And I got to say just, I am actually really impressed at how well they integrate the whole
create your own character and get it into the experience.
Because like, you know, towards the beginning of the game, you're allowed to create whatever
kind of character you want.
You can create a boy, girl, big boobies, little boobies, you know, fat, skinny.
Although I would argue that their version of fat is not that fat, but whatever.
And you know, you can do whatever you can have your character run around naked for all
you care.
You know, you could, you can design your character.
It's a great creator.
And then you get to pick a voice.
Do you want a man voice?
Do you want a woman voice?
Or do you want to be a zombie?
And no matter what it is you pick, you're like fully integrated into the game as the
leader of this gang.
So I decided to make my character, I made kind of like, like a Pam Greer from a Blackspoitation
film in the 70s, if she had gigantic, well, she did have gigantic titties, but like unrealistically
big titties, because I took the tip meter as high as it would go.
And she's large and in charge.
And at first I was going to make her a grandma, but I decided, no, I'm going to scale back
the age a little bit.
So she's kind of like, she's like a husky kind of Pam Greer.
And it's like, what I love about it is that it flows so well with the, with the woman
voice and everything, like, like the way, I know what you guys are thinking, like, what
are you saying?
A woman can't be in charge or whatever.
But no, what I'm saying is that it's almost like they've recorded everything seven or
eight times or however many characters there are to get the script to work impressive,
that attention to detail on something so stupid, but it pays off tremendously.
That attention to detail pays off tremendously.
I was laughing so fucking hard.
I was crying during that airplane sequence where my character gets sucked out the door.
So her fat ass is rolling down the little shoot and then they're skydiving or whatever.
And there's this whole like skydiving sequence and you're, you're literally flipping upside
down to shoot people mid-air as you're skydiving.
And then you're flipping right side up.
And then like, you're going, are we about to fly through that plane window?
And you know, there's only one way we can do this.
And so you, you throw the chick off your back and she yells ASSHOLE as you throw her.
And just my character stays sassy the entire time, which is so true to the character I
wanted her to be.
Or you got to remember, to put this in perspective, last week or the week before I was talking
about White Knight Chronicles 2 on the PlayStation 3, where you also create a character, but
your character never talks.
Your character is a bystander.
Your character isn't integrated into the story at all.
I'm not saying this makes White Knight Chronicles a bad game, but when you put that side by
side with the lengths that they've gone to integrate whatever it is you want into Saints
Row the Third, I am like so impressed with that level of detail.
And just, just the fact that my character can get into a tank and blow shit up and,
and as Bobby was talking about in his show before when he was talking about the game,
and I noticed this too, I was so damn impressed with that sequence where you get in the car
and you're listening to the radio and Sublime's What I Got comes on the radio and you and
your, your gang member that you're driving with starts singing along to the song like
loving is what I got and they're, they're singing it the way people in that role would
really sing it.
You know, it's like there's a line in the song that goes like, but I can still get high
and like my character shouts like, you know, it like it's, it's little things like that
that just put this game in a caliber where it's like, you really like, I think you have
to experience it.
Like I Loki, you're right.
It's game is hilarious and it's fun to play.
But it's, I'm going to have to play it and only gets better.
It's just, it's like you think that the whole airplane thing was ridiculous.
Let me put it this way.
Have you seen the new, the new 18 movie?
You had no, I haven't seen the new 18 movie.
Okay.
Well there's, let me put it this way.
The first skydive sequence reminded me a lot of shoot them up the Clive Owen movie.
This their spoiler, there is a second skydive sequence at one point that reminds me a lot
of the a team where they try to fly a tank.
I can't, I can't stress.
And then, no, somebody in the chat room asked, Rama Rama asked if I gave my character an
Afro.
No, I did.
I, I gave, I gave her the long flowing hot black hair to go, you know, she's got the
volume of the Beyonce luminous, no, she has voluminous hair, kind of a modern, modern
day Jackie Brown, Pam Greer looking thing.
But um, just my character is so sassy and that's what I wanted her to be.
And it's great.
I did, I did play some more Saints Row the Third this week.
I forgot.
I, we've been playing horde mode during our lunch breaks and that game, horde mode is
pretty fun on its own actually.
It's just really ridiculous.
Some of the stuff that they have.
Now what cracks me up, Dark Sakura, when you play through the game, what you should do
is you should make a zombie because apparently if you play as a zombie, that is still integrated
in the story mode.
So like, you know, your characters will be talking, your characters like seriously what
they do.
Yeah.
What you said.
So you really think we should do that?
I don't want to play a zombie.
If I play it, I want to make a, you know, my type of character and the zombie will sing
what I got as well.
Travis Donovan over at under station live made me, he's been playing through the game
as me and apparently I like to run around.
I apparently I do this in real life with hot pink bunny slippers and a hello kitty backpack
because that's what the me character in the game has, but I imagine the game is hilarious
still because you're playing this guy and you know, probably still really funny with
all the outfits.
So just don't expect like you got to put a game like Saints Row the Third side by side
with Skyrim and they couldn't, they're so different, but they're both like open world
games and so forth.
And I think, I think it's just one of those things where it's like, like Skyrim is the
Oscar nominated picture you see at the art house movie, which is a great experience and
you'll just, you'll be, you know, happy to have witnessed it.
And then it's basically, it's Laura, the rings and fucking transformers.
I mean, or no, it's like except transformers wasn't actually saints row.
The third is like getting high and going to see, um, pink Floyd's the wall set to the
lasers.
No.
Would it be the difference between watching Lord of the rings and Friday?
Yes.
That's a great analogy.
Friday is also an amazing movie, right?
It's hilarious, but not for the same reasons.
Friday is just fucking funny, right?
That's a great analogy.
I would compare it to like Lord of the rings in the movie.
Shoot them up, shoot them up is seriously like this game follows that movie.
I mean, there's a lot of stuff that they took straight out of just ridiculous actions sequences.
Um, like the whole, whole intro is seriously ripped off of that movie, but I don't care
cause it's awesome.
All right, let's go to one question from the chat room and then we'll, we got to get to
gaming news.
It's been like an hour and we're still talking about our gaming weeks.
Tiger class says, makes you wonder if they were ever to make a saints row movie, would
it be an action comedy?
Okay, look, whoever does the saints row movie, which I am all for at this point, like I think
I absolutely think they should make a saints row movie and I think it should be over the
top stupid funny.
Like it needs to be like airplane.
Okay.
So I think the Zucker brothers should do the saints row movie.
I need to just incorporate Leslie Nielsen in there somewhere.
He's dead.
I know, but I mean, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
They could, you know, work him in cause it would have to have through technology these
days.
Exactly.
Well they could, if they could do, you know, what was that last, um, Bruce Lee movie where
he's, you know, dead halfway through filming it.
I love it.
See her in our chat room says, I thought you guys were talking about the song Friday.
Still an accurate comparison.
Lord of the rings.
Rebecca blacks Friday was 17 gazillion YouTube views.
All right, look.
So that was my gaming week saints row, the third hilariously stupid, hilarious.
All right.
And I will play more of it because I just, I laugh consistently when I'm playing that
game.
And I think that's so important.
So, all right.
Sometimes you want final fantasy.
Sometimes you want Dick and fart jokes.
All right.
Housekeeping twitter.com slash O L R.
Visit us on Twitter, uh, facebook.com slash orange.
I'll show you.
We are on Facebook upcoming show schedule.
We will be here next week on the 18th.
We will not be here on the 25th.
Although some alternative thing might go on on the 25th, like online or something.
I don't know.
Um, we got a milkshake.
Where's mine.
All right.
Just kidding.
I, anyway, uh, I had Starbucks on the way here.
If you can't tell, I'm wired on coffee today on the first.
We should have a show as of right now.
It looks like we will have a show on the first.
I don't know if anybody who doesn't camp or whatever be here on the first.
So I think we're doing a show then, which is the exact opposite of Bobby who comes on
before us.
Bobby's going to do a show Christmas night.
So spend, spend your Christmas with Bobby here on all games radio and then spend your
new years with us.
We'll ring in 2012.
Okay.
Um, let's get into the gaming news, but surprisingly enough for this time of year when everybody's
getting ready to go on holiday breaks and everything, there's a lot of damn gaming news
going on.
Right?
Loki start us off.
Yeah.
We're going to be talking about this, uh, the spike video game award show.
And of course with the VGA's, there's a lot of, um, do you watch the VGA's?
Nope.
No.
Me neither.
Nope.
I just, I don't even have to ask Jamie.
I'll just watch the trailers afterwards.
Why am I going to waste?
Thank you.
Tiger call.
It was game of death.
Everything I've heard about the VGA's online was that they just like people felt their
IQs dropping rapidly as they were watching it as if anybody should be surprised.
It's spike.
No offense, but I mean they have game trailers, TV and game trailers did a lot of the, um,
you know, while they did all the trailer stuff, they have it hosted on their site, but it's
just like watching GTTV, you know, because it's really late and obviously I don't watch
it then, but I'll just catch it, you know, when the trailers come online the next day
and that's kind of what happened, um, for the most part.
Um, so one of the, of course announced, they tease and they announced a lot of games, um,
during the show.
So one of the games of course that's been in, you know, talked about for a while, Metal
Gear Solid Rising.
Well, now apparently Metal Gear Solid Rising is now Metal Gear Solid Rising Revengeance,
which almost sounds like a made up word, but I'm, it's, subtitles are cool.
It's vengeance, but revenge.
It's called a portmanteau.
Um, it's a combination of two words, duh.
Really why I think the reason they have to add the subtitle in the first place is because
it's gonna be a series, would be my guess.
But yeah, it's now actually being worked on by Platinum Games, of course the company responsible
for such wonderful things like Bayonetta or, um, Madworld or, um, oh what was the other
one?
Which, funny enough, coming off the Saints Row 3rd discussion is kind of in that same
bucket, where Bayonetta, again, sometimes you just want a big, stupid action movie,
and don't get me wrong, Bayonetta is great.
Bayonetta would make an awesome movie, and they have to.
If a Bayonetta movie ever happens, Joe Pesci better fucking be in that movie, because if
there's no Joe Pesci there.
He's almost too old.
They gotta hurry.
No, no, no.
He can do it.
No, they need Mark Shephard.
Who?
Mark Shephard.
Who's he?
You don't want Supernatural.
He plays Crowley.
Of course I don't.
He plays Crowley.
I'm a 30 year old male.
There's nothing in Supernatural for me.
He's just, he's just, he would be perfect for that row.
That role.
Fair enough.
Except Joe Pesci is that role.
Yeah, when I played the game, I thought Joe Pesci did, but if Joe Pesci was too old, then
I guess whoever Dark Tiger is talking about.
So but that'd be, that'd be awesome.
But anyways, yeah, it's not a lot of details are released about this yet, other than the
fact that, you know, New Studio is working on it now, and also it's supposed to take
place now in the time period after Metal Gear Solid 4, and I guess you're gonna be doing
like, mercenary work for different people and stuff.
I heard, um, it's getting a lot of flack from the Metal Gear community because it's not
a true quote unquote, Metal Gear game.
But I'm kind of like, well, I mean, they've done a lot of spinoff Metal Gear games.
And in my opinion, you know, I, I was kind of like, okay, whatever about this game.
But now that I hear that the Bayonetta folks are involved, I've perked up a little bit.
And I'm like, oh, they're serious about making an action Metal Gear game at this point.
Because, you know, Bayonetta was a heck of a game.
So I'm, I'm kind of interested in this, like way more than I was before, which is only
a little bit.
So you know, these things are going to happen.
Are you going to be completely denied a Metal Gear Solid 5 because of this game?
I don't think so.
It'll happen eventually.
Yeah.
So, um, yeah, I mean, come on, Kojima has even said that, you know, that they're going
to be doing a five.
He knows that people want a five.
Jack Deft in our chat room says, simply screw the fans.
Rising looks awesome.
I kind of agree.
Yeah.
If the fans of Metal Gear, whatever don't want it, then don't buy it.
More for me.
All right.
Well, we were talking about the new Xbox live dashboard that rolled out this week and you
might have not noticed this, but, uh, thankfully the internet was there to help you out.
Uh, the terms of service for Xbox have recently updated where now you will not be able to
essentially sue Microsoft as part of a class action agreement anymore.
You might remember this conversation from a few months ago when Sony did the same thing
in their terms of service, except there's kind of a difference in that is that, you
know, Sony had that whole hack thing that went on a while ago and like actually had
a reason that people might want to file a class action lawsuit, but Microsoft to our
knowledge hasn't had anything happen.
But then there's that part of me that goes, well, you know, people are getting, including
yours truly are getting their Xbox is hacked yet Microsoft keeps denying that something's
going on.
Are they getting us to all accept this agreement here so that in 45 days, uh, they're going
to announce it, you know, there was some type of breach or come be a little more forthright.
Well, what's going on?
Why everybody I know is getting their Xbox hacked that hasn't changed their password
recently.
So I don't know.
I mean, would you really like go to a court and actually start a lawsuit against them,
uh, or, well, I mean, I think if you're going to start a lawsuit against Microsoft, just
do it on your own.
I mean, I understand class action lawsuits are just so you, I think it's, it's a lot
of the class action lawsuits are started by these lawyers that just want to make some
money and you know, they just send out a blanket, noticed everybody and they're like, Hey, money's
coming your way.
And you're like, whoa, I don't have to do shit, you know, and I get free money.
I mean, I think that's what happened with like grand theft.
I don't even know if I ever got a check for grand theft auto.
I don't really care cause I still had grand theft auto and um, I wasn't gonna, you know,
San Andreas, the first issue with the hot coffee stuff in there, it's a cartridge as
I am now.
Um, I mean, I don't know, it's just kinda, it's kind of stupid.
It's like, yeah, I can get mad about it and stuff, but if, if it really was so bad to
where like I wanted to file a lawsuit, I would think that I would just do it on my own.
I mean, and just go through the whole arbitration thing.
And I kind of feel like a company, you know, should not be able to take that right away
from you.
If you really feel like you've been wronged, you should have the right to take them to
a legal court.
Like, isn't that granted in the constitution?
If you have a excuse or if you have a settlement that's more than $20 in value, you have a
right to a trial by jury or something like that.
I think that they're actually, um, they're going to be doing some sort of, I want to
say there has been some court cases or whatever, or places in the United States have found
that those arbitration things can't be upheld in court or something.
It's kind of like on both sides.
I think there's been some cases that have gone in the favor of the whole, um, arbitration
clauses and some against it and it's just which one has precedence or not.
All right.
Anyhow, um, I do want to point out, this is important.
You can't opt out of this by the way, if you want to keep using Xbox live, you cannot opt
out of this.
There was some rumor going around at first that it kind of had the postcard thing going
on, but actually what's going on is that you can reject future changes to the arbitration
agreement, but you cannot decline this one.
So if you don't like it, you got to stop using Xbox live and I got to get this out here.
This is the one other big thing I do not like about this is that because I can't opt out
to these changes or what have you, that's kind of shady to me because of the fact that
my Xbox live is already paid for in advance.
So they're making changes to the agreement midway through is kind of, it's just, it's
just shady.
I mean, am I ever going to Sue Microsoft?
Probably not.
You know, it would be nice to know that if I had a reason, I'm sure that they've got
it in the small text or whatever before when you're paying for your, your life that we
can change this at any time, you know, and without notice and blah, blah, blah.
You know, they have their lawyers covering their asses for this shit.
Some, some States are taking action against these things too.
So you know, maybe a matter of time before these types of agreements are illegal anyway.
But I mean, look at it this way.
I mean, honestly, I mean, look at, are any of you really gonna just like go after Microsoft
and actually file a lawsuit?
I think not made for the most case if, if it really, if they do something to you that
really pisses you off, here's how you take care of it later on.
You don't buy their next console.
You just say whatever, if you smear them on the Internet like everyone else does or yes,
mirror them on the Internet.
Well, I'm just like, seriously, if it's, if it's so bad that you actually have to go and
file a lawsuit against, you know, whatever company maybe Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo, whoever.
If it's, they're pissing you off that much that you just like, I gotta go file a lawsuit
against them, then just don't buy their product.
That's true.
Kick them where it counts in the wallet.
I mean, cause a lot of people may go that route if there's something like, you know,
if it comes out 45 days later, they're like, oh, you had to sign this arbitration clause
and there's been this massive leak that you've been, you know, covering up.
Trust me, they'll get it in the end.
You know, someone will investigate and say, hey, what the fuck?
You know, why are you having these people sign this?
Oh, because you knew that you were going to get sued.
So I mean, I mean just like, you know, people were worried about buying the 360 back when
the whole red rain, you know, was going around.
By the way, I was at a target the X, you get the other day with a new Xbox, one of the
newer ones, red ring to e 68, not written, not red dot, excuse me, the red dot of death
with an e 68 error.
Hilarious.
Problem's still not gone.
Just saying.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow.
So, um, there you have it.
Take it or leave it.
Get off Xbox live, I guess if you don't like it at this point, but I don't know at the
end of the day, if I get pissed off enough, that agreement ain't going to stop me.
And I don't think it can.
I think that's only about class.
That's a class action waiver.
If me as an individual wants to sue Microsoft, I believe I can still do that.
I don't think anybody can take that right away, but they're just going to make it very
fucking difficult to do that.
Of course.
They just keep up in the end.
You know, it's, it's just a, another case of the big guys, big companies trying to,
you know, corporations or people.
Anyway, all right, let's move on.
Well, um, Epic, we know Epic, don't we?
Well, um, they've announced a game for the Vita, the PS Vita, sorry.
Um, and it is a zombie game called Fortnite, F O R T N I T E. And, um, there wasn't actually
any gameplay shown in the trailer, but it said that it should all the characters picking
up trash and scrap metal and bringing it back and then the zombies show up.
So basically from what I understand is that it's preparing for a zombie assault and then
the zombies come and you survive the assault.
That would be awesome if it was like junkyard wars meets a zombie apocalypse.
Well there's not too much else about it, like, other than, and I'm sorry, I didn't mean Vita,
I just saw Vita add my bad, but it doesn't say exactly, you know, when or what or that
it's going to be out, but, um, there should be more information soon.
I don't know why, I'm sorry that I said it was on the Vita.
More info in a Fortnite.
Um, so there was another teaser trailer, in fact it was one that we were kind of, BioWare
was doing a new game and everyone was like, oh, it looks like, you know, it's going to
be a new Command & Conquer game because of all these, you know, website trademarks being
registered and stuff like that, and yes, it ended up being a new Command & Conquer game.
Bye BioWare, can Command & Conquer Generals 2, I almost forgot that there was a Command
& Conquer Generals game, but it's set to come out 2013 on PC exclusively.
It's going to be using the Frostbite 2.0 engine, which you may remember from Battlefield 3,
which looked pretty awesome, so, um, very cool to check it out.
I did not play the first Generals game, but I know it was a little bit different than
the regular Command & Conquer game because I believe it was one where you're actually,
um, if I remember correctly, you're actually playing as one of the troops kind of on the
ground and you can still kind of, uh, control different things as well, but it's not just
like an RTS game, like before, if I remember correctly.
I could be wrong though.
There might have been another Command & Conquer game that was also along the lines of that.
It's very interesting to me that they are going PC only with this, especially with,
you know, some developers saying we'll never make PC games again.
I think it's just mainly because Command & Conquer is not very popular on consoles actually.
It's just really more of a PC game.
It's just, it hasn't done well when they've brought the last few to consoles.
Makes sense.
So, unfortunately.
It's like Civilization, maybe, that it doesn't, well, I was going to say it doesn't translate
well to consoles, but I actually think that Civilization Revolution game was pretty good
for a console game, but it was a scaled-back experience, so it wasn't the same Civilization
you really get on PC.
It would be a good game, I think, if, I mean, RTS-wise, it would be a good game for like
the Wii U.
I mean, I think RTS games translate well for the Wii U with a, you know, a touch screen
and you can move stuff around that way.
That'd be kind of cool, because it'd be like playing, uh, what was it, uh, there was a
Tom Clancy's, um, the Tom Clancy game, not End of War, but it was, uh, Rooz, where they
had that actually playable on Microsoft Surface systems, and you could, you know, mess around
with that.
It'd be kind of similar to playing it on, like, a Surface or something, but you'd be
playing it with the tablet, if you will.
So I could see RTS is coming over there, but, yeah, it's just going to be right now PC only,
and, you know, if it does well on PC, they may decide to try it again on consoles, but
as of right now, it's just PC.
And 2013 is when you can expect that.
As a Command & Conquer fan, are you, uh, going to pick this up?
No, I haven't played Command & Conquer, it's the first Red Alert game.
I mean, that's how long ago it's been.
That is a long time ago.
So.
Alright.
Well, um, going to one more game that was announced at the, um, you know, little thingy
they did last night was, uh, a game called The Last of Us, uh, which is by Naughty Dog.
Those are the folks behind Uncharted and, like, Crash Bandicoot way back in the day.
Um, so this is a game that's coming out, I believe they said it's exclusive for the PlayStation
3, and, uh, in the trailer, it even said that the trailer was, like, a live feed from a
PlayStation 3, so I guess that's kind of neat.
Um, and it's, I don't know what, like, kind of game they're going for, if it was, like,
survivable horror or action, I think it's kind of supposed to be, like, a hybrid of
the two.
But for me, the trailer, and I'm going to play a little bit of the trailer here so at
least you get some of the audio, the trailer to me looked a little bit, like, kind of like
a mixture between, what's that Will Smith movie where he's alone in the world after
the outbreak?
I am Legend.
Thank you.
It looks like I am Legend mixed with, like, a father-daughter bonding thing going on here.
Oh, daddy, you killed him just fine.
Well, she kills one here later on in the trailer, so.
There's kind of one coming up here.
I'm proud of you, babies.
And she looks like the girl from Juno, which is a little weird to me, so, like, is it just
me?
But you know the premise of this, right?
It's that, um, bacteria, that fungus or whatever that they have, like, in, I think it's in
the rainforest or whatever, that takes over actual, like, insects or whatever and infects
their brain and then they eventually, um, I think die, it, like, controls their body
almost.
Wasn't that the plot to I am Legend?
No, I am Legend was vampires.
Or was that 28 Days Later?
28 Days Later was zombies.
Okay.
I'm sorry, it was a disease, but it, you know, it's zombies.
Okay, okay, so it's 28 Days Later mixed with I am Legend mixed with, mixed with Juno.
I guess really the best I can tell you.
I guess, oh, the graphics look good.
If that really is real-time rendering or whatever, then it looks really good.
Now, just because it's coming from a PlayStation 3 system, I kind of go, well, it could be
just a Blu-ray movie.
But if that is, like, really in real-time being developed by the engine, that's, I gotta
say, a good-looking game.
Uncharted 3 is a pretty sexy-looking game, so I could believe that that's real-time.
Okay, point taken.
So, and this is, by the way, just referencing Bobby's show earlier this evening.
This is why he calls the game The Last of Us, because OFIS is all one word looking there.
No, it's not.
Yeah, I, yes, I can see that the kerning between the F and the U, speaking of F-U, speaking
of F-U.
You know what, but you did use, you did use the right term.
I can, once in a while, Dark Soccer, this might shock you, once in a while, I have a
smart moment.
You know what I would have done, though?
What?
I would have moved the Us, actually, I would have kerned it a little bit differently so
that the space with the T and the S would have been exactly the same, and that would
have looked really hot.
Hey, guess what?
Hire me, people!
I'm a good designer, really.
Hey, guess what?
What?
No one kerr.
All right.
You know what, you know what I would have done differently?
I would have called it The Happening 2, because that's really kind of what it is.
It's plants taking over people.
Plants versus zombies!
Actually, you know what, The Happening, The Happening, if it was the fungus or whatever
that makes people kill themselves, much like, you know, that fungus that kills ants or whatever,
if it was like that instead of like, oh, it's leaf pollen that makes people murder things,
that would have been a little bit more realistic.
Wait, I just said more realistic?
I'm sorry.
It's a nice Shyamalan movie, it's not realistic at all.
SSJ100Matt in our chatroom at chat.orangelandraday.com says, every game could be better with Tim
Curry in it.
I don't know where that comes from, but yes, that would be absolutely true.
In fact, if Pennywise the Clown was in this game, it would be the scariest video game
of all time, quite possibly.
You know what?
Didn't we do a list list on this, and it was determined that Pennywise the Clown was like
the number one character we want to see in a game?
I didn't know LR Historian stat.
Didn't we determine-
That would guarantee I wouldn't play it, you know.
As much as I love Tim Curry, clowns freak me the fuck out.
That just means he's a good actor.
I mean, think about it.
No, no, no, no, no.
Some of the scariest characters-
Tim Curry, I'm fine with.
Some of the scariest characters from your childhood were Tim Curry.
Think about it.
Pennywise the Clown, Darkness from Legend, Dr. Frank-N-Furter, Rooster from Annie.
I mean, he's a great villain.
Tim Curry does need to be in St. Croix.
But he was also in the Littlest Witch movie, and I'm sorry, not even Tim Curry could save
that movie.
It was bad.
I vote, since you know Saints Row, the character can be anyway.
I vote that he should be the head of the gang in the Saints Row movie.
What, Tim Curry?
Tim Curry.
Absolutely.
That would be awesome.
That's right.
It would be so random.
As part of the marketing pun, they should never show who the leader of the gang is in
any of the trailers.
Just leave it up to the movie, and people find out it's Tim Curry.
You know what?
It's like the snazziest suit and everything, except they finally show his feet and its
nine-inch heels.
All right.
Look.
Moving on.
We got another story.
I do want to tease this, though, because we're getting towards the end of part eight, and
this is important.
If you have Mario Kart 7, get your 3DS out.
Go to twitter.com slash O-L-R, or maybe somebody in chat will yell it out again.
Add us to your community list, because we're going to try.
I don't know how this is going to work, because I haven't played games online, but we're going
to try during the break.
I'm going to try and do a community race with you guys during tonight's break.
So get out your 3DS, get on Mario Kart 7, and add the oil army community so you're ready
to go in about 20 minutes when we get there.
All right.
So meantime, Dark Soccer's got some more news for us.
Right, Dark Soccer?
Yes.
About the Doctor.
There's a Doctor Who game coming out.
BBC let out a leak of the Doctor Who game for PS3, Vita, and PC.
I'm totally going to play the hell out of this.
It's called Doctor Who, the Eternity Clock.
And you can basically play as the Doctor and River Song, and they go through the universe
in different time periods, and hopefully there are some Cybermen and Daleks in it, because
it's not a Doctor Who thing without Cybermen and Daleks eventually showing up in some form
or another.
Actually, I bet it's going to have the silence in it, even though the silence did get totally...
Oh!
Spoilers, spoilers, spoilers.
But it's being built by Supermassive Games.
They're the ones who did Sackboy's Prehistoric Moves for LittleBigPlanet 2.
And if there's a PC version, I really hope they do it for Steam.
Wouldn't that be awesome if they had a LittleBigPlanet 2 download content pack that was the Doctor?
That would be awesome.
But then he'd just walk around Sonic screwdriver-ing everything and doing his timey-wimey stuff.
I want a TARDIS.
I have a TARDIS.
Nice.
I totally want this game.
You know, one of our listeners in the UK sent me a Doctor Who game a while back.
Yeah, I remember that.
And it wasn't very good, from what I remember.
It was Top Trumps or whatever the card game is.
It was pretty fun.
It actually was really fun.
I had no idea how to play when I first played it.
It was so foreign.
It was so, so un-American.
No, I'm kidding.
It was actually pretty fun, but it had Martha in it, so I had to gag a little bit.
Alright, we're going to travel around the world and check out release dates.
Although we're getting to that time of year where if it was going to come out, it's out.
But there's some coal at the bottom of the stocking if you dig enough, right, Loki?
Yeah, let me see if I can do this all in one breath, because it's very, very small.
Alright, here we go.
US States, here we go.
Alright, we have Outdoor Unleashed Alaska and Africa on the 3DS, Dr. Lork and the Forgotten
Knights on the 3DS, and I Heart Geeks on the Nintendo DS.
Well this is a big week for DS people.
That was it.
What's I Heart Geeks?
I Heart Geeks is something that's from, remember Mark Echo and the crappy Getting Up game?
Well Mark Echo is now providing some stuff for this I Heart Geeks.
It's like, I think, The Incredible Machine or something.
That was an epic game on the end.
Yeah, yeah, it was an epic game.
They kind of beat it into the ground.
It's just not quite as cool anymore.
I like the box art.
It's cute.
I don't even think they even have a trailer for it, but yeah, it's got some artwork by
Mark Echo and that's about it.
Alright, well let's go over to Japan and check out some release dates in Japan.
I gotta say it's-
Oh, and I'm sorry, the Oregon Trail 3DS, because I got delayed a week.
Ha, you screwed up.
That wasn't one breath.
Alright.
Well I said it last week, so that's alright.
I gotta say, for those of you that like to import your games, especially, we'll get to
PlayStation 3 in a minute here, because PS3 is a region free and all, it's a much more
exciting week, if you can understand Japanese, because I'll tell you what.
On the Xbox, we'll start with 360.
On the Xbox 360 this week in Japan, Final Fantasy XIII-2, I think there's a few people
excited about that.
That comes out on the 15th of December.
Also this week in Japan, BlazBlue Continuum Shift Extend comes out this week in Japan,
and Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2012, if you're into those fitness games.
Final Fantasy XIII-2 here in the States will be coming out on the 31st of January, and-
Not a bad delay, all things considered.
And BlazBlue Continuum Shift Extend would be on the 22nd, I believe, of February.
Now PlayStation 3 in Japan has some of the similar stuff.
They also have Final Fantasy XIII-2, but they're also getting a whole darn console in the Final
Fantasy XIII-2 style, which is weird to me, because they did one for Final Fantasy XIII,
and I would think any Final Fantasy person probably already bought it back then, but
maybe I don't know.
I guess this one's a slim, so maybe, I don't know, you need a twin-Z for your other PlayStation
3?
I don't know.
But there's that this week to look forward to.
There's also a couple other games, BlazBlue on the 17th as well, but there's a couple
other games as well coming out specifically on the PlayStation 3.
One of them is called Rayofu no Melt comes out this week, and that's an adventure game
that stars anime chicks, so there you go.
And then also Umeneko no Naku Koro ni San Shinzutsu Tu Gensou no Yasuyoku comes out
this week, which is, I'm reading the description here.
Take another step closer to the truth.
The game Battler plays with Beatrice is coming to an end in Shinzutsu Tu Gensou no Yasukyo.
I'm trying to think if this is something that exists here.
Oh, it's another racing game, another sim.
That may very well be, oh what the hell, they just announced a sequel to it too, it was
a PlayStation 3 only game.
There's chocolate cake involved, I can see from one of the screenshots here.
Chocolate cake.
This game actually has cake, unlike Portal.
Well it's described as having vivid character illustrations and atmospheric music, soundtrack
with 80 pieces of music in the game.
So there you go.
That is coming out on the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan.
So a more exciting week over Japan.
I thought it was the game with the Soul Breed system, I can't remember what the hell it
was called though.
I had just set up the item too this week, but yet that really stuck in my mind.
Can I get this out though?
Do you know what else makes this week exciting in Japan, way more exciting than here?
The PlayStation Vita is unleashed on December 17th.
So before we have our next show, the Vita will be out somewhere in the world.
And of course, lots and lots and lots of launch games.
I don't really have time to read through them all, but the Vita and all its games are out
this week.
It's called The Augurist War, but I don't know if that was a record of The Augurist
War 2, which is technically the third game, because the second game was a prequel.
Alright, I'll tell you some of the games that are jumping out at me on the Vita.
BlazBlue has a Vita port as well, which would explain why the release of the console ones
has staggered a little bit.
Katamari Damacy has a Vita game coming out.
That I would recommend at launch because it's cheaper and it also has new levels and apparently
it's pre-fun play.
Michael Jackson, the experience.
Not getting that over here at launch.
Ridge Racer.
Don't buy that.
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
That's supposed to be pretty good.
And Uncharted Golden Abyss.
That's obviously really good.
So Vita's got a really strong launch in Japan, so it'll be interesting to see how...
Even stronger over here too.
Also a Squeenix game called Lord of Apocalypse.
But that's like...
That's supposed to be awesome looking.
That's like half the games coming out, so it's gonna be interesting to see how the launch
compares to the 3DS launch when 3DS didn't have a whole lot going for it, but it's a
lot stronger now.
The PSP is not forgotten.
Just for Dark Sakura, they are releasing on the PSP.
It's actually the Dark Sakura edition.
No, I'm just kidding.
But it is Hatsune Miku Project Diva 2nd, low price edition.
Yay!
Budget bin edition.
Woohoo!
Yay!
Trying to look at the Nintendo systems real quick, seeing what the 3DS is countering with
this week against the Vita.
Puyo Puyo Anniversary Pins Collection.
And Inazuma Eleven Go, dark version and shine version.
Both are out this week.
From level 5.
So that's a sports game.
Puyo Puyo.
Alright, that's it for Japanese releases.
So a very busy week in Japan.
Not so busy in the UK.
On the 12th we have Gears of War 3 Ram Shadow.
On the 13th is Flat Out 3 Chaos and Destruction for PC.
And also on the PC on the 15th of December is X3 Albion Prelude.
That's about it.
I can't tell you what's coming out the week after that though.
The Old Republic.
Alright, we're going to get into some more news here in just a minute.
We're actually, just for the podcast folks, we lost our live feed.
Winamp crashed.
That happens a lot lately around here.
I can't figure out what's going on.
If it's not Comcast, it's Winamp.
I think they're in Kahoots.
If you needed to upgrade a copy of Winamp.
They're in Kahoots!
Perhaps.
I love that word Kahoots.
Are they making new versions of Winamp?
I think they do still make versions of Winamp.
But anyway, we should be reconnected.
So apologies to the live listeners and hopefully we didn't lose you guys during the week.
I don't know how long we were down.
I was so into reading those Japanese releases that Winamp could have been down for 5 minutes
for all I know.
So I apologize.
I was really looking at it with such intensity on his face that I thought he was going to
pop a vein.
Seriously?
Alright, wow.
I think it was down for some time.
Sorry guys.
Rob Vail.
Fired.
No, you're not fired.
Or you're rehired.
I could fire you once and then rehire you.
Alright.
Let's move on with some more gaming news now that we have our live listeners back.
Sorry, you just missed the release dates.
Sorry.
Yeah, there's like not much coming out.
No, there's a shit ton in Japan.
U.S. and U.S., U.K., not so much.
Japan has the Vita release and a bunch of other stuff to go with it.
People in Japan, send Jamie a Vita so she can review it and talk about you.
I thought about buying a Vita from Japan and I thought it was $600 and I'm like, fuck that.
No way.
Sorry.
Alright, a couple more news stories for you guys and then the Classic Game of the Week
and of course our Mario competition soon.
So Capcom is actually bringing over some Japanese indie games to PC for North America and Europe.
And they're going to be doing some cool stuff.
This is with a partnership deal with New Media, NYU, not new.
And I guess they're going to be doing some neat, like a lot of, they call them retro
chic arcade shooters.
For example, they've got, looks like Satsa, Satsa, I can't even pronounce this, Sat-tazu-ts,
yes.
That's going to be coming out, that's available I guess as well on December 20th via Steam
direct to drive Gamers Gate and other major digital distribution services for $6.
And then coming early 2012, Cherry Tree High Comedy Club, Ether Vapor remaster, Fighting
Fairy, Exceed 2nd, Vampire Rex, and Exceed 3rd, Jade Penetrate Black Package.
I'd play Fighting Fairy.
And I'm going to take a wild guess and say those probably the last two there are shmup
games because that kind of sounds very, you're a shmup, shmuppy.
And yes, I would be accurate on that.
Probably very complicated titles and Cherry Tree High Comedy Club, if that's a shmup I'm
going to laugh.
Nope, of course not.
But that would be a funny name for a shmup.
Fighting Fairy is the best name ever.
It makes me want to kill Navi.
Hey, listen, Squish.
Yeah, Fighting Fairy is a fighting game, so they look pretty cool.
So I'm definitely looking forward to seeing some of that stuff localized.
I mean, it's nice to see that they're bringing that over, even though they don't want to
do a Mega Man game, but whatever.
All right, moving on to just one more story here and then we're going to get to the classic
game of the week.
But first I want to talk about dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria, OMG, a Microsoft
app on an iOS device that makes it look like a Windows Phone, sort of.
What?
Here's the deal.
My Xbox Live is a new app that is on the iOS App Store and it's a way for you to integrate
with the new Xbox, you know, um, and this is nice because there were some like fan created
apps or whatever, or unofficial apps that were decent.
But now we have something kind of official and you can get on this app and you can see
what friends are online, what they're playing, compare achievements, all that stuff.
And what I think is kind of neat, you can send messages.
You can actually send messages through the app to people on their Xbox.
Can you play with your avatar?
So like if Loki isn't listening, I think you can actually customize your avatar.
You can, you can.
So like if Loki isn't listening to you because he's too busy throwing carrots in Skyrim,
you can actually pop it up on his screen through your iOS phone.
Stop throwing carrots, dammit!
Stop the carrots and pick up the phone and call me or something, you know, something
like that.
So that's pretty cool.
And you can also delete friends from your phone.
Woohoo!
Yay!
All these people I don't know.
The app is free.
So there you go.
I should go download it now.
And the app is also available on Windows Phones.
Of course, of course.
But it was just kind of funny that it made its way to the iOS app as well.
And I believe the Windows Phone app will do slightly more.
I think you can actually look through the catalogs of movies and apps and all that.
You can queue up movies and control your Xbox using that.
Right, which you can't do on iOS because if you sell things to the iOS store then Apple
gets a cut and Microsoft's not having any of that.
So you can only do that on the Windows Phone.
Well no, I wouldn't see that they wouldn't be able to do that.
It's just they probably, it's a little harder to, well actually I don't understand why it
wouldn't be harder for them to do that.
Because you can do that with like Comcast and stuff.
I know I could, before when I was paying for like a DVR box and stuff like that, you could
control the DVR using the iOS app.
Now as Bobby Blackwolf says in our chatroom at chat.orangelandrager.com, Blackwolf says
it's sluggish even on an iPad 2.
Makes me sad.
No voice messages.
That's true.
You can't do voice messages.
I do realize though, like I just realized this recently, but the Kinect wires your whole
damn room as a microphone.
Like I can't find the charger for my little wireless headset.
I had it for my Xbox so I have like no headset right now because the cat ate Alan's.
So all we have is the Kinect and like when I'm playing apples to apples I can just talk
to people.
You can't find the charger?
My normal voice, yeah.
I can probably find it.
I think I have a spare headset too.
Woohoo!
That'd be awesome if you have it.
It's a crappy headset.
I don't like those wireless ones.
The cats apparently live on a diet of headphone wires and treats.
Don't they?
They do it when we go to Disneyland and don't take them.
That's how they act out.
My cat likes to eat our artificial tree.
She's just gnawing on it with the cords and stuff.
It reminds me of like Christmas vacation with the cat chewing on the cords and plugging
in.
Hey, the Christmas tree's off.
I don't think they chewed on anything when I cats sat last time.
Well that's because you were coming over and giving them pettings.
Yeah.
And they were like, person, meow, meow, meow.
Now they're being butt heads to me again.
All right, let's get to the classic game of the week.
Every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, we like to take a stroll down memory lane.
Dark Soccer will dive into the vault headfirst and find a classic game that she says, hey,
listen up you kids with your Skyrim and your I can't believe it's not Microsoft on an Apple
phone stuffs.
You need to go back to simpler times.
We didn't have no cell phone to manage friends lists.
We didn't have friends lists.
Yeah, we just had friends.
Back in the days of the Genesis.
Yeah, we didn't play online.
We just had people at our house and they ate all our pizza.
So Dark Soccer, if the kids today want to know what life was like back then, she's going
to hand pick one game that she thinks she kids should play.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week this week?
The classic game of the week is Magic Knight Ray Earth for the Say Saturn.
Yay.
Now, am I playing the intro here or just the...
Okay, play, okay.
This is what I have to do first.
Okay.
The game came out in Japan.
It was based off of, it was based off the anime and they had to redo the intro.
So I want people to hear the difference between the two versions.
Okay.
So play the English one first.
Okay.
Here is the English intro to Magic Knight Ray Earth.
A bold, daring dream built of hope, found my chance into the deep end.
Okay.
That's enough.
Play the Japanese one now.
My music's going to make me poop.
All right, here's the Japanese one.
Come on.
Here you go.
Isn't that better?
Not really.
She sounds more like a cat in that one.
Well, okay.
But anyway, they had an even worse version and people complained so much.
What, the German one?
No.
Just play music from the game.
All right, fine.
Here is music from Magic Knight Ray Earth.
Well, anyway, there was a big anime series called Magic Knight Ray Earth, which was really
awesome.
The game was one of the pet projects of working designs and it was the last Saturn game that
was released in the United States.
It actually did not get localized for Europe.
So this was a really, really big deal when it came out.
Especially since working designs put so much effort into everything.
But at any rate, you know, as far as an RPG goes, it was actually a very fun little RPG.
You have different puzzles and you had, you sort of played as a tag team of your three
main characters.
You had Hikaru, Umi, and Fu.
And basically they just, you know, they got kidnapped into Sephiroth to save the world
as the Magic Knights and yeah.
If you haven't seen the anime, then I'm not going to bother explaining it to you because
it's based off the anime, of course.
So you upgrade through story progression.
However you do get HP and MP, you know, your hit points and magic points are increased
by finding items.
But most of the character progress is done through story progression.
It had really decent voice acting, I thought.
It was all people from Redding, by the way.
Did you know that?
Because working designs is based off of Redding.
Really?
Yep.
There ain't shit in Redding.
You know what else?
What?
Our Twilight Zone Pinball was owned by the head of working designs.
Oh, awesome.
We got it from him, that's why we have one of the Goemon dolls from the game that never
came out.
Anyway, back to this.
Yes.
They have different weapons, usually the Magic Knights does.
Hikaru has fire magic and she has a sword.
Umi uses a fencing foil and her powers are all water and ice.
I mean, her name is Umi, which means sea.
And Hu is a bow and arrow and wind and healing power.
So pretty cool.
Fu actually, I think, is probably one of the most useful, you know, because once she gets
her upgrade, she has this lock-on arrow thing, so that's pretty cool.
So anyway, with the game that came out, working designs put a lot of effort into it, as they
do with most everything they put out, because they've done a lot of treasure games, they've
done a lot of Sega CD RPGs that we never thought that we would get.
So when they did this, they actually, for the whole opening sequence, they did, for
anyone who's seen the anime, the logo was formed out of these gems.
And so they had a new logo made in English that came the same way, except Media Blasters
had the rights to rare at the time they designed their own logo, and so they had to use that
one.
The other problem, too, is that most of the source code for the Japanese version was lost
due to a hard drive crash.
They had to rebuild the game.
Wow.
Yeah.
So the code that they were missing had to be completely rebuilt, like I just said.
They did three different versions of the opening song.
They were not allowed to use the original for the English release, so they had one with
like completely different lyrics, they had the one that's in the game, and then there
was an instrumental, but the CD that came out with everything had all the different
versions on it.
There was one that was just really hideous, by the way.
So yeah.
There weren't other Rayearth games for the record.
There was a Game Boy one that was Rayearth II, The Missing Colors, Mahokishi Rayearth
II, The Missing Colors is what it was, the Super Famicom, and two for the Game Gear.
And the second one was called Making of Magic Knight, but the only one that came out in
the US was the Saturn game.
And there, I have to say, because I've seen, well, I've played through some of the Japanese
one, and I've played, of course, the entirety of the US one, and there was a big improvement
made, and I'll tell you what it was.
In the Japanese one, every time you walked up to a play, and it does this in the US one,
you've got dialogue, they make a comment on everything, except in the Japanese one, they
said their comment too.
It was like, wait to load, wait to load, wait to load.
They really fixed some of the loading time issues.
And on top of that, the packaging was amazing, and each of the discs, well, I would say that
they had three different variations of the discs, one with Hikaru, one with Fu on it,
and I think I have the mean one, I think my friend has the Hikaru one, Hikari, sorry.
But anyway, it was really good, I mean, there were a lot of people who just thought it was
kind of dull, you know, because it was a three year old game when it came out over here.
But I think that if you're into a classic and fun RPG, this one's definitely one to
check out, if you can find it.
That's the other thing, it was the last Saturn game released in the US, it might be hard
to find.
Slightly.
Slightly.
Alright.
It wasn't bad.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
It wasn't bad.
Magic Knight Ray Earth for the Saturn.
I did not know that they were all based in Redding.
You know what else is in Redding?
Trees.
And lots of them.
Alright, we are gonna take a quick break here, and it's gonna go down in Mario Kart right
now.
Get your DS's open, connect to the OL Army room, hopefully you've already added it there,
and we're gonna get it started.
We're gonna start it live here in just a minute, but I'm gonna break for the podcastees, put
in a quick little break, and we'll come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere though guys, we've got plenty more coming up in part B tonight, we've got
The Last Story is coming to Europe, and we're gonna talk more about that and what it could
possibly mean for America, and of course, a long time coming mailbag, and plenty more
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with the second half of our 438th episode for this December the 11th of 2011.
Alright, I know you're all dying to know how the Mario Kart matched with the whopping four
people that joined in time went.
Okay, so first race, I got last place, and I wasn't about ready to commit seppuku live
on air because of it, but it happens, I just wasn't getting, and Loki's like, why aren't
you drifting?
I'm like, I'm trying, shut up.
I redeemed myself a little bit in the second race, I was first place for most of the race,
for most of the race, but then I did a stupid thing, and I tried to take the detour over
to the big ramp, but you really, we were in the Kalamari, or was it Kalamari, Kala something
desert level with the train, it's from the Nintendo 64 one, and I tried to take the shortcut,
but the shortcut only works if you have a mushroom, and Black Wolf pulled ahead of me
by mere inches and won the whole thing.
Curse you Black Wolf!
Curse you!
So, but I got second place at least, although somebody, I think it was Zethur, somebody
damn near took over right there at the end, but I was able to just inch out a second place,
so that's much better than the last place I did the first time, so.
Alright, so there you have it, there's your Mario Kart wrap up, we'll try that again next
week.
Loki's gonna bring his 3DS next week, right Loki?
And then hopefully some of you guys can chat some more, you'll be able to purchase one
next week.
I had to get the game.
I don't think you can do online play with download.
Probably not with download, no.
But that's alright, I'll play it.
You'll have the game by next week.
I've been planning on picking it up, but I was gonna do it this week and I just didn't
get around to it.
So, there you go.
So I was like third place overall, with the fourth place and second place.
So I wasn't last, I think Tiger Claw was last, sorry buddy.
Might have been Zethur, I don't know, I wasn't really paying attention.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on.
We're gonna get back into the show here, we got plenty more news to talk about, and of
course we have your calls, your emails, lots of emails tonight, and plenty more to come.
So let's get back into some news.
Loki.
Alright, well let's talk a little bit about Grand Theft Auto, because we haven't done
enough of that since I stopped playing.
Grand Theft Auto 3, coming out on mobile devices next week for $5.
And of course that will be out on iOS and also Android marketplaces, and is supported
by most of the recent devices, including the Apple iPad 1 and 2, iPhone 4 and 4S, and the
fourth generation iPod Touch, which thankfully I have.
And also Android phones, the HTC ReSound LG Optimus 2X, Motorola Atrix 4G, Motorola Droid
X2, Motorola Photon 4G, Samsung Galaxy R, and T-Mobile G2X, and of course some of the
more recent tablets.
And it looks fun, hopefully the controls work out pretty well, and definitely worth picking
up if you've, you know, I don't know if it supports any Bluetooth controllers, that'd
be pretty awesome.
But I'm kinda curious to see how the game looks.
But $5, so that'll be out on the 15th.
And there's a neat rumor going around for the circle pad that's coming out for the 3DS.
Apparently it's gonna run on a AAA battery for 480 hours.
That's some interesting...
Yeah, that's a long time, and shit, you know what, Nintendo, you need to learn something
about battery life, because man, those Wii remotes eat batteries like nothing.
And this thing, I mean, I guess it just has like an IR relay in it, so maybe it just doesn't
take that much.
But beneath that's true, even half that would be pretty good, so.
Nice to know at least I want to replace batteries like crazy, because I'm not buying it.
And finally, Grasshopper and Digital Reality, they have a game coming out called Symora,
or Cine Mora, I'm not sure how they're pronouncing it.
And it's now gonna be an Xbox Live Arcade exclusive.
It was supposed to be kind of a horizontal shmup game that was with 3D graphics and stuff,
and kind of a little bit different than Grasshopper, I mean, it's not strange, like, you know,
a lot of the stuff that they normally put out.
So that's kind of cool that it's gonna be coming out exclusively, though, on Xbox Live
Arcade, and not sure now if this is gonna be a timed exclusive, or if it's gonna be,
you know, exclusive permanently, but it's still neat, it looks like a pretty awesome
looking game, especially if you're a shmup fan.
And then of course, they also have another exclusive game coming out on Xbox Live Arcade
called Diabolical Pitch, which is really weird, I don't know if you remember seeing it, it's
like a zombie survivor horror game, kind of thinking House of the Dead with baseball,
where you're throwing baseballs at zombies, and hitting stuff, and I mean, okay, that's
kind of more of the Grasshopper stuff, where it's just really weird, but uh, that'd be
pretty cool.
They need to adapt Battlefield Baseball, because that was a fucking awesome movie.
All right, oops, I'm not ready for that story yet, be quiet, all right, moving on with some
more news, some rapid fire news, well I guess I'll start with that, since the music popped
up in the background here, what you're hearing there, that's the music, I think this is music
from the port, it's a Commodore 64 port of the game Cannibal, which to me looks a lot
like Bit.Trip Racer, or the, what is it, Magic Unicorn game, Comedy Central, that's
on the iPhone.
Yeah, this was kind of the first of that series, I think.
Yeah, but the music kicks ass, listen to this.
I mean, that kicks a lot of ass, now I don't think that's actually the Commodore 64 rendering
that, I think that's an MP3, but that's, that's, I mean, the type of stuff that 64 would make,
and that's a pretty badass sounding song, but yeah, somebody has actually ported the
game to the Commodore 64, that is awesome.
So you can Google that to find it, because the link's a little bit complicated, but it's
C64ANABALT, and you can, it's being distributed pretty much as freeware, so you can play it
in an emulator or what have you.
Or just look at the YouTube, it's YouTube user HeavyStylus, and you can just hear that
sweet music that's playing there in the background.
All right, some other news for you guys, somebody dared to sue Beyonce last year, remember this?
A $100 million lawsuit against Beyonce, there was supposed to be a music game that was gonna
be created all around her, but I guess for whatever reason she stopped it, and 70 people
lost their jobs over the whole thing, well, you know, think about it, they have that Black
Eyed Peas game, there's an ABBA dance game, I mean, it's not, there's Michael Jackson,
so it's not unheard of that Beyonce might have her own dance game, but it was stopped,
and they're now suing Beyonce for $100 million, and I think a lot of people went, hahaha,
that'll be a laugh.
Well, guess what, the lawsuit was around, allowed to move forward, it was not thrown
out of court, so, interesting to see what happens with this as it moves further.
Sounds like it might have been a breach of contract kind of thing, huh?
This whole thing started a year ago, just to give you an idea how slow the project's
moving, so, anyhow.
One other thing that'll be of note to our longtime music game fan folks that, you know,
have listened to the show for a long time, there is a new cell phone, smartphone version
of Dance Dance Revolution that's going to come out here next year.
It doesn't have a name yet, but they're saying it's gonna be DDR, and it's supposed to have
an emphasis on social gaming, which is ironic, because this whole show started because Dark
Soccer Loki and I all met playing DDR, it was a very social thing when it was in arcades.
I don't know how you're gonna play DDR on your phone, I think it'll be more like a response
to Tap Tap Revenge, which is clearly inspired by this title, if you know what I'm saying.
Inspired by, with quotes.
Anyhow, yeah, they're saying it's gonna be more of a social game, and it's in Konami's
social thing such as Dragon Collection, Sengoku Collection, Professional Baseball, Dream 9,
and they're saying it does very well on social networking sites, so we'll see how it does
over here.
So that'll be coming out next year.
Dark Sakura!
Well, we have some Tekken Tag Tournament 2 stuff.
The field tests are going on in the US for an arcade version.
So five different arcades across the US, that's Next Level Arcade in New York City, Round
One Entertainment in City of Industry, California, Super Arcade in Walnut, California, Thudworks
in Honolulu, and Arcade UFO in Austin, Texas.
Also, it's supposed to be coming to consoles, it says Holiday 2012.
There's a bunch of holidays.
So this is probably gonna be Arbor Day.
Also Mario Kart 7 sold 420,000 units its first week in Japan, and Iwata said that it did
even better across the world.
So that's pretty good, huh?
Very nice.
Good news for the 3DS.
Last bit, we have some good news for Rock Band fans.
Rush!
Yay!
It's the Rush Pack 01 that has Fly By Night, Caravan, and the Spirit of Radio, the live
version, and then individual songs, Rebel Love Song by Black Veil, Brides, and Warriors
Call by Volbeat.
And there is a pro bass and guitar expansion available for Fly By Night and the Spirit
of Radio.
I like Rush.
Rush is a good band.
You know, that was one of the songs that I was using to test out everything, was Tom
Sawyer.
Nice.
I was like, I can't sing that high.
It was pretty funny.
All right.
Well, we're gonna get back into some long gaming news here with Loki, but I wanted to
plug this first because I promised in chat earlier, Derek, one of the other hosts here
at All Games Radio does his own show, Dead Pixel Live, wanted me to plug this.
And I said, sure.
Because I said last time when we didn't participate, because none of us had the game, we would
try to do the next one.
And I think the prospects for us participating here look much better.
It is the big battle beat down.
It is a fighting game tournament that's gonna take place against a bunch of like radio shows.
I don't think it's just restricted to all games.
I think Derek's gonna try and get whoever he can to be a part of this, but certainly
we would like the OL army to be a presence.
If you want more information, more information is available at thebigbattle.net.
I haven't had enough time since I just kind of found out about this tonight.
I haven't had enough time to go through and look at all the specifics, but I can see that
there are several games that will be involved here.
Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition, Mortal Kombat as in the new one, Street Fighter III
3rd Strike Online, and Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, so a couple Street Fighters and a couple
Mortal Kombats.
I kind of like the way that was done.
You have like the new one and you have the classic one.
So whether you're a new gaming fan or a classic gaming fan, there's something for you here
where you can represent the OL army.
So that'll be fun.
I don't know what platform the games are on, or if they're gonna do it multi-platform style
somehow, or if it's like gotta all be on 360.
But we'll try to get Derek on in the coming weeks, and I think this is not starting until
next year.
So soon.
But check it out.
You can sign up in advance at TheBigBattle.net.
I'm gonna sign up and participate at least in probably the two Mortal Kombat games.
I think I could do Super Street Fighter IV.
Here's my problem though.
All of them I own on PlayStation 3.
Well, no, I have Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 on Xbox, so I might be able to do some of
these.
We'll see.
So we'll figure it out as time gets closer.
Derek might be in chat too to clarify some of this later.
But I wanted to give a plug for that, because I do want to participate.
So prepare to get your ass kicked, DarkSakura.
Alright.
What?
I'm gonna kick your ass.
No.
No, leave my ass alone.
Yes, I am.
Alright.
Let's get back into some other gaming news.
Lowkey.
It's been announced that the last story is coming to Europe.
Another one of the Project Rainfall games ported over to English for European players.
It's coming out February 24th, and of course no announcement about a North American release,
but hey, at least you get another game, Europeans.
Another Mistwalker game.
And that's fantastic.
Apparently it's pretty good.
That means there will be an English translation ready for America to pirate.
Very soon.
Which is what I plan to do if they don't announce this anytime soon for the US.
If they're willing to put the US version out within three months or so of the US release.
I'll wait.
I don't understand why they can't announce that.
I mean, they could say, hey, they're doing the English translation already, once again,
it requires either no translation or maybe one person working on it for maybe a week
at the most to translate English to US English or American English.
And honestly, it's fine to replace, I mean, it's so stupid that you know what a jumper
is.
Do I know what a jumper is?
Do you know what a lift is?
Yes, I know.
Do you know what a lorry is?
A lorry?
A lorry.
A lorry?
I don't care.
It's a truck.
I thought it was a Hue lorry.
Well, how many lorries are in the last story, which is a story that took place a long time
ago, even though it's the last one.
I don't know.
Hey, they can have the last story if we can have the final fantasy.
Seriously, how many final fantasies have we had a bajillion?
This is the final fantasy we're up to as of right now.
We're up to 13.
Two of them put out.
Oh no, wait, we have 14.
We have 13 to zero and we have 10 too.
And we have mystic quest and crap.
We have a lot of spinoffs.
It's just what you counted.
Mystic quest.
You played it.
Actually, I ain't even going to lie.
I loved mystic quest, but a majority of that was the music was really good for not having
been done by Nobuyomatsu.
The music in mystic quest is great.
But yeah, like, you know, I'm not going to beg and plead for the last story.
And if honestly, if it's on something that they just decide, Hey, we're just going to
put this out, you know, I got, I'm hoping that there's an announcement within like a
week or two because it's ridiculous otherwise, I mean, all you're going to do, I mean, unless
are they just going to wait and see how, no, they can't wait and see how the sales are
of, you know, Xenoblade Chronicles or whatever it is because it's not coming out until April.
So, you know, I don't know.
I mean, yeah, it may come out over here, but once again, I'm not, I'm not going to rush
out and go get this because I don't know, like it's so easy to import via piracy.
I mean, so yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm going to just be straight up real.
This is my real answer.
Again it goes that whole kicking them in their wallet thing.
Like the ultimatum, if you want to call it is if you don't release it here, I will find
a way to obtain the Europe one, whether it be legal or more nefarious means in three
months, you get three months to localize it, then I'm done and pirating it if I have to.
That's honestly how I feel about it.
Like if you don't want my money, then fine, I won't give it to you.
But I'm sick of this whole, like what they're doing with Xenoblade is just, I mean, I still
don't know what to do about that whole thing.
Like I really want to buy it and support it because it's a great game, but I'm really
irritated.
And I think ultimately the end of the day I'll buy it while I'm irritated at two things.
One, I'm irritated that it's this whole exclusive thing with the evil G, which I hate.
However, I do understand you can order it from Nintendo.com.
So if, if it's Nintendo shipping it to me and not evil, it's still stupid.
Why is it exclusive to a retail?
I mean, I understand that they may have ponied up money to help import it over fine, whatever
that, that's fine.
That should have been an issue in the first place.
Yeah, actually you're right.
It shouldn't have been an issue.
They, uh, a company shouldn't have had to say, hey Nintendo, we're going to pay you
money to localize it over here.
You don't have to fucking localize it.
You have to bring it over here and you know, you, you send a copy of the ESRB so you can
get rated, which is just standard.
And you just put it out over here cause you're publishing, it's first party publishing.
Case in point, and I don't think anybody can talk me out of this one.
Dark soccer is on the orange launch tumblr right now, orange launch radio.tumblr.com
looking at a game called magical jewel pet or something like that.
If this can be, if somebody is paying for this to come out on the DS, then somebody
can pay for Xenoblade and you can't convince me that Xenoblade, there's something to it
that makes it a bigger, more expensive to do because it's already been translated.
I don't understand.
Like there's so much shovelware that comes out on these systems.
There's no room for Xenoblade in this.
I don't understand what the, if you've got it translated in English, I mean, I understand
if it's a Japanese game that they're just not going to translate into English.
Okay.
Yes.
There's an issue there that, you know, bringing it over here may be unrealistic, but if they're
already translating it to English and releasing it in a different part of the world, I don't
understand.
There's no work you need to do.
It's done.
It's English already.
You don't need to translate anything you can't, I mean, last time I checked when you put translate
English to English and like Google translate, it comes out the same.
So I don't, I don't understand what they would need to do.
Can I ask this too?
What's just, what's wrong with a region free system?
Like for real, like what, why can't our system just be region free?
Like has Sony PlayStation three been hurting because it's region for three free.
Are we having like rampant issues, like just tons and tons of people getting all their
games from Japan because of, of the region free thing?
No, I think the big fucking, I would think if anything, it helps them out.
The only time that they may have issues where they're maybe losing out a little bit and
not everyone's going to go import stuff because, uh, you know, it's expensive to import some.
You're paying almost twice the amount of money that you had paid to buy it locally.
Um, and just for, you know, gain, but a lot of times people are buying like stuff that's
not going to come out over here or, you know, RPGs that they want a special edition of or
something like that.
It's not coming out in the United States or North America or whatever.
Um, and I mean there's some European games that get released over there first, you know,
like there's maybe some IOS games or a little Square Enix games that are going to be released
over there.
You know, I'm fine with Europe getting the game a little early.
I mean shit, they, they get screwed with stuff for us all the time and for them this is a
great thing.
So I get it, but it's just kind of one of those whole things where it's like, you know,
at some point they have to realize, thanks to the internet, we live in a global world.
I mean, so far all the Sony systems from like the PSP, the PS3, and now the Vita is supposed
to be region free.
I mean, DS was region free and then they decided, eh, let's poo poo on that.
And now, you know, the 3DS, I'm just waiting for them to come out with something to, you
know, like a card reader for the 3DS.
I'm sure there's one out there already, I haven't looked, but, um, cause I mean, that's
the only way you're going to get stuff.
And then you get homebrew and stuff and people modding games, which is kind of cool.
And I can go have, you know, a good and bad thing.
And then the Xbox 360, believe it or not, is actually region free for a lot of games.
You just have to do your research to find out which ones, but there's some games that
you can play.
Like, uh, there was the Conan game that came out a few years ago.
That actually came out in Europe a lot earlier than it came out over here.
Not necessarily a game that you would want to get early, but, I mean, if you wanted to
play like a God of War knockoff game, and it was pretty fun, um, earlier than you would
get it here in the States, you could, if you wanted to pay the money to have it imported.
I mean, I don't know, I've done that before with, uh, some of the other Final Fantasy
games, but not necessarily on PS3.
Alright, I feel like it's just another week and it's the same old rant.
When will Nintendo learn?
I don't know.
Because it seems like Nintendo's also the biggest offender when it comes to Europe getting
things late too.
Yeah, and here's my problem though with this.
I don't want to buy this game because, one, it's, I understand if I buy the game that's
supporting the fact that niche games like this do have a place in the United States,
but at the same time it also supports the fact that I'm okay with them making us beg
for this game and then having to jump through all these hoops to get the game over here.
So it's kind of like a double edged sword there.
I don't know if I should do that or not, and honestly my choice is I don't play my Wii
very much so I'm just not going to buy the game.
And I have a feeling though a lot of these other publishers are kind of doing this, Capcom,
and they're just making people jump through hoops to get a fucking game out of here.
For a franchise, not necessarily a franchise right here, but I mean this is a game that's
going to do well with the RPG crowd.
I mean you can't expect this to be, Final Fantasy, I mean hell, a Final Fantasy game
or something like that is not going to appeal to everyone, fuck, Skyrim is not going to
appeal to everybody.
I mean, mom and, your people that are playing Wii Sports and stuff like that don't give
a fuck about Skyrim.
They're just like, they would blow their mind, they're just like, I don't know what to do
with this.
Too many buttons.
Exactly.
It's like my wife trying to play it.
I can't look, I can't adjust the camera and move the character at the same time.
So I mean it just blew their mind.
So you can't look at it doing as well as like a, you know, a Mario game.
I mean it's just not going to appeal to everybody.
But you have to look at the RPG crowd.
It's got to do better than like Princess Jewel Pet or whatever, you know?
Yeah, I know, it will do better than that.
And there's a lot of like Wii games I think that sell based on like box art.
It's like people are like, oh that's a game my son would like or my grandson would like
and I'm going to buy it.
And I, yeah, there's a lot of crap out there.
Alright.
Let's move on.
We've got to move on with more stories or we're going to be here all night.
So I want to talk about a story about the PlayStation Vita.
It's not about region free and all that stuff.
Is the Vita region free?
I can't remember.
It's not.
It's supposed to be.
It's supposed to be.
They're saying that it is but I don't think anyone's really gotten one.
We'll find out soon.
Obviously there's, it's only out in one region and no one's really confirmed either way.
I think it is.
Alright, we'll find out soon.
Well some of the rabble that was going on this week, thanks to a NeoGaf post, because
NeoGaf has huge forums and a lot of people post there so sometimes there's some interesting
leaks and things that come out there.
And apparently one of the posters was at a PlayStation Vita event in Japan this week and
apparently the information said that only one user account can be used on the system.
So if you tend to share your gaming systems, like say Alan and I do, or Jamie and Dan share
all their gaming systems, I'm sure, or Loki and Nellie share their gaming systems.
We do.
Well, what system did you try to teach Nellie?
Was it Nellie's copy of Skyrim you tried to teach her?
No, I don't share portable systems.
Oh, see, well, Alan uses Netflix on the 3DS all the time.
Like he uses Netflix more than I do because he really gets a lot of use out of the 3DS
thing.
But then he'll also play my copy of Mario Kart on my save file, which is okay, it's
fine.
He's unlocking some stuff.
Like it works great for a game like Super Mario 3D Land where you have three save files.
I'm number one.
He's number two.
And if I ever let a friend come over and play the game, they can have save file number three.
It works out great.
Oh, that's right.
He told me to write over save file one.
Shut up.
It's true.
But anyway, my point is that some people do, especially couples and stuff will tend to
share these systems a lot.
So when they heard that only one user per system, it was a little bit of an alarm.
However, there was a follow up article that came out very quickly afterwards.
And that is the official line from Sony America quote, your PlayStation network ID is bonded
to your memory card and your memory card is bonded to your Vita.
So in other words, you can have multiple PlayStation network accounts, each tied to a memory card.
But if you try to move the account from one card to another, it's going to get more interesting.
And we just had the story last week about all those memory cards now freaking expensive.
They are.
Yeah.
So it's yeah.
Like good news and bad news.
Good news.
Yes.
You can't have more than one account.
Bad news.
You're gonna have to buy more memory cards to do it.
And then you can't just move them from one Vita to another.
It sounds like.
Yeah.
I mean, honestly, I don't like the fact that they're tied to your to your Vita.
I don't see how that's necessary because what's the point in having a memory card then?
I mean, I guess someone was saying, well, I can't take my memory card from, you know,
one Vita and play it on my friend's Vita.
But it's like, why would you do that?
Just take your Vita with you.
But I don't know if it's really a problem that a lot of people have.
It sucks that they're doing this, tying it to the system and stuff because and it's just
bad for Sony because this is a problem that will be solved by hacking, unfortunately.
And only creating these problems creates people that want to find the solution for it.
And the solution is not good for Sony, unfortunately.
Allen's in chat right now, and his feathers are a little ruffled at what I said about
Mario Kart.
He says, Salacious Pops in chat saying, well, I always win and unlock shit.
So, you know.
Maybe he's better than better than you at drifting.
Yeah, perhaps, perhaps.
Shut up.
I almost considered asking you if I could play your second match.
Oh, I wouldn't let you.
I could.
Oh, man.
We got to maybe next week, if you don't have your own copy by then I'll let you race during
the midpoint break.
All right.
Anyway.
Also, I want to point out what the Rob D is saying in our chat room and chat that orange
on Twitter.com.
Yeah.
Japan has a totally separate set of standards when it comes to this sort of thing.
They don't care whether lots of people buy their stuff.
They care about making money.
They will not price niche media and aim for the most sales.
They will price niche media for the passionate people and gouge them.
I mean.
Okay.
Listen.
Ironic.
This is coming right after the Xenoblade last story stuff about gouging niche people.
Listen.
I understand that, you know, the memory cards.
Okay.
The memory cards are what they are.
You're either going to just buy one and just get over the fact that they're fucking expensive
and just buy one because guess what?
The PSP Memory Stick Pro Duos were fucking expensive when they came out and that shit
came down in price once, you know, other peripherals and stuff were using them.
Yes.
It's a proprietary card.
Just get over it.
Buy your fucking four gig card or whatever the hell.
Trust me.
You're not going to need more than four gigs for the system unless you're downloading a
ton of games online, in which case you can, you know, think about maybe getting a bigger
one later on.
But, I mean, for me, if I was going to get a Vita, whatever, I'm going to be the only
one using the thing.
So, it's not a big deal for me and yeah, it sucks for people that want to share.
It's not the end of the world, in my opinion, is that, you know, as far as, you know, let's
say at Alan and I's house where we're both, you know, big gamers and nerds and stuff,
I can kind of say, obviously, I'm getting a Vita.
I mean, no question because I have to have all the nerd stuff and, you know, it's going
to be, I think, a good system, got a lot of good games coming on it.
As far as the save file goes, I at least like the fact that, you know, we could get Alan
a cheap little memory card for his saves and then he can have his own PlayStation Network
ID.
Or, at the end of the day, if it's really just save files, I mean, if a game will still
give you three save slots or something on one memory card, then, you know, or a lot
of Sony games kind of let you save an unlimited number of files.
Like I have like seven saves on White Knight Chronicles 2 just because it just keeps adding
to the list.
Skyrim, I think I have six or seven saves too.
These are all on PS3.
So, he can just have his own saves and I don't think he's going to really care about trophies
on his own account.
Maybe he will.
Well, here's what I'm worried about and here's why I think the reason why they're doing this.
It's like on the PlayStation 3, if you download, say download content or whatever, everybody
I think on the console can use that.
Oh, no.
I know where you're going with this.
And so, now, they're going to get you, oh, hey, you like that download content.
Well, fuck you.
You're going to have to buy it for yourself instead of sharing it.
That is kind of shitty actually.
So, that's kind of what they're doing I think with this.
But like once again, you know, listen, it is what it is.
You either either just get over yourself.
You either support it or you don't.
Yeah, you either get over yourself and buy the system or not.
I mean, is that really going to hold you back that you got to buy an expensive memory card?
I don't have to like it and I can complain on the internet.
I mean, just deal with it and that's it.
I mean, it sucks and I'm sure there will be a third party work around.
But, I mean, unless you really want to wait for that, and you know what, hey, there's
nothing wrong with waiting.
Yeah, everybody's going to be buying, well, not everybody, but a lot of people are going
to be buying it at launch.
But guess what?
You know, prices come down, there's bundles that come out later on, you get a bunch of
free shit.
So, just wait if you're unsure about it.
Wait until the following holiday season and stuff and you might score it even cheaper
than it is now.
We're going to get to the mailbag in just a minute here, but I want to read one more
comment from chat from our good pal Bobby Blackwolf.
He's trolling.
Listen to this.
Bobby Blackwolf says in chat, you mean I could have beaten both Sky and Loki at Mario Kart?
I think he's throwing down the gauntlet there a little bit.
Could have if you were good enough to beat me.
It's on.
It's already been brought in.
I like this.
I think we need to do more of this where we play games either right before, well, I don't
want to say before because we don't want to step on Bobby's toes, maybe right after OLR
during the midpoint break.
I like the idea that people can kind of play games or even during the show.
Shit, I don't care if you're playing Mario Kart right now and like listening to OLR.
We'll have to play after his show because we don't want him crying during his show.
Uh oh, uh oh, alright.
Moving on, on that note, let's get to the mailbag.
Thousands and thousands of emails received.
You have to remember, this is the first mailbag since all the website outage stuff.
So our emails have been piling up.
So unfortunately Dark Sakura can only pick a few.
Dark Sakura has sifted through the mailbox like it was kitty litter, has sifted through
the mailbox and pulled out a few nuggets for you.
You know what?
There's this one Caturday picture that I kept seeing on the web of a cat standing up looking
super surprised, saying, someone keeps coming in and stealing my poop!
And you just made me think of that.
So let's see who's poop we've stolen.
The first one, hi OLR, it's me again, your friendly, catastrophic Moggy.
I know it's been a while since I last emailed.
After listening to your last show and Rob Stark contrasting with Skyrim and Final Fantasy
13, the two show clearly the difference between western and Japanese RPGs.
Western RPGs mainly focus on character creation.
You're lucky if you get to even pick a name in a JRPG.
And world exploration.
While JRPGs focus on story and character drama leading to a much more linear affair.
Also Rob, have you played either of the first two Elder School games?
They're both now available as freeware.
If you think Skyrim is big, you should check out Daggerfall, which boasts a game world
twice the size of Great Britain that would take over two full weeks to cross in real
time.
Yeah, but it's all just an algorithm generated thing.
Of course it is all randomly generated, so it's quite, all quite samey.
Before I go, I just wanted to pass on some preview footage of a game to you because I
know how much you love the series.
I bet it will be 20% cooler than any other game.
Hear you later, Moggy.
And it is Silent Ponyville, the game.
Nice.
Oh, can you send me the link for that?
I want to, I want to, just copy paste and chat so we can, I want to see this Silent
Ponyville.
Silent Hill.
Hold on.
But with my little pony or something.
Um, and just real quick on the whole, uh, um, earlier Elder Scrolls games.
I haven't really played them a lot in depth, but I'm kind of familiar with them.
And I especially know the older like PC RPGs, how they used to be like they'd be vast, but
the dungeons weren't quite as visual as they are now.
Like people like Skyrim because not only is it big, but it looks real.
Like the, the graphics are getting so good.
All right.
Um, I'm going to fast forward here a little bit.
Silent Ponyville.
It's exactly what it is.
It's a silent Hill meets my little pony.
Is there a pyramid head in this?
It comes out and chops her head off.
This is like some of these art project that they spent a lot of time making.
Not sure how to feel about this.
Next email.
Hi, OLR.
Doesn't seem to be anything going on there.
Brave about ready player one.
I was all ears being myself, rather old gamer started with the C64.
So I bought myself a copy and I've just started, but it really is a page turner.
If you have the chance, do get the author on your show.
I'm certain that that will result in a very interesting podcast.
Best regards from the UK, Mark.
Uh, so we'll try.
I forgot to look into that, but we will.
Our listeners can read.
Yes, of course they can read.
How dare you insult the listeners from the UK.
So I'm assuming you can read.
Therefore he's more well educated, more, more, more better, more smarter, more smarter, more
better, gooder reader.
Um, okay.
Hey guys, this is blade three, AKA Sam one.
Well, what are you blade three or Sam one?
Oh no, Sam.
He's not using any punctuation.
So whatever.
I just wanted to say to Loki that Laszlo on integrity 2.0 radio and GTA four sounds exactly
like Rob.
It almost makes me think they modeled Laszlo after Rob.
Either way, I thought you would get a kick out of that.
Keep up the good work.
The show is fantastic.
I've been listening since I five thanks to you guys.
By the way, I know my grammar and stuff sucks, but I'm emailing from a paper 2000 so cut
some slack.
Oh, exclamation point.
Seriously, that's the only, okay, I'm going to reread this email the way it's written.
All right.
Hey guys, this is blade three AKA Sam one.
I just wanted to say that Loki Laszlo on integrity 2.0 radio and GTA four sounds exactly like
Rob.
It almost makes me think they modeled Laszlo after Rob.
Either way, I thought you would get a kick out of that.
Keep up the good work.
This show is fantastic.
I've been listening since I five thanks guys.
By the way, I know my grammar and stuff sucks, but I'm emailing from a paper 2000 so cut
some slack.
Go.
So cut some slack.
Oh yeah.
Why aren't you cutting some slack?
Oh, all right.
I don't know what the fuck's like.
Oh, I have heard the, um, Laszlo comparison before.
Actually.
You're not the first to mention it.
Funny enough.
I haven't played enough grand theft auto where I know that.
I know it's like the one game series I don't play enough of.
So um, I'll just have to take your word for it.
I would love to loan my voice to a game sometime though.
Maybe when they do legend of the magical pony too.
All right.
Yeah.
I want to be in a game.
Rob.
I'm going to do voice acting.
I think it would be fun.
I think that we would be awesome voice actors.
I think so too.
So um, we should do, we should get a video game script and reenact it live on OLR.
We could do that.
You know, if we wanted to get someone with the fun voice just on the show randomly, we
should get agro on here.
We should get, do dramatic reading of eight bit video games, strip scripts, but we should
get agro on here sometime to do his announcer voice.
Oh God.
Oh God.
That guy from wow.
Oh God.
So cool.
Why?
Hello.
Hi everyone.
I just finished listening to November's internet outrage ridden podcast and it's one time I'm
glad I don't listen live.
Oh yeah.
Well I'm not going to read it.
No, sorry.
Anyhow, being an avid Android gamer, I wanted to chime in with my suggestions for your Twitter
topic poster all reviewed in 140 characters or less ish so dark soccer can read them without
having kittens because that just makes sure me feel inadequate.
Well, that's okay.
Cause sure.
Me can't have kittens anyway.
She's too old.
Her uterus fell out.
No, that got yanked out when she was a kitten.
Okay.
Angry.
She's looking now.
She heard her name.
She heard her name.
She's like, you talk about my uterus.
She's like, girl, I haven't had a uterus since.
What's uterus talking about Willis?
How many times can we say uterus in one radio show?
Angry birds.
If I had my eggs, I'd go after them too, so have a fling and smash those pigs asphalt
five 3d racing with accelerator support for older models in a GT clone hub.
You have a study rests asphalt HD graphics update for higher end devices and tablets.
Now with more cars, new tracks, repetitive stress, wrist injuries, battle heart, addicting
dragon attack action with challenging battles in a variety of party and equipment options.
Not much of a story though.
You getting her on the radio?
I'm trying to get sure me to review the games.
You hear me?
Hey baby.
All right.
No.
Okay.
Yes.
That's how I talk to my cat.
Um, bonsai blast.
Japanese Zen flavor Zuma clone with high replayability value for those five minute potty breaks for
peace and calm are oh so important.
Dr. Stanley's house one and two point and click mystery game.
You misspelled mystery by the way.
With a twist ending ported from a flash game.
Duck hunter.
Think SNES classic minus the dog with really funny foul play.
Ah, I see your pun.
Haha.
Fruit Ninja blah.
Yeah.
Care for fruit salad and have a minute to lose.
Flick at your screen and get as many fruits before the time runs out.
You'll have a blast.
You're still trying to make my cat talk.
I'm rubbing her belly.
She likes it.
Hexa dictus hexagonal match three puzzle game.
No, really.
That's about it.
Kid mode.
Great for parents with kids two through 10 with edutainment options galore activity reporting
family muffin night.
What the crap game is that?
Pumpkins versus monsters.
It's a clone.
Um, you know what?
I'm not reading the rest of this.
Um, well hopefully at least one of them sparked your listeners or your interest.
Listen to you next week.
Dr Noir.
Well, I wanted to hear more about pumpkin whatevers, but our soccer was like, no smiley
pops.
PSS email is written at 5am while waiting for a delayed flight back to Mexico at a Colombian
airport with no coffee available.
I know ironic, right?
After four straight 15 hour workday.
So if I misspelled something, blame it on the exhaustion.
Okay, I forgive you this time and I'll, I might go post your list later.
I'll put it on the tumbler eventually.
Xbox has followed in the footsteps of PSN network.
That's redundant, isn't it?
PSN network.
That's like ATM card or pin number.
Are you thinking ATM machine?
Yeah.
ATM machine and pin number.
Yeah.
Um, I've linked an article though I actually didn't hear about it from them.
My husband is in law school and he actually reads the terms of service before he agrees.
Anyway, the overall impression he gave me was this is a crappy backhanded move, but
as far as crappy backhanded moves go, it's not so bad.
Essentially while they block you from class action, they agreed to pay all fees associated
with arbitration and formally agreed to pay a thousand dollars or what the arbitrator
decides is fair, whichever is greater.
It's still crappy though.
And that's from Holly D.
It's still crappy.
It's still crappy.
But I agree.
Less crappy.
Uh, this is from Robobobobobobobob.
I sent the following email to my state's consumer protection division of the attorney general's
office.
I'll let you know what they reply.
I did discover that my mandatory arbitration can be disputed if you feel treated unfairly.
Oddly enough, it would take something extraordinary for me to want to sue a game system manufacturer.
And it's from Robobobobob.
Like I just said.
And this is the email.
I give this guy massive props for actually doing something about it though.
Lately, video game console manufacturers are updating their EULAs for operating their game
systems with mandatory arbitration clauses.
Are there sources of information on what clauses are allowed in EULAs and what clauses are
invalidated by Maryland law?
As for my own opinion, it doesn't seem wrong, no, it seems wrong that an expensive electronics
device can be rendered useless if you don't agree completely with the EULA.
Thanks for any response, Robobobobobobob.
That's not how he signed it, but I'm still saying it.
I still want to see what reply.
Okay.
And, um, that's it.
All right.
I mean, that's not it.
Of course, for emails, we got a bajillion emails.
It's been building up for like a month.
Keep in mind.
But I ain't reading anymore.
But if you would like to be considered for next week, we read them all at least mailbag
at orange lounge radio.com.
And by the way, you have a better chance if your email is like concise, just so you know,
because the run on ones are a little harder to read.
So there's one more I want to read from Robobobobob.
All right.
It's older.
The Peeta Tanooki suit thing is still topical.
I'll show you my thesis on this.
I love how he writes, though.
Peeta is intentionally grabbing negative attention for donations.
It has nothing to do with what they are trying to protect.
How better to get attention by being negative publicity about a beloved icon?
Peeta's logic is this.
An imaginary character wears an imaginary suit with special powers.
This Tanooki suit resembles a Tanooki fur, which a Tanooki is a mythical creature burglarized
as a raccoon dog.
So the imaginary prospect of killing an animal is bad slash evil, so send money.
Peeta is pretty famous for flinging fake blood on real furs to demonstrate the cruelty of
the fur industry and equating fur with murder.
So their fake blood is that of a fake animal or worse, of a fake human.
By their own logic, they are advocating animal slash people slaughter.
I think Jamie said it best, which she said a few weeks ago, Peeta is crazy.
Of course, that's why people love picking on Mickey Mouse, too.
Okay, that's it.
All right.
We're back at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
This is the part of the show where we get a little bit angsty because it's our show
and sometimes we have angst and we have to get it all out in a segment called The FUs
of the Week.
A big FU goes to the increased militarization of national police forces and to there not
being enough change in the way people vote to where we still have assholes in office
and also to assholes running for office who like to wear the same jacket from Burbank
Mountain.
Uh, Logie.
Fucking in my radio in my car because apparently the track skip forward button is starting
to break and so sometimes it thinks, or actually most of the time now, it thinks I'm hitting
track backwards and then sometimes it thinks I'm also changing the mode of my, you know,
player to play the radio or something like that.
Or sometimes it will actually work and go forward.
So that fucking sucks because now it's making it very difficult to pick the song I want
to listen to.
Alright, my FU, uh, first one goes to Rick Perry because he's such an assbag and I have
a right to say that.
I believe that Rick Perry is an assbag.
And you know what?
I imagine when you said assbag, he was actually the bag that attaches to a colostomy.
That's pretty much what he is and just, just discussing and gross and insulting the way
he's pandering people.
It's just insulting.
So just, I don't know, barf barfy barfs.
Did you see the thing that Santorin said, Oh, that guy, he's even bigger of an idiot.
Oh my God.
So many.
And like, I'm really trying not to be like all one side or the other, but like, let me,
here's the nice thing I can say about the dog and pony show that's going on over there.
Some of them know when to keep their mouth shut and that's, that's a good compliment,
but some of them need to learn such humility.
It's just, so anyway, um, without getting too political, whoops.
But my other FU, I will say that's a little sillier is FU to, um, FU to the fact that
in looking for raid in world of Warcraft, um, that only one piece of gear has dropped
for me.
Can I add to that too FU to that pug last night.
You need, you need to do what I do and start writing down their names and servers and reading
it on the Horde house.
John wrote them all down.
Oh, did he?
Yeah.
We were going to email you.
Oh, you should.
You should do that.
They were all from the same server.
All right.
Dick faces.
So, all right.
Uh, there you go.
That's, that's it for the FUs of the week.
Just a few more news stories for you guys and then the Skype line at one eight seven
seven game O L R or a username on Skype, orange lounge radio at us on Skype.
If you haven't already, but we'll get to that in a minute.
First more stories.
Lucky.
Yes.
Uh, this is kind of neat on live is finally coming to the iOS platform as well as Android
and uh, it's really, you can actually use it to, um, play games on your tablet or phone
device.
Um, they also are going to be selling a wireless controller that comes with the free app download
as well for about, I want to say 50 bucks, uh, which also is the same price as the streaming
console if you really want to.
Um, and it is Bluetooth and allows you the, you know, basically use your tablet as you
know, a screen instead of having to use the on screen touch sensitive buttons and stuff
that they have, which they have that option if you don't want to do that.
Um, and apparently also some of the games that they're, they're actually converting
over to work with the touch controls on these tablets.
Like for example, LA noir was something that rockstar games is actually going back and
um, you know, fixing that up so that you can use, you know, touch controls with the game
as well.
Um, and I want to say there was a kingdoms, uh, was a kingdom of keffi limbs, uh, that
was also going to be getting the kind of the same treatment as well.
Um, it just looks kind of neat and I guess it works pretty well.
Um, I actually thought about downloading this to try it.
I don't know if I have to actually purchase the app to check it out, but obviously you
need an online subscription and stuff, but it'd be neat to check out.
Not necessarily.
I like, I would not want to play on my iPod though with the screen controls cause I can
imagine my, my hand would cover the whole damn thing.
Um, but it's still kind of neat that they could do this.
You know what would be really cool, I guess, I don't know if that, if it has the power
to do that, but, um, the Apple TV, you know, if you could do an app like that, but you
know, with the rumors around the corner that, you know, Apple is actually creating their
own TV set soon, this very well could be integrated into something like one way to get more Apple
TVs sold.
Like I'm talking about the actual set top boxes, just build it into an actual TV.
Yeah.
So, um, make them in cool colors and everybody will want one that it's an interesting prospect
that, you know, this is gonna, if it worked, I mean, it works pretty good.
Um, of course the only downside is obviously it's not going to work as good as your, you
know, streaming console because, you know, those are normally wired connections versus
this.
You probably want to be on wifi to be able to play the games, you know, full resolution
without any lag.
Um, although from what I was reading, like, you know, games are normally 60 frames per
second, it was 50 frames per second and you know, maybe the resolution's a little lower,
um, than it would normally be, but, um, overall, not too bad.
I actually saw some gameplay footage of someone playing, um, saints row the third on an iPod
or something like that.
Wow.
So that was kind of cool looking saints row third on the go as tempting.
But uh, um, yeah, I don't know, it's a really neat, neat idea.
So it'd be interesting to see, you know, what games are support right now.
They don't have all of the games obviously supporting this, but, um, they're launching
with about 18 games and, um, you know, I guess they launched originally with 21 games when
the streaming console came out and, um, you know, they're going to be adding more as they,
you know, convert some over and, um, get them to work a little bit better with the portable
systems.
All right.
Very interesting.
The way this technology is going, I think this could be a pretty huge in the future
because even if it's not on live itself, people are going to see what on live is doing and
think, Hmm, how can we do that for our gaming experience?
It's just a matter of time before developers just cut out on life completely.
I mean, especially on something like I asked why the only thing you need on life for is
their bandwidth and maybe I don't think the technology is particularly proprietary because
there are competitors.
Like there was that whole FIFA streaming to YouTube thing that was not, that was Genkai
or whatever.
So it's going to be interesting to see what happens.
Anyhow, uh, I want to move on to another story.
This had the game world talking this week.
This is huge news this week because a wired had a, uh, interview with Miyamoto and they
ran the headline is the headline quote Nintendo's Miyamoto stepping down, working on smaller
games and everybody took that and literally this around the rest of the internet and intent.
Uh, Miyamoto is quitting.
Nintendo Miyamoto is retiring because people read into that saying Miyamoto stepping down
and they kind of missed the hidden subtext and, and granted this headline is a little
bit sensationalistic, but that's the way headlines are kind of written to be, um, is that Miyamoto
stepping down from the Mario and Zelda games that he's been working on.
And and of course, Nintendo followed this up with an official quote where Nintendo is
basically like, no, no, no, Miyamoto is not retiring.
Uh, video game designer Shigeru Miyamoto's role in Nintendo is not changing.
He will continue to be a driving force in Nintendo's development efforts in discussing
his priorities at Nintendo in a media interview, Mr. Miyamoto explained how he is encouraging
the younger developers of the company to take more initiative and responsibility for developing
software.
And in fact, if you kind of go back to the original interview, here's what the wired
article says, quote, inside our office, I've been recently declaring I'm going to retire.
I'm going to retire.
I'm not saying that I'm going to retire from game development altogether.
What I mean by retiring is retiring from my current position.
What I really want to do is be in the forefront of game development once again, myself probably
working on a smaller project with even younger developers, or I might be interested in making
something that I can make myself by myself, something really small.
In other words, I'm not intending to start from things that require a five year development
time when all is said and done.
The internet was making this sound out to, uh, out to sound like bad news.
I think this is great news.
I think this is fantastic news.
I don't think Miyamoto should be taking all this time to work on Zelda and Mario games
when the, um, outlines are pretty much all laid out.
I mean, I think he should be there to give creative input and so forth, but, but that's
really it.
I mean, these, these things are in kind of capable hands now, you know, Miyamoto ain't
getting any younger.
He's been making games since the original NES, which just celebrated his 25th anniversary.
So I would like to see before he really does have to retire, I mean, all good things must
come to an end folks, someday Miyamoto is going to die.
So I hope it's not for a long time.
I'm not saying anything rude, you know, I'm just saying inevitably someday orange launch
radio will end.
It has to end at some point.
I'm not saying it's going to end next week and we're going to try to go as long as we
possibly can.
Someday grandma will grab Pogo to die.
But my point is, you know, maybe Miyamoto is like, do I really want to spend the rest
of my years in Nintendo working on another Zelda game?
You know, no, let's, let's, let's somebody else kind of do what they want with Zelda
and I want to try something new or I want to go back to the way we used to do it and
I'm going to try to do a game on myself because remember a lot of those Atari 2600 games back
in the day were programmed by like one guy.
So I would like, I think Miyamoto should spill out more of the contents of his brain for
us to consume.
You know what?
I'm stuck, but what if in that brain of his is the next Mario or the next Zelda?
I mean, aren't you all complaining at the same token?
I'm kind of sick of Nintendo putting out the same shit over and over again.
Then let Miyamoto develop something else.
This is fantastic news.
You get limited when you're stuck with the same thing over and over again.
It's the same reason why actors don't want to be typecast.
Don't you think?
Yes.
Same thing.
And of course now the chat room is running with this act deft.
Miyamoto will never die.
Don't say such cruel things, Rob.
Alpha-canonogram.
Miyamoto, die.
Kill the non-believer.
Well, I will say this.
I will say this.
This is a high compliment.
When the inevitable happens and Miyamoto passes away, think of it this way.
The work that he's created in some ways kind of defines this generation.
It defines a part of our culture.
And some of us could only be so lucky to have really made that kind of impact on the world.
I mean, Miyamoto made an impact on the world.
So in that sense, Miyamoto is immortal in that sense.
You want to take this to a weird deeper level.
In some ways, what we've done here at Orange Lounge Radio has had an impact and that makes
me feel really good about what we do every week.
Not nearly the impact.
I wouldn't say we've been a cultural revolution, but if you're tuning into this program and
spending your night with us, then we've had a little impact.
We've had a little impact.
So that's pretty cool.
Right Darsakra?
You haven't been listening to me at all, have you?
Yeah, no, I was, but I actually just had a Brush with Celebrity moment.
Oh?
One of my favorite people ever who's been on a reality show.
And I'm not a big reality show person, but I love MasterChef.
Ben Star, the guy who has fourth place on the season before last, just said that he
thought that my dish sounded delicious.
I asked him for advice when cooking a butternut squash.
Just because I was like, I'll ask a pro, why not?
And he seems to reply to people, but he gave me his method, but he gave it to me 20 hours
late.
So he's like, so what did you end up doing with it?
And I said, oh, I cooked it and it was still firm, so I saved it to microwave.
And I said, I mixed this, that, and the other, and he said, that sounds really yummy.
So I was like, I got a compliment.
It's always a little bit fun when a quote unquote celebrity, no matter if it's A-list
or F-list, kind of interacts with you on Twitter.
That's why Twitter is so popular.
Well, no, not on Twitter, on Facebook.
Well, still, same idea.
But he's actually one of the people that I learned the most from watching that show on
cooking dishes, because he's traveled and been to places.
Okay, let me put it this way.
When I followed George Takei on Twitter, he sent me a direct message.
You know, it's like, thanks for following me and all that stuff.
Like I know he didn't write it.
I know he's got people that, you know, probably do that stuff.
He's not sitting there at his computer all day.
He's got better things to do.
And probably a lot of that stuff he posts to Facebook too.
Like some of it might get his approval, but he probably has a whole team of people that
maintain his public image.
And I'll tell you this, they do a damn fucking good job.
George Takei's people team is probably some of the finest in the industry, if you think
about it.
I mean, like George Takei's stuff is all over Facebook.
His tweets get retweeted all the time.
He's like, he's even more legendary than Betty White in social media, dare I say it.
Which brings me back to the idea of, didn't we have a sitcom idea this week where it was
like George Takei and Julie Andrews raising you?
Yeah, no, I said, I said that I, that I wish that I, I love my family, but I wish that
I had been adopted by George Takei and Julie Andrews or, you know, if they were really
my parents and I would be half Japanese with an amazing singing voice, you know, and probably
raging lesbian.
All right, let's move on.
Just a few more news stories for you guys.
Dark Sakura.
Oh yeah.
I do have another story, don't I?
Yes, you do.
How about a little bit of technical comparison?
Batman, Arkham City, the PC versions and the console versions, they're actually saying
that they really, really wanted to bump it up and make it look really good.
They had it set to run for DirectX 11 so that it was as clean and perfect as it could even
though for the smoother gameplay, they said, keep it to nine as it would be comparable
with the consoles.
But they apparently just had it to look amazing for the PC players that had the best systems.
So I was looking at some of the comparisons on here.
And Arkham City's already a gorgeous game.
Good lord.
Yeah.
Well that, that at least makes the delay between versions a little more worth the wait if they've
managed to tweak it to look even better.
I mean, granted, you probably need the highest of high end systems to be able to really see,
but it's still pretty cool.
But see, they're showing it versus the PS3 and the PC, some of the difference in the
shading effect and the textures.
It actually, and I have to say, cause we have the PS3 one here, as clean as it was, I mean,
it's really hard to compare a console with a PC when the PCs are consistently upgradable.
You can get the best stuff for it, but as beautiful as the textures and the lighting
and everything in the PC one was, it actually really makes me appreciate the PS3 version
because it really is pretty close, even though, I mean, yeah, tech spec wise, the PC one will
blow it out of the water, but the PS3 version really keeps up.
It's a gorgeous game.
Absolutely gorgeous game.
Yours is best.
But there are also some other improvements too, just in the PC one, other than the higher
resolution textures, they actually, it's all the stuff that you see up close, like pores
and indentations under the skin.
You can see veins.
I mean, they really put a lot of effort into making it look realistic.
I want to go back to chat.
The chat room's a little bit delayed, but there was a great quote here from chat on
the Miyamoto thing.
I want to read this real quick here from Midori in our chat room at chat.orangesonshreddy.com.
I love your drinks.
He, meaning Miyamoto, will be immortal, but I understand that if I had the choice, I'd
want to be known for making the most favored characters over how many games I could develop
for a few loved characters.
That's a really good way to sum it up.
So I just wanted to throw that out there because that mirrors my thoughts very closely.
All right, just a couple of quick stories for you guys and then the Skype line is going
to open up.
So, Loki.
All right.
So this is neat, I guess.
They're going to be giving a little bit of bonuses for fans of Final Fantasy XIII-2 or
even the original Final Fantasy game.
If you play the original Final Fantasy XIII game and you have a game save, you're going
to be getting some special features, including special monster decorations and a higher success
rate at the games.
I guess they have a gambling area.
I wonder if it's anything like, what was that in Final Fantasy VII, like the golden something
or other.
I can't remember what it was called.
Time of lucky hit.
Also I guess they're saying that the game's going to be broken up in the episodes and
each episode will be about three hours long.
Also going to be adding an auto save system as well as the ability to save in different
places.
Plus there's going to be a new game plus mode that adds, I guess, unlockable items and also
new monster decorations as well.
And neat, I mean that extra stuff is good.
I know that they're going to be doing some DLC though for it and I think that's kind
of ridiculous as far as what they're adding with the DLC.
I think more monster decorations, but remember it's optional, you don't need to buy it.
Well that's good as long as it's extra frilly stuff and not necessary to the game's completion.
But the game's sounding better and better, I can't wait to play it.
I really need to actually finish the last chapter of Final Fantasy XIII.
I was digging through my bag the other day and I saw Final Fantasy XIII there, I'm like
oh yeah, I need to finish that.
By the way, chat room to the rescue on the gambling thing of Final Fantasy VII, Gold
Saucer.
Yeah, it is Gold Saucer.
Alright, and one more Final Fantasy related story for you guys this week and it has to
do with Final Fantasy XIV.
Guess what?
They are going to charge service fees for Final Fantasy XIV.
I'm not playing.
Final Fantasy XIV, here's the deal.
They will be implementing the fee change on January 6th.
This has been pushed back a little bit, it was supposed to start by now essentially.
So on January 6th they are going to start the new pricing structure.
So what will happen is that the subscription fees, this is weird, the basic service is
$6.99 for 30 days and then the real subscription fee when the new version starts will be $9.99
for 30 days.
That's kind of weird the way that's set up, but there you go.
And if you want extra characters, that's the other weird thing, it's $3 a character.
So it's definitely cheaper than $14.95 but still, I mean that monthly fee, it's going
to be very interesting to see the impact that has on the game.
I think it's going to kill it.
I think it has those diehard fans that still support it but now that they're going to ask
money out of pocket every month, that's going to be rough.
I know I won't pay for it.
I'll go back and check it out when version 2 launches or if there's some huge content
upgrade but yeah, I think Zethur summed it up in chat.
Well, there it goes Final Fantasy XIV.
Bye bye.
Nice knowing you.
Let's go to our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
I'm going to check the Twitter too to see if we have any tweets.
I forgot to ask for those earlier because I was so involved in the Mario Kart thing
earlier but I'll look for those if I can find them amongst the new Twitter because they've
changed the look of Twitter again.
Why?
Because they can.
Although I will say it's not terrible.
Alright, let's go to the Skype line.
Meanwhile while we wait for the Skype line, Loki, do we have last minute stories?
I'm sure there's got to be a few tonight because I think there were some big things I skipped
over, right?
Umm, maybe.
I didn't look them up so I'm trying to think here if there's anything really major that
I can think of off the top of my head.
Well, I have a couple tweets while you're looking alright.
Alright, sounds good.
Mishiro Chan, Mishiro Chan or Gamer Girl says, I just picked up the Oregon Trail game for
the Wii and it's pretty fun.
I'm working on doing a write up to post on site.
Awesome.
I would like to hear more about it.
I hope it's better than the Facebook one, that's for sure.
I think it looks, well, I think it looks very similar to the Facebook and the phone version
that they add out.
In fact, I would be surprised if it wasn't the exact same.
I hope it will not die of dysentery.
Umm, YYR tweets us saying, remember, boom!
And sends us a YouTube link.
Usually I don't play YouTube links on the show but I'm hoping that it's a link from
umm, uhh, Bungee Ferret Cat.
Oh no, this is from Magic Knight Ray Earth.
Cliff.
Amprecias.
Oh, I love these.
Mysterious Sepro lecture number three.
I've just mastered the skill known as the pulverizing bash.
Indeed.
By running to increase your speed, the power to throw yourselves increases as well.
You can destroy places with weak foundations or small cracks with incredible ease.
But, be sure to give yourself plenty of room to run so you can increase your speed.
That's right.
Make a good approach, start running and then boom!
That's all for today.
Yeah.
Let's go to the phones.
I love the voice acting in that game.
And then boom!
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Zether from the chat.
Hi.
Zether from the chat.
What's on your mind?
Oh, not much.
I enjoyed playing Mario Kart with you guys, it was pretty fun.
I know, Mario Kart's an awesome game.
Yeah.
Umm, well yesterday I recently beat umm, well yesterday I beat umm, Snatcher yesterday.
It was really fun.
Freakin' love Snatcher.
Gosh, that's old school.
Nice.
Yeah, it's, I, I didn't think I would be able to finish it, like to finish all of it, but
I finished like the second, by the time you finish the second act, the game pretty much
becomes like, pretty much just goes automatically for you, but there is this one final shooting
segment that's actually very difficult.
It was the umm, the super Insector things, and they start like swarming around the screen.
And then umm, I kept dying repeatedly at that part, and then umm, it came up to the, then
I didn't realize that there was a second part where you had to shoot Snatchers, and I died
during that, and it kicks you back to the first part again with the Insectors, so it's
a little annoying having to keep doing it over and over.
But I beat it, it was pretty good.
It's always a great sense of accomplishment when you finally beat a game.
It's one I haven't felt in a long time because I have such gamer ADD I never finish anything.
Yeah, I, I actually did finish umm, Saints Row the Third a couple, like a month ago I
think.
Now what'd you think of Saints Row the Third?
Cuz I just played it for the first time this week.
I think it was really good.
It was pretty over the top, insane, definitely, I, I preordered it on Steam, full price, and
I, I definitely got what I paid for.
It was really good.
Nice.
It's, I love, I love how over the top it is, what kind, did you make, did you try to make
a character who was kinda like you, or did you make a character who was over the top
too?
I actually downloaded a character from the umm, from like the online thing.
They had a guy who looked like Gabe Newell, so I used him for the whole game.
Nice.
And it was hilarious just seeing this guy running, who looks like Gabe Newell running
around like being all snarky and blowing stuff up.
It's like, oh, oh wow, Gabe Newell's blowing up a helicopter, now he's killing these furries
in this umm, game show.
That sounds like something Gabe Newell might actually do.
Yeah.
It was pretty good.
Awesome.
Well it sounds like I've barely scratched the surface of the game.
Furries on a game show?
I haven't come across this yet, so it sounds pretty awesome.
Yeah, it's the umm, it's one of the side missions you play in umm, Genki's little
ridiculous game show thing.
I keep doing the missions like one after another, should I just say screw it and kind of drive
around and look for stuff first?
No, because they're gonna take you through those, all the like uhh, diversions basically
by actually playing the missions because they kind of, it goes through the whole tutorial
mode a little long, but it's good because you've never played any of the games, so you
know, you don't know how to play insurance fraud or anything like that.
Right, right.
So umm, but they'll take you through like the Genki show and Tiger Escort and stuff
like that.
Oh yeah, that one's good.
I can only imagine.
The tank one is the best.
I think the tank one where you have to rack up the most umm, money and damage is the best
because you can literally just go through, just keep pressing forward, holding down both,
holding down both fire buttons for the minigun and the main cannon, you can pretty much just
keep racking up the points.
It's all about the fences.
No, my, my favorite thing so far has been the little computer that my chick picked up
and she can use it to just fire guided missiles at tanks on a whim.
Oh yeah, that's awesome, the umm, it's kind of like a umm, missile launch, yeah the missile
drop thing.
Yeah, it's like a little computer you use to launch missiles and I guess it's like a
regular weapon you can use to just launch guided missiles at your foes.
That's pretty impressive.
And I gotta say the environments, like I love the whole like downtown LA looking environment
is, it's very neon and I love purple so I'm glad it's the ganks color.
Just wait until you get to the Tron world, the Tron world is amazing.
I'm sure I'll have a huge boner over to the Tron world because I love Tron.
Yeah, it's pretty awesome, I was enjoying like every minute of it.
Awesome, awesome.
Alright well Zethyr, any other final thoughts to get out there before we let you go?
Not much, I finished Snatcher and I'm actually playing the MSX version like the, because
somebody translated it.
Old school Snatcher.
Yeah, even older than the Sega CD one so, and then I'm probably gonna go play Policenauts
which is the follow up of sorts and it got translated to you.
I have Policenauts on Playstation.
Check out the original Metal Gear.
Yeah, it's the one that got translated actually.
And the real Metal Gear 2 that's on MSX.
Well no, I mean I've got it in Japanese and it was a pain in the butt trying to play through
it in Japanese.
Oh yeah it is.
Yeah.
Lots of text.
Alright well Zethyr, enjoy your Kojima-thon, okay?
Alright.
Alright, later.
Later.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, AkumaJP in chat says, human rights for furries
too.
Well you know what, if I'm not mistaken, you could make your character a furry and you
could just revenge of the furries.
So if you want to blow everything up as a furry, you have every right to do so and you
could lead this notorious gang of criminals if you want that everybody stops and asks
for the autograph.
So like, I just remember in the very beginning of the game, some girl asked for some guy's
autograph and then I walked up and she didn't want my autograph so I shot her.
I was like, how rude, bang.
Game makes me sound like a terrible person but it's really fun.
That's because you are a terrible person, heart.
Hey!
I'll shoot you too.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Alright.
More last minute stories-ish things going on over there.
Yeah they announced that the VGAs that they're doing, Tony Hawk Pro Skater HD, it's gonna
blend I guess the first two Tony Hawk titles and be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade and
PlayStation Network next year.
Gosh, the recent Tony Hawk games haven't been selling.
How can we get the game to sell again?
I know, let's go back to when the games did sell.
You know what, that's not a bad idea and it looked pretty good based on the trailer.
I liked Pro Skater, I thought that was pretty awesome so I would look forward to playing
this actually.
Alright, let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku here.
Zaku, what's up?
Nothing much, just kicking back, making sure I stay calm and sane before tomorrow's work
week.
Well good luck.
But yeah, it's been a while since I called, so I got through actually.
It's been a little while.
What have you been playing?
What's new?
Let's see, Forza 4 having to tackle the wireless steering wheel that Microsoft released for
the 360.
But all in all it's been mostly that and just playing my PC, but nothing new on that end.
Do you use head tracking in Forza 4 at all?
Do you have Kinect?
I don't have a Kinect.
I don't have enough space in my room for a Kinect.
You could get one of those little Zoom things, but I kind of bought one and it kind of sucks
for me.
I didn't like it.
It's smaller than the dorm rooms I was in in college.
Well, you do live in New York City.
Yeah, but it's a house.
Anyways, I noticed yesterday, I know it's almost like gaming related, but one of the
best DDR freestylers in the country, you know, frequency, I know him in real life.
He had his little going away party yesterday and pretty much all the old school DDR players
came out.
Where's he going to?
Moving back to Long Island.
So yeah, that was pretty much me just getting drunk.
I think I should have gotten a DDR dollar bill into the mix, but I didn't even notify
him.
Oh.
How rude of us.
But anyways, shifting on real quick.
Video game awards were yesterday and I noticed that Battlefield 3 got shafted.
It came empty handed.
The way I see it is that the winners were pretty much like, I know they're picked by
the people, but boy do they have like, aside from Skyrim and Uncharted and Arkham actually
getting the words they deserve, they actually had the gall to put Modern Warfare 3, you
know, put them up on the pedestal for anything.
It's well, without getting into the whole Modern Warfare versus Battlefield thing, because
honestly I have no authority whatsoever to speak on that subject.
But just in general, it's a tough year for game awards and all that because there's so
much good shit this year.
It has really been a great year for games.
As it should be.
I mean, the systems have been out how long?
This is the years where they're really perfecting these systems.
I expect that next year should kick a lot of ass, too.
I mean, yeah, you're right.
Mass Effect 3 is like, what, a month away from now?
That's right.
Yeah, those games aren't afraid to release in January.
Yeah, of course.
They have very little competition for movies since that's a dumping ground for those films
anyways.
Yeah, it's a smart time to release a game.
I guess what I'm trying to say is that, yeah, this was a pretty good year for video gaming,
you know, in recent memory.
Oh yeah, pretty much so.
And hopefully next year, whatever they release, whatever they come out with, at that point
they're gonna start, you know, I'm more concerned about Nintendo.
Like they better start pulling rabbits out of their hat to replace their aging Wii.
Well, Wii U next year.
And now it's...
Yeah, if they can pull it off, if the rumors aren't true that their dev units are even,
are just like, not even up to par yet.
Well, keep in mind too, 3DS, thanks to the two strong releases, has gained a lot of steam,
which you know, I think we all saw coming.
Like you know, we knew they had to pull it out this holiday season and I think they've
succeeded to an extent with the two big releases.
I don't know what the final word is on how much it's sold, but I think they're saying
already it sold more than the DS did in its first year.
Now granted, it's a little bit apple to oranges because, you know, the 3DS should have the
DS's inertia to piggyback on, but you know, I think all in all, the 3DS is not going away
anytime soon.
Right, and then obviously it still has to contend with the Vita and then all the new
powerful smartphones are coming out within the next year.
I kind of think there's room for both the 3DS and the Vita.
I don't think they're going to bite from each other that much.
What about the third one, the mobile game market?
The fact that the smartphones out there are pretty much not only matching, but exceeding
their specs.
I have yet to play a game on a cell phone that also exists on a 3DS or Vita or any handheld
system that outshines it.
I wonder if Angry Birds would count since they already have it on PSP.
I'm not big on Angry Birds.
It's not to say mobile phone games are bad because there's a lot of good ones out there,
but most mobile phone games are kind of developed for mobile phones and they kind of, like,
the handheld game and mobile phones are kind of two separate worlds for me, but I get how
the two can cannibalize from each other as well.
I get how mobile phone is kicking Nintendo in the pants a little bit.
Why do you think they're...
Because Angry Birds is 99 cents and Mario Kart's 40.
I mean, alright, on one hand you have a system that's basically, you're right, it's touch
screen.
It's the best thing for hardcore gamers, but at the end of the day, they have, you know,
the platforms that they're running on, not only iPhone and Android, they're just, like,
they're getting out these systems for about the same price, but it's something that you're
going to carry with every day and going to use in an emergency, in addition to just playing
Angry Birds or any other, you know, game right now.
Like, even me, for example, I bought, like, SimCity for 10 cents today from the Android
market when they had that little sale, and I actually, I'm kicking myself because I missed
out on Minecraft earlier last week.
Mirror's Edge was free on iOS this weekend, by the way.
I don't know if it still is, I grabbed it when it was, so yay me.
But it's like, there are certain games I would play on the Android market, it's just a matter
of like, the ones that I'm willing to shell out money for, and those are pretty much like,
they're rare.
Like, from Angry Birds and Tap Tap, it's like, if they had something like SimCity or maybe
like a strategy game where you move around units, not like a castle defense game, but
something where you're just like, like a Starcraft or a Command and Conquer clone, then I could
definitely see myself playing that on the subways.
All right.
All right, well, Zaku, I gotta wrap up, so we can wrap up the show, but thanks for your
call.
Yeah, definitely.
All right, take care, buddy.
Have a good night.
You too.
I'm gonna do it for the phone lines tonight, because we're well after midnight on the East
Coast now, so I think we need to wrap up the show, so sorry to those who didn't get through,
but please consider sending us an email, make DarkSakura work for next week.
Hey, I work really hard all the time.
One eight, it's, excuse me, mailbag at orangelauntradio.com.
Quickly with these last few tweets, and then Loki left the room for a minute, but we'll
get him to do the last few last minute stories.
Tigerclaw wanted to send us a link that talks about layoffs at THQ's uDraw division.
Yep, it looks like some layoffs have happened over there.
30 employees were laid off on Friday, and layoffs are never good news, but at the same
time, it sounds like they might have put too many eggs in the basket of uDraw, because
I think it was, like, doing really well at first, but it's really funny.
I went to a family event today.
My grandma's 95th birthday was today, so happy birthday to my grandma, of course, but some
of my family was there, including, like, you know, some people that don't play a lot of
games, but like families, you know, they're like, they don't really watch a lot of TV,
but they're like, yeah, we own a Wii, and they actually mentioned, she actually said,
oh, we just bought last Christmas this uDraw tablet, but we never play it, so it's kind
of one of those, you know, oops, the inertia wasn't strong enough to keep the uDraw thing
going, so, ouch, yep, so there it went, goodbye.
And from Rama tweets us, on the hooves of the popular cartoon, we have My Little Pony
Fighting is Magic.
I don't know how I feel about your My Little Pony obsession these days, but sure enough,
at main6.com, they have this little trailer for My Little Pony Fighting Game.
You know what, I used to watch the original My Little Pony.
These new ones just look derpy.
Well, they do have a character named Derpy, actually.
Yeah, but I mean, everyone looks derpy.
All right, one more tweet, I'm gonna sneak in one more tweet here from Ziba.
I like Ziba, and she's psychic, because she knew from my teaser tweets, she knew about
the whole Umlaut thing, she guessed it.
Ziba says, O-L-R, I recently downloaded Snoopy Street Fair on the App Store.
It's really fun.
If you are a Snoopy or Peanuts fan, get it.
I like Snoopy.
I wonder if it's like an action-y game or a puzzle game, I'll have to find out more
about it.
So there you go, that's gonna do it for tweets tonight, let's see if there's any other last
minute stories.
Loki?
Uh, yeah, there's actually one thing here, well, a couple things.
First off, Q Entertainment has revealed 99 Nights Online.
So if you want a game that's kind of like, it's not exactly like 99 Nights, the regular
one that's sort of like a Dynasty Warriors knockoff almost, but this is a 2D action MMO.
It's interesting that this game refuses to go anywhere, yet we have such a hard time
getting Xenoblade over here, just saying.
It looks very much like, I don't know, like a lot of the 2D games that come over from
like Vanillaware and stuff like that, Neat, I guess, I don't know if that's actually coming
out over here though, I think that's only in Japan, but pretty cool.
And then, I mean, this is just annoying, but apparently there's been a quote from Capcom,
Christian Svensson, who is the Vice President of Strategic Planning and Marketing Development,
of course, commenting on Mega Man Legends 3, saying that, you know, what was the actual
quote here, that Mega Man is still a key brand for them, and that, you know, I guess basically
promising that there are fans that, no, there will be a Mega Man game possibly coming out.
They're considering Mega Man's future, so...
How nice of you to give it some thought, to take pittance on us commoners, to allow us
an audience with the king.
We're considering it, even though there's this big fan campaign to get another game,
we're considering, you know, being nice and giving you...
How bad do you want it, boys?
Seriously, and with that, as much as Mega Man Legends 3 would be awesome, I can't support
that kind of thing, so I don't know if I'd buy it.
I don't know.
And then...
It's a shame how that has all been ruined, but anyway.
Now, I'm sure you're aware of Just Dance and how it's a popular franchise, and a lot of
these smaller developers out there like to, you know, knock off this game and put out
their own dancing game.
So one of these companies, Oxygen Games, I believe, or OG International, which sounds
a little bit funnier, they have a game called Get Up and Dance, and it's really hilarious.
Actually, I got to show you, I forgot to pull up the other screenshot, but basically, the
game looks almost exactly, I mean, straight down to the art style like Just Dance 3.
But anyways, there was this court case from Ubisoft suing the company, saying that, you
know, you guys can't release this because this is violating copyright, and basically
you're just creating a game that's exactly the same as ours.
And apparently, though, the judge...
Wait, wait, did you say the game is called Get Up and Dance?
Get Up and Dance.
Because there's a total Bimani joke in there.
Did you get it?
Anyway, so the court, though, has allowed, because Ubisoft, one of the things they wanted
to do was put a temporary restraining order on the publisher to not be able to put this
game out.
So they have been denied.
Ubisoft cannot restrain the release of this game.
It's supposed to be published in North America on PlayStation 3 and the Wii.
Of course, you know, the PlayStation 3 being the move version.
But yes, the game looks exactly, I mean, straight down to the artwork exactly like Just Dance.
Of course, it will not sell as well as Just Dance.
Alright, that's it for last minute stories.
Alright, like, there's at least three people who get the joke.
At least, I can count at least three people in chat who should understand that joke.
At least.
Alright.
Anyhow, that's going to bring another episode of Orange Lounge Radio to a close.
Aw, sad face.
Alright, but thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to our show.
We really appreciate it.
We appreciate the support.
We do.
We're com...
Yes, we do.
Girl.
We're commercial free.
We appreciate it.
All we ask, if you enjoyed the show, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread through word of mouth.
We really appreciate it.
Now's the part of the show where we go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Soccer, we'll start you tonight.
Your final thought.
Um, I really have an obsession with fab.com lately, but I can't afford anything there
except for my Helveta cards.
My final thought is, um, I won at least one piece of tier 13 Looking for Raid by this
time next week.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I've been looking for some good cage match songs and I found one.
All right, that's going to do it.
Thank you guys once again for listening to our show.
We'll be back to do it all again next week.
Have a wonderful night, everybody, and thanks for listening.
Take care.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
