Tonight, December 4th, 2011, a fan-demanded Wii game is finally set for release in the
US, Valve trolls everyone with a new t-shirt, and the Comedy Central show is set to get
a new video game.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio. We are live as we are every Sunday
night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show. It is December 4th, 2011, it's the 437th episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First off, the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Weh.
How are you?
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
You sound like a little doll that's flattening or something.
Weh.
Weh.
Or a chocobo.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
So thank you, thank you for having an organization with us,ealing out a
little bit.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh?
Yeah weh weh weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
Weh.
has been down due to some stuff and things. We'll leave it at that. And out of our control.
And some folks have been working very hard behind the scenes. Namely, and I want to give
a shout out to, Jason and Dekeman, behind the scenes, have ensured that it will be back
up. Now here's the thing. I could flip the switch right now and some people would see
it, but it's one of those things that's going to slowly roll out. The way DNS works out,
it's going to slowly roll out the internet over the next 24 hours. But exactly. So that
also keep, you know, keep in mind that if they do pass that law to block stuff, you
have 24 hours to finish pirating whenever you may want to pirate.
Stop. All right. But, uh, anyhow, the, and, and it's all worked out behind the scenes.
We're going to have our backup site updated and the new site, so everybody will get the
show and we'll have a website again. Yay. You better watch out though. If they catch
you, um, pirating anything, they can actually just lock you up in a maximum security prison
for no reason. Why are we talking about this? I'm trying to be happy about the show. Coming
back for the show. Yay. Ah, party. All right. Anyhow, orange launch radio.com by the time
the podcast, the people download this in here, it's probably back up and running live listeners.
You're finding out about two minutes after I did. I said, I said you all would be the
first to know. So as soon as I hit that switch, which I'll do when we're on break, cause right
now try to do a show. Why are you showing me up your sleeve? I'm, I'm looking at my
fake watch. Even though we are not televised, I'm still going through the motions and looking
at my fake watch. Anyhow. Um, what else was I going to say? Damn you woman, you threw
me off. Um, chat.orangelaungeradio.com. It does work. It's up right now. Even on the
backup site for the folks listening live, we do encourage you to join our chat room
at chat.orangelaungeradio.com and you can listen live and make comments all you want,
such as, uh, Jim Sally in our chat room says 24 hour pirate special at olr.com. You can
get lots of booty at orangelaungeradio.com. All right. Um, yes. What? You get that look
on your face. Like I have something smart assed. I'm going to say, yes, but it doesn't
fit into the conversation that we're having right now. I'll save it. Does it ever fit
into the conversation we're having right now? It's unfortunately a week too late. So a week
too late. Yes, it is a week too late. All right, now I have to know what's your week
old joke. Say it. Well, the Xbox luba has a slick interface. No, that's still funny.
Xbox lube jokes are still funny. It's just not funny to some people listening who haven't
been listening to the show lately because there's no damn website, but there will be
anyhow. All right, look, I want to talk about other exciting things. Not only is our website
coming back up, but um, there's an awesome charity event. We've pimped this on the show
for years. There's an awesome charity event happening this week, this Thursday in San
Francisco. So if you're in the San Francisco Bay area, you need to go to this event because
I'm going to be there. Dark soccer is going to be there. Loki, not going to be there,
but he'll be thinking about it. I'll bring some cat hair with me so Shermie can be part
of it. I'll totally be thinking about it while I'm playing Skyrim. The moment I said that
Shermie looked up at me like the hell you will. But here's the thing, dark soccer and
I are going to San Francisco and um, salacious doesn't call. We don't honestly just pop anymore,
but Alan is going to be very honest, you know, had, you know, had I not been locked into
the house, you know, by the wife and kid, I probably would have been one that, uh, the
be on the stage thing, you know? Oh yeah, I know. Be true to the rock band cause I like
winning eBay auctions. So you know, well let me, let me back up for those that don't know
what Loom loud is cause I know we've talked about this for years on the show. We're very
grateful to have an audience that's listened to us for like some people in chat room mentioning
early. I've been listening for five years. I've been listening since it was single digits
in the show. Um, we've been pivoting this for a long time. It's a great charity event.
It happens in San Francisco at a place called the DNA lounge, which is an actual venue and
there's, there's a lot of famous stuff that happens to DNA lounge. Um, club booty is one
of the biggest examples of that. That's the mashup club night where they actually like
mash songs together and some of those huge mashups song things that you hear out there
have come out of that club. By the way, on Thursday before Loom load, uh, club booty
is going to be spinning for an hour. So that's kind of cool. So that's, that'll be a part
of it. Um, but anyhow, what happens to Loom loud is people pay money, they get on stage,
they play rock band in front of a crowd full of nerds and people have like minded mindset.
So everybody gets into it. Everybody's drinking, everybody's having a great time and it's all
for a great cause. They collect money at the door. It's 10 bucks to get in. Um, and that
money to get in not only gets you into this awesome event, which is really worth it alone,
but you get to pick a prize off the swag table. And I'm not allowed to say what I know about
the swag table this year, but there's like really good stuff that people are going to
walk out of there with just for walking in the door and deciding to go to this event.
And they're going to be doing a raffle. They're going to be doing these silent auctions. I
don't think I'm allowed to say what's at the silent auction. I don't know what I can and
can't say, so I can't say anything and staring at their badges that are really pretty, but
I will say, but I will say this, this, the silent auction stuff is amazing too. Like
one of the items in particular. Oh my God. Oh my God. Anybody that like grew up on an
NES is going to lose their shit over this. It's amazing. So, and I, I can't remember
if that's one of the eBay ones or not, because yes, you're going to be able to participate
online as well. And you'll be able to bid on this stuff online and, and, and the so-called
you're going to get to watch it online. It's all streaming at umlaut.org. And why am I
pimping this so bad? I'd be pimping it anyway, but I'm especially pimping it because there's
a live pre-show for the first time ever. That's going to be happening video from it. And they
asked me to co-host. So I'm going to be doing it with, um, uh, some other friends in the
gaming community, including carnage, who does a lot of the Destructoid live stuff, uh, which
would be very cool. Some other folks from other websites are involved too. So it's no
like singular website doing it. This is not an OLR show. It's just, we're helping. We're
one of the cooks in the kitchen with this. So, and it's going to be great. Um, met a
lot of the folks earlier this weekend at a pretty cool place. And, um, yeah, it's, it's
going to be a kick ass show. So make plans to be here Thursday, six 30 Pacific nine 30
Eastern. Um, loud. That's U M L O U D.org. Now you have no excuse not to be there. It's
going to be delivered to your house. I'm also selling autographs on people's foreheads for
10 bucks. Don't spend dollar donations. Why not put it in the donation box? I'll sign
your forehead. You know what? If you're, if you will donate $20 to the cause, I'll make
out with you. No, I'm just kidding. Video camera. Only if you're hot. No, I'm just,
I'm kidding. I'm kidding. But we will, I, we are going to lend our full support and
if that makes you as an OLR person want to come party with us, you know what? We'll have
a drink together. I can say at least that much. Yeah. We're not really going to make
out with you. No. Okay. And dark soccer will not show you her boots. No, but, but I am,
um, the designer this year. Um, I will not say much more than that, but you get to see
my work on the badges and the tickets and a wall and other things. Good stuff. So yeah.
And as part of the video presentation, you're going to get to see me, which is a little
creepy because I don't do video. Like I've done, you can see my work on that too. I've
done, uh, audio stuff since 97. So this is one of the first, I mean, besides back when
we were doing the Justin TV, like webcam pointed at us as we were taping the show, which I
don't think makes her exciting video, but some people miss it. Maybe it'll come back
someday when we're at a studio that's wired for it. Um, but uh, yeah, I, I, I'm excited.
I'm into it. I'm, I'm, I'm happy. You look perky. Yeah. It's been, it's been a busy week
and I've just had that coffee right over there. That coffee right over there that no one can
see, but us and websites coming back. I don't know if you heard, but it's very exciting.
I was going to get some red bull before the show, but I have a Pepsi and as of at night,
my night couldn't get any better. Look at this. Look at this. My buddy, my pal Loki
tech master Loki brought me saints row the third on Xbox three 60 granted to borrow,
not to keep, but when I borrow games from Loki, I keep them for like three months. So
you completely forgot that I got you a very special present today, mister from the dollar
store. I got Robin snow globe. It was the thought that counts. I waited in line twice
as long as I spent shopping. All right. I hate the dollar store this time of year. All
right. Uh, going to our chat room at chat dot orange lounge, radio.com salacious pop
in our chat says Rob Roberts is going to be the next Adam Sessler. At least he's a little
balder than me, which isn't saying much. Anyhow. All right. Uh, look, it's not, it's not about
that. It's about getting you guys to show up. They, they know this is the thing. They
know that the OLR and that the all games people are rabid people and they will wear when we
will do this stuff, they're, they're more likely to show up. So you guys have to represent
not just OLR, but all games and show up and cheer loudly and be excited about them loud.
And most of all, please donate. I know, I know it's a tough time of year, but, uh, keep
in mind the charity. There's a lot of kids out there who have it a lot tougher and we're
going to bring a little bit of sunshine to their lives through this charity. So again,
um, loud.org on Thursday. Alrighty. How about video games? Let's get back into how our gaming
weeks were and all that good stuff. We always like to kick off the show a little bit. How
was your gaming week? Dark soccer. How was your gaming week? I played stuff that wasn't
well. That made me played well too. But last night started the family tradition. We broke
out the Saturn and played Christmas nights. Oh, it must be the holidays. And then we realized
that our battery wasn't working so we couldn't save anything. But Dan decided that he was
going to play Ray Earth anyway, so he started playing Ray Earth. I finally played my copy
of P.O.P.O. 2 on the Sega Saturn. And you know what? That game sucks. Not that it sucks
that it's a bad game because P.O.P.O. is awesome. It kicked my ass. I am that out of practice
on P.O.P.O. And we played through, um, Parodius Da. We played through, um, G.K.O. Parodius.
Um, sorry. Sorry. Gokugio Parodius. Um, we played through, um, a little bit of, uh, Oceberry
Parodius. A lot of Parodius. Um, Dan, we started playing through Rockman X3 until we realized
that it actually is not all that great on the Saturn. Um, and then he beat, uh, Thunder
Force 3 on Saturn. Like, just sat down and played. There's apparently something called
kids mode, where if you die, you come back with all of your weapons and shields. So he
was just doing stress relief mode pretty much. Um, we played, I played actually, um, some
of the Blue Seed RPG until I forgot that I need a walkthrough to play the Blue Seed RPG
because I read, like, a retarded five-year-old in Japanese. You had quite the Sega-filled
retro week. There's more. Oh my. I found my Utena game. I didn't play it. Was that the
Dish game? No, no, that was on Dreamcast and that was Cardcaptor Sakura. I can never remember
these things. But there was Clamp involved because it played Rayearth. And, um, I was
gonna play Pocket Fighter, but I was like, I don't want to deal with the RAM card or
anything, so. And, um, also, um, I bought Dan's present. Don't tell him anybody. It's
b-b-b-b-b-b. That's what Dan got. I'm not gonna repeat that. No, I'm not gonna tell
anybody what I got, Dan, because they'll tell him because of freaking internet. People can't
keep a secret. What's up with that? Um, and then, um, I bathed the cat. That's a game
all in itself. Uh, that's just, see what offended faces Shermie can make at you. She's asleep
in her bed now, but she doesn't- She does look cleaner. She's a lot cleaner. She doesn't
smell like her ass anymore. That's a good thing when she's right underneath me. She
doesn't smell like Old Lady anymore. Alright. I'm sorry, but Shermie smelled like Cat Old
Lady. Uh, comments from chat.orangelandtrady.com. ActDeft in our chat room says, it's officially
the holidays at Jamie and Dan's house when they play Christmas Nights. That is true.
Uh, let's see. Misty says, woo, kid mode. Sounds good for me. Right? Preach it. I also
have to say, I also have to say that while I was in the kitchen making hot chocolate
last night, that Dan was, um, the, the little night song was playing and I remembered the
whole thing. I was singing along with it. The other thing I remembered the whole thing
of, oddly enough, is how to sing the opening theme to Blue Seed in Japanese. You know why
that is? What? Because you're a nerd. So, I love this song. It's a cute song. Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week? Did you play any, uh, old school Sega? I too broke out
the Sega, uh, Saturn to, uh, to play Hanukkah Nights. It's not quite as popular as Christmas
Nights, but, uh, but there's eight stages, eight stages since a little longer. Um, so
it was, it was pretty good. Um, no, actually I, I played, uh, lots of Skyrim and, uh, ran
across my, uh, fair share of glitches. Um, one of which I took a picture of for prosperity
on, uh, Facebook. This, uh, I fought a dragon and all of a sudden it froze for a second.
And then this giant, like, dirt thing was in front of me. I mean, we'll have to post
it to the, uh, Tumblr, but I don't know if you can see, Rob, there's a little guy standing
down here. Just to give you an idea how tall this thing is. It's just ridiculous. It's
like an old faithful made out of dirt. Yeah, pretty much. And, and it is completely non-solid.
You can just run right through it. Cause it's like, ooh, big mountain that it created. And,
uh, it's weird. That same dragon, apparently the dragon of glitching, um, today I was playing,
all of a sudden these dragon bones fall from the sky and just lands in front of me like,
wait, this is that same dragon I just killed like hours ago, days ago. It just fell from
the sky again. Uh, it's so glitchy. I haven't touched Skyrim in a couple of weeks just because
of everything else that's been going on this time of year, but, um, I really need to play
it more. God fucking chat. What, what did Chad do now? They're making assumptions. So
I just said it. You're dirty. So, um, yeah, I mean, I've been, and I haven't really been
doing anything. I actually had to force myself to go to the next like actual quest or the
storyline quest. And, um, but along the way, of course, I had to like waste a bunch of
time and went back to Helgen and picked up everything that wasn't attached to the ground
and stored it into a, you know, a night table. Apparently those night tables have, uh, some
sort of magical properties that you can store just everything in them. Like, you know, eight,
you know, great swords. Yeah, sure. Why not? You know, armor, tons of it. Comment from
Kaijuto in our chat room. Is he playing Skyrim on 360? I'm not getting many bugs on the PS3.
I got a dragon flying backwards today. That's about it. Uh, yeah, 360. I was playing on
PS3. I didn't notice any bugs really. I'm playing, um, still on the last patch, the
one one because I'm not dumb enough to download one two. I'm just like, nope, I'm not going
to download that. I, I like having magical resistance and stuff like that and my dragons
flying forward. Um, so I've been playing, um, that and then actually I'm setting up
my J tag to play once I'm done, how many hours it's going to be once I'm done with everything.
Go back and play it using a hacked version because there's a way you can, uh, port over
the PC mods to the 360 version if you have a J tag, which is fantastic. And so you can
do a bunch of cool things with that. Um, of course I'm not doing that right now. I'm actually
just playing legitimately. Although, like I said last week, there's a lot of weird situations
where you do a quest for somebody and all of a sudden they start trusting you with their
belongings, which is never a good idea because I, I started selling some firewood back to
one of the ends or whatever and for some reason all of a sudden all the things that were steel
were no longer steel and so I cleared out the entire place of everything that was not
steel. And so now they, you know, people eating, I'm taking your food, you know, and just all
sorts of fun stuff like that. Awesome. Um, Hey, you helped him out. What's theirs is
yours. Exactly. And then I sold it back to them, which is great. Um, you can do some
mean things in Skyrim. There's some like really funny stuff. Like I went to this one Fort
and all these bandits are running around. There's this old woman and she's like, I come
with the Fort and you know, there's people coming and going. I don't know who's taking
over one side wins, the other side comes back and blah, blah, blah. So meanwhile, all these
bandits are attacking it and I'm attacking them. And she's like, I think you should leave.
And it was hilarious. I'm like, I'm going to kill you bitch. Keep like fucking talking
to me. And then she finally, she's still there, but you know, now the Imperial forces are
there. And this is hilarious because she's like, yeah, these people that have captured
her, she's just like, I think you should go like, well, no, I'm not going to. You know,
the thing Skyrim obviously is, is doing amazingly well, you know, and it's a single player game
and everything. And I noticed a lot of what makes single player games really transcend
into the mainstream that everybody's talking about them because I think of a game like
grand theft auto four or grand theft auto three, which while granted they do have their
multiplayer modes, they're probably more known for their single player. I think these games
that have these huge sandboxes available to just do whatever always seem to be very memorable
stuff that the people create in the environments. Part of the reason why you really love saints
row too is that, you know, it's, it's a very absurd sandbox. It's somebody pooped in the
sandbox and it's, it's still has its own microcosm. Yeah, I really do. I'm probably going to go
back to saying it's row again cause I was looking at Tim. I, I don't have all the achievements
yet. I'm almost there, but I just haven't, I really hated doing the, um, car theft missions
and so I didn't. And then I also have to replay the game as a, you know, a female character
for at least two hours and get that achievement. Um, and then I have to finish some of the
other story missions in a different way than I did before. But you know, it's almost at
the end. Uh, the other thing I played this week also was called duty, modern warfare
one, you know, call duty four. Uh, we went, now we're in sibling, just regular free for
all death matches. We're going old school free for all death matches, which is kind
of a little bit like grand theft auto death matches where you start off with the same
weapons and you pick up weapons and perks as you go along. So it's kind of fun just
mixing it up a little bit, but I'm still working on the mod game. Uh, eventually the problem
is so it's like every time I'm like, can I go work on the mod game or I can play Skyrim
and usually Skyrim where it wins out, you know? Yeah, I know how it goes. That game
literally it sucks hours of my life away and I do nothing in it. I collect shit. I hoard
it all. Your wife pretty much hates reading books. She doesn't care. The only thing I
heard out of her like yesterday was, Oh, that's pretty, you know, cause you know, it's the
environment and stuff. It is pretty, but like, you know, I, I attacked a mammoth the other
day and stuff. I killed a couple of bears today. Yeah, they're pissing me off. Did you
find the cave of bears? Yes, they did find the cave of bears. Yes. I don't know if it
was, it's right outside one of the quest towns. There's actually, it's a place, it's called
like the bear cave or something like that. It's nothing but bears. There was two bears
in a cave that I found. I don't think it was that. It was on my way to, I don't remember
the damn town names. It's been a while. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Anything else for your week
you want to share? Uh, that's it. All right. Um, my gaming week, actually not quite as
exciting as my co-host this week. I'm kind of the one with the lazy game week. Um, uh,
I wanted to get Mario Kart seven today, but I neglected to order online and now that I'm
trying to order it online, they're like, we can't deliver it till after Christmas. I'm
like, screw you. Um, I want it now. I was literally next door to an evil G today and
I still didn't want to go in. I'm like, I'll wait till I'll go to target later in the week.
So yeah. Uh, no Mario Kart seven for me today, but um, I will get it this week. Just things
are a little bit crazy right now. As you can imagine with everything I talked about earlier,
prepping for Thursday and, and just everything else going on with my day job is nuts right
now. Um, there hasn't been a whole lot of time. I will tell you what little time there
has been. I honestly truly have been spending on world of Warcraft because with good reason,
a huge content patch hit this week. The dark moon fair. Yeah. The four, three patch hit
this week, not just dark moon fair that started the other night, but the five man instances.
There's a new raid and now they have this whole new looking for Ray tool. So if you're
not even in a guild that raids regularly like mine kind of raids like half the time, um,
you can do this whole thing where you can raid now. So it's, it's great. There's a lot
of stuff you can do there. So my time has been kind of sucked away into world of Warcraft
and I talk more about it on this week's Horde house. That's the other show I do. www.hordehouse.com
check it out. Just posted earlier today. Um, so yeah, uh, other than that, I bought some
other games this week. I just haven't played them yet. I bought another one of those bundles.
It's not the humble indie bundle cause it wasn't really for charity, but it was another
bundle and uh, you'll have to forgive me. I forgot the name. Somebody in chat, I'm sure
will yell it out, but it's the bundle that had Cthulhu saves the world. It's like a big
something. Yeah. And then it had, it had a really big world bundle maybe. Yeah. It had
a really neat sounding game in it, which between that and the Xbox live indie games that I'd
played before, I knew it would be worth it. Um, it was, um, like poker mixed with puzzle
game mixed with RPG. It sounded really cool. So I wanted to play that. I just didn't get
around to it this week because again, new wow patch, busy day life. So it'd be awesome
if it's swords and poker for the PC, but they didn't. It is not swords and poker PC. So
that was another game took over my life. Our chat is kind of lagged tonight, so I can't
even get the answer for them. So we'll see. It'll come up in a little while I'm sure.
So the problem with those indie bundles, it's like I'm not buying anymore until I play the
one that I have and I've only played one game out of it. You know, VVVV. Um, I still haven't
played all the other ones out of that Humble Any Bundle. Um, so yeah, it probably will
be a while before I buy any more of those. Actually it was looking a little bit on Xbox
indie games because I have a bunch of Microsoft points that I haven't used yet and I thought
about buying some stuff. I almost bought DLC quest, but then I was like, how often would
I really play this with Skyrim and Saints Row and stuff? So it'll be something I purchase
later on. All right, thank you guys. Thank you chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
It was, uh, Indie Royale was the website that was selling it and it was the really big bundle.
It's done. That was a quick sale unless I just got in on the tail end of it. I don't
know, but it's done. So unfortunately you can't buy this now, but um, let's see. Unless
maybe you can. Now the current minimum is done. It says or beat the minimum. I don't
know what the minimum is. I don't know if you can still buy it, but again, you look
down here and it says one minute, five seconds ago they were still selling it. So I don't
think you can. Well, let me try for dollars. Go see if it'll work. But anyway, the, uh,
it had, um, breath of death. Cthulhu saves the world. The game I was trying to think
of rune spell overture. That's the other game in the bundle that I wanted to check out.
So there you go. And sadly it doesn't look like the website's working anymore. I think
it's done so can't get it now. All right. Um, chat.orangelaunchradio.com. If you want
to join us here live on this Sunday evening and you can help fill in the gaps of my memory.
Awesome. Some other things we want to plug. You're old, right? I was talking about this
earlier and you were like, no, you're not old. It's like, no, I'm forgetting things
left and right. All right. Um, couple other things we wanted to mention before we get
into tonight's news. I want to plug some other stuff that we're on around the internet. Twitter.com
slash O L R. If you want to follow us on Twitter, you can also send in your questions for tonight
because we'll get into Twitter topics a little later in the show. We get into part B. Our
Facebook is there as well. Facebook.com slash orange lounge radio. And now we are also on
Google plus so you can reach out and plus one us, uh, just search for orange lounge
radio on Google plus because I can't, there's no URLs on Google plus right now. So there
you go. Many ways you can interact with the show and talk to us and say hello and thank
God there will be a mailbag again next week. Um, hopefully as well if we're getting the
old website back, so that should be up midweek or so. All right, let's get into some gaming
news. Loki's going to start us off with some gaming news tonight. Yes. Um, so lots of stuff
coming out about the PlayStation Vita. And of course one of the things that people are
wondering is how much are those proprietary memory cards going to cost us? Of course it's
going to be something reasonable, right? Right. Right. No. Um, actually no, they're, they're
pretty, pretty, um, high priced. Uh, let's see here. Or as you might say, not reasonable.
Yes. Not reasonable at all. Um, apparently they're saying that the according to GameStop
or the evil G if you will, uh, they have it listed on their website that the four gigabyte
card is going to be $29.99. Although they have, um, I guess Sony has told some websites
that the four gigabyte cards that actually retail for $24.99, uh, eight gigabyte cards
for $39.99. But, but I'll have you know, there have been times where the evil G will sell
stuff over retail because an uninformed consumer will buy it for whatever price you have it
listed for. Um, so beyond the four and eight gigabyte cards, the 16 gigabyte card will
run you $69.99 and 32 will be $119.99. Um, why is this important? Because they're required.
You need to have a memory card to play your games for the most part. Most games require
the memory card and especially if you're looking to download anything, you have to buy a memory
card in order to do that. And it's proprietary so you can't just, you know, get an SD card
or something like that, which would be way, way, way, way, way cheaper. But you know,
hey, if it's not proprietary, then people can pirate with it, right? That's what their
fear is. Or they're going to hack the system somehow. I tell you this much, Sony, they're
going to hack your system regardless of what fucking proprietary bullshit you have. It's
just going to happen. So I have to have a memory card and is Sony selling a bundle that
includes a memory card? They launched, they're going to have an launch bundles or whatever
that come with like a two gigabyte one I think. Am I correct in hearing that this $250 price
point that everybody was getting very excited about, like, Oh my God, I can't believe they're
releasing the Vita for 250. That is in fact a lie because 250 doesn't get you a memory
card. Am I correct? Doesn't get you a memory card, yeah. But some games do not require
it. Okay. Because some games, remember, they have storage on them for game saves and they
also have storage for download content and stuff like that. Some other games require
memory cards for that storage as well. I was going to say, if these stupid things are required,
then the system's not really $250, is it? But because there is that little, you know,
we call that a new poll where it's like, okay, well really you can play some games without
one. Just like, it's just like the Xbox 360. Remember when they first released? You don't
have to get a hard drive, but you know, if you want to save any games whatsoever. But
they're a little ridiculous. And I mean, I understand the price of memory. I'm sorry,
that's too damn expensive for your damn memory cards. Especially when everything else is
way cheaper. I mean, Microsoft is just as guilty of this with their stupid hard drive
prices. I mean, what, 250 gigabyte hard drive for like $120? I'm sorry, you can get a 250
gigabyte hard drive for probably about 30 bucks, if not cheaper than that. And it's
just such a high markup. And it's not anything really special either. It's just a laptop
hard drive formatted a special way, which you can get any laptop drive and format it
that special way if you have the right software to do that. Now, some of our folks in the
chat room are kind of going back and forth a little bit on this whole thing. And so like
SSJ100 Matt says, so the actual price of the Vita is now about upwards from $350. And Alpha
Kinanagram is like, no, it's 250 plus 25. You don't need 32 gigabytes, although 32 is
nice. Tiger Claw says 32 gigabytes only if you're using it as a primary music and video
player. And that kind of has me thinking, well, what about this whole UMD passport thing?
So if I let me get this right. If I want to play Luminous Old School all over again, assuming
it's even one of the games, I'm just kind of hoping it is. I need to buy the right to
get the passport and I'm going to have to buy a big enough memory card to keep some
of these games on. Yes. Which will end up costing me about as much as probably the game
would just cost me used anyway to just play on my old PSP. Yes. Logic doesn't apply and
when it comes to new video games, Rob, I know it's just, it's, it's so interesting to me
because what got everybody excited about the Vita? What truly got everybody like, fuck
yeah, Sony Vita. What got everybody really excited about it? The price, the back. It
was that price. No, it was not the back touch. It was not the reach around. It was that $250
price and now it's kind of like, oh, but it's, yeah, it's $250 if you want to play, you know,
oh, by the way, uh, and I mentioned this on Twitter earlier this week, but remember how
we were talking last week about Ridge Racer and there's, there's another thing to lose
a little excitement about the Vita over Ridge Racer and how it's supposed to be a little
bit cheaper than your average average PlayStation game. It's $29.99 whereas your average going
costs for a Vita game is going to be $39.99. So you save $10 and you get about 10% of the
game. Fantastic. It's awesome. You know what? I'm going to save myself $30. I'm just not
going to buy that game. You know, I still want a PlayStation Vita just because I am
a consumer whore and I want all the new toys, but I'm finding myself a little less excited
than I was a few months ago. I mean, at the end of the day, it's all about games. It is
all about the game. And if there is a truly like kick ass, oh my God, blow my mind game
on this thing. Like, you know, I got to say luminous on the original PSP was fucking fantastic.
There's a game that good on the PlayStation Vita, then you know, all this stuff seems
a little less worth waiting. Maybe we should learn from our mistakes before that. You know,
being an early adopter doesn't really net you anything. It nets you a bunch of problems
and more expensive price point. That is it. What are you going to net? Oh, I get to play
some of these games early. Well, it's all generation one stuff. I mean, is there really
anything super fantastic? I mean, maybe if you're a big Uncharted fan, then a Uncharted
game might be worth it to you. I sure as hell know I may be somewhat of a Ridge Racer fan,
but I'm not buying Ridge Racer and I don't really care about a new, um, you know, Little
Big Planet game or ports of a bunch of older games, you know, like ultimate, you know,
Marvel versus Capcom three or, um, you know, UFC game, MMA stuff. Uh, I just don't care
that they're porting that stuff over right now. Our chat room is on fire. It is literally
burning with conversation on this whole thing. Uh, Alf Kananagram is talking about the bundle,
the PlayStation Vita first edition bundle, PlayStation Vita 3G plus GPS model case, four
gigabyte card and little deviance $349. God, I sound like a PR dude. I got to admit, not
all that stuff interests me. I'm, I'm probably going to want a card more than four gigabits
and I don't really, I don't need that fucking 3g like I don't need it. I think they have
one that's without the 3g as well, but I'm not sure if that's available over here. I
think that's only in Canada. Go Canada. Tiger class says, what boggles me? Why only up to
32 gigabytes? We got memory sticks that go up to 64 gigabytes. I wish my phone had a
64 gig micro SD card. Then I could put all my music on it and use it as my primary music
player. Here's the problem though. If you're selling a memory stick or a memory card or
whatever you want to call it, that's the same price as the goddamn system. No one's going
to fucking there. Wait a second. I'm just wondering why anyone's surprised. All right,
one more comment. I'm going to get to hear from a private message. Usually I don't read
private messages cause I'm like talk in the main room, but I'll let me Klotov have this
one because he did guest on a whorehouse earlier today. So he did me a favor. But anyway, uh,
even though he only did a mediocre job, no, just kidding. Just kidding. I just want to
give him to all tab and say something angry. Uh, me. Klotov says rumor has it that the
memory sticks also will hold the games, which will be cheaper for download by 40% versus
retail box. Yeah, but here's the thing about that. That's all rumor and I don't know if
that's actually true or not. And on top of that, that all that is is just incentivize
you to buy the more expensive, you know, memory card because at the end of the day, you say
you buy like a four gig stick. What's that going to hold one or two games? I mean, that's
not going to offset the price of that memory card. All I have to say is the more and more
we talk about all this and oh, let, please let that 40% thing be true because once that
news comes out, if that's really not a rumor, you know how the internet's going to react.
The official Sony theme song, ladies and gentlemen. Well, I'm sure a lot of people will be happy
GameStop included. Well, here's the thing is, well, how long is it until the Vita comes
out in Japan? I mean, isn't that like right around the corner? Yeah, it's like the 17th.
I thought the prices, the price points that they had for games on, I don't know if that's
just been announced yet, but I don't think it's going to be 40%. I think it's going to
be either the same price or just slightly under, not 40%. If it is 40% cool, you know,
then that way maybe it gets more people to buy this, you know, their games or whatever
or people just be more selective in what they buy. Alright, let's move on with another story.
This is also about Sony and this, I don't know what to think of this news and I think
a lot of the gaming community doesn't know what to think of this news either. There are
rumors out there that Fumito Udea has quit Sony. Ueda. Ueda, excuse me. He's quit Sony
and why is this important? Oh, he's the creative lead behind a Team Ico, which is creating
The Last Guardian. Remember The Last Guardian? Remember that? That was that game that showed
up at the 2010 E3 that made everybody poop their pants because it looked so really good
and then it was suddenly absent this year. And yeah, apparently he is left. The game
hasn't come out yet and it's like 2012 at this point. Maybe that explains why it was
supposed to be out this holiday and then suddenly it was not. Supposedly he is working on the
project still. He's freelancing. But yeah, interesting. Sony was asked to comment on
the situation and said we do not comment on rumors or speculation. Right. Okay. Be interesting
to see how that impacts that game. I know, right? Especially if they announce it now
for the 360 and the Wii U. It's not. Maybe that's the surprise. It's not going to be
on the 360. It's on the Wii U! What about the Wii U, Loki? What about it? We haven't
seen anything that it actually does. Maybe that's the joke! If I take a big cardboard
box and write Wii U on it and then play a video next to it of all this amazing shit,
are people like, oh my god, I need to buy the Wii U! Look at all the shit it can do!
It doesn't do anything yet! It's just a video with some tech demos and shit. They don't
actually have any hardware that's... I mean, maybe the developers have some hardware that
does something, but at E3 that sure as hell wasn't Wii U hardware. All I'm saying is that
if Nintendo gets up there on the E3 stage and says, from the people that brought you
Shadow of the Colossus and Aiko, comes the last guardian to the Wii U. And I'll just
be like, I don't give a fuck. This is what you're going to hear in the audience. It's
not going to go to any other platform other than Sony. I guarantee it. It's not going
to happen. He'll probably work on something... It's fun to fantasize about, dammit. It's
not fun to fantasize about. Who cares? I mean, yeah, people will be excited that it's coming
to another platform. He'll probably do something amazing later on. It'll be separate from all
this. Form his own game studio, and so on. Alright, let me reset Yackety Sax for the
next story, Dark Sakura. Xenoblade. Which, you know, they said, oh, no plans, no plans,
blah blah, it's getting released in the US. As a GameStop exclusive. Retail exclusive.
It's not just a GameStop. I know, but... Um, they said, Nintendo of America has said that
it's going to be out in April 2012. But I mean, why, why, why not have just already
put it out? It's in English. It's there. Why wait? Because, Dark Sakura, they have to
remove the Us and put the Zs back in. So what? So what? Okay, so... Excuse me, the Zeds.
And all the Zeds are now Zs. So Maneuver has a few extra vowels in it that make it look
nonsensical. Americans won't understand it. So Yogurt has an H in it. Is there yogurt
in the Xenoblade Chronicles? I don't know, but... Fuck, you can do a lot in that game.
There probably is yogurt. Just, you know what? Just for that, I'm still going to get the
British one. Look, I really am trying to put my thoughts together on this. No, I haven't
pre-ordered it. I haven't until April. Why, why pre-order it today? I am, I don't need
to pre-order this. Rob's got a little steam-plot over his head. I just, I do because I really
feel like, I feel like we are... Have you ever heard that term, I'm being set up to
fail? Yes. Have you ever heard that before? You're setting me up to fail. At work all
the time. I really, yeah, it's a very common workplace saying. It's a very, very thing
you hear there is that we don't want to set people up to fail. Yes, they do. We're not
a company that sets people up to fail. Yes, they do. Okay. I feel like this game is being
set up to fail. Yeah. And it's a pity because the game itself is fantastic. I mean, for
a Wii game. It's, at the end of the day, a game is a game. And even though it's a really,
really, really good PlayStation 2 role-playing game, it's still a really good RPG that any
RPG fan needs to experience. For real. I mean, for real. I mean, so what if it doesn't have
the cutting-edge graphics and all that stuff? We pimp classic games here on the show all
the time. It is something that people should experience if you like role-playing games
in the slightest because this game does a lot. And like seriously, when you do play
it, you're like, this is a Wii game? Because they don't do stuff like this on the Wii.
And they should! But the problem is, I think we're, like, A, this game is coming out now.
It's like, the joke's over. And everybody's left the building. Like, like, a Loki said
earlier, he didn't want to make his Xbox lube joke because it was a week old. Well, this
game is coming out, like, years after it came out in Japan at this point, right? It's gotta
be at least a year since it's out in Japan. At least six months from Europe, for sure.
And for what reason, we don't know. After everyone who already really wanted it has
pirated it at it. Pirated it at it. Let me put it this way. If you're translating from
English to English, English English to English, I think it would take one person maybe a week
to finish that. I mean... It's called, um, Find and Replace. Yeah. I mean, I don't see
how that would be that difficult to go through there. And oh, oh shit, I missed one of the
words that's spelled in English English. Who cares? People are gonna be able to read it.
And you know what? Maybe the common consumer probably wouldn't even notice that that was
misspelled in the first place. Or it's spelled correctly but just not in the way that we
may spell it correctly. Who gives a shit? You can understand it. So, so for one, it's
coming out long after everybody who was passionate about this game has already played it. So
now it's just kind of on a limb, like, who's gonna be honest about it and actually buy
the game if they pirated it. Or, you know, you have to somehow convince the people that
imported it that it's worth buying twice when they're not enhancing it whatsoever. At least
they haven't said. I, I can't believe I came on this show and said, Nintendo's, they're
not gonna wait this long and then just re-release the same game. You'll get like Xenoblade Chronicles
Master Edition or International Edition. I'll have some extra stuff. Oops. Boy, did I give
somebody too much credit. Come on, Rob. I mean, this, this is a company that innovates
in every turn possible. I mean, they wouldn't, this isn't a company that would, I don't know,
take a Super NES ROM and put it on a CD and call it an anniversary edition or something
like that and sell it for $30 instead of putting it on the Virtual Console. No, they would
never do that. Ever. I mean, this isn't a company that tries to cash in. I really wanna
look at this translation. You know, you know what I mean. I bet it comes out and all that
shit is still in there. I bet they didn't touch the goddamn game at all. Yeah. So, what
do you wanna bet? We'll see, we'll see. But anyway, and now it's this whole limited release
thing. What does this tell you? If you can only get it through GameStop and you can only
get it on Nintendo.com, that means that they're not really gonna do a lot of marketing behind
this. You're not gonna see Xenoblade TV commercials. You're not gonna see magazine ads really a
whole lot. Maybe onesie twosie here and there. GameStop might promote it a little bit. GameInformer
will probably have an ad for it. Oh, that's true. GameInformer will probably have it.
And they are a big magazine. But it's not gonna be quite that campaign you would see
behind old, say, Mario Kart 3DS or, you know, some of the other stuff Nintendo's got going
on right now. Which, it just seems like they're just gonna, ugh, hear. Well, it's all about,
you know, exposing themselves to loss. And they stay, I mean, history has shown with
games on the Wii, if you put out something that even be considered slightly niche, it's
not gonna sell very well. I mean, look at Mad World, look at, you know, even some of
the more hardcore games like Conduit, Conduit 2, and that kind of stuff. It just, it, it
looks good. It could be really cutting edge as far as, you know, the technology behind
it or something like that. Or it can be really edgy, it's like a violent game and stuff.
But people, and hype it up all you want, but it doesn't sell. And unfortunately, you know,
for Nintendo to publish this, and, you know, to bring it over here, I mean that, it's a
risky thing for them to do when they can spend that same amount of marketing, or, well, they're
not doing any marketing, but spend some money on, you know, another Mario Kart game or another
Mario game that they know they're gonna sell millions of copies of. But, at the same time,
you know, cause they kinda, they wanna not lose all their cred with, you know, hardcore
gamers because their next system is kind of aimed at the hardcore gamer. I mean, at least
that's what they're trying to, you know, this is how they're skewing it right now with saying,
look, Ninja Gaiden, or Ninja Gaiden's gonna be on. Look, hey, there's a Ghost Recon game
that's gonna be on. Hey, look, it's gonna have, you know, all these publishers backing
it and putting their games on the Wii U. We want, you know, the hardcore gamers to come
back. But, I think this game would have been better off having, like, an Atlus or an Ignition
or Exceed or something like that bring, this is a perfect game for something like Exceed
to bring over because this is the type of games they bring up. They bring over niche
RPGs.
Yeah, problem. Problem. It was developed by a Nintendo second party. So, can't happen.
All this makes me miss working designs.
Sure it can. It can, it can definitely happen. If they don't wanna publish it over here,
they can sell the rights to somebody else to publish it.
True.
But, here's what I think happened, and the reason why it's a GameStop exclusive, because
they backed money to bring it over here.
Yeah, that's what our chat's saying too. GameGuru in our chatroom says, GameStop probably paid
for the publishing in the US so long as they got to sell it exclusive. I just, I don't
know. I just, I worry at the end of the day it's not gonna sell as much as it should,
and then Nintendo's gonna say, well, this is why you can't have nice things. We were
gracious and kind enough to give in to Operation Rainfall, and it didn't sell, so no last story
for you. Goodbye.
Here's why I say that. Fuck em. Because, you know what? I don't need them to bring out
fucking RPGs. They can pump out all the goddamn Mario games they want. Because, guess what?
This world has multiple publishers. It's just full of publishers that bring out RPGs, like
Atlas, or Exceed, or, you know, hell, Square Enix puts out RPGs. And guess what? I don't
need you to fucking bring over anything. You can fucking pump out your goddamn sports game
games, your stupid, if there's another goddamn game with WooHoo Island in it, I don't give
a fuck if WooHoo Island is in there. It's not a landmark, it's not something like, oh
my god, this island's in here, it's such a character, as they put it. I don't fucking
care. Hey, why don't you put WooHoo Island in fucking, you know, Xenoblade or whatever,
because I'm sure fans of Nintendo games are gonna want to see that. And hell, Mario's
a playable character, since, you know, it's a Nintendo published game, it's gotta have
fucking Mario in it.
Mamma mia.
So, I don't give a shit if they, you know, don't bring it out of here. And if they're
like, we listen to the fans, and the fans didn't follow through, well, fuck you, you
know what, because when the Wii U comes out, and you're just putting out Zelda and shit,
and sure, people are gonna cream themselves over goddamn Zelda, and to be fair-
Well, I was gonna say, hold on, hold on, because as angry as you're getting right now, Skyward
Sword? Really fucking good, from what I'm hearing, I haven't played it myself. But that
Mario 3DS game, I will tell you first hand, is that good.
Okay? To be fair, though, like I said, Zelda is not a fucking Final Fantasy. It's not a
Xenoblade. It's a different type of game. It's an adventure game, if you will. It's
not an RPG. It's an adventure game. It's a different type of game altogether. See, this
is- if that was the case, if, you know, hey, we're looking for some adventure games to
satisfy our fans, then boom, there you go. You have your game right there. You have your
good Mario games.
But Nintendo does this stuff where they have brilliant ideas, and they implement them really
well once, and then they just forget that they ever did it again. Perfect example. Excite
Truck for the Wii when it first came out. Utilize the SC memory card slot, because everyone's
like, holy shit, you know, we can play our own music on there. And then they never did
it again. Oh, oh, I am sorry, they did it once in Endless Ocean, but who gives a fuck?
No one bought Endless Ocean. It's a goddamn, you know, swimming game. If I want to go snorkeling,
I will go outside and go snorkeling. I don't need to play a game to simulate that. But
that was, like, the two times that they ever used that stupid SC memory card slot for anything
other than, later on, game sets.
This is where your anger really stems from, isn't it?
It's because they do stupid shit, because now everyone's like, oh, look, look, Project
Grainfall worked! No, no, they did it so they could save face, so they're like, see? We
care about the hardcore gamer. Buy the Wii U. We're gonna put out hardcore games for
it. Then you buy the Wii U, and you're gonna get fucking Mario games, and more fucking
Mario games, and more fucking Mario games, and more Mario games. Oh, and there's gonna
be a Zelda there, because, you know, that's a hardcore game now, and maybe a Metroid that's
gonna suck.
Can I go? I gotta go to the chat with this comment, because it's interesting. And rdgsinge
in our chatroom says, the new Zelda sure got pushed aside by Skyrim this year. I'm not
sure how to take that comment, because there's a lot of ways you gotta read into it, and
it's kind of like, well, why can't you have two great games? And I think you can, but
certainly at the end of the day, what are people really talking about? And I gotta say,
I do hear probably as many people, if not more, talking about Skyrim than I am hearing
about Zelda. Just kind of like on the average, on my Facebook feed, in real life, people
I know that wouldn't go to the extent to read gaming news or download gaming podcasts but
still spend money on video games are playing a lot of Skyrim. But I am hearing some Zelda
2, but it seems like five years ago, when it was Twilight Princess, that was all anybody
could talk about. Nobody shared the stage.
That's the thing, though, is it's been a long time since there have been some really good
games. And yeah, there have been some Mario games that have been pretty good and whatever,
and some other good Wii games. But a lot of people have kind of put their Wii away or
sold their Wii, because they're like, fuck, there's nothing coming out that I want to
play anymore.
That's my Wii.
You know, so it's like, well, who cares? And also, Skyward Sword, one system. Skyrim on
a bunch of systems and PCs. So, I mean, I can understand why more people are talking
about it. But once again, RPG adventure game. Different. Completely different.
Not for Grandma, who still has the Wii.
It's definitely not for Grandma. I mean, it's just, it's not a game that's going to appeal
to a lot of people. And to be honest, if you think about it, Skyward Sword is almost kind
of a risky move for them. I mean, if you think about it, their big thing was, let's get non-gamers
into buying our system and we're going to sell games to them.
Yeah, but there's a problem. They were non-gamers for a reason. They don't play games. And yeah,
they may play Wii Sports or whatever when family's over, but your Wii party didn't sell
very well, because no one buys games that are non-gamers.
Xenoblade may have sold well for some of the stuff, because once again, you're convincing
them it's a party game. But Skyward Sword, not a party game. Not really anything that
non-gamers are going to be interested in. It is kind of, you know, hey, fans of the
series and hardcore gamers or whatever on the Wii platform, hey, we're still considering
you. And it's great that they can put together some good quality games on the platform.
But at the same time, I just, when I saw that they're bringing a Xenoblade over or whatever,
I was just like, eh, I don't fucking care. I'm not going to buy it. I mean, especially
when they said GameStop, I'm like, really not going to buy it.
I gotta be honest. Well, I'm not buying it from GameStop, but you can pre-order it on
Nintendo.com and maybe a little closer to April. I am leaning towards, I think I might
buy it. It's a good game at the end of the day, despite my displeasure of how they're
fucking this up. I think it's still a fantastic game and it's kind of like in the same vein
the Dark Sakura would spend like $200 on a Castlevania or Neo Geo thing or whatever stuff
she finds and puts in the vault that they spend a lot of money on. It's just kind of
one of those things where it's like, I'd like to buy it, keep it in the shrink wrap as a
piece of gaming history. Well, we have almost everything that Working
Designs put out. Same thing. It's kind of one of those things.
Let me word it in a different way then. I'm not fucking begging any goddamn publishers
for a fucking game. So you know what? You're here, publishers, to please me as a consumer.
And if you want me to fucking beg and plead to give you money, then you can go fuck yourself
because I'm not doing that. And hey, Nintendo, with your Wii U, if it sucks balls, I'm not
fucking buying it. Or in your goddamn Mario games that come out of there. And yeah, I'll
give a shit about Mario Kart Wii U. It'll use probably the touch pad for some other
goddamn awful thing that you can use the button for. Whatever. I don't care. Yeah, I may get
in on 3DS. But I'm still considering that because I don't really consider a game that
has all these classic tracks. What if the Mario game is really good? Like
Mario 3DS Land. Or whatever the hell it's called. Super Mario 3D Land.
One game on a console does not warrant me buying that console. If it's good. It has
to be the majority of the games on the console being good. And I'm sorry if there's other
things on other consoles, especially cross console stuff, I'm gonna get it on a console
that, you know, I don't have to pay extra money for to get some... I mean, like, come
on. Zelda sold me a Super Nintendo. And a lot of games have sold me the systems. You
know, Final Fantasy 7 sold me a Playstation. It's true, Final Fantasy 7 sold me a Playstation.
There was a lot of games on the Wii that sold me a Wii. But you know what? I bought the
Wii and I played some of those games and... haven't really touched it since. Played a
little bit of Animal Crossing a few months back, but... I mean, I kinda was like, eh.
It's kind of a waste of my money. And I don't wanna make that mistake again.
Alright, in the interest of time, let's move on, but I'm sure we'll get lots of emails
on it this week. Oh wait, you can't email us. Actually, no. The email should be fixed
mid-week. So after about Tuesday, Wednesday, email us again. Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com.
Meanwhile, we got more news to cover, so I'm gonna go back to Loki.
Alright. So let's see here. Let's talk a little bit about... this is kinda cool. And I actually
had one of my co-workers tell me about this company prior to this news, so I just kind
of reinviged it. There's a company called ClickNation, and I guess they were behind
some free-to-play games like Six-Gun Galaxy, Age of Champions, or Starship Command, which
I'm not too familiar with those games, but...
Cause they're Facebook games and there's a lot of those.
Yes, and it was funny, cause it was one of my co-workers, who's a friend of one of the
guys at the company, which I gotta talk to that co-worker later on this week. He's like
saying, hey, have you heard these guys? I saw them. They're just down the street from
my house. I wonder if you've heard of any of these games or whatever. And I was like,
I haven't heard anything. But yeah, apparently ClickNation, they will be joining with Bioware
and EA. I guess they're saying it's an opportunity to realize our vision for bringing high-quality
RPG titles to a fast-growing, highly-engaged, core gamer crowd. And they're also planning
on bringing stuff to social platforms like Facebook and stuff. So maybe seeing Bioware
games on Facebook. Well, you already have the Dragon Age game that's out there on, well
I haven't seen it on Google+, but I imagine it's on Facebook too. Yeah, so more like that
type of game on, you know, cause that's kind of what they're working on, that kind of stuff.
And so it's Bioware Sacramento now, that's kind of cool. Yeah, cause that's where we,
if you didn't know, that's where Orange Launch Radio is headquartered, is in Sacramento.
I did a little investigative journalism, if you will. I just wanted to figure out where
these guys were located. I wanted to know if they were downtown or if they were in the
suburb. Well, do you know where they are downtown? I found this fascinating. I actually, because
their address is on the website and I was like, I wonder if I know where it is. So I
Googled it and put it in the maps. Guess what they are next door to? The Depot. Oh, fun.
Do you know what the Depot is, our international audience? It's the Gay Bar downtown. The Gay
Bar. No, there's well that it's, it's right at the corner of the kind of where all the
gay bars are down there. So, uh, I think it's hilarious. Bioware Sacramento, Bioware is
now officially next door to a gay bar, which, you know, it's just whatever, but it's, it's
just kind of funny because, you know, especially Bioware has also been kind of one of the leading
companies in kind of breaking down that barrier and a lot of their storytelling too, you know,
obviously with Dragon Age and all that stuff. Um, Alan's tried and they've got positions
on the website and I think a lot of it's like design stuff too. So you really should. Yeah,
you should look into that. So in fact, we should, gosh, now there's like gaming companies
starting to pop up here. There's, there's us, there's Bioware Sacramento, there's the
Prima Games. People are actually here too. The strategy guys that come out of there.
We need to like have a, have a luncheon. I have a short luncheon. Hi two people. We need
to rent out the back room at the spaghetti factory, which is across the street from Bioware
Sacramento. Sacramento's not on the website yet. No, but they go to their old name, the
click nation or whatever it's on there. But a lot of that's probably changed. Oh yeah,
I applied with them before as click nation. Yeah. So there you go. A little more gaming
movie and moving into our backyard. That's pretty cool. Anyone all said and done? Yeah.
So good luck to them. I mean, I, I gotta admit, I'm not huge on the Facebook games, but you
know, especially with, here's where I could see kind of this going. You know, a lot of
people very excited about the old Republic, which Bioware is a part of. If they can find
the way to the magic sweet spot to really interface that with Facebook, I think there'll
be a step ahead of Warcraft because World of Warcraft, you know, yeah, they've kind
of tried Facebook apps, but they're not that great. They just kind of published like, Hey,
my character got this achievement and Hey, look at this 3d model of my character. And
it always seems to break whenever there's new patch. So, you know, Blizzard has not
been interfacing with Facebook very well. So this is a chance where Bioware could maybe
get a step up. So who knows that these will be the guys to do it or not. So pretty cool.
Fun stuff going on in the backyard. All right. Um, moving on. Lots of reports coming out
of black Friday sales. Of course, black Friday is what we call the day after Thanksgiving
here in the U S because there are a lot of crazy sales that happen around that day. And
now some of the sales numbers are in apparently and Loki will love this. Uh, following up
with the rants, he was just saying there, Nintendo of America in an interview with USA
today mentioned that super Mario 3d land has become the fastest selling portable Mario
game ever. Wait a minute. How many portable Mario games have there been? There was Mario
land on the game boy. There was, yeah, but those are all rehashes. They never really
did a proper Mario game on the advance specifically made for the advance. Did they, they don't
think they're going to count that anyway. Yeah. Mario Kart. Yeah. So I don't know. Anyway,
so whatever it is, the fastest selling game ever. It moved half a million copies since
November 13th. 3ds system sales are, are up way up to system sales up 325% for the week
of November 20th. Yeah, that helps when no one was buying your system to begin with.
The we had its biggest black Friday ever. Half a million systems sold on black Friday
alone. They needed that cause they were not selling well at all. The legend is Zelda skyward
sword 535,000 copies. Fastest selling Zelda in history. There you go. Lots of stuff coming
out of Nintendo, Microsoft having a lot of good stuff too. They moved almost a million
Xbox three sixties on the week of black Friday. They don't say specifically back Friday, but
like just under a million three sixties, 750,000 connects that same week. I I'm kind of surprised
that the connect had such a huge year. There really doesn't seem to be a lot going on the
connect right now except maybe like Dan central twos. There's a lot of games out for the connect
though. A lot of games out. A lot of, not a lot of good games, but a lot of games are
out, but there's some good stuff. I had to giggle the other day when I was on the Xbox
website because they're like connect for core like as in hardcore gamers and they have like
a picture of four zone there. I'm like because it is head tracking has some voice commands
that's hardly connect game and just dance three, which is a connect game, but this is
a franchise that was really popular on the we between November 20th and 26 just dance
three sold 700,000 copies. Lots Abba. You can dance. No, uh, no, uh, sales figures on that
just right now, but I'm telling you, I didn't talk about that game the other week. Oh, it's
fabulous. Oh, Rob, dark soccer. Watched me play Abba. You can dance on the way and I
got to say the gayest thing I've ever seen. There was a song. It's really something. There
was a song. You got it. You got to see it. You got to have a ballerina. Yeah. And Rob
was trying to go in point. You literally do ballerina dances to one of the songs and he
has like a little ballerina on the screen. So you have to kind of do a little ballerina
dance. Hilarious. Um, I think it was the winner takes it all or something. It was Fernando.
Maybe I don't know. Whatever. Yeah, no, it was the winner takes it all. I think cause
it's a slow song. You know, I had to do the hand sweepy thing. Yeah. Yeah. Anyhow. Oh
God. That was, I have, why isn't Abba you can dance on connect? Anyway, blurry photos
of Rob that better not end up on the internet. I will destroy you. I'm going to call you
dance. Squatch. All right. You know, cause every picture of the Sasquatch is blurry.
Shush. All right. Uh, let's move on with some release dates. We're going to travel around
the world and check out games coming out soon. Although it's probably dried up quite a bit
moving past black Friday now. Uh, yeah, it's usually, uh, December is quite a dead month.
In fact, this is probably the biggest week of December and the rest of the weeks are
probably going to be just a couple titles. But this week we had a Mario Kart seven. Well
today that's on the three DS fortune street coming out on the Wii this week. Uh, Jaws
ultimate predator on the Wii and three DS face racers photo finish on the three DS nano
assault on the three DS. Uh, Ubisoft is releasing their own tablet thing to compete with you.
Draw the draw some tablet that's coming out. Yeah, it's, it's awesome. Um, outdoors unleashed
Africa and Alaska coming out on three DS, uh, just dance three on the PlayStation three
finally coming out for the PlayStation move. The adventures of Tintin the game on Xbox
three 60 PlayStation three we and the three DS. No one Kirk her. I care about 10, 10 bar.
Just know the game will be garbage. It's the game doesn't look like garbage. It's actually
kind of a neat little adventure game. Just not talking about what a, whoa, whoa, whoa,
wait, wait. Interruption. Amiga seven seven seven says it's been reported that for me
to confirm to connect, we make a blue stinger formula one 2011 for the three DS, the Oregon
trail for the Wii and three DS this week. Hell yeah. And, uh, I think my we died of
dysentery actually. I believe that is it. All right, then let's move on to Japan and
talk about the Japanese release dates and things you have to look forward to over there
this week on December the eighth on the Xbox three 60 Dragon Ball Z ultimate blast connect
Disneyland adventures. Michael Jackson, the experience, boy, that game has been out here
a while, but you're finally getting in Japan this week in regular and limited editions
and the elder scrolls. Skyrim comes out in Japan this week. I can't imagine they've localized
everything, but maybe they've taken care of some of the, uh, you know, menus and things.
I don't know, but that's, um, interesting. They are bringing that out in Japan. Um, by
the way, next week, huge release final fantasy 13 to this is Japan again. I know we're getting
it early next year. PlayStation three on December the eighth beyond the future fix the time
arrow in regular limited edition Dragon Ball Z ultimate blast. Michael Jackson, the experience
need for speed, the run Japan's edition as well as the elder scrolls Skyrim there as
well. I actually did all the voice acting stuff in Japanese. Did they really? Yeah,
they have a lot. They have a trailer that shows it there. It was one, I think it was
on Kotaku. They were saying, which trailer is most or which language trailer is the most
epic? And they had a Japanese and German and French and whole bunch of stuff. Um, I'm just
trying, I'm searching the YouTube's right now. Let's see the elder scrolls five Skyrim
Japan trailer. I better not get trolled with this YouTube link. Let's see. We are live
folks. Let's see. I'm feeling moved already. I don't know about you guys. There's not a
lot of talking.
God, this game is really good. I actually do have to say that that's an example of the
Japanese voice acting. It sounds really good. They could be reading this in pig Latin and
I would still be like, this game is so fucking epic. Anyway, I'm not going to play the entire
thing, but there you go. Wow. I wouldn't have thought they'd be able to do it that fast.
So props to them. That's really something else. All right. Also on the PlayStation three
this week, wizardry perfect pack comes out this week. That's a role playing game. I wonder
if that ties into the old ass wizardry series for back in the day. It probably does. Um,
let's see on other systems, the PlayStation Vita not out just yet. That is December 17th,
but otherwise anything on the Wii this week, Mario and Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic
games and Michael Jackson, the experience and need for speed. The run, all the versions
on the Wii are out this week as well. Let me check the 3ds lastly real quick. Ah, world
soccer winning 11 2012 soccer games are usually pretty big over there and looks like on a
special release day, the 10th of December, this might be slightly a big G big deal. Monster
Hunter 3g. That's right. The Monster Hunter 3ds game is out. People are going to be piled
outside waiting for it. That's slightly a big deal who will be in line. Yeah. Freaking
Monster Hunter. All right. Two games in the UK. All right. What on the ninth dizzy Prince
of yolk folk on the iPhone and Android and just dance three for PlayStation three. There
you go. All right. Dark soccer. More gaming news please. Well, um, I don't know if Alan
knows about this. He does. I trolled him with it already. Well, a valve employee was spotted
wearing a half-life three shirt and the person that took the picture, um, John Donna, I think
is how it's pronounced. Um, took, asked permission to take the picture too and put it on his
Twitter. So, um, it's a big half-life logo with the three. Yeah. I want to create an
actual shirt that has half-life four on it. Just saying that, you know, um, here's the
thing is that a lot of people are going like, OMG and rightfully so like this game needs
to just fucking happen already. But at the same time, valve is totally not above trolling
people and like this whole thing could be kind of fake and trolling. But, um, I hope
it's true. I know it would make the person I live with extremely happy if it is true.
Um, but, uh, the problem is it could also be a joke. So I mean, is this something that
valve would have to wait all the way to E3 to announce or they probably would want to
show off the new engine obviously because it would, it would be a new engine. So I imagine
I guess if it's real, maybe, maybe something early next year. Cause you know, what else
is valve working on right now that we know of the dota game? That's about whatever. Yeah.
I'm going to put a picture up on our tumbler. All right. And a salacious pop or Alan is
in our chat right now saying shaking and crying, shaking and crying. I'm there with, I hope
it's true. I, I, a lot of people, if it's true, then I'll need new underwear. All right.
Valve tried to give us all a little bit of warning. All right. Uh, Loki. All right. Um,
so let's see here. This is a kind of a annoying, I guess. You remember how some of these publishers
are doing online passes? Well, EA being the first out of the gate with the whole online
passing as part of their project. $10. Well, there's a little something, something that
they forgot to mention to you that's in the end user license agreements. You may not have
seen those online passes can expire. That's right. Um, apparently there is a guy that
was, um, part of the, uh, new, uh, games are fun, uh, forum. And he posted that his copy
of EA's, uh, need for speed hot pursuit contained the online pass that was expired blocking
him from accessing, or accessing online content. And, uh, I guess there's a bunch of the people
that were saying that they ran into the same problem. And, uh, EA, uh, actually came out
and said EA's online passes indeed expire for some new games, blocking buyers out of
online content until they download a new pass or attain one from EA directly. Um, and it
apparently is as a rule, no online pass should expire, but a few titles will have a time
limit on their use, even new purchases. Um, and dragon H2 for example, has an online pass
that expires March 31st, 2012. Um, and I guess according to their, uh, license agreement,
it's actually listed in there and says redownloading or getting a new pass is free. EA said, I'm
not sure if that means that they have to buy a new pass or if they just redownload the
old pass and it somehow changes the date or something. Um, and it's weird though that
they have, you know, they have this in the first place. Why, why even make these expired
to begin with? I don't understand why they would do that. Wait for it. Wait for it. Do
I really need to say anything else? I mean, yeah, I just, I just don't understand why,
why they would do that in the first place. I mean, that would be like, for example, if
you bought download content, any download content for any game, because technically
these passes act like download content and it expires. Hey, hey, you know, you like playing
that Skyrim DLC. Hope you finished all your quests in it because it's expired. Unfortunately,
we made it out of meat. It's no good anymore. You can't consume this download content. You
will get sick. I mean, it's just it. I know. I know. I, what else needs to be said? It's
just one of those things where it's like this whole system is flawed and we keep getting
punished over and over again. And it's like, when is this shit going to stop? Oh, and they
even said that apparently, uh, Mass Effect 2 has the same thing and even says on the
actual card, it says, uh, the, was it the service network, whatever, um, activation.
And it says it's code expires January 1st, 2012. So if you're planning on buying Mass
Effect 2, I hope you use that code already. SMH. That's all I have to say. SMH. Moving
on. You know, wait, no, not moving on. You know, in California we have this law and I
think some other states have it too. And so federal has certain protections about it.
But like, like if you buy a gift card, like let's say I get Loki a $25 gift certificate
to the movie theater for his birthday. Okay. And he never uses it, but like three years
later he finds it. It's still worth $25. They can't deduct fees. They, if he wants to take
it in for certain amounts, I think it's like up to 10 or $25. He can actually go in and
say, I want the cash back. Then they have to give him the money for it. Like they have
to do that. So, um, it's really interesting to me that gaming companies have found a loophole
kind of around this where things can't, that are worth money like this can expire. I'm
going to tell you something else though. In the state of California, gift cards don't
expire. Oh yeah, yeah. So why is this stuff expire? I don't think it actually legally
would be able to in the state. They're not, see, but there's, it's not real money, quote
unquote. The online pass technically has no value. It does and it doesn't. It's, it's,
to me it seems like a legal loophole. The piece of paper doesn't have any value to it,
but you've still bought the pass. You've still bought the card, but you didn't really buy
the pass. It was included with your new game. It still has a monetary value attached to
it. They're not, it's nothing that's going to be a game has a monetary value. The past
actually does have a monetary value. You didn't buy the game. Let's, I don't agree. I don't
agree with what I'm saying. I'm just being there. No, but it's nothing that would stand.
Let's just look at it this way. Okay. What is, what are these passes trying to prevent
anyways? Piracy and use game sales. Okay. That's what they're, they're trying to prevent
with these things. What are they encouraging with all this stuff expiring piracy and use
game piracy? No. Well, here's the thing though. Pirates, I'm telling you pirates, it's not
a big deal because guess what? Pirates can download DLC for goddamn free and any of these
online passes that you happen to throw in their way. Guess what? You can download any
DLC for free. Now granted, if, you know, Mass Effect 2 or whatever, that's not a big deal.
And you can't play online with, you know, a JTAG system or something like that, but
you can download all the download content. For example, Saints Row the Third. If you're
ever so inclined, you can download their online pass and you can system link with a friend
that may have, you know, a pirated copy of that as well because you both have a version
of that online pass download content that works just fine. Of course, legitimate consumers
that say maybe don't have internet access, you're fucked because guess what? THQ wants
to save some money and stop pirates, but really they're not because no one cares. Or they
can just get the stuff so readily available that it's not really an obstacle. It's just
a little minor inconvenience, I guess. I mean, and does it stop some use game sales? Maybe
it does. I think this stuff, you know, hiding it in the end user license agreement or in
tiny, tiny, tiny text in the back of a manual or on the bottom of a box or something like
that. It's not the way to go about it. I mean, if you bought this game used, let's say someone
decides to go buy Mass Effect 2 in January. Let's say they go and buy it in January and
they got this code, hey, sweet, I can get this free download content. And you go put
it in, code invalid, it's expired. I mean, when they kind of leave a little sour taste
in your mouth, wouldn't you think twice before buying a EA product again? And let's just
say they bought it. Brand new, because I mean, I'm sure Mass Effect 2 is still being sold.
Hell, Mass Effect 3 isn't out yet and people may want to get in on the Mass Effect 2 franchise.
I mean, that would kind of annoy me. That would be like, maybe, what? Well, you should
have been more of a fan of the game and bought it earlier. I mean, thanks. What I think it
comes down to, actually, though, Rob, is you see they probably have a scheduled plan of
when they're going to drop prices of these things and you see they work in the price
of, okay, we're going to get these people to buy the game for $60. Oh, now we're going
to drop it down to $20 and we're going to take the download vote.
No, not, I think you're giving them too much credit, actually. I think you're giving them
too much credit to plan ahead. I think that's exactly what happened here is that people
didn't plan ahead. And I think that's what's really happening here is somebody put the
cart before the horse and implemented this whole thing before they thought about, well,
what about when these things expire? And then when that point came up, somebody just said,
ah, fuck them. So that's what happens in boardrooms across America. Fuck them. Moving on, Verizon.
I wanted to say fuck them too. Well, maybe, hopefully you feel a little better about Verizon,
but if not, well, fuck them too. But maybe this will make you feel a lot better about
Verizon because this sounds like it could be interesting. You know that whole streaming
TV stuff that's coming to the Xbox 360. Well, Verizon FiOS, I don't know what that is because
we don't have this here. I'm assuming that's kind of like AT&T U-verse.
It's FiOS. It's fiber optic. Okay. Well, if you have this, you will be getting 26 channels
from this to your Xbox 360. If you are an Xbox Live Gold member and you already get
the FiOS TV and internet service. So in other words, as long as you could just turn on your
TV and get these channels, now you can pump them through your 360 as long as you have
gold as well. And you'll get 26 of the channels. I'm not sure I understand why this is awesome,
but everybody's reporting on it anyway. No, I'm with you because I, as far as, you know,
you can use voice and gesture commands through your Kinect. I don't care. That's something
your TV can't do. Once again, Xbox P break. Once again, why do I need to do that? Okay.
I'm telling you in a race of reflexes, I'm sure I can hit the pause button on my remote
faster than someone can say pause. I mean, I'm sure there's a fraction of a second difference
there. Xbox pause. Did you ask for a puppy? No. Xbox pause. You want to watch jaws? Xbox
pause. It's just cannot identify you. Please face sensor. You're not old enough to watch
this programming. Here's the thing. I was excited about the whole TV service stuff for
stuff in addition to my cable company. Or like, for example, say if I'm ever so inclined
to get rid of cable and watch programming through their service, what's the point? If
I have to have cable to watch TV, I'm going to do it without an Xbox. I don't need to
buy an Xbox subscription to watch TV. Chat room to the rescue. The show where every gamer
has a voice. Here's the first legitimate purpose I see for this. Alpha Kinetogram in the chat.
If so, you can use your 360 as a spare cable TV box and not have to rent another one. Something
for the kids room. Loki, would he retort? I can just get another box and okay, that's
great. That's great. We can do that, I suppose. Um, but at the same time, I mean, I only watch
TV in one room. I don't need that. What about when Josh is 15 and wants his own damn TV
in his room? Then he can watch TV in his room because by then I'm sure we'll have something
better than the Xbox streaming. Shit, if we're still fucking using the Xbox 360 to stream
cable, we got a problem. I mean, hell, you can, you can get like dish installed like
four receivers or whatever. I'm not going to do that. Like they always say, but we could
install these receivers for you to watch TV in a bunch of different rooms. Like I'm only
one person. I can watch TV in one room at a time. I don't need four receivers. Why am
I going to want, Hey wife, I'm going to watch TV in a room that you're not in for some reason.
Yeah. You know what? I have the internet. Fuck receivers. I'm already paying for a high
speed internet. That's my DVR. I can watch shit whenever I want on any system. And I
like how they have it where you can watch stuff on your like iPod and stuff like, well,
first off, I'm not going to squint my eyes that small till then you'll watch TV show
on my iPod. But um, yeah, it's kind of cool that they have it. Now if I could use my Xbox
360 as a DVR to DVR those programs and watch them later on, then yes, that would be an
added value. That would be fucking awesome. But they're not going to do that because then
that means cable company doesn't get money. Um, so they're of course not going to do that.
So watching channels that I already can fucking watch on TV is no big deal. Now here's the
thing though that would interest me is if they're in HD because I currently don't pay
for the HD package because I chose to go the route. I was actually going to go the route
of no cable, but they said, Hey, for $2 extra, we can give you cable. And I'm like, okay,
two bucks. I can do that. $2. But it's actually, it's the additional stuff on top of like channels
that are not on my TV that I'm interested in. Like if they have like gaming channels
or something like ESPN Ocho, the Ocho. Now if they have additional stuff, that's kind
of what I'm interested in as far as like the stuff that's offered from Verizon or dish
or direct TV or whatever. Maybe a real gaming network about the console that's currently
powered on. How about that? Wouldn't that be something? You know what? JD Ross major
now Ross is not working. Major. Major Nelson could get 30 minutes instead of just one.
Think about it. Could be the major Nelson hour majors could be the major Nelson channel.
Just camera fixed on major Nelson all day long majors mini series. Maybe dark Sakura.
We need another news story please. Um, animal crossing. This one's actually kind of different.
Yeah, they say that now, but um, you actually play as the mayor and you can customize your
town and you have a secretary. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Now I'm the mayor. Now you're
the mayor. Do people have to do what I say? Probably. You also have a secretary named
Shizu and uh, the character models have been made according to this a little bit more lifelike
so that you've got differences between the animals so you can customize quite a bit differently
too. And your clothes, you have tops and bottoms and boys can wear skirts. So now that I'm
the mayor, will I be able to evict Tom Nook? I wish. Well you have to deal with problems.
Like will all the animals like start occupying on your front lawn happen? We've got, am I
going to have to send out, um, Rossetti to mace the villagers of the town? Can I finish
my story? Hands on mayor. I'm going to take this shit in my own hand. Grab a shovel. Well,
hit the bug net. It's time to discipline people. Can I finish reading my story, Rob? No. Okay.
Rob shaking and crying. He's looking forward to this so much. I just wish somebody other
than Nintendo would make these games cause then they might be really funny. Well, you've
got a furniture shop where you can design your own cushions for your furniture. Uh,
you can make changes to your home exterior. You have fence posts, mailbox, basically
it's like the Sims with animals, but different. Uh, and the, the town's also bigger and has
a shopping mall and you have a huge beach and you can swim in the ocean. Ooh. And uh,
you can actually exchange house designs with people, um, through street pass, like a model
home. Look, you know what this means? And draw Cox on him. Uh, Oh, uh, Oh. These street
paths has left his store. He has a new job. He's the town's real estate agent. Oh, great.
Tom Nook's a little asshole, but no wonder the housing market's screwed. I just want
to the KK to be awesome in it forever. Tom Nook's foreclosing on people all over animal
crossing. Occupy Nooks. I'm just like, really? I'm switching to a really design your own
couch cushions. I don't fucking care. Well, I'm looking, Oh wow. You actually, your, your
little character looks a lot different. I thought those real people were like, Oh, that's
realistic. Some Japanese dude know what sad is they're trapped in your little town and
they have to sing and dance for you to get out. I'm looking at this little thing, which
I really shouldn't be, but I'm looking at it. Oh wait. Hey, I can look at it and then
the audio will play all over the feed for everybody to hear. That'll be fun. Let's see.
Pull up the link here. Oh, it's all in Japanese. That's okay. We had a Japanese trailer earlier.
Oh wow. The people actually do look quite a bit different. The little, the little characters.
I mean the animals. This is kind of boring. When do we see the people? It's like peppered
throughout the video. All right. That video is about as exciting as animal crossing is
on the second day. Hey. All right. I'm probably going to get it in a 3DS. Let's move on. Loki.
Um, well unfortunately it is the end of game pro. Um, they're going to cease publication
altogether just right after the decision to go quarterly. It will be their last issue
and uh, basically the website is shutting down tomorrow on the fifth and um, they're
done. So, uh, can I say something about that real quick? Yeah. Now I saw a lot of people
on Twitter kind of eulogizing this, which I completely understand you. I remember reading
game pro magazine when I was younger and it was, you know, one of the ways to get gaming
news and so forth. And I do kind of feel bad for the people that lost their jobs and so
forth through this because, you know, I bet a lot of these people probably read those
magazines growing up and really had a dream of working at game pro or working at a game
magazine and they got that and then, oh shit, it all changed. And now, you know, the job's
not there anymore that they wanted. I can see that's gotta be really depressing and
so forth. And there's a lot of people online kind of eulogizing game pro saying, can't
believe this happened. It's, it's sad that this happened. And I'm just thinking if everybody
that was eulogizing game pro actually bought the magazine or went to the website, it's
probably wouldn't have happened. You know, that make me a bitch for thinking that I was
in the store today. Oh, you're a bitch anyway. I was in the store today and I was walking
down the magazine aisle and I saw PC gamers sitting there. PC gamer. I used to buy it
all the time cause they'd have CDs full of demos and all this shit. PC gamer. I, as far
as I could tell, flipping through the magazine, no CD or DVD to be had whatsoever. $8.99 for
that fucking magazine. Fuck that. That's why I'm not buying magazines because they're too
goddamn expensive. And game pro, yeah, you know, um, it was great back in the day when
the internet wasn't around. Unfortunately now everything is digital and print magazines
unless you're owned by a big game store, an evil G store. Um, then you're not going to
do that well, unfortunately, because exclusives, you really have to buy them or somehow leverage
them out of these companies. And most of the stuff, you know, that may be in your magazines
already a month old by the time, you know, everything goes around. It's tough. You gotta
figure out content to put in there that doesn't require the time sensitive material. And that's
tough because that's what people want. That's why retro gamers are great magazine cause
you're not expecting to see new stuff in there. So anyhow, um, interesting comment from Game
Guru in the chat room. I checked the magazine rack at my grocery store and there was no
gaming magazine besides PC gamer. See my favorite magazine right now is actually, um, retro
gamer. It's a British magazine. That's all old video games. The one I just mentioned.
Retro gamer is a very, okay. And keep in mind my, my career, what I'm going to make a career
of is print publication. And I like seeing a magazine where they put time and effort
into it printed on nice glossy stock. Not to be Debbie Downer, but this news should
warn you it's going to be rough. I know. I got to tell you guys about this gaming magazine
that I've been reading and it's pretty cool because you'll never see really new games
in there. It's a magazine called retro gamer. I don't know if you've heard of it. Shut up.
All right. All right. Um, another thing that unfortunately went by the wayside as well.
Um, the website game set watch is ending its six year run. Um, basically what's going on
there is, um, they're basically stopping because they're having a lot of overlap with their
sister site, indie games.com. And so they're just saying, you know, in terms of some of
the best material out there is being indie related. Uh, they're just going to kind of
focus mainly on indie games.com. Also mainstream game blogs are doing much better job nowadays,
including the weirder and alt links and among the other gaming news. Yeah, I think a lot
of these gaming websites, to be honest nowadays are just including all these bizarro stuff.
Oh, hey, one game blog covered it. Let me cover it as well. And I mean, Kotaku, I read
you daily and joystick, you know, um, Kotaku. I mean, seriously, some of your editors, I
don't need to see every goddamn Skyrim video that you think is funny. Uh, you know, how
many videos can I watch? Someone's spawning cheese and having to roll it down a Hill.
I mean, yeah, it's funny. The first time it's funny, but I don't, I don't need to see that
every single time. But, um, you know, I, I, I don't know. Yeah, there's a lot of, a lot
of sites out there for getting your news kind of one of the reasons why I just, you know,
why we don't really cover a lot of the news because I mean, really do you need another
source for, you know, website? No, we do talk about news, but just what we do is to have
some play. I have some walls. I mean, it once again, it's, it's all about, you know, hey,
we all have day jobs, um, it in our own lives and stuff. I mean, it's, once again, it's,
we're not going to be there, you know, right away unless we have some sort of scoop on
something, which is not very often cause we're not doing this professionally. Um, that it's
impossible for, you know, anybody to try to keep up with these sites because these sites
are run by multiple people, lots of people, whole staffs and stuff like that. And we're
just a few people and we just can't do it. So we concede. All right. Uh, moving on. Since
Loki talked about, uh, how much he, uh, it gets sees a Skyrim information over saturating
the internet. Let's talk about Skyrim and a Skyrim had a 1.2 update that rolled out
this week. A PlayStation three, X-Box three 60 and PC. And apparently, Oh, not doing too
good. It's, it's kind of buggy. A lot of users are reporting. Various issues are going on
with the game. Uh, apparently the game now doesn't recognize magic resistance. That could
be an issue. Think about it. Yeah. The bug list is quite funny actually down the bottom
there. Uh, this, this here unofficial bug list. Oh, let me look at that. Just mentioning
some of the things. All right, let's look at this. Oh, is this like, Oh, something.
Somebody actually posted this on their own forums. Good Lord. Well, it's actually the
Bethesda forums. Yes. Yeah. But this isn't Bethesda that posted this. It's an unofficial
list. Yikes. Let's see. The dark brotherhood. Cal does not show a face mask. Only seems
to work for females, but doesn't show up for males. Hmm. Um, Oh, what, where's the funny
stuff? Well, character's getting stuck running. Um, you know, well obviously the, uh, resistance
is not being there. Uh, dragons flame backwards or erratic destruction. Trainers are not letting
me train. Markarth guards always try to arrest the player. Invisibility is being undone by
the shadow warrior perk for sworn conspiracy when going back to meet L tree players sometimes
finds him dead. Oh, uh, this is a funny one. Uh, uh, one of my, uh, coworkers was telling
me about, uh, he was playing and I guess one of his followers died. I think it might've
been Lydia. Um, cause she's the first, like, well, not really the first floor, but the,
the one you get appointed to by the URL. And, um, so apparently she got smashed by a troll
or a giant. She got smashed by a giant. Well, she didn't die. She kind of resurrected herself,
but she was still flat. And so she slipped around like a snake for about eight hours
in game. And then he was telling me also later on the game, like another person had died.
And so he's getting married or whatever. And like everybody keeps like walking in there.
This is just an outrage. This is disgusting. This bride keeps like storming off and stuff
like that. He's kept reloading and seems like, what the hell is going on? I can't fucking
understand what's going on. Looks down. There's the corpse of the person that died like days
ago and just like somehow teleported to your wedding. He wanted to come see it. But yeah,
I remember one of the patch bugs was like preventing people that have died from appearing
at your wedding dead. That's always a bummer. Um, I guess dragons are flying backwards.
That's another big thing that's going on right now. That's great. Well, Bethesda has come
out and said, you know, we, uh, promised to be more careful with patches in the future.
And my friend put up a video, by the way, of finding a monk, a dead monk in a jail cell,
except he looked like he was, uh, spasming all over the place. All right. LOL. Skyrim's
buggy. We get it. Let's move on to when games weren't so goddamn buggy. I mean, as great
as the game of Skyrim is, geez, it's kind of buggy. And, uh, you know, we didn't remember
when they couldn't patch games. Remember when games had to be perfect when they were sold?
Oh, you mean like on the Wii? And if you were gonna, if you were gonna patch him, you just
released a new game. We're going to take a step back to simpler times. Maybe it's a Wii
game this week, apparently, since now that's a classic gaming system. It's not a Wii game.
It's a classic game of the week. The classic game is a game that I've actually done the
full version of before, but I haven't done this specifically. So fuck it, I'm doing Christmas
Nights. It's my family tradition, dammit. So, um, basically, you, you know, fly around,
collect balls, put them in the idea cap, uh, machine, and go fight a boss. Yay. What? Nothing.
Just the way you described that just now reminded me of that South Park episode with the manatees
that put the balls in for the, you know, the family guy jokes. I never saw it. Sorry. Anyway,
with Christmas Nights, it was actually a special freebie that was released in December, 1986
in Japan. It came with this Christmas Saturn bundle. And everywhere else, it was given
away with a purchase of certain games like Daytona USA Championship Circuit Edition and
was bundled with Sega Saturn Magazine, Game Players, and Net Generation Magazine. Um,
it actually, though, um, if you got the magazine, the Sega Saturn Magazine version, it didn't
have a slip cover. It just had a, a transparent one. Um, but it has its own, like, little
special cover. In Japan, though, my friend has the Japanese version of this. It got its
own jewel case and everything. Sucks. So with this one, um, it has the full version of,
um, one of Claris' levels, Spring Valley. Um, but both Claris and Elliot can play through
it. Um, Elliot couldn't in the full game. And he has a different layout than Claris'
one. This is actually a little harder. So basically, um, the way the story goes is that
they, uh, notice that something is missing and it's the star off the Christmas tree in
the center of town. So they go into Mytopia to find it and look up at nights and do stuff.
Um, at any rate, um, it uses the Saturn's clock to change modes in it. Um, in November
and January, the title says Nights Limited Edition. Well, it did say Nights Limited Edition,
but it changed to Winter Nights. In December, it becomes Christmas Nights. Um, and then
the entire, uh, area that you go through instead of being all springtimey turns into wintry
places. And the Nightopians wear elf costumes and Christmas trees instead of the idea capture.
Um, you have, uh, presents everywhere. The music, as you can hear, is like a different
version of Jingle Bells. Can you turn it up a little bit, Rob?
There's also, um, the other changes in the game. Um, well, you also do have to fight
the, um, the boss, which is Gilling from, of course, the last one, and save the star
from his lair, which is actually attached to his butt. And it's really fun and cool.
Now, the other neat stuff that happens is that, um, the weather in Spring Valley will
change depending on the hour. And then you've got changes on New Year's Day and April Fool's
Day, where instead of playing Nights, you play as Diala, which is pretty cool. It also
has a ton of hidden goodies in it. Like, one of the things that we unlocked last night was,
um, the trailer from Tokyo Game Show in 1996 when the game came out. Um, they call it Christmas
presents mode. You get, like, a time attack. You can get a special Link challenge. And
you also get a special level called Sonic the Hedgehog and the Dreams. So, Sonic goes
through Spring Valley on foot. And, um, you fight, uh, a bouncy ball version of Robotnik
slash Eggman. And the music is a remixed version of Final Fever, which was the final boss music
from the Japanese and European version of Sonic CD. As I'm sure I've mentioned before,
they changed the US music. So, it's really neat. It's got lots of fun little stuff in it.
You know, there's even a karaoke mode, which you can sing the little theme song. And it's
really fun. So, it was a freebie, which was even better. So, this is back in the day when,
you know, they would do nice shit for us. Don't you remember? I do. So, that's your classic game,
Mr. Christmas Nights. Ho, ho, ho. There it is. Yeah, I love also children's books.
There you go. Yeah. Christmas Nights.
There it is, your classic game of the week. So, so time appropriate. I appreciate that.
We're going to take a quick break, guys. But when we come back, there's plenty more Orange
Laundry to come. We're going to talk about a brand new role-playing game that was announced
this past week. That's going to be, uh, Lolsy. Uh, a special email bag. Somebody managed to get
an email in anyway, even though the email's down. We'll explain how that worked in a little bit.
And another game going free to play. We're going to talk about all that when we come back with
more of Orange Lounge Radio. Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on
this Sunday evening, December the 4th of 2011 with the 437th episode of our show. This show's been
going on a long time. I just want to point out. Every time you say the 37, I want to go in a row.
Right. Yeah. So during the break, uh, the chatters were asking about, since we were talking about
Christmas nights before the break, kind of had people thinking about the holidays and some folks
were asking, are you guys doing a show on Christmas? And so we were sitting here thinking
like, well, Dark Sakura doesn't really do Christmas now. I mean, you do, but you don't. Well, it's kind
of like a non-issue thing, right? Dan and I do Christmas Eve. Okay. And, and then we'd go to
family stuff to eat free food. And we're doing stuff with, um, now Alan and I are doing stuff
with Alan's side of the family, but I don't know when that'll be done. We might be done by, I seem
to remember last year, we were kind of out of there about like four or five. So we'll see,
but I don't want to rush it. So I don't know if we're going to do a show on Christmas or not.
Probably not, but never say never. Right. So I suggested to Rob that we get Chinese food and
eat it live on air. It would be fun to do a Chinese food Christmas special, but you know,
we'll see. Um, anyhow, uh, we'll let you know a little closer to the date, but probably not you
guys. Um, the good news is the next week, uh, should be easy. So we'll have one week off for
the holidays and that should be it. Um, we'll let you know more about that in the next couple of
weeks. Cause believe it or not what Christmas is only about what three weeks away from today.
So yikes. All right. Jester Scott in our chat room says, take a day off peeps.
That's true. We deserve a day off. That's what we're getting for the holidays. A day off.
Let's go to Disneyland. Don't even tempt me. All right. We're going to get back into some more
gaming news. Uh, your calls coming up a little later on as well as your tweets. Make sure you
get your tweets in because especially since the email bag has been down this week, we're really
relying on your tweets. So get those into twitter.com slash O L R. We don't have quite as
much news this half of the show as we did in the first half of the show. So we definitely need your
calls and tweets tonight. So do we have a, do we have a work injury? What's going on? Dark Sockar
says she has a splinter. I have a splinter. All right, go do what you need to do. All right.
Loki will read some news. We'll take care of it. Loki, let's get back to some gaming news.
I'll do the news, I guess. Uh, so let's talk a little bit about
Zynga and apparently they were attempting to acquire Rovio, the creators of
a franchise with angry birds in it. Um, they were, apparently Rovio actually rejected an offer for
2.25 billion dollar acquisition from Zynga. So that's, that's a lot of pride right there.
Good for them. That's what I have to say. Good, good for them that they rejected that offer from
Zynga because, you know, Zynga is kind of not the, um, I don't know, Zynga is kind of like,
you know how Google says do no evil? Well, Zynga does evil. That's kind of what they do. And that's
what they do best is evil stuff like Facebook and all that stuff. So, so Loki, why don't you do one
more story since Dark Sockar's out of the room. Why don't you, um, tell us about that role playing
game that's coming out very soon. If you can load up the story here if it, if it'll work.
All right. Sweet. Um, let's talk a little bit about, uh, this is great. South Park, you know,
they've had a lot of, eh, okay games and then of course they have to go and, and Dark Sockar is
bleeding apparently. No, um, and now it's come out to say something nasty, but I didn't. Thank God.
I, I appreciate that you did not say I was going to take it there. And then I said, you know what,
I'm not going to take it there. Um, you know, that would explain a lot about why she's so upset.
Uh, yeah. You know what? I know that Alan would really like for you to come home. Eventually
South Park. You were saying South Park. Uh, they have a, well, they have an Xbox live arcade game.
The, uh, the kind of side scroller co-op game, the South Park's Tenorman's Revenge, which is coming
out a little bit later on, but this isn't what we're talking about. We're talking about what was
revealed from the new cover of Game Informer. Once again, a magazine that's owned by a big company
that can get exclusives when no one else can. Um, they have a new South Park game. Get the covers
already on the internet before it's in your mailbox. Well, they, they pimp that out usually
early on the Game Informer site. Um, they have a new RPG coming from Obsidian, the folks behind
the latest, uh, Fallout New Vegas. And, uh, it is going to be an RPG. And, uh, of course,
all 2D and everything. Um, it's supposed to be released second half of 2012 on Xbox 360,
PlayStation 3, and PC. And, uh, what's kind of cool about it though is they also have, uh,
some details out about it. Including that, well, first off, the game is supposed to be about
you fitting in, I guess. And they're gonna have, you know, different characters that'll be
completely customizable. Um, also you'll be able to, you know, choose different classes and stuff
like that. Um, and, uh, I think it's pretty awesome looking. They're saying it's gonna
combine, like, a bunch of different things. The combat system will mirror Paper Mario.
Uh, the weapon augmentation will kind of be inspired by Final Fantasy's Materia system from
7. Um, also they're saying that, of course, the entire game's gonna be 2D. Um, or at least look
hand drawn, I guess. I gotta say I'm a little worried though because the other South Park games
that have come out today have been kind of crappy. Granted, this is a new company doing this. Like,
who did the Nintendo 64 one? That was a claim, like, back in the day, wasn't it? And that one,
that was that first person shooter. It really wasn't that good. So, I mean, you know, there's
been, and there's been, like, Xbox Live arcade games, like, you know, there was the Let's Play
Tower Defense and all this. But there haven't been a lot of, like, really good South Park games. But
I think a lot of that is because Matt and Trey haven't really been involved. But it sounds like
they're involving themselves in this. Like, you know, some of the stuff I was reading about,
like, how they actually designed what the town square would look like. They gave feedback to the
designers. Like, the designers wanted to do, like, Ike got kidnapped as a wolf as, like,
a story in the game or something. And the creators are like, no. So, it's good that it has their
input. Yes. I don't know. I'm excited. I'd buy it. Yeah. I'll definitely check that out. I mean,
you know, the demo and so forth is very important. But it's so funny that South Park is still going
after all these years. I mean, it's kind of like The Simpsons too. God, The Simpsons has been on
forever. The Simpsons is still going. But making me feel old, South Park started my first year of
college. I was, what, 97 and it's still on the air. And people talk about, boy, South Park is so
old. Which means I'm so old. All right. Rob. What? I'm older than you. Oh, yeah, that's true.
All right. Moving on. There's always rumors about what is coming next on Microsoft's front. And this
isn't specifically about the Xbox loop. But this is about the Kinect 2. Which I could have sworn
we were talking about some of this last week. But for whatever reason... How are we talking about
Kinect for PC? I think so. But I guess some of the same shit's coming up all over again this week.
So, here's the deal. Apparently, Microsoft has some big plans for the next Kinect. And Kinect
2 is supposed to have improved motion tracking and voice recognition, which is to be expected,
right? A more high def camera is all you really need. And maybe a better microphone in there. I
don't know. Or a higher sound sampling. But apparently, it's gonna have some other technical
stuff in it as well. It's going to be able to read lips. It will be able to detect the direction
that you're facing and recognize your emotional state. It's a little bit creepy. Why are you so
sad? I'm not sad. Why are you sad? Yeah, that's what I need. My Xbox. Because I don't hear it
enough on Xbox Live, I now need the Xbox device itself to sit there and go, you mad? You mad? And
start teabagging me. That's exactly what I want my Xbox to do, IRL. Well, look, a lot of this is just
what? A lot of this is just higher resolution cameras in the device. The fact that it would
be able to read lips and sign language and all that isn't that much surprising. It was stuff
that they were talking about doing with the original one, but they didn't have high enough
camera resolution. It didn't have the power! But now it will have the power, I'm assuming,
if there's going to be a Kinect 2 or whatever with the Xbox lube whenever it comes out.
So apparently one of the reasons why it's going to be more powerful, it will not utilize USB,
and therefore it's not going to be hampered by the USB speeds.
This is why the Kinect right now is somewhat limited. So there you go.
You know, the lip reading thing though could be pretty amazing. I mean, especially for
what it could mean for disabled gamers and so forth, or folks, you know. It's going to be
really neat, I think. It's starting to feel like an Apple commercial now, like when they showed
FaceTime for the first time and how deaf people were using FaceTime to kind of have phone calls.
So it's pretty awesome. So it's going to be neat to see what the Kinect can kind of open up
in that regard. That's cool.
Yeah, very cool. It seems like it's really one of those cases where it's like,
the technology's here, it's just we're not ready to roll it out yet.
So there you go. All right, we're going to go to our email bag. Now, here's the thing.
We don't really have like a normal email address right now, but it will be back this week. I would
say after Wednesday, you should be good to send in your emails again, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
However, in the interim, I taped my other show, Hoard House, the best little Hoard House in
Azeroth, hoardhouse.com, a show all about World of Warcraft this morning. And one of our special
guests all the way from the other side of the pond, Sill, beat me on Skype and said,
I really want to send Orange Laundry to an email. And I said, well, we don't have an email right
now. She said, but I really want to send Orange Laundry to an email. I said, okay, send it to me
and I'll have Jamie read it. And yeah, I know the topic she's talking about tonight is one that we
kind of tried to avoid, but that's all right. It's where every gamer has a voice. Let's,
let's talk about it. It's Dark Soccer. Would you read the email please?
Hello guys. Where's my music?
We also, oh shit. That's right. You need mailbag music. We also love Sill and we'll do whatever
she wants. I mean, really at the end of the day, right?
Sill is my hero.
That's right.
Email.
Hello guys. I'm so sorry for what happened to the website and I hope it will be,
I'll be resolved quickly. Now I'm not sure if this has caught your eye just yet,
but it seriously made me facepalm and I'm not even giving anybody the address because
it's retarded. It's called Mario Kills Tanuki. It's on the PETA website. If you really want to
find it, find it. But I don't care.
It also was kind of all over the gaming community around the week before Thanksgiving. So
I think a lot of people heard of this.
I really hate how an organization, even if it is tongue in cheek, how they called it in the end,
points a finger to gamers and tell us that we are being influenced by games and how they rot our
inner beings and morals. I used to play Super Mario 3 and after playing that game, I never
felt the need to skin my cat or wear him like a hat. What is your feeling about what PETA did
here? I just can't see anyone becoming a fur lover because of a game unless Jamie is eyeing
up Shermie now and taking measurements. Then I haven't said anything. Love the show.
So first of all, Shermie.
Oh, the hell is that ringtone?
My friend Carly, her ringtone on my phone is bitches by mindless self-indulgence.
Okay. Um, apparently she doesn't realize I'm doing a show right now. So, um,
what I, what the fuck was I saying? Oh yeah. First of all, PETA is a bullshit company.
It's a bullshit organization. They put more animals to sleep,
or I should just say they murder more animals than they help. They're second in command.
Um, even though they say don't use any medicines that were a result of testing on animals, um,
they're, uh, second in their organization is a diabetic and uses animal derived insulin.
Just saying. Their main leader is a sociopath who, um, basically has stated that she would rather
all humanity die than have and have the world ruled by animals. So just throw that out there.
She's crazy. Oh, but animals are so fuzzy wuzzy.
No, she says that she wants all humans to die. Okay.
So, um, Ingrid Newman, I think is her name. So anyway, we've got this organization
that is clearly so poorly run and uses nothing but propaganda to fuel their agenda that are
we surprised at all that they're using more propaganda to get attention and strike at,
you know, basically their target age group, which is gamer age. You know,
they're trying to get, get them young, get them in our, our little bracket.
Cause we're really the ones that are going to be the movers and shakers in the world.
PETA makes so much money. PETA is smart. They are very smart
because they know that the gaming community is a very passionate community. This isn't the first
time they've done something like this and they know that they will get completely free
advertising for a very long time from doing something like this. I like how they kind of
went back on it and said, Oh, it's just a joke, but whatever they're like weird ass reasoning
was or whatever, an audience that usually wouldn't give this organization a second thought,
the majority of which probably this already wouldn't give him a second thought,
couldn't stop talking about it for several days because it was a very slow news period.
It was the week. We didn't, I remember when this came up because this week we didn't have
a show unexpectedly. Remember? So that's when this all kind of came up. So, you know,
PETA is very smart at what they're doing. And this is all part of a calculated plan to drive
more eyes to their site because it's kind of like a spammer. It's like you sit there in your inbox
and go, how many people really fall for these Nigerian print schemes or the, you won the lottery
or congratulations, you're really the million- Make it Asian boobs! You're really the millionth
visitor to this website and you really did win this. But if one person falls for it, then-
I wish I had not clicked the link because I hate, I delete every PETA link that's in my
every PETA link that's in my viewing history. No, seriously. They don't get, I do not give them
attention. Let me, what I think is interesting about Sil's email is what she's really framing
it as in that paragraph there is she says, I really hate how an organization can tell us that
we are being influenced by games. Yeah. I thought that was really important because that is not
unique to PETA. That is absolutely not unique to this organization. This is just the most recent
example of this is that there's a lot of people out there, including many people that run for
political office, mind you. This is far and above any organization. People that actually wield
actual power that think gamers are stupid. Gamers are easily influenced. Gamers care nothing about
more than about, you know, Red Bull and a high score in their video game or whatever it is.
You know, like there's a lot of ignorance out there in the political world for gamers when
the reality is, especially now, thanks to Facebook, guess what? We're all gamers.
And I think that's why you saw quite a backlash this time to what PETA was doing
as opposed to what they were doing before. When PETA made fun of what was it? Super Meat Boy was
one of the games they did before. They did a Cooking Mama one too. Most people don't know
Super Meat Boy. Most people don't know Cooking Mama. Everybody fucking knows Mario and especially
Mario 3. What person in their 20s or 30s or hell, even most teens that weren't born when this game
came out, what person under the age of 35 doesn't know Super Mario Brothers 3? Or older. I mean,
really. My mother played the game with me. Sure. Sure. You don't have to. But I'm just saying,
once you get above a certain age, you find more people that may truly not have known it because,
you know, video games, that's what the crazy kids are into. But if they're older and had kids,
they know it through their kids. You know? Because I knew plenty of my friends, their parents played
Mario with them. And that's why I think PETA had to come back and say, oh, we were just trolling
because people literally this time looked at him and went, no, no, no. I know this Mario game and
you're being stupid. Yeah. People wouldn't defend a game like Super Meat Boy or Cooking Mama like
that that they didn't know. But the public consciousness of Mario Brothers and the Tanooki
suit, like, here's the thing. And it still goes on in the email to say something like,
I used to play Super Mario 3 and after playing that game, I never felt the need to skin my cat
and wear him like a hat. But I think what a lot of kids, you know, as silly as that analogy is,
I think what a lot of kids did do, especially like, watch six and seven-year-olds when they
play. A lot of them are little freaks. And I mean that in a good way. But a lot of them will pretend
to be Tanooki Mario, like, oh, I'm flying or I'm a Tanooki statue. You know, they'll stay. I mean,
and you kind of look at them and you go, oh, kids are so dumb. But guess what? When you were six or
seven, you were that dumb. Yeah. So you didn't want to skin your cat. You just wanted to be
Tanooki Mario. Mario was your freaking hero. Sure me, baby. I'm not going to skin you,
but I will use you as socks. All I have to do is have her sit on my feet. Anyway. But anyway,
my point is that's why a lot of people, because that was our reaction to Mario was that I didn't
want to skin the cat. I wanted to be, I wanted to be a statue. I wanted the freaking Hammer
Brothers suit. I wanted to save the princess. You know, that's because we were six, seven,
whatever age when this game came out. I wanted to throw hammers at people. PETA, you're being dumb.
I wanted to throw hammers at people. So yeah, no, seriously. That was my point. Yeah. Well,
I actually did want to hop around in a giant shoe once, but, but I mean, now this could still
happen. We could still make that dream come true. By the way, Rob, you did bring up another point
that I would like to, um, to bring up to our listeners of voting age. Sure. And then I want
to go to the chat room. Okay. Um, the people with power are trying to make these decisions for us
and your, basically every time that you say, fuck it. Every time you say, I don't, I can't make a
difference or I don't feel like it. Every time you display, um, apathy, you're basically saying,
do whatever you want to. I don't care. That means the shit that's going on in the world right now,
right now that you're sitting back and bitching about is partly your fault because you didn't
vote for the people who need to make, who need to be the ones to make the change. You get enough
people off of their asses voting for the people that are going to make a difference using their
money wisely, actually making a difference in their own lives and their own communities.
We'll see change then. Very serious point and very much needed. And I think everybody better
make sure they vote or you can't complain about these like things like SOPA and things like that
because you elected these people. My third catch phrase then, because you know, my first one is
welcome to the fantasy zone and get ready. The system is only as good as the games that are on
it. And number three change doesn't happen until you make it happen. Well, I thought it was going
to be reject false icons, but that works. I stole from gorillas. All right. Fair enough. Um, I want
to technically, I stole the first one from space Harrier. Let me go to some lols from our chat room
because the chat room is bringing the lols and it's talking about Tanuki Mario. Uh, Kaijuto in
chat says I'm an adult and I still pretend I'm Tanuki Mario. Uh, DDR dollar bill says the only
time I pretend I'm in the raccoon suit is when I'm stoned. Um, let's see. Um, Tiger claw in our
chat says these politicians would rather these gamers play actual games outside than stay indoors.
Um, and also says PETA never complained about angry birds, a game where you slingshot birds
into buildings. All I have to say, wait. Yeah, but I have no respect for people who don't vote,
including my husband. Well, unless you're, you know, 17. Well, if you're a voting age,
and if you're a lazy ass, have them send your ballot to your house and then you mail it back in.
You know what that requires? Walking to the mailbox. All right. Act F says, sadly,
I don't live in the US. Well, I meant for people who live here, people who can vote,
people who have the, in your own country, if you live somewhere where you can vote,
your votes matter in your country, in your community, you make the difference in your own
damn community. Take some responsibility for what goes on in your life. The end. All right.
I think Dark Sakura is ready for the FUs of the week, or maybe she already did it. Let's use it
anyway. My FU goes to bones006 today. Um, who, uh, can't spell. What has an H in it. The word is
about, about, B-O-U-T is like a battle or a match. People have spelled P-E-O-P-L-E,
can't has an apostrophe in it and appeared. You are part of what is wrong with the country
and everybody else fucking vote. All right. Okay. Um, oh boy.
I guess I'd just say, uh, F-U-2 and not having more time to play Skyrim.
There's only so much time in the day. Uh, my FU of the week just goes to like being like
really, really busy and just, there is so much going on right now. And like, you know,
like somebody said to me last night, like, oh, boo, boo, you have the biggest problem that you
have too much on your social calendar to do, but I just, it can be exhausting and just, you know,
sometimes you have to kind of pick and choose what events you're going to go to and you don't
want to piss people off. It's just, uh, it's just rough. So F-U all that.
The holidays are about loving, damn it. I actually do have a little tiny one.
All right. People, um, F-U to everybody who says that Christmas isn't, is becoming less Christian
because it wasn't Christian to begin with. It was very, very, very, very pagan. The end.
Can't we all just get along? Oh, come on. It was about burning trees.
How is that not pagan? Did Jesus have fir trees in Nazareth?
No, cause fir trees didn't grow in Nazareth. No, but he could make water into wine.
He also wasn't, nevermind. Oh, so I have to, I have to say this. My mom, my mom tried to have
this argument with me and you were there for that. That's where the gay pie party came from.
She says, well, what would, how would you feel if they tried to take the menorah out of Hanukkah?
Um, Hanukkah was always Jewish. Um, yeah, that made no sense, mom.
Well, also the word menorah is not in Hanukkah. No, it's actually a menorah is a Hebrew word for
a candelabra. The technical term is a Hanukiah. So it is. How about some rapid fire gaming news?
Loki, you have a lot of news to talk to us about. We're going to quickly go through some stories.
Let's talk about Rhythm Heaven. It's coming to, uh, the Wii in the North America in February,
uh, Rhythm Heaven Fever. And, um, this was announced via Nintendo Power. So I would say
that's pretty legitimate. And, um, I hate the game to be honest. I played it on the DS, did not care
for Rhythm Heaven. Just not my thing. Some people are really into it though. Yeah. If you like
rhythm, I haven't played it enough. You like rhythm games and, um, by all means, uh, go ahead and check
it out. Of course, there was supposed to be a firmware update coming for the 3DS that would allow
you to shoot some 3D video. Yeah, that didn't quite make it out in time. It is scheduled though for
this week on December 8th. So you can look forward to that. And of course that will give you, uh, the
3D video recording functionality as well as new StreetPass games and the 3DS to 3DS transfer service
and DLC infrastructure so that you may be able to download DLC for titles later on. So more Mario
Kart tracks we can only hope. Um, Microsoft is accepting betas into Microsoft Flight. It is going
to be a brand new, um, Microsoft Flight sim. And, uh, of course, they haven't really unveiled too
many details for it yet, but hey, that might be kind of exciting for people that are fans of that
series. It's definitely popular. So, yeah, it'd be cool. And then of course, um, last but not least,
um, or actually this isn't even close to last year. I kind of thought that they already had something
like this, but it's still neat to see anyways. There's a new device out called the Supaboy. And
what the Supaboy does is allows you to play, uh, Super Nintendo cartridges, actual Super Nintendo
cartridges, on the go. It's one of those devices that you can play, um, it's like a handheld system
and also you can hook it up to your TV and actually plug in real Super Nintendo controllers to make
like a mini console of sorts. And so that's available for purchase as well. And, uh, actually,
I believe it's on Amazon. Let's see what this thing goes for here. Uh, 80 bucks. That's almost
cheaper. I think the buying Super Nintendo, but if you want to play, you know, something portable
without emulating and without actually hacking a console, there you go. That's the way to go about
it. Um, and then of course, let's see, this sounds all sorts of stupid, but EA has relaunched
Tetris on the iOS, uh, system or platform if you will, but there is a little issue with it. Um,
it's $30 a year and, um, you can basically, uh, thanks Apple for opening up the subscription
thing to everybody. Really appreciate that. Cause EA was ready to jump on that, weren't they?
Um, it does have some new features including, uh, galaxy mode and marathon one touch mode,
whatever that means. And also, um, it's been specifically designed for touch screen gameplay.
And of course, um, you can subscribe to the Teak Club, which offers exclusive access to new mobile
challenges. Um, you can snag a one month membership for $2.99 or you could drop $30 for a full year.
And of course the game costs you money anyways. It's 99 cents. I'll pass. Thank you very much.
Ditto. And then of course, uh, last but not least Lego Batman 2, um, it's going to be coming out
at some point. And what's kind of cool though is actually there's going to be some other
superheroes involved with it as well. Not just Batman. In fact, there's a little teaser showing,
um, Superman in there and also Lex Luthor in the background as well as, um, you know,
some other characters. So, uh, Batman, Lego Batman 2 super DC superheroes will be the new title,
I believe. And, uh, that'd be kind of neat. And also they're saying that they're expecting
that Green Lantern and Wonder Woman will appear in it as well. Looks cool. It's going to be hard
to compete with Arkham City though, even when you're Legos. Well, I understand that. And the Lego
games are pretty fun. Lego Batman wasn't bad. So, um, it'll be cool. All right. Um, another game is
going free to play. Another MMO has announced that they're going free to play, which usually means
it just didn't work with the subscription model. Um, EverQuest 2 is now gone for going free to
play, but here's the weird thing. Okay. EverQuest 2 kind of did a free to play thing already last
year. It was a browser based game called EverQuest 2 extended, but the rest of the game is now going
free to play on December 6th. Um, the offerings of, um, ever, excuse me, I'm going to sneeze in
a minute. Bless you. Oh, rude. My body faked me out. Have you ever had that happen? It's like,
I'm going to sneeze. I'm going to sneeze psych. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Great radio. Uh,
EverQuest 2 extended is now going to be folded into the rest of EverQuest 2 and there will be
free. There will be silver and there will be gold free members get just a little bit silver members,
which paid $5 or 500, uh, space bucks station point things per month. They get a little more.
And then if you're gold, you're paying the whole 15 a month. Well, you get everything.
So there you go. EverQuest 2, you can now check out. I wonder if it'll get the same reception that,
um, uh, DC universe did. I think EverQuest 2 is supposed to have a lot of voice acting and stuff
in it. You know, EverQuest 2 was an interesting game because a lot of people were really pissed
that you couldn't really interface it with EverQuest 1. So people didn't want to leave
EverQuest 1, which is still going, still going dark soccer. What do you got for us?
Well, I have a little something for us, and that is something about a game that people have been
waiting for, except it's not that actual particular version of the game that people have been waiting
for. It's, um, Kid Icarus, but it's the 3D classics. Kid Icarus is going to be given away for
free when, um, it launches on January 5th. And that's, um, you have to register two eligible
3DS titles online this Christmas. So that's kind of janky, but all right, whatever. It's a club
Nintendo thing. So you'd get the free download code for the remastered version when it comes
out next year. But where's the fun? Ugh. People. All right. But I mean, for the people that are
getting Mario Land 3D or whatever, and I guess I shouldn't say jank because, you know, free,
free is free. So, uh, and a lot of people are getting the Mario 3D Land and the Mario Kart 7,
so it's going to make sense that there'll be a lot of people that are getting this. I totally
won a 3DS this year, but I would rather go to Alabama. There you go. All right. Well,
believe it or not, that's all the news we had planned to talk about tonight. So we're going
to actually open up the Skype line. It is open now 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call. There's a little bit of a delay tonight. So before
I get to the Twitter and because we've got like two things on Twitter so far, maybe there'll be
a few more in a minute here. We'll see. Before I get to Twitter, do you have anything else you
want to talk about, Loki, with, um, last minute stories before we get to the Twitters? Yeah,
let's talk about, uh, how the Vita will not support simultaneous, uh, web browsing and game
play. Can only do one or the other at the time. And, uh... Is that really that big of a deal,
though? Nah, I don't think so. I don't think so either. I mean, I know a lot of people are making
a big deal out of it, but I don't, I don't think it's that big of a deal because, like,
what system now lets you do that? Well, besides a PC, yes, okay, I get that. Hello. But, you know,
I, I wasn't really expecting that to be something on the Vita anyway, so. Yeah, um, also, of course,
there's, uh, that story that, you know, the rumor is that the PlayStation Network downloads will be
discounted 40%. I don't know where that's, it's, apparently you said that a recent Vita event
is where they announced that. In my pants. I, I don't think so. I don't know. Even if they are,
that's still too damn much for those random cards. Yeah, and that's great. That, that's promoting
that you can buy those games digitally, but you know what? I wouldn't do that anyways,
because, guess what? I get tired of my games after a while, and I wanna sell them used.
So, meh. What's gonna be awesome is if they figure out a way to erase the game cards and
use them as memory cards. You buy, like, a cheap ass $10 game and it's like, hey,
I'm gonna erase this shit. That's what I think's gonna ultimately happen. I think the hackers are
gonna find ways to erase the games and make them into memory cards. I, I could see that happening,
absolutely. Again, our Skype line 1877 game OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Anything else? Um. I like fire. There was another, another, uh, story commenting on the whole FIFA
fishing thing. Apparently EA has put up some stuff on their website about how to spot fishing sites.
And they're still insisting that it's not a security breach, but yeah.
Yeah, there's a great story on another site and I freaking forgot the name. I'm so sorry,
but the guy was writing about how he got hacked. And it's like kind of one of those things was
like, I just, I needed to wait for a mainstream game journalist to get hacked, to finally kind
of put it out there where it's like, well, wait a minute. I didn't get fished. And he even says
this in the story. Like, I don't think I got fished. You know, I'm, I'm not happy this is
happening to people, but I'm kind of glad I'm seeing more about it on other sites. So let me
go to the phones real quick and then we'll come back to this topic. Remind me to come back to this.
Okay. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? Hey, it's the only, one and only Ranma
Sautome. Hey. Hey, Ranma. What's up, buddy? Not much. A couple of things. I just got home,
so I don't know if you heard about the Angry Birds Cookbook. No, I didn't. The Angry Birds Cookbook.
Good God. Can this game get any more saturated? It's a cash cow. What can I tell you? Yeah, right.
So what is in the Angry Birds Cookbook? What will I learn how to cook? Birds? Actually, I don't know.
I just wonder if you had heard about it because I just stumbled across it, but I didn't have time to
read into it. What's that? I'm sorry. Dark Cyrus phone went off. I said I just saw it online on
our friend's Facebook, so I didn't get a chance to read the link of what it covered. Maybe it talks
about how to cook birds or how to launch birds from your living room into the frying pan.
Or pig-themed recipes. Seriously, an Angry Birds Cookbook? Like, how? I don't know. Forget it.
I didn't mean to start you going on a tirade. I think that's Loki's department.
Ah, Loki's all tiraded out tonight. I don't know if you heard Part A.
No, I was at a premiere tonight, so. That's alright. Let's just say that Xenoblade news
just kind of one thing led to another on that department. Oh god. I can't wait to listen to
tonight's episode. Oh, and our website's coming back. That's the big news you missed too. We'll
be back just depending on when DNS updates for people, so hopefully within 24 hours.
Wonderful. Yep. But, um, the main reason I called is because I actually have a game review.
A game review? Alright. What do you want to review? Voltron, Defender of the Universe
for Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network. Wha-wha-wha? Oh, you didn't-
No. You didn't know? No. Yes, it came out Wednesday. I'm in school. I have no life.
She's really too busy at Darkmoon Faire and Warcraft. But anyway,
uh, so tell us a little bit about the Voltron Xbox Live Arcade game.
Long and short of it, you are control of any of the five lions and is up to you to protect
the planet, take out the Robies, and eventually defeat on Lotor. Is it like a tower defense game?
Actually, no. The controls itself plays like Geometry Wars. Oh, that's kind of cool. I like
Geometry Wars. Now, take your typical treasure shooter. It's like that. You're pretty much
running around the plains just blasting everything with the- that you can- that the lasers can see.
Well, this certainly sounds like a game that's right up Dark Sakura's alley.
It's a cave shooter or treasure shooter mixed with- Want. Want. You should go download the demo
on Xbox. I think I will. Uh, Uchon, one more thing. Yes. If you like- if you like it,
depending on which system you want it for, I will gift it for you as an early Christmas gift.
Aww, what a nice boy. Aww, okay. That's the best part about doing this show. Once in a while,
free shit. Heck yeah. Thank you. Love you, Rama. Love you, Mina. So on a scale of, um,
one to five Voltrons, five being super awesome and one being not so awesome, what is your score?
Seven. That's a pretty good review. So you're saying it gets a Green Ranger? Hell yeah.
Now, what do you say to Jim Sally who says in our chat room, Voltron is for babies?
Your butt's for babies. As the saying goes, haters are gonna hate. Hey, Rama, do you know what I
actually just watched all of last week? What? Go Lion. I have all of it and I watched all of it.
By the way, one of the achievements for Saints Bro is called Hate is Gonna Hate.
I heard about that. I saw somebody get that on Twitter. And, and Rama,
this is such a great story. You're going to hate it, but I don't care. Okay. So I thought
of you this week. Yeah. Okay. I was watching Wendy Williams. That's a man. I just want you to know
that's a man. Okay. But you know, I love Wendy Williams. Okay. How you doing? And she was talking
about, I don't know, getting a letter from Oprah or something. And at the end of it, she said,
and I kid you not, she said, stay black. And I'm like, does Wendy Williams listen to this show?
Cause I thought that joke started here. Uh, wait, wait, wait, Rob, stop. You said you like
Wendy Williams? Haters gonna hate. 50 points from Gryffindor.
All right. Look, I'm trying, I'm trying to share this story about how I think of
listeners throughout the week when things happen that remind me of them. In this case,
somebody say stay black. Cause that all started with you here on the show, you know.
It didn't actually, it's not just, uh, related to, it's, it's a phrase that's been out for a
long time. I know that, but I'm just saying, I heard it in mainstream press this week and it
made me think of our Rama. Stay black. Dan didn't bring me any high, I'm mad at him.
All right, Rama, we're gonna let you go to get more calls, but, um, go back to Voltron,
have fun. Will do. And of course, stay black. And you stay fabulous. I will. Oh, I will girl.
All right. Bye. One eight seven seven game O L R or username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Cause you don't chat. So stay black is an old saying. I know that. Gosh, I'm just being silly.
All right. Orange lounge radio on Skype or one eight seven seven game. O L R.
How about some tweets in the meantime?
O L R fan forever. Hey, I like that name. That's a great Twitter name. O L R fan forever. And it's,
it's, it's like, it's not my mom or something. Like it's an actual person. O L R fan forever
asks on the Twitter, what happened to the tester? Was dark Sakura eliminated?
Actually, I believe dark Sakura, after much soul searching, pulls herself out of contention.
Correct? I just didn't bother promoting it. You just kind of after, I mean, that night it was
funny, but then the next day it was like, would I really want to uproot my life for that? And
it was like, on the plus side, I'd be closer to Disneyland on the negative side. I would be
whoring myself out to Sony. I am no one's whore. Let's go to the phones higher on orange launch
radio. Who's this solid train pulling up to the station. By the way, can I just say though the,
I'm assuming this is your kid on the user pic. Adorable. Isn't she fresh and clean.
Absolutely adorable. Look at her little hoodie on it. I know it's precious. I love it. All right.
Sorry to derail. Try sorry to derail the Jim Sally train, but it had to be said,
what's on your mind, buddy? Jim Sally train's coming in today. We got to have some discussions
people. Okay. First off, we need to talk about evil G again, getting a bad rep for publishers
issues with these game cards expiring. It's not, we really shouldn't be mad at EA for having their
game cards expire. It's evil G's fault. You know, if I went to the grocery store to buy some milk
and the milk was expired, I wouldn't yell at the farmer. I'd yell at the store that sold me
the expired milk. I think EB games should be taking these games off their shelves. Shouldn't
be EA's fault. You know, that's an interesting kind of perspective on it. I have to admit,
I didn't really think about it like that. I mean, I don't know. I kind of, I get what you're saying.
I still kind of want to fault EA at the end of the day because I'm kind of like, I feel like they
didn't really think about this. I don't think they informed the stores either. They have this problem.
And I kind of think the stores don't know either. I think people just told evil G,
the evil, you know, evil G is they would just pretend like they didn't know sell it to you
anyway. I don't care, but they're so they're all in cahoots. I don't think they're in cahoots. I
think evil G is just doing it anyway. Like EA probably told evil G, yo, give us those games
back if you don't sell them. Evil G is like, whatever, we can sell anything. I would honestly
think though that evil G wouldn't have as hard of a time keeping those games on shelves as maybe
like an independent Ma and Pa shop who, you know, only rarely gets a lot of people to come through
there buying games that is more likely to have the product sitting on a shelf for a long time.
Because the Ma and Pa retailer is losing out to places like evil G. They're getting these
exclusives and so forth. I would think they're more likely to have the stale product on their
shelf. And I would just feel bad applying that logic to the Ma and Pa retailer who kind of can't
control that no one wants the goddamn game. I don't know. Well, either way, in EA's fault,
how long are you supposed to keep these codes active for? And it's a service. There's no
monetary value to it. Right? It's a service. It's not like a gift card. A gift card is an
account receivable which can be measured in exact terms of currency. I realize the gift
card thing is a stretch. It is a service being provided later. It is a little bit like you can't,
it's not apples to apples comparison. But my point with that was that it's still,
it would be $10 to replace that pass. So, you know, it kind of does have a value that suddenly
you're losing. Plus, also think about this, even though we're talking about games that have
dropped in price after a year, not all games always drop in price even after a year. And
here's the other thing too. Look at Blizzard games. If they're saying that, oh, by the way,
you know, this incentive that we really gave you to buy new, it expires January 1st. Okay,
well then I'm gonna buy used. Why would I buy it brand new then if you're giving me no incentive
to do so? That's not the way to do it. Really? It's not the way to do it? We shouldn't punish
the publishers for doing this type of bullshit? Yeah. How are we supposed to keep the stuff open
for it? I don't even think it's a punishment thing. It's just a, any shoppers gonna find the
best value they can. Yeah, man. It's up to you. When you go buy a Toyota, you just roll up to the
dealership down the street, you shop around a little bit before you buy it. You have to
educate yourself a little bit before you buy it. Yeah, and play the game with people. Everyone's
got a different deal. But I thought the whole point was to entice people to buy new because
they're throwing these little gifts in and stuff like that. If there's nothing there that, you
know, there's no difference other than, okay, someone's played this game, you know, and someone
hasn't played this copy of the game, then if, unless that's a big deal to me to buy brand new,
I'll probably opt to buy it used and probably could get it for really cheap. Now going back to
the whole GameStop selling expired milk analogy, does it really matter to EA anymore because they
know GameStop is not going to restock the game this far after the day? EA has already made their
money by putting that game on GameStop's shelf. They don't care at this point if the game is sold
new or used because they already sold the game. They're probably not buying new copies of that
game anyways because they probably have like a ton of them sitting on their shelf used anyways.
And always when you're buying stuff brand new from there, you know, hey, you know, say I want to buy
a copy of Grand Theft Auto 4 or something like that. Hey, by the way, we've got a bunch of copies
that are used, you know, that are in good, you know, good quality that you can get for, you know,
five, ten dollars cheaper or whatever. And most people will be like, okay, sure, I'll do that.
Unless they're giving it for a gift or something like that. But, you know, you can probably guess
that, and I'm guessing here that they're probably, this is probably just applying to the original run
of Mass Effect 2. Let's say they come out with a Game of the Year edition, or, well, not Game of
the Year edition, but like a Platinum Hits version or something like that, which I think they have.
That might actually have a different expiration date on it because it came out a little bit later.
I mean, I don't know. I haven't really looked at it, but they may have. All right. Well, Jim Sally,
I gotta wrap up so we can try and squeeze in one more call and a few more tweets. Do you have any
any final words on the subject or any other subject for that matter? South Park Game is
going to be a great game of Obsidian. They're the best developers ever in the world of Obsidian.
Thank you for Obsidian for making such beautiful games as Fallout 3 and Vegas and Knights of the
Republic 2. I love you everybody, and don't forget, if you're picking your nose and it starts to bleed,
you're picking it too much or not enough. Thank you for that sage advice, Jim Sally.
Appreciate it. I have high hopes for the South Park Game too, I will say, so I hope they don't
let me down. Back to the Twitters. 1877 Game OLR username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio. We can
probably squeeze in like one more call. Dark Tetsuya tweeted us and said, hey,
OLR, just a shout out to Loki for recommending Ready Player One. I don't think I've ever loved
a book this much. P.S. Fuck the Sixers. I'm assuming that's something from the book.
Tigerclaw sends us a few stories that slip through the cracks otherwise.
Some layoffs at Day One Studios because they lost a Konami publishing deal.
Tigerclaw links us to an article on Gamasutra via the Twitter saying that Day One Studios,
who developed F.E.A.R. 3 and Mech Assault, they laid off 95%. That's an entire development team
because they lost a publishing deal with Konami. Apparently, they were working on a reboot of
Silent Scope. Interesting, but I guess Konami must have seen it and said, this stinks, and they
pulled it. Yeah, Silent Scope is kind of neat, but then I can also kind of go, maybe with all
the Kinect and Move technology, it was a weird thing to pull off. Maybe. Well, they didn't have
to do it that way. I mean, they have some popular sniper series out there now. They have Sniper
Elite and then they also had Sniper Ghost Warrior, something like that, that was actually pretty well
liked and they have sequels coming out. I mean, there's not a lot of sniper games, but I think
something like Silent Scope would have stood out. I would have guessed that they were working on,
was it that, I don't remember the fuck the series is called now, the one that was on the PSP and
then they were supposed to be doing one for the PS3. It was like a sci-fi shooter or something
like that. I don't remember. That's how wonderful that game was. But there was, it was supposed to
be like a launch title for the PS3, but I guess I would have been a little late. All right, let me
go to the phones. We got one more call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this? Hi, this is
Kokomo. I just have a question. When Mass Effect 3 comes out, are you going to play Mass Effect 1,
2, and 3? That's a lot of Mass Effect. I got to admit, okay, Mass Effect is not a series that I
really got into as much as I probably should based on what everybody's telling me. But here's the
thing. What I really like about what they're doing in Mass Effect 3 is the whole idea. I mean,
I guess this is from that demo that leaked out before and all that. Remember how they had the
demo up early? Is that they have a mode that focuses more on RPG and storytelling and a mode
that focuses more on the battle. It's kind of like you can almost like shift the game to whatever end
of the game you like more. And the RPG mode to me sounds really, really interesting because I do
think BioWare can tell some good stories. But as far as like, do I have enough time to freaking
play Mass Effect 1 and 2? Probably not. But if Mass Effect 2, or if they do with 3, what they
do with 2, didn't Mass Effect 2 like have a mode where like they explain the story of Mass Effect
1 in like a comic book form or something that was in the game? Sort of, yeah. On the PS3, they did.
So maybe there'll be something like that. So at least the rest of us can get caught up.
What's your opinion on it? Are you a Mass Effect fan?
I really do enjoy Mass Effect. I mean, I'm probably going to have to take like a whole
like week off of work just to play 1, 2, and 3. I mean, then you have like all the different
things like you can be evil. And then that's another play around. It's just so much time.
This is the way of BioWare though. Like right now, Alan has been playing a lot of Dragon Age.
Like he just randomly like this month decided to start playing this game from 2009, but I've
watched him play through it once. It's kind of like a goody two shoes. Once it's a villain,
now he's working on the expansion. It's kind of like he got two completely different types of
games based on how he was playing the story. And this is one thing that BioWare is like really
good at. And it's kind of why a lot of people are really excited about The Old Republic because
Lover hates Star Wars. They're bringing a lot of that Mass Effect style storytelling in Dragon Age
into an MMO. And for some people, that's very, very exciting. Absolutely. All right. That's all
my questions. You guys have a great night. That's all right. Thank you for your station. All right.
Well, thank you so much. Have a great night and try not to lose too much sleep when the game
comes out. Okay. I won't. All right. Later. I know a lot of people are very excited about
Mass Effect 3. You know, it's just one of those series where it's like, if there were more hours
in the day, I probably would have gotten into Mass Effect, but I just, you can't play everything,
especially when you have a day job. All right. TigerCloth also tweets us one more link here.
And that is that the Electronic Frontier Foundation wants console modding and jailbreaking
deemed legal by the DMCA, linking us to a story at 1UP.com, where apparently the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act, the DMCA, a few exemptions were granted about a year ago, which had to do with
the jailbreaking the cell phones that was told seemed to be fair use. Now the EFF is saying,
shouldn't that whole logic apply to video game consoles as well? If you want to mod your video
game consoles, what do you think? I think that's an interesting way of having the logic is that if
you can jailbreak your phone, why can't you jailbreak your video game console? Loki, I'm
sure you're all for this. Well, just because it's legal to do that doesn't mean that it's
necessarily going to be any different than it is now, because basically they'll still ban your
console or whatever if you try to go online. All it means is that you can't have anything like,
you know, Sony coming after Geohot or something like that. They won't have that. And I was going
to say, is it really illegal to do that right now? Technically, I mean, sort of it is. I mean,
but they're just not going to come after the user, especially now that they have, in fact,
ironically enough, I'm looking at some right now about reset glitch hacking on. Well, you can do
it on any Xbox 360, regardless of the dashboard, at least as of right now. And looking at slim
body and stuff like that. Just curious to see what's required for that stuff. Interesting.
You know, I don't think modding your Wii or PS3 or anything is the problem. It's that they don't
want you playing pirated games on it for one and, you know, using exploits and all that stuff as
well. So that's why, you know, usually these companies will kick you off the network if they,
which they can do because it's their network. Exactly. But, you know, like for instance,
didn't the government buy a bunch of PlayStation threes because they were super computers?
They probably never upgraded them or, you know, who knows, maybe they even found a work around
so they didn't have to upgrade them because there's plenty of ways to do it on the internet.
I don't think those things even, I don't think those ever hit the PlayStation network. They're
just using Linux, so it wouldn't matter. All right. Well, that's going to do it for the
Twitter topics tonight. And that's also going to do it for the Skype line. Big apologies to those
didn't get through tonight, but we will have the mailbag up midweek, or you can always send us
tweets as well, or leave us a message on Facebook or Google+. We'll take your comments there too.
We can read some of those on the show, but for now, that's it. We're wrapping up. We're getting
out of here. You were done with last minute stories, right? Loki, do we finish everything?
Okay. Um, I didn't have anything. I figured because you would have spoke up if you did.
Hey. Hey. So anyway, that's going to do it for another Orange Lounge Radio. Um,
it's almost nine o'clock or midnight on the East coast. So I think it's about time to wrap up.
Um, first off, thank you guys so much for listening to our show. Thank you for downloading
and supporting Orange Lounge Radio. You know, it's been kind of a poopy past couple of weeks
with all the bumps in the website and everything, but you guys still stick by us. Those of you that
are listening live are still showing up and listening live. We have a lot of people in
chat tonight. So thank you guys so much. And podcast ease, you've stuck by us and here you
are downloading another show. So I just, I really appreciate it. Thanks for the support. Um,
remember if you like Orange Lounge Radio, all we ask, we don't ask for your money,
although I will ask for your money Thursday night for a good cause.
That will be an exception. Uh, but you know, here on this program, we don't ask for your money. All
we ask help spread the word, tell somebody about the program and, uh, you know, help the OL army
grow. So on that note, let's go around and get her base final thoughts so we can get out of here
tonight. Loki, I'll start with you. Your final thought tonight. Uh, my final thought is I'm
picking a really weird song for cage match. Awesome. Um, my final thought is now, now that
Loki's lamey borrow saints road, the third, am I able to, without the online pass, download the
character that, um, uh, Travis Donovan pass is only for playing co-op or co-op or system link.
Um, all right. I'm going to have to figure out how to do that. I want Travis Donovan's little, um,
you need it. Okay. Well you need to create a profile on the saints row website. Once you do
that, you go browse to his character and you click it to you add it to as like a book market
or something like that. And you go into your game and you log in with your account from the saints
row website and then you can download it. I can do that. Yes. Awesome. All right. And a dark soccer,
your final thought. I think it's absolutely ridiculous that the difference of one day
makes a hundred dollar price difference in plane to plane fare. Yes. And that was from a Tuesday
to a Wednesday. Oh, I was going to say Thursday to Friday or something on the weekend I get,
but that's boy, airline fees are interesting. That's uh, yeah, exactly a hundred dollars.
Wow. All right. Well thank you guys, uh, again for tuning in and downloading the show and one
more time. Awesome event happening this Thursday, December 8th, six 30 Pacific nine 30 Eastern
um, loud.org. I'll be there live. Dark soccer will be there in house. If you're in the San
Francisco Bay area, you better be at the DNA lounge. Bring 10 bucks, bring a little more
to donate for some raffle tickets and stuff to a great cause. Um, loud. We're going to rock out.
So I'll see you on Thursday and then we'll see you again back here Sunday night for another
episode of orange launch radio. Until then have a wonderful week. You've been listening to orange
lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show.
Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time. The views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio
or all games.com but we're probably right anyway. See you next week.
