DarkSakura, Skie, Loki, VOG
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG DarkSakura, Loki, VOG
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, VOG DarkSakura, VOG
DarkSakura Chatroom at live.vognetwork.com Dungeon Buster says, I thought I saw a tweet where someone wanted to pre-order an Xbox One and the GameStop employee said they don't sell those anymore.
I saw that same tweet. Let's see, Dark Tetsuya says, indeed at least with Playstation 4 people are like, oh it's the new one. Sony just kinda, you know, they took the easy way out but it really works, right? Sony's thing works.
Well I thought the whole idea with calling it the 360 was kinda weird in the first place. I mean it's just, we're used to it now but it's just kinda like, I don't know. You tried going the direction and so now you're going back to the way you were so you made a full 360.
Going back to a classic time for the Xbox, sorry about that. Live Radio. Gotta love it. Let's see, S2100Matt says, I don't even think GameStop sells old Xboxes anymore. No, that's true. BlackWolf says, Xbone for the Call of Duty dog. That could be the name of the dog.
BlackWolf continues on, if the name didn't kill the Wii, the name won't kill the Xbone. I agree, it won't. It is just, you know, interesting.
Alright, so first things first, they get out there and they're talking television, you can watch The Price is Right and you can do this thing with your hands with the Kinect where you make it bigger, make it smaller.
Like, Xbox, go to Star Wars or whatever. No, Star Trek.
Well, the very first thing they show, they show that you can sign on using your voice and it would recognize you. Kind of like what it's supposed to do on the Xbox 360 which doesn't work too well.
It does not work too well. I hate to be pessimistic but it constantly confuses me for Alan. We don't sound that much alike and just because we both have facial hair beards doesn't mean...
I understand tech's a lot better now, so whatever. And then they showed them navigating the interface using swipes of the hand and stuff and then they have this thing where you can basically dock stuff to the side of the screen like you can on Windows 8 or I think even Windows 7 you can do that stuff.
And so now you can Skype with people while you watch a movie.
Well, I actually find that feature to be one of the more interesting features because I remember when Netflix used to be, well it's still on 360, but it used to have that party mode where you could actually have everybody on the headset and kind of like talk during a movie.
There was a lot of people that were really into that and were kind of pissed when it disappeared and I don't even think to today we really fully understand why that disappeared.
It was probably that, you know, it's something we're going to get into later on.
So party chat, not okay, but Skyping, okay. Although I would think maybe you can't Skype during Netflix because that might be too much bandwidth. I don't know.
You probably still can.
You could probably do at least Skyping while watching a movie, but does that mean you can be synced up with the other... did they get into that? That you and your friend, you know, overseas can be watching the exact same thing, like synced up at the same moment?
I don't know about that.
I thought they had touched on that a little bit, like that they could watch the movie together or whatever. I thought they said that.
I don't know. But here's the thing. It's like they were showing they could bring up Internet Explorer on the side and then you navigate it using your phone.
Or I could just go on my phone and use the browser on there instead of having to use... launch the app for Xbox, you know, Smart Glass and use that as, you know, it's just... it's unnecessary. It really is.
See, I'm going to be honest, though, is that... and this is just me and my preferences, is that I don't really watch a lot of TV.
No, me neither.
So when I look at features like that, I'm kind of meh. You know, there's a... I've been catching up on a few things on Netflix, but like live TV, there's very little that I watch anymore. Very, very rare.
Now, I admit being able to have a Skype party during RuPaul's Drag Race sounds really exciting, but I mean, I don't know if it's something I would get a lot of use out of.
Even with an iPad. You could do that right now.
That's true. That's true.
I mean, it's just... it's a neat idea, but it's just not... I don't think it's something that people are going to use a lot. It's just like, hey, look, Twitter and Facebook are part of Xbox.
Mm-hmm.
Fuck, did anyone use that? No. Once. Hey, look how I'm tweeting from my Xbox. Done. I mean, that was it.
But I do get the idea, you know, obviously... well, to take a few steps back, everything that went on in this conference was very much what we predicted it would be.
And, to be fair, what a lot of people predicted it would be, based on comments from Microsoft themselves, is that it was going to be mostly talk about why it's an entertainment box, and there's going to be very little focus on games.
Yeah, I mean, that's exactly how it turned out. E3's like in a couple weeks. Right. Not a shocker there.
Fifteen games. At E3, apparently. Which is... that's not bad. How many of them are going to get delayed?
Well, in fifteen, here's... and also on top of that, fifteen games, not necessarily retail releases, because now they're considering Xbox Live Arcade and indie games games.
They're just calling everything games now to make it even harder to find shit. I don't know.
But I wasn't that disappointed that they didn't show anything. In fact, the one new property they showed from Remedy or whatever, it made no fucking sense.
They could have just shown nothing and said, hey, new game from Remedy, and people would be like, oh, sweet, instead of like... Quantum Break is the name of it. Quantum Break, yeah, okay.
I don't really need, you know... I don't know. It just... it looked weird.
I thought it was interesting that it mixed the live action with kind of a throwback to PC CD-ROM to get the taste.
I don't think that that's actually gameplay. I think that's just the trailer. I just think that... I don't think it was actually part of it.
Yeah, but I was... okay. I liked Alan Wake a lot. I think it was really underrated by a lot of people.
By the way, the weekly deal on Humble Bundle.
Yeah, seriously. If you've never played Alan Wake or you don't own it, you need to get in on this Humble Bundle. Just tangent. Great.
Anyway, our chat room is lighting up, of course, as you would think, for a topic that's been as hot-button in the gaming community as the Xbox One.
Tigerclaw says, the one good thing about this conference was that Microsoft actually showed the console, unlike Sony, who just talked about it.
Well, that seems to have been a mixed bag for them. Let's talk about the look for a little bit. You know, the console's look.
A lot of people on Twitter I'm seeing going, this thing looks like a Betamax VCR. It's kind of dumpy.
Who cares?
Yeah, I have to... I'm kind of with you. Like, I think people put way too much stock in what the box looks like.
What does a PC look like? Oh, is that sexy? No, it's a box. Who cares?
Well, some people go all out on the cases and the lights and the smoke.
Okay, I understand that. You can still do that. You can still add smoke lights and whatever.
You can put My Little Pony stickers all over the Xbox if you want.
I mean, I don't really care. I mean, who cares if the case is all nice and routed? You know what a rounded case means? I can't fucking stand it up on its end.
Now, granted, this thing is like the size of a VCR, so you probably don't want to stack that thing on its end, but who cares? As long as it's well-ventilated, I don't care.
I'll tell you what was exciting about the way it looks and what have you, which, you know, I'm not... I like that they went minimalist with it. I'll give them that.
You know, it's a very minimalist look, and I think that's fine. If the thing is just going to sit on your shelf, you know, it doesn't need to be flashy and all that.
And they showed, like, when they were making it and stuff, they're like, okay, here's the system, here's the drive, here's the chip, here's that fucking huge-ass heat sink and a giant goddamn fan on top of it.
This shit will not over... Oh, and by the way, half of the console is a vent, and the other half is more vents. It's like, I don't think it's going to be a problem.
Yeah, and actually, the thing that excited me most that they said about it was that it's silent. Yay!
Or pretty close to it, yeah.
Because the old 360s, oh my gosh, those things are... Like, I still have one of the earlier model 360s, and that thing, it still sounds like a freight truck when you turn it on.
Like, it's really loud and noticeable. So, to me, that was the most exciting part. I don't care what it looks like, just shut the hell up when I'm trying to watch a movie, right?
DungeonBuster in chat says, I'm just hoping it doesn't have the same hardware issues the 360 did early on.
No, I mean, we're talking, like, how many advancements in chips have there been? It's running such a... Was it a 28... It was a 28-watt chip or a 28-nanometer chip now? I mean, they're really low-watted chips now.
I'm a valid concern, in my opinion, with how bad that Red Ring affected people, and not just that, but there's been a lot of tiny little stumbles along the way for Microsoft.
I'm not trying to, like, just, like, you know, pee all over them or whatever, but, you know, the reality is Xbox Live got broken in two somehow, and a ton of people had money stolen, including me with their live accounts or whatever.
I personally had two Xboxes that Red Ring and had to be sent back. You know, there was those issues, and I understand Sony has issues, Nintendo has issues too. I haven't personally experienced any of them. Those consoles still run like rocks. My PlayStation 2 is still flawless, pretty much.
So, I think it's a valid concern. Now, I'm optimistic that Microsoft's learned and so forth, and I don't think we need to necessarily hold the past against them, but I understand where the concern comes from.
It's been a while. I did like the new controller.
Yeah, I was gonna get into that next. The controller. What'd you think?
I liked the idea of having, like, actual rumble in the triggers. I think that's kind of a neat innovation, I guess. It looks like they fixed the D-pad, so that's good.
Thank God.
Everything else is pretty much the same. Battery compartments integrated inside the controller, which at first was like, oh, sweet, built-in battery like the PlayStation 3, but no. No, it's actually, it's, you know, a compartment where you can put AA batteries and stuff, so I'm a little disappointed about that, because those batteries die so fast.
I just was hoping it would be more integrated, but maybe they keep the cost down or something.
Maybe. Yeah, you would think that they would kind of have taken the charge idea from the PlayStation 3. I mean, it's so freaking convenient with the mini-USB. It's, I love that.
Yeah, so that's a little disappointing, but I mean, it looks nice. I don't have a problem with, you know, how it's, you know, it's a little bit bigger now, but whatever. It's not that big a deal.
Now, I did not remember hearing this when I was watching the press conference. This is one of those things that came out after the press conferences, a lot did, but what's this whole thing? It's supposed to measure your vitality, like the Wii Vitality sensor, the heartbeat thing is in the controller?
No, the Kinect sensor can do that, because it's that sensitive, because it can actually see your heart rate based on, like, your veins pulsing on your face. Yeah, it's that detailed now.
That's, well, the skeptic in me is wondering about that, because, you know, I thought this first Kinect was supposed to do so much and be so accurate.
That Kinect sucks. I'm selling mine, by the way, so I'm getting rid of mine.
Yeah, but I'm just, I'm just kind of like, I don't know, there's a skeptic in me that's like, I like to play video games in the dark. It's going to see my heartbeat in the dark.
It's infrared.
It can still see all, that's just, that's crazy.
It's infrared, and remember, now they have the new technology, it was a time of flight with, you know, the photons where it measures the actual distance and stuff with that.
I think that's all great and stuff, but I don't like what they're doing with it, and a lot of this tinfoil hat stuff starts making me wonder, because think about it.
They have this new technology now that's the time of flight stuff, so it's going to look at, you know, it's not going to just recognize you based on a picture, it's recognizing you based on like a 3D image of yourself.
So, and remember, they patented something a while ago where it was going to be able to enforce like, was it the public screen things, the movies, or whatever.
So if like you have like a bunch of people in your house and you're watching a movie, it's like, oh, nope, sorry, too many people watching this movie at the same time type thing, you know.
No, they would not do that.
They have a patent for it, why would you get a patent for that? I'm just saying, it's not necessarily something that they will implement, but, and then also I worry too that, like say for example you're sharing your login with a friend or something like that.
Hey, you can log in on my account and play my game, it's going to look at your face, I'm sorry you don't look like that person, sorry, not going to let you log in.
I'm worried that that's going to, that they're going to try to do that, lock it down somehow, so that you can't account.
But people change, you know, what if I want to shave my beard off?
But it's not going to look at your beard, it's probably going to look at proportions, like proportions between your eyes, between your lips.
What if I lose a ton of weight?
I don't know, I don't know how it's going to work.
Or gain a ton of weight the way I'm going.
I'm just saying that, you know, I'm very, I'm very worst case scenario with them, because I don't, especially after the whole rumor, and I don't even know what's going on with this now,
because everyone's contradicting everyone else about the whole not playing used games, well not necessarily, it plays used games, okay?
Basically, all the games that you play have to be installed to the hard drive, fine?
Let me take a step back for a minute, because all this came out after the conference, so let's take a step back, finish up, we'll win out of the conference,
and then, because that's a very important point, is that there's a lot that came out that wasn't even set on stage.
Yeah, the conference was awesome, like after the conference, before I heard any other information, I'm like, yeah, this is pretty awesome, I have to get one of these.
So, let's see, some of the stuff they showed that was game-wise, fours of five, expected, part of the course, looks nice.
Quantum Break, I think we already talked about.
EA Sports Partnership.
Well, they are going to be big sellers, it was interesting to see EA get out there on stage and pledge their full support to Xbox,
I think I said something on the last show about that too, where, you know, they did that for Wii U and then totally just, you know,
turned around and went to go to bed with their new buddy Microsoft, which is kind of funny, the way that all played out.
Which only made the news after the show more, yeah, we kind of figured that was going to happen.
And then Call of Duty Ghosts, which, I'm not so big on that series, but you are, so what did you think?
I didn't really understand, like it didn't really make any sense to me, it wasn't like, no, I mean honestly, it's just like,
you know, Black Ops 2 looked pretty awesome with all the drones and stuff, and that kind of, you know, that was something that made me kind of excited about the game.
This one doesn't really, other than, okay, stuff's kind of post-apocalyptic a little bit, and there's a dog.
Like, I didn't really get what it was about, so I don't really understand. The dog thing I think is kind of neat,
but, once again, you know, I'm not going to be pure mulanode over this crap, I'm not going to be like,
oh hey, I gotta get fabled because there's a fucking dog in it, and wait, the dog's kind of annoying.
It's like, I don't know, I don't think it's going to be that big a deal, and they're going to fucking kill the thing off,
you know they're going to kill the dog off, they always kill the dog off.
Or, if it's not this game, it's going to be in like a game or two next, you know, they're going to kill that dog.
Something's going to happen to that dog, that dog is not long for this world.
Save the dog! Hashtag save the dog.
Alright, um, let's see, one of the other big things, sorry, I'm distracted because I see something in chat here,
Alan says, earthquake in Sacramento, is there a joke, is that a joke?
I did not feel an earthquake if there was just an earthquake, I don't know, anyway, the joys of live radio.
One of the other big things I wanted to bring up that they talked about on stage was the Halo TV series.
So, now it's no longer a movie we're talking about, it's a TV series we're talking about.
So, Steven Spielberg, executive producing.
That could be good to me.
They had that gal on stage that used to be with CBS and all that, I remember hearing that they had hired her
and she was going to be working with the Xbox, you know, content delivery.
I was surprised we actually didn't hear more about that whole thing, and I'm not necessarily talking about the Halo TV show.
In talking with some people, it seemed a little unclear at first, is this something that's going to be on TV,
is this something that's going to be a Netflix Hulu thing, but I think, you know, going back and watching it later when I did,
it seemed pretty clear to me that they are going to launch some type of video on demand service,
which, well, I mean, they already have a video on demand service, but Xbox original programming or something is going to be built into that,
and this Halo would obviously be a huge staple in that, with Steven Spielberg's name on it.
Steven Spielberg, his TV series, especially the ones that have been on, I think he had some on Showtime or HBO
or something like that, like the Band of Brothers, I think, was one of his, are really good.
I mean, they're really good war dramas, so, I mean, assuming that it's treated nice, maybe not so much like that,
was it the, what the fuck was that, Forward on to Dawn, Forward on to Dawn was kind of cheesy,
but, you know, assuming it's better than that, I think it could be pretty awesome.
Am I going to watch it? Probably not.
What if you have to pay for it, though?
Nope, definitely not going to watch it then.
Huh.
I just, I'm not a huge fan of Halo, I just, I'm not going to seek out this TV show, it doesn't really appeal to me.
It's neat, though, that they're, you know, they're going to talk about doing something like that.
What else might they be working on, you think?
Um, maybe some more, like, Xbox-centric news shows, because remember they used to have, like,
a bunch of, like, their kind of community blog stuff, almost, on there.
Like, I think they even had some with, like, Major Nelson, and that's, I don't know if that's still there or not.
But, maybe something like that?
I'm not really sure if they would have any more TV shows based on their properties.
I don't think I'd want to watch another, like, you know, maybe if we do, like, a Steven Spielberg Halo thing,
we can do, like, a Michael Bay Gears of War or something, you know?
Or a Michael Bay Crackdown, that would be awesome.
Is this something to enhance Xbox Live, possibly?
Like, this will just be, if you're an Xbox Live Gold subscriber, it's a free thing for you.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Uh, by the way, not to get derailed by this, but yes, there was just a 5.9 earthquake up by Susanville,
which is a ways away, that's like, you know, three hours north, but I guess they're feeling it.
I didn't feel it! What's up with that?
Weird.
Alright, thanks for derailing the show, earthquake, what are you trying to say?
Oh, man.
Don't do a show on Thursdays.
Um, okay, so, did that pretty much cover everything, at least from the press conference itself, I think so?
Um, yeah, and then of course they said, you know, was it 15 games or something?
Yeah, which we mentioned a little bit ago, which, you know, more to come at E3.
Yeah.
So, um, so that leads us to everything that started to come out after the fact,
which just started to get weirder and weirder.
Um, one of the big things that came out right off the bat is that the Xbox One will not be backwards compatible with Xbox 360.
You will not be able to play the games, you will not be able to play the download games,
and assumably that includes XNA and what have you.
I'm not surprised.
And, uh, it will, however, be cross, or backwards compatible, if you will, with any videos that you've bought.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Music that you've bought, and so on.
Obviously, this ties into the fact that the Xbox One is using a new chipset, which the PlayStation 4 is doing the same thing.
Although, on the PlayStation 4 side, you kind of go, well, use the Gaikai thing to make some magic happen.
But they're not necessarily, they're going to offer that later on, but it's not going to be like,
hey, you bought this title, now you get this game free. I don't think it's going to be like that.
Right.
It would be nice. It's not going to happen that way, but it would be nice.
So there will be no backwards compatibility, which, you know, I realized that most of the,
you know, PlayStation 3 wasn't backwards compatible, Xbox 360 had limited backwards compatibility.
Well, the PlayStation 3 originally started backwards compatible, but, you know, then it slowly went away.
Yeah, that's true, that's true.
It's harder to create a system with, you know, you can't, they don't have an Xbox 360 on a chip right now.
Right.
And to, you know, do that, it's just going to be hard to emulate that.
You're basically creating an emulator for this thing, and it's going to be difficult to do that.
Do you think that decision is going to hurt, though?
No.
I'm kind of with you because, I mean, PlayStation 4 is in the same boat, so it's not like one does it and the other doesn't.
But I just think the odd, or the thing to be concerned about is that, you know, again, this year, at the end of the year,
when these consoles are launching, you still have a lot of good stuff coming out for the current gen.
Yeah.
And people that buy that stuff aren't going to be able to play it on the new consoles.
And here's the thing, too, like, you know, don't think that you have to buy one of these new consoles right at launch.
I mean, I kind of want to, but I'm not really forcing myself to do that because, once again, any of these games that I want to play,
like, say, you know, Grand Theft Auto 5, only on, you know, the current gen stuff, you know, but other stuff like Assassin's Creed 4,
Battlefield 4, Call of Duty, you know, all that stuff is going to be also on current gen.
Or even if you want to go further, Destiny is going to be on current gen as well.
Was it Watch Dogs current gen?
So I don't need to buy a new console to play these awesome games. I can just wait.
And let's be honest, the new consoles that come out that have these games on them and then also have them on the current gen,
they're not going to be that drastically different.
I mean, hell, they've shown gameplay from, like, the PlayStation 4 of Assassin's Creed 4.
I can't tell the difference between that and the PS3 version.
Apparently there's some better physics. I can't tell the difference.
So, I don't know.
And let's assume, you know, these games are still coming out at $60.
So are they going to price the PlayStation 4 and, you know, Xbox One games the same thing?
I don't think so. I'd be surprised if they're the same price.
If anything, I think they're going to be, like, $69.
Although, I have been receiving some temporary pricing from Ubisoft.
It shows $99, but there's no way.
I have a feeling the MSRP for, you know, games, I think that maybe hasn't been determined yet.
I don't think so either.
I tend to think they're not going to bump up the ceiling simply because they're making extra money on collector's editions and DLC.
But, I mean, I could be wrong, of course.
But I kind of think it would be a very slippery slope if they were to bump it up to $69.99.
They're already talking about, was it, Battlefield 4.
They already announced the pre-order DLC campaign that's going to be added on already.
And, you know, the comment is like, why don't you just include that in the regular game then?
If you're already announcing this and it's already being worked on, why is this not being included in the game?
Right.
Yeah.
Okay, then the biggie.
And this is the one that everybody's talking about.
And I'm not even sure I can make sense of what the hell is happening with this news.
Microsoft's not giving a clear answer on it and they pretty much have said that they won't until E3.
And I think this whole thing started with a post and surprise that, you know, this came from Kotaku that started a crazy wave over the internet.
No, it wasn't Kotaku.
Well, I'm thinking of that interview that they had with Phil Harrison, right?
It started with Wired Magazine got the exclusive interview or whatever with Microsoft about their Xbox One console.
They were the first to have everything and then it kind of spun off from their people asking follow-up questions about that.
Okay.
So, they first, it talked about how the console will play used games but will require you to pay a fee in order to use that disc a second time.
So, that, it just, okay.
First off, I don't know even if this is going to happen because they keep going back on it and, you know, the Xbox support Twitter saying no, it's completely wrong.
We're trying to get them to remove that story.
It's completely inaccurate.
Yeah, a quote from the Xbox support account.
I understand your concerns but can confirm that any information for fees for used games is incorrect.
So, I don't know if, and a lot of these people asking the same question to these guys, they're phrasing it in a very careful way.
You know, when they're asking about can I go to my friend's house and, you know, play my copy of a game.
They're like, yes, you can go to your friend's house and play your copy of the game.
You can install it to their drive but you have to log into your account to do that.
You can't just loan them the game.
So, what they're, what's happening right now is basically it sounds like every game is going to have a code that comes with it, kind of like the online pass.
Basically, that code is going to lock that game to your system.
So, you install it, you give them the authentication code and then you can play the game without the disk anymore.
The disk is basically you don't need it.
Now, what they haven't explained is what happens when you give that disk to your friend and they don't have a code.
Now, originally they said, okay, you're going to have to pay full price.
And this is coming from an interview from higher up saying this, that you're going to have to pay the full price of the game to play it on your system.
Now, I took that as you're going to have to pay the full price to play that game on your system without a disk.
I don't understand why they can't do it, you know, okay, you can play the game off the disk.
But I understand why they're doing that is because, you know, I could buy it, load it on my system, play without a disk, give it to my friend, he plays with the disk.
You get two games for the price, one basically, so they can't do it that way.
And I think I'm hearing something about the installation is being done because Blu-ray drives are too slow.
Yes and no. I mean, yes, I understand that they're, you know, but that's fine.
Forced installation is fine, then why do we need the one time use code?
If that's DRM, that's all it is, it's DRM, it's not...
I understand the drive is slow and that you can force that, but you know what?
Right now I have my Xbox 360, I install games to the hard drive and the disk is in the drive.
It reads the disk for a little bit to authenticate that you have the disk, then it runs it off the hard drive.
Why can't we do it the same way? I don't understand why we can't do it the same way.
Because they want DRM. They want the DRM in there because there's hacked drive firmwares.
They don't want to even mess with the hacked drive firmwares, they're going to, you know, nip that in the butt right away.
Why wouldn't there necessarily be hacked things that will dodge the authentication servers?
Hackers going to hack, right?
I understand that, but right now they're treating you as pirates.
That's how they're treating you out of the gate. They're treating you as a pirate.
Because they're putting this extra piece of DRM in the way.
I got to put a code in now that, you know, play my game.
And see, what they haven't explained right now is that how are you going to revoke that if you...
They said they're supporting used games, okay?
Let's pretend that this is actually a one time use code like it is with the online passes.
Then when I sell it to GameStop, as this current scenario is right...
As they're explaining right now, and granted this is going to change at a drop of a dime.
I sell this back to GameStop.
Why are they going to buy it for me first off?
Because if anybody takes that game and tries to install it, it's going to ask them for 60 bucks.
So, you know, you're essentially killing used games even though you can pass it off to a friend and they can install it for the full price.
So, there's got to be something in the way of where you can revoke your, you know, license or whatever on that.
But, once again, that's going to require that code because unless there's a code somehow on that disk...
And I don't know how that would even be accomplished because...
I don't even know. It doesn't even make sense how that would even be accomplished.
Unless there's like some RFID tag or something like that, which can be faked.
You could fake that.
If it is tied to that code and I lose that code, then how... Is that disk useless now?
I can't use that disk because I don't have the code to install it? I don't understand how it's going to work.
I want to go back to something that was said through an official channel.
And this was on majornelson.com and he's, you know, kind of the mouthpiece for Microsoft.
And during all this, you know, craziness about the used games, he released a statement on his blog that says, quote...
We know there is some confusion around used games on Xbox One and wanted to provide a bit of clarification on exactly what we've confirmed today.
While there have been many potential scenarios discussed, today we have only confirmed that we designed Xbox One to enable our customers to trade in and resell games at retail.
So you will be able to use GameStop somehow in this.
Okay, yeah. I understand that they have it so that you can trade in your games and resell it.
But if it's worthless, I mean, hell, you can, you know, if it's...
Yeah, but I don't think you say that if it's worthless. Like, there's something there.
Yeah, so there's something there, but it doesn't make any sense that it has to be this complicated.
Make it as easily... Why can't it be the same as it is now? I don't understand why they have to do that.
Oh, I know why. It's because they got pressured by EA to do this. How do you think they got their silly little EA partnership?
Oh, it's because they fucking implemented this shit.
Hold on, though. Let me play devil's advocate for a minute.
Now, Tim trips in our chat and says there are a lot of other really good reasons to play off a hard drive besides DRM.
And one thing I can think of, you know, you might... Hold on, hold on.
One thing I can think of is that on the 360, there have been problems when some people use the disc,
some people install to the drive, and sometimes one is too slow, one is too fast.
You know, there were problems when people were installing certain games and so forth.
So this is kind of one way to level that playing field.
I have no problem with installing to the hard drive. I think that's a great idea.
I install all my games to the hard drive anyways because, yes, that drive is loud, it's slow.
That's fine. I have no problem with that. I have the problem with the one-time use code.
That is my problem right there.
Yeah, but then how... I can understand how do you stop, you install it, and then I take it to my friends, they install it.
It requires the disc and the drive. Just like it is now. Require the disc and the drive. There you go.
It doesn't have to... It just spins it to check that it's there, and that's it.
I don't understand why it has to be any more complicated than that.
They're making it complicated because they're fucking treating it...
Didn't you just say that somebody's worked around that system on 360?
Yeah, they've worked around it and they patched it, but you know what?
It's a different story now. We're talking a new console.
And assume that everybody is... I mean, not everybody is doing that.
We're talking about people that are pirating games, a small minority are doing this.
And you're treating everybody like a pirate.
I'll agree with you to the extent that if a small minority figured out a way to work the system now,
that same small minority is going to figure out a way to work the system then.
They're going to figure out a way. Yes.
So, I'll meet you to that point.
Let me read the rest of Major Nelson's statement.
Beyond that, we have not confirmed any specific scenarios.
Quote, another piece of clarification around playing games at a friend's house.
Should you choose to play your game at your friend's house, there is no fee to play that game,
while you are signed into your profile.
That was the end of the statement.
Well, yeah, there's a lot there that's unsaid.
It's kind of like, you read the inverse of that.
They're treating all games as a digital download.
But whether you're digitally downloading it off the disk or downloading it off the internet.
The problem with that is, I like that you want to treat it like this,
and this is very idealistic of Microsoft to think this way,
but that's not how the fucking world works.
It's a goddamn physical disk.
If I'm downloading it off the internet, yes, I can't sell that used because it's a digital copy.
It's a physical copy. I'm holding it in my hand.
It is a disk.
That's why a lot of people like to do physical copies.
Especially when you're talking about $60 or $70 a game,
some people like to have that equity where they know they can sell it later.
There are a lot of people that buy games full price and then sell them for whatever,
you know, nickels and dimes they can get to get some of their money back when they beat it.
Exactly. And here's my thing, it's like,
it's very idealistic of them to think that they can pull that off right now.
You know what? Maybe you should wait another decade or so
where the infrastructure's in place to where that actually is a thing
where you can download games and it's very effortlessly.
But right now, it's not there.
And you can't think that you can pull this off if...
I'm sorry, it's just you can't do this.
They're gonna try to do this, but you know what?
If not everyone is on board, it's not gonna work.
And if PlayStation 4 is on, and you better believe,
PlayStation 4 is probably thinking the same thing,
but they're like, you know what?
We may have made this deal before, but we're not sure if we're gonna do this.
And I was reading this in chat earlier and I apologize,
I don't remember the specific names of the people saying this,
but some people were talking about PlayStation 4
and could Sony actually have this exact same system in place,
but they're letting Microsoft take the heat for it?
Don't get me wrong, I think that both companies met together
and agreed on something, and I think EA started it.
Tinfoil hat, if you will.
Because I think that that is why...
EA wouldn't just drop it if one company was doing it.
They would say, okay, yeah, we're not doing it on the 360 or the Xbox One,
but we're gonna do it on PlayStation 4.
So everybody's on board with this because that's the only way it's gonna work.
They're not counting Nintendo because Nintendo doesn't...
It's just, you know, whatever. It doesn't even matter.
It's so small, it's no big deal to them.
So they're all on board with this.
However, I could see one of them or both of them backing out of it
because of the backlash of it.
I have to go here now, and a lot of people in our chat room,
starting with Slidekick, are going here too,
is about, well, isn't this interesting now?
Let's say your little tinfoil hat, you know, locked boardroom,
locked boardroom scenario, EA sat Sony and Microsoft down
to mutually agree on this or whatever.
Who has EA recently apparently turned their back on? Nintendo.
Doesn't this put the Wii U in this really interesting situation now
where none of this fuckery exists there?
And despite all this talk about, you know,
where the Wii U is in this horrible place and da-da-da-da-da,
suddenly the Wii U has got the system we all want.
To be able to trade games and rent games?
No, here's the thing, though. Here's the thing.
It's like, you don't have to do any of this.
Hello? You don't have to buy any systems.
You don't have to pick one of the three consoles.
It's not like, make your choice, you know, and that's it.
You've got tons of choices. You can go PC.
You can keep the consoles you have now,
because I'll bet you they're going to keep supporting those consoles
if no one's buying the new ones.
And, you know, like I said, if you want to buy the Wii U,
cool, buy the Wii U, but I don't think that all of a sudden,
for me, why would I buy the same console
that generates pretty much the same type of graphics
as, you know, I'm not gaining,
there's nothing really to gain for me from the Wii U.
But I'm just saying that why,
you don't have to buy these new consoles, that's the thing.
It's like, I don't have to put up with this bullshit.
You want to go ahead and try to implement all this stuff
where I can't sell games?
Hey, you know what, I can't sell games on Steam either,
but here's the thing, Steam drops the price of their games
very frequently, and I get some really good deals,
and I buy games that if on console,
you know, I probably wouldn't be picking up those games.
I can honestly say, you know, I get the Steam comparison
and there's this little meme that's on Twitter that I saw somewhere
that says, you know, Xbox One announces that used games
or new games are tied to one account, internet gets crazy,
Steam games are tied to one account,
everybody loves Valveheart, you know, type of thing.
And, you know, although I get the point there,
I'm thinking back myself personally,
I have never bought a game on Steam for $60
that was digital distribution only.
I have bought PC games where I had the little disk in my hand for $60,
you know, World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy XIV, you know, whatever.
You know, I've bought PC games that way,
but I've never done digital distribution on a game that wasn't on a cheap sale.
And I've talked about this on an older OLR.
I said there's gonna be, if, and again, this is all probably hysteria anyway,
we don't really fucking know what's happening,
but there's gotta be some give here.
If you're gonna tell people that their games are going to lose equity
and you're not gonna have that same resale value,
then you need to make the price of a new game cheaper.
Something's gotta give.
That's why people love Steam,
because Steam makes games a heck of a lot cheaper.
Exactly, like I bought, was it?
I just bought a Sonic bundle with, you know, like 12 games in it for $20.
It's just, it's that cheap impulse buy.
You don't see Microsoft and Sony marking down their games by like 60% or something.
It's just not gonna happen.
So what makes you think it's gonna all of a sudden start happening
when they lock everything?
You know, let's say we live in this perfect world now
where we have the bandwidth to download these games digitally
and they decide, hey, you know what?
We're gonna go, we're gonna do everything digital.
Do you really think they're gonna have the same type of sales as Steam does?
No, of course not.
It's just like how on the PlayStation Network,
how you can get like PlayStation portable games
that are more expensive on, you know, the digital store than they are at retail.
Osfernchat says, I like the point someone made earlier
that while we should be used to tied accounts on PC,
that was something we didn't have to deal with for consoles and it was nice.
Captain Spike says, not to prove EA right about Steam devaluing games,
but aside the very rare new release once or twice a year,
I don't buy anything on Steam that's more than like 20 bucks.
But do you hear those companies complaining?
Those companies have already made back their money a lot of times on these games
and now they're just dropping prices.
It's extra sales for them.
I mean, they're not printing discs.
It's just digital copy.
It costs nothing for them to manufacture that.
I want to get to one more comment from Major Nelson's blog.
He did a chat with Yahoo, which, God,
Yahoo is like everywhere in the news all of a sudden
with the whole Tumblr and everything else they've been buying.
But anyway, Major Nelson was on Yahoo
and the very first question thrown at him in the Yahoo chat is about used games.
Larry, could you please provide some more clarity
as to how users will be able to play used games on Xbox One?
Here's the response.
We are still months away from the launch of Xbox One
and policy decisions are still being finalized.
So, that being said, do we need to just sit down
and fucking wait for E3 for more information to come out on this?
Is the internet going too crazy with this shit?
No, I think that they're going the adequate amount of crazy.
In fact, crazier would be better because you know why?
It sends a message to them that, listen, people are concerned about this
and this will actually affect their decision to purchase your console.
If people just sat back and like, eh, whatever, it's not a big deal,
then they're going to keep up with it.
That's why all this stuff needs to be.
They need to be hounded.
Every goddamn press conference or every time that you see these guys
that you have an interview with them or whatever,
you need to bring this shit up so that it's fresh in their mind
that people are still concerned about it.
That is the thing.
We need to keep doing that because otherwise they're just going to assume
that we don't care and they're going to do whatever they want.
Well, you reminded me of one big thing they talked about at the press conference
that we didn't talk about earlier, and that's the Azure Cloud,
or Blue Cloud, Windows Blue, haha.
So they have the cloud, right?
And they're talking about that they can do processing on the cloud
and that's something you can do in games.
What is this, something like 300,000 servers functioning, da-da-da?
And of course this makes people think in their mind, isn't this what SimCity?
So Xbox One is going to have, you could put SimCity on Xbox One.
I think they're just saying it's something that they can implement
that anybody can do that.
They can have an online-only game.
That's up to the decision to the developer and the publisher.
So yeah, cool, they're offering this for developers to use if they need to.
I'm fine with that because you know what?
I'll figure out which games those are and I just won't play them
if that's an issue for me.
So I just don't, I don't know.
Would this be a deal breaker for you?
Yes.
If they implement this not to your satisfaction,
are you writing off this console completely?
Even if it has Killer Instinct, Grand Theft Auto 6,
the games that you really want to have?
Yes.
Because I don't want to mess with this bullshit.
I don't want to mess with this bullshit on PC.
I'll build a new PC.
Or I will play the backlog of games I'm going to have.
Besides Grand Theft Auto 5, who knows?
Whenever Grand Theft Auto 6 comes out four or five years from now,
I'm sure all this stuff will be ironed out already.
All right, let's talk about one other thing that had the internet a bit in a tizzy,
and that's the always online thing.
Speaking of things that got the internet into a lot of rabble rabble talking,
whatever, right?
That guy got fired.
Yeah, I love how all these rumors are like,
there's no way, like I was even saying,
there's no fucking way that they'd pull this shit off because they can't
because they're going to hurt themselves if Sony's not on board with this stuff.
And in a nutshell, it appears,
and I don't think we really have a clear answer,
I don't think they've really clarified this,
I think this again came from one of them Kotaku interviews
that turned into a headline,
but what I'm understanding is that you will not need to be constantly connected to the internet,
but approximately once every 24 hours your Xbox needs to touch base with home
to update the programming guide information and all that,
but it might need, again, we don't know, they haven't really said,
it might impact the game transaction,
especially if you are having to lock and unlock codes and so forth,
that may be a part of this too,
where you need to be connected once every 24 hours,
or your one may not let you do what you want to do.
See, that's what I was thinking,
well, that's what I was hoping that they would do,
ideally is that you would have that one time use code,
and if you use that, then yes,
you have to authenticate with the server
so that you can run that game without a disk once you install it.
You'd have to authenticate it for the installation,
and it's tied to your account, so be it,
just like if you downloaded an Xbox Live Arcade game.
But if you don't have that, or if you can't authenticate it,
you'd still be able to play the game as long as the disk is in the drive.
That was my hope, because that makes sense to me,
it's simple, easy, we can do that.
But they're not going to have it that way,
no, they want, once again, they're treating you like a pirate,
they want to make sure that that shit is not somehow pirated onto your system,
and they're going to check it once every 24 hours.
And I don't buy it to update their fucking channel guide,
because you know what, I'm not going to be using it for TV,
because as of right now, I can't.
I don't have a cable box, I have a TV,
the coax cable goes inside,
and I use my tuner to use the open QAM channels.
So I can't, I can't do that.
Oh, but you can actually,
you just have to buy a separate piece of hardware,
so fuck them for that.
Well, I mean, I'm going to cut a little slack here,
because it's not like we didn't change at some point
from the coaxial plugin to the RCA switches,
because Atari 2600, you had to have coaxial,
then you get into Nintendo NES,
you can do that with an RF switch,
or you can do the red-yellow plugs, red-yellow-white plugs,
and then that turns into composite years later,
now we're at HDMI.
I can't exactly fault the logical steps we're taking in,
you know, input clarity.
I don't have anything to output HDMI into my console,
that's what I'm saying.
And yes, I do think it's a fucking ridiculous thing
that they have where the console does not have component support.
The PlayStation 4 does,
so I don't know why they can't do it here.
Vogkauf in our chat room, turn your head and Vogkauf,
says, Sky, what's the difference between Xbox One's
every 24-hour authentication and Steam's authentication?
Fair question, but I guess one thing I think of, too,
is that, okay, well, in order to use Steam in the first place,
you had to be on the internet.
So, logically, you have an internet connection because you got Steam,
whereas I don't necessarily need to be on the internet
to pick up an Xbox One game.
I can walk into a GameStop and get that.
And, you know, again, the thing people most commonly cite,
military bases don't always have an internet connection.
A lot of them do, though.
But one of my friends is on the military
and he doesn't post on Facebook all day long.
But, you know, granted, others don't necessarily have that connection.
But they can still get the PC games mailed to them and so forth,
but that wasn't through Steam.
So, I mean, that's, I guess, the key difference,
is that in order to get that Steam game in the first place,
you had to be on the internet.
So, clearly, you have an internet connection.
Whereas with Xbox One, if that's the only way to do it, to play the game,
it is a little bit different than necessarily PC gaming.
I honestly, I don't know,
I haven't really had a problem with internet.
I've been places without internet at, you know, my work or whatever,
and still play my Steam games just fine.
But, you know, I do connect.
I have internet at home and stuff.
So, I haven't really been without internet for a long span of time,
but I don't really know how Steam treats that.
So, I can't really say.
I do know that they have an offline mode.
Now, I'm not really sure how that works either, but...
Yeah, some people in chat are talking about offline mode right now.
So...
And it works fine.
I don't know. I would trust...
It just doesn't seem that bad on Steam,
but then again, everything's digital on Steam.
Everything is digital,
and yes, I understand that they're using the excuse that,
okay, you're just digitally downloading off a disk.
However you want to fucking word that.
You know, that's ridiculous.
I just don't know.
I just don't like the fact that
game companies still treat everybody as a licensed user
instead of you own this like I own a car.
I'm not a licensed user of a car.
Well, but judging from the internet reaction,
some people are basing their decision on this console on that.
You know what I mean?
Like, if this used thing pans out to be true,
I don't...
There's a lot of people on the internet that are...
Well, right now, like I said...
And you might say,
angry fanboys, da-da-da-da-da,
but, you know, every one of those comments is coming from a potential buyer.
I haven't made any firm decisions about any console yet,
so, you know, whatever.
And I don't think anybody should until at least E3,
because to be fair, again,
we don't know the answers to this, necessarily.
We're having to read between the lines on a lot of this.
And on top of that...
Microsoft needs to make it crystal clear.
And on top of that...
So does Sony.
We need to see what games are coming,
because...
I don't know.
Forza 5 is kind of cool,
but do I need a console for that?
Nope.
I mean...
The one that's going to be tough?
Killer Instinct.
I'm going to be...
And we hear rumblings that,
yes, Rare is reviving a historic IP from Rare,
and granted, that could be one of a couple other games, too,
like Conker or something,
but, you know, a lot of people,
based on earlier leaks,
they're like,
it's going to be Killer Instinct.
That's going to be fucking rad.
They got that trademark.
You know, it makes a lot of sense.
That's going to be a hard one to say no to, right?
Yeah.
Well, actually, no.
Not for me,
because I never was a fan of Killer Instinct.
Oh, get out.
All right.
Although Crackdown, Crackdown 3,
which there is a rumor that it's going to be one of the games
because they had the little orb icon on their dashboard
during their presentation.
Ooh.
That might...
I may have to get in on that.
All right.
One other thing I want to mention about the hardware
and the Always Online in this is the whole Kinect.
So the Kinect, apparently, has to be plugged in.
You have to have that.
Again, I don't know if this is coming directly from Microsoft
or where this came from.
Do you know where we ended up at this conclusion,
that the Kinect always has to be plugged in?
I think it was one of the after-interview things.
I understand why it has to be,
because once again, it's just games being installed on the hard drive.
They have to assume that you have it so they can use it.
They can't just program it so that you don't have it.
Although, I mean,
it would be nice to assume that you have it,
and then if the game doesn't use it, maybe just not...
Well, no, actually,
because you're still going to have to use it in your face.
It'd be cool if you turned that off,
and if a game needs it,
it would be like a controller's unplugged or something.
Here's the thing.
And this is causing a lot of people...
Like, somebody on Twitter was saying that they had heard Glenn Beck,
which I'm so sorry that you had to hear that,
but maybe it was people that were listening to Glenn Beck or whatever
that apparently they were talking about this on a show the other day
about the conspiracy theories
about how the Kinect is how the government is going to spy on us in our homes,
and all this.
I think, you know, and...
Which was totally the plot of an episode of Scandal.
I'm sorry, but this is going to, once again, out me
that I still read Kotaku occasionally.
Sorry, it's a hard habit to break, but...
You like trash, just admit it.
I have...
Listen, I fully understand...
Sometimes you find...
No, it's not that I'm...
Cans in the garbage, you can go recycle.
I'm entertained by what they're posting,
because honestly, I hold Polygon to the same level of garbage
in their postings, so...
I like to have the full picture, and I read everything.
And even if that means reading the same story like five times.
But they actually, one of their posts on there were
they were trying to get people to send messages to Fox News
because they wanted to run the whole campaign of
the Xbox One doesn't let our troops play games.
Oh, fuck that!
Because, you know, you...
Okay, so when Fox News decides to go on something,
some crazy-ass tangent that Mass Effect has crazy lesbian sex
and is corrupting our kids or whatever,
you know, you want to tear them down, but then,
oh, now it's suddenly convenient, we might need them to be a mouthpiece
to, you know, get on the gaming companies, like...
Go...
Get a new hobby, for fuck's sake.
And there's some questions in chat.
Polygon is garbage? Yes. I'm sorry.
I don't agree, by the way.
That's Loki's opinion, not mine.
That's my opinion. I'm sorry, let me change that review
five more times.
Actually, it isn't trash anymore. I think it's great.
Oh, nope, trash again. Nope, it's great.
Anyway, that's not what this episode's about.
Alright, here's what I wanted to say about the Always On Connect.
So, my assumption is, one of the reasons it needs to do that
is because, you know, to walk into your house and say like,
Xbox, turn on, and all this.
But now after what you said about the hole at once
to see how many people are in the room to watch a movie,
like, I kinda can't help but go, God, that's weird.
But... How are you gonna stop that?
Blocking it? They're gonna say something's blocking...
Why not? Why can't I just turn my connect around,
face the wall, and cover the mic?
Because they'll be like, where are you?
Then if the system does...
I'm gonna be honest. I am gonna be perfectly honest.
If that's how the system's gonna work,
that almost concerns me more than the used game hubble-oo thing.
Like, sometimes, guys, I like to, when I get home,
take off my pants, then sit down on the couch and play some video games.
And I don't necessarily need a camera on me,
showing what I look like down there in the corner or whatever,
when I'm doing that.
What if you get a quick Skype call?
What if I accidentally leave Skype open or, you know,
heaven forbid, the voice command, you know,
Xbox, broadcast live on Twitch?
I don't know what happens, you know?
I don't really want that.
That's stupid, bitch. Launching Twitch.
Yes, something like that. Exactly, right?
Now, I realize they're talking about these privacy settings and so forth,
but again, you're asking me to just fucking trust you.
One cool thing we forgot to mention is they're gonna have the same,
not really sharing feature, but it's gonna record your gameplay
and you can edit it with an editor and stuff.
That's kinda cool.
Yeah, but I just, you know, again, I don't need Connect to always be watching.
I just don't like that, yeah, it's always on stuff.
And here's the other thing, too, is it doesn't really serve me that well,
because I take my console, although, here's the thing,
I can't do that anymore, actually, now that I think of it,
because I take my console, well, I'd have to get another cable.
Set up again. I take my console and my game on a monitor that has DVI in.
I guess I have my DVI cables now, but whatever.
If I didn't have those cables, it only has DVI in or VGA in.
I can't do that because, see, I have all these wonderful cables for my Xbox 360.
I have a VGA cable that made it, it was fantastic.
But now that I got rid of that multi-AV port, I'm stuck with fucking HDMI.
Yes, I know, I could buy a brand new monitor that has HDMI in,
but why am I going to fucking spend more money to play a game system that I've got to buy also?
That's also going to have more expensive games. Why do I want to do that?
VogCoff in our chat room brings up another story that kind of ties into the whole Kinect thing.
Rob, all the voice commands being demoed on the Xbox One affected all Kinect users on 360,
stopping streams and such. I'm sure you've read about that,
where people that were watching the streams on the 360, the voice commands were fucking with the plug-in.
It's even worse than that, like actual stuff on TV.
Like, they were showing someone watching an episode of The Cleveland Show,
and it was saying something about their, like, stop.
You know, I'm going to stop that, and it kept stopping his stream when he was playing it,
and the only way he could do it was mute it to get past it.
So, like, if my Kinect is plugged in, think about it.
Somebody on live television could get up there and just yell into the microphone,
That's the old Kinect. The old Kinect doesn't determine, it only listens to sound.
The new Kinect is actually going to see you, and it's going to know which person is saying that, allegedly.
Unless, of course, you could mime it, and then someone else yells it out.
In which case, it probably wouldn't know.
But, I don't know. They're going to have a way around that.
It's more sophisticated now.
Alright, I think that covers most of the bases.
There's a few other stories that came out after the Xbox One.
Some things on a positive note, certainly, is that they're talking about a 1 versus 100 style game for Xbox One.
Not at launch, but certainly within the opportunity for the future.
And that doesn't necessarily mean it will be 1 versus 100.
But you know I never shut up about how great that was, and that it died way too soon on 360.
So I'm really excited that they are talking about bringing back that type of idea on Xbox One.
That would certainly make the system a lot more attractive.
Some YouTubes out there that are skewering the press conference a little bit,
one of them just repeats TV, TV, TV, Call of Duty, Call of Duty, Call of Duty, and sports, sports, sports, over and over again.
I don't think that those videos are as hilarious as the PlayStation 3 press conference a few years ago.
No, they had the same guy did it, and his was kind of funny.
But at the same time, you know, I didn't hate the press conference.
The press conference they had was exactly the type of stuff I expected.
It's everything that came out after the fact on the internet that's causing the concern.
The press conference itself was fine.
I had no problem with the press conference.
Yeah, it was literally all the information.
After the press conference I was like, I guess I'm going to have to get an Xbox One.
And then after the press conference I was like, not with this information though.
Alright, any other news type things that we need to bring up that you think we might have missed somewhere along the line?
PlayStation 4 is teasing the reveal of their console.
Yeah, I saw it the day before. It was funny.
Yeah, so.
We're going to open up the Skype line in a moment if you guys want to call in.
1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Again, that is if you are here with us live on Thursday night, May 23rd, 2013.
If you're hearing the rebroadcast on Sunday, we're actually not here.
We took Memorial Day weekend off, but we'll rebroadcast this on Sunday night.
We are going to open that up in just a moment, and we'll talk about some of the other news this week during that time.
But before I go to the phones and ask people where their head is at on the 360, or, whoops, Xbox One.
It's going to take me some time to get used to that.
I want to kind of ask you, Loki, where are you at right now with Xbox One?
I just need to figure out what they're doing.
Because they're going back and forth, and I don't even know how the used game thing works and what the online only stuff is.
And that's all software anyways, so that can be changed in a drop of a hat.
So, until it comes out, we don't know.
I just hope that they kind of figure out, hey, maybe that's not a good idea to do that right now.
You know, maybe wait until next generation.
Or, you know, I don't know.
It's just like, you know, EA.
They had news this week that, oh, it's like, we're actually developing some games for the Wii U, just not as many.
I mean, so, what's to say to EA?
I mean, it wouldn't be very popular, but what's to say EA couldn't say, haha, just kidding, we're going to have online passes anyways.
We changed our minds.
They're called, like, freedom passes now.
I'm in a similar boat where it's like, you know what, it's just too soon to make a determination on Xbox One.
There are some things I like that I'm hearing, and there are some things I don't like that I'm hearing.
And back to the golden rule of gaming, a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
And although I'm interested in Quantum Break, that's not enough for me right now.
I'm very curious to see what E3 brings when they unveil these other titles.
I bet there's going to be something in there, especially if Killer Instinct is one of the games, that's something that's going to give me great pause.
But, if they screw up this use thing or the connect thing, that could be a deal breaker for me.
But I'm not going to sit here and say, oh, I'm not buying, I'm definitely not buying one now.
Because my opinion can damn well flip flop one way or the other on E3.
It's just like people going, well, I'm definitely buying a PlayStation 4 now, I'm not buying an Xbox One.
I'm like, you don't even know what the hell they're doing.
I think Sony's got a lot to say, too.
And I know we haven't been talking about them tonight, because the focus hasn't been on them this week.
But there's still a lot of questions they've got to answer, too.
Like, we don't know what they're using, you know.
I think they've said that they support used games, but once again, they say they're supporting used games here, too.
Yeah, exactly. Microsoft's able to say the same thing, so I kind of need that to be crystal clear.
So, we'll find out more.
And again, at least I know how my Wii U works.
At least you'll get some games this year for it.
You know, I got to go here with you, though, Loki, because you're one of Nintendo's biggest critics.
But I was having some Twitter conversations earlier this week, and talking about Xbox One and all the tin-hat foil theories.
Do you see a path here where Nintendo could, and I don't want to sound fanboy here,
but do you see a path here where Nintendo could walk away with this holiday season?
No.
You know why? Why? Because the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 are still out there.
And I'm sorry, even if the Wii U does okay, you've still got all the really big games coming out on the current-gen consoles.
And hell, we can consider the Wii U a current-gen console, too, because it's pretty much the same as far as graphics go.
In fact, actually, it won't have Battlefield 4, so there's one strike against it.
I mean, you may not care for some people in any Zelda game. Who cares? Mario Kart, who cares?
But I don't think it's gonna...
I kind of care about Mario Kart. I think a lot of people do.
No, no, I'm saying who cares, because you have Mario Kart. That's what I'm saying.
I don't know. I don't buy all the systems from Mario Kart anyway, so who knows? Maybe we'll get a Wii U this fall.
Right? That's gonna be the hilarious thing that happens. I'm gonna laugh so fucking hard if that happens.
If Loki ends up walking out with a Wii U this holiday season.
No, I'm not. I'm not dumb enough.
Say that now.
No, I am saying that now, because Mario Kart 7 is kind of lame.
So I'm not gonna buy a system for one game, unless they have Excite Truck 2, in which case I will be buying that game.
Mario Kart, no, I'm sorry. It's not gonna be a big... Excite Truck, and if it's awesome, movie.
Black Wolf and chat bringing up a little thing that we missed. You can have more than 100 friends on Xbox One.
That's a thousand friends.
A thousand friends. That's great, but I have to express a little bit of disappointment. Why didn't they just roll that out on 360?
Wait a second. Actually, won't it have to be on 360? Because your live account's gonna be tied to the Xbox One.
So, how's that gonna work?
How's that gonna work?
If I get my friends list up to 150 on the Xbox One, what happens when I go back to my 360?
They're gonna have to fix it.
Ah, fuck you! Ah, we saw right through it. You're just trying to get us to buy another console.
Case closed.
Yeah, I guess there's gonna have to be a...
They're gonna need that extra cloud competing, you know, to figure out where your other friends are, I guess.
I don't know, or maybe only the first hundred will show up. Oh god, that would be so...
I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to give her... Only these hundred people get a rose. Everyone else will have to go home.
You're gonna have to go home and live on the Xbox One until I come back and visit you.
Alright, we're getting close to the end here of our little chat, but I do want to open it up, the Skype line, and see what you guys have to say.
So, if you are listening to us live on this Thursday night, May 23rd, go ahead and give us a call.
1-877-GAMELR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
We want to know your thoughts on Xbox One.
Some of the other news to come out from the world of gaming. Since there is no show this Sunday, I want to just throw some of these other things out here real quick.
Release date today for Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn, August 27th.
Yeah, it was August. I was guessing a week earlier. I was wrong.
Oh, you were wrong. August 27th, collector edition pre-orders are already available.
Looks like it's... I'm excited about XIV Realm Reborn.
I'd be more excited if it was, you know, a pay-to-play and that was it. No monthly fee.
I would definitely buy it. I'm not going to buy it.
Who knows? Who knows? One of the last holdouts is going free-to-play in June. Rift is finally going free-to-play.
Come on, Final Fantasy XI. What the hell?
Yeah, I seriously can't think of any games that charge a monthly fee at this point besides WoW and Final Fantasy XI and XIV. Or, in the future, XIV. But anyway.
Let's see. Over on Nintendo's side, a 3D version of Altered Beast coming to the 3DS eShop in Japan.
Neat.
Did you see Mario and Wario's Crowd Farter, the little parody of Kickstarter?
Yeah, that's right.
That was some great shade. I'm sorry. I was really a fan of that, what they did there.
The whole, like, if you share on Facebook and Twitter and it gets to certain levels, they'll unlock.
And, granted, a lot of the stuff they're talking about unlocking is kind of dumb. Like, you know, backgrounds and new trailers and things like that, which is a little silly.
But I just, I really love some of the parody they did of Kickstarters with their little Crowd Farter. That was pretty funny.
Again, 1877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to talk to us about the Xbox One.
EA may have backtracked a little bit on their earlier statements about the Wii U.
Yeah, that's so sweet.
This was coming from a comment from... trying to bring it up here.
This was from Jeff Brown, who is an EA spokesperson. Oh, sorry, that was the person who originally said no games in development for the Wii U currently.
Chief Financial Officer Blake Jorgensen, quote, you know, I will ultimately let consumers vote on PlayStation versus Xbox.
You know, I think Nintendo's business was more of an extension of their last console. We are building titles for the Nintendo consoles.
But not anywhere near as many as we are for PlayStation or Xbox.
And not in 2013.
Interesting. So I wonder what it is they're doing.
There's no, they haven't announced anything. There's nothing coming, unless they do maybe a port of Need for Speed when that comes out.
Or maybe a port of whatever Star Wars project's coming up. Because, you know, if the Wii U is the, and I'm using my little quotey fingers, kiddie console, then, you know, maybe a Star Wars thing on the Wii U would make a lot of sense.
They could do a Lego Star Wars game on the other one, you know, or something like that.
I think, well, I can guarantee that they don't have, well, they don't have NCAA, they don't have FIFA, they don't have Madden, they don't have NBA Live as a Wii U title, and definitely not Battlefield.
So, so far, I don't think there's anything left this year that EA's putting out that has a Wii U title to it. They have nothing coming.
So, if it's anything, it's gonna be, you know, 2014, and maybe the next round of sports games, maybe they're gonna, maybe, I think they're gonna take a wait and see approach and see how, you know, the sales go of the console.
If it picks up in the fall, then it'll warrant them making a Wii U version. It's always what it's been. It's not been, I don't think, a personal vendetta against them or something because of any sort of draconian DRM thing.
Or tinfoil hat that they've made a pact with Microsoft.
It makes sense because everybody's doing it. It's not just EA. Everybody's not making stuff for the Wii U because they're just not selling the main consoles. It costs a lot of money to port your game over, and if you're only gonna sell, like, 100,000 copies, then it's not worth it.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, dress.
Square Enix apparently gonna be doing some E3 video shows.
Shocking! It's a video!
Well, at least they're not making everybody go and get tickets to go in the theater to just sit there and watch a bunch of trailers. At least they're not doing that, to be fair.
They should. They should make you get tickets and wait on line.
You think? That would be kind of funny. Let's go to the phones. Finally, it's lighting up. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Sterlok.
Hey, Sterlok. What's up, buddy?
Not too much. Just wanted to talk about the Xbox One a little bit here.
Yeah, you had a very interesting Twitter rant earlier this week that a lot of people might not be thinking of. I don't know if you were gonna tap into that or...
Yeah, definitely. That's definitely part of it. So, yeah, well, we don't know if this is... Do we know if this is actually true or not, the whole code thing?
We don't. They are not gonna say one way or the other until E3. There's a lot of very vague... There's a lot of vague vagueness right now, so we just don't know. We have nothing but internet wank to go off of and conspiracy tinfoil hat theories.
Yeah, that's what I figured. But if they do go that route and you have to enter a code, say, on the box, like the online passes worked, that essentially means that if I want to play a new game on the Xbox One, I'm gonna have to get someone cited to enter the code for me.
And sometimes it might be a little while before someone's got the time that can do that. Like with the 360 and every other console, I can't just buy a game and pop it in the system.
We don't know if it's gonna work that way.
As a blind gamer, do you run into accessibility issues on any current-gen consoles when it comes to being able to just kinda pop in and play a new game? Do you ever have to get assistance there?
It's mostly just memorizing how the layout of the menus and stuff work. I had to kind of... And I'm gonna have to do it again probably when they update the 360's dashboard.
But it's mostly just memorizing the dashboard just to know how the hell to get to the XBLA games. That's really all it is. It's not that big of a deal.
Well, hopefully they will do some type of accessibility. I mean, I can understand why they can't spend a lot of time at their 60-minute little unveiling to talk about accessibility. But it would be nice to hear a little bit about that.
And they could do it. What a lot of people are pushing for now, and I think this argument has a little more traction now with this whole all-in-one entertainment center thing that they're trying to do.
There really should be some sort of accessibility thing built in. Because Windows 8 now has... They redid their narrator screen reader, which they've kinda always had, but it's always been sort of a joke.
But they redid it for Windows 8, and it's actually not that bad. So they could probably, if they really wanted to, do... But I think, honestly, we're just such a small market, really, that it doesn't really matter to do them. It's not really cost-effective for them to do that.
Yeah, but that's such a... I don't know, that perspective would just be so harsh. It's not cool, you know? It makes me not want to like them.
But it's just the way it is. But with the voice commands, that does alleviate some of it. With the Kinect voice commands.
I guess that's... Okay, so I guess there's a positive in there, is that, yeah, if you can kinda drive the entire console with your voice, you may not need to memorize the menus, right?
Yeah, exactly. I could just say, hey, play... I don't know, well, I can't say another XBLA game. I wanna play Guardian Heroes or something.
Yeah, yeah.
But it kinda sucks that not even XBLA games are backwards compatible. That's kind of a big downer.
Yeah, it is, but, you know, the old...
360, I can understand. That makes sense, because it's a complete... But, I don't know, XBLA games, you'd think they could figure something out.
It's the chipset. I mean, it sucks, but I'm hoping that it has long-term payoff with better games.
But, yeah, it would sure add a lot of better value if we could have the backwards compatibility, that's for sure.
Also, I wanted to bring up, I don't know if it's in the show role, but this Rare announcement.
Mm-hmm. Go ahead.
What do you guys think it's gonna be?
We touched on it earlier, and I'm pretty solid on Killer Instinct, just based on the earlier leaks, and that Microsoft rumors tend to be true.
I mean, hell, most of the rumors about this thing ended up being true, right? Pretty much.
Killer Instinct is pretty much the one thing that will guarantee me, no matter what they do with the Xbox One, that will guarantee me a purchase.
It's all about the games, isn't it?
Killer Instinct, man, anything with Killer Instinct on it, I will buy.
You'll sell these morals about codes and things like that for some more Killer Instinct.
Yes.
There's a lot of gamers that are like that.
It's one of the best fighting games ever fucking made.
Yeah, I know. Tell Loki about it.
As long as they get the original announcer back.
Mm-hmm.
They gotta get that original announcer with the c-c-c-c-cabo breaker.
Alright, uh, uh, Sturlock, I gotta let you go to get more calls, but any other, uh, last thoughts for our listeners?
Um, uh, E3 is gonna be really interesting this year.
To say the least. Alright, buddy, you take care.
Alright, you too.
Alright, bye.
Uh, now our phone's ringing a little bit more. Let's go to another call. We already have another call coming in.
Hi, Aaron Orange on the radio, who's this?
Hello, it's Shane.
Hey, Shane, how you doing?
I am fine.
Happy birthday!
Thank you.
You're listening to this little show on your birthday?
It's, like, almost midnight here, so the day's, like, pretty much over.
Oh, okay. Your 30th birthday, nonetheless.
My fifth, 25th birthday, thank you very much.
Oh, okay, Bobby Blackwolf. Alright, uh, what's on your mind? What'd you want to say tonight?
I am so excited for Final Fantasy XIV after today.
What do you want to say? Wait a minute, you didn't call in to talk about Xbox One?
Oh, who cares about that stupid system?
I, for my job, which I'm sure I've talked about what my job is, but I don't need to say it now,
but I was talking with, uh, retail people about it, um, on Wednesday.
Like, people that work at, like, maybe Target and Walmart and GameStop and all that.
Nobody had something positive to say about it. Everybody was hating on it.
Every single person I talked to.
Were they hating on the press conference or were they hating on the internet hysteria that happened afterwards?
They were hating on the details that were being said.
Nothing about what a waste of, you know, an hour that was or, um, man, everybody's up in arms on the internet.
They were like, this is the stuff that I read about that came out of that conference.
This is what I saw at the conference. I don't care about anything they said.
I was like, yeah, okay, that makes sense. Same boat as most everybody.
Uh, where, where's your head out with Xbox One right now? Is it something you think you would pick up or?
Killer Instinct can't make me pick that up. And that says a lot.
Because I love Killer Instinct.
Can't E3 still change your mind? I mean, what if it does turn out this situation with the used games and the Kinect is not as bad as we're all making it out to be?
And E3 shows us everything's just fine. Would that change your mind?
No, because before going into the press event, like, Microsoft doesn't have anything exclusive that I care enough about
that would make me want to shell out the money for a brand new VCR.
Like, I, with the other two companies, they have exclusives I care about.
Microsoft had Alan Wake, which they don't really do anything with anymore.
And Dance Central, which I'll get by. I'll get by not having Dance Central.
Who knows if it'll stay Kinect or Microsoft only or if it will go to, like, Sony's new camera-y thing. Who knows?
But those two wouldn't have been enough. And if somehow they let Rare do something cool and, like, make Killer Instinct, well, honestly, Killer Instinct 1 was fantastic and 2 was crap.
So they don't really have a great history either with that franchise. It's like the now-defunct Silicon Knights. They make one good game and everything else they make is crap.
Sorry, I'm laughing at what Alan Alchemy says in our chatroom at live.hognetwork.com.
Mass Effect 4, Caden Academy, Xbox One exclusive. Would that change your mind?
Possibly.
There we go.
Okay, if Mass Effect somehow became an exclusive there and didn't require Kinect stuff, then...
See? The right game will make you sell all your morals.
But I don't think it would be possible for it to do that because EA wants money and they're not gonna put a game like Mass Effect on one system again. They did that for Mass Effect 1.
I've seen weirder things happen in gaming. Alright, I gotta wrap up soon so we can get more calls, but I do want you to have your say on Final Fantasy XIV. So what would you like to say about Rome Reborn?
Everybody needs to watch the new trailer. It's beautiful and the box art for the collector's edition is super pretty and I am so pumped up for this game that I preordered it twice.
Why would you preorder it twice? I don't get it.
Because I want the collector's edition and I want a way to play it on PS3, but I did not want the PS3 collector's edition.
Alright. Anything else, Shane, before I let you go?
Bobby, I can talk about whatever I want when I'm on the phone, so I don't want to talk about the Xbox one.
Don't use this as a platform to yell at chatters. Go into the chatroom and yell at them that way. Alright. Take care, Shane.
Oh, he hung up on me. I hope your birthday sucks once left of it. Six minutes.
Alright. I hope you get an earthquake in the next six minutes. No, I don't. I don't mean that.
Alright, let's go to the phones. Hi, you're on Orange is Honest Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this. Hack Def.
Hey, Hack Def. What's on your mind?
Well, talking about the Xbone or the XB1, whatever.
The Xboner, yeah.
Well, one thing most people don't, well, I think they haven't talked or thought into consideration is the price.
Maybe, how about if the XB1 or even the PS4 are cheap enough to even, like, it doesn't matter the factor of all the crappy things they're announcing for it.
Maybe if the price is low, will people get it?
Well, you know, these rumors keep going around, which, you know, Microsoft rumors tend to be true.
And which is funny because it came up on one of our list lists, you know, last year.
The Xbox could go the subsidy route where maybe an Xbox One will only cost you $199.99.
But with a two-year contract obligation to Xbox Gold or Xbox Network for Halo TV or whatever they decide to add in with it.
Well, yeah, it may work, but I really wonder if people will just go ahead and buy it, even or despite all the things, just because it's cheap.
So, that's most of what I think right now.
Though, in general, I wouldn't get an Xbox One, at least not at launch, maybe.
Mostly because it doesn't have a component or an RCA port, so I don't have an HDTV.
Interesting.
And most people, I know, maybe do have an HDTV that handles HDMI.
But I don't know that many people.
I have a pretty early, I shouldn't say very early, I have a pretty early HDTV where mine only had component cables.
It did not have, it wasn't capable of doing 1080p either. It could do 1080i but not 1080p.
Oh, yeah. See, my other TV I have only has DVI and it can only do 1080i.
Yeah. So, yeah, you couldn't, I couldn't do, that's the TV that's in our bedroom. I couldn't do an HDMI.
That reminds me, so, I know that it's going to support, you know, those resolutions and stuff, but is it going to get all fucked up when you try to hook up your system?
Is it going to try to do 1080p and it's like, oh, sorry, can't do 1080p on this TV, so fuck you.
Yeah, I don't know. Well, a lot of people have only 720 TVs though because of like 299 sales at Walmart and whatever.
I just, I don't know how it's going to work.
Maybe it will have native, native resolution. Don't know.
What if there was a converter, you know, something you could do to convert the signal? Would that change your mind?
You can. You can.
Oh, well, there it is. HDMI to DVI or even I think component.
I have one of those.
But even then, it's like not having the greatest quality, so I wouldn't get that even though I could easily get a replacement for it.
I would rather have an HDTV. And right now, I know HDTVs are cheap in the United States, but get on my side of the border.
Those things are hell expensive.
And that was a response to a comment from Rama in the chat who said HDTVs are cheap. Don't give me that shit.
But yeah, you live in Mexico and, you know, there might be fees to import things and whatever.
Just, you know, sometimes, you know, it doesn't cost the same that it would here, so it makes sense.
You could, don't you sometimes travel to the States, though, to make big purchases? You could. You could, right?
I could, yeah, but it's still something that is easy to do because the customs, if you have certain merchandise over a certain price, you have to, well, register.
Declare it and all that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, okay, but so basically, your big holdup on Xbox One is that it's just going to be too big of a pain in the ass to actually play the thing.
And I'm getting the sense there's really nothing yet. I mean, granted, we haven't had E3, but there's nothing yet that's really selling you on the system.
But could it, I mean, if they come out at E3 and say killer instinct, are we going to be having a different conversation or is there a game that would make you go,
alright, I'll get in the car and drive to get my HDTV. I mean, is there any game that would make you start putting that in motion?
They already have it. It's Force of Five. I want Force of Five, but the console isn't, it isn't worth buying the console for just that game.
Maybe, yeah, if they announce more games at E3, they will, but if they announce games that interest me, like, yeah, Killer Instinct is going to be like, wow, I have to get the console.
But many other games, too, that will at least warrant, well, not warrant, because, to justify the buying the console and getting all the trouble or passing all the trouble.
I gotta say, though, as much as Force of Five looks cool, I want a Force of Horizon 2.
Oh, yeah.
I don't even, don't hate me, but I don't even really like the Force of Games, but because Force of Horizon was more of like an arcade style, like, I loved it.
You know what I want? I want, and just because we don't have it yet, how many consoles are launching right now, and no fucking Ridge Racer. Seriously. There is no Ridge Racer.
Good question.
What the hell.
Wait for E3. Wait for E3.
I want Ridge Racer. I don't care. I liked Ridge Racer 6. Ridge Racer 6 is awesome.
I think Sony should make a nod to their little blunder from a few years ago, and I think they should get Kazurai up on stage to go.
And, ladies and gentlemen, one more game, you guys. It's Ridge Racer!
Even better.
I want him to come out, I want him to come out on a Power Wheels, like, Corvette or something like that, and he's all, Ridge Racer!
With the little bike helmet crashing off the stage, yes.
Yeah.
Alright.
That would be cool.
Alright, Act Def, I gotta let you go. I'm gonna try to squeeze in one more call, but thanks for the call and the insight.
Oh, yeah, thanks. Thanks for having me.
Alright, no problem. Take care, buddy.
We'll try to squeeze in one more call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Keep in mind, you can also always email your thoughts, mailbag at orangeslaunchradio.com.
I did see a couple emails in there already. I'll save those for Jamie in the next Sunday's show, just because we want to wrap, it's 10 o'clock on the West Coast, and I know it's like 1 a.m. for you guys on the East Coast.
So we want to wrap up here pretty soon, so we'll do mailbag more on next week's show.
But I do want to see if we can get one more call in, so 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Before we get to whatever call comes in, any other news that came out this week we want to get to?
There's a new game from Techland that they announced that's a zombie free-running game.
It looks like Mirror's Edge Crosswood Dead Island. Looks neat. It's 2014.
Also, I know that there was some Amazon overseas stuff that listed Mirror's Edge 2. I don't know if that's wishful thinking, or maybe they're going to announce a new Mirror's Edge game.
Sounds good to me either way.
That would be nice. I wonder if that's one of the 15 games. It might be.
Alright, we do have one more call coming in, so let's go to the phones and take it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Zappi.
Hey, Zappi. How you doing?
I'm pretty good.
Long time, no talk. How you been?
Pretty good. Can't complain.
Good. Alright. So, Xbox One?
Yeah, I've been checking out this Xbox One.
Yeah?
They're going to crash and burn. This feels like Windows 8 Take 2.
Why do you say that?
Well, first of all, they're blowing it off Windows. They were talking about the conference about using the Windows kernel, and they're putting that little snapping thing aside because what you want to be doing while you're playing a game is using the internet or whatever.
Sure, maybe for epic cues, but...
You know, I will say that is one thing we didn't see at the press conference that I did expect to see more of is that we didn't really see any type of like, you know, this is how it works with your PC.
We did see the tablet thing, but they didn't say it was specific to Windows Phone or Windows tablet. You know, they implied it would work with iPads, but they don't want to say that.
We didn't see as much of that as I thought we would. Not a single mention of Windows 8 that I recall.
No.
Yeah, like they only said Windows kernel, which could mean anything. They could even have Metro apps. Who knows?
But what seemed like most interesting was the Skype looked exactly like it looked in Windows 8.
Yeah, well, you know, I understand though that they want to keep like a similar look and feel and what have you.
I thought that's why they have their kernel so they can run the Windows 8 apps. I mean, why else would you have three kernels on that goddamn thing?
Yeah, no, they also have eight cores to be playing around with, so they gotta be doing something with it.
You know, that makes me think that it would be so easy to make games for Xbox One because, you know, you can make the games in Windows or whatever.
And then I go, oh yeah, one thing we didn't touch on earlier in the show, they're not going to let indies self-publish.
It's the one platform where indies are not going to be able to self-publish.
I don't think they've said anything yet about that.
But then they say they're going to have something worked out for indies at some point.
Yeah, okay, so they're backpedaling on somebody's way too soon comment. All right, fair enough.
The one thing that scared me of the Skype thing is I get to the nice ending of Halo 5 and, oh, I got a Skype call completely ruining the ending for me.
Well, you would set your Skype to Do Not Disturb, right?
Hopefully, but half the time I probably wouldn't remember.
Yeah, yeah.
Also, that made me think that maybe the true next generation is the Steam Box.
Is that where you think you might go with gaming right now?
Yeah, a nice little box that plugs into my TV, fully backwards compatible with all the games I bought before. It's starting to seem really appealing.
But is there anything Microsoft could do to win you over? I've talked with a lot of the previous callers about that one game that's going to get you to just go back on everything you said.
Is there something out there that might do that for you?
I don't think so. I've been thinking about it.
Sony has a lot more exclusives than I'd want to be playing that might maybe backfill, but Microsoft, Gears of War isn't exactly this killer game I need to play.
It's fun, but it's not the game I need, so I don't think there's anything Microsoft can do.
Well, and there's going to be some people that are like that. There's just like, you know what, there's really nothing, and I certainly know people like that, there's really nothing Microsoft has to offer that's going to convince me to get the console.
What about other, are you currently a Wii U owner at all?
Like I saw it at Costco for $200 for the core unit, and I still couldn't bring myself to buy it.
Wow.
Because there just is no games, and there's none coming on Horizon 1. Wind Waker, I played that for the billionth time.
Well, to be fair, wait for E3, you never know. I don't think you should buy a console in anticipation of games six months from now.
But, you know, there might be something to make you go, okay, I got to start saving up for the holiday.
I don't know, Nintendo needs to be having their E3 conference so that doesn't give a lot of faith.
What about PlayStation 4?
I'm mildly optimistic. It's so far what they've shown me, but it's good, but I haven't seen much of it because they just showed off a couple of early games.
Probably not in 2013 because Killzone isn't selling me on a console.
Alright, well, anything else you want to share with the listeners before I let you go or wrap up the show?
No, that's it.
Alright, well, good to hear from you. You take care.
Alright, you too.
Alright, later.
Later.
Alright, that's going to do it for our calls tonight. Thank you guys for calling in.
Sorry if you wanted to call in and you didn't get through, but remember you can always email your thoughts.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
Any other things we want to touch on tonight, Loki?
Onomatoguchi's new album is awesome.
That's what I hear. I can't wait to check it out.
If you go kickstart it, you might find that in their updates, they have the album for you.
There you go. Awesome.
Alright, well, all the segments you know from the show will be back next week when we do the show again, which would be Sunday...
I've got to look at the day here. I think it's the show before E3? No, it would be Sunday, June 2nd.
First second.
That will be our next show. Sunday, June 2nd will be our next show.
That's not quite the pre-E3 show. That's going to be Sunday, June 9th, but certainly the news is going to start ramping up.
We'll have a lot to talk about. All your favorite segments from the show will be back.
I can't wait for more next Xbox name rumors.
Really?
No, I'm just kidding. There's not going to be any because they were announcing it.
There could be peripherals though.
There should be some...
It's going to be the Xbox 2.
Alright, well, before we close up shop tonight, do you have any final thoughts, Loki?
Yeah, so VOG game night is going to be tomorrow night now, which will be Friday if you're listening to this on the podcast.
So, you're too late.
Not necessarily. I'm going to put the podcast up tonight.
So, Friday. Friday around 8 to 8.30 because we usually let Josh see a little later on Friday.
Team Fortress 2.
So, free. So, go check it out.
And... I don't know. I've never played it. So, we'll be interested.
I'm going to try to make it this time.
See, I don't know. I'm going to have to have someone hold my hand here as far as setting up games and stuff because I have no fucking clue.
Like I said, I've never, ever played the game.
Talk to ActAft. He's pretty seasoned in the game.
Maybe he can host or something. I don't know.
So, we'll do that.
I was still thinking maybe I might move it to Friday nights going forward because I think it's easier for people to stay up later.
Especially on the East Coast because it's weekend.
Sure.
And maybe not this week, but I have all the stuff to start recording.
So, we'll be streaming that hopefully soon.
Actually, if you guys are doing Team Fortress 2, I should be able to stream that tomorrow.
On the Orange Lounge Radio channel.
Yeah, it's PC. I can stream on PC. So, that'll be fun.
Yeah.
Alright, cool. Alright, well, I guess that's going to do it.
Thank you guys very much for supporting Independent Podcasting.
I know this wasn't one of our regular shows.
You know, Dark Sakura wasn't here for one and we didn't do our regular segments.
But if you enjoyed our little banter and you enjoyed what you heard, tell a friend about the show.
Because there's plenty more across 500 plus other episodes of the show and more to come.
You know, your word of mouth and helping to spread the word of the show is what keeps us afloat.
Because, you know, we don't have the resources to raise thousands and thousands of dollars to promote and buy ads and so forth.
So, thank you guys very much for supporting the show.
Leave us a nice word on iTunes or Stitcher Radio or whatever.
And thanks for listening to us talk about Xbox One for a little while.
We want to hear your voices too. Don't forget the mailbag, Twitter, Facebook and all that good stuff.
So, we'll see you back here on June 2nd, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern for another live show.
Have a great night everybody. See ya.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music
