DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, May 5th, 2013, one Wii U game finally goes free to play in the US.
Could more be coming?
Could creators of Nyan Cat Sue one video game maker?
And could Respawn's next game be an Xbox exclusive?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live with this episode number 503 for May the 5th of 2013.
Happy Cinco de Mayo to you guys.
And on behalf of all Americans, I'd like to apologize to Mexico for Chevy's.
Because what is, seriously, what is Chevy's?
Delicious? They have like the salad that I freaking like.
And that corn stuff that I'm allergic to, I freaking love.
You bite your, you shut your whore mouth.
The voice of reason over there telling me to shut my whore mouth.
The one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Rob's mouth is a dirty whore.
You know, people can take that a lot of different ways and I don't appreciate you slandering me on this program.
Your mouth is a freshly brushed whore.
What is that even supposed to mean?
It means it's clean. You brush your teeth.
Also say hello to Tech Master Loki, who I will not call names for one minute.
I think Reggie has sent you a secret Cinco de Mayo message because apparently your Wii is glowing.
Oh, that Wii has been glowing for like two weeks.
No, actually, not even that. About a week.
And honestly, my honest reaction when that thing started glowing blue,
and I already know what the message is thanks to a news story coming up later,
but when it started glowing blue, my honest reaction was it was plugged in.
I swear to God, I was like the Wii was plugged in.
I thought I unplugged it after I moved all the,
well, because there's literally nothing left on my Wii.
I did the little Pikmin transfer thing to my Wii U because I wanted the discount on the virtual console games.
So there's no reason for me to have the Wii except to use, what,
forecast channel and spin the globe and see what the weather's like in South Pole.
And then in June, they're pulling the plug on that.
So I won't even be able to see what the weather's like in the South Pole anymore
unless I actually pull up an internet web browser and look at weather.com or whatever.
What do you have that I have in my hand right now? You have an iPhone.
A microphone.
All you have to, bite me, all you have to do is just put in, like, Antarctica on your phone and, hold on.
Siri, you whore, what is, nothing, what is the temperature in Antarctica?
I'm gonna see if Siri will answer. God, fucking Siri.
Yeah, yeah, how great, yeah, how fucking wonderful.
Oh!
I can't find things in Antarctica. Can you be more specific?
Yeah, you bitch.
Yeah, that awesome device you have in your hand. Yeah, technology, so great, innit?
The joys of live radio.
Yeah, no one can see me flip off, Rob.
Also, say hello to our live audience and the ever-present fourth guest on our program,
the chatters, live.vognetwork.com.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Once again, that's live.vognetwork.com.
Misty started us off tonight saying, fucking Siri indeed. See?
There you go, all the VOG listeners hate Siri, confirm.
Oh, I feel so bad for True, having your first card being 84 Mustang,
which is like one of the worst years for Mustangs.
Tiger Claw on chat says, did you see this week's SNL's weekend update
when they made fun of Google Glasses?
Yeah, what do you think about that whole Google Glasses thing?
I think it's too expensive.
Yeah, do we know the price on those yet?
Aren't they like three grand?
$1,500.
Yeah, it was something, I knew it was at least over $1,000, so.
Yeah, and I think you have to be like cordially invited to test it out, too.
That's like, if I had that kind of money, I'd just say, fuck it, Club 33.
Well, it's just because I didn't reply back to their tweets or whatever.
Are you supposed to say it on Google Plus? I'm not really sure how that works.
Yeah.
So they're like, I want to record everything I do.
Okay, we'll give you one for free.
Yeah.
VXJ6V in chat says, Rob Roberts, you skipped Loki? No, I didn't.
I said I would not make fun of him for a whole week.
Remember when I talked about the glowing light on the Wii? Where were you?
Well, remember, Colorado did just recently legalize a little something something.
I'm kidding. I know Jason's not into that. Let's see.
What was the other comment? Oh, SH2100Matt says, Jamie just wishes Siri was more like Edie.
No, I do not.
True. True facts. She might not be Joker.
I want the Seth Green voice for my phone because that would be real.
Actually, no, I want GLaDOS for my phone so that I can get directions while I'm being berated.
Can't you get like a GLaDOS GPS thing? I think I saw that somewhere.
You know what else they have? They have a SpongeBob one.
And I went to a pinball event and the guy had one.
And I was like, make it stop, make it stop, make it stop, make it stop, make it stop.
All right. Before we get into our gaming weeks, which we always start off the show with,
I thought maybe we could start tonight by talking about the Ouya,
which is this ongoing saga of Loki's where you are one of the first few thousand people
that backed the Ouya, right?
Number 1226.
Which, in the scope, how many people actually pre-ordered it?
63,000 something. Well, 63,000 people backed it.
Most of them backed it with getting a console.
Right.
So, I'm sure it's a little less.
So, you were still one of the first few.
Yeah, it was the first day.
So, you finally got your Ouya after waiting a couple weeks and what happened?
It took like a month.
They sent me a ship. It was going to ship like back in April.
I don't remember. It was like the second week of April or something.
And it took like two weeks to get here.
But it's here.
It's here now.
So, you got it this week. You were putting some YouTubes up, right?
Yeah, I was putting up YouTubes because there's not really a whole ton of information.
What's your username on YouTube? LokiOLR.
LokiOLR.
Yeah, so I've got like four YouTube videos on there.
Okay, here's how I was shooting these videos.
We were still playing games over in our game room, which is basically an empty half of a building that we don't use anymore.
So, it's just me over there when I go to play games.
And then, so I used two office chairs with that box and that Xbox 360 controller and leaned my phone against it.
And just to give you guys some perspective, this Ouya came in like literally a shoebox.
Like I would expect to see shoes in there.
Yeah, it's a shoebox. Sort of, yeah.
And the Ouya itself is a tiny little thing.
They say it's about the size of a Rubik's Cube.
Dark Soccer was balancing it on her head earlier and I would say...
I'm going to take a picture of it in comparison to the coffee cup.
Yeah, it's about the size of the coffee cup. Actually, the coffee cup's bigger.
The coffee cup is bigger.
Which shows you...
I'm going to put my iPad behind it.
Which shows you the priorities of our caffeine intake here at OLR.
So, Dark Soccer's going to take a picture for OrangeNoseRadio.com right now.
Does that go to Tumblr too when you do that?
It can.
Okay.
So, yeah. So I got it and I did the firmware update that they had on there.
And started downloading games.
And then like one of the first few days I started trying to sideload stuff.
Because I wanted to see what exactly you could sideload on it.
It's weird because they don't really have a way to root it.
Although you're supposed to be able to root it straight out of the box and be able to do everything with it.
But it's still very early. I would still consider this like a beta test.
And for any outlet out there, especially Polygon or any of those guys to be reviewing this as an actual retail release.
It's so fucking retarded. It's mind boggling.
So when you actually power this thing on for the first time, what happens? What does it look like?
Is there a polished interface at all?
Yeah, there's an interface. Basically, first you have to sync your controller.
So it says push the button on your controller until two lights show up.
And you do that. It's really painless.
And then once you've done that, you set up your wifi if you don't have it hooked up to the ethernet.
So you set up your wifi and then you either create an account or you log into an existing account with Ouya.
If you need to have it or not.
So I had an account already so I logged into mine and that's it.
And then you're greeted. Well, I had to do a system update after that.
So you do a system update and then you go back to the main menu.
And then you have four menu options you get to choose from.
They have one that's basically settings.
They call them all different things like manage or something.
They have a section that's make, which is basically all the side loaded stuff.
Where if you're developing a game for Ouya, it's where you would dump your APKs and stuff.
And where you'd be able to play that stuff.
And then there's discover, which is their store.
They have that. And then play, which is going to be all your games.
So I went to the store and just downloaded everything.
As much as I could.
And there was some stuff that I wanted to play since I'd seen video of it.
One of my first downloads was No Breaks of L.A.
Because I was like, this looked hilarious on the video when I saw it.
And yeah, it's pretty hilarious.
Is the Final Fantasy 3 on there yet?
I have Final Fantasy 3, I have the demo for it.
I've been paying $15 for that.
And that's the thing too. I've downloaded everything I've downloaded so far.
I've not had to put any of my credit card information in yet.
So you don't have to put it in until you want to actually buy something.
I think they changed that too in one of the very first.
They had the whole rabble rabble on the internet about that.
And it changed pretty quick.
And you can go in and change that stuff.
And I think you can even remove it at any time or something.
So what about the hacking and all this?
It's supposed to be this whole open thing.
Did you get in there and try to figure out?
The first question I asked you was, did you get the emulators working?
Yeah, I have the emulators. I wasn't really...
It's emulators, so I haven't really bothered.
I know what Mario Kart 64 looks like.
I'm not in a huge hurry to put that on there yet.
Sometimes the emulators can be a little crappy.
I do want to play with it.
It's like they have GSNES, which I recognize that as a PC thing.
And they have, I think, SNES 9X on there.
I don't remember what the Nintendo 64 one was.
And they just added one for the DS, which I don't know how the hell that would work.
But I guess it will.
And what else?
Some other cool things I found out about it.
You can sync Xbox 360 controllers and PlayStation 3 controllers to it.
Oh nice.
Although I have not gotten that to work correctly.
I noticed though, the Ouya controller, you were letting me kind of get a feel for it.
It's not that bad.
It's not bad. The only thing that bothers me a slight little bit is just the shoulder buttons.
The shoulder buttons just kind of feel weird because they're big and fat.
And so it's a little strange to me.
But, you know, they work.
So, I don't know. It'll be alright.
But all the directional buttons...
I'm not even really a big deal about the letters being different on there.
They're the same colors as the Xbox 360 stuff.
So I just go by color anyway.
So I'm like, okay.
You pick it up in like a second and that's it.
It's not that jarring.
It's like going between the PS3 and the 360.
It's not that big a deal.
But yeah, they have like one game.
It supports up to like eight players with the 360 and the PS3 stuff.
Although, see, the PS3 controllers do work.
But I can't get both of them synced.
I'm not sure if I'm doing it right.
Because when I try to sync a PS3 controller to it, my Ouya controller becomes unsynced.
And it's supposed to be able to just add it as a second controller.
But I'm not doing something right.
I don't really know what it is.
That's not a big deal.
I mean, it's not something that's really officially supported anyway.
But, you know, games...
I've checked out some of the games on there.
They're pretty cool.
I side-loaded Grand Theft Auto 3.
Which is... it works.
I haven't played 3 on my phone.
So I don't know how...
Actually, I did play 3 on my iPod one time.
But then I was like, this is way too big.
And it doesn't work very well with the touch control, so I deleted it.
I asked about Final Fantasy 3 specifically because I've played the DS version of that.
I've emulated the NES one from way back in the day with the translation patch.
But more recently, I've played the iPhone, iPad version of it and the DS version.
So I'm kind of curious how the Ouya one compares.
I'm sure it's probably the same.
Especially if it's Android.
I don't remember if Square released that on Android, but I wouldn't be surprised.
I think they have.
So I checked out why I've downloaded that.
I haven't gotten a chance to play it.
I played a game called The Ball, which is alright.
It's kind of like a puzzle game.
A first-person puzzle game, similar to Portal or something like that.
Except without the portals.
I played a game called Phase, which is also a little similar to Portal.
You change the phase of your shield or whatever and you can go in between certain force fields.
And if you have it in the opposite phase, those force fields are solid.
So you have to play with that mechanic and stuff.
I played this Pingu poker game, which is something I'll probably be reviewing soon.
It's pretty fun.
It kind of reminded me of a poker RPG game that was on the iOS platforms.
I don't remember what that was called.
Puzzle poker, or Swords and Poker, that's what it was.
You used to love the hell out of that game on iOS.
This is not necessarily like that.
It's not an RPG or anything.
It's basically a combination of poker and bingo.
You have so many cards, and so you're making hands based on the way you'd score in bingo.
Clarifying comment from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Game Guru says,
Squeenix did release Final Fantasy 3 on the Amazon store, I believe.
That makes sense.
Why not? If people are going to pay the $15 for it, go for it, right?
Yeah, I think they probably released it everywhere.
Okay, so to try and wrap up, because this is only a three-hour show.
You paid, what, $100?
What was your donor note?
$99 for this a year ago.
Here's your Ouya.
How do you feel?
Worth it?
It's alright.
Situation to tell?
It's alright.
It's a little soon to tell.
I mean, it's kind of like a console that plays Xbox Live Indie games.
That's pretty much it.
I mean, they're going to have some exclusive stuff eventually.
Which is alright.
I mean, in some of it, it's kind of like, woo, yeah.
With Microsoft clearly sunsetting that whole thing, unless we get surprised on the 21st.
With Microsoft clearly, that's a great vision for the console.
What this reminds me of.
It reminds me of this looks-wise.
And I'm not saying this to insult the machine.
Aesthetically, it looks like those weird kind of blingy stuff that they give you at employee fairs.
When they open up your medical benefits and they try to give you stuff to advertise whatever the provider is.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I thought you got little squishy stress balls from that stuff.
You get squishy balls and sometimes you get like...
Okay, if that squishy ball was in a square shape with a rounded edge, yes.
It looks like a cup holder that I got from one of those things.
Okay, I'm with you there.
If you were to take the top off, that looks like a thing that literally sits on my desk at work that holds my pants.
Some other things about the console.
It doesn't just do games. Of course it does other applications.
I mean, you can pretty much load anything you want on it.
It's got Twitch on there right now.
So you can actually view Twitch streams and stuff through that.
It's got... I don't know if it's Stitcher.
Some radio thing I don't actually listen to a lot.
But I recognize the app. I just don't listen to any of these radio apps except for Pandora.
But it's got a radio app on there. A music thing.
And Minecraft worked great on it.
Except the controls don't work because right now they have the controls locked to just the...
Well, the controller stuff, they have it locked to the Sony one that...
What was it? The...
What the fuck is that called?
The Sony... Remember their stupid...
Almost like the PSP phone, but it wasn't the phone.
Oh, yeah.
Experience play or something.
So they have it locked to that.
And a future update is going to update it with controller support.
And I think it'll run.
But it runs smooth.
It runs smooth. You can use...
Because it has a touch pad on the actual controller.
So you can use that to click the buttons a little bit.
And there's also other apps I can get, I think, where I can map stuff to the buttons.
But I haven't bothered to try that yet.
So during the break tonight here in the studio in about an hour, we're going to plug that in real quick.
It's really easy to set up, right?
Yeah, it's just HDMI and a power cord.
So we should be able to throw that in the TV real quick.
And during the break, just take a look at it because I'm dying to see what this is.
The retail release of this is in what? June? Supposedly?
June 4th, supposedly. And they keep saying that they're not going to be late.
I think they're going to delay it.
But right now they're saying June 4th.
Isn't that like right before E3?
It's an interesting time to...
It is, but...
That's so Saturn.
Well, the thing is, it's not something that really needs a huge fanfare.
Because this is all a lot of these games.
I mean, everything's basically built by the community anyway.
So...
No, I mean...
It'll be interesting.
And there's stuff that they have, like they have MMOs that have been ported over from it and stuff.
So I can show you some of the apps on there.
And there's apps coming on there every day.
It'll be neat.
Well, you sound pretty enthusiastic about it even though you just said you're on the fan.
I'm not that excited.
Well, here's the thing.
This isn't going to be something I'm going to be playing all the time.
It'll be something I'll go back to every now and then.
Because now that I've gotten a little bit more comfortable with playing on PC with a lot of...
Because I buy a lot of Steam crap.
I buy a lot of Steam crap.
You and everybody else, Loki.
Especially when it's sale time.
I'm going in and actually starting to play a lot of that Steam crap that I bought.
So...
You know.
I don't know.
There's stuff I like on there.
And it's all...
I'll try to run.
You know, play around with it.
Good question from True in our chatroom.
Live.vognetware.com.
Does the Ouya not run hot?
No, they've got a big fan in the bottom.
There's actually like a fan vent in the bottom.
Well, yeah.
They have it weighted.
They have it weighted on purpose so that it doesn't tip over when you plug the cords in the back.
Smart.
There is a lot of kind of quirky, smart design in it.
Like, I love the controllers with the batteries inside.
The other thing about the controllers is they have aluminum face plates on them.
And they're nice and cool.
That's the other thing I like.
Because if your hands get warm, these controllers stay kind of nice and cool.
And they're comfortable.
The other thing, like I said, I'm not a huge fan of are the shoulder buttons.
But they work.
I just, you know, wish they were a little bit thinner.
That's the important part.
Alright.
Well, even though Loki has been talking about his gaming week of sorts.
We do usually start off the show with a little bit more formal.
How was your gaming week?
But I wanted to get the Ouya thing out because you've been posting to Twitter all about it this week.
And so I want to get that update right off the bat.
Let's talk about what else we've been playing this week.
Dar Sakura, we'll start with you.
Well, I'm doing a regular Mass Effect 3 stream on Thursday night.
Can we talk about streaming for a minute?
Sure.
I want to give a shout out to Bobby over at the Bobby Black Wolf Show.
Of course, before us here at VOG Network.
And my buddy DJ Tyrant on Twitter recommended a program to me that I liked way better than the one I was using.
It was called OBS, open broadcasts, and I get such a better frame rate on that.
But is it just me or like, I mean, I know this whole like streaming game thing has been kind of growing over the past couple of years.
But I really feel like in the past couple months, it's exploded.
Like everybody's doing game streams.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but it's just very interesting to me that it's become so easy and so many people are doing it.
Like, you know, you all three of us have been doing game streams at certain times.
Bobby's been doing it. And not only are you talking about just like even our listeners.
I see a lot of the Twitter, you know, things like, come see my Twitch TV. It's just, it's so easy.
It's not just gaming either because I've seen art streams.
Podcast recordings. A lot of people who don't have a set up like the network or whatever do that.
When Depeche Mode's album was about to come out, my friend Amanda, who does a lot of stuff for their official fan club, got to preview the album on a live stream.
And got to basically do a live stream preview of the new album, play all the music on it. It was really good.
But yeah, I think, I honestly think it's good because, I mean, the thing that I always like is if it's a game that I've seen, you know, 50,000 times, I like seeing people kind of rip it apart.
Sort of do the MST3K thing, which is pretty much what I do when I go stream, is yell at people in the game who can't hear me.
Tigerclaw on chat says, yeah, which is why I love it. So many games to watch people play.
And what was the comment? Oh yeah. And Tigerclaw had started that off at our chat room saying, if only you could stream the Ouya on Twitch so we can see it.
I don't have the capture card for the TV yet, but that's on the list of want to get in future.
One of my buddies sent me a link to a good one that she uses.
Oh, nice.
I'm getting one event soon. They'll do HDMI capture.
You guys missed a pretty good stream on, I think it was Friday night. Oh my gosh. We were playing Mass Effect.
And you didn't invite me?
I had problems getting started. Well, the whole thing was that Shane was going to get drunk and it took him about 20 minutes.
The stream lasted an hour. That's, I mean, he was gone. He passed out.
Wow.
But it was, it was pretty funny. So there was a few that were there. I got to see it.
So we need to do Wednesday night multiplayer.
Oh, let's see. We got to, yeah, we got to dance around all the live shows on the stream, but yeah.
So can I continue?
Yes, I'm sorry. I just want to talk about, I'm trying to promote your streaming site.
Poor Shane. Whatever.
But yeah, I've started doing that just because I don't, I get bored and usually, sometimes it's Dan's day off, but a lot of times he'll have a Wednesday where he works late.
So, you know, I'm there by myself. What's the, you know, what's the problem? I'll hop on and chat with people and yell at video games.
Then I, we got an iCade. Dan, and I saw you ordered yours. Dan ordered an iCade because Amazon has them for 44 bucks.
And we're talking about marked down by about $100.
So I went on a purchasing rampage trying to buy games that would work on it because I had none.
And it was pretty stupid of me because I spent like the last of my play cash on going to the baseball game last night too, which was really good.
But I got Pac-Man, the Atari's Greatest Hits. I already had Fix-It Felix, but I can't figure out how to get it to work.
Metal Slug 3, the Midway Arcade, Blazing Star, and the Namco Arcade.
So I bought one game on the Namco Arcade, which was Galaga. I tried playing Starblade with the iCade and Starblade doesn't work.
Like a lot of these will have like a one day demo thing that you can play through unless you buy tokens or the full version of the game.
And for most of these, the full version of the game is like a couple bucks.
Metal Slug 3 was about $5. It was worth it.
I thought of another game that supports, I think supports iCade that you might not have. It's the Activision Collection.
And I think Kaboom is free on that. I don't remember. One of the games is free that you get with that.
I've got plenty right now.
When you told me the iCades were on sale, I ordered one.
So I'm getting it Monday. I'm excited.
Because I grabbed an app in the marketplace called Gridley a couple months ago, which is just the MAME emulator in disguise.
And I know a lot of you guys are like, but emulators are bad.
But I support the real deals too. But since there aren't a lot of real deals on iOS for these things, I can't wait.
My cocktail cabinet on the bar top is just collecting dust at my work.
Let's be real guys. Are they ever going to put out Miss Nude World 96 as an app? I doubt it.
It has Miss Nude World 96 on it too.
The only way I will ever get to play Miss Nude World 96 is to turn to the dark side. Sorry, Jamie.
Okay. I'm probably going to be cancelling well.
Because unless these bastards don't ever get back to me, because I have been trying and trying and trying.
Ragnarok Online 2 went into free to play.
I saw that and I thought of you this week on Steam.
So I tried. And I had registered through whatever Gravity's new site is for it.
And so now I can't register it through Steam.
And it's in the same freaking problem that it had back with the old IRO.
Was that you can't find the installer anywhere.
And I tried to download from one of their mirrors and it kept quitting on me.
So I'm like, I could download the Steam one fine, but I couldn't run it.
And so it says, if you have problems, email, blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, not replying to me yet. So I don't know what to do.
So I'm really supremely pissed.
And I still need to update my PSO2.
God, I played something else. I don't remember.
Alright.
Seriously.
Then we'll go over to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played a few things.
I finally installed, granted that a...
I tried installing Andreas on there.
And I got it to work, but mapping the buttons to the Xbox 360 controller are...
It's pretty much impossible to get it to work correctly.
So I kind of gave up on that.
I'm still trying to get my copy back from my sister, but she put it in storage.
So I have to get it.
What was she thinking putting your game in storage?
I basically gave her the PlayStation 2.
I guess siblings can get away with that a little more.
That's fine. I'm not a huge fan of Andreas. I've already played it.
I wanted to play it on PC because I have it on PC, but I can't map the buttons correctly.
They have a program to do it, but it doesn't work right and you have to un-patch the game.
It's just a pain in the ass, so I'm just not worrying about that.
I got four episodes from Liberty City on there.
I played it for a little bit and I'm like,
Cool, I'm going to play episodes from Liberty City and I'm going to play Deathmatch.
And I'm going to totally dominate Deathmatch.
And there's no one on fucking line anymore.
There's nobody, nobody at all playing any sort of ranked Deathmatch or Deathmatch or anything.
It's all fucking free mode.
Free mode's fun, but I want to play a competitive game in Grand Theft Auto.
And I can't do that anymore because no one plays it.
Which is why I need Grand Theft Auto 5.
And it's such a fucking cock tease to have three fucking trailers and extended previews all over the god damn internet.
I need this game. It's my crack.
I need it. I'm feended for this game.
So yeah, Grand Theft Auto 5 is going to be awesome.
I can't wait to play it.
I guess I don't even need to ask about those trailers that came out this week and how you felt.
Oh, they're fantastic.
I think you made it pretty clear.
It's fantastic.
Well, even there was like a 90 minute kind of talking about it.
Because basically everyone was shown about 30 minutes of gameplay.
That talked everything about from the mechanic between switching between each protagonist in the game.
And how they're...
You know, the map is about five times the size of Red Dead Redemption.
One and a half times of Red Dead Redemption's worth in the ocean.
Under the ocean, actually.
So there's a lot of scuba diving in the game.
You can pretty much do whatever...
I mean, you can do whatever you want in the game, but it's just so much to explore.
It's just gonna...
It's gonna be awesome.
And just a lot of mechanics in the game sound really good.
Like the heists and how you have to do missions to kind of do recon on different things.
And set up the actual heists and you hire your people to help you out.
It just looks like a very good game.
And a very good storyline going along with that.
Actual games I played.
Saints Row the Third.
I'm still trying to go through and finish off my achievements that don't involve co-op.
But I'm just getting so bored with a lot of these games that...
Like, I don't know what I want to play anymore.
Because I can't think of anything that I want to play that sounds exciting.
You know, like Grand Theft Auto V.
I can't think of anything other than Saints Row IV and Grand Theft Auto V and maybe Earth Defense Force 2025.
But none of those are coming out yet.
And so I'm kind of in this weird position where, yeah, I'm just kind of going on autopilot and playing stuff.
I don't really want to play, but I'm kind of playing it anyways.
One thing I did notice on Saints Row the Third, though, is their AI pathing doesn't account for the fact that there's...
A section in the game, or actually a very large section in the game, where they raise the bridges in the game.
So that, you know, because it's a security thing and they're trying to, like, trap the Saints on the island and stuff.
And the cars don't realize that the bridge is up.
So they keep trying to go up the bridge and they just crash and crash and crash and then explode and crash again.
And it was hilarious. It's like standing there watching the cars just try to go straight.
That sounds like some Driver 3 shit right there.
That almost inspired me to even bring my singing voice and do, like, a Buggy Saints Row the Third, you know.
That is begging for the Benny Hill theme.
It's just seriously like, what? This is so terrible.
There's even a mission I had to do where I had to stop this. Basically, it's an assassination mission.
You have to kill this guy before he kills him. He's going to commit suicide by jumping off the bridge.
And so she needs to collect the money, you know, insurance money, but, you know, it's null and void if he commits suicide.
But the bridges are up, so he spawns in the water. He's not dead.
I mean, he wouldn't even die from that drop because it's not that big of a drop. It's just like a small bridge.
And so I just had to make my way around to shoot him from the side of the, you know, the shore.
But it was just so stupid and buggy. It just all messed up.
Or, like, I was supposed to do this other assassination mission where I was supposed to dress up like one of the gangs, the Deckers.
And so I go to my hideout because I don't even, I can't seem to find the clothing option to put it on and all.
And so I'm sorting through my wardrobe and stuff and all of a sudden I start getting shot.
I'm like, what the hell is going on? And I look and the guy that I'm supposed to be assassinating somehow came into my safe house and just starts shooting at me.
I'm like, how the fuck did this guy even get here in the first place? He's not even supposed to be coming after me yet because I don't have the right outfit on.
I haven't even found this guy. It's just ridiculous.
You know, I know people have their opinions on you and your strong opinions about Nintendo and other things.
But, you know, it's amazing to me how when you really like a game, you will make that game last forever.
I've bought it, like, on two platforms already.
Oh, that's great.
So I've, I don't know. So anyways, and then beyond that, Ouya played lots of games on the Ouya and we talked about a lot of those already.
And what else did I play this week? More Call of Duty.
I actually am playing through a little bit more of the story campaign on three, which is it's all right.
It's just it's Call of Duty. They don't have a great, they don't have a great story.
I mean, it's cinematic. It's kind of fun. You don't play Call of Duty for the story.
No, you don't really. You don't really play for the story. You play for the act. It's just watching, like, an action movie. I mean, come on.
And Minecraft X-Ray LA, because we did a VOG gaming night, actually had so much show this time. Thank you, Bobby Blackwolf.
That's all right. It's all good.
I really wanted to go, but I had to work on one of my other projects that night.
It's all good.
But you're doing Forza this week, right?
This week we're doing Forza Horizons.
I will be there.
I'll bring out more people, so.
I'll be there.
Forza Horizon this Thursday, 8 p.m. Pacific time. Probably goes for about two hours.
So at least that's how long I can play.
I might not be there right at 8, but I'll be there.
That's all right.
All right. Yeah.
Okay, before we get to my gaming week, Dark Soccer, you wanted to add one.
I did forget one more. Tomb Raider.
The new one.
Yeah, which I have now officially stolen Alan's name for it. It's Girl.
Or what is it, Lara Croft?
Lara Croft's terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day.
And how was it?
BCPC sale on Steam this weekend, right?
Yeah, it's half price, so since I had a lovely gift from Loki, thank you, of $20 in my Steam wallet.
And no pressure at all from Tim, who was here last week.
Well, I intended on getting it eventually anyway, but I only paid $8 for it, so.
Nice. All right.
Good times with it?
That poor girl.
The opening sequence, you're like, damn.
Like, how could your day get worse? Oh, let's fall off a plane.
You could get impaled by a tree.
I probably died five times at the beginning of the game.
Yeah, but it's not the end of the world. Like, the death isn't super frustrating in that game.
And it starts you pretty much right from the section you left off on.
Right.
But I need to find the picture on my Tumblr and post it in chat for everybody.
Sounds good. Live.vognetwork.com.
My Gaming Week, I'll try to be kind of quick here, because I didn't play a whole lot of new stuff.
In fact, I spent a lot of time playing some old stuff.
Virtual Console on Wii U, go figure.
I actually bought a lot of stuff on it, I'm kind of embarrassed to say.
But Mega Man, the old school Mega Man came out this week, and how could I not?
Like, the Mega Man games have some of the best soundtracks.
Yeah, so I had to check it out on Virtual Console, and I'm loving the whole
restore points are a godsend in stages like Ice Man's stage.
That stage can go to hell for those blocks that appear or disappear.
But yeah, I've been having a good time with that.
Otherwise, there's another game, but Darkstalker is going to bring it up later in the show.
So I'll wait to get my comments on that until later.
Oh, I was on Steam randomly last night, and I was looking at the free-to-play games,
and I was going to do Ragnarok Online 2, but I decided instead to play Puzzle Pirates.
Remember Puzzle Pirates?
I saw that the other day.
I'm like, that's on Steam?
Yeah, I know, right?
That was sweet.
I was like, God, that took me back.
That was like, we all played that.
That's what we used to play when we were all playing DDR regularly.
Like, a ton of us were playing Puzzle Pirates.
I remember I reamed on a song.
I didn't play it at the time.
But I think actually during those days, I was playing Ragnarok Online.
And the building is still the same freaking thing with the match.
But they've added a lot to it.
Like, you have rooms that you customize.
It's definitely a game that they put out there for more lower-end PCs.
You could probably play Puzzle Pirates just fine on a netbook.
It's that kind of game.
So yeah, that was kind of fun to just kind of get back into that again.
Otherwise, World of Warcraft, Mass Effect 3, a lot of the usual suspects.
And another game that I'm going to be reviewing on VoG soon.
So stay tuned for that.
Okay.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Quick, plugs for the Twitters, the Facebooks and all that.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R is where you can follow us on Twitter.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And I don't really have a whole lot else to add.
We may not be here Memorial Day weekend.
I may be gone.
But we'll let you know in the next couple weeks.
So stay tuned for all that live programming information.
All right.
Let's talk about the gaming news.
Loki, start us off tonight.
Okay.
So apparently the Wii U has now been hacked.
Or at least the mod chip creators behind the Wii key.
They have now said that they have claimed to, I guess, compromise Wii U security.
And completely reverse the Wii U drive authentication,
disk encryption, file system and everything else.
And yeah.
And I guess what's supposed to come of this
is that they're going to either create a replacement optical drive
that will go into your Wii U.
Or they're going to create some sort of...
Like I've seen this before with some of the Xbox 360 drives
where they'll have a daughter board or something like that
that replaces a board on there
and you can just kind of hook in the ribbon cables
and it's a bypass or something.
So they'll have something like that.
And the Wii key...
Actually the Wii key, I want to say...
No, that's not the mod chip I have in my Wii.
I actually have a Cyclo Wii.
It was that one.
But the Wii keys were pretty similar.
It was just kind of like a...
They had a few quick solder points
and they just soldered straight onto the board on the disk drive.
And to kind of show, I guess, how serious that this is,
they've also dumped their first game,
Marvel Avengers Battle for Earth.
One of the probably most terrible games out there.
But they have dumped it and...
Well, somebody's dumped it
and it's been released out there on the internet
to download and do nothing with
because there's no such mod chip to play it on yet.
But yeah, Nintendo is aware of it.
They say that they're going to find a way to bypass everything.
But thus begins the back and forth struggle
that is hacking and patching,
more hacking and more patching, so on and so forth.
And so far, there's really no homebrew version
or homebrew needs of this.
I guess maybe you can make your own software for the Wii U,
but this is mainly piracy.
Hackers going to hack.
Or backups, I guess, if you will.
Yeah, sure.
Okay, so I think the real question to ask here, though,
is how hard is this to pull off?
Because the harder it is, the less impact this is going to have.
We know that the pirates and the people
that are all about wanting to steal games,
or make backups, as fast as they can,
they're always going to find a way in.
But the question is, how easy is it
for somebody else to do that?
This is going to be like a mod chip.
So you're going to have to buy a mod chip.
You're going to have to install the mod chip onto your system
or install some sort of part on your system.
This isn't like the Wii homebrew channel
where it was a hack that modified your dashboard
to run a program that you could then
run games off a hard drive.
It's not that simple. You have to buy a mod chip.
Can Nintendo brick your console
with a firmware update if you were running this?
They may threaten to do that.
I don't know if they can.
There's drive emulators and stuff like that
that are already out there.
Why don't they do it?
My point is, why would Nintendo play softball with this?
If they want to be like,
don't fuck with us.
Because of false positives is what it is.
Because if you have someone that legitimately
hasn't done anything and fucked their console up,
they're already in not a very strong position
with their console and to piss people off like that.
Also, they're probably going to let this thing get released,
get people to buy the console because they're like,
oh, I'm going to hack all this stuff up and then patch it.
Okay.
That's smart.
That's what I would think they would do.
How many people went and got a PSP
the day they heard that NES emulators are runnable on it?
On top of that though,
they're probably going to be prompted
if this does come out pretty widespread,
they're going to be prompted by their third party developers
that hey, we need you to fix this
because we're not making a lot off of these Wii games already
and if we're making even less now because people are pirating them,
it's going to be a tough thing.
And also, here's the other thing you've got to consider too,
these aren't necessarily DVDs that they're running on anymore
so you're going to have to have a Blu-ray burner
and Blu-ray media to do that.
I think that stuff's come down.
That stuff's coming way down.
We're only a couple of years away from that being standard really for PCs.
But if anything, I could see them go on the route of the X key or something
where it's basically a drive in the middle board
that allows you to run.
It'll emulate the drive and you'll run stuff off a hard drive
and it's going to be easy like that.
The way I see it, they're going to do it.
But right now, it's progress I guess.
But if they've completely reversed the file system and stuff,
who's to say that they can't come up with their own modified dashboard
that will run on there
because if they've figured out how to do the file system stuff
and then the keys for that.
The hacking community is going to have an interesting case to make too.
I understand why they wanted to do Homebrew Channel on Wii
because there wasn't a lot of indie friendly stuff on the Wii.
But Wii U is really trying to make a case.
We are the indie friendly platform.
You've even heard the indie developers come out and say,
I know this is going to shock people,
but Nintendo is the platform to be on right now if you're indie.
So does the hacking community have as much of a case
when it seems like Nintendo is really embracing a lot of the Homebrew stuff open arms?
Well, I shouldn't say Homebrew, but indie stuff open arms,
thus negating the need for a Homebrew channel that is totally clean without piracy.
I don't think that they're really going to...
It's just one hacking group doing something and that's it.
So you're going to have people that want to...
They're in the business of selling mod chips,
so they're going to want to make a mod chip to sell.
And we use just the console at the moment.
As soon as PlayStation 4 is out, they'll be working on that too.
Of course, yeah.
All right, well, Loki alluded to this a minute ago,
and I was mentioning this earlier in the show
when they were teasing me about the Wii message light being on,
but Nintendo actually sent a message to all the Wii owners this week saying,
hey, have you checked out the Wii U?
So it seems odd to me that it took them this long to do it,
but they did send a message to everybody that says,
quote, did you know that you can play nearly all of your existing Wii games on Wii U?
I thought you could play every Wii game on Wii U.
Why did they say nearly all?
I think they're counting maybe virtual console and stuff.
Is there some stuff that you can't quite port over?
Maybe it's something to save their ass if something doesn't work.
Yeah, it's possible.
Maybe, yeah, that's true.
Your Wii controllers and many Wii accessories can also be used with the new Wii U console,
along with any downloaded games, save data,
and other info stored in your existing Wii console.
Wii U is the all-new home console from Nintendo.
It's not just an upgrade.
It's an entirely new system that will change the way you and your family experience games and entertainment.
Do you hear that, Jimmy Fallon? It's not just an upgrade.
That's a big problem, though.
I mean, think about it.
If they have to go out there and tell people, hey, guys, it's not just a peripheral, it's an upgrade,
they've done a poor job marketing it then.
Well, that and maybe this is a case now where the name issue is finally biting Nintendo.
A lot of people razz them for the Wii name, and that ended up working.
It didn't matter. Nintendo did great with that.
But this whole Wii U name, I think maybe Nintendo's wondering,
I don't know if they are, but I think a lot of people are going, maybe that really wasn't the best name.
They should have started off calling it the U.
Or, well, Super Wii, which is, isn't that what they call it in Japan?
Something that translates to Super Wii?
Something like that?
Yeah, Koopa Kid Jeremy in our chat right there says,
this just proves they should have called it something else.
Mm-hmm. Agree.
Anyhow, what I think is interesting about this also,
Iwata, Nintendo's president, Satoru Iwata, said in a financial results briefing last week that,
quote, we have not been able to solidly communicate the product value of Wii U to our consumers yet,
which has been a grand challenge for us.
We have the misunderstanding that Wii U is just Wii with a pad for games,
and others even consider Wii U GamePad as a peripheral device connectable to Wii.
Wii feel deeply responsible for not having tried hard enough to have consumers understand the product.
Have they done the commercial onslaught that they did with Wii?
Like, I remember all those commercials, Wii would like to play, and that whole thing.
That was a pretty good marketing plan. Now they have, like,
Did they do that at all?
They have a new marketing campaign going on right now that's really dumb.
It's basically these families coming in, and they're, like, bussing them in by, or,
vanning them in, whatever, taking them by a van,
and bringing them to Nintendo headquarters to try the Wii U out for the first time,
and they're like, Oh my God! Nintendo stuff is so awesome! This is the best thing ever!
Oh, this GamePad is so amazing! This is gonna change it all!
And it's just, like, seriously, just one issue.
If Nintendo really wants to get their message across about the Wii U, here's what they need to do.
They're gonna need to release a Mario soccer game this Christmas,
and they need to take it out across America to all the little peewee soccer championships,
so all their target audience, the moms and dads of the soccer kids, can play Mario soccer,
and then they can all gossip amongst themselves and get the word out.
Like, that's how Nintendo reaches their core audience, right? Soccer games.
Eh?
Bowling!
They are at malls.
The problem is you have people that were really excited about the Wii, you know, like myself,
and bought it because it was a very innovative product at the time.
Granted, we wish it was kind of like, you know, graphics of the Xbox 360 and PS3.
I was in it for the donuts.
And so you bought it, and then you're like, Hmm. I'm not playing anything on it.
I bought these Mario games. Now I'm not really playing anything on it.
And then the new system comes out, and you're like, Well, okay. It's got this cool game pad on it.
Okay, but hold on, though, because there would be that one or two games a year that are like,
you know, Metroid Prime 3, Mario Galaxy, Zelda Skyward Sword.
You know, there are those big, big games that are like, Okay, I gotta play some.
First party games?
Yes.
A game's a game in this case, yes.
Yeah, it's fantastic, and then when, you know, the developers are so behind, you know, the Wii and stuff,
in fact, they thought it was so great that they decided, Hey, EA said, Hey, you know what?
We're gonna put out FIFA on this system every year.
Oh, it's not gonna be a different FIFA, but it'll be the same FIFA every year.
Because, you know, we don't want to put any money into it.
That's different. That's different. You can't blame Nintendo for what EA did.
Okay. Konami decided, Hey, you know what? We're gonna do Pro-E.
You can't blame them for that either.
What is it with soccer games? I mean, seriously.
That would be like me blaming Microsoft for all those terrible rehashes in the early days of Xbox Live Arcade.
That wasn't Microsoft's fault.
Can't blame them for all the shovelware on the Wii?
No, no.
I just think there wasn't, the Wii U, the step from the Wii, or like, you know, previous generation, the GameCube to the Wii,
there was a big jump as far as gameplay, innovation, stuff like that.
When you have the Wii U, where the only thing really different with it is, it has a gamepad now that you can use with a touchscreen,
and it's HD.
But it plays all the, you know, it does everything else that the Wii does.
It wasn't that kind of a wow factor to it.
I mean, you had like something good and then, everyone's not gonna be clamoring to get it because they're like,
Well, I can play Wii Bowling on this, right? Okay.
Well, why do I need to buy a new system to play the same game I'm already playing?
Or, you know, hey, cool that they're gonna have a new Mario game, but it kinda looks like the other Mario game that I bought a couple years ago.
So, the short version of what you just said I'm hearing is, Nintendo Land was not Wii Sports.
Nintendo Land wasn't Wii Sports, and I don't think it was, it was a system seller.
A big, big chunk of people, I feel like we, this is a very deja vu conversation, so we need to move on here a minute.
It was like Wii Sports, Nintendo version or something.
How many people that bought the Wii were not buying the Wii?
They were not buying the Wii, they were buying Wii Sports and the console that came with it.
That was a big chunk of people that bought the Wii.
Yeah, because it was kinda cool, because for the first time, you're gonna be able to like play tennis by like actually standing up in the room and swinging your arms.
And that was a big experience for people. It was like, whoa, you know, for once, I can actually play a game, I don't need to figure out the controls, I just play like I would kinda play tennis.
And, you know, I would bowl like I would bowl. You know, it was very natural for people.
But then, going to Nintendo Land, it's like, well, it's not that different.
Well, this is kinda similar to what I've already done on the Wii, but why do I need to spend the extra money to play this game that's very similar to what I already have?
That was the problem, it wasn't just, it wasn't a big hook that got people in.
That gamepad was not enough hook to get people onto the system.
Maybe if they'd put out a game, like, you know, the thing about Wii Sports is that everybody generally knows those sports. Everybody knows bowling.
Specifically within Wii Sports, that bowling mini-game, maybe the tennis to an extent too, but those two games specifically were just huge.
And maybe Nintendo Wii U needed something, it needed that for, or still needs, it could still come out this Christmas, needs something like that that everybody just knows.
You know bowling, you know, but you don't necessarily know Donkey Kong Crash Course or F-Zero, you don't necessarily know that stuff.
I don't know why, but my mind goes to like maybe a board game or a card game thing, especially if you could like play it online or something, but that would require Nintendo to understand online.
The problem is, for the Wii U, I think what they would have needed to have done is like done something completely different than the Wii.
Like, I don't know, come up with, I can't really think of what they would have to do.
Here you go, Tiger Claw says, too bad Wii Sports didn't have online multiplayer, sucks playing by yourself against the computer. Kabam, Wii Sports 2, online.
But the thing with the Wii, what they're pushing though, is that it's a family party atmosphere is what it is.
But that's not the dynamic anymore. That used to be the dynamic when it was like, you know, offline games that had four controller ports.
Like the GameCube was, you know, you got people in the room and you're playing together on TV split screen.
That's not how it is anymore. It's over the internet playing multiplayer because people don't live near each other.
You now have friends. Instead of having friends in your neighborhood and maybe a pen pal or something in another state, you have friends all over the world because everyone's so connected now.
That's true. I probably do more gaming with Shane in Kansas than anybody else.
Exactly. Like distance isn't a thing anymore, really. I mean, you talk to people, you probably talk to people more that are like further away than you do like your neighbors and stuff.
So it's not the thing. And that's the thing. Like I don't, like the Wii, you know, it was kind of fun playing the Wii stuff, but it was all party game stuff.
And I can't see myself getting the Wii U because, hey, now five people could play. Cool. I don't have five people in my house ever.
Okay. YYR with a valid counter statement in our chat room at live.vognetware.com. The audience for Wii Sports probably didn't care that much about online play.
True. But hear me out here a minute, YYR, because you have that camera on every Wii U console.
What if grandma could play bowling with her grandkids thanks to the internet technology in that case, like every Wii U could have...
It would be awesome.
That would be amazing. But Nintendo, like Nintendo's sitting on that gold mine and they, that's not what they want to do for some reason.
Because that's all they were showing is like, hey, but you could do FaceTime back and forth and talk to grandma.
Make grandma understand why she wants to play online. Maybe if grandma understood why that would be a great thing, that's not such an issue anymore.
But I respect your point, YYR. I get what you're saying.
I understand.
Yeah, I totally do too. I just think Nintendo could invent a reason why you want to be online. Anyhow.
Part of me also thinks though that I've had this view of Nintendo as sort of the traditionalist and how social should be.
And the fact that they actually want to get people together in the same room doing in-person gaming.
I mean, it almost seems to me that they've got an agenda to encourage that. And I don't know. I don't see them changing off of that anytime really soon.
I got to go back to like real quick, you know, because that does make sense that that may be their agenda.
But then you got to go to the movie Joe Dirt where there's the guy with, you know, the fireworks stand and all he has is sparklers and those little snakes.
And he's like, but that's what I like. But you can't just think about what you like or what your focus may be. You have to think about other people out there.
I understand that may be the focus that you want people to gain in the room, but you know what would be awesome too?
Is say you want to have that gaming experience, but you can't get your friends over. You know, say that, you know, they're gone somewhere and you want to play with them anyways.
Think about all the options.
Koopa kid Jeremy in our chat room says, keep grandma off the internet. Old people opening 90 tabs, all of them yahoo.com.
Oh, you know, why did your friend Billy send me this link? What is what is two girls, one cup? What is this?
You know, it's actually hilarious. Dan's grandmother is super into the internet. She does her genealogy.
Oh, that's my dad. That's my dad. She's probably one of the most computer literate people in her age group that did not start off in programming or engineering that I know.
And it's pretty neat to watch her. However, my maternal grandmother, she will like poke around a little bit and maybe look at Facebook and then that's it.
My granny's like, no, those things. I don't want to look at them. Your daddy's going to mess with that. Not me.
Whereas my mother is all about Twitter. She doesn't post on it. I told I told her, Mom, if you would use Twitter, I could give out your name and you would have so many followers because your tweets would be like you need to tweet about American Idol and shit and things that get you really angry.
But she just she loves to read it. She'll tell me about, you know, what Kathy Griffin and Cher posting on Twitter and and all the people that she follows.
It's like that's the Internet. I love Kathy Griffin and Cher and Anderson Cooper.
They all need to do a buddy comedy. All right. We have distanced ourselves way away from the original topic, which means next topic, Dark Sakura.
Oh, yes. My turn, isn't it? God damn it, Rob. Making me work. Well, there's a little game called Fire Emblem.
And this is actually for Fire Emblem Awakening Summer Scramble is the new DLC. It's out in North America and Europe.
But they have censored a scene. There is a character named Tharja who I guess she's like pulling out her underwear or something or pulling it up.
But the edit that they made to it makes it even worse because there's like a piece of cloth now, like a curtain or something that's flowed in between where her butt is.
And so all you see is like if you weren't looking for the little strap on the side, it would look like she's got her hands in her ass.
Like she's digging her fingers and she's self muppeting. It's I like that.
I'm going to have to work in the more conversations. Is that an urban dictionary? That should be, though.
But like, it's just the OK.
And this is my big thing about censorship, is that the only reason the shit's a big deal is because you make it a fucking big deal.
You know, it's like the approach I take, I take to quote foul language around kids.
You know, if you're not supposed to say the words, that's just going to make it all the more attractive to say it.
You know, if you'd act like it's not a big deal to them, it's not a big deal.
Same goes with, you know, censorship of, you know, a woman pulling up her underwear.
The way that they edit. It's a bathing suit.
What they did to this, it just makes it look even worse because it went, you know, when you give somebody a clear, concrete picture, it leaves a little room to the imagination.
Like black bars. Exactly. We did this in college is that we were making a music video and we had the guy stand out in just a pair of like gym shorts.
But when we did the movie, we put a black bar over it because it was supposed to be the girls.
Why am I talking about this on the show? We did like a Spice Girls music video for a college project.
And at the end of the video, the girls talking, shut up. The girls steal his clothes.
And so at the end, he's just standing there with a black bar over it. Well, he didn't get naked for us.
He was wearing gym shorts and we put the black bar over it and it looked like he was naked.
It's an illusion. And your pervy little minds don't think, oh, he's wearing gym shorts.
They think, oh, well, it's like you had to block his penis.
Well, it's like you can also, here's a good example of the Austin Powers movie.
The first one. Oh, God. Yes. With the cantaloupe. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
She had like red pasties over the jumblies to steal Mystique's word.
But I mean, when you take away the concrete image and you put just something in front of it,
it's going to leave a lot more to the imagination.
And in the end, I think it's going to, you know, probably be more unintentionally explicit,
because the brain, if it can be porned, the brain will porn it.
And too, since I worked in a classy reference to Joe Dirt in the last topic,
I'm going to reference Bioshock Infinite in this one.
The mind of the subject will desperately struggle to create memories where none exists.
In other words, they will undress the bitch when they can't see her clothes.
And also think of the children. Think of the children.
How many children are playing Fire Emblem? How many children can understand Fire Emblem?
It's a 3DS game. All of the children are playing Fire Emblem.
I guess I say that and then I'm like, oh, wait a minute, Rob, when you were 10,
you were totally playing Final Fantasy. So I guess.
Here's another fun example, because Prince Brightstar mentioned the black bars in Japan.
Remember when we got Final Fuck X and it was all squared out, the pixelated?
I was like, we know that's badge.
OK, we need to switch topic stat, Loki.
For the record, that was entirely hilarious.
It was just cosplay porn. I mean, there wasn't even any male characters that were dressed up like Final Fantasy characters.
It was really good cosplay, though.
Fine. Anyway, so there was a game that came out called Scribblenauts Unlimited,
and they keep adding stuff each year. Well, this year they added some mames.
And to go along with that, Keyboard Cat and Nyan Cat were some of the characters featured in the game.
And guess what? They're copyrighted.
But apparently Fissel or Warner Brothers didn't really give a shit,
or just were blatantly unaware that things get copyrighted on the Internet and that kind of stuff.
So, yeah, apparently the creators of those two properties are a little pissed off,
and they have filed a lawsuit.
Because, apparently, neither Fissel or Warner Brothers were even acknowledging it.
Just kind of like, eh.
And, you know, they-
It's just some Internet kids.
And, you know, they do support the fact that people make things on the Internet for non-profit stuff, and that's fine.
But this is clearly for-profit. It was something that they advertised to the game, saying,
hey, look, Nyan Cat's in there, and Keyboard Cat, you should buy this game.
And people were like, oh, cool, I'm gonna buy the game because of that.
So, yeah.
Well, just like the Nintendo version had Mario and Luigi in it, and they had to work out that deal with Nintendo.
That's why they're not in the PC version, right?
Mm-hmm.
It's very similar.
I kind of think a lot of this is ignorance.
I kind of think- I don't think the developers meant to do this maliciously.
No, I don't think that's malicious.
I don't- I think they just thought, oh, Nyan Cat's like this 4chan thing, nobody really owns it, so let's just, you know, lift it.
It'll be funny for our game.
But, now that WB, the parent company, is not returning these guys' phone calls, who, yeah, it is a trademark thing or whatever,
now they're pissed off, and this is their warning shot to get noticed.
It'll get settled out of court, as these things always do.
Yeah.
But, uh, very interesting.
The precedent for the meme stuff is very interesting.
And how this could affect future Scrimble lot games.
I don't think the keyboard cat thing is as- like, the Nyan Cat, yeah, that one's gonna be pretty hard to defend,
because that looks just like the little kitty.
But the keyboard cat is just a cat sitting at the piano.
It doesn't have that song, I don't even think the colors are right.
I don't- and keyboard cat's a little trickier.
I kind of think that's just thrown in for good measure.
I don't know if that has quite the legal-
They also have, like, long cat and stuff, I think, are in the game, and-
But I don't think anybody owns long cat.
No, I don't think so.
Yeah.
Um, now I wanna know if, um, My Body is Ready is in there.
And then what that does-
Uh, My Body is Ready is not a noun, though, so...
And, um...
Did I say a noun? I think I did.
Noun.
But, I mean, there- I- I think that, though, um,
I know that there are a number of memes out there that are, um, under copyright.
And I think that they're well- well within their right to pursue action.
Sure.
And especially, um, I really- and this is maybe just a- a guilty pleasure.
I love seeing the big companies taken down a notch.
Yeah.
I mean, there's a lot of people quick to defend Scribblenauts and stuff,
and it's not- it's not that I'm, like, anti-Scribblenauts or I wanna see Scribblenauts.
No, I love Scribblenauts. It's a cute game and so forth.
But, okay, I also like the internet culture and a lot of what the internet brings up.
It actually- some of these meme things, I really like to see how it turns around some people's lives.
Like, think about that chick, the, um, ain't nobody got time for that when she was on the local news.
She's got, like, commercial deals now.
Or Antoine.
Like, things- that guy, there was a really interesting development with him this week.
But, yeah, I mean, for all practical purposes, he's, you know, did a lot with his stuff, too.
The whole, they're clamming in your windows, they're snatching people up.
You know, they milk their fifteen minutes of fame.
And it ends up being a happy ending of sorts.
Actually, I think that Queen Semia in chat is right.
Keyboard Cat is copyrighted or trademarked.
Yes.
Because, well, the guy, actually, I remember watching an interview where he licensed out his cat's likeness for the pistachio commercial.
Right. But the cat in Scribblenauts doesn't really look like it like Nyan Cat does.
It can be considered enough derivative, but I think copyright law is, what, fifty percent change?
Yeah, I think, I think that would be the harder one to prove.
Well, and also the fact that you sum it by typing Keyboard Cat.
You know, that's true. Or Nyan Cat.
But one could argue, well, it is a cat at the keyboard. I don't know.
It is a cat that's Nyan.
I still want my body is ready to be in there.
That's not a noun. Reggie Fils-Aime could be in there in the Nintendo version.
I bet if you type that in, the only thing that happens is his jaw comes out.
The game just punches you in the face. That's what happens.
Or starts printing money.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, 4chan the game. Ain't nobody got time for that.
I thought that's what Scribblenauts kind of like was, was its big selling point. Was that it had all these memes in it.
Oh, those stupid guys that were sitting behind us at the baseball game. They're like, foul ball. Ain't nobody got time for that.
I about laughed my ass off, but I was, I was actually thinking of you doing your impression.
Honey Brown. What's her name? Honey Brown or whatever her name is. She'd go sue those guys.
Yeah. All right.
And yes, you get ceiling cat.
Yes, ceiling cat's there.
The ceiling cat isn't trademarked.
Grumpy cat. I bet is.
Grumpy cat is.
So he better not show up in the next Scribblenauts.
We all loved Tard.
All right. I'm sure a lot of you guys heard about this next story. It was making the rounds everywhere. It's, it's kind of lolsy.
It's about the game Game Dev Tycoon. No relation to the game dev story.
But Game Dev Tycoon came out this past week on Windows, Macs and Linux and Green Heart Games, the folks behind it.
And they did this interesting thing to kind of combat piracy, which I guess was some type of experiment or whatever.
And what they did is they put up a copy of the game on one of the big torrent sites and with a little info file that you'd see with most cracked games.
That says, you know, fully cracked, playable, dah, dah, dah.
But in an old throwback to, let's say, the Earthbound pirate copies of many years ago, it would change the game significantly to make it unbeatable.
How does it change the game?
Well, at some point, piracy starts taking over your game development office.
You'll get a little message that pops up on the screen that says,
Boss, it seems that while many players play our new game, they steal it by downloading a cracked version rather than buying it legally.
If players don't buy the games they like, we will sooner or later go bankrupt.
You have to click on a little frown to continue. You can't beat the game at this point.
And of course it has all these people posting on internet forums about it.
Like, how do I get the piracy to stop in the game? Which is just giving away how many people were pirating it.
Very similar as well to, didn't they do this with Arkham Asylum? Not City, but Asylum.
They had, like, a whole thing where Batman couldn't make a certain jump.
And people were posting on forums about this, and WB just went ban, ban, ban, ban.
Because these were all the people, yeah, that were pirating it.
Anyway, this guy was collecting anonymous usage statistics and found that it was, what, over 90% of the copies of this being played were pirated.
Crazy.
But, were those people going to actually play the game legitimately in the first place, or did they just find it when they were browsing new games that are added to the Pirate Bay?
Because he put it out there himself, you know, on the Pirate Bay, and people were downloading it.
And let's not forget that other indie companies have put out their game on the Pirate Bay to drive up interest in the game and to, you know, get people to test the game out.
So, that's my thing is, I wonder, I'm not saying that someone confused that for this, I'm sure that people are just pirating, but you can't attribute, if you didn't do that, would your game really be pirated that fast?
And would it, you still have the same, you know, statistics, I guess. That's my thing.
So, if anything, the whole reason behind this is now, it's just for the controversy.
Because, now it got picked up by all these websites, and now all these people are writing stories about it.
Well, okay.
And now he has a legit version out there, and now everyone's like, oh, we gotta support the indies, let's go buy this game, even though, you know, you may or may not want to play it.
Well, either way, okay, either way you slice this pie low-key, whether you want to say it was the piracy mechanism or the exposure, genius, genius move.
No matter which way you slice it, whatever angle they were, either it was a genius anti-piracy scheme or it was a genius marketing scheme.
But it's not very, it's not very honest in the fact that, you know, basically they're, it's kind of like, I would say, like entrapment almost.
The irony of you saying entrapping pirates is not very honest. The irony, it hurts, it's burning.
Well, there's a-
I need ice cubes.
I feel less, I feel less sorry about a company that puts their game up there by themselves versus a game getting leaked to the internet.
What were you gonna say, Jamie? Sorry, I had to make my point.
Breakman was saying using Pirate Bay as your game testers.
It does end up being kind of like a demo of sorts.
I mean, cool, you know, cool that people are checking out their game.
I'm sure that's what they want in the end and hopefully it works out for them.
Yeah.
I personally am not going to pick up this game. It may have been, you know, the fact that it's compared to Game Dev Story, it's a little similar to that.
Might be intriguing, but after what they did, fuck them. I'm not buying it. I'm not playing it either.
So you are personally offended by this little move?
I just think it's shady. It's so shady. There's, like, there's a difference between, like, putting-
But the Pirate Bay is shady!
No, no, no, hold on. There's a difference between putting something in your game, you know, like Scribbl- not Scribblats, but like the Michael Jackson game on 3DS, or on DS, or-
Oh, the Vuvuzela thing. Somebody just brought that up in chat.
Or, like, the Batman stuff, programming a little thing in there to catch pirates when the game gets leaked out.
Okay, that's something. That's kind of cool that they've got that in there and you can catch people doing it.
But the fact that you go, oh, we're gonna show these pirates, we're gonna upload a real co- I mean, come on, that's stupid.
It's like saying, oh, I'm gonna open up my house and I'm gonna say, hey, come steal my shit, and then get pissed off that people are stealing my shit.
I'm sorry, that's just stupid. It's stupid. And you think you're gonna teach these people moral?
It's one of those things, like, to say that this is gonna work in the game, people will buy your game, it's just like those stupid advertisements before they-
Think about the lighting rig, people! They're out of jobs because you pirate your movies!
I'm sorry, it's just stupid.
Okay, let's say we're about ready to put out a CD of exclusive Orange Lounge Radio material and things that, you know, never before heard on the show,
and that's how we're gonna pay for our hosting for the next year. Hypothetical situation.
How do I make sure that that CD does not get pirated without possibly offending the pirates out there in the world?
You can't. It's music, you're not gonna be able to. There's no DRM that you can put on that.
So, bend over and take it. And enjoy it. Put it out there for free yourself and just hope they'll rally behind you because you're one of them.
Most likely, here's the thing, the situation with that is, you're not gonna have a whole lot of interest of people putting it up.
They're not gonna leak it out there because they just don't- they figure that, you know, if there's no interest in trying to get the game,
they're not gonna necessarily put it out there or, you know, the content.
So, for example, I can't find copies of maybe somebody VHS, you know, recording episodes of Being Bobby Brown.
That's just not on the internet at all. My wife is wanting me to search high and low and I will till, you know, the day I die to find copies of that.
But it's just not up there.
For Being Bobby Brown, I will endorse piracy because everybody has to see that, Bobby!
It's fantastic but, you know, Whitney was a bitch and she fucking took all- you know, had her lawyers take all that shit down.
Babe in total control of herself.
Exactly. And she, you know, had everybody, you know, take, you know, the copies off the internet.
Not necessarily, just like a lot of the clips too are just gone.
So, unfortunately, you know, there's that but I just don't think anyone would pirate our CD.
I mean, sure, they could leak it out there but is anyone really gonna care to download it?
Okay. So when it comes to- maybe my example about music was a bad one.
But when it comes to games, you had Tim here on the show last night whose job is in the industry making games like Tomb Raider.
What is an effective DRM strategy that we can do to make sure that as many games as possible sell legitimately so people like Tim can continue to be employed?
Free to play. Because you basically-
Everything's gotta go free to play.
Everything's gotta go free to play.
And I'm not saying free to play to the point of, you know, it doesn't even have to necessarily be free to play, like cheap to play I guess.
You know, like $10 games with a ton of DLC.
DLC that makes sense, not just, oh you're out of energy points, you gotta buy some DLC to be able to play this game longer.
Not anything retarded like that but actually supported DLC.
I mean, granted the game might be shorter because it's more of a demo but that's- what I'm saying is basically you get a small amount of content.
For example, Ridge Racer for the Vita would have worked perfectly like that except they charged $40 for it.
Or $30 for four tracks. It's ridiculous.
If they put it out for like five bucks or ten- probably like five bucks would be perfect.
Okay, Bobby's retort in chat, it's a fair one, I gotta put it out there. This was an $8 game and it was still pirated.
It's still a game.
But yeah, I understand that. It may be an $8 game but once again, they put it out there first, they put it out there.
Would an $8 game-
Shots fired!
Would an $8 game be leaked that quickly?
That's the question. How quickly would an $8 indie game be leaked out to the internet?
There's people who leak games just because they can.
I understand that they can leak games but if there's DRM on, I mean, I'm assuming it's DRM free but let's assume that there was DRM on it.
Would really someone spend the time to crack this game and put it out there?
I mean, sure, there's probably somebody out there that would do it.
But I don't know if it's gonna have as big of a draw once now it's all controversial.
I would actually agree with you to an extent that we have to find a way to get the price of games down.
And I realize cartridges used to cost 70 bucks and the price we're paying for games now is actually cheaper than they used to be with inflation.
But with everything else going on in the world, I honestly think we have to find a way to get the price of games down to like 30 or 40 bucks.
Because when do people these days buy most of their PC games?
Steam, sales, when everything gets super cheap, you know?
I love Steam so much.
I think that's the thing and you gotta find that balance between how much do I charge for it and make sure enough people buy it so that I recoup my costs.
But Steam's also a double-edged sword too because now there's games that come out on PC.
I might think of buying Bioshock Infinite on PC as well as on 360.
Because I already have the 360 version but I may buy it on PC.
But am I gonna pay full price for it? Fuck no!
I'm gonna wait for a sale because they have sales all the damn time on Steam, on Amazon, on Green Man Gaming, on Gamefly with Steam DRM, on wherever.
You're gonna find these games marked down to like nothing.
And that's the kind of mentality.
I mean, lookit, Tomb Raider is just half-priced.
That game out like two months ago? A month ago?
I mean, shit, you can't do this with console games.
They're not dropping that fast.
They're not gonna be five bucks one day and then the next day...
Well, some do.
Well, some do, but I'm talking about Tomb Raider, a game that sold quite a bit.
And it's totally not a disappointment to anybody.
Gameguru in chat says,
Well, I believe DRM is rather stupid. What the game dev tycoon guys did was actually pretty clever.
Breakman says,
Dev equal, I'll give you $20 to go buy this $10 game. Loki equal, fuck that. Then I'll have to go out of my way. I'm just gonna pirate it.
I don't pirate games anymore.
I mean, I don't pirate games to play them early and then buy the game.
But you don't pirate them any less?
Yes, I don't pirate them any less.
No, I don't pirate PC games anymore, for sure.
Maybe to play them a little early, yes, but I do buy them always.
But never to just play them because I don't want...
Because it's so easy now with Steam. It's like a few bucks and you got a game.
It becomes too convenient.
Piracy versus convenience. Is piracy more convenient? No.
But if a game gets leaked out that's supposed to be out in a couple months and I can play it way early,
I'm all about playing games as soon as I can.
If Grand Theft Auto 5 gets leaked out tomorrow, you better believe I'm gonna find a way to get it.
But you better believe I'm gonna be buying it when it comes out.
I do believe developers, if they really want to protect their property, need to figure...
A. Global releases for everything because that's just the world we live in.
And B. You need to cut down this window or figure out a way.
If these review copies that go out, I think review copies ought to have the DRM in them and the stringent stuff.
What's the deal? They're free to the people.
We need to make sure that these review copies don't get out into the wild because that's what ruins all the day one sales.
That's the gap they've got to close.
It's not even really review copies because of the whole Far Cry 3, Blood Dragon, or whatever.
That was a hack on Uplay.
But there are some other stuff that gets leaked out from duplicators or games.
They go to retail early because they street date stuff and they get shipped to the retailer a week early.
So then that gets leaked out by some employee.
But then there's like the Microsoft games that come out a month ahead time and I'm assuming that's duplicators because I can't see how the hell it could leak any earlier than that.
Alright, I'm sure we'll get some emails on this at a later date.
OrangeOnsRadio, excuse me, mailbag at OrangeOnsRadio.com.
I do actually want to say there's been a couple cases where I've downloaded PC games through a torrent site because the servers were down for the actual site.
And I had a key to play it. Just saying.
Sometimes, especially if you play Ragnarok online, sometimes it's the only way to get it.
Alright, let's move on with more news. We're running long, so DarkSakura.
Alright, let me get it.
Now, there is, for people who are fans of Eternal Darkness, there is a spiritual successor called Shadow of the Eternals that's been announced.
In fact, there's already a bunch of information out on it saying that it's going to be out on PC and Wii U and that they are trying to score 1.5 million to fund the game.
I'm sure it's going to be interesting. What I'm not seeing is if it's a Kickstarter or not out yet for that.
But they are wanting to have this, do it episodic and have it out by Q3 2014.
Cool.
Some people I know on Twitter are not big fans of this idea. I mean, as much as Eternal Darkness was awesome, apparently the guy who made it, Dennis Dyack, hasn't made a lot of winners.
So they're not sure if this is something worth supporting. But he'll get the money.
Well, it looks like it's going to be produced through Precursor Games. So, Canadian group. Good games are coming out of Canada.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of games coming a little bit sooner than things that are getting Kickstarted right now.
Loki, start us off with US.
There's nothing coming up this week. Seriously, nothing.
Really? Nothing. Not a damn thing?
Nothing until the 14th and 14th would be Metro 20, not 23, Metro Last Light on the 14th.
Why is that? Is that just because it's a slow time of year? They figure everybody is seeing Iron Man.
It's a slow time of the year, usually. There's still quite a few releases coming out, but I think we're getting that pre-console launch lull.
And so we don't have a lot of games coming out. There was supposed to be the Wii U version of Deus Ex Human Revolution, but that is now TVA.
So, no idea what's going on there. They've delayed it or if they're canceling development on it or what.
Very interesting. Well, going over to Japan and looking at the releases there, guess what? There is nothing coming out in Japan either.
Actually, one game. One game on the Sony PSP. PSP game still selling. Kudwafter, Converted Edition. I think we talked about this last week.
Kudwafter!
Yeah, we had nothing last week either, so I think we already talked about this game, but it's a very, very slow period in Japan right now.
But Dark Sakura, you were talking a little bit earlier about the whole holidays in Japan and Gold Week.
Golden Week was this past week and Children's Week is this week.
So this is likely having an impact on all these releases.
Well, I mean, Golden Week is actually, from what I understand, kind of hard to sell anything because nobody's there.
Golden Week is when you go home to visit your family, so this week would be, I think, a lot busier for sales.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
We have a very few things in the UK. On the 9th, we have Sid Meier's Ace Patrol and the 10th Deus Ex Human Revolution Director's Cut for Wii U and Persona 4 The Ultimate in Mayonaka Arena for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
So I'm sure our buddy Magi is very happy about that, as he told me earlier that he was happy.
Because he said after he wrote us that letter that he found out it was coming out.
Nice.
And the new Shin Megami Tensei.
Very cool.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. But first, Loki.
Apparently there's another lawsuit going on now against EA for their Madden franchise.
Apparently this was from a guy named Robin Antonic and he was the designer of John Madden Football for 8-bit computers.
And it's actually going to trial.
And apparently, I guess, he's seeking cuts from all of the games sold so far because they've used a lot of the design that was in his game.
And they've just failed to compensate him or even credit him. In fact, actually...
Madden 25 out this year, right? 25 years. 25 sequels to Madden.
Yes. And they've actually, I mean, there was on one of the boxes credits him for the Madden games.
And now it's just, you know, nothing. No sort of royalties or anything. Even though he was a co-creator of the series.
I don't know. It sounds like he has a pretty strong case. It'll be interesting to see if he can settle out of court or not.
Of course it will. They always...
It says it's going to trial, so we never know.
Just because it goes to trial. First day of the trial. Oh, he reached an agreement. Go figure.
That happened to me once when I was on jury duty. We were sitting in the little hallway waiting to go in the room.
I didn't even know what the case was about. I didn't know if it was criminal, civil, what.
We're sitting in the hallway waiting to go in the room and then we're sitting there for like an hour, an hour and a half.
They come out and say, oh, they just settled, so we're going to have you guys all go back to the jury room.
Yeah, I've had that happen before today.
Like, okay. It's a game of chicken. How far are we going to go? Are we actually going to get the jury in here?
Man, jury duty is great. It's like your chance to sit and read a book.
Yeah, jury duty is not so bad. Maybe it's just this particular county, because here in Sacramento it's just one day or one trial.
And they actually have really decent snacks in the cafeteria.
And that's super important.
I've actually, I made a friend that was in our wow guild because we were both on jury duty.
And we're sitting in the hallway freaking talking about our draenei and how we were looking forward to seeing what the new expansion was.
And we were all so disappointed. But yeah.
The last time I was on jury duty, I was playing, I want to say it was Final Fantasy IV, the after years, but wasn't that only on Wii at the time?
Yes. So it must have just been Final Fantasy IV. Maybe that's when the DS cartridge came out. I bet that's what it was.
And I was playing the crap out of that for jury duty.
I just remember being so bored sitting at home. No, it wasn't because I was actually working at that other place.
But I went in for my jury duty and it gave me a chance to read my book and get my stuff done.
And I sadly didn't get picked for a jury because I kind of wanted to be on one so I could have the people's court thing going in my head.
I sat on one in 2006. It was terrible.
I want a nice, long murder trial.
No, you don't. Be careful what you wish for.
Because I was on a two week trial for a criminal case that was bad. It wasn't murder, but it was very, very, very bad stuff.
And it's like one of those, I'm glad I got to do my civic duty. I'm glad I got to see Law and Order play out in front of me.
Because the very animated prosecutor was awesome to watch. She was great.
But I never want to be on a trial like that again in my life.
But I actually don't mind the waiting for it just because it gives me a chance to read.
Alright, anyhow. How do we get on jury duty?
Well, it must be, it's like...
Video games and jury duty.
Well, it's legal week here on OLR because guess what my story is about?
Another lawsuit.
And this is one of those, oh, we must have seen this coming after all the internet rage about Mass Effect 3.
I remember when somebody tried to sue there.
Well, guess what game got targeted this time?
Aliens Colonial Marines.
That's right. Sega and Gearbox.
Class action lawsuit against them saying you knowingly misrepresented Aliens Colonial Marines at trade show demos.
Fascinating.
And a lot of people were bitching about this too.
Like the game that came out did not match what they were showing at E3 and all this.
So, but I don't know.
Like can you sue a movie because the movie wasn't as good as the trailer?
And they put stuff in the trailer all the time that doesn't end up in the real movie.
I don't know though.
Well, you know, I would like, you know, the two hours of my life back for Mortal Kombat resurrection or whatever the crap it was.
And I totally blame Jessica and Ross for making me watch that. Actually, I blame Ross for making me watch that movie.
But I didn't go demand, you know, that people give me money or anything for a shitty movie.
I mean, I pretty much knew it was shit anyway.
But the trailers made it look a lot more interesting than it actually was.
And it was the sequel to the first one.
It was actually really boring and stupid.
Alright, anyhow, Timegate Studios, maybe they can see this coming, the end is coming.
Because, of course, they are the developer behind Aliens Colonial Marines co-developer.
And they also developed a game called Section 8.
They filed for bankruptcy protection at the Texas Southern Bankruptcy Court.
Apparently, owing their creditors between $10 and $50 million in debt.
That's a hell of a price range. That's a very odd estimate.
But, yeah, Timegate seeking protection against creditors.
Now, granted, they aren't the target of this lawsuit per se.
But, yeah, don't release a game as bad as Aliens Colonial Marines, people.
Because in this day and age, you'll get sued over it.
How dare you waste my time?
Then again, $60 for a game. It's a big chunk of change.
And also, they had, you know, all the media that was from it was from the, you know, pre-release thing.
So, there was nothing like ads development goes.
Oh, hey, yeah, we had to scale back this up because it wouldn't run on a console.
Alright, well, let's travel to a time when things were a lot simpler.
To the intro of our show.
We got a new theme back in the day. Thank you.
When we first started the show this evening, before we started...
Long, long time ago. A couple hours.
Back then, we weren't talking about Final Fuck X.
We were just talking about, you know, blowjobs. I don't know.
It's the classic game of the week.
You know, back in the day, you would buy a game like, I don't know, what was it?
ET.
What was a really terrible game?
Okay, ET. And you know what? You just got stuck with it.
There was no class action lawsuit because ET sucked.
Alright, DarkSakura, go into the gaming vault and find a game that, hey, the kids should be playing this week.
What is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Magical Chase for the PC Engine.
Also known as the TurboGrafx.
I will tell you right now that this is one of the holy grails of the U.S. Turbo graphics games.
Because they did like five copies in the U.S.
I actually, I don't even, I would like a copy of this because it's actually a really neat little game.
Magical Chase was put out by Palsoft and released by Quest on the PC Engine.
Came out in 1991 in Japan and 1993 in the U.S.
And you play as a little witch named Ripple who flies on a broomstick.
I swear I used to get this confused with cotton back in the day for the record.
But you have...
It reminds me of cotton. I was going to ask if it was in that same series.
No, it's not. Compile, I think, did cotton, didn't it?
Yeah.
Anyway, you have these little stars with you called Star Maidens and they act as your options like Ingradius.
And that's funny, the article even compares to cotton. Success did cotton, not compile.
But it was one of the last games that was released in the U.S. for the TurboGrafx, Turbo Duo.
And had a ton of hype and now it's like you'd be hard pressed to find a copy.
So as you play through the game, you have normal and hard difficulty settings.
You can only play the first three levels on easy.
Once your enemies are destroyed, they leave gemstones behind.
So that's your currency in games. You can buy power-ups, health, extra lives.
Except on the third six levels, it only appears once.
Touching stuff on the ground does not kill you, but it does slow you down.
And if you get trapped behind objects, you get scrolling damage.
You have your different levels. You have Cubolagon, Dodon Grin, Kamikaze Dangan, Fat Metal, which just sounds funny, Gemini Snow, and then the Sixth Seal.
So there are other ports. They did a version for Windows 95, 98 that came out in 1998.
And then they did Magical Chase GB for the Game Boy Color, only in Japan on August 4th, 2000.
And like I said, it's rare. In fact, I was about to eBay it just to see exactly if there's any copies on eBay right now.
So let's find out.
And honestly, it's a cute little game. I like that level because it looks like she's flying over Tetris blocks.
It does, yeah. This is a cute little...
It's just the beginning of the game, too.
Very cartoony game. I like this.
Kind of Fantasy Zone, in a way. The art style.
It's just really cute. Yeah.
Well, Fantasy Zone and Space Harrier were both set in the same universe.
So let's see. Magical Chase.
Why are you trying to autocorrect me to Chase?
Why don't you keep reading and I'll look it up real quick?
Well, I got it right now.
Okay, I don't want the dead air.
Anyway, Magical Chase PC Engine, the Japanese version, $229.80.
Yeah, okay. Super Rare NEC PC Engine Q card.
This is still the Japanese version. $249.00. $199.00.
Even the Game Boy Color version is going for $249.00.
Dang.
This is another Japanese...
Okay, we have the soundtrack for $50.00.
So yeah, Magical Chase, even the Japanese versions are going for quite a bit of money.
The soundtracks are going for money.
Basically, anything related to Magical Chase is fetching some money.
So, good luck.
If someone happens to find me a Magical Chase, give it to me.
Alright.
But yeah, I'd say if any of you happen to have the game,
you've got a celebrity, a small internet celebrity,
who would make puppy eyes at you until you give it to her.
Or panorama cotton. Those are like on my list.
Although, to be honest, if I saw this and then I saw Radiant Silver Gun
right next to it to get for Dan,
I think that I would do the right thing and get this for myself.
Good answer. Very good answer.
Actually, I don't think Dan would follow me.
Alright.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Magical Chase, no relation to cotton.
But a small resemblance to Fantasy Zone.
But she doesn't go, wheel-o!
Alright. Good pick. I knew nothing about this game,
and now I'm looking at it going, gosh, I want to play this.
Too bad I'll have to emulate it.
You can get, it is out there too.
Of course it is. Of course it is.
And I would not blame a single soul for downloading the game,
just saying. In my, allegedly.
You know, a game that's this hard to find, that's this old,
I mean, who could really fault you for it?
If it was on virtual console or something, we'd say go get it.
You better believe I have an emulated copy of panorama cotton
since they made 600 total in the world, so.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week segment.
We're gonna take a break. When we come back,
plenty of more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
Xbox rumors, yippee yay.
We only have a few more weeks to sit through those.
Also talking about some free-to-play stuff on Wii U.
Call of Duty, yes. And plenty more.
Your calls and the Fugu Question of the Week,
all about pinball tonight. Duty.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio,
right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this Cinco de Mayo, May 5th, 2013,
with episode 503 of our show already in progress.
And if you're just joining us live at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com, you missed some pretty lively debates
in the first half of the show, so we hope you will check that out
in the podcast feed.
I also have to give apologies here at the start of this segment
to our friends over at Anime Jam Session.
They put on a lovely show, which is on Tuesday nights
at the Voice of Geeks Network,
and it's 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern,
and they rebroadcast Thursday mornings.
They sent us a bumper for the 500th episode
that I still haven't played,
because I was trying to sync it to music a couple weeks ago,
and I literally ran out of time because it wasn't working,
and I just forgot to do it today.
And I've also been procrastinating it because
nobody else except Flaco sent us a bumper.
So please take a look at the post in our forums
and send us more bumpers,
and then I'll have reasons to play them all.
But I also want to give a shout-out to our pals over there
at Anime Jam Session, because
I got a lovely package in the mail,
a mail package,
from Rama this week
that sent us some cards.
Was it stuffed? Yes, it was stuffed
with these Cards Against Humanity boosters
from PAX East.
So these are going to be pretty hard to come by in California,
or many parts of the nation.
So, awesome.
We kept one or two for ourselves,
but we are going to be looking to give away
these Pack A and Cs
that we got. Sadly no Bs, but hey,
you know what? Bakers can't be choosers.
So some of these Pack As and Cs we're going to give to you guys,
the listeners, in coming weeks of the show.
And maybe if there's like a live event
coming up, like Fanime or something,
I'll take some of these with me to that,
and you can win them from me there too.
So yeah,
thank you very much to our pals over there.
I think Brad's first in line now.
Wow, what did Brad say?
Oh, I sent you guys booze, what else do you want?
Yeah, Brad,
you make a good case.
I guess I should be sending him some Cards Against Humanity
cards for sure.
We trade goods amongst the Voice
of Geeks network shows. The bartering system.
Yeah, bartering system. You give me booze,
I give you cards.
I didn't give Anime Jam Session anything yet,
but I will...
Rama has my heart.
That's what they have.
Alright.
To register participation for this
week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
on Vognetwork.com, use the pass
phrase, FLAG.
Anyhow, let us get back
into some gaming news. Rapid Fire
news for this Part B. Loki.
Borderlands has, well, originally
it kind of leaked out from a
picture, but it has
now been officially announced. Tiny
Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep
is going to be the next piece of DLC,
or I should say the last
piece or fourth piece of the game's
season pass. Did they make her politically correct yet?
No. So it's sort of
a play on Dungeons and Dragons
and, you know,
it'll be interesting. So that's
supposed to be coming out June 25th.
It will be included in the season
pass, so if you have that. Otherwise, it's
ten bucks.
There's a new game console
trailer this week.
It's not even really a game console as much
as it's more of like an analog
video game synthesizer. It's a
thing called Ming Meka
and it's really
strange. I mean, it works just like a synthesizer
so it has a lot of analog,
you know, physical cords that you're
plugging into the stuff and, you know, dials
you're tweaking and that sort of thing.
And it kind of, it makes
music, like a synthesizer, and also
kind of does an interactive display.
Like, you could do games and
stuff sort of on it. Very basic
glitchy looking things.
I see this more as like
something that you would see with like chiptune
artists or something like that kind of messing around
with, you know, in like a live performance
type setting because it
seems like that would, you know,
play well to it. Plus, it is open
source, so you
can actually, you know, build one
yourself if you want.
Or they're going to be selling it. They said they
estimate the console is going to be
anywhere from, you know,
um, you know,
was it $350 for the control core
or $1,000 for the world core?
Because it's a few, I mean,
we're talking like it is a synthesizer, so
it's kind of in the realm of that.
It makes sense price-wise. As a video game
console, not so much. But it does get
controlled partially within the NES controller, so
it looks interesting.
Um,
and last but not least, the
kick-started project, or it was
attempted to be kick-started, but it kind of failed.
Um, Project Awakened
has now, um,
put itself on hold, I guess,
due to alternate funding
options and donors
are now receiving refunds. In other words,
somebody is picking this thing
up and will probably publish it.
So, that's kind of cool.
Because it looks kind of interesting.
One of the first Unreal 4 games
that's kind of like a first person,
or a third person
superhero action
game. So, could be neat.
Alright.
Going over to some news from Level 5.
You know Level 5, they made Ni No Kuni,
was one of their more recent developing games.
Dragon Quest 8, of course, you know, they've done
a lot of games. White Knight Chronicles.
Well, they have some trademarks
out there that have been filed. It's
reported that they have filed trademarks for
Rare Drop Adventure Note,
Earth Devastating
B-Rank Girlfriend.
That's what it's called.
That's an awesome title.
And Wonder Flick. That's kind of a neat
little sounding thing too. They were all
trademarked by the developer all around the same time.
Who knows what this could be? These could be three
titles in one series. These could all be
new games in development.
They could be Red Herrings. Who knows? They could be
anything. But I hope
they all sound like neat
titles. So, whatever they are, they're pretty kick-ass.
But of course, you know, you can't
judge a game based off its title. But these are good
starts. But we don't know anything else
about these. Maybe E3?
Maybe Tokyo Game Show?
It sounds like it might be
the third Guild
game. They always have these
weird kind of indie games that are
a prize of that. So, maybe
these are titles in that.
Okay, that's a good theory.
Also, Nintendo apparently
going to be introducing Retro Studio's new
project in the not-so-distant
future. Could this be
E3 or a Nintendo Direct?
Who knows? But
Hiro Yamada said, quote,
I wonder what kind of game it is. I hope
to introduce it to you in the not-so-distant
future.
Interesting. That's in an
interview with Official Nintendo.
Well, what? Official Nintendo Magazine. Must be over in
Japan because they don't have one here anymore.
So, I'll tell you what it should be.
What? It should be
a new Excite Shark game.
It's the UK Official Nintendo Magazine.
It should be a new Excite Shark game. Is that what you want Retro Studios
to be working on? That would sell me a system.
A new Excite Truck game. That's good.
I'm not talking fucking
Excitebots trick racing.
Because that was absolute shit.
I will be tickled pink if
it's a new Metroid or a new F-Zero.
Especially a new F-Zero.
That would be pretty cool. I mean, at least that's a
racing game, Loki. You gotta get excited about that a little bit.
Come on. HD.
Super fast. Alright. Anyhow.
Also, this may or may not be
something up Dark Sakura's alley. I don't know if she's really
into this series anymore. I don't have any alleys.
The Sims 4.
Oh, you're not so much a Sims
girl anymore? If it
manages memory better and lets me get in more
fun mods, then
yeah, but Sims 3 played like shit.
Well, Sims
Is it online only? Well,
the rumor is, yes it is.
But what, I mean, of course
that rumor's gonna be out there after what happened with
SimCity. It will be very interesting to see how
what happened with SimCity plays into this.
Regardless, we all know it's gotta happen
eventually, but it looks like it's something that could be
happening relatively soon. They are
saying this could actually be announced tomorrow,
May 6th. So by the time many of you hear
this podcast, it could have been announced.
This is due to a web domain
registration, apparently by EA.
Which I would have thought you would grab the Sims 4
name a hell of a long time ago. Whatever.
The studio is holding a conference
call tomorrow. Supposed to be making a
major announcement. So what the hell else would it be?
Except maybe five more Sims 3 expansions!
Yes!
They have about that, Maynie.
You wanna know what's really sad?
Is that with Sims 3, the
stuff that the mod community's been doing
is worlds better
than any of the official stuff
that EA put out. I mean, even
down to custom furniture,
everything, the fan community has just been
perfect, and I would love for
it would actually, I would buy it
if they would hire some of the
mod people. The people who have done mods. Well, they're not Valve.
I know, but I'm saying
that would sell it for me right there, is
certain people in the
custom community. You don't want to be always
connected? No!
I hate people.
Because Sims
because Sims Online
Sims Online worked so well.
Rob. And also the Sims Social worked so
well that they're totally closing
that game. Actually, Sims Social was, everybody
was fucking playing that. I played Sims
Social. That came and went.
Like, I kind of wish Candy Crush Saga would
I finally blocked it this week, y'all. I couldn't
anymore with Candy Crush. I couldn't. And then
what happens last night, I'm lying in bed
and I hear this very familiar song and I'm like
what are you doing over there on your phone, Alan?
I'm stuck on level 29
in Candy Crush Saga. No!
You can't
escape. For the record, I don't hate
people, just most people.
You love
all our listeners, right? Yeah.
Okay, good.
Yeah, I love you guys.
No, seriously.
I love you guys. Seriously. Seriously.
Love you, mean it. Seriously. Alright, Dark
Soccer, what do you got for us? I am not
Grumpy Cat.
I'm not Grumpy Cat. I'm
Disgruntled Cat.
Anyway, Square
Enix is remastering
soundtracks from Final Fantasy games.
We will be seeing the Final Fantasy
4 one released
on, looks like July 3rd
this year.
That's the first one they're starting
with and they're going to have box art done
especially by
Yoshitaka Amano
and then
of course we're probably not going to see it in
the US, but
Square Enix does do digital releases
for a lot of their albums so we might see it on iTunes.
iTunes. Of course,
you know, if you actually want a physical CD so that
you can get the awesome artwork, there's always CD
from Japan.
Also,
Break Man, I am not hating your faces.
Okay, I don't hate anyone's
faces.
Also, we have
a notice that there is
a DVD out called 100 yen
the Japanese Arcade Experience
which is a
documentary about
arcade culture in Japan.
There's a trailer for it out if you're
interested in looking at it, but
not only does it talk about
just gaming, arcade
gaming in Japan, it does talk about the US
and Canada as well, and the
casual gamers.
So,
and last but not least,
for people who are pinball
fans, like me,
Pinball FX 2 is coming
to Steam. The game
itself will be free, but the tables will be
10 bucks a pop. 6 pounds
for our British listeners.
And that's including Star Wars
Pinball, Marvel Pinball, Marvel Pinball
Legends of Virtue, Marvel Pinball
Avengers Chronicles, Pinball FX
2 Core Collection, and
Zen Classics.
I had a
pretty good time playing it. It sort of gave
me some of the feel of
pinmame, but
not
quite. They're
all original stuff, so it was pretty neat.
That's cool. Yeah.
Alright, so let's move
on a little bit to some
actual, I
don't know,
Xbox rumors, if you will.
This week,
it was made known that
Microsoft has registered
the domain for Xbox
Fusion, and
also
some other stuff related to XboxFusion.de,
XboxFusion.co.uk,
XboxFusion.biz.
So,
one would think, hey,
you know, Xbox Fusion, that could be
a name of a console, maybe.
Maybe.
So,
good chances are that
might be actually what they're gonna finally call the
console.
Maybe a little bit better than
Xbox Lube, I don't know, I mean.
Unless they're having a
service called Fusion.
That's true, I guess they could have that
as well, but
at least there is something that's gonna be
kind of relating
to the Xbox that's gonna be named Fusion,
so we'll see if it's actually the console, or
it's not a bad name for a console, I guess.
It could work. It just
seems like they arbitrarily picked a name out of their
asses. Fusion sounds cool,
let's call it that.
Then also, there is
a rumor that the next,
or the first,
I guess, debut game of
Respawn Entertainment is gonna
actually be this game
called Titan, and
some information has kind of
leaked out about it already,
saying that the game
is gonna revolve around
these giant mechs,
called Titans, and so it's kind of a
multiplayer shooter game, but
then it's also gonna have these giant mechs as well,
kind of think it's a little bit like MechWarrior,
but maybe more of the
scale of, it kind of reminds me of
Command & Conquer Generals, and
MechWarrior.
The Titan thing is really funny, because Blizzard
has that Project Titan thing right now.
We all know that's not the real name of the game,
but it's just funny that
there is a game called Titan, maybe.
And then,
what else?
And apparently,
this might be exclusive to the next
platform. I'm assuming it's gonna be exclusive
for a limited amount of time. I don't know if it's gonna be
exclusive forever, but probably at launch.
And Microsoft's had a few deals like this
with the DLC, Windows, and all that.
Skyrim, right, had that?
Yeah, Skyrim
did. Call of Duty does,
and did.
Grand Theft Auto did.
Ah, yeah.
There's been a lot.
And then,
of course,
Illumaroom had a new trailer this week,
and for those who don't remember,
Illumaroom is this brand new
peripheral that's gonna tie in with the
Xbox 360, or the new Xbox,
and perhaps PCs
as well, to kind of
extend the play field
for your games. And the way it's being
done, they actually showed the device this time, so
we don't have to imagine what it looks like.
It's all very prototype right
now, but right now,
it's basically a projector
attached to a Kinect sensor,
and the Kinect sensor scans the room,
and so it actually will,
you can use it for
special effects, you can use it to
increase, you know, your
field of view, you can also
use it for, like,
indicators and
stuff in the game,
and the way it does everything, it actually
projects stuff in there and will manipulate,
like, you can actually have, like, a ripple
effect come out of the screen, and
it just looks really cool. But
this is something that you
were really only gonna see, I guess, a public demo
of it as early
as July is when they're gonna
publicly demo this, and it's not expected
to be something that the system launches with if it
does eventually. Which might have bummed out some people
that were kind of looking forward to something like that.
The concept looked really cool.
I would be worried that if they launched this
with the console, which, don't get me wrong, I think
if they could get it in the console and have
the price of it be cheap enough,
because adding a projector,
an HD projector, and
another Kinect sensor. Yeah, but what if it's
not, like, the images itself,
if it's just, like, colored lights and things
like that that enhance the- But it's actually,
it's a project- I mean, it looks neat.
I mean, it looked neat. Maybe that's what they're still trying to figure
out, is the- The problem is, though, is
they envision it as, like, a projector
that sits on a coffee table. So once again,
you're talking
Kinect sensor- I don't got a coffee table!
That's for rich people! Exactly. I don't have a coffee
table, I don't have this, you know,
you're limiting it now to
okay, it's gonna have this, this thing
that's gonna sit on a coffee table. Well, hey, hold on a second.
If I have to have a coffee
table in my room, this projector's gonna sit- Where do I play
Kinect? Exactly, exactly.
But you're telling me to move the coffee table out of the
way to play the Kinect games? I'm confused!
I am not rearranging the goddamn furniture
to play Xbox. What do you want me to do with this coffee
table? Microsoft
unveils the easily movable coffee
table. It moves out! It moves back in!
It put sensors on it, it put
coffee on it! It's great. The Microsoft
transformer coffee table, wah wah wah.
It's coming to you from IKEA!
That would mean you'd
have to build it yourself, and it would have a name
like Sfarce
Gardevan. Or Billy.
Well, that's the bookcase, sorry.
Alright. There you go, Xbox
Fusion is the new coffee table.
This system
is the coffee table.
It fuses to your coffee table. It is the
coffee table. It becomes one with
the coffee table. It hopefully has nothing to do with
Fusion Frenzy. Let's
pray, please. That has nothing to do with
Fusion Frenzy. Or what if, what if
or we could see the headlines now.
There's a frenzy for the new Xbox
Fusion. It's a Fusion Frenzy!
Break! Ahhhh!
Break Man in our chatroom at live.hug
at live.hugnetwork.com says
Xbox needs to move the coffee table
its damn self.
That's really hilarious. Setting up
room for Kinect.
It just
knocks over your coffee table.
It disappears into the floor
with everything that was left on it.
Pushes the cat out of the way.
Meow!
With Xbox Fusion's new
telekinetic abilities
it can move your furniture for you.
Arrange in room for Kinect.
That would be hilarious. I want one of those giant
holes that opens up in the ground to drop
people I don't like out of sight forever. Creating the
high wall. Couch moves in the place.
Alright, now we're getting
stupid. Let's get to the foogle question
of the week.
Facebook, Google Plus.
Slam them together, you get foogle.
It's the foogle question of the week. Every week
we ask a question of our fan communities and read
some of our favorite answers here on the show.
Again, like last week, way
too many answers. I can only read
some of them tonight. I'm sorry guys. Let's start
on Google Plus with the
answer to the question about pinball.
DarkSakura likes to talk about
pinball a lot on the show.
A lot you guys. She talks about it
a lot. She's talked about it five minutes ago.
We played pinball last night.
Also in the news this week we are hearing
that pinball FX2 is coming to steam as she
mentioned a minute ago. What do you think about
pinball? Are there some pinball tables that you
can't pass up playing when you see them?
How about pinball video games? Are there any favorites
that you have or will you only play the
real thing? Let's go to Google Plus with some of the answers
here. IceP on
Google Plus. I love
that name. I think my favorite
simulators were Pinball Dreams, Pinball
Fantasies, and Slam Tilt on the
Amiga. You just
the very first thing a listener named was my
absolute favorite. Pinball Dreams was on the
PC as well. I know it was more known as an Amiga
game. I think it was amazing and Pinball Fantasies
was great too. I'm sorry
I just had one of those random thoughts. What?
There's a Commodore 64 set that works for
iCade. Just letting you know.
Oh, the emulator thingy? I have
that.
Stoked. Anyway, back to pinball.
How can you of all people
change the topic away from pinball?
Shame on you. Now we're talking about
Dragon Crush?
Going back to IceP.
I love the fact that these weren't real
tables. The way no one could
unfavorably compare them to the real thing.
Plus it allowed them the freedom to let their
imagination run wild.
Panaxium says, I remember my first pinball
game was Moraff's Pinball back on the
386. I was too young
to understand how awful of a game that was.
Later I got hooked on Epic Pinball
and that was a blast. However, I don't think
I ever had the chance to play a real pinball table.
Really?
You never played a real pinball table?
I guess maybe that's one of those things I take for granted.
Bars. I mean, maybe you're not
a bar person, but a lot of bars have them.
Have pinball tables.
Bowling alleys? I don't know if that's a thing.
Movie theaters.
And John's Incredibly
Crappy Pizza. You need to go find a pinball
table, son. Alright, Travis
H. on Google Plus says, I love
pinball. Used to play the Addams Family table
until my quarters ran dry at a rec center
here in Florida. Also love the Indiana
Jones table. I play a lot of Zen pinball
on my Vita. Collecting the tables
and going back and forth with friends trying
to top scores. Great game.
Remember Prop Cycle Addams Family?
Yes!
Wasn't that at California Extreme or something?
I need to figure out when that is this year.
Pinagogo's coming up in a couple months too, by the way.
Is it really? Yeah. I need to get these things on the calendar.
I just, isn't
We're taking our jackpot. Isn't California Extreme
almost always the last weekend in July because
I bet you it's the same frickin' day as Clue.
I bet you anything. Uh, that might be.
But I know that for, well, Pinagogo's
the one in Dixon, and we're taking
jackpot there because
the creator of jackpot in a bunch
of the series is gonna be at
Pinagogo this year.
No, it's July 13th to 14th this year.
I'll be in rehearsals that weekend,
but maybe I can go on Sunday
at least. We should still make it happen.
I know, I should. It'll be fun.
Anyhow, where were we?
We're going to Facebook. Those are some of the answers
from Google+. Please check out our community on Google+.
to read them all. And I'm gonna read
some of the answers here on Facebook as well.
Andy R. says
I still don't quite get pinball.
It's fun to play, but I have
no clue how to score well in it, and I always
suck. I'm the guy that loses the ball
in the first 10 seconds and gets saved by
the noobsaver feature. I bought
Pinball Arcade on PS3 Vita
recently after kickstarting the Star Trek
table. It's pretty fun, even if my scores
are abysmal, and it's a good distraction
if I've got my Vita on me and I need to kill some time
while I'm out. Any tips for Andy?
There's actually
a series of DVDs out.
We've got a few of them, but a lot of them
have been put on YouTube.
It actually teaches you a little bit of the physics
involved with a well-balanced pinball table.
A lot of it is learning how to
catch the ball with your flippers
and learning where your
triggers are, because pretty much it's
really just a game of physics.
Here's the
most common mistake new players make
is that they hit both flippers at the same time.
Don't ever do that.
The only time that might work
is multi-ball, when it just so happens
to be timed that way. But you've got to get yourself
out of the habit of hitting both flippers at the same
time, and if you can do that, that's the first step.
And if you are just trying to keep from draining,
keep your eye on the flippers.
When you see that ball
coming to your field of vision, hit whatever
flipper it's going towards. Now I want to play some pinball.
Come to my house.
Come to my house! Jeremy J,
my buddy from Koopa Club,
I want to give a shout out to that podcast. They're a
fun little bunch. They just had a drunkie episode
not that long ago either. Those are fun.
So, looking forward to meeting him in
August when they come out here for Gamer X.
But anyway, Jeremy J says,
I'm dreadful at pinball in every form,
whether it's on an actual table or a digital
version. That doesn't stop me from really
enjoying it though. I sunk 10 plus hours
into Zen Pinball 2 and didn't even realize it.
In terms of tables I wouldn't pass
up. Anything horror related
would have to get at least one go from me.
Twilight Zone, Creature from the Black
Girl Goon, etc. Creature is awesome.
You used to have that one. We did.
Gaming Nerd says,
real pinball is the way to go. While some
pinball video games like Zen Pinball keep the idea
alive without having to build an actual table
from the ground up, it just doesn't feel the same
as playing on real tables. With a real
pinball table, the physics with the ball and the
angle of the table are as real as it gets.
Video game pinball is emulated realism
and can still run the risk of a bug
in the physics engine used to simulate
the ball's movement and hit detection against
the bumpers, flippers, etc.
Plus, who doesn't love a machine full of
flashing lights and that deafening loud knocker
when you earn a free game? Not
going to disagree with you, Gaming Nerd, but
the real machines can be full of bugs, too.
The ball's getting stuck,
magnets not working.
For example, we have a problem with our Twilight Zone
right now, where if it doesn't warm up properly,
the game will reset itself halfway through
the first ball. We
had to, actually for
pinball tables, for them to work properly, they have to be
very well calibrated. They have to be balanced.
They have to, you have to
make sure that your contacts are clean. You have to make sure
the balls are clean.
Do you always make sure
the balls are clean, Dark Sakura?
Well, we had a mention of
Twilight Zone earlier. With Twilight Zone,
they also use
ceramic balls.
For Powerball,
shut up.
You guys should see the look on Rob's face.
It's maybe a little
troll face. Do you shine
the balls yourself?
You know what? Bite me.
Another thing, too, tables are
actually waxed, especially if they're
wood
surface tables. There's a lot
that has to be done. Even the type of leg that
you use, because we have those nice brass ones
on the World Cup. Sometimes even the
leg you use on it, but so much goes into
the balance of the game. You have so many different
components to make sure it works.
Upkeep of
a physical table
is going to make or break you playing the game.
So, would you say that after
extended play on a wax table, that the balls would
eventually become waxed as well?
Breakman in chat says, my balls need a good
shining. You can shine your own damn balls.
Well, maybe after the show, he should just go do that.
I don't want to know about it.
It's just pinball. Alright,
VX JasonXV
in chat asks a real question here.
What is the reason for the free game
knocker? That's a good question. Why is that fucking
so loud when you win a free game? Is that just to
draw attention in the arcade? Tradition.
Oh, tradition? I don't know. I think maybe
actually, my thought of it being so loud
is that, this is my own theory,
is that it's so loud in an arcade
that they want to draw attention
to that you won one. That's what I figured.
However, we were
I was playing jackpot last, actually
Deanna who
was one of our DDR friends. Hi, Deanna.
Does she listen to the show? Probably not.
She's at a baseball game tonight
in Fresno. Okay. It's like, you're going to Fresno?
Well, with all those long flights
to Japan, you would think she listens to some podcasts.
Yeah. Well, at any
rate, she was
playing World Cup, Dan was playing
Twilight, and I was playing jackpot. Those are the only three we have
left. And then Dan got
an extra ball because he was really good at
Twilight Zone. And I swear, I
tilted the machine, or
almost tilted the machine just because I
wasn't expecting it. It was so loud.
That's something that new pinball players should know about
too, is that tilting the machine
is okay. It's
about finding the right balance. You can't
slam the thing too much, but a little
smack, you just got to slap it on the ass
a little bit to get those
balls right where you got to get them.
The sweet spot for most tables is going to
be right past the flipper. Yeah, tell us
about that sweet spot. Shut up.
And you use the palm of your
bottom of your palm. You know what? Bye.
And she's left.
I can't help it.
You're talking about the sweet spot.
How about the listeners? Back to the
listeners on Facebook.
Burr says, my favorite
pinball game of all time is pinball
construction set. I loved making my
own pinball tables on my Apple 2.
Where the hell is the Kickstarter for a remake?
I hear ya, except
replace Apple 2 with Commodore 64
and that was me. That game was awesome.
Like a Sega game too, where you can make
a Genesis game that you can make pinball
tables. They did, didn't they? I don't remember
what it was called, but I remember at the back of the box there they had one
that was like one bumper and
all the flippers you could possibly fit on
the screen. All flippers.
That was all it was. Fabrice
A says, sadly, pinball machines
have become even more rare than arcade
cabinets. I do enjoy pinball a lot.
Once you know how to score big,
it's super addictive. I've played my fair share
of pinball tables. Independence Day, High Roller,
The Simpsons, Roller Coaster Tycoon,
Lord of the Rings, and the list goes on. The one I enjoyed
the most was The Addams Family.
Very intricate.
Now Jamie, do they have a good Game of Thrones
table? Cause I would imagine that, you know,
that'd be pretty popular. If it's gonna
come out, there would be Stern making it.
But Stern, I think,
has a...
What was the last one that Stern did? Was it
Tron Legacy? I'm gonna have to check now.
They actually have
a deluxe one that has all the neon lights
and everything around it too.
Shattered Hawk says, the girlfriend
and I go to the Nickel Cade about once
or twice a month. We spend most of the time
playing the Star Trek and Addams Family
pinball games. And lastly,
Edgar R says, I love pinball. I never
passed up The Simpsons at my old local pub.
Again, those are just some of the answers from
Facebook and Google+. Sorry, I didn't have time to read
them all. And tonight, I kind of picked people
that don't usually get in chat and I don't
usually hear from on the show in other ways.
Trying to spread the love around a little bit. So,
I do encourage all our listeners though to read the
complete list of answers at Facebook.com.
Metallica pinball is the last one.
They have a Metallica pinball?
They're gonna fuck that up just like they did
Guitar Hero. I think they also did a Kiss pinball as well.
Hold on. No, that's cool.
Alright.
Let's get back into some other news.
Oh, I guess it's my turn for other news too.
Nintendo possibly
going into more free to play software.
I want to say we heard this rumor before.
But this is about something that happened
with Satoru Iwata and I
think it was in an interview
that was actually on Nintendo.co.jp
The company is looking beyond
digital distribution and is thinking about free to
play games. Question.
You talked about Nintendo's digital
business in the presentation. I remember you said
that in addition to the package software business
the digital business could be a core business
for Nintendo. Could you please give an indication
as to how much you expect to generate in
digital sales this fiscal year and the next?
Also, apart from replacing package
distribution with digital distribution
I understand that you are developing network based
products such as Wii Street U powered
by Google. Do you expect to be able to
make hit network based products and create a buzz
in society? Here's the answer.
Also, as you pointed out, we think
the digital distribution of package software
is only the first step in expanding our digital
business. We will not simply
change our existing package software
distribution channel. Rather, we might
have many other types of business models
in addition to package software.
For example, we might see more games
that are similar to free to play games,
games that cost much less, or games
that require a monthly subscription fee.
That would be uncharted territory for
Nintendo. Digitalization allows
for greater flexibility whereby having
more ways to make payments, both software
developers and consumers have more options.
And Nintendo 3DS and Wii U
have flexible systems to handle such
treads, so it is now a question of
putting these ideas into action. I
can definitely say that Nintendo will make
new offers that go well beyond
simply replacing package software
with digital software.
Now that doesn't necessarily mean
free to play, but certainly they are looking
at mixing things up a little bit and not just
being digital versions of the same
stuff. I think Jamie's
next story ties into this a little bit as well,
so I'll let her go next and we'll come back to this.
Although I do
want to say, I will say real quick, I
played that Wii Street U by Google. I was
messing around with that on the Wii U a little bit this week.
I had no idea that
on Google Maps now, they're taking
pictures inside of places.
Like, even like there's a nail
salon up the street, you can look inside
it and do the whole panoramic. Have you heard of
what's it called, the secret door or something?
It uses that inside view
it takes you
to random places around the world.
There's an animation
of a door opening and then you're
quote inside with the
Google view. I had no idea
that this was, I guess, I tweeted
about it because I'm like, whoa, the Wii U thing
lets you go inside places now and somebody
responded and said, actually Google
added that a while ago. I guess I missed that
but that was, that's crazy. Now I have to ask
the software I know is free right now.
Yeah. But
it's not going to be free forever.
Is this something that someone would actually pay for?
I mean, because it seems kind of dumb.
No, because it's a little choppy. I mean
it's neat, it's a really neat concept.
But
it's probably like internet browser where it's going to be
free for forever and then they'll charge for it at some point.
That's what I'm saying.
Well, they have this other thing that they're charging for
that are videos. Like, you can
download a video of a double decker
tour thing going through, you know, parts
of London and you can do the whole pan
around with the thing. But they want to
charge you like $1.50 for
a couple minute, essentially like a two minute video.
That's silly. But there's a demo
that has a little bit of all of them and
that's well enough. Anyway, sorry Jamie.
Alright, well, um,
for people who own a Wii U, there
is a freebie out there.
Tank Tank Tank is free on the Wii U
eShop. Um, and then
there's paid DLC.
And then there's also Kung Fu Rabbit.
So, uh, there also
are virtual console updates with other
games, um, including, these aren't
free by the way. Pac-Man and Mega-Man
are five bucks a pop.
And then, um,
there are also, let's see,
there's some sales. There's Nano Assault Neo.
Zen Pinball 2.
And then on the 3DS, there will be
Bear Shark. Bear Shark.
Okay. Gummy Bear's Magical
Medallion. My Writing Stables 3D.
Armageddon Operation Dragon.
Balloon Fight. Yay.
Um, and then on sale will be Marvel Pinball
3D. 3D Classics Kirby's
Adventure. Uh, Dylan's
Rolling Western. Pushmo.
Fluidity Spin Cycle. That just makes
me think of laundry.
Um, Tokyo Crash Mobs, Nano Assault
EX, Art of Balance Touch, and Fun
Fun Mini Golf Touch.
Cool. Alright.
Uh, oh wait, I just want to say real quick. I actually played
the Tang Tang Tank. I downloaded it. Cause
now Nintendo has that cutting edge
technology where it finally downloads things in the background.
So I just set it up to download the one gig thing,
whatever. It's really crippled
because you can't even do story mode in
it. All you can do is you can do like the versus mode
or whatever like three times a day.
And it's kind of silly. Like,
there's not a lot to it. I was
I was, you can't do it online
or anything. Like, what's the point
of Tang Tang Tank with the silly pictures
if you can't play it online? It's not free to play. It's a demo.
Yes, it is. It's a demo.
It's not free to play. It's not free to play, yeah.
So it's weird to me that we're calling this
free to play. I mean, I understand that's how the news
is reporting it. That's how Namco and Nintendo
and all that. It's a demo.
But it's just a demo you can kind of keep playing
over and over again. I mean, maybe that's
Well, you can't keep playing
it over and over again because you're locked
three times. Then you run out of energy.
I'm sorry.
Let me put it this way.
That, I think the whole like time
limit demo thing, you know, for
you know, multiple
plays is stupid.
Saints Row, when that first came out
as a demo, was a 30 minute demo. I played
the crap out of it. I played it over and over and over again.
And it got me really hyped about the game.
If I was only limited to play that three times a day,
say, oh hey, I want to
show my friend this game that's really awesome
that I'm super hyped up about. Oh fuck, I can't play
it until tomorrow because they're being fucktards
about it. I mean, it's stupid.
YYR in chat says, got news
for you, Tank Tank Tank's retail version doesn't
have online play either. You know, I feared
that and how
derpy dumb is that? That should have
been an obvious thing to
put in the game, but no.
It just seems to me like that's a game though that,
and I was excited about it for a while, but it just seems like
it would lose something being outside of the arcade too.
Yeah, especially when you're sitting in the house
playing it by yourself, it's just not the same, you know?
Well, no one wants to play by themselves, Rob.
Well, apparently Break Man does.
If you remember earlier.
Playing with yourself really should only be like, nevermind.
I liked playing it in the
arcade because I could just reach over and smack Dan
in the head. Sometimes.
I like taking the pictures
with the little wigs and things.
Alan said I looked like Nicki Minaj in one of them.
Great!
Actually, one of my old live journal
icons is the little tank with the squid
in it going, thank you.
So.
Let's move on, Logie.
Alright, so let's see.
Let's talk about
Call of Duty. And I mean, we kind of knew this
was coming because they had all this
stuff at retailers, posters
and information were leaking out about
Call of Duty Ghosts. And they finally
had their announcement, yes, it's
going to be coming out. It isn't as
it was rumored to be coming out on
next gen only. It's going to be coming out on
Playstation 3, Xbox 360
and PC on November 5th
and also next generation platforms
at an unspecified date.
No Wii U version was announced
and I can also confirm that there is no
Wii U version as of right now.
Unless it's something that they're saving for some
Wii U thing that they're going to say, oh by the way
it's Wii U now too. But
I just don't know if they made their money
back on the Wii U version. I think that's what a lot of these
companies are coming to decide that like
hey, we're not really making a lot of money on it.
But, apparently
it's going to revolve around Ghost
from Modern Warfare 2
and they did
say that the next gen
version of the game is going to
have a brand new engine.
Current gen version, sorry, it's going to be running on the same engine
that Black Ops 2 and Modern Warfare 3
are running on.
If you want to make that argument, it's the same game each
year, go ahead.
It'll be slightly different.
I'm looking forward to it.
I've played quite a bit Call of Duty recently.
I think you and a lot of people
look forward to it. These games always sell like crazy.
I don't look for it to be that different, I just look
for it to be fun. I mean, that's really it.
The single player campaign
might be cool because now I'm going back and playing through
all the single player campaigns from them.
But as long as the multiplayer is fun,
I don't know. I really wish they would just put
a multiplayer version of that, only make it
maybe half the price or something.
But then, of course, they'd be cutting out profits.
That's right. Profits, profits, profits!
Alright, anyhow, I'm
so excited, you guys. It's been forever
since we've been able to do a segment like this.
The way this segment
ties to games is really loose, but you
know what? We've got to bring in an
opportunity to make fun of local news!
Which I realize is the same as our
breaking news theme, or NBC's
breaking news theme, but you know what?
It's all dramatic, all the same.
So, this is about,
and I know so many of you have read about this,
this is about a man in New
Hampshire who was robbed
at a carnival game trying to
win an Xbox Kinect. That's
the only way this ties to video games,
that the ultimate prize was an Xbox Kinect.
But you guys, this story is
freaking priceless.
It's too dumb to be real. It's priceless.
It makes me think of The Onion.
Courtesy of ABC 40,
coming out of, where are they
based? Springfield. And Fox
6, I guess they're owned by the same people.
So here you go, courtesy of these guys.
A clip from the local news.
I've searched years for the perfect mattress.
I don't care about the perfect mattress.
Mattress Hunter! He searched for
the perfect mattress. I didn't say
local commercials, I said local news.
Badly animated flash animation.
Alright, here we go.
Henry
Greboom says he lost his life savings.
$2600
on a carnival game and all he has to show
for it is this stuffed banana
with dreadlocks.
What kind of idiot?
He has a stuffed banana with
dreadlocks. You guys have to see the picture. Let me make a prediction
that this banana will go up on
eBay with this story and he will make
money. Right? And then
he's in cahoots with ABC 40.
We were expecting to win a few things and
let the kids have a good time.
It just didn't turn out that way.
Greboom says he attended a Manchester
carnival run by Fiesta shows
and wanted to win an Xbox
Kinect at a game called Tubbs
of Fun.
It's right next to the pinball.
Tubbs of Fun. It's probably not
actually Kinect. I'm guessing it's probably
an Xbox console with Kinect.
I'm thinking. Because how else
could you justify $2600?
I mean that's how much you've been thinking.
I'm thinking that he's a little
misrepresented. Tubbs of Fun.
Our contestants toss
balls into a tub.
When he practiced he says... Sorry guys.
It's at max volume so I apologize. This is a little
low. Sorry. It was easy.
But something changed when he started
playing for the prize and the balls
kept popping out.
The balls
kept popping out.
It's one of those games. It's clearly that game where you
throw the baseball into the little... It's like the angled
bucket, right? Kind of ski ball-ish.
Yeah. But I'm sure they switched
the ball on you at the last minute or whatever.
It's not possible that it wasn't rigged.
Greboom says he kept trying
to win back his money by going double
or nothing. He dropped
$300 in just a few minutes.
Why do they have this guy walking
down the street pushing his baby in the
roller with this giant banana with dreadlocks?
That's what cracks me up.
I want to know why they're giving
this fuckwad any attention at all.
Because it's so ridiculous.
Because it's funny.
It's not funny. It's sad.
It's like those gambling people, you know?
...at $2300 more
and soon lost all that as well.
I know it's a difficult game.
I've tried it myself. I've done it
once. Missed probably 20 times.
Fiesta Show says the game is run by an
independent contractor who's worked for
Fiesta for years. It's interviewing
the contractor to see what happened.
Queen Simia in our chat room
brings up a good point. On the plus side, that's a
really big banana. Literally
that's what she said.
Are there any scams at all
with any of the games? Not that I'm aware of.
We've had a lot of these game operators
with us for years. The Traveling Carnival
is now setting up here in Derry,
New Hampshire, but you will not see
Tubbs of Fun.
Because he's taking a vacation because
he just made $2300.
He's like, fuck that. I can skip this next one.
It's the seriousness of that. You will not see
Tubbs of Fun or any fun
whatsoever.
Is this the Daily Show right now?
That's why
I thought this was onion-worthy.
But if
I had $2600
as my savings
and I wanted to buy an
Xbox. But Jamie, he was just
addicted. He had to keep doubling down.
He had to win that money back. And he's a fucking idiot.
Allegedly.
Allegedly. No, I'm saying it.
I'm going on record. In my opinion
sir, Mr. Banana,
you are Tubbs
of Stupid. And now he has this
giant banana he's got to feed too as well as
his children. I mean a banana of that
size is going to eat a lot of food.
Donkey Kong is coming for you.
That's a lot of potassium.
And maybe listen to a lot of reggae.
And smoke some stuff.
Independent contractor that runs
the game is not allowed to set up
while an investigation
is taking place. Because you get caught
up in the whole double or nothing. I've got to
win my money back. Henry says he went back
Notice something about this shot.
Jamie, I want to point this out to you while this guy is being
interviewed. The baby is left
alone in the stroller with only the
banana to comfort him. And he's
struggling to get out.
Did you see what Bobby just linked in chat?
No.
CollegeHumor wants
to pay $2600
for a giant dreadlock
stuffed banana. Of course.
This guy will end up making a profit
off this story. He will sell it on eBay.
Oh my god. And
here we are in debt.
He's just an idiot.
Why would you try? I mean, come on.
I understand that you may have gotten caught
up in the moment, but
it's not like you're gambling to win money
in a casino. You're gambling to win
an object that has a certain value.
And that value is certainly not
$2600. How many people who lose
money in casinos do they interview saying
men but life savings playing
penny slots. Yeah, but you can't
win a banana with dreadlocks at a casino.
Yes, you can.
Oh, really, bitch? Yes, you can.
Well, you can get things that are equally
as ridiculous. Like, you know, Circus Circus
and Excalibur have all those little
games in the basement. I want to know.
Hold on, hold on. Raginator in chat says
will he get a hammock for that banana?
That's a good question. It's big
enough. BlackWolf wants to know
or BlackWolf suggests we need a giant
orange with dreadlocks. Instant
money. You know what, Bobby? I can make that for
15 bucks. I'll do
it, too. Who designs
these stuff things like they're
like, was it like a dartboard
like a dartboard? It says, you know,
fruit and the accessory
banana
dreadlocks, orange
cowboy hat. They should
freaking hire me. I could just I could design some
really disturbing stuff. The Chinese
he went back the next day to complain
and the man running the game gave
him back $600.
See, that's the crazy. The guy gave him back
$600. What carny gives you money
back?
Sorry for you. Yeah, that's where
the story gets shady. Why did the carny give
him money back? Probably because he's like, I bet
my life savings and the guy felt a little bit bad.
I mean, I mean, how much the guy
is just making cash. I mean, he's not losing
any. There's nothing to really run this game.
Let's wrap this up and re split with
the banana and the cash.
Thank you for working that pun in.
Oh, thank you. I was
worried that
I love you. Local news. He's
split with a banana and
filed a report with Manchester PD
for once in my life. I happen to become
that sucker. At least
he admits it.
I
did.
Did he redeem himself
a little bit for at least a minute? No,
because he's still stupid. You
can admit that you're stupid, but it doesn't change that
you're stupid. He admits
that you're stupid. He's
actually pretty much ruined his
whole case because he admitted
that he was fooled.
Dear College
Humor, give me
$2600
and I will draw you a banana with
dreadlocks. I will go find you that banana.
I'm sure we can purchase it on the internet.
With $2600, I'll
buy a plane ticket to Hong Kong and go find
the manufacturer factory and get one.
Let me finish my plea for a job.
Dear College Humor,
contract me for $2600 to do nothing
but make fun of this guy.
I promise you I could do it for days on end.
I would never get tired.
YYR
says that was some hardcore
punography.
Punography.
It would only be if the pun was written.
Let's go to the mailbag.
Let's see what lovely puns await us
in the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and we pick a few of our favorite emails and read them
here on the show. DarkSakura,
what do we have tonight?
People tripping.
This one is titled, Damn
Used Games.
And this comes from someone with
a very unpronounceable name so I'm just going to say
read the email.
Hello OLR cast, my name is Zile Scott.
Thank you. You said the name.
He sold me to.
Put your name in the body of the email.
I'm going to read it.
I was just wondering if any of you guys know of a website
that I could print out cover art for used games
that have lost their original
it's not T-H-E-R-E
it's T-H-E-I-R original
case.
I recently bought a shitload of PS1 games
and none of them have cover art.
It makes me sad and annoyed.
Anyway, thanks and keep on with the great work.
Hugs and shit.
I don't know of any sites per se.
Not even.
Honestly, you know what I do in his position?
Just go to Google Image Search
and search for the game
Look for large.
And do large.
Don't blow up a medium size because it will look terrible when you print it out.
Or you can pay me $2600
and I will go get all the shit
printed for you at King Ghost
and it will all be nice.
You pay me triple that and I'll redraw it all for you.
Honestly, yeah, Google Image Search
is what I would use.
Worst case scenario, Amazon.
That's how you find a lot of missing CD covers.
But if you don't want it to look shitty
look for Hi-Rez.
Queen Simeon in our chatroom says
draw your own. Those are the best.
Our Dracula X copy that
Kristen made us back in the day
has her little stick figure
Richter Belmont
with flaily arms
and a whip.
No, you know what this guy needs?
This guy needs video game covers
Comic Sans and clipart.
Have you seen this?
That's what you need, sir.
You need to just forgo the original covers
and get Comic Sans and clipart
redos, reimaginings
Do it yourself. It can be a fun project.
That's right. Why not?
Make the best out of it.
For the record, Rob, those make baby Satan cry.
Make baby Satan cry?
Little fiery tears.
Little tears of lava.
You want to hear something really crazy?
More than one manufacturer of giant bananas
with...
God, you looked it up.
It's just seriously strange.
They seriously have one.
It's not exactly the same banana.
It's 150 bucks, by the way.
It's uglier. 150 bucks?
Well, that guy got a pretty good deal.
No, he didn't.
He got 600 of his bucks back
and then $150.
He only lost two thirds of his money.
For a carnival, that's not bad.
And he had
tubs of fun, people.
Tubs of fun.
For the record, I need to find those covers that
Krista drew me back in the day and scan them in
because they're freaking hilarious.
Especially the one for Emerald Dragon that was pretty funny, too.
Dungeonbuster in chat says,
Someone who missed out on the Nino Cooney Wizards book
made his own. That was awesome.
But you can still hire me and I will be
more than happy to lay out anything you want me to.
Let it go. Get to the next email.
Hey, I've actually got a job option.
You know what?
You know what? Just print your own bananas with dreadlocks
for the cover. Final Fantasy 7,
banana with dreadlocks. Actually, banana
with spiky mohawk for Final Fantasy 7.
I predict this year. It has me crying.
This year, instead of
space ponchos, it's all about bananas with dreadlocks.
That is going to be the new trend.
Bananas with dreadlocks. Why not?
You know, actually, I was thinking of applying
for the River Cats. Oh, yeah?
They have a marketing position open. They do.
My mom was- It's a full year, full time.
My mom was telling me to go for an announcer
position with them some time ago and I was like,
really? Me announcing baseball?
Do you really see that? It would be hilarious.
I'm the guy, hit the ball and things happen
and somebody just caught it.
Oh my god, y'all. Balls are flying
everywhere.
No.
The pitcher
just hit the batter.
Girl.
Shut up.
Alright, next email, dammit. We only have one
more. Hello, O.L.R.
Hi.
What was that?
You went high and I lost my
shoes.
I was being nice to the listeners.
You said hello, I said hello.
Rab!
I've got a question for all the hosts.
There are many games
across all generations that have become
known for their final boss fights, such as
The Doomsday Zone and Sonic 3
and Knuckles or GLaDOS and Portal.
My question to you is, which final
boss fight in a game is your favorite?
As for mine, I know you guys
don't like the game
getting a lot of praise, but I absolutely love
the final fight against
Ganon in The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time.
From the moment he transforms into
the beast that we knew from the previous
games in the series, the music sends chills
down my spine, as well as the
setting of a fallen castle is surrounded
in both flames and the crashes
of lightning and thunder across the sky,
with Zelda's standing watch,
sometimes screaming in fear when Link takes
a blow from Ganon. If you need your memory
refreshed of why I think this fight is so awesome, you can watch
it here, not clicking the link, because I know.
Thanks for reading, Ocifer.
PS, this email has been brought to you
by me and my everlasting love of the show
hosted by the gingerbread man.
Um, I would say that
when I was younger,
like, it was probably this
battle.
Yes!
Eat your damn vegetables, you stupid frog!
Because the war battle
was pretty epic at that time.
Like, this music was just like,
oh my god, he's gonna kill me!
And then you feed him veggies and it's okay.
Uh, otherwise,
maybe the Kefka battle in Final Fantasy 6
was pretty damn epic. Uh, I
honestly, not that
the battle itself was epic, but
the original Metal Gear on the NES,
that whole ending sequence
was pretty damn amazing.
Well, you mentioned the Kefka battle.
It was waiting
for Shadow at the end of
the game that was, like, the big
epic teaser.
Um, honestly,
um, I liked Final Fantasy 7's
final battle, because it was so fucking
easy and I could make a sandwich.
While the whole thing was on autoplay.
Um, god, there was another one, though,
that I, um,
I remember being completely happy with the
ending, more that I was
with the last battle. You know what?
I always liked the last fights, the Wily
fights in the Mega Man games, because it is the
stupidest weapon that you use.
Mega Man 3 used Top Man's weapon, the fuck.
Bubble Man 2, or Bubble Man in Mega Man 2.
Yeah, but Bubble Lead was actually useful.
Yes, it was, but to shoot it, to kill a
boss in an empty room,
that sucked.
No, getting Top Man and
jumping on top of the Wily floater thing.
You have to kill him by topping him.
You have to top his floater.
Um, there was a few,
there was. Loki, what about you?
Epic boss battles, do you remember?
Um,
I can't
really think of any
big boss battles, um,
I guess some of the boss battles
in Earth Defense Force are pretty epic.
Especially some of the later levels, they were just
ridiculous. But, um,
I haven't played anything with
real big boss battles lately.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles arcade game.
Yeah, the Technodrome fight.
Um,
God, I remember the first time I beat
that game, too. It was, it was actually
the day my little brother got hit by a car.
Aww. And so, my
Grandmom left me and my friend Jennifer at the mall
back when it was the old school lands castle
that still had carpeted walls.
Before Namco bought it.
Yep. And, uh,
These guys
gave me money to help them
beat the game. They, um, they paid for me to play
as Leonardo, because that was the only slot open.
And we had just beaten the game, and the thing
was just starting, and they turned off all the machines
because it was time to go. I know, I know.
I know one epic boss battle.
I got my revenge because I got to do the same thing.
Max 300 is pretty epic
getting to that. Yeah.
I can, you know, I can consider that, or, um,
shoot.
The Legend of Max? No, um,
Robo Z.
In, uh, Bust a Move.
Because remember that, you're
going through the game, and everybody's your size
and everything.
Pull up, pull up, fly into your soul.
Real quick.
And for anyone who, um,
hasn't played the game, like, um,
uh, Bust a Move,
uh,
that came out in the US, and, um,
in the US, it was Bust a Groove.
In Japan, it was Bust a Move.
You can hear this music start.
And you're on a building,
you're this little teeny tiny thing
with a robot, like,
this bigger than the building.
Like, twice the size of the building.
It was epic. You have cars running
off the edges, and all this
shit, and, oh my god,
that was the best game.
Alright. Good email.
Thank you.
I'm actually gonna say that Robo Z
is my
number one favorite boss battle.
Number one favorite boss battle.
Alright, uh, if that's it for emails,
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com
if you want to get in on a future email
bag segment. Uh, let us
get to the FUs of the week.
It's the part of the show where we get angsty.
Why? Um,
I don't know.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
I have two. The first one goes
towards me. I think I'm fighting off something.
So I'm just probably gonna take it easy tomorrow.
Um, cause,
well, I think that I'm just a little worn
down because I've maybe gotten
five hours of sleep, uh, last night and the
night before and then went to the baseball game yesterday
and was up all night and it was a new stuff.
And, actually I have three.
It turns out that my wheat and corn allergy
is a lot worse than I thought.
Which, the only reason I eat anything wheat
today is because I took plenty of Enidril before the show.
But I think that it's
definitely gonna have to get cut out altogether
and I keep pushing it and
I'm just happier without it, you know.
It hasn't stopped me from having ice cream.
I can have ice cream as long as I don't have cookies
in my ice cream. So.
The cookies are good though.
Rob, I can get gluten free cookies.
There you go.
And, um, the other one, uh,
goes towards
there not being an actual third
Bust-A-Move game.
And not counting Dance Summit.
I'm not counting Dance Summit.
We need an actual new Bust-A-Move game.
Dear Squeenix,
Dear Squa part of Enix,
when you absorbed the
Enix to become the conglomerate of
Squeenix, you also inherited
the Bust-A-Move series.
Do something with it!
The end.
Um, Frisbee.
Have you ever been headbutted by your son?
Um, yes, but that was in my head.
Um,
Becky was telling me about when Julian
was like two, he would run in while
Chris was playing Xbox games and headbutt him
in the crotch. Nice.
He was an accident. He doesn't know how to
throw a Frisbee correctly yet, so
he threw it behind him. You'll learn him.
He was a good kid.
My FU of the Week goes to the
fact that Alan made all these french fries
before the show and I ate them all
and this is why I'm bad.
Bad.
But they were so good.
Two more stories, then we're gonna open up the
Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Two more stories, Loki.
So, um, they announced a brand new
exclusive game coming to the Ouya.
It's, um, being done by
KimSwift and Airtight Games
who did Quantum Conundrum.
It's called Soulfjord.
It's a cross between
70's Funk and Norse Mythology.
And it's got a guy named Magnus Jones
who is like a viking with an afro.
I don't know, it looks cute. It's like a beaten up game.
Is it something I'm gonna be picking up? I don't know.
But it's supposed to be, uh,
coming, I guess, uh,
soon.
Not sure it's coming. Like most things, soon.
Yeah.
One more story for you guys, and this is about a very
interesting, uh, demake
of a game. And this
kind of blows my mind, actually.
Um, you know, in China
they tend to do this bootleg
software. Uh, and a lot of times
it's current titles that they cram into
these 8-bit carts, and usually they're hacks
or things like that. Like, we've seen Tekken, the
8-bit version, and all this crazy shit, right?
The RPG. Yeah, right? Like, all this crazy
shit, right? Well, here's an interesting one
they did recently. They demaked
Final Fantasy 4. What?
Yes, Super Nintendo Final Fantasy 4.
They demade it
for the Famicom.
God dammit.
Don't
play the smoking commercial. Trickyotomyman!
I don't know what, that always
made me think of Dennis Leary. God dammit,
I just wanted to see the stupid
demake, and I got a stupid commercial instead.
And I want meat from only cows that smoke.
Okay, am I gonna get the commercial again, or am I gonna get the game?
Alright. I'm Bill.
I've had diabetes since I was a little kid.
I was a diabetes guy!
When I turn the volume all the way down,
it doesn't shut them up. That's annoying.
So, sorry, I guess I can't play the music for you guys.
Adblock, adblock. But it's very...
I'm trying not to use
Adblock, because I'm supporting my favorite internet
websites. You can whitelist
your favorite internet websites. Well, I'm gonna blacklist
those sons of bitches, but anyway,
because if I can't turn the volume down,
anyway, it's
got, the soundtrack
has been shoved into the 8-bit cartridges
very well, which is really amazing,
and the, for 8-bit,
it looks pretty good, I gotta say.
They've spread it across three
cartridges, though, because, you know, Super Nintendo
versus Nintendo, they have the
light game, the dark game, and
the, I don't know, the end game, or something
like that, and because
you can't transfer saves from one
to the other, it basically recaps
the story when you start one of the, and
starts your characters at an appropriate level.
You can play them in any order you want. It's just
fascinating that somebody did a lot of
work to do that for the Famicom.
Cool. Imagine if they had focused themselves
onto, like, making an
original game. I know, right?
So there you go. Who does original
things anymore? Please.
This show's not even
original anymore. What the lump.
Alright. Now I can't get that image
of the chick with the tracheotomy out of my head. God
damn you. You know what? I can't get
Dennis Leary's voice out of my head now.
Cow's the
smoke. Had tracheotomies.
We're
going to open up the Skype line, 1-877-GAMELR
or our username on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio, all one word, if you want to give us
a call, and we can talk about
whatever. You want to talk about demakes, you want to talk about
remakes, you want to talk about anything we've talked
about tonight, or something else,
give us a call. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word
on Skype, or 1-877-GAMELR.
In the meantime, I've got some tweets
I want to read for you guys.
Tigerclaw sent us a few tweets at
twitter.com slash O-L-R. First
tweet, Sony Korea
restricts PlayStation Network to 18
plus. You guys hear about this?
The Korea PlayStation
Network has been down for like 8 or
9 months, and it just
recently reopened.
This is because of a law in South
Korea that will
keep teens under the age of 16 from
playing games during a 6 hour block at
night.
Anyhow, let's go to the phones.
It's ringing.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's the one and only Ranma. Hey, Ranma.
How you doing?
I'm good, I'm good.
Did you know that smoking is bad for you?
Why, yes it is. That's why I
smoke other things, but that's not why I call.
An endorsement from Mr. Spanky.
Why did you call?
Put the coffee on.
You gotta talk.
I'll get the cheesecake.
Fabulous, darlin'. Fabulous.
What is up? What do you want to talk about?
Okay, I'm coming home on the train, and I
tune in right about time with you. Loki's talking about
piracy and everything, and
I
understand both sides of this,
because even in my world that I
cover, we have to deal with entitlement
kids who feel that they shouldn't have to pay for
anything because it's quote unquote free
and available, but when those series
are licensed, they don't want to pony
up the twenty or thirty bucks to buy
the entire series. And of course you're talking
about anime. Yes.
It's coming to another point, it's a financial
aspect because
truth be told, I don't, it's just me.
Nobody wants to drop three and four hundred
dollars on a new console,
knowing that the games are going to be
fifty, sixty, and seventy
dollars. So if there's a way to pirate
it, so be it.
And even if the game is like
five, six dollars, people are still
going to pirate it because that's five, six dollars
that they're going to keep and put towards something else.
Yeah, but the question is
if they were to put out a game, let's say
a game like, I don't know, Tomb Raider
since Jamie brought it up earlier in the show,
she got it on sale. If they were to
release Tomb Raider for five bucks,
you'd probably have a whole lot of
people jumping on that, but would it be
twelve times the amount of people
that would have bought it for sixty bucks?
I think more people would have bought it
at five bucks and at sixty.
That's what it's coming down to. More? But would it be
twelve times as many? Because that's how many,
it's got to be more than twelve times as many.
I really think it is because it's coming down
to where you got to be cost
consensus. I mean,
most, almost every single
PS3 360
game I own, I paid
anywhere between twenty and forty bucks.
One or two, I paid retail
price only because
it was a game that I wanted or I got a gift
card for it, done and done.
And as for,
you know, releasing the game on the
Pirate Bay, free like that,
see, there's one thing
about that, if
you see this game,
you're going to check the comments
within the first five or six comments,
somebody's going to be like, oh,
this game has a hack in it,
don't download, don't download, don't download.
Then you're going to go,
find another torrent where it's the full
game and you're going to grab that.
Well, what I
understand about this particular story
though is that the author
put it up and it was downloaded so many times so fast,
you don't figure out
what's going on until you've played the game for a
little bit. True.
Let's say, you know, like within an hour or
so, people are going to go back to that torrent and be like,
oh, don't download because
Yeah, but in an hour it's been downloaded five
thousand times already. And the sad part is
that that torrent is still going, but
if you're smart, you're going to stop that and just jump
onto something else. Right, right.
So, all
right, well, anything else you want to share with listeners
tonight?
No, not really.
I'm good. I just want to get
that off my chest and agree with y'all about this whole
piracy thing and
Where
can I come give you a hug at an anime
convention coming up soon?
Are you going to any anime conventions in the next
couple weeks? I will be kidnapping
the entire staff, putting them in
a Snakes box and dragging them to
anime next in June. Awesome.
I wish you were coming to Fanime. It would give
me a reason to go. I
know, but I have my own personal reasons
that I'm taking time off for the
sponsor. I know, I understand.
VXJ Snakes V is going to be there, so
I'm still
unpacking the shoebox studio, okay?
All right, fair enough, fair enough.
She'll do it anyway. All right.
Well, take care, Rama. Thanks for the call.
You got it, bro. All right, later.
1877 Game O L R, our username
on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
Also from
Tigerclaw, another tweet about Zone of the
Ender sequel on hold. The team
was disbanded due
to issues with the HD remake.
Did the zone get ended?
Yes, it was.
Oh, boy.
This is actually from Hideo Kojima himself
on Hideo Blog, the radio show
that he does online, his little podcast.
The proposed sequel
in Zone of the Enders was ceased,
and this was because the HD
collection issues were the reasons
behind the stop in development. I guess this
doesn't mean that it can't come back
later, but for right now,
nope.
Bummer.
Again, 1877
Game O L R, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
All one word.
Sj100matt tweeted
us something about Grant Kirkhope,
who's the composer of Perfect Dark,
and Banjo-Kazooie, I thought you mentioned this
earlier, offering their soundtracks up for
Pay Issue 1. Didn't we have that Perfect Dark story earlier?
Or did we
skip it tonight? Oh, I guess I didn't
show all that after all. Well, I was gonna cover
this, but apparently not. So you can check this
out, grantkirkhope.bandcamp.com
payissue1 for Perfect Dark
and Banjo-Kazooie. So if you,
Perfect Dark had a pretty good
soundtrack, at least, I know. I didn't play
a lot of Banjo-Kazooie, but I've played
a lot of Perfect Dark on 360.
With Sj100matt,
when he had this little trolling device that worked.
Redertainment wants to know
on Twitter, is there a reason the Christian right
hasn't flipped their shit about the various
religious comments in Bioshock Infinite?
Well, the
Westboro Baptist Church is getting ready to
protest that Slayer guy's funeral,
so that's probably what they're preoccupied
with doing. Which, by the way,
what a stupid idea.
What a stupid idea.
Well, I guess I should take a step back even
further. How unfortunate
that that guy passed away and what sounds like
what's really like a freak thing. Like,
you first hear that the guy dies of liver
failure and he can't help but think,
oh yeah, rock and roll lifestyle, right? Liver failure.
But it turns out he may have got like a spider bite
a couple years ago that led to this
because he didn't get a treat. Like, it's crazy stuff.
I don't know if you guys have read about it. Very sad stuff.
Obviously Slayer has these hardcore
fans that will carve the name
of the band into their various
pieces of flesh, and the
Westboro Baptist Church is
gonna go protest this guy's funeral.
Good
luck. You'll need it.
Ah, it's gonna be violent.
But nobody's gonna care.
That's gonna be the hilarious part.
So, um,
yeah, so screw the Westboro
Baptist Church. But anyway, back to the question that was really asked
by Redertainment. Is there a reason the Christian
right hasn't flipped their shit about the various
religious comments of Bioshock Infinite?
Bigger fish to fry right now? What do you think,
Loki? You've played Bioshock Infinite.
Why hasn't the religious right started complaining yet?
I don't know why they would complain about it.
I mean, it's just, it's fictional. I don't
really think it's gonna be,
I don't know. It's
not necessarily like saying religion's bad.
It's just they're extreme
in the scenarios of the game.
So, I don't know.
I don't know why they
would waste their time on that. I mean, they're not PETA.
I mean, I guess, you know, if animals are
getting hurt or something like that, then maybe, you know,
they'd come after them.
You know, for example, if that horse scene was still
there, maybe they would come after them.
I just, I just don't
think they care. Or they're aware of it. You know, they'll bring it
up later on. You know, like how they,
how those gun makers or whatever really
get pissed off at, oh, that postal game.
It's making people violent.
Yeah, wait, wait about ten years
and then they'll finally catch up and start complaining about it.
No Shock Infinite games. Like, what?
They're just now getting around, you know, Super Mario World.
Grand Theft Auto 3
is so violent.
Alright, I think that was it for
Twitter topics tonight. So, um,
actually, wait, I want to go back. I thought I saw stuff earlier
in the week. Let me go,
let me go to Loki and ask if
you have any last minute stories
first. There is a fan made
Duke Nukem Forever mod
being released for Duke Nukem 3D.
It's based off the original footage from
the 2001 E3 trailer.
And, uh,
you can download it for free
on moddb.com
slash mod slash duke
dash nukem dash forever.
And you just need a copy of
Duke Nukem 3D.
Can you play that on Steam yet?
multiplayer?
You can download it.
I'm waiting for that. I found the tweets
that I was looking for that I knew would come earlier
in the week. What are the tweets you're looking for?
Oh, there are all the tweets I'm looking for.
YYR tweeted us earlier in the week.
Now I'm drawing comparisons between the Wii U
and Dreamcast in my head.
Might make an interesting conversation topic for
OLR. Both were released way
ahead of the competition and had difficulty
garnering third-party support. But
compared to its eventual competition,
Dreamcast held up better muscle-wise
being comparable or even favorable
to PS2 in some ways.
Um, too soon to tell.
I get the comparisons with the whole fact that
but didn't they also not make Madden on the
Dreamcast or one of the big sports games didn't
didn't make its way over there. And that was
kind of the beginning of the end. But I think there was
a lot of other stuff that came into play too.
I don't even think it's necessarily comparable because
you know, spec-wise, I don't think
it's comparable at all with the next gen system.
I think it's more like the current gen stuff.
It's just kind of an in-between thing.
And yeah, it's their next
generation of that console.
But I wouldn't compare it to the next
gen gaming systems.
You're not going to be able to do what they do
on those systems on that system.
Well, last call for calls.
1877 Game O-L-R
or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
Loki, anything else?
Mega Man Limited looks
cool. They got a new trailer for it. It's
another fan-made game.
Maybe it'll get
shut down by Capcom.
Earthbound 4
apparently having a fan game.
The creator
said on Twitter this week, I want to say
I'm not doing it. Not happening.
Very difficult to happen, so
I kind of think you should never say
never, but
getting more games in the Mother
series. I guess I should say Earthbound 4.
It's technically Mother 4. Sorry. Sorry, Piras.
But Mother 4.
There you go. He could very well just put out an Earthbound game.
Exactly.
Gotcha!
I didn't see anything about Earthbound.
So.
Alright, well
I guess no other calls tonight.
Y'all have been shy lately. We barely got
any calls last week either.
What's up with that? It's the show where every gamer
has a voice if you use it.
Alright, I'll shut down
the Skype line for now. If you think of something later, you want
to send us your thoughts. Mailbag
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com or of course there's always Twitter.
We're afraid of the banana. We might stick a banana
with dreadlocks on them? Yeah. Well, I'm hoping the Skype
connection works. Maybe something's wrong there. I should've
tested it, but. Alright, anyhow.
Well, Rama got through it, so I know at least
one of it's working. Anything else,
Loki, you want to get out?
Nope. No?
Then I guess that brings us to the end of the show.
I guess so.
A little earlier than usual
tonight, but it's only supposed to be about a three hour show
with a break included, so that's alright.
I want to thank you guys for
tuning out tonight, or tuning out
turning out tonight and tuning in. You're welcome.
Now you can tune out.
Thank you guys very much for
tuning into the show and supporting our show.
If you like what you hear, don't forget to
support independent radio. You know, there's a lot of people
out there making podcasts
just because they have voices
they want to use and just trying to make
a name for themselves and they're not asking
for $35,000 of your money to make it happen.
Support indie podcasting
and help the community grow.
And if you want to help our podcast grow,
tell a friend or two about the show.
Leave a nice review on iTunes. Thumbs up on
Stitcher and listening time on there really
helps go a long way as well. Really, really
appreciate it. Before we close up shop tonight,
we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you. Your final thought.
Exclamation point. Loki, your final
thought tonight. Final thought is
I have a lot of
money to spend on Amazon soon
and I don't know what to get.
My final thought is I should have
made you buy me that IK that I spent $40
on this weekend. Fuck that, it's an IK.
Speaking of what IK, what they should do
is actually come out with some sort of pinball
version of it, you know, with Jesus Christ pinball
and have the flippers and stuff and have
a pinball game that supports it. Now you're talking
my language, yes sir. Love it.
I bet there's a pinball game that
supports IK though.
I would just go with PinMame and leave it at that, but
Why not? I'm surprised they don't have like
PinMame on the iPad somehow
even though, you know, the Apple
Gustavo locks everything down.
There is the whole
what is it just called pinball arcade?
I don't know, I've got it on here.
Yeah, pinball arcade, which is pretty good.
If it had IK'd support it would be awesome.
Be nice. Alright.
Well that's it guys.
We're done.
That's another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thanks you guys. We'll be back to do it again
next week. Episode 504.
I'm hoping we'll have an interview next week so stay
tuned to Twitter. I'll tell you more about that as soon
as I have that confirmed for this week.
In the meantime, have fun gaming.
Thursday night, Forza Horizon, right?
Forza Horizon at 8 PM Pacific Standard Time.
And Mass Effect 3 at 5?
30? Thursday?
All three of us broadcasting
throughout the week, so
tune into our channels and
check that out. Have a great week
everybody. We'll see you next time with
more of Orange Launch Radio. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange
Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live
show, tune into
VoGnetwork.com, Sunday nights
at 6 PM Pacific,
9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or
VoGnetwork, but you know
they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
