Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, April 21st, 2013, Nintendo announces a sequel to one of their classics. Could a cancelled TV show be brought back for the new Xbox? And an old, unreleased Sega console is unearthed.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 501 for this, April the 21st of 2013.
It's our Blue Jeans episode, I guess you could say, coming off a high from last week in our 500th episode.
That's so 80s, they don't really use that marketing anymore, do they?
Well, hi there, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. I don't know if they use that marketing anymore. I don't know if that's a thing.
I remember those commercials where they would sing the blues, but then it was the 501 blues.
I just remember the Saturday Night Live commercials that were bad idea jeans. That was...
Yeah.
Do they have those classic clips on YouTube, or did NBC pull them all? Because if they have it on YouTube, look it up.
I have no idea. Well, they had a bunch of them on Hulu, like you could watch a lot of the goth talks and...
Oh, okay.
...cluffy talk.
The funny people were on Saturday Night Live, like Chris Farley.
The funny people were on Saturday Night Live my senior year of high school.
Or, I mean, to be fair, before somebody snaps at us, if you're not talking about the originals from 75...
The, what, not ready for primetime players?
Yeah, nodding my head at that, because clearly they...
Because, hello Belushi.
But I wasn't born yet, so...
But I have come to appreciate, after all this time, Gilda Radner, comic genius. Love that woman.
Ah, yeah.
And they were all great, really.
But, 1994. Best year of SNL.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Without a doubt.
Good stuff. Good stuff.
I'll say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Did you ever watch Saturday Night Live back in the day?
Uh...
I've watched it off and on.
There was, you know, a time where there was a lot of people in there that, you know, I thought were funny,
and then I stopped watching them after a while, because I'm like, ah, they're not funny anymore,
and then I came back, and they're like, oh, okay, you're funny again.
Now we're kind of at that, oh, they're not funny anymore.
Well, I don't really watch it anymore. Like, if really funny things happen, the internet blows up about it,
and there's clips on Hulu, but I remember back in the day, like when I was in junior high school,
that was the thing, was staying up late on Saturday night to watch Saturday Night Live,
and like, could you get all the way, could you stay up late enough to make it to the end of the show,
or do you fall asleep after Weekend Update?
Really? You had that much problem?
Yeah.
For me, my Friday night, going into Saturday morning, was, um...
In junior high, yes, I had that problem.
Oh, well, this was high school, okay.
Okay.
It was a pot of coffee, probably two, and it was Saturday Night Live, followed by Headbangers Ball,
followed by 120 Minutes.
So I would, like, listen to, like, Pantera and all that all night, and then go into The Cure.
Ah.
And I love my prog rock.
Nice.
Oh, we're going to have a Kate Bush revival tonight.
Good times.
Yes, welcome to my senior year.
I remember there were some video games based off Saturday Night Live.
It was the Wayne's World game, which was awful.
Oh, the Wayne's World game was awful.
It was awful.
Bringing it back to video games, which the show is about,
with you guys live in our chat room, the always present fourth guest on our show,
live.vognetwork.com in our chat room, if you want to join us here,
as we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com,
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackall show.
So tying it back to games, Saturday Night Live games,
there was a Blues Brothers game, I'm pretty sure, too.
Yes.
When they had that movie, when they had the Blues Brothers 2000 or whatever,
there was that.
Were there other Saturday Night Live movies?
Now I'm just imagining what if there was an It's Pat game.
Did you ever see the movie, though?
It was weird.
I watched part of it, and I was like, the hell is this crap?
You know, the Wayne's World movies were great, but not a good game.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, Fifth Dream,
in our chat, says, Keir Cross Pokemon.
Oh, lord.
Padov's Song, Why Can't I Be Mew?
The Love Me Offs.
Mr. Mime Eyes.
Amakism.
Where the hell did you get this from?
Only the, was that on Tumblr or some shit?
You need to post that somewhere where I can find it on Tumblr
and repost that, because...
That sounds like the type of thing that came off Tumblr.
I'm sorry, but...
Fifth Dream said it best, though, later on.
I want a John Belushi Samurai game.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The Samurai Tailor.
That was it, right?
Well, there was also the Samurai Butcher.
Oh, that's right.
The Deli.
It was a thing.
It was always him in different things, yeah.
Yeah, but I also liked the one of Dana Carvey as...
God, no, who was it?
He was being...
Brian Adams, was it?
The Church Lady?
No, no, no.
Was it?
Satan?
Well, isn't that special?
No, no, no, no, no.
Listen, it was Dana Carvey.
I think it was being Brian Adams or somebody singing the broccoli song.
Chopping broccoli.
Whatever happened to Dana Carvey?
I don't know.
Like, I see him on billboards.
He performs in, like, Tahoe now, and I'm like, oh, it's so unfortunate.
I don't know.
Poor guy.
All right, anyhow.
From old school SNL people to video games.
Real quick before we get into our gaming week, so I'll make this quick.
We had a big show last week, so this week might be a little easier.
Taking it easy.
They had an Austin Powers game.
That's sort of...
Oh, they did.
That's sort of Saturday Night Live.
Sort of.
Sort of.
Thank you for looking that up.
I wanted to throw this out there real quick.
Technically, this was the other show that I do under the OLR Studios banner, which is
Horde House, but I just want to give this a shout out because I thought this was great.
This morning was that multiple sclerosis walk, and I've talked about it on this show a couple
of times.
That finally happened this morning, and a great turnout and great participation from
some folks here locally and the internet and the WoW community and the gaming community
in general raised over $1600, if you can believe it, for multiple sclerosis research.
That is great.
It's awesome.
It is awesome.
So now the goal next year is to outdo that.
We're going to push 2K next year, so watch yourselves.
I'll do it next year.
But now I'm thinking, you know, I had so much fun doing that, that we need to think of something
OLR charity related, like six months from now.
So it's like, you know, Horde House, OLR, Horde House.
But we're going to have to think of something to get involved with.
I want to do one of the autism charities that is not autism speaks because they're assholes.
Controversy!
But whatever, whatever, we'll find a charity that's near and dear to our causes here.
We need to have a car wash.
You want to have a car wash?
The OLR car wash.
We need something the whole internet can get involved with, though.
We'll put it on live cam.
Alright, whatever.
What else is I going to say about all that?
Oh, I want to give a shout out to one of our listeners, Evan, who I met today who drove
up from Bakersfield to come walk with us and was a huge donor and a huge part of that effort.
So I know he participates more with Horde House.
I don't see him in his OLR chat as much, but I want to say give a shout out to Evan.
It was great to meet you today.
I like meeting OLR fans and sometimes I meet them in very random places.
Is that the Evan that just friended me on Facebook yesterday?
Probably.
Did he have a Liara pic?
Oh, no, he has a MS pic now.
Yeah, he had a Liara pic and now it's a...
I don't know, but whoever that is, you're nice.
Yeah, he's nice.
I met him.
You should have come out today.
You could have met him.
Now he's going to have to come back.
I was busy sleeping.
Honestly, my goal was to get up this morning, but I think I still have like how much booze
did I drink on my birthday?
A lot.
All of it.
Most of it.
So thank you for the beer, by the way.
It was delicious.
You're welcome.
How was your birthday?
Happy late birthday to Dark Soccer, by the way.
Thank you.
My birthday was gamey, as in you did not sing any Alanis at my party, Rob.
I know.
We only made a cameo and I didn't get around to singing Alanis.
I'm sorry.
But Becky sang alone for me and I ended up singing in the background, I think, because
I was drunk.
I played keyboards for that.
You played keyboards.
It was good.
I downloaded the song just so that Becky would sing it, our resident, very good soprano.
I think I sang Band on the Run once.
OK, this was the funniest part.
This happened after you left.
Julian, Becky's son, who is going to be six in like a week or so, he wanted me to sing.
Cute kid.
Him and the other, is that Dan's little cousin?
Cousin's daughter.
That was Hannah's daughter, Sophia.
They were cute, being cute kids.
They were adorable.
But Julian was like, sing the pink robot song, which is Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.
So about a third through the song, Julian has the chorus memorized.
So he's singing along to the song with me.
And it's like my second favorite song ever in the universe.
And we're sitting here swaying back and forth.
I've got a good three beers and a shot of vodka in me.
So we won't be able to get an encore now?
No.
And Julian is singing along with me.
And it is seriously the cutest thing that has ever happened in my entire life.
And then Midna decided to come out and be Little Miss Social, which I thought she was
going to go hide in the back room.
But no, she's like, oh, my God, people pet me.
She hates Gary.
Just saying.
She loves everybody else hated Gary, but he was being addicted.
Gary smell like dog.
Gary was like hissing at her.
Oh, that's not nice.
I was like, you be nice to my cat.
She's a good girl.
He's calling her demon.
I'm like, don't you dare call her that in front of me.
I will slap a bitch.
So, yeah, there's a lot of alcohol, a lot of alcohol because.
Oh, my God, Amanda, I love you forever.
She brought mocha vodka, like the good, expensive mocha vodka.
Wasn't she supposed to be here tonight?
Amanda?
No, she said she couldn't do it this night.
She had to do it later night because she has something Depeche Mode going on.
You know, she does a lot of blogging for Depeche Mode.
That's awesome.
And she's going to like seven of their shows.
Wow.
OK, well, she wants like like a series of twelve shows in Germany last year.
I wish I could do that.
Get your fangirl on.
Well, she saved up forever for it.
But anyway, so she brought this mocha and I had like four double shots.
And then I had two shots of this amazing, super expensive, like we're talking $100 plus bottle of tequila.
What?
That purple bottle that George had.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
It's tequila that I don't hate.
It still kicked my ass.
I almost got you, Patron.
You know what?
You know what, Rob?
I will tell I'm going to tell you this for future reference.
No tequila.
But I thought you liked Patron.
I like Patron OK.
But do you know how long it took me to drink the last bottle you got me?
That's true.
That's true.
I finished it for my birthday last year and you got it for me when I turned 30.
Well, then I must have had a psychic moment because I was going to get it.
And then I was like, you know what, maybe I should just bring beer.
Rob brought me Guinness and Guinness is the best gift ever.
And I'm going to cook steak with it.
There you go.
So.
So, yeah, apparently the theme of my birthday was booze, which is pretty much the theme of every birthday every year.
If I'm not at Disneyland.
And they busted out.
George brought his Wii U and that Injustice game, whatever that DC game is.
You know how I feel about DC.
But it was actually kind of neat, except I thought that the character models were supremely bizarre.
I've heard a lot of good things about Injustice, but not on the Wii U.
It's interesting to me that that was the platform you got exposed to it on because I've heard the Wii U one is a little weak compared to the others.
Well, I had no basis of comparison and I'm sitting here like.
And I'm I'm just I'm just copy pasting Internet hearsay.
So I'm catching the end of the game when like three of my friends are passed out from booze and I'm sitting there sobering because you know how quickly that happens for me.
So I'm like watching this game and going, what the hell is up with Wonder Woman's hair?
That's the only thing I could focus on was Wonder Woman's hair.
And that there were two Batmans.
When I was playing Mortal Kombat versus DC Universe, I was a little fixated on how weird Wonder Woman was, too.
And then like Joker looked bizarre, but it was the right Batman. It was Kevin Conroy.
Oh, nice.
So it was the right Batman. So. So, yeah.
And then let me go to some quick comments from our chat room here.
Actdeft in chat says Midna technically is a demon, though. I mean, she's the Twilight Princess.
No, she's an imp.
She's my baby.
Other comments in our chat room at Live.VogueNetwork.com.
Fifth Dream says The Cure and Depeche Mode in one podcast. It's like Goth Lounge radio.
No way. We're progressive. We're progressive.
I'm going to attack the darkness.
Let's see. Tiger Claw in our chat saying Injustice is pretty awesome. I beat the story mode.
Well, you see, it was Gary was playing it, but I didn't care because I was watching it.
And so. The big thing I remember is Amanda waking up in time to go,
that's where Depeche Mode is in this game and going to sleep.
So now I remember that the end song was done by Depeche Mode and it was actually a really neat song.
So. So, yeah, I mean, it was mostly, you know, a lot of us hanging out in the in the kitchen,
in the dining room, staring at the evil bell pepper pizza.
Oh, my God, it was so good. So gross. I had to pick all the peppers off because I'm allergic.
And then just drinking and then children running all over the place.
But cute children who don't piss me off. So it was good.
So that was my birthday. Well, I was going to ask about your gaming week, but I did a lot of it.
All right. Well, then why not? We'll just do our gaming weeks.
Well, Catastrophic Moggy gave me that Sam and Max game on steam and resonance.
And one other game I downloaded everything.
And I played some of the game. I'm not supposed to talk about trademark.
Oh, my God, I'm in love. I'm quitting. Well, so I.
Well, I play. Oh, yeah, I live streamed Mass Effect two.
And so what I'm going to do, since we don't have anybody on Thursday, we don't have any shows on Thursday,
is that I'm just going to play through Mass Effect two on the stream so that people can hear me talk shit about the characters,
which is basically all shame was there for that. And basically is all I do now when I play.
When I play any of the Mass Effect games is that I talk back to the characters and I'm pretty rude to most of them.
It's sort of like, what is my shepherd's inner monologue?
So if people want to see a play through where they're not talking back, don't look at your channel because you're a talker.
Well, no, it's like I'll play it mostly quiet, but sometimes somebody will say something.
And it's like because you know how I feel about a good portion of the writing and I will just go what or good.
No one cares what you have to say, Jacob. You know, move on. And it's that type of commentary.
OK, I'm sort of MST three king it as I play. Fair enough. Yeah, I'm done.
It's the dark soccer experience. I've had pinkberry and coffee and I'm very hyper.
Excuse me. Couldn't tell. All right. Say hello as well to Loki.
And how was your gaming week? Let's see my game week. I played Defiance.
I played lots of Defiance, actually. And I'm up to three hundred and forty now.
They don't really have like levels. It's just like size level. I should maybe get this game.
It's pretty fun. Yeah. Yeah. They don't have, like I said, levels.
It's just like your power level, I guess. Dragon Ball Z ish. But because you can do stuff.
I mean, you do level up and your power goes up by so much.
But you can do other things that level or raise your power level as well.
Like they have side stuff like very much like borderlands.
I mean, the whole game is very similar to the borderlands as far as the whole style of the game.
And so you can do like these time challenge, you know.
OK, this is a rampage and you have to kill this many people in this amount of time.
And it's kind of its own instance thing. And then there's also like races and stuff, which sucks because
when I first attempted some of these races, I was actually doing pretty well on them.
But there was like some sort of lag in it, like I'd finished the race in the correct amount of time.
But it would add two seconds to the clock every time. It wasn't like I was missing a pylon or something like that.
It would just lag out, I guess. I don't know. It was weird.
Thankfully, I did manage to hit silver on this, which is what you have to do to get your extra experience and levels and stuff.
But it's pretty fun.
The only thing I don't really like about it because I have some guns that I find that are really fun to use and stuff.
But once you've maxed up the level on those guns, you stop gaining experience on that weapon class.
So I have to switch to a different saw now or a different light machine gun, I guess, to keep leveling that skill up.
But it's fun. Last night I stayed up until midnight playing, basically going from one arc fall to the next.
It's okay. They're kind of getting a little boring because it's the same boss enemy that you're fighting each time.
Although I did find one that was a different boss bug thing that you fought. Actually, it was three of them. Three different types now.
But they're always this boss bug thing that you have to fight.
It's alright, but I wish they had a little bit more variety to it. Maybe that will come out later on.
I did notice though, one of the things that they are doing is they have specific challenges for the entire season and then specific challenges for each episode.
So as the episodes play on TV, you get different stuff that ties in with the episodes on TV.
They have certain challenges that you have to do and stuff. So I thought that was kind of cool.
So yeah, I've really been just playing a lot of that.
It's kind of fun because it's one of those games where you may not necessarily want to play with anybody and you can do that.
I'm pretty much soloing the whole game myself, but it's just the way they have the partying. It's not even really partying.
It's just you kind of go to the same area as other people and you just kind of help out and you get experience for it.
And you get your own loot and you don't have to fight over it because everybody gets loot that drops exclusively for them.
And that's it. Whatever you see on the ground is yours.
That's kind of like Diablo. I'm starting to see that in other MMOs. I want to say Guild Wars did that too. I can't remember.
Or Guild Wars 2, excuse me.
It's kind of fun. So I have gotten some clan invites and stuff, but I just don't feel like joining the clan or something.
You're a loner.
Well, it's not that. I would be fine joining clans and talking with them and stuff.
But my wife reads or plays on the computer and she hates it when I talk over the headset while I'm playing games.
Because I have my noise canceling headphones on and so I tend to be loud because I think I'm talking on normal volume.
But I can't hear myself because I have a headset on or headphones on.
So yeah, it's been pretty fun. So I've been playing that.
I played a little bit of more Modern Warfare 3 just because I've been having trouble fighting.
Well, I want to play Defiance during work, like on lunch.
But our internet sucks where we're located right now.
One of the wireless hubs is over there that is not working so I can't get internet on my Xbox 360 over there.
So I've been doing kind of like the survival modes in Modern Warfare 3 and that's been kind of fun.
And multiplayer deathmatch when we can't get enough people over there.
And really, I think that was it this week. It's been pretty much just Defiance, just playing that.
Alright, well, those MMO type of games will take up a bit of time.
Yeah, I'm having fun even though it is very bland looking and it's not a whole lot of variety to it,
but it's entertaining enough to keep me interested in it.
Well, my gaming week, not a whole lot of new stuff. I revisited a few old things.
I played World of Warcraft, of course, because I do that a lot. Still doing PvP and having fun with it.
I did cancel Final Fantasy XI, which I talked a little more about on Hoard House, but Shane was very upset.
But he's coping and I'm waiting for Civ 5 to go on sale so he can do his half of the bargain. That'll be fun.
Other old games I revisited, I random, super random started playing Dota 2 because I hadn't really ever played it.
Like I've had the game viewer for a while, but hadn't played it myself.
And the nice thing is in Dota 2, you can set up a bot game because I'm like too afraid to play with real people
because I have no idea what I'm doing and playing with the bots just reinforce that.
But I was telling another friend of mine about this today and he's like, why are you playing Dota 2?
You need to play League of Legends with me. I will teach you how to play League of Legends.
So Rob will be testing the waters of a few different MOBAs over the next couple weeks and I'll let you know which one I settle on.
But I'm kind of curious what you guys out there in the O.L. Army, if you guys are League of Legends, are you Dota 2?
There's a couple others, right? I'm not thinking of off the top of my head. I know there's the Blizzard All-Stars. That's not out yet.
There's a couple other MOBAs.
There's one that's not very good. It's the Guardians of Middle Earth.
That's not very good, but it's not really a genre I play.
Otherwise, I played some more Harmonite this week.
There is another new game I played this week, but you'll have to wait for my review at vognetwork.com on Tuesday.
So look for that on the site on Tuesday.
And I think that's really about it.
Since there's the Tuesday game and then, wow, it took up most of my time, honestly.
I was busy with out-of-town guests and so forth.
Are you at all interested in the Star Trek game coming out next week?
Yes, I would like to actually check that out.
Star Trek game?
Yeah, it's based in the movie universe. It kind of bridges the first two games together.
Yeah, I've read some stuff about it. I'm interested in it.
Some of the Star Trek games for home have been pretty bad, though.
They were supposed to have been in development for at least three years.
Well, it was supposed to come out with the first movie, and it didn't.
So they held it back to make it better or whatever, so let's hope it worked.
Some of the Star Trek games have been real stinkers, but I remember the Next Generation game on Super Nintendo was awesome.
I actually did Star Trek Online until they went free-to-play and ruined the skill system.
I'd like to see a game that plays like that, but on the single player.
I'm looking at our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
I can never say that name. I'm so sorry, guy.
Syle says, I can't MOBA to save my ass.
Let's see. Queen Cymia says, now, I don't really get Dota 2. How did they work that out legally?
How did they work that out legally?
The creators of the Warcraft 3 mod, Valve did their Valve thing and saw this innovation in the modding community, so they hired them.
That's where Portal came from, right? Valve does this.
That's where Team Fortress came from. Team Fortress was a Quake mod, right?
So they do this.
So they hired them to make Dota 2.
Obviously, Blizzard was not a fan of that, but they settled, as these legal things usually go.
Blizzard is going to call their game Blizzard All-Stars now, is their MOBA game.
And League of Legends was never called anything in the same category,
but I believe someone else involved with the original Dota mod is with the League of Legends team and Riot Games.
I mean, Riot Games is doing very well with League of Legends, so, you know.
There's plenty of room at the table for all of them, apparently.
Prince Brightstar in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
If you want a free-to-play that isn't pay-to-win, PSO2 is a great game.
I'm dying to play PSO2, but you must be playing the Japanese version, right?
Because it's not out here yet, right?
No, I don't think they're remotely doing betas yet.
I signed up for the beta ages ago, but I don't think that we're even close to US beta.
Yeah, I am thinking that's an E3 thing. I'm thinking Sega's sitting on it till E3.
They have nothing. There's literally nothing on the table for them coming out.
Well, I tell you what, there's nothing on the table for them coming out right now except for a couple PC titles.
But there's nothing. They have no announcements so far. There's nothing pending.
Speaking of Sega, I did overlook an iOS game I played a little bit this week, Sonic Dash.
It's free on iOS. It is Temple Run Sonic. That is all it is.
If you want your Temple Run with Sonic rings, there you go.
I actually find it to be, I mean, the pros of Sonic Dash is that, oh, Sonic, pretty, bright, vibrant compared to Temple Run, which is a little bit drab.
I mean, I love Temple Run and Temple Run 2, but it's kind of a drab palette in those games.
Sonic is very bright, vibrant. Characters you know. The ring sound is always refreshing to use that.
But then I do find it as a game and so forth to be under polished compared to Temple Run, which isn't.
Because, like, Pitfall was really well done for a Temple Run ripoff.
It's very interesting to see all these, like, established franchises kind of ripping on what's going on now that's popular.
It's really fascinating to me how that kind of comes full circle.
You actually indirectly reminded me of another game that I started.
Final Fantasy Dimensions for iOS.
Oh, that's a good one.
I only just started it, but it's cute. It's very old school.
The control's interesting.
The good news about that one is that it's free.
But if you like that one, that's very similar to what Final Fantasy.
I'll get five.
Yeah, what five looks like.
Yeah. But I don't want to pay seventeen bucks for it yet.
I didn't mention it in my week because I haven't gotten it yet, but my Ouya has shipped, apparently, via DHL.
So there is a chance that I may get it.
So you'll get it next year.
You'll get it eventually. Maybe in time for Christmas.
Anyhow, that's it for my gaming week. I've said enough.
So just quick housekeeping. Not a lot. We don't have any off shows coming up soon.
Maybe gone Memorial Day weekend, though. I might be out of town.
But that's not until the end of May, so we'll keep you posted.
Well, if you go to Disneyland, take me.
No, I'm not going to. I don't have a pass anymore.
So?
If I go to Disneyland, the next time I will probably go is in E3.
I still have to figure all that out, which, you know, I've been a bad boy.
We should do DisCon.
There's two parts to registration. I've done the first part, but not the second part because I need to get off my ass and do it.
But I keep getting distracted with all this other stuff.
But regardless of whether I go to E3 or not, Bobby's going to represent VOG.
And there's a very good chance I'll go down there and go to Disneyland with him like we did last year, right?
We went to Tronica and all that.
Yeah. I'm actually kind of sort of interested in the Mad Tea Party now.
Just because I've seen... I have friends that ship the Mad Tea Party.
Yeah. No. Sorry, guys. No. Mad Flop Party. Always and forever.
Electronica for life. All right.
Okay. So Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
Twitter. Twitter.com slash OLR.
Please follow us in our fan communities.
And next week on the show, if all goes according to plan, which I don't see why it won't,
two longtime friends of mine who I've been trying to get on the show for years are finally going to be here next week.
Yay!
And I'm really excited about it.
One of them hosts another podcast that you all ought to be listening to.
And I'll tell you more about that next week.
Tease, tease.
We should all do lunch.
We will try to work it out.
Twerk it.
All right.
Let us get into the gaming news this week.
There was a lot of news out of Nintendo this week, right, Logie?
Yes. A lot of stuff.
They have their special Nintendo Direct thing that was all 3DS.
Mostly 3DS, I suppose.
3DS-centric, I guess.
And one of the big announcements there is, hey, we're doing a new 3DS game for the Legend of Zelda series on the 3DS.
And guess what?
It's a sequel to Link of the Past.
Yeah, we just took the best game we made, and we made a sequel.
I was very, very happy.
And I'm most happy it's not another frickin' remake, that they're doing something different with it.
And I really would urge you guys, if you are a 3DS owner, check out the trailer.
YouTube doesn't do it justice.
Like, seeing it on 3DS is pretty rad.
Even better than the trailer, they actually have some leaked gameplay of it.
And check that out.
There's, I think, at least five minutes of gameplay, and it looks pretty awesome.
But it takes place in the same world as Link of the Past.
In fact, actually, there were some people on NeoGaf, I think, that actually took some of the screenshots from the video
and lined it up with some of the stuff that's in-game.
And yes, there are a few minor changes, but yes, the map is pretty much the same.
Or at least it appears that's going to be what happened.
So that's pretty awesome.
And then a whole lot of other stuff.
So first off, you've got Pikmin 3.
We were wondering when the hell this was supposed to come out.
It was supposed to be a near-launch launch window title for the Wii U.
I'm still not sure if it's launch window, because it is now August 4th.
Game and Wario now coming out June 23rd.
There's going to be a brand new system update for the Wii U, I guess, pretty soon this coming week.
And it's supposed to add some stuff that they were teasing about before on some of the other Nintendo Directs.
One of those being the ability to install updates while playing other games.
So you're going to be able to install software and updates and that kind of stuff.
And also improve load times from starting new apps up to switching between stuff and returning back to the Wii U menu.
Also, if you hold the B button, when you start the system up, it will go into Wii mode.
In case you want to play a Wii game, you don't have to take all those extra steps, I guess.
So you can play with your Wii easier?
Yes. And you'll be able to transfer data between USB drives and some other stuff.
So that's kind of neat.
Let's see...
Also, to kind of coincide with the whole Legend of Zelda announcement,
they're going to be putting up Legend of Zelda Oracle of Ages and Oracle of Seasons on the 3DS eShop.
That's May 30th.
Wii U virtual consoles coming out next week as well.
They're going to be...
Which game are they launching with here?
Doesn't say what the brand new game is, but basically the launch line up.
Excitebike, Super Mario World, Mario Brothers, Punch-Out!, Super Metroid, Balloon Fight, F-Zero, and GBA games and Nintendo 64 games planned later on.
New Yoshi Island game coming to the 3DS.
I'm not sure if that's going to tie in with that new Yoshi yarn type game that they have coming out later on.
But they showed a little bit of footage of it and it looks just like Yoshi Island.
Mario and Donkey Kong minis on the move coming to the eShop on May 9th.
New Super Luigi U DLC coming to New Super Mario Brothers U later in the summer.
New Mario Party is supposed to be coming out this fall.
Mario and Luigi Dream Team coming out in Europe July 12th in North America August 11th.
I think Jamie and I want to piggyback on this with a few other announcements and then we'll kind of break this down a little bit because it was a very busy conference.
But one of the other things announced here is that the Wii U is going to get the spring system update next week is happening.
So that's nice. That's happening very soon.
This is going to be the one that helps improve the loading times dramatically apparently.
Changing between the different software is supposed to get better.
Yeah because it's super slow right now.
Yeah it's not that great right now.
Some other little features you might not have known about.
I mean that's the one everybody's waiting for but also you're going to be able to transfer data between the USB drives.
And you can install background downloaded software while playing other games.
I didn't realize you couldn't do that now.
I thought you could do like remember because remember the system updates you can kind of install those while you're playing.
Well regardless that whole thing is going to get better so that's good.
And the Wii U will continue to download and install software while the system is powered down.
Which you don't have to go set yourself on that screen and wait for it to do it.
I mean these are all things that seem very logical in this day and age so thankfully they're catching up there.
You can also, this is pretty cool, hold the B button at the start up to go right into the Wii mode.
So like if you just got Pandora's Tower or something and you're playing it on your Wii U.
It's a great way for you to just bypass all the crap and go right into the Wii if you want.
It's stupid that you can't just, can you just put in like a Wii game into your system and have it just boot up?
No it has to go into the Wii shell because I think the way the console-
That's so dumb.
No I think the way the console's built is that they have the, I think you have a Wii in there to do all that.
But that's still really dumb.
It's weird but I mean if they're using different graphics processors and all that then I get it.
I mean it's weird but it might just not be technically possible.
I think Loki touched on this a little bit talking about some of those Virtual Console releases.
But just to confirm, Virtual Console happens on Wii U next week.
Launch Lineup, Excitebike, Mario World, Mario Brothers, Punch Out, Super Metroid, Balloon Fight and F-Zero.
Some of those games have already come out through the 30 Cent program.
Like I know F-Zero is one of those, Balloon Fight, Punch Out.
Some of these haven't happened yet though. Super Mario World isn't one of them and I don't think it's in the lineup.
No.
I think, is the next game Super Metroid? No the next game's like a Yoshi game I think.
I was gonna say Super Mario World, that's like 30 cents, hell yeah.
But GBA Games, a part of this, which is cool because that wasn't on Wii.
You didn't have GBA Games on Wii, you had them on DS, 3DS, but not Wii.
And I think you only got Advance games through the Ambassador program.
Have they done Advance games? I don't even know. I don't think they have.
So this could be interesting, what'll happen there. Don't know why they wouldn't.
Yeah, Nintendo 64 games coming out in the future as well.
Which were on the Wii, so you know, for most people it'll be an upgrade I suppose.
And then Dark Soccer, I think you have a Whopper bit of news for us too right?
Yes I do, if Bobby will stop spoiling.
Seriously, stop telling about the future. You know what happens, you watch Doctor Who don't you?
Anyway, Earthbound is going to be coming out in North America and Europe as in Mother 2, as it was in Japan.
It will be on the Wii U Virtual Console towards the end of the year.
And there's not a, I don't see that there is an actual release date on it yet.
But I'm expecting them to have a date out before E3.
I mean, unless they're saving that date for E3 or whatever the hell they're doing.
That'd be a pretty good bullet point in E3 Ants about it.
Well that could be one of those things where it's like, oh yeah remember how we said Earthbound was coming out?
Go get it, it's up now, right now.
No, why don't we get Mother 3?
Well you know the fan translators offered to give it to Nintendo for free, but legally I don't think that can happen.
Why if they agree to it? I don't see what...
I think it's just weird territory.
Because they had to do things that Nintendo doesn't endorse per the terms of license in order to mod the game.
Like dumping a cartridge to your computer is not something you're supposed to do to begin with.
It's not in your user agreement that is that fine print in the manual.
So I think if Nintendo were to legally acknowledge that, it puts them in a really weird place.
Yeah but people do a lot of stuff they're not supposed to do all the time.
I know right.
I think that they would find a way around it if they wanted to find a way around it.
It's their property, they can give the permission. But, leaving it there.
But I'm excited even though I already have it.
Yeah I'm excited about Earthbound 2 just because it's a much...
For those of us that don't have a cartridge lying around, which I don't anymore.
Now I'm kicking myself for selling this shit years ago.
But it's a nice way to pick it up again.
And the Wii U Virtual Console is pretty good.
They pulled it off very well, the sound sounds great out of the four speakers between your TV and the gamepad.
Well I need to come over and actually just sit and play the Wii U for a while.
But we're probably holding out for the PS4 ourselves.
We're pretty... So far that's where we're landing at home.
Okay.
Alright well, so we're curious. There was a lot of Nintendo news.
I'm curious in here in the room, what were you guys most jazzed about from the Nintendo...
Well first off, I should take a big step back.
Because Loki, you're the biggest critic of Nintendo on this show.
Were you moved at all by this Nintendo Direct? Or were you like, meh?
I'm the biggest critic of everybody.
Okay fair enough.
None of the news... I mean once again I'm not gonna go buy a system.
I'm not gonna go get a 3DS again just for Legend of Zelda.
I think it's cool that they're doing that game.
A lot of the other announcements I couldn't really care about.
I mean like Yoshi's Island. Eh, whatever. It was cool.
You know, do a sequel I guess.
I'm just... I mean at the same time I like that they're doing sequels to their old titles.
But I kinda wish there was something new.
Like, just something new from Nintendo.
Because a lot of it seems to be going back to rehashes of old things.
And I know everybody loves nostalgia, but I just want something new.
Like a brand new property from Nintendo that doesn't resemble Wii Sports.
That doesn't resemble Nintendo Land.
It's not a 2D Mario remake or something like that.
I want something... like Mario Galaxy was a good example of something.
It's sort of like Mario 64, but...
Yeah, but it was so different.
Exactly.
Yeah, I mean it's Mario, but it's really not. You know?
Yeah, I want something like that.
You know? That would be...
Even if they put Mario or Link's face on it, you're okay. You just want some new ideas.
Yes, I just want something new.
I mean, because a lot of... and...
Don't get me wrong. I think that the whole, you know, new Zelda game is pretty awesome, but...
I mean, I guess it is a little bit different.
It's a different approach to it in the same world and stuff.
It's all 3D now, but...
I don't know. I just kinda want something new from them.
I guess. Something innovative.
Ross Steele, UT, in our chatroom says,
I wasn't really jazzed about anything. The 3DS is doing fine.
We need Wii U news and not fucking Earthbound.
I think there's a reason this is happening now and not at E3.
Because a lot of people are saying, like, shouldn't they have announced the Link to the Past sequel at E3?
That seems very weird that they would just on a random day of the week for no reason announce a Zelda sequel.
You know, it's a pretty big deal.
I'm hoping that means they are clearing space for...
Well, that's what they did last summer. They have three Nintendo Directs and their stupid press conference.
Yeah. Well, also, keep in mind, Nintendo can only really speak to a lot of Nintendo stuff.
They don't always get into third-party stuff.
They do, obviously. They do sometimes.
But, you know, sometimes a lot more third-party information comes out at E3.
Which, considering the Wii U could really use a boost from third parties, that would be a great thing.
Do you think maybe Bayonetta 2, this E3, do you think they've been able to push it out this fast or maybe not?
No.
It needs to be on stuff other than the Wii U.
It won't. It won't.
I know, but it needs to be.
It won't.
Never say never.
Yeah, never say never.
Never say never. And here's why. Here's why.
Because...
Don't stop believing.
Tecmakoe developed Ninja Gaiden 3 Razor's Edge for the Wii U.
It was published by Nintendo.
Came out in other systems later on. Published by Tecmakoe.
They could easily, if it flops, and I'm sure...
I'd hope that they have something in there that says, okay, this game flops, so we can put it out on other systems.
I think it'll come out later on. I think it's gonna be like a time delay.
Like, they're gonna have a window or something and then it'll come out later on.
All five of you who bought a Wii U here a month later. Here, everybody else.
I kinda think they're gonna price drop at E3.
I think that's just what the inevitable thing is gonna happen.
I think they might sneak out the Wii backwards compatibility.
I don't think a price drop's gonna help.
I mean, it'll help, but it's not gonna be enough.
Because the excuse is, right now, I think there's nothing I can play on it.
All they have to do is exactly what they did with the 3DS.
If they do exactly what they did with the 3DS at this E3.
If Reggie comes out on stage and says, you want some fucking games? Here's some fucking games.
And then bam, bam, bam. It's gonna fix everything.
It's easy to sit here now and say no.
But when he comes out on stage, if he goes F-Zero is fucking happening on the Wii U.
Like, done. Nintendo is saved. Hurry up.
I don't think they're gonna have time because, okay.
But they pulled Mario Kart 7 out of thin air. They pulled the, what was the other game that came out?
Well, let's just say it was being worked on behind the scenes.
Exactly. They could still be working on stuff that we don't know about.
There's such things as NDAs and people who don't break them.
I just think though that, but right now we know that there's no EA.
For example, there's no EA Sports titles for the Wii U at all. Nothing.
No Madden. No FIFA. That's it.
And so far, no NBA 2K either.
So, I mean, I understand if you're thinking about purchasing a new system.
And let's say a lot of mainstream people that buy games do play Madden or do play a sports title.
You know, not everybody. No, I don't.
But a lot of people do. And that's kind of disappointing.
That not, you know, it kind of makes you think, hmm, do I really want to get, you know, a Wii U?
Or do I want to pick up another system that's gonna actually have the games I want on it?
And it's also a photo of lack of confidence from these publishers.
And EA being a big publisher, you know, I don't know.
Activision supporting them with garbage right now.
But they're supporting the Wii U.
They have the, you know, their Walking Dead game, which is absolute shit.
And then followed by the Fast and the Furious showdown, which I'm sure is gonna be awesome.
And not total shit.
Call of Duty will be coming out, I'm sure.
Let's see. Some comments in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Strudels89 says, Rob such the optimist.
Well, maybe a little bit. I just don't think they're gonna roll over and let all their critics get the best of them.
They didn't do it with the 3DS. Again, I'm just, you know...
I understand that, but what is...
Let me say this too, because this is important. This is an important follow-up comment.
Flaco Jones says, another third place finish like the GameCube, but they'll be fine.
And I could see that happening, that, you know, maybe the Wii U is not gonna shatter whatever this next Xbox.
Although, if some of these rumors about the next Xbox come to play, I don't know if Nintendo would necessarily be third.
But Sony's looking pretty good right now out of them all.
So, you know, even if they did finish third.
And another comment, WhatUpG says Nintendo will be fine because their handheld is doing well. Correct.
And it does put Nintendo in an interesting position where if they do decide to just, you know...
Okay, Wii U went all Virtual Boy, we're gonna write it off.
They might be in an interesting position where they could do another console after whatever Microsoft and PlayStation does, and Sony does, excuse me.
And it's gonna put them in a very interesting position if they fix their mistakes.
They're not. History has shown they are not gonna fix their mistakes.
I mean, how long has it taken them to understand how to do online?
Something that's been around for a decade now.
I'm not gonna disagree with you there. If they can't get online right, they're doomed.
I'm not gonna disagree with you there.
I still think that no matter what, Nintendo's gonna be fine.
They're gonna, they're making plenty of money with their handhelds.
I mean, basically, they could just put out a console for shits.
And say, Hey, look, we have a console. It's called the Lol U.
Lol at U for buying it. I know, right?
But either way, I mean, it's, and I've seen people draw comparisons between them and Sega with the Dreamcast.
Which I actually think that that's completely not even close to the same part.
Because what Sega was dealing with, they were coming off the fallout of the Saturn and the very, very awful marketing in the US.
They also didn't have oodles of money in the bank like Nintendo does.
Exactly.
Don't forget all that Wii money. They made a lot of money on the Wii.
The Wii turned a nice little profit because it wasn't the most powerful piece of hardware in the world.
That money's in the bank.
Yeah.
I mean, even, I'll admit, I was standing in line for my Wii at Target.
But we also bribed our way into the line with donuts and coffee, me and Kristen.
But at the same time, Nintendo is coming off a series of successes, of near failures that they've turned around.
They don't have that problem with the marketing that Sega came out of.
I don't really see where the comparison really is.
Except that, okay, so yeah, white systems don't really do very well in the US.
But look at the Wii.
I don't know what that was because in Japan it was, the Saturn was a silver box.
Over here it was a black box.
Just marketing is weird stuff.
All right, well, before we move on to our next story, since this Nintendo Direct was one of the biggest news stories in gaming this week,
we do want to take this opportunity to use our new feature on the website and go to a live listener poll.
Let's go to the live listener poll at vognetwork.com.
If you are at live.vognetwork.com right now, you can participate in our live poll.
What are you most excited about from this Nintendo Direct?
Here are the answers.
OMG Earthbound, OMG Zelda Link to the Past sequel, OMG Yoshi's Island, OMG Super Luigi U, or meh, Nintendo.
Vote now, live.vognetwork.com if you want to participate in the poll, live.vognetwork.com.
We'll see it right underneath the chat box.
I agree with Bob Coffee.
Sega, he said Sega was dealing with shit management and no Segata Sanchiro.
We would have been, okay, I don't know if anyone other than like three of us knows about Segata Sanchiro.
Segata Sanchiro was the mascot of the Saturn in Japan.
This guy with floofy hair, wearing a gi, going around punching the hell out of everything.
And they did a commercial for him for the Dreamcast.
And there was even a Segata Sanchiro game that came out on Saturn.
If we had Segata Sanchiro, still the Dreamcast would have lived.
Interesting watching the live results of our poll coming in right now.
Mad Nintendo is winning with half the vote right now.
Interesting, watch this as it develops, live.vognetwork.com.
You do have to be registered at Vognetwork in order to be able to vote in the poll.
Because, you know, there might be some little incentives on the site tied to participating.
So you should check that out.
Okay, meanwhile, why don't we move on with more news besides just what's going on with Nintendo, right, Loki?
Yes, so there was a series that was on TV that I was really hopeful for.
And then the writer strike happened and the writing went downhill.
And that was Heroes.
Well, the rumor is that Microsoft wants to bring back Heroes, reboot the whole series.
Obviously with new people because a lot of the cast has moved on to other things.
But they kind of did this with Heroes on the web.
They had like their webisodes or something like that with some different hero characters that the fans designed which were crap.
And yeah, so I think it would be kind of cool to see a new series kick off.
Hopefully it just didn't fall into what I like to call the matrix problem.
Where you give a character like Neo way too much power too fast.
And you're like, fuck, how do I deal with this next, you know, the next movie or next season?
Crap. Yeah, so you just need to wrap it up slowly.
But apparently they're saying that this is going to be part of the whole TV focus.
And it might be some of the original Xbox programming.
And I can see this happening, especially since, you know, you have series now.
Well, you have Netflix and Amazon doing like reboots and brand new, you know, exclusive series for those content streamers.
So it makes sense that they could do that.
This certainly leads to the other, you know, interesting discussion that goes with this of what other series could be revived.
Because like, you know, I'm sure a lot of us go Firefly. Can we have Firefly? Can we have more Firefly?
You know, that's not going to happen because then Joss is just going to kill everybody else.
Yeah. And Fox would never. So Fox will, Fox will just not let it happen just to spite.
I think I saw that horse twitch. I'm going to kick it in its face again.
But, you know, it's very interesting kind of where and we'll get into this a little more with our Fugu question of the week later on.
But it's very interesting with all these, you know, content delivery services coming up with their own programming.
You see Netflix doing it too with the rest of development. You know, they brought back from the dead.
And we got Whose Line coming back.
Yeah, that's a CW show.
Yeah, but still I'm saying, you know, there are these series of revivals.
Technically Whose Line is a game show.
So it follows, I mean, I know it's kind of not, but it's, I think it actually follows the rules of a game show when it comes to TV.
So it's a weird, you know, game shows come and go all the time.
I am very disappointed that they didn't try to go all meta with, you know, Whose Line and have Bob Barker host it.
That would have been, did she just have him guest host one episode?
You know what though? Ayesha Tyler's a great choice.
And she is. She's a total gamer.
And she's one of us.
She's a total gamer, you know, and she's, she's funny. She's really funny. So I'm looking forward to seeing.
As long as I get my Greg Proops on there from time to time, I'll be happy.
Drew Carey was a great host, but he's got another gig.
So, which is weird because Ayesha Tyler does that talk show, but you know, they, they tape like a whole three months worth of shows in a day.
So, you know, they figured out.
All right. Uh, let me, what else do I want to say with this?
Oh, um, did we talk about what kind of potential extra cost could be if they're going to save a show like Heroes?
That's not going to come for free, right? Would that be Xbox Gold? Would maybe I get that as an Xbox Gold member?
Or maybe this is part of a new Xbox Platinum or something? Or what happens?
I don't think that they should be charged. I don't think they'll charge any, well.
Xbox Platinum was that crappy little card that did nothing.
No, yeah, yeah.
Let's say they ignored it like I did and did it again.
Okay. Well, I don't think, I don't think that they would do that per se.
I think that they could do more advertising, but who's to say that they're not going to be fucking greedy and still want more money on top of it?
Although, it's going to be a hard sell if, like say, the PlayStation 4 still has the same type of scheme where it's, you know, regular PlayStation.
You get online multiplayer and plus you get, you know, extra stuff.
Because I got to be honest, I mean, I do a lot of gaming on the 360, but I am jealous of, you know, the deal that you get with, you know, PlayStation Plus.
I mean, it's pretty nice with that instant game collection stuff.
But I, unfortunately, a lot of my friends are on Xbox Live, so.
Alright. Well, before we get into the next story, I want to go to the results of the live poll that we took earlier.
What are you most excited about from this Nintendo Direct?
I got to say, I'm a little surprised with these answers, but this is why we do this, because then as we learn things, the winner of the poll, meh Nintendo, 50% of the vote.
50% don't care. Interesting.
And I was kind of looking in the chat room and just so you know, among the non-meh crowd, 25% of the vote for the Zelda Link to the Past sequel, 18.75% for Earthbound and 6.25% for Super Luigi U.
So, interesting.
Is that 6% Ronma?
It could be. It could be. I don't know. I could look at the results, but I'm not going to look at who voted for what.
But I was looking at chat to try to figure out, like, why people are voting the way they are.
And it seems like a lot of people are just like, you know, I haven't been convinced that I need to pick up these Nintendo consoles.
So, you know, this news doesn't really get me excited.
Here's my thing. I understand that they have a certain strategy with announcing titles because they don't know development cycles and how far.
They don't want to announce a title, Smash Brothers, well before it's going to come out.
But at the same time, I would think that, why would you waste time dicking around when your console's not selling very well?
And, you know, if you have stuff to announce, like a price drop, sure, you can wait until E3 and do it and make a little bit of a splash and stuff like that.
But I would think it would be in your best interest to help your console now instead of later.
Because the more time you wait, the worse it's going to get for you.
Because say you have someone that's waiting for Wii U, I really want a good title to come out.
And then it's just like nothing. You don't hear about anything for a long time.
You're like, you know what, I'm just going to go get an Xbox. Money's already spent, and aw crap, they announced a good title. Oh well.
Well, what also surprised me about some of the reaction I'm seeing in the chatroom as to why people voted that way is that, you know, a big reason why they do these Nintendo Directs is to get out there on the internet, why you should own a 3DS, because you don't already.
And a Zelda Link to the Past sequel didn't sell that for people yet?
Granted, to be fair, I totally know that people are like, I'm not going to buy a freaking system based off a two minute trailer. Show me the game and then we'll see. I can respect that.
The 3DS, I don't think it has any problems whatsoever saying reasons you need to buy a 3DS.
I think that there's plenty of games out there, they've got a lot of really good games, and I think there's plenty of reasons on it.
I'm talking about the Wii U. That isn't there. And if they're going to wait-
But the Nintendo Direct wasn't about Wii U.
I don't care if it's about the Wii U. The Wii U is hurting and they haven't had an Nintendo Direct about the Wii U. Except for the stupid way.
Oh dirty, you're just Luigi, let's announce all these Luigi things. And the biggest thing they haven't announced was DLC for a game that they already put out.
I mean, you need something that's-
Yeah, but like, I put this Super Luigi U DLC next to some of the DLC that other companies put out. Let's say the Saints Row DLC Loki.
Okay, yes, I'll give you that, but let's put it this way. Hasn't sold any systems. Did we see a big jump in numbers after they made that announcement? No.
No, because DLC will keep it afloat and keep people having their Wii U's plugged in, but it's not going to move the system.
All that's going to happen is when it gets dropped in price, they'll bundle it with New Super Mario Brothers U Game of the Year Edition or some garbage like that.
They'll have the New Luigi U DLC bundled in there. That's all that's going to happen.
Well, we'll see. E3, hopefully a game changer. If not, going to be very interesting next year for Nintendo.
I think Falco just made a good point. If the best thing about your next gen system is the release of a nearly 20 year old game, your next gen console sucks.
But that's relying on-
But that's only really considering what's coming out of this conference. But I get it, Nintendo needs to light a fire under the Wii U.
I'm not going to sit here and defend Nintendo. No, Nintendo needs to get more people excited about the Wii U.
They need to pull the curtain back a little bit on what they're working on, and E3 is the deadline for that to happen.
But is it just me, or is there a lot of developers now just sort of banking in on that nostalgia?
Well, why not? We run up to the trough and hit the feeder bar. How much did we all squee about Earthbound linked to the past?
Well, apparently not the listenership, but I know I did.
To be honest, I'm not super excited either. I don't have a 3DS, I didn't get one because it gives me a headache.
It's really hard for me to put this into words. I want to see something new and exciting, and that's why my attention has been on the indie developers.
Because they're doing the new and exciting.
Ross Steel UT in the chat room saying, why isn't the Link to the Past sequel on the Wii U? That'd help if they didn't ass it up with gimmicks.
Good point. Why not this game that gets people really excited on the Wii U?
My assumption is because we're going to get a Zelda trailer this year.
You won't get the new Zelda this year, but you're going to get that trailer that gets you just enough fan wank to get people excited.
I'm going to get the new Zelda. It's the Wind Waker thing. It's supposed to be a remake.
Oh yeah, the Wind Waker. I meant like, you know...
Just wake me when the wank is over.
I'm telling you, it makes perfect sense, and the setup is so perfect that I would be shocked if...
Maybe not this year, because they are a little slow to adopt virtual consoles now just coming out.
How many months later? Six months later?
I mean, so they're a little slow to adopt things, but I would be shocked that we do not see a way to play 3DS games on the Wii U.
Or, let's just say that they're not going to do that, seeing some HD remakes of 3DS games coming to the Wii U.
It only makes sense that they're going to do that.
Alright, well let's move on.
Dark Soccer brought up indie developers, and this could be a place where Nintendo could...
And it seems like something could be happening there, who knows?
But this would be the group you would want to get in bed with if you were a game developer.
It looks like they're in bed with Microsoft, though.
So is it sexy times?
Yeah, but Mojang, Marcus Pearson, of course Notch, and Jens Bergensten, they have made Time's list of the 100 most influential people in the world for 2013.
Now, Time's 100 list kind of gets some, you know...
I think Lady Gaga won or came in second place in an online poll of who's...
Take some of this stuff with a grain of salt, but it is nice to see gaming represented and indie gaming at that.
And the cool thing is that Will Wright, you know, SimCity before it was, you know, this last one,
actually wrote the introduction talking that Minecraft was, quote,
a wonderful combination of accessibility and depth allowing for complex output with simple input.
And, you know, Minecraft was an amazing thing for gaming.
So I'm glad this is getting acknowledged.
I went from payter to tolerator to digging holes in the ground prairie dogger.
I'm going to make it a point this week because I've been really bad at not going to the server.
I'm going to play every single day this week.
I live streamed it last week.
I'm going to play every single day.
My prairie doghouse.
I guess apparently Time did that poll online, and this is saying that Notch ranked second in the poll.
So it was Notch or it was Lady Gaga.
I mean, you know, what's the difference, right?
Lady Notch, Notch.
They're essentially the same person.
All right, so congrats to them.
I'm curious.
Now the question is, what's next?
You know, they had that unit with the universe game was their next big project, right?
The camera, the name of the scrolls that they're doing.
Yes.
They've got the you know, the fuck the games call.
It's like 0x00.
That's that's the one I'm thinking of.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So although that one, he's claiming that he's running to kind of like a writer's block almost with it.
So he's working on other things right now until he figures out what to do with it.
Gotcha.
All right.
Let's move on.
We're still a little ways from the classic game of the week.
Some more news for you first.
Well, now, this is something I'm excited about, even though, yeah, it's kind of me biting myself because of the nostalgia thing.
But I was super happy.
Castle of Illusion is getting remade for PlayStation Network, Xbox Live Arcade and PC.
It is being developed by Sega Studios Australia and it will be a, I guess, a 2.5D kind of game.
This is a 2D 3D hybrid and it is basically based off of the Genesis slash Mega Drive game with the original director working with the developer now.
So there's a trailer out for it.
I totally recommend everybody watch it because it looks super good.
But I do not see a date on it.
Yeah, I don't think they have a date for it yet.
Yeah.
However, I mean, I played the shit out of this game.
I even, when I graduated high school, I traded my Super Nintendo for my friend's Genesis and sat playing this game for just the whole night.
And then I found his Master System converter and then was playing Alex Kidd in Shinobi World and that was pretty awesome too.
But yeah, Castle of Illusion is one of my top Disney games.
Yeah, that was a great game so it's exciting to hear about this.
The pictures are absolutely gorgeous but seriously, watch the trailer.
It is maybe not as orgasm inducing as DuckTales but, you know, there's lots of wank.
It'll still get you going down there a little bit?
It'll make one moist.
Ew.
That's just a fun word.
Moist?
Moist.
I was going to bring it up here in studio real quick just to be able to see some of this here in action.
Let me get to the actual gameplay part of the trailer.
It does look really good.
The graphics.
Yeah, this is more, there's not much of the gameplay.
Yeah, Maleficent.
Was that Maleficent?
Her face looks a little weird though.
Yeah, they don't have any gameplay in that but they actually have some screenshots that look pretty sweet.
Yeah.
Good times.
Oh, Codeman, I'm sorry.
What?
This isn't you. We actually have a friend, our friend Beanie.
You say the word moist around her, she full body shudders. It's hilarious.
Wasn't that the mom in Dead Like Me?
I never watched that.
Dead Like Me was a great show.
Well, I know it was a great show but I never watched it.
Critical Myth, back me up. You like that show, right?
You're the TV connoisseur around here.
Rob Moist.
I love that word.
I like cake.
Anyhow, Toilette.
Alright.
Moist Toilette.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and what's coming to a gaming store near you, Loki.
Today, Lego City Undercover The Chase Begins came out on the 3DS.
Tuesday, Dead Island Riptide coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC.
Dragon's Dogma Dark Arisen, it's kind of like the game re-released with their expansion in there.
That's PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And then Star Trek on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And those would be your games for this week.
Because it is April and hardly anything comes out in April.
Well, I mean Star Trek and Dead Island Riptide are...
Yeah, it's a decent release.
It's not as dry as some of the weeks have been lately.
Next week, on the other hand, Deadly Premonition.
And that's it.
Eww.
Alright, let's travel over to Japan and check out what is coming out in the Japanese release dates this week.
We will start off with the PlayStation 3.
And on the 25th of April, Bioshock Infinite gets its Japanese release.
So now you guys over there can see what we've all been raving about for a couple of weeks here.
Atuteki Yugi Mugen Scrolls, that comes in...
I think there's like a limited edition, a regular edition, and then some like selection edition.
Oh, you know what it is? The original Mugen Souls is getting a re-release price edition.
And there's Mugen Souls Z comes out this week. That's the deal there.
Dragon's Dogma from Capcom out this week on the 25th.
Shin Kamitachi no Yoro 11 Hitome no Suspect gets a price reduction this week.
Also in regular and limited editions, Steins Gate Senkei Kosuko no Phonogram comes out.
Tomb Raider gets its Japanese release this week. We talked a little bit about the...
DLC Japanese voice track.
No, not in Japan. You already get it.
But to give you an idea, if you want to import this baby into the US, $84 to import that guy.
So that's why it's, you know, games cost a little more in Japan.
Let's see, let's travel over. That's all PlayStation 3. Let's look at the Xbox 360.
Tomb Raider over there as well, of course.
Dragon's Dogma as well and Bioshock Infinite, most of the same stuff.
Steins Gate 2.
Colladrius also in regular and limited edition this week on the Xbox 360.
Taking a look real quick at some of the handhelds.
PlayStation Vita.
Kajiri Kamui Kagura Akebono no Hikari in regular and limited editions.
Katamari Damacy no Vita gets a price reduction this week.
That would be the Katamari Damacy game that was out at launch.
The music's still stuck in my head.
Make You Cross Blood Infinity out on the Vita this week as well.
Photokano Kiss and Ragnarok Odyssey and Ridge Racer getting price reductions this week in Japan.
Lots of price reductions on games this week.
Shinsengoku Musou next.
Tales of Innocence R.
So if you are a Japanese Vita owner, this is a great week to stock up on games you might have missed.
On the Wii U this week, nothing.
Absolutely nothing on the Wii U this week. That really shouldn't be a surprise.
On other systems, checking out the Nintendo 3DS.
I'm showing that we're still sending to the feed, so I'm going to move on for the podcast.
Nintendo 3DS says Detective Conan, Marionette no Kuyo Yoko Yoko.
Pocket Monster PC covers for the 3DS XL, you know, for those you Pocket Monster fans.
And Starry Sky in Spring 3D in regular and limited editions.
There you go. That's it for Japanese releases.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
We have some stuff in the UK.
We have, and this is the wrong window, because I'm special.
Goddamn stupid iPad. Sorry.
Okay. We have, on the 24th, Draw Slasher for the Vita, and Thomas Was Alone for the Vita and PS3.
On the 26th, Dead Island Riptide, Deadly Premonition, The Director's Cut, Dragon's Dogma, Dark Arisen, and Star Trek.
That's it.
It did, the feed did drop on our end, just so you know.
Yeah, I don't know what's going on.
Well, we always do a, you know, before, well now it's showing it's connected.
Before we start OLR every night, we always reset the router, reset the modems and everything in the house, you know.
Just think, if we were an always connected game console, we would not be working right now.
Keep that in mind for your future game console needs.
Dear Microsoft, listen to our podcast every week, 6 o'clock Central Time.
I mean, Central Public Time.
Is my computer, Alan, is my computer on?
Yes.
No? Okay. I just want to make sure, like, I didn't have, like, Dropbox running or something, so just, you know.
Yeah, Rob did mention Detective Conan.
I did.
Which is a very popular anime series from the 90s.
Yes, which is getting a game release in Japan that I already closed the window for.
All right, do we do UK release dates? Sorry.
Yes.
All right, then we got-
A bunch of crap.
A few more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
All right, so we've already talked about how the Wii U isn't selling very well.
Rob isn't selling very well.
And we don't have the, technically we don't have the NPD numbers out for hardware because Nintendo's not going to come out bragging that,
Hey, we only sold, like, 67,000 units. Yeah.
But, apparently, according to a leak on NeoGaf, they have the console numbers, which is possible because I get email updates occasionally of NPD numbers.
So, yes, the Wii U apparently only sold 67,000 units in the U.S. during the five weeks from March 3rd to April 6th.
And then, also, I guess, roughly, the Vita didn't do much better, actually. Let's see here.
They did only 33,000 units during March.
Were there any Vita games during March?
Quick, name me games on the Vita to get excited about right now.
I'm thinking the Persona 4 release, but that was, that already happened, so I'm like,
Tearaway if you're into
Project D.Va
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Tearaway if you're into Media Molecule.
There is Killzone, if you like Killzone.
So, here's a question for you all. We sit here and we razz Nintendo about, you know, well, you know, they're just not getting those titles out there, but look at the frickin' Vita.
Here's the thing, I think, with the Vita, and it's like, Nintendo, we recognize the potential is there that they could be doing much better.
The Vita, I don't think we have much expectations for them, other than, hey, it's a nice piece of hardware, but for some reason, all the games that come out on it aren't very good.
Like, dude, they had Call of Duty, Black Ops, come out on the Vita. That should have been System Accelerate there.
But, no. Instead, they just had a quick rush of a game come out by someone that did Resistance, and it sucked ass.
Thankfully, they're taking all that stuff first party now, and they're gonna be developing, instead of having third parties develop their games for them.
So, Killzone hopefully will be much better, but, I don't know.
I don't know if Tearaway's gonna, well, Tearaway's not gonna say that system.
What's gonna save that system, I think, a little bit is the fact that PlayStation Network is a really good place right now for indies, and there's a lot of indie games coming out in there.
So, I think we'll see some interesting stuff from there.
And maybe what develops with the PlayStation 4, because before I get accused of being a Nintendo fanboy and always defending them here on this show, although I like to think of myself as devil's advocate against gamers hate everything.
But, I think the PlayStation 4 is in a good place. I think it has a lot of good buzz around it.
And, you know, PlayStation 4 is gonna be a real contender for the Wii U, which doesn't, you know, unless they really knock our socks off at E3, you definitely are gonna have PlayStation 4 on another level.
You're gonna have to come out with something absolutely amazing.
And it could be interesting how the Vita could tie into that. I mean, we've already seen a little bit of that early press conference.
You know, so I'm really curious to see how that enriches as time goes on here.
Kuma JP mentioned a game called Oboro Muramasa. I guess, does that have to do with the sword?
Well, he linked us to the game there in our chat room.
Well, let's take a look.
So, if I can bring it up without destroying our feed again.
It's Muramasa Rebirth. It's the HD, well, not really HD, but remake of Muramasa.
Oh, neat.
That's cool.
Oh, that looks pretty fun.
Screenshots are taking forever to load. There we go.
Yeah, it's at the end of...
The Vita does have such a pretty screen.
It is a great piece of tech.
Well, they do have some good Japanese games coming out. They've got, you know, the Persona stuff. They've got Muramasa Rebirth.
There's also Odin's, well, not Odin's Sphere. There's Dragonblade.
Is that chick naked?
Look at her. They're skinny dipping or something.
Rob.
This is a perverse game.
You know what?
You need to stop being so white boy about it.
Oh my god, boobs. Oh my god.
It's only here that people have a big stick up their ass, a big rough sandpapery stick up their ass about boobs.
Exactly. I believe that we should have more boobs on TV. I fully support this.
Darsakir, are you saying I have a stick up my ass?
I like boobs too.
Boobs are great, but I mean people in general. We're fine with violence and blood and gore and, you know, saw and everything.
I like boobs covered in blood.
But show a tit and everyone loses their shit. Hey, that rhymed.
That's gonna be my new motto about America. Show a tit, lose your shit.
We haven't come to that part of the show yet, but we do have a story later on about the evil within, which did have a four-armed demon chick with boobs and blood on her boobs.
So there you go.
The violence boob quota.
Blood orgy, yay.
Organ orgy. It's just like organs launched at the screen. It was great.
More boobs.
Let's see, did you do the other sales story about-
Yeah, MPD.
March MPD.
Repeat what you just said again.
No, no problem. The March MPD stuff, Bioshock Infinite, obviously the top selling game.
The utter disappointment of a game sequel, Tomb Raider, only placed second.
Heads will roll.
Oh, what a disappointment.
Ironically, Gears of War Judgment 360 and then God of War Ascension on PS3 were three and four.
I'm sorry. I have to say this. This is going to be so wrong and I apologize in advance, but only an Asian company like Square Enix would be like, why can you only be the second best selling game?
Am I right? Am I right?
Only the parent company in Asia would be like, why weren't you the number one game?
Why you get an A minus?
You came out in the beginning of the month.
Call of Duty harder.
Call of Duty Black Ops 2.
Luigi's Mansion, Dark Moon actually on there, number six. MLB 13, the show on number seven.
NBA 2K13, eight.
Walking Dead Survival Instinct just began proving that Walking Dead, the franchise, will actually sell anything, whether it be a good game or absolute shit.
So that was number nine. Naruto, ship it in. Ultimate Ninja Storm 3, number 10.
What's not on this list? The two big titles for the Wii U, Lego City Undercover and Monster Hunter 3. Not even the top 10. So that's got to hurt.
Maybe Laura should have been a doctor.
Alright, moving on to fighting game news, or maybe a little change going on or another perspective.
Vice President Christian Svensson over at Capcom has made a remark about a fan-submitted question on the Ask Capcom forums.
This was about stories in fighting games. You know, I don't know how many people really play fighting games for the story.
Although some of them do have good stories, I guess.
Will you raise your hand over there?
Yes. Okay, if I don't play fighting games for the stories, I would have never touched any of the Tekken games.
I guess that's true.
I assume the people that play the fighting games for their stories are the same people that read Playboy for their articles.
Well, anyhow, here's the interesting comment about story mode in fighting games.
Quote, the strategic marketing group here has for quite a while been pushing for our fighting franchises to have more and more better single-player content, of which full-fledged story modes are one component.
How and when those requirements manifest in our future roadmap, I'm not prepared to speak about at this time.
Which a lot of people are reading in between the lines of that, that, you know, the single-player content or the story modes in fighting games are not good.
In Capcom fighting games.
I don't know. But then again, you know, you look at a franchise like Mortal Kombat.
Mortal Kombat's done really well with their story modes in their recent releases, especially this last one.
Tigerclaw mentions that the story in Injustice is really good and is getting Capcom thinking about making better stories in their fighting games.
Well, Injustice is just NetherRealm Studios that just did the Mortal Kombat game, right? So, same, same.
Anyhow, one other thing to mention about Capcom.
Apparently, more DLC in Capcom's future, which, you know, isn't really unexpected.
But this is talking about Capcom's recent strategy.
There was a lot of very interesting revelations here in Capcom's forecast about where the company's going.
Saying that apparently they don't want to outsource games to Western developers as much anymore.
That it has caused a drop in quality.
They're gonna promote DLC in the consumer business.
Aim for growth, surpassing the market by reinforcing the online and mobile contents business.
iPhone games, Android games.
And strengthen earnings base by expanding the title lineup in the P&S business.
More DLC, just hopefully not included on the disc.
Or just announce the Mega Man rebirth already.
We all know it's coming.
A Mega Man reboot.
Alright.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, band.
That just about brings us to the end of the first half of our show.
But we have to take a trip down memory lane first off with a segment we call the Classic Game of the Week.
You know, back in the time, we didn't have reboots back in the day.
You didn't reboot a gaming franchise.
No, you just put out some crappy sequels and then try to make people forgive you with the third one.
That's right. Well, let's see if that is the case with tonight's Classic Game of the Week.
Not really.
Alright, DarkSakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week tonight?
Son of the Hedgehog 3.
Because I couldn't find anything else and I've been haunted by the Ice Cap music.
Oddly enough for some reason.
Which is what's in the background.
Which is the best music ever in any video game in the universe.
So Sonic the Hedgehog 3 was the special one.
It was completely tied to its direct sequel, Sonic and Knuckles.
And they could latch on to each other and be awesome.
It was like the gestalt of game perfection.
So yeah, I mean, it's basically Sonic the Hedgehog.
I mean, I really liked the first one. I really liked the second one.
Sonic 3 for me just, like, lit everything up.
It was the last real- actually, no, I take that back.
Sonic CD was the last really good Sonic game as far as platforming goes.
But this, I actually, I actually will even put Sonic 3 above Sonic CD.
And Bobby the Japanese music was better for Sonic CD, just saying.
So Sonic 3 also had some interesting things going on with it too.
You basically could pick between Sonic or Tails, as you could in Sonic 2.
And it was basically the same type of gameplay.
You had all the same usual stuff. You had your six levels with two parts.
You had a boss at the end of the very full thing.
You could keep going back to the level.
You have new abilities, like you could hold the jump button while in mid-air.
And do, like, a quick shield for protection.
Tails could fly or swim underwater for a short time before getting tired and going back down.
So Tails could actually go to places that Sonic could not.
And his tail could actually be used to attack enemies.
And if you have a second player controlling Tails, then he can carry Sonic while flying.
So basically it opened up to all kinds of exploration.
And then there were the different shields in the game, like there was the fire shield.
And my favorite was, was it the lightning shield that attracted coins? Not coins, rings.
That was my favorite.
And if you hit a checkpoint while holding 50 or more rings, you got a bonus stage, which was the bumper stage.
Which, I'm sorry, the bumper stage pissed me off.
Of any bonus stage ever in any game, for some reason it was that sort of, was it semi-isometric point of view?
Would just give me a headache and I couldn't do it at all. So now I make Dan do it.
But that's how you earn your Chaos Emeralds.
And, like, someone even took the time to chart out how the various bonus stages were.
There was also a thing you could do with Sonic and Knuckles, where if you attached an older cartridge to it.
Like, you could play Sonic 2 with Sonic and Knuckles.
But if you did another one, if you hold, like, a certain button press, then you could go on.
Now, I want to talk about the music for a minute, okay?
There was a big thing going around with the music, saying that Michael Jackson had done a lot of the music and then he removed himself from the cartridge or something.
There's a series of, what am I mentioning, clips on YouTube, where people have compared music in Sonic 3 to Michael Jackson songs.
So, I mean, it's pretty obvious. I mean, the Ice Cap Zone sounds like Smooth Criminal.
This is actually my second favorite music in the game.
It's the Lava Reef Zone. Really good music.
So, yeah, so basically, you know, you can, if you got all of the Chaos Emeralds, you can turn into Super Sonic and then Knuckles punches the crap out of him and takes the Chaos Emeralds.
And you have to go to the Death Egg. Rawr.
You know, which, I always like, yeah, they called him Robotnik, but it really did make a lot more sense to call him Eggman because the dude looked like a freaking egg.
And, hey, he was in Wreck-It Ralph.
So, yeah, so basically there have been a bajillion different releases of this game.
We had Sonic Jam in 1997 for the Saturn, Sonic and Knuckles collection, and the Sonic and Garfield pack.
What the fuck? Sonic and Garfield pack? For PC?
Sonic Mega Collection for the GameCube, Sonic Mega Collection Plus for PS2, Xbox, and PC, Sega Genesis Collection for PS2 and PSP, Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection for Xbox 360 and PS3, and Sonic Classic Collection for Nintendo DS.
Plus, you can get, like, these various packs on Steam.
I'll be honest, the only one of those I've ever bought was Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine because, hello, it's Puyo Puyo.
There have been, like I said, the digital releases for Steam, there's been the Wii Virtual Console one in 2007, Xbox Live Arcade in 2009, and it even has a split-screen multiplayer on Xbox Live.
So it was given, when it was released, EGM gave it a 9.5 out of 10.
And, honestly, I think it was well-deserved. It's one of the best games to ever come out.
So...
Alright. That's it?
That's it.
There it is. A real classic. A real classic game of the week there. Sonic 3.
I think I'm saving the Sonic series for my... Damn, I can't think of a game this week.
So I've got Sonic 2 and the first one to go. We'll see what happens, right?
Alright. There it is, your classic game of the week. Sonic 3.
We will be back after a quick break with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio. Don't go anywhere, guys. We'll be right back.
Welcome back to Part B of Orange Lounge Radio for this April the 21st, 2013, the 501st episode of our show.
Alright, so we had a little bit of a long break there live. Sorry about that. But, you know, just taking care of it.
Blame me!
Alright, I will blame Dark Sakura. It's all her fault.
But, I don't get it. Loki was giggling like mad during the break.
This is the funniest shit ever.
It's apparently some gay... I haven't seen this yet, so I'm about to check this out. What is this game, Loki?
It's Surgeon Simulator 2013.
Okay, and what's the deal with this game?
It's basically a surgery simulator. Like, they have different surgeries you perform. There's like brain transplants, kidney transplants, and I think like a heart transplant or something.
And what makes the game unique is that you control it using the keyboard and mouse. The keyboard, you put your hand on the Q, W, E, F, and space.
Each one of the keys represents one of your fingers in the game. So you have to grip instruments and actually do stuff.
And so more times than not, you're just like flopping around all over the place.
So it's kind of like Q-Op or something.
Yeah, go earlier in the video there.
Go earlier in the video here? Alright.
So they're ripping out organs of this patient? What?
You can even go earlier than that. This is the funny Swedish guy.
Perform a double kidney transplant.
In an ambulance. The ambulance is moving, so stuff is bouncing around.
Oh great, the ambulance is moving.
Hey, guts.
Sausage in your stomach, Bob.
The kidney is just floating around in the back there.
I love that.
Oh, lordy.
I am buying this when I get home.
You need to wait and don't play it until you can livestream it.
Here we go, Bob.
I'll do it tonight.
I'll put that in our chat. Sorry to the podcast folks, but just look it up on YouTube.
There's a ton of them. It was great about the game.
Surgeon Simulator 2013.
They have records. They have people doing record surgery.
The times, how quickly you can do surgery, and murder times.
So like how quickly you can kill your patient.
Sj100matt says in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Hey, I remember playing the original surgery game, Life and Death 2.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
Those games were scary shit.
Sorry, for me it was Trauma Center.
You know, we got Trauma Center on Wii when it came out.
Oh yeah, me too.
And I remember, I think I was drunk on something.
No, no, no, it was the Vicodin.
When I'm sitting here, leaning back in my chair, I was on Vicodin.
It was right after, I think I was playing it right after my surgery.
So I'm sitting here with my hand in a cast, trying to hold the Wii-mote,
going, can't hold it!
And then I ended up using my left hand, and so I was slicing people to bits.
It was hilarious.
Sj100matt though, I was playing the original surgery game, Operation, by Milton Bradley.
Yeah, the only thing about Life and Death 1 that kind of sucked was that,
from what I remember, at least we can only get to the first surgery,
which was removing an appendix.
Unfortunately, they do not allow you to play tic-tac-toe using the scalpel.
That will kill the patient, apparently.
Nice.
Alright, let's move on, do some rapid-fire news,
quickly covering some of the other things going on in the gaming world this week.
And then we'll get to the Fookle question of the week.
But first, rapid-fire news, Logie.
So, Deadpool, supposed to be coming out June 25th.
And that's all you need to know, because Deadpool's awesome.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC, June 25th.
The Ouya's got a firmware update that's allowing people to change their credit card information.
And apparently you can change this at any time.
And also, they're going to be adding some different payment options as well later on.
But right now, you can change your credit card information, fantastic.
And they've signed up 10,000 registered developers,
because technically everybody with an Ouya could be a registered developer at some point,
because you can develop stuff on your own system.
But yeah, that sounds kind of cool.
And I think one of the announcements was that Papa and Yo, developers,
was supposed to be making a game for Ouya.
So that's kind of neat.
And last but not least, Bethesda was teasing all week long.
And then finally released a trailer for The Evil Within,
which is the brand new game from Shinji Mikami.
They're known for the Resident Evil series.
And I got to say, after watching the trailer,
other than the fact that there is a lot of organs and stuff,
it looks very Silent Hill-ish. Like, good Silent Hill-ish.
I was a little bit scared just watching the trailer.
Let me bring this up here in studio.
I like brains.
Oh, I thought there was a YouTube here.
I'll look it up when I get home.
I like anything that's Silent Hill in a good way.
But I have to get Shane's review of it, because I trust Shane in all things remotely Silent Hill-looking.
Oh, don't inflate his ego like that.
Okay, here, this is like a two-minute trailer, though.
And there's ads on it. Hooray.
Well, let's come back to this in a minute. That's what we'll do.
That's fine.
In the meantime, I will read a few stories here.
The bonus games for Capcom Arcade Cabinet revealed.
If you bought all the games for Capcom Arcade Cabinet, all the download stuff,
you will get two free games.
And the bonus games were 1943 Kai. That is the laser 1943.
Awesome.
And Vulgus, which was the very first Capcom game in arcades.
By the way, just so you know, the other pack of games came out for Capcom that rounds out this pack.
That's Sun Sun 1942 and Pirate Ship Higemaru, which I love that game.
Higemaru is a pretty neat game.
But if you want just classic shooter, you can't get any better than 1942.
Well, for vertical shooters.
Right.
Okay, is that guy doing surgery on a brain?
No, Shane hadn't seen the trailer yet, so I was linking him.
Don't watch this yet. Don't watch this yet. Okay.
I have other news.
Mad Dog McCree 2, The Lost Gold.
No incur.
Well, if you're a PSN owner, you might care.
It has move control.
HD scrub down.
Good, because this is the only way someone can play it anymore since light guns don't work.
New difficulty modes.
And online leaderboards.
You know, because everybody wants to compete on Mad Dog McCree.
Also, a rating has shown up on a Korean rating site for Metal Gear Solid The Legacy Collection.
This would make sense, though, if there's a Metal Gear Solid 5 on the horizon.
Why wouldn't they want to bundle the first four games together?
You can't really call four games a trilogy.
So this would make sense.
There was also a tweet from Hideo Kojima that kind of points to this as well.
Why wouldn't this be a thing on PlayStation 3?
Why wouldn't it?
Makes a lot of sense.
Now, this trailer's like two minutes long, so I can't do the whole thing.
But here's some parts of the trailer, Dark Sakura.
I'm going to fast forward a little bit.
All the good stuff's towards the end.
All the good stuff's at the end.
That's really realistic.
Yeah.
Let's go a little further.
Ooh, blood.
Okay, I want to play this.
Organs.
Yay, I like organs.
Ew.
Rob, why are you showing me that, Rob?
That's one of those games to get my mom to watch me play.
We need to get your mom watching you play one of those games, and we need to stream it.
Well, I was thinking a great one to have my mom react to would be Bioshock Infinite.
So I'll work on that.
We should do Rob's Mom, the series.
Yeah, maybe like a YouTube thing. We'll see.
Alright, moving on, Dark Sakura, you have some game news for us.
I do, and one of them has to do with a game that we have covered before.
It's actually a game hack.
And now it's actually showing up in arcades.
There's a guy named Clay Cowgill.
I almost said cowgirl, and I knew better, so I caught myself.
Bangadoo bang.
Geez, thanks.
Did a ROM hack that basically installs it in place of the original game chips on the motherboard.
So there is a YouTube video going around of the arcade version.
And a site called This Old Game is doing the artwork for the Pauline edition.
So it will be like $100 and has a marquee, monitor, glass, control panel, side art, and instruction stickers.
They even have Mario being held by Donkey Kong and stuff.
Oh, that's awesome, because that's like...
I mean, it's even in the right style, too. I love it.
So next up, the 3DS XL Circle Pad Pro is finally in North America. Yay.
And it costs 20 bucks. Boo.
But you can order it on Nintendo's official online store.
That is the only place that you can find it.
But not too many games use it.
Mostly Monster Hunter 3 and Resident Evil Revelations and Metal Gear Solid 3D Snake Eater.
It has the best theme song of any game ever.
And now there is a third-person shooter called God Mode that launches on Steam and Xbox Live Arcade this kind of Friday.
This game looked kind of fun.
It did.
It looked like a big orgy of death, like Quake Arena.
It really did.
It was done by Old School Games, which is a subsidiary of Saber Interactive.
And it's basically, like you were saying, a health-themed arena shooter.
Go around, shoot things.
You have modes called Test of Faith that alter the rulesets.
You have party hats, Rob.
Party hats are great.
Oh, I love party hats.
And then basically it's just lots of fun.
Lots of crazy fun.
And it costs 10 bucks on Steam or 800 Microsoft points.
Or 6.99 for our friends in the UK.
Very nice.
Going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Prince Brightstar asking a question about one of the stories you just did, Dark Saga.
Can arcades legally earn money from the Donkey Kong Pauline game?
That's a good question.
Probably not. In all honesty, probably not.
I would think this is more of a novelty that shows up at trade shows and private owners.
Not something you put down at a miniature golf place or at a bowling alley to actually make money.
That would probably get you some hot water.
Well, I don't know. It's a ROM hack, so it's not necessarily that they're selling pirated stuff.
It's basically modifying your system.
It also wouldn't be the first pirated game to ever show up in an arcade.
Well, at Classic Gaming Expo, someone had done a Donkey Kong 2.
It was basically just a re-hack of Donkey Kong where you found unused sprites and basically redid levels.
I mean, it plays exactly Donkey Kong style, but he put up his dump and everything.
That sounded awful. I'm sorry.
He put the ROM dump up. Shut up, Rob.
You're five. You served it up.
Five years old, Rab.
Here's my dump, y'all.
Well, it wasn't my dump. It was his dump, and I just happened to be there for it.
It was number two.
I quit. Bye. I'm going home.
I'm done with y'all. This is...
backwards. Fuck this shit. Later.
Thanks for the pinkberry bye.
No, but I remembered that he had distributed it to some arcades.
You're still red in the face.
Because it's funny, his little comment about what it was number two. That was funny.
Isn't Prince Brightstar so happy that his question led to that?
A really good serious question led to, yeah, poop.
Yeah, and we supposedly have a mature rating because we're not.
Let's get to the Fugu question of the week. Let's class it up a little bit here with some listener feedback.
Good fucking luck.
Facebook and Google Plus. Throw them together, you get Fugu.
Fugu Plus. And we ask a question of the week every week on Fugu.
And this week has to do with the Heroes show reboot, Rumors.
Rumor is that Heroes, a TV show that used to be on NBC, could get a second chance as a television show on the next Xbox.
Would you watch something like this via Xbox?
Do you think this type of content delivery poses a threat to cable television as we know it now?
What are your thoughts? We'll start on Facebook tonight with Critical Myth. Love this answer, by the way.
Setting aside the fan perception that the show quickly went downhill after the first season, and thus bringing it back doesn't make a lot of sense,
I don't think this alone is a threat to network or cable television.
It would only be the combined success of these alternative outlets like Netflix, Hulu, DirecTV, and so on.
What it does say, along with some of the other outlets, is that a cancelled show may have many other options than might have been the case just a few short years ago.
Add to that the crowdsourcing possibilities, Veronica Mars, and the initial end of a show might not be the final end after all.
You know, there's a show on ABC that I really like, I think it's really funny, called Happy Endings, but it's supposedly kind of done because the ratings haven't been very good,
but everybody's already talking about, like, can it be on cable or something like that? So, I don't know.
Alright, going to Red the Haze. Would you support Heroes or what have you?
Nope, I haven't paid for a live subscription in ages, and I'm satisfied everywhere else with my gaming and entertainment needs.
My internet connection isn't fast enough, and a large percentage of the US has the same issue.
This won't threaten cable TV, but other reliable services that are catching on, like Netflix and Hulu, are more of a threat because of the low barrier of entry with Roku's and smart TVs.
Rebooting a cancelled TV show that nobody remembers fondly isn't a good gamble.
Now, somebody else jumped in there and said, hey, wait a minute, nobody remembers fondly.
I liked, what was the dude's name, was it Hero?
Yeah, Hero.
I liked him, and I liked his buddy.
Unfortunately, he's not probably, I would say that most of the cast would not be back because you have them all doing their own things.
They're all in other shows now.
He's on Hawaii Five-0 right now, and The One Chick's on Dallas.
Nashville.
Or Nashville, yeah.
I mean, but there's always the possibility that they could do cameos or what have you, and Heroes wasn't necessarily, the idea was the Heroes were going to get all killed off in the first season anyway.
It was supposed to always be new people, and it just didn't work out that way.
I thought Heroes was awesome the first season. I was so into it. I'm sure I talked about it on this show because this show's been on long enough.
I remember downloading the preview on Xbox and all that stuff. There's things in the preview that was on Xbox that never was even in the real show.
I watched it. There's George Takei.
There you go.
Because you know he's my gay daddy.
But I'm of the mindset that when they started introducing all these other characters in season two, it really went downhill.
I stopped watching season three. I couldn't take it anymore, but I heard the show started to get back to its roots and got a lot better season four and maybe ended a little bit before.
I never saw season four.
Yeah, I never gave it that second chance, but I would be down with a reboot, but if you're going to ask me to pay a lot of extra money for it, eh.
But if it's part of a service that's something else with it, I might be open to it.
I still wanted to go. I tried actually watching the first season, but all I would do is just watch the Hero Anando scenes.
And I wanted to like Cheerleader Wolverine. Could not get into it.
But one of my friends was on that show.
This is supposed to be about the listeners. Let me read the rest of the answers here.
Dark Charger says if the writing and acting is good, I will watch it.
I already pay for Xbox Live, as do millions of subscribers, and this just adds much needed value.
There isn't a single show or channel that will usurp cable.
However, I believe consumers are willing to dump on an antiquated business model if an IPTV model is perceived as an equivalent or superior.
Remember this whole thing, the theory was that cable providers could then offer their cable channels over the internet to other people that would be out of the area.
Like if you don't have Comcast in your area, thank God.
And you wanted to get Comcast channels, although they all kind of have the same channels anyways.
But that was supposed to be a way to do it, was with this box.
But remember HBO is talking about doing internet only.
So that would be kind of neat, although I just don't want to pay $8 for each channel.
Burr replies and says never cared for heroes, but I would gladly watch a show on my Xbox if it was good.
I don't know if it's a threat to the whole system, but it's yet another step towards the a la carte delivery consumers have been clamoring for, much to the cable company's chagrin.
Pete Garuno says if it ain't 1 versus 100, dot dot dot. High five, sir. Amen. Preach.
If they say the next Xbox is bringing back 1 versus 100, I would have to give it serious consideration on that merit alone.
But they need to guarantee me it'll be up for at least a couple years.
Let's see, Nicky E. replied and said I liked the first season, they blew it in the second.
I would probably check out a reboot.
As for the whole deal of getting services via Xbox or Netflix or any other streaming service, I don't like it one bit if it's an exclusive thing.
I pay for Netflix to be able to watch what I want, when I want.
If some other service has an exclusive thing, I would either not care, buy it on DVD later, or maybe end up downloading it.
I think too much competition via exclusive deals and making content only for your own streaming service would just lead to more piracy.
Just when the streaming services were beginning to compete with the conveniency of the internet.
Thanks for a great show. Thank you.
That's a good point. I don't want to have to give every content publisher 10 bucks a month to watch their show.
I think that dilution is going to lead to a lose-lose situation.
Piracy, yeah.
Yeah, piracy. People get what they want to see, you know.
Yes, people do get what they want to see.
Degenerate Johnny says, I don't particularly think this service will pose a threat.
Yes, interactive entertainment has played a role in the steep decline of ratings within cable television through Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, and other various services.
Which is why you see cable news upholding the interest of those networks by focusing on the negative pertaining to interactive entertainment.
Ooh, interesting. Do you think maybe it's a whole little, that's why cable news has it out for games, is that it's competition?
That's an awfully little...
No, I think it's just, it's the same reason...
They are an easy target though.
It's the same reason why there's certain people on cable news that have very racist comments or, you know, I just think they're very short-minded.
Let's see, Andy R. says, depends what kind of pricing is involved, but I would like something like this.
I don't pay for cable because I don't watch much TV, which makes it difficult on the few occasions when there is a show I want to watch, like Game of Thrones.
If I can watch it in a manner where I'm not paying for a ton of services I don't want, I'm all for it.
Mike B. says, cable should be trying to keep up with the times. The future is a la carte programming.
He's not the first one to use that term.
Commercial-free shows and movies via the internet. I already do this now. It's a little pricey, but no commercials.
Let me go over to Google Plus and Redertainment, who said, this is what Microsoft tried and failed to do with Web TV.
Microsoft wanted Web TV to be centralized hub for all your entertainment.
The Xbox is succeeding where Web TV failed due to Xbox being a well-established brand and consumers generally being more web-savvy now than where Microsoft failed with Web TV.
As far as Heroes goes, I take the same approach to it as I do Arrested Development of Netflix or Zombieland on Amazon.
If I'm interested in the content, then I will seek it out. I'm not interested in Heroes, so I will not be seeking it out.
Again, that comment from Redertainment on Google Plus. I think the comparison of Web TV is very interesting.
If at first you don't succeed, try again. Very interesting.
Apologize I didn't get to all the comments, but do check out our Facebook community, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and Google Plus.
Just search for orange lounge radio to read all of the great comments in their entirety.
In the meantime...
Yeah, cause there's some wank going on.
What? Oh, the chatter's mad at you.
You didn't read mine, Rob.
Well, maybe because I read a lot of your other stuff and you guys call in pretty regularly, so I wanted to read people that don't get to participate as much with the show.
So just throw that out there.
I know, but you know, I have to give...
You have to fan the flames.
I have to fan them.
Alright.
I'm like, I'm like, um, Karl Lagerfeld and his fan.
But I appreciate...
Without being an asshole.
I appreciate all of the comments and encourage everybody to go read them in their entirety on Facebook and Google Plus.
Meanwhile, more news.
So the second round of THQ auctions are, well, they're happening.
And apparently the news will be out Monday afternoon on to who has what.
This included back catalog rights and also kind of different lots, including the Darksiders franchise, Red Faction, and Homeworld franchise.
Of course, you know, the original auctions, you know, sold off the other stuff like Saints Row and that kind of thing.
They're saying they're going to make six to seven million dollars from those sales.
One thing, though, that we do know that's going to happen, the whole crowdfunded movement to buy the rights to Homeworld failed.
They didn't have enough money to win the bid there.
So thankfully they are refunding everyone's money.
So that's nice.
So they have that going on.
That means somebody put up a lot of money for it.
So somebody recognized the value in it.
Then somebody outbid those guys.
So they had, I guess it looks like they had around 80 million dollars or set.
No, like 70 million.
No, no, no.
Eighty thousand.
I'm sorry.
Seventy five thousand dollars.
Eighty million dollars.
Well, it's the most successful.
Saints Row win for that much.
No, no, no.
So eighty thousand dollars is what they had between their Indiegogo and Kickstarter campaigns.
Unfortunately, they were not able to get it for that.
It sold for the Price is Right rules.
Eighty thousand and one.
All right.
Well, this, I think, is some good news for gaming, because this was just causing a lot of fuckery in court.
And I really can't think of a better word to describe it.
But you might remember that there was a trademark on the term Edge, and this belonged to Tim Langdell, who was the founder of Edge Games.
Well, a court order has stripped him of that trademark.
That's because of a petition by DICE and EA, who made it Mirror's Edge.
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued notice of the canceled registration on April 17th.
This whole thing has been going on since 2010.
Let's see.
Moby Game made a game called Edge, and they've discounted all versions of the game by 50% in celebration.
The game had been taken down from the App Store previously due to issues with this trademark.
So, you know, anything that had the word Edge in it, this guy was coming for you.
Hide your wife, hide your edge.
Hmm, that sort of sounds like Ville.
Yeah, so maybe this will set a very interesting precedent and send a message.
I'm going to create a game called Ville. Just Ville.
I mean, this guy is welcome to call his company Edge Games, I don't have a problem with that.
But where did Edge Games and Mirror's Edge? No. There's no similarity there.
It's just like monster cables.
I'm all for this. They should kill off more stupid trademarks.
I can think of a few we've come across in gaming that need to be canceled as well.
So, anyhow. Let's move on to some more news.
In other news. Now, the original link, by the way, didn't work, so I had to hunt it down.
Oops.
Oh well. It's okay. So, there is a prototype of a Sega machine that was called the Pluto, I believe.
And a guy's posting on Assembler Games forums with pictures of one of the second prototypes.
There were only two of them.
And basically says it's super heavy. It had two controller ports, a flip-top drive bay, a cart slot, a power button, and the reset button.
It still says Saturn on it, but this was, apparently, they were going to brand whatever this Pluto system was with the Saturn name.
When you plug it in, it actually has the Saturn loading screen. The drive empty screen.
So, yeah. Just looking this over. It apparently works.
It was, I'm sorry if I'm having to go through this because, unfortunately, the original thing didn't work for me.
It is region locked, but it is a USA NTSC Saturn. So, that's pretty cool. I think it had the networking capability.
They bought this for a dollar at a Stockton flea market. One dollar.
By the way, turning around and selling it on eBay right now, already up to like $67,000, or $7600.
For real? That was at a flea market? That's crazy.
Yeah. The other one was at a garage sale.
Wow.
And I think the Stockton area as well.
Yeah, okay. It's a Saturn with a Netlink built in.
This needs to be in my collection, dammit.
You have a few thousand dollars to pony up?
No, I have a desire to buy a house.
If only you'd been at that flea market.
I can't live in a Sega Pluto.
You can try.
It is pretty big.
I have to say, looking at it, it is pretty burly, but you know what? I have a Saturn and I'm happy with it.
Damn, it is a monster though.
I just want to read a quick comment on the Edge thing, because people in chat are still talking about the Edge story, and I think this insight from Dungeon Buster is pretty good in chat.
Langdell picked a fight with EA, and EA decided to litigate his trademark into oblivion and won.
The guy was nuts. He'd sue over anything that he thought infringed on his trademark.
He made up proof that others were using it, which the courts didn't appreciate. It was hilarious.
Again, that's from Dungeon Buster in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
I also do want to repost the forum link, just because people need to see photos of this. It's pretty interesting.
Oh, of the Pluto?
Of the Pluto. I mean, I've seen the Neptune one, because they have it at Classic Gaming Expo every year.
This thing is huge, and it looks like a Saturn and a Sega CD had an ugly baby.
Poor Pluto keeps getting shit on. It's not a real planet. It's not a real system.
Good thing we didn't name this show Pluto Lounge Radio, or we might have been in trouble.
Her. No, good thing we weren't Pluto Edge Radio.
Alright.
You see what I did there?
Loki, were you going to get into something? Sorry, I think I cut you off.
Yeah, I was going to talk about how successful Microsoft is.
They turned a profit in their third quarter, which just ended March 31st.
And apparently, I guess, $2.53 billion. 56% increase over last year.
And, of course, citing that, you know, obviously, Halo 4 is a big part of that.
They were saying that, I guess, overall, they said the operating income of $342 million was up from a $242 million loss last year.
So, overall, they're up, but some of their costs went up as well.
And they're saying right now, specifically, Xbox Live memberships grew 18%, now 46 million members.
And they're saying that the console, I guess, it shipped 8.9 million units in the first nine months of fiscal 2013, down 3 million units from the same time last year.
But it's a big spend. It's been out for eight years now.
Yeah, yeah. You expect there's going to be a little decline.
Almost eight years.
No price drop or anything recently to motivate it, right?
Yeah.
All right. Well, we talked a lot in the first half of our show tonight about the Nintendo Direct conference that happened this week.
But this was something that wasn't really a part of that, probably because this is only happening in Japan.
But I found this interesting. If for nothing else, then it name checks Tumblr, which I know Dark Sakura is into that.
It's a web tool coming out for the 3DS internet browser.
And what you can do is you can share screenshots from certain compatible games right onto Twitter and Tumblr.
The games it supports right now, Animal Crossing New Leaf and Tomodachi Collection New Life, which isn't something we have here.
But those are the games that are going to work with the service.
And you can even see in a little screenshot here, you see the games and I guess you take the screenshot and you just put them right up on Twitter and Tumblr.
Which I find interesting that those are the two that are picked, not like Facebook or something.
But again, it's Japan. Facebook might not be in Japan when it is here.
And honestly, do you want more of that shit on your Facebook?
Click block.
You're right, I don't want more of that shit on my Facebook.
God, Facebook is actually on my shit list for a big reason.
Well, I've been talking bad about it for a long time. Welcome to the party.
Alright, anyhow, no word, however, if this is something that's coming to our side of the pond, we'll see.
I imagine it's one of those things that might surprise us in the future, Nintendo Direct.
I would imagine maybe they are trying to incorporate some other services that are big here.
I can't imagine they wouldn't try to do Facebook. Try to think what other...
Look, I just hit Tom Nook with a bug catching net.
Right?
I just made somebody fall into a hole.
I hope they incorporate more of this stuff. They should do this type of instant screenshotting for virtual console games.
See, I would have loved something like this when I was playing the first, well, technically the second Animal Crossing on GameCube and had my town lesbian.
Or like, look what crazy shit I got this guy to say.
I know, well we had one character because I think we brought over your card to have our town people meet.
And now half of my town members started saying pussy.
And then we brought it over to Adam's house on his wife's game.
And then half of her town started saying it too.
Yeah, I caused an outbreak.
You're a virus.
I was.
Rob caused an outbreak of pussy.
I got one that said a really, really nasty word and there was a certain friend at the time that really did not like that word.
Was it?
And it ended up moving to her villa, it ended up moving to her village.
She worked for months to get, from what I hear, to get rid of it.
Oh man.
In retrospect, I feel bad.
Memories.
But yeah, memories. Animal Crossing ruining lives, left and right.
Alright, this is the part of the show where we would do the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Lol, nope.
But, no emails tonight?
FreezePop emailed us.
They're selling merchandise to benefit the folks in Boston.
Oh, well that's cool. They are from Bob. That's great.
Yeah, so go check out FreezePop's merchandise. We love FreezePop.
I almost sang Sprode last night and then I was too drunk.
And the reason why I kind of snickered in the beginning is because we get a lot of stuff from them all the time about what's going on.
But that is definitely a cause worth plugging.
Well, I'm going to give it one more refresh just to see.
Just in case?
And if anybody sent me an asshole email in the interim, then you're banned.
Nope.
Send us one for next week. Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Send me something funny.
I will throw another plug out here for this. The bumpers.
Now, don't forget, we're looking for more bumpers for the show.
I didn't play one tonight. I have one in the queue. I still need to play.
And I forgot to get it prepped today with all the stuff that was going on today.
I had visitors from out of town and all that.
So I didn't get around to doing that, so I apologize.
But you know what? It's okay because if I had played it tonight, I wouldn't have had anything for next week.
So don't forget to send in bumpers.
And more details are available at the VOG Network.com forums.
Use your gaming voices to tell people stuff.
Alright, what are you...
Something coming up.
Mewing out over there. Alright.
Something looks hideous.
Alright, well let's do the FUs of the week.
Speaking of hideous and wrong.
And horrible.
To the girl who is at Panda Express.
Not while I'm working there.
She walks up, this girl walks up to my car and says,
Hi, can you please buy us dinner? My mom just lost her job.
Which, she was totally lying.
I mean, it was, she was there with her friends hanging out and drinking cups of water from inside the...
Not an Oscar winner.
No.
And I was like, and so I just said to her, I said, no.
And she's like, but, but we need food.
I was like, there's assistance programs.
I'm not even going in Panda Express.
And I went into the Rite Aid.
Cause it's like right next door.
Cause I wanted to buy cheap crappy sunglasses to wear over my regular glasses.
And then, so I walked back in to go buy my food.
And I'm sorry to get you any kind of sour in the evening.
Can you get that?
It's fine. I actually ended up having Panda earlier today by coincidence.
So it works out.
Well, so anyway.
By the way, the guy who talked about my hair a couple weeks ago was there and he said,
You did your hair that way again?
Um, but, um, the girls were sitting out there just being completely stupid and harassing customers,
but they didn't have like any kind of security going on.
They could, they had no way to ask them to leave.
So I was like, Oh, I am so sorry.
Your customers are being harassed right now.
And then, um, to the Audi, the person driving the Audi who kept trying to pass me.
No.
You all know.
Hello Key.
Um, I don't want to go all Seinfeld, but seriously,
what's up with bicycles built for two?
I mean, seriously, I saw like on the way here, you know, there's a lot of bikers out right now.
Like a tandem?
Yeah, like it's a bike with two seats and people both pedal.
Yeah. Okay.
I don't understand.
You mean like the one in front, one in back, like the classic tandem bicycle or if it had a buggy or something?
No, no, no.
The classic, like you see it in cartoons where they, it's a bicycle built for two.
Riding through the park together.
Like the method movie.
Yeah.
Like I understand, you know, if you're on vacation or something like, well, let's get a bicycle built for two.
But these were people that were, you know, the bikers that you see out on the road that dress up.
The ones that like have their team sponsors.
You're not sponsored by any fucking person.
Okay.
You just have this stupid biker thing.
It looks ridiculous.
You look ridiculous.
And a bicycle built for two.
Like I'm supposed to be convinced that you're training for your bicycle built for two marathon race that you're going to be in.
I mean, come on.
It's just.
Now that song is stuck in my head.
It's just weird.
I don't know.
It just annoys me extra.
Uh, my a few of the week, I'll keep it short and sweet.
Um, F F you to those bastards that set the bombs off in Boston.
That was, that was some straight up fucked up crap.
So or the MIT shooter.
I am.
That was all.
That was all the same.
That was the same guys.
Oh, yeah.
Did you not see the fuckery that blew up everywhere?
I just saw that it was somebody I didn't see.
It was the same people.
It was some, it was, it was fucked up, but, um, you know what?
Props to the city for banding together to stay safe and, uh, find the guy and well, they killed one and arrested the other guy who's like half alive right now.
So maybe they'll be able to get some answers.
Let's hope these crazies were acting alone, you know?
Right.
Let's hope they weren't part of something bigger.
And that's, that would be even more fucked up.
May I add something to that please?
Please.
Um, also the F you to the people who were going around and showing people on the internet that had absolutely nothing to do with it.
I'm pointing fingers at them because it got a few innocent people arrested.
Yeah.
Everybody wants to be a crime.
So everybody's a little bit Nancy Drew.
Stick to the video games.
Don't be the Hardy boys.
Bobby Hammond interview with a very nice developer who's making crime games.
And if you want to go solve crimes, go play her games.
I do have to agree though that major kudos to the Boston police.
All right.
But also F you to CNN.
God, they fucked up this week.
Anyway, they've been CNN earns fuck up of the year already for me just because of how shitty their coverage is.
I go to BBC for my news.
I just, I just wait for the official press conferences because I, the thing I cannot stand, I cannot stand about situations like this is when there's a lull in actual news.
It's let's talk about the why.
Let's theorize on all this crap we don't know about what, why did they do it or make up these theories?
That's the stuff that drives me bonkers when it comes to news.
I think you played video games.
Well, there was that story around about the Moroccan kid who they pulled in because he happened to be there and happened to have a black bag.
He was a runner himself and not in the thing, but he was watching the marathon because it was his passion.
Inspiration.
It's just, it's the whole profiling mentality.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm really, Oh God, I got into it with my mother today too.
I was super disgusted over that sort of closed minded mentality that, Oh, they, why?
They must be in trouble.
Fuck that.
Fuck that.
When you literally cannot get, literally cannot get more Caucasian than these guys.
They were from the caucus mountains.
Hi.
That is like Uber Caucasian.
That is literal Caucasian.
I am with Misty.
See shit like this is why I stick to the bloody weather channel.
Amen.
It's going to rain.
You know what?
I'm about ready to sign up for that group going to Mars.
Fuck this planet.
I'm gone.
Not the show.
I will find a way to Skype from Mars.
Just saying.
Can we move on to more gaming news?
Let's talk about green people instead of white people.
Loki.
Uh, yes.
So they have a mod for Skyrim that turns the Argonians into Ninja Turtles.
That looked frightening.
And then if you don't want to be Argonian, you can put the shell on yourself and you
could be like some strange cat turtle or some chick turtle.
The dude that they have in the picture here looks kind of like the rock wearing turtle shell.
He's like, what?
I'm totally serious about this.
But yeah, you can check that out.
It's, I don't know if it's on ModDB or if it's actually one of the, it's probably
on ModDB.
And then, or Skyrim Nexus.
Yeah, Skyrim Nexus is where it's at.
And yeah, check it out if that's your thing.
And maybe this gives you an idea of what the new Michael Bay movie is going to look
like.
Because it's terrible.
Alright.
Well, one more story for you guys before we get to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or
a username on Skype, OrangeLawnTradio.
This is pretty cool.
A new album being produced for record label Game Chops.
It's called World 1-2.
It's not just about Mario.
It's about, it's about kind of like what's new and what's going on in, in, uh,
bit rock and all that stuff right now.
Uh, including people like super hexagon composer, Chip Zell, um, Manami Matsumae who is, who
did Mega Man.
And we talked about also doing some tracks for Shovel Knight, uh, Austin Wintory contributing
to this.
Akira Yamaoka, apparently going to be on this too.
I would marry that man.
Uh, the album comes out May 2nd for $10.
You can check out some of the tracks, uh, on the website music.gamechops.com.
Uh, the full URL is slash album slash world dash one dash two.
But I'm sure if you get yourself to music.gamechops.com, you'll get to see some of this.
Now, sadly, we can't preview the Akira Yamaoka track for you because it's not there, but
I could try to play a little bit of this.
This is the Manami, um, Matsumae song, one shot, one kill.
Matsumae.
Excuse me.
Can I play this?
I won't let you.
I want to play a little bit of it, but it's not working.
LOL Live Radio.
Crap.
LOL Live Radio.
Let me see if one of these others will work here.
Let's try this Chip Zell track real quick.
Da da da da da da.
Live Radio.
Yeah, it won't work for some reason.
Go to the, you gave them the website.
They can listen to it if they want to.
You can check it out for yourself.
After they've listened to us.
So.
Or you can try to run both at the same time, but it might give you a headache.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to give us a call, that would be awesome.
We'll talk.
We can talk about whatever tonight.
I know it's, we're ending.
We're getting to the last part of the show a little sooner than usual, but let's be real.
Like the last few shows have all been like three and a half hours.
So now I can go get my grocery shopping.
Right.
Well, we'll see.
We still might have some calls coming in that, um, could be a good time.
So again, 1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Uh, last minute stories.
Loki.
I don't know if you have anything tonight.
I just, I'm shopping on steam.
I picked up a surgeon simulator.
Of course you did.
And they also have a double pack of breath of death seven and kazoo blue saves the world for 99 cents.
Hmm.
So that's not bad.
Not bad at all.
And the portal games were on super sale this weekend.
Yeah.
But I already have portal.
Who does?
I would think most of our listeners pick that up by now, but if you didn't, for whatever reason,
I mean like I was surprised it's not 99 cents yet.
It's they'll probably give it away.
They gave portal away literally at one point and I'm sure portal to portal to right.
And I think was at a 50% off sale.
Hmm.
Um, just a few days ago.
Oh yeah.
I think that's the whole one this weekend anyway.
Yeah.
All right.
We do have a call coming in.
So let's get to the phones.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hola.
Bienvenido.
Hey, this is excellent.
Hey, excellent.
How you doing?
Hey, doing good.
Oh, long time.
You'll talk.
How are you?
I've called in here.
Happy a last week.
Thank you very much.
That's been awesome.
500.
That's very, a lot of episodes.
So.
We're so old.
I was calling in because I was decided by Earthbound, but I was a little disappointed
because during the announcements for it, they were saying that it was coming for the Wii
U and I was hoping that it was also going to come for that for the 3DS because I do
own the 3DS for that and that is one of my favorite games playing well growing up.
I don't count out the 3DS, but I have a feeling they know a lot of people want Earthbound
and so they'll probably keep it exclusive to Wii U because if you could even sell a
handful of consoles to people that really want to play it again, they'll do it.
Again, I don't know why you just wouldn't get a Super Nintendo and get the cart, but
the cart is not exactly, I mean, it still goes on eBay for like 150 bucks.
I just like the portability of it.
I like the fact that usually when I go to work, sometimes I take the bus and stuff,
so it's kind of nice to have it so when I do the bus trips, it usually takes about 30,
40 minutes.
I can just sit there and just level up my character or do whatever it takes, just play
and have fun with it.
Why won't Nintendo just open it up so you buy one, get them on all consoles?
That would be the great, you know, they're still making money not doing it that way.
You know, they should take that, but then again, that's a playbook either Sony too.
Sony kind of does that with some of their games with the PSP to the PS3 or vice versa
kind of deal to that.
So I mean, I don't know about the Vita.
They have done some cross play.
They have done some cross play that's pretty awesome.
Like what?
Retro City Rampage had it and you know, the fighting game, the Super or the All Stars
PlayStation battle royale.
I was referring more to the fact that like you buy some like their quote unquote arcade
games or lower end games like the pinball and stuff that you can actually play on both
systems without worrying about rebinding it like six times.
So I got nothing against it because believe it or not, here in the household here between
me and my girlfriend, we had bought Plants vs Zombies like six different times for six
different, almost six different forms of platforms.
I think a lot of people did.
So you know, I do look forward to that.
Also really quickly, Rob, you really love League of Legends.
I would love to sit there and play with you.
I think you would have a lot of fun with that over DOA.
DOA is just, the game is a lot of fun.
There is a lot of different stuff they did with that through Steam and the Steam workshop
but also to the player base on there is a horde compared to that of League of Legends.
I swear I'm going to give League of Legends the good old once over but I got to finish
up a game.
I got to write a review for it first and then I can get into League of Legends over the
next week while there's still not a lot going on for me in WoW right now.
Well, it's one of those games where it's nice enough where I can go in there and play
a game for an hour or two and not worry about anything.
Like right now I'm level 19 out of 30 so I'm working my way up to 30 right now but
it's nice enough where I can sit there and play a game or two and not worry about that.
You know, I have to worry about subscription fee or anything like that on some other games
like WoW or something.
What worries me most about League of Legends though is the other people.
I hear the community is really awful in League of Legends.
No offense to the fans out there but I have heard your community is really awful.
There is a lot of people that are really awful in the game but there's also a lot of good
people in the game.
But WoW is not that much worse.
Look at the people on there from Cal and stuff.
I mean, it's just the horror stories I can tell you just sitting here talking about that.
But that's with any game in general.
You're going to have the good along with the bad.
That's the fun of it like playing with friends and stuff.
That way you don't have to worry about that so much.
It's like one of those things where if you do something wrong or something people will
point it out saying, hey, by the way, you do not do this right.
You should do this instead.
Just follow this or go here and look at this.
It's kind of like they do in WoW and it's kind of nice to know that there is a lot of
people that is willing to work as long as there is a lot of good as there is bad with
a lot of games.
I will give League of Legends a serious try.
I've fired it up a couple times but I haven't done anything serious with it but I will take
my friend's offer to help school me a little bit on it and I'll let you guys all know
how it turns out.
But give me a couple weeks.
Give me a couple weeks.
Like I said before, if you need any pointers or anything, I'll be more than happy to
How about I kick your ass at it?
Yeah, okay.
You want to do that, that's fine.
Be more than happy to do that.
Play a one-on-one game with you.
I can stream it on Twitch like everybody else.
It'll be fun.
All right.
Excellent.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
That's pretty much about it for right now.
All right.
We'll have a good one.
I was going to get my input out of Earthbound and stuff.
I'm also kind of worried too, the wondering what they're going to do because now they're
announcing this out for so many years.
I'm kind of wondering if they're going to sugarcoat it or take stuff out or what they're
going to do to replace it because I know a lot of the issues they were having with
that was with the music.
So I'm kind of curious to know what they're going to do to get around that.
I am very curious as well to see if it comes out unedited or if they make any changes.
It will be very interesting because they're not going to announce it until it's already
out.
So we'll see.
Yeah, of course.
So that's probably an E3 thing too.
As long as the happy, happy cultists are still there.
They're my favorite.
All right.
I'm sure it will be.
They remind me of Shane because everything has to be blue.
Blue, blue, blue, blue.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You have a good night, man.
I'll talk to you later.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
1877 game OLR or a username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
I am still, by the way, singing the praises of Drunken Robot Pornography.
Oh, yeah.
You've been raving about that game on Steam and all that.
Everyone needs to play it.
It's hard as hell, but fun.
It has a catchy theme song.
It has a very catchy theme song.
Have you played it?
No.
You need it.
How much is it?
That's not bad.
All right.
Let's go to the next call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
That's the one and only Ranma.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
Hi, John.
Hey.
I'm doing good.
I'm doing good.
I saw that Dark Sakura made some new album art for Anime Jam Session.
It looks good.
Yeah.
I mean-
She wants to fix the misspelling.
No.
She took my idea and just took it to the next level because that was not what I was expecting.
I'm just like, the entire staff pretty much loves the new logo.
Great.
Well, I'm glad that you like it.
Now tell people to hire me.
I did.
If you go to the official Facebook page, there is a link to your fan page where people can
contact you for commissions.
There you go.
Well, I would appreciate that.
Trust me.
I did not mean to derail your call with singing the praises of Dark Sakura.
What's on your mind tonight?
I did though.
It's a couple of things.
It's a little bit different from what you were talking about.
It's something I've been meaning to bring up in conversation prior.
Okay.
I remember Loki bitching about Smart Glass and truth be told, I understand where he's
coming from, but my thing is with Smart Glass and the new upcoming Xbox, I'd like to see
Microsoft use more Smart Glass integration when playing games.
I'd also like to see Sony get on the bandwagon with the PS4 because truth be told, not everybody's
going to have a Vita and if you're going to be beaming stuff to the Vita, which its
operating system is slightly similar to Android, maybe we can get a little app on our tablet
so we can have a little fun with that too.
I'm not sure it can work as fast as say a Wii U because a Wii U uses that whole dedicated
broadcasting channel to transmit to the pad.
It's a lot different than the technology in something like Smart Glass where your little
iDevice beams to your wireless and the Xbox or whatever is on that same device, everything's
kind of running through your router.
It actually slows things down a lot so it's not like your device can be a controller suddenly
or anything like that.
It's not going to work like that.
I wouldn't want it as a controller but like a secondary screen or something like that.
The weird thing about it is that that's what I always thought Smart Glass was supposed
to be and Smart Glass was really implemented poorly.
It's another example of something that Microsoft really half-assed.
They put on a great show at E3 and then they half-assed their way through it.
Connect Labs is another great example, Game Room.
They half-assed a lot of this shit, they didn't see it, XNA, sorry about it, but they didn't
really give it the due that it deserved.
The vision camera.
The vision camera, I mean the list goes on and on.
Just add Smart Glass to the list, it's really unfortunate because you kind of see the potential
there, especially with it being such a media device.
Then watch, at E3 this year when they're selling their little dedicated channel, they're going
to push the second screen technology again, they're going to push Smart Glass again.
But I really hope to hell someone calls them out on it like, well wasn't this supposed
to be there already and like what?
A handful of movies have it and then Dance Central and Halo.
And all Halo does is launch what is a separate app anyway.
You can download it as a separate app.
And I still can't, you know, Forza or whatever, that's another one, Forza Horizon uses it,
I still can't on my Android device actually pull up the map.
It doesn't have any of that actual Smart Glass function, it's just, hey look, Xbox apps,
we renamed the Smart Glass.
Smart Glass ought to be a hell of a lot better than it is, and it's really disappointing.
I mean they could be doing these, like it might not be fast enough to be controllers,
he can't even do like little submenus and things like that, but why not maps of levels
that you're playing?
Like static images that change, you know, it just, it blows my mind how ridiculous it
is.
And you're right, and I don't mean to cut you off, but you're right, but because of
the WiFi frequency, I mean, it is not as fast, but it gets up there because Smart Glass is
pretty much like an over-glorified controller.
That's pretty much what it is.
Hell, I use my tablet to tell it to play videos on YouTube on my TV through to 360 or to PS3.
That is awesome.
You know, it's pretty cool.
You know, pretty fast.
Here's the thing though, the new system is supposed to be running on Bluetooth versus
this WiFi thing, now they can have an app that directly communicates with it via Bluetooth
instead of over WiFi, and so you're going to have less latency, and you can do more
amazing things with it.
Well, E3 is going to be Microsoft touting all these features again, but we'll see
how many of them actually, excuse me, actually get implemented to its fullest.
Yep.
All right, anything else you want to share with us today?
I have a funny Paxi story.
Okay, go for it.
So we're all in one of the rooms, we're all sitting there, you know, we have our 3DSs
out, we're, you know, we're swapnoting and cross-friending and all that cool stuff.
And then Bobby happens to, you know, walk out of the room because he had to go take
care of something.
One of my friends in the room, he's going through his friends list, and he's like,
oh, Bobby Blackwell, I'm friending with him now.
Now, he just said it very nonchalantly, now the entire room just gets quiet and looks
at him.
And he's like, what?
I say, um, that was Bobby Blackwell.
He just walked out the room.
So this is somebody that was like a fan of the show that had no idea that Bobby was the
right in front of him?
My friend Paul, who goes by the name of Oshie, he used to be, I think he used to be like
a mod on the G4 forums in the chat room, so they go way back, so it's like, he didn't
realize that was Bobby in the room.
That's funny.
And we kind of raised, we kind of gave him hell for that the whole weekend.
That's funny.
Especially through this radio thing, I've met some people and they're like, you know,
you don't look anything like you sound, and I'm just like, all right, how do you respond
to that?
I think Bobby looks like a Bobby.
I don't know how to respond to that.
Is that an insult or a compliment?
It could go either way.
Rob, I still remember that cat to come walking around in the dealer's room, not even five
minutes in, the guy goes, you're Rob Roberts from Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah.
Blush.
Yeah, that happened.
You remember when we were at John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza and one of our listeners was
there?
Hi, listener!
It's a very nice, like, it's an uber compliment, but one thing to remember, guys, like, I'm
not Tom Cruise, okay?
I'm really-
Thank God!
Thank God I'm not.
But I'm really-
You're like more Tom Cruise.
I'm a fan of video games just like the rest of you guys, so like, you know, when people
are like, oh my God, you're Rob, I'm just like, yeah, I'm Rob, hey, how you doing?
Tell me about yourself.
You know?
You've been listening to me for all this time, tell me about you.
So yeah, it's very humbling, but very flattering.
Cindy.
All right.
Well, I'm going to let you go, Rama, to see if anybody else comes through, okay?
You got it, bro.
All right, take care, buddy.
You too.
All right, Trun Trun.
Later.
All right.
1-877-GAMO-LR, or username on Skype is Orange- You all right over there in the kitchen?
Allen's making a mess.
All right, let's go to some tweets, twitter.com slash O-L-R. Tiger Claw is sending us a tweet.
You guys might have read about this in the news.
LulzSec member sentenced for Sony Pictures website hacking.
Yeah, they went after some of those guys that were involved in that and it looks like they've
sentenced a few of them and one of them for the hacking of Sony Pictures website.
Not related to the Sony PlayStation network hack though, right?
No.
Different, right?
Interesting.
Let's go to the phones.
We have one more call coming in we'll take.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Prince Brightstar.
Hey, Prince Brightstar.
Hi.
How are you?
Doing good, yourself?
Good.
Now, you are the listener that was listening last week and you're like, this is my first
show in a long time, but I remember when you came to visit a very long time ago, right?
That's right.
Summer of 2003, I think.
To put it in perspective, you were out here at the tech TV buildings, right?
Right, exactly.
This show's-
And I'll never forgive Comcast for what they did.
I know.
Isn't it weird now that that's all really, really over, huh?
I know.
But, you know what?
Props to Attack of the Show for the ending.
That was a very nice way to end the show with the nod to a Leo Laporte and Alex and so forth.
Yeah, and I know Leo Laporte is still doing his podcast and such, and I think Chris Parilla
is doing live streaming.
Yeah, they have a studio in the North Bay out in Petaluma, I think it's located.
Everybody I know went over there for something, and yeah, so it's cool that they still kind
of have all that in the Bay Area.
It might not be in the city, but it's, you know, they're producing great content outside
the city.
Right.
Anyhow, I didn't mean to derail you, but what's on your mind tonight?
So once again, I did want to wish you congrats on the 500th episode.
Thank you.
Can you believe we're still here?
I know.
I feel old, and I need to see if I can find the old episode where I was there.
Do you remember what episode number it was?
I do not.
I know it was summer of 2003, but that's all I remember.
Two tips for you.
There is the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki, which is orangeloungeradio.wiki.com, and Dark Tetsuya
has put together an awesome little summary of like every single episode, so if you look
at the summer of 2003, you might find the topics, and you might go like, oh, I was there
when that happened.
And then there's another website, and Dark Tetsuya will correct me if I'm wrong on this,
but I think it's OLRxiv, I think it's O-L-R-C-H-I-V-E dot T-K.
I think he had to change the forwarder, so he'll give me the new address here in chat
in a minute, but look forward to the VOG Network forums, look for Dark Tetsuya.
He has the OLRxiv, and there's a lot of old episodes they have up on like a SkyDrive somewhere,
so there's a lot, a lot of old shit.
Gotcha.
You might find it.
All right, I'll have to check them out.
Thank you for the hookup, by the way.
Thank you.
There it is from Dark Tetsuya.
O-L-R-C-H-I-V-E dot L-Y, so bit.ly slash O-L-R-C-H-I-V-E.
So if you want to, and this goes out to the general listenership as well, if you want
to hear what Orange Andrado sounded like back in 2003, you can check that out.
But I do want to, I always kind of put this out there.
It was a very different show back then.
I was busy reading Harry Potter anyway.
So part of the reason why I'm calling here tonight as well, Dark Sakura, I just sent
over the details for Phantasy Star Online 2 for you.
But there's something on my mind aside from that that I kind of want to get out there.
It's got me a little bit worried here.
What did I do?
Regarding that game, it was announced that it was supposed to come out here in the West.
And then we rolled past the release date and all Sega had to say was, it's delayed and
nothing else.
And that's not the first time that this has happened.
Colonial Marines, that just happened as well for the Wii U.
Obviously that's under a different company, but it's got me wondering what's up with the
management because there have been other incidences with Sega recently, such as the recent Shining
Force debacle back in November.
It's kind of got me wondering what's going on there and are we potentially seeing Sega
of America closing soon?
When has Sega had good management in the US?
I am hoping you are just out here yelling the sky is falling, which is perfectly valid.
You have good reason for thinking that.
But I would say E3 is kind of Sega's chance to be like, alright, put it out on the table.
What's coming?
Is Phantasy Star 2 on that list or not?
And if it's not, then I would start to get worried.
But I kind of think that's the type of thing they keep in their pants till E3.
I seriously think that Sega is still going to have a US presence regardless, even if
they have to cut back operations here.
Well sure, a lot of Japanese companies still have an American presence in the games industry.
True.
They may have the translations done in-house at Sega of Japan, but I was just at PAX East
recently, they did not have a booth there.
So that's part of what's got me thinking this.
That is, I mean, PAX is kind of hit and miss.
It depends if they have something to show or not, but you know, there are some companies
that don't really do PAX.
I mean like, take Blizzard for example.
They were there at PAX East because they had something to show with this whole new like
Hearthstone game, but they don't usually do these cons.
Well Blizzard is like, LOL, we'll do our own cons.
But yeah, that's actually just it.
They don't usually do these things, so they kind of do it when it's convenient for them,
which I don't blame them for.
For the record, I would go to SegaCon.
Just saying.
Agreed.
Well, what are we missing?
You're playing Phantasy Star Online 2 obviously, what are the rest of us missing?
I really want to check it out at some point.
You mean in the game or other games?
Yeah, in the game.
In Phantasy Star Online 2, how is it?
It is what I would consider to be a very faithful upgrade from the original game that came out
back in 2000.
The character creator is, I'd say, even better than what you get out of Skyrim.
The level design is superb in that even though it's randomized, it's still got a lot of
familiar elements, and you can just randomly encounter a boss outside of the boss nets.
It's just crazy.
Does this mean that you can make the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in Phantasy Star Online 2?
I doubt it, but can I still headshot a Rappy?
You can definitely spend at least an hour per character just building it.
How many Rappys can I expect to kill?
Tons.
Yes!
I hate those things.
And they still play dead and then get back up and you can shoot them again or whatever.
My friend actually spent $100 to buy a Rappy plushie.
Is there a big English-speaking presence on the game?
Are there a lot of people like you who are playing it even though it's not out in this
country?
Not only is there an English presence, there is a fan patch available for English so that
you can translate a good bunch of the game into English.
That's pretty awesome.
That's a fan thing.
That's not something Sega sanctioned, right?
Exactly.
Basically, people got fed up with how long it was taken, so they just ran with it, basically.
Fan communities do amazing things.
I honestly don't see Sega really having too big of a problem with it, to be honest.
Because, I mean, remember the support that they gave when they closed down the original
Phantasy Star Online servers?
That's true.
They did open up the Japanese form.
Exactly.
But they also provided US players with the data for their character to transfer to private
servers.
I didn't think that happened.
I thought that was something that fans were hoping for.
No.
Because I was going to do it, but I ended up just sort of not caring because I hadn't
been playing Phantasy Star Online for a little while.
But they were allowing full character transfers into private servers.
It was a limited window that they did it, but they had it available.
I'll have to look that up again.
All right.
Well, Prince Brightstar, thanks so much for the call.
It's good to hear from you for so long.
So welcome back.
Yep.
I'm probably going to be here every week for a good bit here.
Awesome.
Appreciate the support.
Well, you have a good one.
Okay, buddy?
You too.
All right.
I think that's really awesome for somebody that's like, you know, I fell out of the habit
or whatever.
Real life gets in the way and you don't end up listening to the show anymore.
It's cool.
But then it's like, after all this time, it's like, wow, I came back and y'all are still
here.
And it hasn't really changed that much.
You know, it's a really awesome thing to hear.
So thank you very much.
We outlived Tech TV G4.
All right.
Let's see if we get a few more tweets out here.
I don't know if there's any other last minute stories, but quickly, some more tweets from
Tiger Claw.
Centipede creator sees lack of diversity in the game industry.
Hmm.
Is that just because it's SQL SQL SQL SQL milking out the IPs?
That's my assumption here.
Hold on.
I'm bringing up the article here.
Why would anyone be surprised by that?
I haven't seen these because they're tweeted to me.
It's also depending on where you're looking.
I mean, if you're looking at mainstream gaming, then yeah.
Okay.
Here's the headline they're pulling that quote from or I mean, here's the quote they're pulling
the headline from.
So much progress has been made in the development cycle and the way games are developed.
This is according to industry button Dona Bailey.
It seems there hasn't been enough progress in the diversity of game designers and gender
equality for game designers.
Hmm.
Hmm.
That does make sense.
And I probably totally butchered the name.
It's probably Donna Bailey, but I said it wrong because it's spelled a little differently
than what I'm used to.
So Hmm.
Well, sadly, it's something you know, it's not like we haven't heard it before.
But I think the best way to help combat that a little bit is prove some of these analysts
wrong.
The people that say that, you know, the masses won't support a game with a strong female
lead and so forth.
It's important that and I'm not saying you have to support a game just because it has
a female lead.
Find the one that you like and really rally behind it and you know, gather support for
it and so forth and show these guys they're wrong.
I honestly think that we need to see more games that give you a choice.
Hmm.
Well, I made I made this comment during Bobby show and I think it's it's worth kind of exploring
a little bit.
I'll bring this up with you, Jamie, is that it's obviously part of a larger problem with
society and my whole thing is that let's take the dude bros who buy Xbox and I'm totally
stereotyping here guys bear with me.
Let's take the dude bros that buy their Xboxes because they're only interested in Madden
games and the basketball games and all the sports games that come out every year.
Well, you can't play as a woman in Madden, but that's not video games fault.
That's football.
Right.
So I mean, but what if the NFL were to have a woman come into the league someday?
You know, there's a woman that that is that that is a strong football player and you know,
gets on a team and now you can play as a woman in Madden that that right there would break
down a barrier.
It would.
But I don't see it happening just because of that.
I mean, we're in a total patriarchal society right now.
Not just right now.
We've always been.
And it's completely disgusting.
And I'm going to say one thing that there are there there are degrees of this physical
expectation that's put out for sports.
But I've seen some women's NBA players who could totally school guys.
I mean, I don't see why we don't have an integrated team.
You look in the four and you hate to go refer to the movie, but you remember a league of
their own.
Yeah, sure.
That should happen where all men were in war.
They had female baseball teams fully on.
And then the WNBA is a thing.
Well, yeah, it is.
But I mean, I'm saying that it's not like we haven't had a precedent for having women
in sports or even having integrated sports teams like that.
It's just that people have this notion that it shouldn't be done, that it can't be done,
that there's a big physical difference.
Say that you get China out.
OK, I hate to use it, you know, old wash up wrestler, but say you have China, who, yes,
true, she did lots and lots of steroids, but she's got the bulk.
She's got the strength for it.
She wrestles dudes.
Well, she did.
Isn't she in TNA now, I think?
Anyway, but I mean, you've got someone with that type of physical capability who can stand
up with the guys.
I think that if a person is physically capable of being a part of whatever that sport is,
whatever that event is, they should be allowed to be in it without having to deal with judgment
because of their gender or because of any other factor.
By the way, I did close the Skype line for now.
I didn't mean to get on this discussion, but it's a good one.
So I'm sorry to those who didn't get through on Skype, but feel free to email us.
Mailbag at orangesontrated.com.
Comment from ShadowNextGen.
Has Dark Sakura seen how the UFC has started highlighting women's MMA?
The next season of the Ultimate Fighter has two female coaches that will coach both men
and women.
Just curious about your thoughts.
I actually don't watch much UFC.
I tried watching when, oh God, what was his name that was in WWF?
He, God, I can't, cause he was just like the most boring dude ever, but he was amazing
to watch.
I watched from UFC and then I think went back to UFC.
And I also watched when Brock Lesnar went to UFC for a little while, dude, he was vicious.
But I didn't really, I haven't kept up with it.
Let me ask a real weird question that might be a little bit.
And I'm not talking about Brock Lesnar, I'm talking about somebody else.
Let me ask you a weird question that might be a little bit off the wall and it might
even be a little bit difficult, but it's honestly something I'm wondering and I want to ask
a girl.
Okay.
Sorry.
I'm doing both.
Pay attention to me.
Okay.
But yes, it was Ken Shamrock.
So female sports people that have broken through, one of them I think of that I think a lot
of us think of is Danica Patrick in NASCAR, right?
Well, Danica Patrick is playable in a video game, but it's Sonic's All-Stars Racing, which
is a great game, but it's kind of cutesy lala.
You know, she's sitting there aside a lot of, you know, Sonic and a lot of cartoony
people.
Does this do the image of the woman in sports favors or does it hurt because, well, Danica
Patrick's in a game, but it's cutesy lala land.
Well, it's definitely not hurting her wallet.
Okay.
Props for that, right?
I don't look at it so much as a hindrance, although it is, I think going back to a little
bit more on the stereotype.
I think it's definitely getting her some, getting her exposure apart from just being
pretty awesome on her own.
I mean, aren't we now seeing like more women in NASCAR too, like more female drivers?
She's certainly not the last.
I know.
Well, I think that we, there was one who, God, I don't remember.
There's one who has, I think an F1 going into F1 circuit.
Dan would know more about this than I do since he watches Top Gear.
Yeah, I don't even really watch NASCAR, but I know about this one.
There's also that lady who sometimes goes on Jeremy Clarkson's show.
She's one of the hosts of British Top Gear and she's a driver.
She's amazing too.
Yeah.
And Bobby points out too, Danica wasn't the first female driver either.
She wasn't the first.
I just said she wasn't the last.
She wouldn't be left.
But my problem with Danica Patrick is that she is having to rely on stereotypes to keep
her popularity up.
You know, that whole, well, you got to show a little boob or you got to, you know, be
this.
You can't be just a talented driver.
You have to be a sex symbol too.
That I hate.
I hate, I hate, I hate.
And some people really, like you've got Rasteel UT in chat who says Danica Patrick didn't
break through because of her racing, she broke through because she sexualizes herself in
GoDaddy commercials.
So you've got, you know, people that kind of resent the whole T and A, if you will.
Well, I mean, and I'm even going to go into another, cause one of my heroes, cause you
know I've been trying to work out a lot more, is a weightlifter named Samantha Wright.
And she is adorable.
She's probably my height.
And I think that if I kept working out like she, you know, clearly does, I would probably
have, would be about the same build.
So she's been, I've looked at her because we do have a lot of physical traits in common.
I think that her body type would be a good ideal for me as far as working out and health.
Now she's getting all this extra attention because she is so absolutely adorable.
She is pretty.
She's pretty hot.
I mean, I will say that, but there've been other female weightlifters who have been just
as, if not more talented, if not stronger than her.
And if you look at people who are actually physically strong, and I'm not talking about
the people who, you know, are those muscle competitions, cause they starve themselves
to nothing.
They are at their least healthy when they're at a show.
You look at the actual strong people, the people who do the strong man contest who are
pulling semis with their body weight, they're built like trunks.
And the women who participate in these, they're built like, you know, complete.
It's funny you bring up the bodybuilding because it brings to mind one of, I think a great
example of where there were very memorable men and women in this, and I'm using this
term very loosely with my quotey fingers, sport, American gladiators.
Yeah.
Cause there were memorable men and women on that show.
I mean, it was really like an equal playing field of sorts.
I can tell you one thing about that, and just because I learned how to recognize it, oddly
enough when I worked at GNC, because we would have so many roided guys come in, teenagers
take in that andro because of, what was that stupid baseball player?
Fuck whatever his name was.
So anyway, there's a way to tell when a woman is roided.
There were some women on that show who were very naturally strong.
They looked like a strong woman.
You want to see what a woman looks like without steroids, who has worked out, who has a small
frame, Linda Hamilton and Terminator 2.
But I mean, I'm serious.
And that honestly, to me, people are like, oh, she looks so bulky.
I thought that was really attractive.
I thought that looking strong was a very good thing.
Yeah.
Martin McGuire.
Thank you.
Not Barry Bonds.
But then you had the other ones like, and I'm going to go back to using China.
A woman cannot carry that type of muscle structure naturally without having a genetic predisposition
towards it.
And you can tell how many people are augmented who have a breast enhancement surgery on top
of having taken steroids because it will very much give more masculine traits to a woman
because you're basically taking Jose Canseco.
I'm just giggling because some of our chatters are like, you know, AgDef's all sports lounge
radio.
I didn't mean to get this on this big tangent.
My whole point with this before we just kind of went on and on and on with it.
My whole point was the whole female leads in video games and we don't have enough of
them.
It's not right that that's happening.
But my point I'm making with it is that I think it's a reflection of a much larger problem
with society.
It's not specific to video games.
I didn't mean to go off on the other.
But no, no, no.
I mean, I think we agree.
Yeah.
The whole point is that, and this I think is going really towards anything, is that
unless you have, even the really brilliant women out there, like just even in academia,
are not drawing the biggest attention, are not being taken seriously if they don't also
have a certain type of aesthetic, you know, appearance to them.
And it's really a very sad thing because you can have, pardon me for saying this, the dumpiest
looking guy ever.
You can have neck bearded, you know, guy shorter than me waddling in and be taken completely
seriously just because he's a guy.
But if you had a woman who maybe was, you know, maybe a little overweight, maybe, you
know, a little gray, a few wrinkles here and there, even if she had three times the degree
this guy did and had done all this fantastic biomedical research, on appearances alone
she wouldn't be taken seriously by the majority of people.
And that's where I think that we're getting into the really sad part.
And it doesn't, and like I said, it's not just affecting our gaming world.
It's affecting culture across the board.
And I get absolutely so sick of living in this society sometimes just because of it.
I did think of another positive though.
I did think of another place where I think it's done well, where we get male and female
sports heroes that we failed to mention because this is one of the few sporting events I really
truly enjoy watching.
The Olympics.
Yeah.
I think the Olympics are great because you get a lot of, you get a lot of strong athletes
no matter what, you know, from all these different types of sports and great stories and things.
That's a great thing.
So.
But, you know, even then I hear, um, what was it on NBC?
Well, you know, the coverage of the Olympics this past one was dreadful to save the values.
Yeah, but that's, that's, that's, that's another issue.
But what I'm saying is that you, you get side commentary from people.
Like I would go and look at, you know, YouTube videos of some of the events because I wasn't
keeping up with it all the time.
And I would see comments, oh, well, she looks like, you know, a dude or she looks this or
she looks that.
I would go into a Southern accent when I imitate a stupid person, but, but you still
get that as trying to ascribe aesthetics to what should have nothing to do with it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyhow, tangent train, tangent lounge radio.
That was a good discussion though.
Sorry.
Oh.
And, uh, some of the chatters talking about tennis.
That is a really good example too.
Tennis.
Tennis has a lot of good people.
Mixed doubles is pretty fun actually.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So good, good job chatters.
All right.
Anyhow.
Rob turned on my ranty switch.
We'll be back with more details next week.
Mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com, but for now we have got to wrap up the show and say
good night.
Um, Oh, I didn't get, I may not have got all the Twitter topics.
I'm sorry.
Let me quickly try to grab some of these.
Uh, as Joan Hunter, Matt tweeting, one of the most popular card games is being made
into a game for three 60 Steve Jackson's munchkin.
I don't know.
Apparently a link on ain't it cool news of all places.
That site's been going on forever too.
So huh.
Very interesting.
Yeah.
Munchkin, the video game.
That's cool.
That'd be very cool.
All right.
That is, I'm going to put the, I'm going to put the phone down and no more Twitter topics
for tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR though.
If you want to send us stuff for the future, uh, I'll get off my feminist pedestal for
right now.
There's nothing wrong with it.
It was, it was a, it was a discussion that needed to be had.
All right.
Let's uh, let's wrap up though.
We're about done.
We're closing up shop for the night.
Loki, you've been quiet over there while dark soccer and I've been, yep, yep, yep, and uh,
did you have a good time tonight?
Yeah.
All right.
Good.
All right.
Do you have any final thoughts for listeners tonight as we're on our way out?
Uh, I'm probably not going to play Minecraft every single day this week.
I get boring since there's no one else on there.
Play two days this week.
Two or three.
Yeah.
That sounds good.
Um, so I guess I'll play some defiance then.
We should set up some time to live stream Minecraft.
That's that's where everything's going.
Like all of a sudden all the VOD people just got really into light.
Like Bobby's doing it.
Jamie's doing it.
I'm doing it.
Yeah.
See, that's the things I didn't know.
Like, I don't really know like when to be on when no one else is on.
Well, I think it's inevitable that some of us are like, I think I was trying to broadcast
when Jamie was on.
It's just, I didn't know she was, you know, like it's inevitable.
Some of us are going to step on toes, but I think it's a general rule of thumb.
We just try not to be live when a live, when, excuse me, a premier vlog show is on.
So like Monday nights are usually really bad, but you know, as long as we're not stepping
on the toes of, of you do commentary, do you do not?
Do you not do commentary?
What do you, what are you guys doing?
I mean, like I do commentary.
She does commentary.
Uh, when I was watching Bobby, he had very little commentary, but they, they have had
some commentary.
But the problem is though, is once again, it's the whole talking in the same room with
my wife.
She gets annoyed even if I'm in like in the back bedroom or something like that, it would
just, I could try it.
I'm sure it'd be fine.
Um, so yeah, I'll hopefully start doing some of that and maybe sell more games this week.
One of those being injustice on three 60.
Wow.
I was, I want it.
Oh wait.
All my friends have it on PS three.
Son of a bitch.
Yeah.
Cause I got a copy for free and I don't want it.
Um, so cause I don't, I don't mind the fighting games, so it'll start at, it'll start at one
penny tomorrow.
Act F says we were doing commentary yesterday.
I missed your stream yesterday cause I was out drinking.
Grandpa was in town from San Francisco buying me doubles.
I got a little more drunk last night and I did on the 500th episode.
Sorry it wasn't broadcast, but it's for the best.
Um, my final thought tonight is thank you all for continuing to listen to orange lounge
radio and showing up for an episode like five Oh one right after 500, uh, whether it be
live, whether it be podcast, appreciate your support.
And I think I forgot to say this last week, which was really stupid, but I want to say
as always, thank you for checking out the show.
And if you like what you hear, remember we don't ask for a lot.
Just tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word about orange laundry.
Tell a person who stopped listening five years ago, Hey, did you know those schmoes
are still on broadcasting and help bring people's back into the fold.
Help grow our family a little bit.
And last but not least, dark soccer.
Your final thought, um, down with the patriarchy.
There we go.
All right.
That does it for a this week here on orange lunch radio next week on the show.
I'm hoping we'll have some special guests here in studio.
Sounds like that's going to happen.
Very exciting.
Could be a long show next week and a pretty cool interview with, with two, two people.
I really enjoy next week.
So, uh, come, come here live, be here live to ask questions next week, six Pacific nine
Eastern.
We'll see you next time here at orange lounge radio for episode five Oh two.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
