Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, April 7th, 2013, one landmark game studio is shut down, Donkey Kong Country Returns will get a little easier, and one series of tweets rocks the gaming world.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 499, April 7th, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here to talk about video games and gaming news and gaming lols and so forth with my co-hosts. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Greetings and salivations. How you doing? I'm full. You're full? I'm full! What's that commercial? Full of useless knowledge and gas. No, Rob, again you're confusing me for your car.
My car has useless knowledge? No, your car's full of gas. Not right now it ain't. Well, the price is. Anyway, I did my customary stop by panda and I have eaten a panda.
Well, you shouldn't eat pandas. They're a species going extinct. Oh, because you know, when you think of panda bears, orange chicken is, you know, so representative of Chinese culture. Seriously.
If I go to China and order orange chicken, I wonder what kind of stairs I'm going to get. I've seen real Chinese food. I don't think orange chicken is among real Chinese food.
I told you the story about my ex and my ex's family when it got really awkward one night, right? Okay, wait, I'll tell us in a minute. First off, Techmaster Loki. Hi. How are you doing, Loki? I'm doing fine.
You ready to hear awkward stories about my ex? All right, let's go. All right, here we go. So my ex was Chinese, right? Is this the ex I'm thinking of? It's the infamous one that a lot of people are thinking of.
Okay, so my ex was Chinese, right? So one time we went to go meet his sister's, like his family, which was the sister and the husband and kids and all this. They lived in Hayward, question mark, somewhere over in East Bay, that area, right?
So the deal was we were going to go to Chinese food for dinner. And you know, they're all very out. They were all from Hong Kong, born and raised. I think he moved here when he was 10 and so forth.
So we went and you know, they had already ordered by the time we got there, I guess we got there a little late or something. And on the table is all this food. And a lot of it is like very seafood. And it's a lot of dishes I haven't really had before.
And like, there's like a fish on the plate with all the meat picked off in the bones. But I'm like, all right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be cultured, I'm gonna just have a little bit. So I'm putting just like a little bit of everything. I just pick up pick a little bit of everything and put it on my plate.
Not because like, I think it's gross. I just, you know, want to try it, make sure I like it before I put a little scoop. And so his sister looks over at me and said, and like kind of has this epiphany. Like you see this moment of like, Oh, no, and looks at me and goes, Oh, I'm so sorry. Should I should I order you sweet and sour chicken or something?
And I'm like, that's racist.
In a weird way. Should I order you sweet and sour chicken or something?
Well, she's trying to be considered I know, but it's like, I'm trying to just sample and we didn't order anything I ate. There was something there that I really liked. And I had a whole heap of it. Yeah, it wasn't bad at all.
See, I have no, if it's good enough for my ex, it was good enough for me. Okay.
When I was little in Alabama, I would go over to my friend Amnoi's house and her family's from Laos. And I have actually easier time eating Laotian food than actual real Chinese food. Because I really can't recognize much of anything I'm eating.
I'm all for I'm all for I love food, food, food is a great gateway to different cultures around the world. I will say though, probably the only cultures food I'm never having again is Filipino. Sorry. Sorry, guys.
But Rob, I thought balut was your favorite.
Nope. Nope. And some of those dishes. Nope.
Balut, Rob.
But if you like it, more power to you.
Have you ever heard of virgin boy eggs?
What's that?
Have virgin boy eggs?
No.
They are eggs that have been marinated in the pee of young children.
So how about we move on?
Yes. Let's talk about video games, shall we? How was your week, Loki? Do you have any funny stories that you want to tell?
Have any funny stories?
We had a week off last week. Did you have a good Easter?
Yeah, it was all right.
How was Josh's Easter? Because he's getting a little older and can probably appreciate all the candy now, right?
We don't let him have really much of the candy. He had plenty of like dessert and stuff. We just went over for brunch.
And yeah, that was pretty much it. Just kind of hung around.
Yeah?
Do you eat a lot of Easter candy? I was at Target the other day and it's all on sale. Half off.
No, not really. I didn't eat any. We got one of those hollow rabbits and I just haven't touched it.
Just don't care.
I heard there was some candy company suing another over those hollow rabbits or something. I'm probably like grossly simplifying it.
But anyway, we should probably get to gaming news. That's what you all signed up for.
But I do want to say hello and how you doing to everybody in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
The ever-present fourth guest on our show because of course we do tape live every Sunday nights at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com. 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern Sunday nights right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And some comments in our chat room there. Let's see. Technus saying, Glad you like Laotian food. Dark Sakura?
I actually really, really love Laotian food but the only time I've had it has ever been home cooked.
So I don't know if it's any different in formal cuisine or anything.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, I imagine Nelly isn't really that about the pure sugar toddler crash at Meltdown.
I'm sure she's fine without that anyway.
He had a lot of sugar yesterday. We went over to her parents house because they had a family over. A lot of people haven't seen him yet.
So he had some cake and stuff and there was a lot of sugar in that. He was jumping off the walls yesterday.
So what, he's going to be four? Three?
Three.
Have the terrible twos been that terrible?
He's been pretty, yeah it's not necessarily terrible but it's just they start testing their limits.
Tigerclaw in chat saying, Holy crap episode 499 the pressure is really high to make episode 500 the most memorable.
Don't set the bar too high you guys.
It's going to be all about DDR.
Don't put it too high.
There's a bar.
There comes a point.
You mean the bar we limbo under?
I'm going to let you all in on a podcasting secret. Alright?
So this goes out to all the you other podcasters out there and everybody that wants to know what it's like to do a podcast.
Alright so you celebrate one year, you celebrate 100 episodes, you celebrate two years, you celebrate three years, 200, 300.
You know there comes a point where you're just sick of celebrating. It's like birthdays.
Like after your 21st birthday you're like, what do I have left to celebrate? The fact that my car insurance went down.
Do you realize I take an entire week off for my birthday?
Maybe you're not the best example.
I am not the best example.
However I have gotten the confirmation from my BFF that we will be having red velvet brownies.
God Becky I love you.
I am buying the red food coloring because she will not.
Why not?
Because it's like, I don't know.
Is it that whole it's not safe thing?
I have no idea but she never has a reason for it but I found out that the recipe calls for two whole ounces.
Well I appreciate anyone willing to put their morals aside to ask.
I was going to the baking store to buy like a gallon jug.
That's why you need to use virgin blood.
It's just...
Virgin boy eggs?
Did I tell you the story about my friend Diane making a red velvet cake?
No but here we go with food again. We will get to games at some point.
We will get to games.
She was living in northern Alabama at the time and making a red velvet cake and the Jehovah's Witnesses knocked on the door.
And she had just gotten done cutting the cake with a butcher knife while listening to Tubular Bell.
She was at the door with a...
WHAT?!
This is the same person by the way who joined our wow guild a while back.
Oh fantastic.
Gwen.
Yeah I love Gwen. She was nice.
Yeah she told you all the embarrassing stories about me in college too.
So that is always whenever I think of red velvet I always think of the expression on her face when she told that story.
It was priceless.
Alright here's a good transition comment in our chat room from Critical Myth.
Live.FogNetwork.com saying,
This is foreshadowing isn't it? After 500 it's all about food and the video games they play while eating that food.
That's what it's been about. Where have you been?
And I wish to remind everyone, and I've told this story a billion times on the show, but how was OLR born?
Because Jamie, Matt and I all used to play DDR all night and then what did we do?
We went right over to the cafe in the parking lot and shoved our faces full of what?
Tortilla soup and mozzarella sticks.
And Matt with his glass of, not this one, remember Tall Matt?
Yeah. With his glass of Merlot.
Yes, Tall Matt. With his glass of Merlot.
I like a glass of Merlot and he always says Merlot.
He used to say Merlot.
Like suddenly he's French.
Alright anyhow.
Or how Dan goes, Merlot.
Tigercall on chat says, For episode 500 are you guys taking voicemails with messages for congratulating you guys?
That's really sweet but no.
Well we have something else planned and I'll talk about that later.
But my ego Rob.
You know what? You can send a message congratulating Jamie if that's what you want.
Yeah send me a message and send me money with it.
Alright. Again I'm just saying after so many episodes you have to mix it up a little bit.
Alright. Let's get into gaming. Yes it is a show about video games believe it or not.
I play more games Rob.
You play more games? Well we'll get into gaming week but we have to do the pre-gaming week banter.
Okay cool.
And since we were off last week this week's pre-gaming week banter will consist of last week's news set to holic.
It's a new segment.
Last week's news set to holic?
Yes it's a new segment we're debuting on OLR tonight. It's called last week's news set to holic.
And in this segment we will recap last week's news set to holic.
So here we go.
Last week's news.
Last week in gaming news the Phantom Pain was revealed to be Metal Gear Solid 5 to no one's surprise.
David Hayter apparently wasn't asked to be a Metal Gear Solid 5 but it's very interesting because he signed his letter about why he's not in it. April 1st.
So to be continued on that.
And I really thought it was strange that they went with Bobcat Goldway to do the voice but hey I trust them.
Why did you hear Bobcat? I thought they got Gilbert Gottfried.
On the Sony PlayStation 4 Game Developers Conference more information about friends, system sharing and the user interface.
Nothing too earth shattering I thought except the whole you have your PlayStation name and your real name but the real name comes off of Facebook.
Oh is that like YouTube where they're trying to get me to use my real name and I'm like no and they're like let's tell you more about this.
Oh I'm sorry there's no option not to do that.
Miyamoto teased that a Nintendo theme park could be a possibility.
But you know a lot of things could be a possibility.
Nintendo Land? Capcom wants to work with WayForward again.
But probably that will only happen if DuckTales actually sells a lot of copies.
Speaking of DuckTales Remastered it was announced that DuckTales Remastered is in consideration for the PC.
And lastly on Kickstarter, Big Blue from the Echo the Dolphin team trying to Kickstarter there.
There's something new.
There it is last week's news.
That Kickstarter is a little too tree hugger for me though.
We need to worry about the planet and all your stuff and we're not necessarily making a game.
Now listen if I wanted a game that was like Echo the Dolphin but not Echo the Dolphin.
Here's the next evolution in the game and it's already been made. This is the best part about it.
It's called Laser Dolphin.
Yes Laser Dolphin does exist and it's Echo the Dolphin with a giant fucking laser in your head.
And that's seriously what it is.
They have turtles with god damn dynamite stuck to them and stuff.
That sounds like my kind of game.
Laser Dolphin.
So what are we going to get next like the reboot of Colibri with a railgun?
Sure why not.
I'd play it.
Let's talk about the things that we've been doing this week in our gaming week.
Although honestly if you want to talk about the games you've been playing for the last two weeks I don't think anyone would be none the wiser.
Ladies first Dark Sakura how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was actually more than Mass Effect.
Oh my god.
She played something that wasn't Mass Effect you guys.
But I'm going to start with Mass Effect because I played Mass Effect 2 and Mass Effect 3 because I've been busy modding.
I'm actually also using Mass Effect 3 for art references.
I don't know if you saw the crap I've been posting.
I finally finally bought the game that we talked about on our British Friends podcast that we guested on last week.
I downloaded Drunken Robot Pornography.
It is the greatest game in the universe.
There's a quote for the back of the box.
Okay you know my overwhelming love for Jumping Flash.
It's like Jumping Flash with guns.
Not you know shooting carrots at things but like actual pew pew die lasers.
And what you have to do is you get these like ginormous big robots but you have to get a number of points before the robot will appear they're called titans.
And they have these long appendages and they shoot lasers everywhere and other shit tries to kill you and it's really fucking hard.
So I finally beat the second stage after a week of trying and I did it while live streaming so I didn't totally embarrass myself.
Okay I quit. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm not playing the game. I'm not going to do it live again until I'm sure I can beat the third level.
And then I got something else. Oh I finally went ahead and downloaded Gratuitous Space Battles but I haven't played it yet.
I just like the name.
And I'm still thinking about getting Hotline Miami just because all the blood and shooting shit. That's really fun.
Good times. I played well.
Oh that's right. I saw you log in the other night.
I was like well I'm paying for it. May as well play it.
That's right. I'm still debating quitting it. I might wait for another MMO that I am not supposed to let any indication out that I've actually seen it in motion.
So I'm waiting for that to come out before I reserve my judgment and see if I actually jump off the WoW bandwagon.
But it was kind of fun. There were people on so I like chatting. You were on one night and then somebody else was on in the guild.
Yeah the Hoard House Guild actually has a nice little file. It's not like a huge guild. We're not like the biggest guild in WoW by any means.
But we have a nice little group that plays there that's on.
Ha ha ha Raginator. I'll let you finish Dark Soccer but Magic 2013 is the greatest game ever. How about no?
Nope.
You know what I found though? We went to Dan's mom's house where most of the vault is in storage and I was tearing things up looking for my lightbox which I could not find.
I found a bag full of my art supplies but when I opened it to go through it when I got home I found a demo task for a Magic the Gathering card game.
Oh the old school one on PC?
The old school one. The demos that we got at E3 that first year.
Oh no that's not as old school. There was one I bought at Software Etc back in like 97 or 98. That game was bomb.
It came with the giant card from the Astral deck or whatever.
And you know what else I found in there actually speaking of Magic? I found my Japanese Legends.
The only set of my Magic cards that I never sold off.
Dark Soccer you might be a nerd. Just saying.
Duh.
So that was really it and yeah.
Then let's go to Loki. Loki how was your gaming week?
I was just about to link in chat room Laser Dolphin the game. It literally like the box art or the title screen is like the most ridiculous thing ever.
That is the greatest thing I've ever seen.
It is a dolphin.
Free download or you can buy it for 20 bucks. Please don't buy it for 20 bucks. That's really a waste of 20 dollars.
So let's see. This week I didn't play any Bioshock Infinite because I was playing other things.
I did end up playing quite a bit of Sings for the Third. Just trying to kind of 100% everything on the PC.
Although I don't know why because it's like I sort of did that or I almost did that on the 360 but then I got my save gone and I kind of got bored with it a little bit.
And I don't know I played through the trouble with clones that piece of DLC but man I'm so glad I didn't buy those like at full price because that thing took maybe like 30 minutes to go through.
It was three missions. Three missions and one of I mean the like last mission is kind of cool but it's just so quick.
Like the first mission you're searching for this clone of Johnny Gat who's actually this brute and then it just goes by so fast.
It's basically one of those oh someone's driving the car you have to fire the rockets out of the back.
Okay cool I've done that in like a bunch of other missions already.
Then the second mission you have a cross dressing guy who's singing some Aisha songs and then you have to fire this bee gun at people which is cool.
I like the bee gun but that's the only mission you get it in. You don't unlock it for playing like the rest of the game.
It's the only thing that you get that weapon in and it's stupid.
And then the last mission is kind of cool where you have the superhero powers it's kind of like almost like a preview of the four.
Aren't there a lot of video games where like there might be like a special stage and you're like why can't the whole game just be this?
Yeah well it's stupid that that gun is not in the rest of the game. I think they probably are trying to sell it as DLC or maybe we're going to incorporate it in the four or some garbage like that.
But see that's why I'm so cautious about Saints Row the four which I'm still buying when it comes out immediately just because I like Saints Row.
Saints Row the four?
I think we should call it Saints Row the fourth. Why not?
But yeah Saints Row four and you know I'm just so cautious about it because they're like oh yeah we have this big DLC plan.
Well all your DLC has sucked. It's really sucked. Like seven dollars for thirty minutes of gameplay is really crappy.
I mean that is just absolutely terrible. That's actually worse than movies. I mean you can't go to a theater and watch a movie for seven bucks anymore.
Maybe a matinee.
I was going to say matinees are $5.50.
But I don't really count that though because you have to buy popcorn. Popcorn counts. You have to have popcorn. You can't watch a movie without popcorn.
Okay anyway so I've been playing some of that and you know here's the other thing. I got really frustrated with one of the missions because I couldn't.
The lag or whatever from like rain and stuff was causing. My rockets weren't firing fast enough so thankfully since I'm playing on the PC version I can mod the weapons one.
They're up to my liking so I made my rocket launcher fire a lot faster and lock on a lot faster so it's now acceptable for my use.
Let's see what else. And then I played a little bit of, very little bit of Defiance. I spent most of the time doing the typical MMO launch stuff whereas installing the game and then updating the game.
And then I connected to the servers and played for about thirty minutes going through the tutorial portion of the game which is fucking boring.
And the game itself is not very exciting right now either but I mean I am in the tutorial section of the game so I don't expect it to be that exciting.
But like I noticed the enemies respawning like almost instantly like I shoot a guy and pops up another one I'm like okay that's a little weird but sure okay we'll go.
That happens in a lot of MMOs when they're first out though and the newbie areas are really camped you know.
It's just, it's strange. The thing I do like about it though is it's not necessarily a game that's just all stat based like Final Fantasy or I'm sure like WoW to a certain extent.
You actually, it will help you if you have first person shooter skills because you're actually aiming your weapon and firing and doing all the dodging and stuff like that so it's like a third person shooter but you know an MMO.
However because it is just launched and like anything that's online and especially with MMOs the servers were a little spotty and so I got kicked off the server about thirty minutes in and then I couldn't connect to it again.
I haven't really tried. I was gonna play this weekend but I forgot my hard drive that I installed the game to at my work and so I was unable to play it last night and today.
But I'm hopefully gonna get into it a little bit more this week and then I picked up Borderlands 2 on PC because it was twenty five bucks for the Borderlands 2 and the Season Pass and so I'm probably gonna start that again on PC even though I've beaten it twice on the 360.
They've upped the level cap didn't they?
Yeah but it just makes everything, it doesn't really do anything. It just makes the enemies harder. Like have more life.
Technus in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com wants to know is Defiance a buy once game or a monthly sub?
Buy once.
Nice.
Yeah so it's buy once and then you can play it for whatever and the other thing too is I mean if you're into if you want to kind of you know help yourself out the game there's the shift or not shift codes there.
These what do they call them? Arc codes or something like that? It's something that's tied in with the Defiance website and stuff.
If you find them or just go to the wiki that has all of them just enter it's gonna take a while you have to enter in a hundred and twenty of them but when you do you unlock a bunch of like starter stuff like new weapons and shit that'll help you out so I did that like a few weeks ago and so that helped me out quite a bit.
Although I haven't gotten any of that stuff yet but it's gonna help me out so whenever I get to that. But the game they say it's sort of like Borderlands I guess you know because the way it plays and it's sure a rip off.
I mean at the beginning it seemed like such a rip off of Borderlands like you start off and you're this arc hunter instead of a vault hunter and you know there is this AI person that's you know that only you can see that's helping you out.
Your imaginary friend?
Come on this is totally Halo and fucking Borderlands and it's like completely ripped the plots out of there. And the other thing and I don't know if this ties into those whole microtransactions for things.
The characters that you can create their character creator or whatever where you can tweak the appearance and everything sucks. It looks all like this really ugly old ass person and I'm thinking that you can buy better facial features or something like that later on.
Buy a better face.
Hey just like real life.
No seriously because it's like I couldn't get anything that looked interesting. It just all looked like this grizzly dude. I mean it's like okay here's the three different face types and it's like okay those are all crap. It's like different layers of you know crap.
So whatever you know I'm actually looking at the dude's face you know while I'm playing the game anyways.
But I don't know it'd be it'd be something I'm interested in. I'm just hoping more people I know are actually playing it because right now it kind of sucks just playing the game by yourself.
Extraverse partners playing it. That's the only other person I know that's playing it.
Yeah.
He seems to like it though.
Yeah. I'm just waiting to check it out. I mean hopefully it'll drop in price and then people will be able to pick it up because we're at 60 bucks on PC. It's kind of expensive game can be a shameless rip off and still be fun.
That's true.
It's just I didn't have high standards for it anyways or a high high bar set for because it's based off a sci fi show. I mean come on it's sci fi.
Hey no one's expecting like gold from sci fi. It's just you know what sci fi shows are like.
I wish it was as awesome as the sci fi movies they do like shark to push and that would be kind of cool.
By the way who doesn't want to play an MMO like shark to push or just like a sci fi movie like a weird monster.
I said years ago they should make those sci fi movies into games and people would eat that shit up.
I almost bought you that giant robo shark versus giant octopus or whatever movie it was awesome at a dimple.
Is that the one with Deborah Gibson.
I don't know. It's the one where the shark eats the airplane.
Yes that one rule.
It was six bucks a dimple and I came really close to getting it.
And I got to say that the woman the woman alien that they have in the show and I understand she's not supposed to be like this sex symbol or whatever in this thing.
She is fucking ugly. I mean she is the ugliest like weirdest looking alien thing ever. It's like this dreadlocked man woman thing.
I don't even know what it is. It's just weird.
She probably thinks humans look weird too.
It's just like I just like oh I couldn't possibly watch this show and have to stare at this thing.
Yeah. I always love an excuse to play a clip from mega shark versus giant octopus.
Holy shit.
Okay I have to get this movie.
Okay Rob.
Rob we need to we need to we need to get that movie.
And I have Battle Royale in blue right now.
Oh yeah nice.
We need to do the really stupid violent movie.
Birdemic 2. They're making a sequel to Birdemic. I don't know if you heard Birdemic shock and awe.
It was this movie where this guy thought it was actually really good and their CG birds are like clip art birds like Jif birds that fucking flip.
And the guy literally thinks that his movie is so fucking fantastic and they wanted a sequel and he did the birds exactly the same way.
They're just shit. It's absolute shit.
That's what this that's what the station needs you know. We need a shitty movie podcast.
It's funny you should bring that up. I I I I I was gonna do a joke and it's gone. All right let's move on.
Do you have anything else for your gaming week.
No that's it. Oh my son played Angry Birds.
It's a slippery slope.
Is it his first game.
Yeah he sort of figured I mean he had it a little bit I had a video of him trying it out because his cousins were there and so they were showing him on his on their iPads and he started doing it OK.
And then he started launching him backwards so I don't really know if he gets the game yet but it's a slippery slope man ice.
Those kids are so fucking into Angry Birds man that is just some scary cultish shit plays it too and it takes over their lives.
He also has gotten pretty good Pac-Man.
Oh cool like Championship Edition or old school.
Like whatever the Flash version on that education site that he goes on is but it's like a it's Pac-Man.
And which Angry Birds you say. Well he started off playing Angry Birds seasons but then he tried Angry Birds Star Wars. They had all of them so you know.
Of course. Of course.
Back in my day you played number munchers and you liked it.
All right. You should get Josh an Apple 2e. That's what you should do. Make him learn like we did.
All right. My gaming week I actually played a few new things this week.
So the first thing I want to talk about is Harmonite which is a downloadable title on the 3DS.
It's a little bit of a music game kind of interesting because it's a music game but the music in the game is just made by simple platforming mechanics.
You automatically run and you can jump or you can attack and like usually attacking is like a drumbeat and jumping will make you know make the actual notes if you catch the actual pattern of the notes.
But there's branching sometimes in the stages that allow different things to happen.
And some of the stages it kind of changes the mechanic a little bit where you have left right up and down in it too.
And it is just like Space Channel 5 which was kind of awesome.
So Harmonite is kind of like a little bit of a platforming music thing meets Space Channel 5 and that's pretty cool to me.
And some of the 3D effects pretty good. It's made by the guys who make Pokemon.
So that's kind of interesting that you know they have some stages that will have like the gym battle theme and some of that stuff but that's kind of whatever that's all.
I don't I don't super care about that stuff but I know there's some people that get really excited about it.
So yeah. So I liked Harmonite for 15 bucks. Not bad. And you know I love music games.
Not a lot of like multiplayer mechanics or anything like that so it is very much a single player game but I think you know 15 dollars is an appropriate price for it.
Another game I played is a free to play game on PlayStation 3. Yeah PlayStation 3 has a handful of free to download stuff and play.
Like you know DC Universe is one of them and that crappy free realms or whatever it's called.
But this isn't an MMO or anything like that. It's called Jetpack Joyride.
And it's something that Extifer at Horde House told me about and I went and downloaded it and checked it out.
It's kind of temple run meets techno kitten adventure. That's exactly what this game plays like to me because it's that whole like you float up and down with the button.
That's all. You have one button. That's all you do and you go up and down and you collect coins.
You dodge these lasers and rockets and other things and you use those coins to buy upgrades which you get at a very slow pace.
Or you can spend real money and get them at a much faster pace. It's like the temple run mechanic.
Well yeah it was on the iOS and Android already so yeah I'm just wondering.
The graphics very 16 bit retro inspired but I got to admit as much as that sounds like it all might be crap the game is stupid addicting.
Like it is just so stupid addicting. And it's addicting in that way that like classic video games are addicting.
Like you know think back to a game that was on the Atari 2600. Usually it was just one gimmick but you would sit there for hours trying to improve your score.
Think of a game like I don't know Stampede. Right. People would drop 40 bucks to get stampede on the Atari 2600.
And all it is is the little horse runs and you lasso up the other horses or the I'm sorry the cows or you run into the cows to kind of make them go further out in the field.
And that's that's the game. That's the whole game. And yet you would sit there and play it more and more and more and try to increase your score.
And that like I don't know like I like I've sat there and played Jetpack Joyride for like an hour at least earlier today just to try and top the leaderboard which I did do on my friend's list. Thank you very much.
So yeah I got to say it's free. Why not. It's got trophies. So hey I I I can't really talk too bad about Jetpack Joyride.
I don't think I'd go spend a lot of money on it. But you know if somebody wanted to to get ahead then more power to you. It's your money. Spend it on whatever you want.
I thought there was one other game I want to talk about before I talk about a classic. Oh I guess I'll talk about this other free to play game because Alan always teases me about it.
And that's Guardian Cross which is this it's like a it's by Square Enix and it's a trading card game. And I'm making little quote fingers when I say that trading card game because it is not like magic.
And it is not like even like Hearthstone or whatever other types of trading card games you can think of because all the battles are automatic.
So it's all just about making your cards as powerful as possible. But yet I can't stop hunting down the little animals and playing that game and turning them into cards.
And then combining the cards together and then the whole NPC story and it's Square Enix so all the artwork's really good and the music's good too.
And yeah so I've been suckered into that but like any it plays just like a freaking Facebook game and like any Facebook game I'll be really into it for like two weeks and I'll be like what the fuck is this fuckery and then stop playing it.
That'll be the story of Guardian Cross.
One other classic game I've been playing this week. Final Fantasy 5 also on iOS now. A total remake. This is different because Final Fantasy 1 on iPad and 2 were based off the PSP version.
3 and 4 off the DS version but there has not been a Final Fantasy 5 remake save the Game Boy version, the Game Boy Advance version.
And that's the version that this is closest to is because it has the extra dungeon and all that but they've totally redone the sprites and all that and it looks great.
Like especially I have an iPad that has the retina display and it looks gorgeous. The controls, not bad. They've changed it so that your characters move in 8 directions.
But basically you put your thumb anywhere.
What is this 8 directions that you speak of? Witchcraft! There's only up, down, left and right.
I know right? But actually it really helps the whole touch thing because you put your thumb anywhere on the screen and that's where the joystick is and then you move it and then you lift your thumb.
You don't have a joystick anymore until you put your thumbs down again.
The controls actually work and they went back and redid the battles so that the whole battle is by touch.
My only bitch about that is that they should have made enough room for all the possible squares that can appear.
Because right now let's say you have a mage that has an ability and then white magic and black magic because in Final Fantasy 5 you can learn one job and then keep a trait while you go to another job.
You have to scroll while you're battling and sometimes I've clicked the wrong thing trying to scroll and that was freaking annoying.
But otherwise it's a great remake and now the question on everybody's mind is, well the next game in line for IOS would be what kids? Final Fantasy 6!
Seven! No, six.
Dark Sakura can't count everybody.
Hey, no I'm just going to all the link.
I would bet that they're going to do Final Fantasy 6 in a style like this for the holiday. Five is probably testing the waters a little bit.
It's a little more expensive. It's $16.99. It is iPad and iPhone universal. It's a universal app which some of their older games weren't so I'm happy about that.
But I love the battle system in Five. I love the way that you can kind of mix and match the jobs because it really reminds me of when Final Fantasy went MMO in Final Fantasy 11.
Which by the way had an expansion come out this last week and so of course Shane hits me up on the internet and says, Rob you should come back to Final Fantasy 11 because there's a new expansion.
I want to play a Geomancer and I want someone to play with. Rob, Rob you should come back. You should come back.
And I'm like, no I'm not coming back. No, no, no. Finally we cut a deal. I said, alright if I'm going to do something I don't really want to do and you're going to do something you really don't want to do.
I will come back to Final Fantasy 11 for one month if you buy Civilization V next time it's on sale and he said deal.
And then he even went and played the demo for Civ V and he's like, oh it's not that bad. It is kind of like Sim City. I'm like, I told you.
But anyway, so my part of the deal was to go back to Final Fantasy 11 for a little while. So I have been playing that with the exp- I didn't buy the expansion though.
Shane has it and so I've been playing with him a little bit and I've looked at his Geomancer and Rune Fencer and I'm like, alright cool, new jobs.
But otherwise I've been leveling my Corsair and she's level 37 now. It was double XP weekend this weekend and we were fighting mobs in dungeons, duoing and leveling up.
So that part's really fun. The job system in Final Fantasy 11 is insanely fun and a lot of the classes are really good.
I love the fact that there's so many mix and match that is really viable in Final Fantasy 11. It used to have to be like, oh no, you don't play a Corsair without a Ranger sub.
You don't do it. You're an idiot. If you don't do a Corsair with Ranger sub that's how you have to do it.
But now it's like, okay you can kind of actually do Corsair Dancer makes a lot of sense, Corsair Black Mage, Corsair Red Mage.
You know there's a lot of different possibilities and so that I really enjoy.
I still think the game is missing so many quality of life things that make other MMOs more enjoyable such as World of Warcraft which you all know I play a lot or even other MMOs like Guild Wars 2 and things like that.
A lot of it has to do with travel and the battle system is still kind of slow especially when you're soloing and duoing. No jokes.
It takes me two minutes to take out a mob by myself at level 37. I know it doesn't sound like a long time but it's slow when you have to kill six of them in order to get one bag of experience basically.
Is being a white mage still hell on earth?
No because it's just the way people level at the earlier levels is so different now. You're in a party with 18 people and it's just like, alright as long as you're carrying somebody people are fine. There's hardly any tanks in those parties.
Did it still have the text macro system?
Oh yeah, that's all.
That really got on my nerves after a while just because I'd have all my text macro set up before casting and no we're not going to come and get healed and buffed and blah blah blah. Fine, quit.
It's actually really easy now to set up a macro that does cure and then you use up and down to select which party member you want to cast it on.
I think that's hilarious because back when I was playing it I played on the controller and you're like no you gotta play on a keyboard you can't do your macros without a keyboard. I'm like watch me flip flip flip flip trigger finger.
I'm going to mispronounce this name so I apologize. Sial in chat says dark soccer a healer in any game is a pain I would imagine.
Not necessarily for wow. It depends on your healing class.
It can be super fun actually.
I actually like healing paladins but I really did not like playing a priest.
See I love priest damage healing with his home ish.
After they changed the smack down priest. What was it? Disc priest.
Oh disc yeah yeah.
I like shadow. Shadow was fun for leveling but disc priest they completely buffed him up for panda.
Raginator in chat says I remember that being in Valcrum dunes was hell on earth. Well that's gone.
People don't do that anymore. You go to Guskin mines and you level in a group with 18 people and what happens is everybody level sinks.
It sounds like a cluster fuck.
It kind of is but it's well we live stream some of it if you've been watching the twitch tv orange launch radio we live stream some earlier this week so you can see this in action.
But yeah we played some of that and you basically level sink to someone who's around level 15 because everyone gets the XP.
It's just that everybody's abilities are set to level 15 and then they're just pulling skeletons over and over and it's called book burning.
Because every zone now has a book that has 5 or 6 pages and a page will say like in Guskin mines it says kill 6 members of the skeleton family.
Do you want to repeat? And you hit yes.
So you just kill skeletons over and over and over again and every time you kill 6 you got 600 XP. You got 700 XP.
All the way up to I think 1200 is the cap around there or something like that.
And then it's just you do that over and over again and before you know it you're level 35 and now you're going to crawler's nest to do the same thing.
It's crazy. People leveled to 99 in like 2 weeks now.
That just takes out some of the fun but then again you know me the queen of impatience on wow now.
Like I'm still 87.
SSJ100Matt says yeah you guys were in the mines for 2 plus hours. That's true but in that time we went from level 12 to level I want to say I was 26 by the time we were out of there.
And like compared to the like in Valcrum Dunes parties I was lucky to go from 12 to 14 in 2 hours. Remember Valcrum Dunes parties Loki? Remember that?
Is that that place that's like right outside the main starting area that you used to make me start in?
The stupid desert that had the port, the docks out on the side? Okay I remember that.
You know me I don't know what places are called. I just know landmarks.
That's not a thing anymore. Yeah it's interesting. No Gusken Mines is the scary you would go in there and you would hear this siren go off randomly that sounds like the siren from Silent Hill.
Oh no I never went there. I just went to this other place when one of my friends in New York was playing with me that had like a Bahamut running around.
Oh like a summoner or something?
No it was just like a big like uber creature that would follow around and we tried to take him out at 14. No that wasn't smart.
That wasn't going to happen. Alright anyway that's enough talk about a game that's like 11 years old so let's get into. Like us.
Alright let's get into some quick housekeeping. First off Dark Sakura mentioned this earlier but I just want to make sure everybody knows Dark Sakura, myself and Loki.
We didn't do it OLR last week but we all guessed it on another show that taped on Monday. It's called The Obscurecast and you should check that out because it's hosted by Cyl from Girls Gone Wow.
I love Cyl. And Razorbug who's you know a part of that whole you know kind of he does a lot of the Warcraft other stuff too.
Yes. And he's great and we had a really good time so it's I think the only time all three of us guessed. No if you go back to like some of the E3 specials back when it was the All Games all that stuff I'm pretty sure we all guessed it on a couple shows doing that but it's been a long time since all three of us guessed it on a show so that's pretty cool.
Wish you could have stayed longer. I know. Had a lunch. Loki's only there for like an hour but he was on his lunch break.
Darn that job thing. It's in iTunes and Stitcher and all that fun stuff just search for Obscurecast and check out I forgot to write down the episode number. Did anyone catch what episode number it is?
Look for the one that went up April 2nd I think was the day it went up. That was indeed because it was the day after no it wasn't was it April 2nd?
No it was the day after April Fools. We taped on April Fools.
Alrighty. Also follow us on Twitter. Twitter dot com slash O L R. You can also follow us on Facebook. Facebook dot com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And of course next week is episode 500 and everybody keeps asking us what are you going to do and the answer is we're going to do a show like we always do. There you go.
Alright let's talk about some video game news. I'm going to be in a red velvet brownie coma. That's true.
We're getting food made for us. That's a great reward. And my friend Carly might come and bring German chocolate cake.
You know I need to be losing weight right now. Alright anyhow.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vog network dot com use the pass phrase radio.
Let's go to some gaming news because there were some pretty big things that happened this week right Loki?
Yes LucasArts was closed by Disney and their quote is after evaluating our position in the games market we decided to shift LucasArts from an internal developing or internal development to a licensing model minimizing the company's risk while achieving a broader portfolio of quality Star Wars games.
As a result or as a result of this change we had layoffs across the organization. We're incredibly appreciative and proud of the talented teams who have been developing our new titles.
So basically instead of now you know making everything in house they're going to license off their properties to other developers to make games for it.
So it's not like you're not going to see any more Star Wars games just you may see Star Wars games from EA although actually I guess we kind of already have seen that or other companies.
And I would assume that also includes other properties like Maniac Mansion and all those adventure games that no one else makes except for you know Telltale games.
And of course as a result of that Star Wars 1313 is on hold because obviously they're not developing in house anymore.
Is it on hold or did they just cancel it?
It is halted so it's still going to come out I think just maybe a while. It all depends on who picks it up.
Well who of us saw this happening because I mean I was like you know they're going to start closing things and making changes.
I don't know I didn't really necessarily think that they were going to do it. I didn't think it would happen that fast.
I don't know I had a feeling but.
I always hate it when one bad game kind of closes a studio and obviously LucasArts last game was that whole Star Wars connect which just it was it was not good.
There's no nice way to say it.
And LucasArts really hasn't I think made the must have talk about game the way that they did back in the 90s.
And we could we could talk till we're blue in the face about why that is but you know they're just it sucks.
I don't like talking about things where people lose their jobs and so forth but you know maybe the management was not picking the right games to greenlight.
Who was it that Disney usually goes for for their development though for like all of their proprietary games?
Well they all over the map really I mean think about it.
Disney has their own studios.
I know but I mean I'm trying to think well I mean Kingdom Hearts Square there was they worked with Bethesda too for a while.
That's the interesting thing is that this might not be as besides the job loss which sucks the other half of this might not be as bad as everyone thinks it is because it's not like Disney doesn't license its stuff out pretty liberally.
Even last week excuse me two weeks ago when we were last live on the show what game was everybody excited about two weeks ago?
What was everybody losing their shit over at PAX East?
DuckTales.
Right that's a Disney thing that was licensed to Capcom right?
Square has Kingdom Hearts I mean it's not like these Disney things aren't licensed out.
So it's not like you're never gonna see another Star Wars game and you probably will see another Indiana Jones game before too long.
In fact I think the Lego games still do pretty well in the Indiana Jones universe right?
They're done with those.
But yeah they did okay.
I just would hope that if for whoever they're gonna choose for more of their publishing that they really go look at a company with a good reputation.
The depressing part of this though is that the games that you know those of us that are PC nerds really remember so fondly from like the 90s.
Such as Loom, Maniac Mansion, you know all the things that LucasArts did back in the day those I don't know what can come of that.
I'm completely I think in a kind of a sore spot over the whole thing just because I'm actually more worried about ILM.
About what's gonna happen with that because I have ever since I was a little kid I have had I guess the big girl boner for ILM.
I wanted to work for them. I wanted to grow up and work for ILM and you know that didn't happen but when we went to the Skywalker Ranch you remember my friend Krista?
She used to work for LucasArts. Worked on KOTOR and I got to go to the Skywalker Ranch and bought my ILM shirt and everything and was in meatloaf flicking distance of George Lucas.
And if I had known then what I know now I would have just kidnapped him and cloned him and made my own robot George.
No more prequels!
Frisbee in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says this crushes all these Star Wars and Kingdom Hearts 3 talk.
Not necessarily. Not at all actually. I think it's quite the opposite. I think there's a greater chance of something like that happening now.
I went in Indiana Jones level into Kingdom Hearts.
Now it's just a matter of getting to a Kingdom Hearts 3 square.
I know they can't count either.
That's the part you should be concerned about.
They're hanging out with Valve these days I think.
Three! We don't know what three is!
I've seen people on Facebook that are like Boycott Disney! This is bull!
And I'm just kind of like dude you guys are hanging on to memories from the 90s.
Believe me as I get older I understand that.
But if you look at what LucasArts has done in the past few years from a business perspective it kind of makes sense.
Yeah we did see it coming.
Now I really do hope those that got laid off can rise from the ashes.
Usually new studios get formed.
Other studios get stronger with all this talent out there.
I've seen that there's people like I think ArenaNet.
The people that make Guild Wars were posting things on their Twitter about hey if you were LucasArts we're hiring.
And that's the great thing about the games industry is there's a lot of great networking that goes on.
You know Game Developers Conference for one.
There's a lot of that great stuff that goes on where I feel like there will at least be opportunities and the game developers are looking out for each other.
Because unfortunately it can be a very volatile industry.
So I really hope that it has a happy ending for those folks at least.
Was that it? Did we talk about the Star Wars 1313 part?
Yes you did. Sorry I missed it.
Do you think that will happen?
Yeah I think it will happen still.
You know what though the other thing with the changes too is that since they're wiping out the book canon.
I know a lot of people who are pissed off.
There is a lot of nerd rage going on over the book canon.
Well wiping out the canon is a bit extreme.
I don't think you should disrespect the book universe and all this.
But the talk of making one of those books Star Wars 7.
That was never going to happen.
That was never going to happen.
Like that is way too.
There's way too much.
Like I tried getting into the Star Wars books and I maybe read one of the first trilogies.
And after that I was like no I can't do this anymore because it's just completely gone.
You know you sit and read the Star Wars wiki where they go through all the stuff about the books.
I was like okay I'm done.
It's way out of hand.
But they've built up that much lore and just to sort of dismiss it.
Look at what Abrams did with Star Trek.
Like a lot of people were pissed about what was going to happen there.
But I think it turned out great.
But he did stay with established lore. They set an alternate universe.
But did he feel the need to turn a book into a movie?
No.
And now his universe has spawned new books.
In the new universe.
Anyhow.
Let's move on. Let's talk about harmonics.
Let's talk about harmonics.
Kind of had a bit of a uh-oh this week.
And I even got an email about this because I'm registered on rockband.com.
But yeah harmonics sent out an email.
If you're registered on rockband.com or dancecenter.com you probably got this.
Servers went down over the weekend because of a third party attack.
Not saying who did this but somebody was trying to get into the servers.
Passwords for all these websites have been reset as a precautionary measure.
So you're going to have to change your password when you log into the site again.
Note that no user's information was published or misused that they found.
Harmonics doesn't keep credit card or social security.
I mean they didn't have any of that so you know your personal information is not really at risk.
However, as is good practice, if you use the same password on harmonics.
Like if you use the same email password on that site that you use somewhere else.
You probably want to change it. Like your bank.
If your bank password matches your harmonics password.
If you use your bank password on anything video game related.
Stop doing that.
Honestly people if you're going to make any of your passwords unique.
Your bank password needs to be unique and your paypal password needs to be unique.
Not the same as your bank password. They need to be separate.
Don't ever ever ever use and your email password.
That's the third one because I'm going to say don't ever ever ever use your email password anywhere else.
Because 99% of the time that's what they want.
And while I'm at it. While I'm on my tangent people.
Be careful what you share on Facebook.
Think about it. What are the security questions that are usually asked?
It's all those memes that are going around on Facebook right now.
It's all those memes on Facebook. Post your drag queen name. Like and share.
The street you were born on. The town. The street you were born on in your pet.
Yeah. Hello. Those are common questions.
No it's one, two, three, four, five.
Yeah so just be careful.
You know what my rule of thumb is?
Stop using Facebook. That would be a great security precaution right there.
I practically have except my mom sort of guilted me into going back.
Oh except use it to like Orange Lawn Radio.
Yeah use it to like Orange Lawn Radio.
But we're not going to steal your shit. I promise. I super promise.
But um. Crap I completely forgot. Oh yeah.
My rule of thumb for a password. Numbers and another language.
There you go. Now you just told everybody your password.
They don't know a language. Ah.
Uno dos tres. That's her password.
Ichi ni.
Which is as much as Rob can count in Japanese.
No I remember that song that goes.
Ichi ni san chi.
Wasn't that a DDR song or a Beatmania song or something?
I don't remember.
It was on a Dancemania album or something.
There's that little song that goes.
Ichi ni san chi.
So you can count to four.
I can count to four because of that song.
Alright.
Don't we have stories to do or some shit?
Who cares.
We're going to talk about food.
And languages.
Wait there was something else I was going to.
Dammit there was something else I was going to share on it.
You know what I lost it so you know what.
Here's the shark eating the plane again.
Holy shit.
I still want to see that movie guys.
You know what else was six bucks.
Actually there was Repo.
On Blu-ray.
I need to get Repo.
I love that movie.
Okay so was it my turn?
Yes.
Well a Microsoft creative director had a hissy fit online.
And it gave me a perfect excuse to use the term hissy fit.
Because that's pretty much what it was.
Orthy who is Adam Orth the creative director said.
Sorry I don't get the drama around having an always on console.
Every device now is always on.
That's the world we live in.
And the hashtag was deal with it.
Well.
That of course got people up in arms.
Because you know anytime.
I'm going to say this to anybody who works for any company.
When you work for a company.
And people know you work for that company.
You are always a representative of that company.
You cannot say anything.
In a public forum.
That isn't going to reflect back on the company that you work for.
Which I just want to say sucks.
Yeah it sucks.
That's the kind of world we live in.
But like you know I work my day job.
A lot of people don't know this but I work in health care.
So like I try very hard to like not say anything about like.
I can't tell you my opinion on Affordable Care Act.
Because if I were to tell you that.
You know one way or the other.
You know that might be construed as that's how my employer thinks.
And so I have to be careful not to talk about it.
Which sucks.
When I worked for the mortgage company.
I couldn't really talk about.
You know I couldn't talk about Bank of America.
I couldn't talk about.
It would have gotten back.
Even though my Facebook is completely locked down in private.
So I do think I feel bad for this guy.
As much as you might not like his opinion.
And you might disagree with it.
And you might be ready to have your laundry list of.
Well here's what's wrong with your opinion.
Guy.
It kind of sucks that he can't say his opinion without everybody going.
Confirmation.
This is confirmation. He said it.
It's gospel. Oh my God.
This is preorder right now.
Microsoft is doomed.
I don't even think what he said was that bad.
It was adding the hashtag to it that made it sort of like the snarky.
I don't care what you think kind of thing.
But Microsoft actually came back.
With an apology or a statement.
Put out by Major Nelson.
And I'm just going to read this out.
We apologize for the inappropriate comments made by an employee on Twitter yesterday.
This person is not a spokesperson for Microsoft.
And his personal views do not reflect the customer centric approach.
Mala bla bla bla bla.
We were very sorry if this offended anyone blah blah blah, wink wink wink.
And we are making any further comments on this matter.
I don't know I think he gets paid a lot more than I do so I mean he should at least have some discretion on Twitter.
It was not a good idea.
But the way everybody's raking him through the coals, people make mistakes.
God damn.
Here's the other thing.
Dungeon buster in our chat saying some of the quick memes done around that are pretty hilarious.
And links us to quick meme where you know it's just all these memes around it.
I actually looked at that stuff and I kind of winced.
I was like you know as humorous as some of this might be like I feel bad for this guy.
Like to be, I mean he's just getting dragged through all these parts of the internet over an opinion.
But that's the nature of the internet.
It just sucks.
He's on Twitter. Doesn't he know what the internet is?
I'm on Twitter.
Yeah and you're probably smart enough to know that if you worked for a big company that you know may have a console that's coming out.
That people are thinking that is always online and you make a comment like well I don't see what all your problems with this always online thing.
I mean it's not like you know.
I don't talk about the healthcare industry on my Twitter.
It's the one thing you're not going to hear me talking about.
And I use a fake name.
This guy's position is as a creative director. He's in a position of some power within the company.
I mean maybe I don't know exactly what area of creativity he happens to direct.
It could be marketing. It could be. I mean I have to research more about it. I don't know too much about the guy.
But when you've got speculation coming out about a system especially you know right now when what E3 is in how many months? Couple months?
Couple months.
But the Xbox was already supposed to be announced.
Well if rumors are to be believed.
I thought this was the end of this month.
Well we we heard before it was going to be early April but yet not even invites going out yet.
But yeah but they're supposed. Okay when you have anything coming up that's going to have information hopefully being made about it.
People are still going to try to speculate to get the jump especially in the news industry.
You know any type of video game related news.
And you know like remember the what was the deal where someone said some rumor about a game and then the company said well no even though we had an interview with you that's not what's happening.
And we covered it a few weeks ago.
But people are going to try to grasp at anything that's going to give them some sort of superior position as far as the knowledge base about the machine.
Or confirm rumors.
Or confirm rumors.
I'm with you. Go into some other comments in our chat room there real quick.
Marissa Congusto at live.vognetwork.com says make a troll account to bitch.
He should have made a troll account that wasn't attached to his name.
Maybe that's so I can I can talk openly about health care.
Actually I have no desire to but so I could I could do that.
I'm going to make a troll account.
I'll call it instead of Rob Roberts I'll be Robin Roberts.
That'll be my name. Robin Roberts.
Oh wait. Shit. I can't I can't do that one.
Roberts Rob.
All right let me read this other comment here from Queen Simea at live.vognetwork.com says his comment was the cherry on top of the shit sundae that was Diablo 3, SimCity, hell even Origin.
It just all adds up in the public eye to developers and publishers not giving a damn.
You know I'm I'm with that comment quite a bit because as much as I think it sucks that you know he's getting dragged across all the corners of the Internet.
It does really show how out of touch some of the management level people are with what gamers really are looking for.
Or is that just is it just a case of the vocal minority? Are we the vocal minority?
I have this mental image of them sitting on their little cloud surrounded by their little.
Because everything's in the cloud now.
They actually work in the cloud.
They work in the cloud and they have their huge walls up where they only get very small filtered information for they look for their little target and they're not really paying attention to what's really going on the real world they're looking at their bottom lines.
I would say you've basically got executives up there who don't really have the love angry birds.
Let's do some more microtransactions.
But here's the thing though is I think what the way they're looking at it is that they make these decisions that are unpopular and people still buy it anyways.
And then they come out with a sequel later on that has these same kinds of decisions and people still buy it anyways.
It's like DLC for Call of Duty. Everyone bitched a bitched a bitched about how there's like you know why am I paying $60 for maps after you know Call of Duty comes out?
Why am I having to do this? People buy them.
And that's the thing is they're going to keep doing it if people are going to keep buying them.
And that's why you see more microtransactions in these games because people buy them.
They wouldn't put them in there if people didn't buy them.
And that's the thing is you may hate it all you want but there are still people out there buying this crap.
Same with the always online stuff. There are people that will still think it's a good thing. They'll defend Microsoft and think it's a fantastic idea.
But what I think is the problem aside from the fact that he's a creative director and he thinks like this because he obviously is having some sort of impact on how this next console is being made or at least how the software is being made.
And that's not necessarily a good thing.
And I don't know.
It's getting to a point for me between this and all these like this rumor won't fucking die.
And you know what we've learned about Microsoft before? A lot of their rumors end up being true.
And granted this could be one of the ones that's not true. However I don't know.
There's just something in this case about where there's smoke there's fire and there's two this won't fucking stop.
And so this this says to me there is some truth in this whether it's a less severe form of the truth like what Loki theorized a couple weeks ago on the show that it's always online in the way we connect 24 was always online.
But I don't know anymore like the only saving grace here is that Microsoft refuses to comment on it and we still don't know when this thing is getting announced.
If Microsoft wanted to change something in light of what happened with SimCity and maybe some of this other reaction they can still do that.
Well here's the other thing too about the always online part it still kind of stings a little bit is just if it's always online you're going to think well OK well then I should be able to play multiplayer online.
Oh sorry got to pay for Xbox Live Gold for that. So it's got to be always online because they always want you to use Xbox Live Gold.
And how many features of this always online console are they going to hide behind Xbox Live Gold like Netflix in this one or Hulu Plus or YouTube.
The YouTube fucking app is behind gold on the Xbox 360. It's kind of ridiculous.
I don't know all I got to say is you know I hope that the console is not online only because I can tell you right now you know the situation I'm in where I'm playing at my work and I'm in a spot of the building that doesn't have Wi-Fi at this point and that would not work for me.
I can't play a console that doesn't have that doesn't allow me to play offline and so I just won't buy it. Simple as that.
I think if they do make this thing always online and it's the whole you have to register you're like if it maybe it's not so much the always online thing but if it's like the always online as like if it's off DRM.
OK if it's true that it boots you after three minutes of not being connected and if it's true that you have to register your games to prevent used games.
I mean I mean Microsoft is just giving it to Sony. They are just handed it over to so here you go. This cause this generation is on us.
I just it would be a business decision of colossal bad proportions and I just I can't believe they would be so stupid and also like what's the problem to me like it's one of those same type of bad decisions that basically killed Sega in the console market.
To the not looking at where your audience is not looking at what your audience wants marketing it in a completely stupid way.
What's the pro to offset that con.
I am a huge pro are all the games twenty dollars.
Is that the pro that all the games are twenty dollars now because they have no resale value.
Is that the pro because that's a pro worth.
I mean are they games on the caliber of Halo 4 but now they're twenty dollars because that's a pro we're going OK well now maybe you're talking now because they're too greedy.
The game industry is too greedy.
That's the problem. It's just like just like say hey the price of oil went down gas prices are coming down right.
Right. Right. No. And if no story says anything it's the Internet saying this is not a good thing.
Let's hope it's not too late for Microsoft to listen.
There's a part of me that's actually more hoping that they you know that this guy put that out as a feeler to see what the reaction would be even though I know it's probably just some stupid comment.
But still they got a pretty firm response from the community so hopefully this would be enough that they go OK well let's not do this or at least not do it yet.
I don't think it's anything like that but there's also another rumor and I really don't like reporting rumors because we don't know.
Like I said I there's a whole obvious online thing I'm just waiting for Microsoft to come out and say something because until then it's that's what it is it's a rumor.
Obviously it's a rumor we keep hearing a lot of and I don't know if it could be just the whole you know telephone thing where it just keeps getting repeated.
But now there's also a rumor that's saying that the console is going to be about five hundred bucks or three hundred dollars subsidized with that plan they have like right now where you pay you know so much a month because you're getting Xbox Live Gold tied in there as well.
And you pay over the life of the console or a couple of years or something like that.
I mean I seriously think if they do this with online only it's like fucking PS3 all over again.
Four hundred ninety nine dollars and you know oh by the way it's always online.
The subsidy rumor about it only costing three hundred dollars giving getting some steam this week which is so that was in our list list at the end of the year last year like what horrible gaming rumors going to come true or something like that.
We called it.
Maybe we predict the futures dark Tetsuya and chat says twenty dollar games.
L.O.L. I'm never going to have my iPad says hi.
I mean I'm actually was thinking more if they made like a subscription service you know you have there it's always online you get Xbox Live and then they do like a steam model.
Again but even so that doesn't seem likely.
What's the pro to offset the con that if I'm offline for three minutes.
Yeah I guess it is. Well because steam you know if I'm online and I get booted offline I don't disconnect from everything.
And the other thing too is steam games are usually pretty cheap like Borderlands plus all the DLC for twenty five bucks.
That's kind of hard to compete against sixty dollar games and so I know a Borderlands has come down in price a little bit.
But still though like Bioshock one and two for four dollars. I don't see that you know I'm not getting two copies of you know two Xbox 360 games for four dollars.
Well on the same token you remember how you know origin is such a fuck up right now.
Well it has always been such a fuck up if not just right now.
Well I mean don't they require that like for now most the origin games you have to be online for those to work too.
I don't know because the only thing I will play on origin is a game that requires you that has is a game that is meant to be played online.
So I am online Mass Effect 3 multiplayer that's all I use origin for.
Well you remember when they did what was it patch four for Mass Effect 3 and it totally screwed up all my online stuff wouldn't let me verify my DLC and I couldn't play single player.
Yeah it's ridiculous. Origin's terrible but to be fair steam was terrible.
And if this console is always online I'm just telling you right now it's all more reason for people to hack the shit out of it.
Because if it's something that the vocal minority doesn't like it's going to become a fucking target and you better believe that they will find a way to do it.
Alright let me, I don't want to keep dragging this out especially because it's basically a rumor but this is a comment worth responding to so this will be the last thing on this topic and then we'll move on.
BlackWolfInChat says here's the problem the internet is a small portion of their target audience so the internet doesn't like the Xbox everyone else will get it anyway not caring.
In theory you're right Bobby but the problem is that vocal minority starts that whole word of mouth and it's all about who they tell other people about you know when people are considering buying a game console.
Do you know how many people have come to me and said Rob what game console should I get what should I buy and you know a lot of those vocal minority are people that work for GameStop and other retailers.
And unless Microsoft's going to really sweeten the pot which might it might be a deal they're willing to sign to try and get those things to move GameStop has already come out and said we don't like this idea.
So that's really you know that's really bad now you might come out and say well a lot of hardcore gamers didn't like the Wii either and look at how well that did but there was a big difference.
People with the Wii were like yeah kids will like the Wii oh yeah the Wii is something different oh yeah I know you you're not looking for anything too hard you're a soccer mom you'll love the Wii go get it you know it was a different type of situation nobody outright hated what the Wii was doing.
Or what about when you get these stories let's just assume that this is going to be like every other online only or online required thing to come out.
That oh hey I just paid $500 for my new system and I can't fucking play any games on it because their servers are down and wait till that hits mainstream news.
I know it may not hit it right away but it's going to get some attention if you know it's anti-consumer where oh by the way it locks down all this stuff they have this technology in place.
You're not going to have retailers caring about it because first of all they'll make anything off the consoles anyways if this is a retailer that you know makes money off of used games they're probably not going to want to support a console that doesn't make any sort of you know money back for them.
So I don't know.
Did we not put the EA story in tonight's show roll?
I don't know but yeah EA's full of shit.
What the fuck.
Loki can you I hate to put you on the spot but I know you have another story but can you jump in here with the EA and what's going on there because you've been following that whole thing.
Why is it not on the show roll?
I don't know.
What a terrible producer this show has.
Yeah I wonder who that is Rob.
That's it we're docking your pay.
Rob coffee.
So I just it's like it's almost like the next logical step here is to talk about that story I can't believe.
So let's talk about EA.
So speaking of people I radio speaking to people that have no idea and you know we're talking about you know the vocal minority again.
And this is where we're quoting it from it's basically a mobile Nick Earl the senior vice president of EA's mobile and social all played label basically saying that the people that are responding to the microtransactions in real racing three are the vocal minority.
Ultimately the numbers would show that they and other are others all support the freemium model better.
And basically you know saying that people were.
I guess annoyed at the fact that you know the all all you can eat model or they're saying that the game you know the DLC in it I want to say it was like what 200 and some dollars of DLC in that game.
But once again I think kind of goes back to the fact that.
You have this model where people are hating on it but there's people still buying that crap can we talk about that.
I want to talk about the Peter Moore consumerist.
Oh yes and I want to talk about I'm getting there.
So yeah yeah yeah this guy what he said but then like OK then the real bomb was dropped later so let's let's get it's OK because you know every year they do this thing on this Web site the consumerist where they vote for the worst company in America.
Basically they have the golden poo that they send out to them.
Like whose line is it anyway. It doesn't matter. The points don't matter. It's just it's a popularity or anti popularity contest or whatever.
And last year I took the prize because of Mass Effect or something like that.
And this year they're in. Well now Loki if you read what the consumers had to say it was a lot more than just Mass Effect.
E.A. gets blamed for microtransactions for inventing that model for the online pass and inventing that model for getting games rushed.
Blah blah blah. I'm very angry and I'm on the Internet. Yes. So basically you know they they're in the finals or they are pretty close to being in the finals.
And you know they come out and Peter Moore comes out and basically saying hey we can do better. And some of the bullshit though.
I mean I love this quote. The tallest trees catch the most wind. Yes we're hating on you because you're such a big company. That's it.
The tallest trees break the most wind. Some. There's something that must be the biggest asses.
Some of these complaints are 100 percent legitimate like all companies. We are not perfect but in others just don't hold water.
Many continue to claim that the always on function in Sim City is a DRM scheme. It's not. People still want to argue about it. We can't be any clearer.
It's not period. I agree. It's not. I don't think it was ever about the DRM. It was about microtransactions and making sure that you wouldn't be able to hack them into the game.
That's what it's about is the microtransaction model. It's not about the DR. That doesn't make it any less shitty.
It doesn't matter why. You know it's broken. It's just it's broken. Some people claim that there's no room for origin as a competitor to seem 45 million registered users are proving that wrong.
By the way you have to fucking sign up on it to play console games that are by EA PC games that are by EA. Yeah. Oh how many satisfied customers out of that 45 million.
I dare you pull each and every single one of them. How are you satisfied with this service. I dare you.
Well I really just hate EA's customer service. OK. I got one good person the entire time I had that whole issue with my Mass Effect 3.
Well the majority of its outsourced. Exactly. Exactly. I hate to say it but that's you know I mean that's actually a bigger problem than just in the video game industry.
You get what you pay for. Exactly. That's true in any industry. However I completely forgot what I was going to say. So you were going to say some people think that the free to play games and microtransactions are the pox on the box on gaming tens of millions more are playing and loving these games.
Whatever. OK. I'll give them that because that's a valid point. That's a valid point because you know they have the stuff that you and I don't like it. Don't fucking play it. Stop spending money on it. But people are so because it would be a different story if they were putting out you know stuff that you could get games that were like I guess.
But when you've got titles that many people have gotten pretty much hooked on then yeah they do pretty much have a captive audience. People want to get more of it. It's I mean it's kind of a catch 22 you either do without it and do without their service.
OK. So Black Wolf in chat says I'm satisfied. Great. One person out of forty five million is that Bobby. How do we. And I'm just throwing out ideas here and and he'll tell me to shut up if he doesn't like this. But how can we do something on vogue where like I can have a poll like an insta poll like a live listener poll so I can go up and say are you using origin and are you satisfied and we can like poll people live all the shows going on. Is that like possible because I we I want that for next week.
This is what I have to say about. Please Bobby. This is what I have to say about origin story about their you know going oh so many people are using it. Well they did prove a myth busters that you could polish a turd doesn't make it less of a turd.
One thing that I want to say about the free to play games and microtransactions. Listen it's a free to play game. You're paying nothing for the game. And so paying microtransactions for something or say buying in-game items you know spending like five bucks or something on in-game items isn't that big a deal because you paid nothing for the game.
The problem comes into when you have a $60 fucking game and then you're still wanting these microtransactions fee to pay is basically fee to pay. I love it.
Fee to pay.
Oh Bobby. Bobby says it has been designed just not developed and maybe next week and I Bobby works very hard on coding vog network.com and he doesn't get paid anything for it. So thank you Bobby I appreciate it gets paid in love.
I appreciate your consideration and I will I will withhold my feelings on SimCity for five more minutes out of thank you.
Bobby gets paid in love snark and spite.
See we've seen we've seen mailing lists that direct people to vote for EA because they disagree with the choice of the cover athlete on Madden NFL.
Yes really. OK we'll find sports fans are crazy. In the past year we've received thousands of e-mails and postcards protesting against EA for allowing players to create LGBT characters in our games.
This week we're seeing posts on conservative websites urging people to protest LGBT policy by voting EA for the worst company in America. OK I give them props for promoting that community and stuff like that.
And yeah there are assholes out there. But at the same time I don't think it's the majority of those votes you're getting because of because of that. It's because you know it's this weird kind of like you know I I love that this letter is very staunch like
if that's why you're voting as the worst company in America then fucking bring it because you're full it you're full of it. So I love that kind of tone because you know clap clap clap I wish all you know people could could get that.
But anyway I it's weird to me that he calls that out because then I go all right I'm really appreciative that you're supportive of all that but let's not use it as a weapon when things aren't going your way.
Just it. It does kind of you know I appreciate your stance but now's not the time.
Yeah. And then the quote for last he says last year the complaints against us last year were our support of SOPA and that they didn't like the ending the Mass Effect 3 and this is back.
This is the response on consumerist. They say actually aren't our analysis of the reasons for EA's inclusion in last year's finale make no mention of Mass Effect 3 or soap and said it looks like the EA's history of buying smaller successful developers with the intention of milking and arguably ruining intellectual properties that made these acquired companies so attractive.
It also discusses EA's exclusivity deals on popular sports games as some say are effectively set the bar for retail prices for the rest of the gaming industry.
And I'd like to mention in there too especially you know as a factor of this year maybe there's their idea that hey we're releasing a game or I'm sorry not really the game putting out a game on the Wii for example FIFA 13.
And basically just taking FIFA 12 and reskinning say FIFA 13 and updating the rosters maybe not a good thing helping them you know with their argument that you know the quality in those games.
Oh and that was also in the Vita and the Wii U version by the way they ported the FIFA 12 game is Peter Moore the next CEO of EA.
Yes he is. He's the CEO. Oh he's not the CEO.
No wait a minute they replaced what's the fuck with somebody else with the former CEO.
But I'm just like when I read that letter I'm like this guy is talking like he's the new CEO. Look I appreciate it despite the fact that we're we're we're you know flaming this whole thing a little bit.
I do appreciate some of the frankness of this and I appreciate the fact that at least they're trying and not just kind of like la la la we can't hear you la la la you're still buying our stuff anyway screw you.
I appreciate that he's trying to respond to some of this in a very direct manner and I do applaud that.
My only problem is is I'm like it kind of really really shows really shows where some of the blindness is I believe.
But anyway but once again though they're only going to go in a direction in their business that makes them money. And if you know my.
