Today, April 28th, 2013, Microsoft sets a date to announce their next move.
More video games are set to become movies, and can you really get pizza delivered with
your 360?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you to talk about video games, and gaming
culture, and the gamer lifestyle over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First off, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
How are you, Jamie Summers?
Um, uh, sated.
Sated or satiated?
Could you do that pizza?
But wouldn't that be- Oh, whatever.
Alright.
Well, uh, grammar specifics aside- And, and, um, just to tell PrinceBrightStar,
I've been playing PSO, too.
What is, what is, what is the, what did he ask?
I missed it.
Well, he mentioned Phantasy Star Online, too, so he's just affirming that, yes, I did get
everything to work.
Awesome.
Was that with all the patches and all that stuff?
Yes, but I have to re-patch my game and re-do the translations and blah, and I've had other
stuff to play.
Alright, also say hello to TechMasterLoki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
Doing good.
Good.
What's new with you?
I'm collecting drugs.
You're collecting drugs?
Well, I'm finishing my pickups on, uh, the collectibles in Saints Row the Third.
Ah, I see what you did there.
Okay.
Uh, I thought you were all done with Saints Row the Third.
I am, but- It's like a platinum trophy thing.
Sort of.
It's on Steam, though.
Oh, okay.
Fair enough.
Same, same.
Alright, um, we have some guests joining us in the studio tonight, and I'm really excited
about this because, um, these are guys I've been trying to get on the show for a very,
very, very, very, very long time.
Uh, these guys are long-time friends of mine, and, um, I think one of them was here, like,
seven years ago, but how many of you are listening then?
Like 98% of you, this is all new.
Please say hello, everybody, to, from the GameBui.org podcast, say hello to Captain
Spike.
Hi!
Hi!
How are you, Spike?
Uh, doing pretty good, thank you for having me.
No problem!
And also joining us in the studio tonight, say hello to Tim!
Hello!
How are you, Tim?
I am quaking in my boots.
This is my first podcast ever.
Is it really?
Yep.
Wow, you're like- This is also Rob's first podcast, though.
So, we've stolen your, uh, guest virginity.
I suppose so.
I'm a little bit uncomfortable thinking about it that way.
You even got the little virginity music playing there in the background.
So yeah, there's, like, every idiot has a podcast in this day and age.
No disrespect to those of you doing podcasts, but, like, Captain Spike, I'm calling myself
an idiot.
But no, like, you know, it's so easy to do that these days, it's really surprising to
me, you've never done this before.
But we'll be gentle, I promise.
Thank you.
All right, you're welcome.
Um, so I wanted to-
Break out the feathers.
Before we get into, like, how was your gaming week and all that, I want to talk to you guys
kind of, like, about, like, the things you guys do.
So I'm gonna start with Spike.
So a few years ago, um, I know you came on OLR, like, seven years ago, that was back
when I lived with Xtifer, right?
It sure was, yeah.
Do you remember what we even talked about then?
I have no idea.
How did you and I meet?
Tell the listeners.
The internet, Adam.
And then, you know, you know, we were on a message board, there was a, you know, IRL
meetup party, we went to said party independently, got drunk, and smoked cloves outside for like
an hour.
Don't smoke, guys.
It's bad for you.
No, smoking is bad.
Yeah, so we quit.
Okay, I have to ask.
They were the dejarmes, right?
Oh, I'm sure.
Oh, death.
Like there's anything other.
Um, so, so fast forward to today, you've got your podcast now.
Tell us about Game Buoy.
Yeah, so I host the gamebuoy.org video game podcast.
Our sort of aim is just to pick up stories that are getting left off the radar of all
the blogs, sort of pick up stories on indies, JRPGs, just sort of, you know, niche genres
that maybe aren't getting the play that they really deserve in the news.
I joked earlier that any idiot can have a podcast, and obviously, you know, I'm not
being rude with that, but it's like, it is so easy to do it now, but, but surely you
kind of have to take that step, like, why do I want to do a podcast?
So why, Captain Spike, did you want to do a podcast?
Well, you know, fitting in with what I just said, it kind of irritates me that, and, you
know, certainly no offense to any podcast, any podcasters that are listening to this,
but I really wanted to cover some bases that I feel like aren't getting a lot of coverage.
That's fair.
Especially, you know, we started, um, Retronauts was sort of kind of going away and we have
a real strong retro bent to sort of what we do, so.
And you didn't need $35,000 to do this.
No tea, no shade.
No, all tea, all shade.
We do it for free.
We spend money on it.
So no, we're not getting paid.
Okay.
Well, that's, but I like, I like that you guys have a niche and you know, I've had people
ask me before because we've had, have, have had this podcast a long, long, long, long
time.
Sometimes people will ask when they want to get into a podcast like, Hey, Rob, how do
I start a podcast?
And usually my first thing is, okay, if you're going to start a video game podcast, I'm going
to warn you.
It's a very, there's a lot of people in this pool and people have peed in this pool and
yeah, it's kind of gross.
There's a lot of stuff, but you got to find your niche.
You've got to be like, how am I going to stand out amongst this?
You know, how am I going to wear the prettiest bathing suit?
It's going to get me noticed, right?
So you guys have your niche and I think it's, it's, it's fun because you guys don't like
just talk about under the radar news, but I noticed you kind of theme a lot of your
episodes.
So you'll have like your one big topic that keeps a lot of your shows timeless in a way
I noticed.
Well, that was, you know, very much a conscious choice, but, um, we, we really wanted to have
sort of a level of intellectual discourse about sort of these big topics that a lot
of people maybe don't talk about and have, you know, real discussions about.
Gotcha.
So it's, it's you and you and, uh, what do you call him on the show?
I know his real name.
What's his first mate?
Slidekick.
That is that his first mate.
Slidekick.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you guys, you guys have been buds forever, right?
I've known that guy for, I don't know, probably 10 years nearly.
Yeah.
And Slidekick's my frenemy in the wow podcasting community.
So that's always a lot of fun.
Yeah.
Heart, heart, heart, heart.
You all might remember his classic show, Fabulous Flames.
I still have episodes on my phone.
So you were the subscriber.
That was me.
I'm just kidding.
You were their leech and a fan.
I would, it was when I ran out of history podcasts and I was like, well, there's always
this one and I'd sit in my cube snorting the whole time.
People were like, what do you want?
But we didn't come here just to shade, you know, Slidekick cause I was always in chat
and everything.
You're so mean.
Um, so let me talk, let me talk about like you as a gamer.
So obviously you must've been into all the music games and stuff like we were cause you
were on the show at that time.
Um, what, how did you get into gaming at all?
Like how did you start playing video games?
What, what, what hooked you into this?
Why are you a gamer?
Um, why am I a gamer?
Um, my mother worked in a bowling alley and they had tons of arcade games.
So I kind of fell in love with Kung Fu and you know, the old Irem game, I think it was
Irem, I don't know.
And uh, after that, you know, got a Nintendo for the NES port Kung Fu and went from there.
Awesome.
What, what's like your favorite video games ever?
What are like your favorite things that have ever been done?
Uh, Super Mario World and Bayonetta.
Bayonetta is one of your top games ever.
I think it has some of the best, uh, like situational awareness in a 3d action game
that I've ever seen.
Yeah.
Interesting.
I really liked the way that it visually communicates what it expects of you in terms of reaction
and what have you.
Those are just, they're not two games you would typically expect to see sitting together.
Like if I'm, if I'm going to the video game museum, I'm not going to see Mario World next
to Bayonetta.
But no, I think that's great.
You know, a lot of people don't usually dare to name for all practical purposes a current
game.
I think it's super well designed and you know, I think that Super Mario World is certainly
the best 2d, best designed 2d platformer.
Um, you know, so you must've been excited about virtual console this week.
Yeah.
The first thing I did was download it and play it until my, uh, second player rage quit
on me.
Sorry about, uh, magic Koopa.
No, that is crap.
Um, gosh, what else I want to ask you about games?
Um, okay.
Bayonetta 2 then, and this whole, it's exclusive for Nintendo, like where, where are you at
with Nintendo?
Where's your head at?
Because some people are very like, Nintendo sucks and it's a kitty thing and dah, dah,
dah, dah.
But here they are coming out with Bayonetta 2, like where's your head out with that?
I think they make a lot of really bad business choices.
I think that, um, you know, them paying for Bayonetta 2 to exist is awesome, but probably
also a bad business choice.
But it's one I'm certainly going to benefit from.
So I'm happy.
Uh, go to our chat room.
We always have the other guests on our show, the live chat room, live.vognetwork.com because
we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And looking at our chat room, we see some comments such as, um, let's see, Dungeon Buster
says Bayonetta rocks.
Tiger Claw says Kung Fu was one of those games that were quarter munchers.
Once you had the NES version, you blow right through the entire game.
Absolutely true.
That's true.
And then does it, does it lose something though?
Once you play it on the console, like can you go back and play it in the arcade now
that you've just beat it?
No, but I mean, you know why I didn't really want to either.
I was too busy, you know, taking my picture with my TV and trying to get in to the pages
of Nintendo fun club, Nintendo power, you know.
Awesome.
Uh, let's see.
And going to, um, Ross DOUT says arcade games were nonsensically hard in order to drain
quarters.
Of course they were.
I always think of that.
Um, you remember Wayne's world, which turned 20 years old apparently this month.
How old does that make you feel at me feel right now?
Right.
He's 20 years old.
Right.
So there's a scene where they're talking about the arcade and the guy goes, yeah, we just
got this new game.
But when you killed the gelatinous cube, you get to go to the next level.
The trick is there is no gelatinous cube.
He never shows up and I'm like, Oh, that's like so old arcade machine.
Like I love it.
That's up there with the boss of carnival being named token taker.
Uh, let's see.
And um, slide kick in chat, uh, agreeing with Tim apparently saying magic Koopa is a ratchet
hoe.
There you go.
Thank you.
Slidekick.
All right.
Um, so if people want to check out your podcast, which I do recommend, it's, it's a, it's a
great listen.
Even if you guys are only doing it every other week and I'd like to see you do it more often,
but no pressure.
What's with that?
What you're being so rude.
That's a compliment.
I am a guest.
No, that's a compliment.
That means I want more of it.
Right.
How's that a bad thing?
Okay.
Good things come to those who wait.
That's true.
Um, you know, the easiest way to hear us is just to go over to a game, buoy.org.
Um, but you know, we're also on iTunes game, buoy podcast, hard to miss.
And the art actually looks like a little game boy, but get it boy.
It's great.
I like it.
All right.
Um, what, uh, Oh, let me ask one other question about your podcast.
Um, you, since, since you have a lot of like timeless segments, a lot of your shows, you
know, are, are, you can go back and listen to it now, even though some of the news might
be outdated, you know, the, you got a good, good chunk that's timeless.
What do you think is one of like your best episodes of the ones you've done so far?
Like if I, if I need to go back and find like a good conversation, which one would you like
recommend most?
Okay.
So, um, the longest episode we've done so far is that we did sort of a breakdown on
the narrative themes and tropes of Bioshock infinite, um, a game, which as a game, I was
kind of not really super satisfied with, but I thought actually did some interesting things
from a storytelling standpoint, which is not something I normally even think about in terms
of games.
We talked about that for a couple of hours and I was really happy with how it, how it
came out, uh, despite it being unpleasantly long.
Well, you know what?
This show's really unpleasantly long most every week, so it's all good.
Um, and we also, uh, we had a pretty in-depth discussion on, uh, LGBT issues in games, um,
and we're actually going to do a follow up on that this summer.
So I'm very excited.
This is a good part to plug the gamer X panel that is coming up, uh, the gamer X is what
the first weekend in August in San Francisco, right?
And so a bunch of us are all teaming up to do a panel, but the panels are being voted
on right now at gamerconnect.com and our panel is podcast X zone, right?
And it's going to be, and I hope I don't miss anybody.
It's going to be, I'm representing OLR and we're going to, we're hopefully getting some
folks from courthouse too.
And then of course, game buoy podcast, uh, the Koopa club guys out of Chicago are coming
out.
They're going to be there.
And, uh, well game bar I think has representation, right?
Am I leaving anybody out so far?
I think it's those shows.
I think that's it.
Although we are in talks with a couple other other podcasts for representation.
Yes.
So, um, podcast X zone at gamer connects, it's going to be fun.
And I hear they're announcing the guests for gamer con later tonight.
So that's, um, that's exciting.
That's going to be a fun show.
Um, all right.
By the way, before I, before I turn to talk to Tim for a minute, I need to address, um,
some people are talking about my audio tonight that I sound a little different.
So when we were taping live on Bobby Black Wolf, like my usual mic, like died.
So in just a few minutes before we went live tonight, I kind of had to resort to a plan
B. So if I sound a little more distant than usual tonight, I apologize.
Uh, it's just, you know, we had to do a last minute switch or you wouldn't be able to hear
us at all.
We replaced Rob with a pod person.
Well, I guess I sound a little more distant and I can even see like my levels aren't coming
up as usual.
And I just don't have the time, like trying to fix it on the fly and I kind of can't like,
I'll try to make it a little louder, but, um, hopefully it won't sound too terrible
when I listen back to it later because, uh, Shane's messaging me in the chat, like you're
going to hate listening to this later because you sound off.
That's probably accurate.
All right.
Um, anyhow, let's move on.
Uh, Tim, you don't have a podcast.
I don't, I'm sorry to hear that, but you know, you're, you're coming on our show the first
time.
It's a brand new world.
Uh, you work in the games industry.
I do.
Who do you work for?
I work for crystal dynamics.
And what, what would we know out of crystal dynamics?
Uh, we just released a game called Tomb Raider.
Oh, I think I've heard of that.
Yes.
Yeah.
Didn't you guys do that mad cross game that never came out?
No, that was crystal dreams.
Oh yeah.
Do you, do you get that?
Do people get confused with the other companies?
Like I know a telltale and traveler's tales all the time.
I don't think I've ever gotten confusion about who we are.
I think, uh, I've gotten a lot of people who, who wonder who are you and then I'll say something
like Tomb Raider or I'll say legacy of Kane and suddenly like, Oh, are you going to make
a new legacy of Kane?
Um, that's probably the most common question.
Are you?
No comment.
Of course.
Of course.
All right.
No, I, I totally respect that obviously.
Um, uh, but there's, there's that DLC for guardian of light that you could go get it
right now.
Wasn't that enough?
Wasn't that enough?
Uh, what, what do you do?
So when you say you work on a game like Tomb Raider, what, what did you, what did you do?
So I am a software engineer, meaning I programmed the computers that make them do things.
Um, specifically I work in physics and collision and simulation.
So a lot of the stuff that moves based on your rigid body or cloth, uh, that was me.
So when something goes through a wall, we blame you?
Uh, sometimes you can blame me.
Or when the clothes clip.
When the clothes clip, you can definitely blame me.
Okay.
That's a good thing.
You didn't work on one of the games I played this week.
Cause there was that problem all over, not, not Tomb Raider, maybe clear, not Tomb Raider,
but something else.
I was like, wow, like I could see Tim playing this game and like twitching nervously as
he's playing it.
That tends to happen.
Does that happen when you play other games?
I you're like, this is, this is, I would have done this so different.
I'm always in that zone.
So I always see those things and that's what I'm looking at.
I'm looking at the performance of their physics.
I'm looking at the performance of all of their simulation stuff and I'm incredibly critical
and sensitive to those issues.
So specifically, what did you do for Tomb Raider?
Was it, was it all that, that you just named like the clothes and some of that?
Yeah.
All the, uh, you know, a lot of the puzzles are physics based.
That was sort of one of the design goals to make it sort of a living realistic world when
it's driven by physics.
It just feels right to your brain when you see it moving.
Well, yeah.
And when characters don't move right, people, you know, that's, that's one of the first
things games will get razzed for is like, like for instance, captain spike and I always
have this great debate about the game ice climber on the NES and I talk about how the
game is amazing.
There's no debate.
What?
There's no debate.
No, there's totally a debate.
And uh, the game is, but the characters jump really weird and it's like you have to get
used to the physics in the game before the game makes any, you know, sense.
So yeah, when physics are wrong, when especially a character's physics are wrong, you feel
it right away and you don't necessarily know what it is, but it just feels wrong to your
brain.
How long ago does a game like Tomb Raider start?
Like how long is the production cycle for a game like Tomb Raider?
How long ago did you know you're going to work on Tomb Raider?
About five years ago.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
It's been a while.
So how long did you have to keep that a secret?
Cause they only announced that what?
Two, two and a half years ago.
I had to keep that a secret for, yeah, probably about three years.
Oh my gosh.
It was that hard.
Um, not really.
I'm pretty antisocial.
That's the key to NDA.
Be a hermit.
Exactly.
You don't go on podcasts for one.
That's a good way to make sure.
How did you get into that?
Like what, or let me take a step back.
What made you say, I want to do physics and video games?
Like obviously you must've kind of narrowed your path as you went, but how did, how did
you end up where you're at?
You know, that's a good question.
I've been a science nerd all my life.
I've also been a computer nerd and there was this obvious cross section I didn't see at
the time, but you know, I went to, I went to undergrad for, for computer science and
later I went to grad school and I did some more computer graphics and gaming centric
studies and I sort of wanted to bring my science background into that and I found simulation
was sort of the perfect world for me to do some research in.
How'd you get hooked up with Crystal Dynamics?
Um, I had a ex classmate who worked there as an artist and he got me an interview and
I just happened to be at the right time that they were looking for someone, you know, straight
out of grad school and it was the perfect position for me.
So I sort of lucked out.
Tell them you know someone who does print material.
Stop trying to use this interview as a platform for your own agenda.
Um, okay.
Going back to Tomb Raider for a minute.
So like, you know, obviously a lot of people are playing this game right now.
I will re I will respect the situation and not bring up that story that everybody's talking
about when it comes to sales and all that, but the game's great.
Okay, that's you.
That's, you know, I even if you weren't my friend, I truly believe the game is great
and I think a lot of people feel the same way.
Um, how or when somebody like plays a game like Tomb Raider and you obviously do a lot
with the physics and the environments and so forth, what do you think people miss?
Like is there is there something that like you pay a special attention to detail to this,
but you think people I don't want to say this so that people don't appreciate it, but like
maybe it like goes unnoticed this, this work that you do?
Well, certainly there's a lot of different types of gamers who play Tomb Raider and you've
got the people who run right through the game and of course those people have to play the
puzzles, which are based on physics.
So that's sort of shoved in their face.
They can't miss that.
But there's a lot of nice little touches, little environmental effects, little rigid
bodies that are around the world to make the, you know, everything come to life.
Bits of cloth flapping in the breeze and that stuff, you know, we spend a good amount of
time on that to make that look good and natural and it makes the whole environment come alive,
but it's not something every gamer is going to sit and look at, they sort of will just
run by.
And of course there are the explorers who want to go around and explore every nook and
cranny and so they're going to see all those little things.
They're going to see every detail that's not correct.
That sounds like people that play Skyrim is probably a very similar approach.
You know, you have some people that are just like, I want to just kill all the villagers
and dah, dah, dah.
And then, you know, some people are like, I'm going to pick every flower to do, right?
Although it's a good thing, Laura Croft can't pick flowers or can she?
She can.
Oh my God.
There are plants to pick.
That's right.
I guess I'm one of those people who just wants to shoot.
Well, I'm having Resident Evil flashbacks, you mix the green herb.
And all of those plants that you can run past and then they rustle as you run past them
and move.
I made those.
Nice.
So I talked a minute ago about how the game is being well received.
Like is that when you go on Metacritic or one of those sites and you see that, you know,
overall the reception you're getting is positive.
Like is that is that important for somebody like you?
Like when you look at reviews and that positive affirmation, is that is that something you're
like, oh, I'm so happy to see that.
Or are you like, it doesn't really change anything?
You know, I'm really proud of the game.
I'm really happy with the whole thing and I'm really happy with the stuff that I did.
And I like to tell myself, I don't care what the reviews say, but I'll be honest.
I love praise.
So, I mean, being completely blunt here, it's great.
It is great to read those reviews.
And it is sad to read the ones that are not super glowing and they really like stick in
my craw.
But, uh, sure.
Sure.
It's, you know, it's the same thing when I go look up reviews for the show, like I'll
go on iTunes and they'll be five star reviews.
I'm like, oh, that person was so awesome to leave that five star review.
And that was awesome.
And then you go to like a one star review where, you know, it's like everybody's screaming
all the time and I'm just like, okay, I'm going to take that.
At least no one's told you to shut up and get in the kitchen.
Do you remember that one?
Did that really happen?
Yes, that really happened.
What is wrong with people?
This was like after our second year.
So yeah, I know what you mean.
Hey Rob, was that five star review from Mrs. Roberts?
No, it was from the other Mr. Roberts.
There's something about me you might not know.
I was implying that was your mother.
It was from Rob Robson.
Oh, uh, okay.
So everybody in chat is talking about the death scenes and they're like the death scenes,
the death scenes.
And, and did Tim, did Tim do all this stuff with the death scenes?
All right.
I, let me, let me ask you about, I think of when I think of Tomb Raider, I think of the
Conan O'Brien review.
Did you see the Conan O'Brien?
I did.
Did you all sit around in your office and watch it?
Oh yeah.
And there's that, there's that part where, you know, they're, they're doing the, the,
the tree thing over and over and over and they're playing it up for laughs like, but
that's kind of like a serious thing.
It is.
But did you, did you notice the, the quality of the laughs?
They weren't just, Oh, that's hilarious.
It was like every time it was first, Oh, then, then laughter like it didn't lose its impact
after they played it 10 times.
People were still cringing at it.
I mean, I've seen that, that hundreds of times and I still cringe when I see it.
It's kind of gross.
Just saying.
Oh yeah.
I think I've made my decision on what I'm getting on Steam.
I thought you already had the Tomb Raider.
No, cause I didn't have the money at the time.
You know, there's, there's things in Tomb Raider that are kind of like, I, I, I see
it.
I don't know if it was intentional, but I see elements of like Metroidvania, like that
type of thing that I don't think was really in Tomb Raider before, but I kind of see it
in there now.
Um, do you, do you draw inspiration from other games for Tomb Raider?
Cause I know you don't just play Tomb Raider all day, every day, like, cause clearly you're
wearing a Mass Effect hoodie, but I'm also wearing a Tomb Raider t-shirt.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I know.
But, uh, since you don't just play Tomb Raider all day, every day, do you, do you get inspiration
from other games?
Do you, do you see things in other games that, you know, you, you want to do with Tomb Raider
or?
I do.
I'm not really the one making those decisions.
That's the creative and the design team.
So while there may be games that I like, and I think, Hey, we should, we should take, you
know, take this element from that game because it's awesome.
Cause there's something to learn there.
It's not going to go ignored, but it's really, it's not really my place.
It's not the, it's not the problems I'm trying to solve.
And there are far more creative and talented people at Crystal Dynamics solving those problems.
But yes, they do.
They definitely take inspiration from other games, from other media.
We got a lot of inspiration for this reboot from movies like The Descent and Rambo.
Oh my God.
It wasn't.
Okay.
So when I reviewed Tomb Raider on the show, I totally compared it to The Descent.
And I'm like, it is, it is totally like that movie.
We had some like shot for shot scene call-outs to scenes in The Descent.
We sat like as a studio back in pre-production, we sat around and we watched that movie.
It's so scary.
It scared the crap out of me.
I will never watch that movie again.
I saw that on the big screen.
Okay.
That movie creeped me out so hard.
Oh my gosh.
I still like what Alan called the game though, Lara Croft's really bad, no good, terrible,
very bad day.
Or whatever that book was.
No, I think he also just called it Girl.
So Girl is the first, the first girl game.
No, it's the first Tomb Raider game that has multiplayer, you know?
And so multiplayer, you know, I do the other show about Warcraft.
We talk about PvE and PvP all the time.
PvP is unpredictable.
You know, you don't know, you know what computers are going to do.
You know what attacks the, the, the, the, the boss monsters and so forth are going to
do, but you don't know what other people are going to do.
Does the unpredictability of multiplayer cause like different things when you're planning
environments and things like that?
Do you have to look at it, take a different approach to that or similar?
I actually didn't work on multiplayer.
What?
Multiplayer was, was done by our sister studio up in Montreal, Eidos Montreal.
So it was made in a relative vacuum with the single player game.
We worked on single player in Redwood City and then in Montreal, they worked on multiplayer.
So of course there was a little bit of collaboration to keep things in sync, but I was not part
of the active development of that.
Interesting.
Okay.
Have you played the multiplayer?
I played a little bit of the multiplayer.
I shot some people and then I got killed about 10 times more than I shot people.
You also worked on Guardian of Light a few years ago, right?
I did for a little while.
I tend to bounce around at the studio.
That was good.
Yeah.
I liked Guardian of Light too.
Well, Guardian of Light was more like an arcade-y for me.
Yes, exactly.
I mean, that's not a bad thing.
It's just, you know, this was on Xbox Live Arcade.
This was supposed to happen, right?
So here's the thing though, is that here's what I don't understand about Guardian of
Light and I need help, is that, you know, you have the Guardian of Light game and that's
Laura, but then there's the reboot Laura.
So you've got, is there two Loras now or did this game kind of like, no, Guardian of Light,
you know, was like, it's not really about that anymore.
It's about like Laura or what?
Yeah, this game was a complete reboot.
We're going to start over.
We're going to create a brand new, you know, a brand new property.
We're going to do everything over.
So anything that happened beforehand, it all happened in the past.
It was a different game.
It was a different universe.
We want a fresh start.
We don't want to be, have any baggage from any other games.
So this is the equivalent of Marvel's Ultimate Universe.
I can't say I'm an expert in that, but yes, I suppose so.
Okay.
Except I think it will be less lame than the Ultimate Universe is sometimes.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, I'll stop, I'll stop bugging you about Tomb Raider because I know, you know, when
it comes to the day job, there's only so many things you can't, you do and you don't want
to say.
Let me, let me just turn it over to you for anything general.
Like, is there anything you want to tell the listeners about Tomb Raider or, you know,
about your work or what have you?
I really think you guys should all buy it.
Really appreciate that.
Actually, I should ask you a couple of the general things I asked him.
How did you get into just not, not even this Tomb Raider and programming and all this,
how did you get into just games?
Why are you like a video gamer?
I was a video gamer as far back as I can remember, like really young.
We had an Atari 2600 in the house.
No one else in my family cares about video games except for me.
My dad bought it because he thought it would be a hoot.
And then I sort of like, this is mine.
I want to, I want to have this all the time.
And so I always bugged them to buy me the new systems and I only got a few.
I got the NES.
They wouldn't buy me a Super Nintendo and that was the worst thing in the world.
But like the best thing in the world was to go over to like my cousin's house or certain
neighbors who had a Super Nintendo because that was, that was the coolest shit ever.
So I was a big computer nerd.
I liked to program.
When I first taught myself how to program, it was in Q basic and I, the first things
I did was try to make games and they were horrible, awful, like they weren't even games.
They were just like shapes floating around and weird sounds, but I was trying.
And so I sort of knew my calling from a very young age.
That's awesome.
So that's kind of, you just, you just started, you made your own little games and then it
just kept evolving and evolving and now you work in the industry.
Exactly.
That's awesome.
Do you have any advice for people that might be wanting to get into the games industry?
Like people listening to this show that are still in school, like, yeah, I kind of want
to, I want to work in games.
You have any advice?
Uh, yeah.
Uh, you know, make games.
A lot of people who want to go into games will go and say, I'm going to be a programmer
so I'm going to go do computer science or something.
But when they're done with that program, if they don't have anything to show that's related
to games, it's really hard to convince someone who can only hire two or three more engineers
that you're worth it compared to the other 20 people who want that job.
So as early as possible, start making games.
They don't have to be great.
You can start modding other games.
You can start scripting within packages.
You can use free engines like Unity.
There's a lot of resources out there.
So make as many games as you can.
Show people that you're passionate about it.
Uh, look at our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Um, ActDeaf says your parents wouldn't buy you a Super Nintendo.
Worst parents ever.
They are the worst parents ever.
Never forgive them for that.
That's not nice.
I had to save up my own money to buy a Nintendo 64 when that came out.
I had to cut a lot of grass.
That's awesome.
Uh, let's see.
BlackWolf says I wrote games in Q Basic 2.
Did you ever play the Gorillaz game in Q Basic?
That was one of the samples.
It was like a game where you just throw bananas at each other.
It was great.
Did you do Q Basic 2, Loki?
I played around with Q Basic.
We like, I don't know.
I change colors of things and, you know, I also have the strategy of setting the speed
of the banana to be super high so that you sort of clip through the buildings.
So you throw it and you get stuck in the middle of the building and you just keep throwing
it in a straight line to the next person.
Ah, the classic tunneling problem.
I just remember making the ball bounce on my Texas Instruments computer.
That was the extent of anything I've ever programmed.
Oh, the games I made on my TI-82.
I love that game.
See, I couldn't do any of that shit.
I just wanted to talk about games with all my friends.
I'm with you on this.
Right?
Look where we ended up.
See, now when I get a game, I have to mod it.
I had to drop out of my calculus class because that's all I did was play with my TI-82.
I was trying to make a Final Fantasy fighting game type thing and I got the engine done,
but I mean, the TI-82 sucks.
Well Square finally did one years later on the PSP, right?
Yeah.
There was a guy in my class who sat during the entire class and by the time he was done,
I was playing a pole position on his graphing calculator.
It was awesome.
Awesome.
Yeah, that's another good piece of advice, actually.
Start small.
You laugh at a TI-82, but the constraints there were so tight that it forces you to
be creative.
I will say, I used to play Commodore 64 all the time when I was younger and would do the
basic, but I would start to type in the programs that were in the back of magazines, right?
And then try to modify them a little bit to meet my needs.
If I changed a color or something, then I'd be like, I'm the shit.
I changed the color.
You know?
So I don't know.
This is me.
Okay.
One more question, then we're going to get into our gaming weeks.
But same thing I asked Spike a minute ago, what is like your favorite video game ever?
You're not allowed to name something you worked on.
Oh, damn it.
I'm taking that off the table right now.
So what's like your favorite video game ever?
You know what I'm really bad at?
Coming up with favorites.
Yeah?
Hmm.
Well, I'm wearing a jacket from Mass Effect and I'm a huge sci-fi nerd.
Mass Effect is one of my favorite series.
So Jamie's like...
That's why we're all friends.
We're great friends because of that.
But and to create a little controversy with Spike, Super Mario Brothers 3.
I'm going to say Super Mario Brothers 3.
Your opinion is wrong and you should feel bad for having it.
Is this like a thing?
It's a little bit of a thing.
Like Super Mario Brothers 3 versus Super Mario World?
Yeah.
A little bit comes from a place of bitterness for not owning Super Mario World, but...
Oh, so it goes back to that again.
Well Captain Spike, what's your problem with Mario 3 then?
He didn't know in Super Mario World because the parents wouldn't get him a Super Nintendo.
What's your hatred towards Super Mario Brothers 3?
If we're being completely honest, it's just me being a hipster.
Everyone loves it so I hate it.
I'm glad you said it because I was going to say it if you didn't.
Yeah, I knew you were.
That's why I cut you off.
What are your thoughts on Ocarina then?
Oh, I am not a fan of Zelda at all except for Majora's Mask and Link's Awakening.
Well you know what guys, I think I'm going to help you guys out here with this whole
Mario Brothers 3 and Mario World thing.
There's really only one way we can solve this and that is to ask the audience, ladies and
gentlemen.
So I'm going to put up a live poll at live.vognetwork.com right now and the question goes like this.
Which is better, Mario 3, Super Mario World, or neither one, jeez.
I'm surprised you didn't put Super Metroid on that list.
No because this is about the Mario's there.
Remember you have to be a registered participant at live.vognetwork.com and you'll see that
pop up right there underneath the chat and you can vote in the poll.
Which is better, Mario 3, Super Mario World, or neither one, jeez.
Either it was Mario is missing.
Mario typing?
We'll get to the results here momentarily.
Looking at the results as they're coming in, of course it's tied.
I mean you said that, it switched.
Oh Mario World just took the lead.
And then there's someone who's like no one.
Oh look, it flipped again.
Someone did do a no one curve vote.
Yeah, oh Mario 3 just pulled way ahead.
We'll see.
Alright.
We'll get to the results for you here momentarily.
But first I think, first off thank you Tim, you did great for your first podcast.
I learned some stuff.
Thank you.
Thanks for having me.
No problem.
Thanks for dealing with me.
Please.
You'll stay here and comment randomly on other things throughout the show with Captain
Spike, right?
Yes?
Good?
Or no, you're out of here.
Bye.
No, just kidding.
Yeah, we're going to take the pizza and go.
Alright, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have
been playing this week.
So Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off?
I figured out I'm old.
I played DDR last night.
I felt like death warmed over after I was done.
I can't beat an eight footer anymore, Rob.
Wait, I can't do superstar anymore, Rob.
Well, I don't think you're going to be able to just do it the first game either, you know?
You know what you need?
Hmm?
She needs a montage.
I do not need a freaking montage.
It's where you get better in a short amount of time.
That is true.
Gotta have a montage.
I'm actually, though, we're hooking back up the DDR pads in the front room because I have
nothing else to do.
I'm unemployed.
So I also, I guess I can say now that I'm playing it, even though I can't say anything
else about it, is I'm playing the beta Final Fantasy 14.
Yeah, they did a partial NDA lift on that tonight, which still doesn't make sense to
me.
You can talk about, what, character creation and Gridania, but you can't talk about anything
else.
I have a cat girl.
And I have a midget.
That's it.
And Gridania is full of trees.
How's that?
You think that works?
It's lovely.
Thank you.
So it's Windurst.
I don't know why they changed the names of all the characters.
I mean, just keep the races the same.
Why do you have to change the name?
Are they the Mikote is what the cat people are?
Yeah.
Seriously, Taratar or Lala, whatever the hell is.
The first time I saw Lala fell, I misspelled it as falafel.
So now I call them the falafel people, but I know I can't really give my opinion of it,
but it's, I'd say graphically on par with modern.
Which is good.
Definitely.
It's going to be a PlayStation 3 game.
I would say in a term of graphical sense, just in processing, in the processing power
required, it's definitely a big step over a while.
That I'm sure I can say.
So anyway, so I've been playing that, no more until June, I started playing Phantasy Star
Online 2, thanks to one of our lovely listeners, Prince Brightstar.
And I actually, there was a patch that happened after I started playing.
So I basically got through the whole tutorial level and I've made my little red head Newman
person chick.
And I want an Oppa Oppa mag.
I don't care.
I worked my ass off to have an Oppa Oppa in the first Phantasy Star Online and god damn
it, I'm going to have another Oppa Oppa and I'm going to have a Master System because
Sega nerd.
Even though I did have a Super Nintendo as a kid, technically it was my brothers, but
I did convince my mother to buy it so I could take it over.
And we had Rock Band at my birthday party, which I talked about.
We left Rock Band out, so I did some, I tried singing alone.
I played Minecraft last night trying to get this, someone made the Ocarina of Time map
in Minecraft, so I was trying to get it to load and I still can't figure out how to get
it to load as its own world, so whatever.
And so instead I just went around in my house digging more gopher holes in my house.
And god what else did I play, I played something else, oh Drunken Robot Pornography.
Which is super awesome, it's like jumping flash on crack, I've been telling everyone
about it.
And I got the indie pack last night.
I've only installed, well it's not really an indie pack because it does have Back to
the Future, all five parts of the Back to the Future series from Telltale, and right
now the minimum pay on it is like five bucks, but if you pay eight, then when the extra
content comes out then you get all that, and you get like, there's another one that's like
cargo something, it looked interesting, it was a neat game.
So I've downloaded a few games, there's that Dungeon Quest or something, it's like a puzzle
game.
But it's sort of a side scrolling combat puzzle game.
Oh the Dungeon Hearts.
Yeah Dungeon Hearts, that's it.
Shane just did a review of that, it just went up on VoG today.
Yeah it was part of the deal, so I mean I spent like eight bucks and got some good games
and got a really neat chiptune soundtrack that came with it.
And I didn't play any of them yet, I just installed a few of them because I have been
working on projects.
And that's my gaming week.
Before we go to Loki.
One last thing, Dan's been playing Grid 2.
The racing game?
Yes, with his three monitor setup.
He's such a man.
So manly dudely.
I put 15 seconds of him playing it on my tumblr, just to show off what his setup looks like,
so that's it.
Awesome.
Going to the results of our live poll before I go to Loki.
The results of the live poll, which is better, the winner with 54.17% of the vote, Mario
3.
Hells yeah.
Captain Spike, sorry about it.
I'm going home.
You taking your ball and going home?
Alright so Mario 3 is the winner there.
But there was a couple votes for neither one, jeez.
But at least it didn't win like the Nintendo question we asked last week.
Alright Loki, how was your gaming week?
I bought stuff too, I bought the Grand Theft Auto collection.
Okay so, what the hell, seriously Rockstar Games, during the weekend it's supposed to
be the Steam sale, okay, it's on sale during the weekend.
And then today they're like, guess what, we're pulling fucking double sale, we're marking
down again.
I'm like, fuck you, I just bought that shit yesterday for twice the price.
I mean it was 25 bucks for all the Grand Theft Auto games, but now it's 12 bucks for all
the Grand Theft Auto games.
So you should seriously buy that if you haven't bought it yet.
So I picked that up, and then also the indie bundle as well, haven't really installed anything
other than Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
Still haven't played that though.
Been playing Saints Row the Third on PC, just trying to 100% everything.
Technically according to the game I am 100% right now, because I have all the unlockables
and stuff.
But I need to do all the Saints book stuff, which is really boring from what I remember
the last time.
It took me off so much that I lost my save on my 360 because I had all that pretty much
done except for one carjacking, or one car theft mission.
So I have to do it all over again.
I played a little bit of Surgeon Simulator 2013.
Oh we were talking about that last week, that video was hilarious that you were showing
us.
That game is fucking hilarious.
It's just awesome.
DM got grossed out.
I just don't know, I still haven't figured out how to do the heart surgery, I had to
go watch it on YouTube or something.
I managed to, it was kind of gross but funny at the same time.
So I was like, okay, I'm going to take out all the ribs, because that's the only way
I can get to the heart and get these organs out of here.
So I took out all the ribs.
The lung was still stuck though, so I had to jiggle it back and forth, and it made a
squishy sound as you were doing it.
You know, trying to get the lungs out.
So then I got the lung out, and it kind of flung out, so it landed on the floor or something.
And then I got the other lung out, and I did the same thing with, I don't know, something
that was in the bottom, I think it was the liver or something, I can't really tell.
Organ three, I don't know.
Still can't figure out how to get the heart out though, because the stomach and the esophagus
are still in there, and I can't figure out how to cut it or rip it out.
So I don't know, I still can't pass that.
So I just threw the heart in there and the alarm clock, and I assumed that it was a no.
Try pickaxe.
Pickaxe?
I tried the axe, I tried the saw, all I did was kill him.
So I don't know.
I saw someone trying to do that one, and there was a stint that you could insert in, but
this is the one that Dan and I were watching, and we just got through the whole part where
the guy's messing with his desk and trying to put the floppy.
Oh, that was hard.
Yeah, I finally got one of the floppies in there, and I'm like, oh, this is it?
I was like, just swallow some pills, you've got diazepines, so swallow some pills and
calm yourself.
Okay, Dungeon Buster's talking about this game in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
saying the kidney transplant video was hilarious.
The guy tossed the patient's colon out of the back of the ambulance.
What is wrong with this game?
Best game ever, or best game ever.
Don't make me go to a live poll.
It's pretty awesome, I mean, it is pretty awesome.
But so yeah, I played a bunch of that, and then actually something I'm gonna try to bring
back that I tried this week, very short notice so no one joined, it's fine, because I still
had fun playing it.
I had a birthday dinner I had to go to.
It's cool, no worries, seriously, it was very short notice, I decided, hey, let's bring
back VoG game night.
So that's what I'm gonna start doing, Thursdays, 8 to 10-ish, you know, pick a game.
It doesn't matter, whatever, you can live stream something, I don't care.
I already promised Mass Effect 3 playthroughs on Thursday.
Well that's fine.
Well why don't you play Mass Effect 3 with the VoG losers?
Oh fuck no, I'm not playing Mass Effect 3.
No, VoG game night will never be Mass Effect 3, I'm sorry, unless I'm out one night and
then you can host it.
At any game convention, there's multiple games to pick from, so I'm sure it'll be fine.
So this coming week, I'm gonna do a repeat of Minecraft XBLA, which is fine, because
I haven't actually played that in a while, so I played that for like two or three hours
and it was fun.
I miss that, because even with Minecraft, because we're playing creative right now on
the server that we have up, the VoG server, but survival's kind of fun, I mean, for a
while, and then you want to start getting creative with it and cheating and stuff, but
for now, I mean, it was a lot of fun, so it was kind of fun to kind of play something
different than just creative mode, and I forgot that you have to eat.
I'm like, oh shit, that's right, you have to do that now, so it was kind of fun.
So I played that, and god, what else?
I know there's gotta be some other shit I played.
Oh, you know, Call of Duty, actually I've been playing Call of Duty Marvel Warfare 3
through the campaign, because I've been running out of people to play multiplayer with, we're
trying to get more people in, so played a little bit of multiplayer, but played a lot
of the campaign, and it's okay, it's kind of comparable, and then I think I played Defiance
one of these nights, which is, it's still fun.
Good.
Did you watch the show?
Are you watching the show too?
No, I'm not watching the show, it's a sci-fi show, come on, I know where the bar is set
on that, okay?
How rude!
Isn't he rude right now?
Rude?
I'm sorry, sci-fi, purveyors of such wonderful films as Sharktopus.
Oh, oh, oh, you meant sci-fi the network.
No, sci-fi the network, no, I'm not doggin' sci-fi, like, the genre, I'm saying sci-fi
the TV network.
Alright, well that's acceptable.
That's fine.
I mean, I just...
Man-skeeto.
I'm sorry, I'm sure it's good, but it's just, I'm not into the world, I mean, if it was
like a Borderlands game, it'd be even better, but I just don't...
You're not excited about Sharknado?
That is, like, who's in Sharknado?
It's like, legit a thing.
It's a real thing, yeah.
Megashark versus Giant Octopus, starring the wonderful Deborah Nielson.
No, here's something that it's kind of, I am kind of interested in seeing, or at least
seeing the riff tracks of, is they have a Birdemic sequel coming out, Birdemic 2.
That warranted a sequel?
Yeah, the guy thought it was good, and so he made another movie, like, he seriously
thinks it's good.
I think what he thinks is, hey, I make a really shitty movie and I make a ton of money
from it.
Done.
I'm gonna spend another 10,000 in five days.
Rob found it, Sharknado.
Sharknado will have Ian Ziering from Beverly Hills 90210, and Tara Reid is the star of
Sharknado.
Is she gonna be the shark?
I am here for that.
Wait, when does this come on?
I don't know, what day is, oh, um, I'm trying to look at IMDB'd if you go.
So what exactly is a Sharknado, is that like a tornado with sharks in it, or?
I, I, Tigerclaw, help me out, I need- Good idea, bad idea.
By the way, Rob, we do have to bring back your post-Hoard House multiplayer stream.
Oh yeah, I like, I like doing the live streaming for World War 1.
Where I turn into a very potty mouthed person.
What they need is just do land sharks.
Land sharks, and have like, you know- But it has to have, knock on the door and
go cannygram.
Alright, in the interest of time, I gotta derail this and get us back on track.
That's it, yeah, that was it.
So yeah, this week, Minecraft again.
So Minecraft XBLA.
I'll put up, there's gonna be a thread on the forums, hopefully we can put up like a
calendar or something like that so we can plan ahead with what's up, and also let me
know what games you want to play.
Not Mass Effect 3.
I will try to make this quick.
I had fun, we went to Golf Land, Spike, Tim and I yesterday, and, well not that there
was that much to play there, but I did play some DDR and I about died after one set of
songs because, you know, just being 34 now and trying to get up on the machine and just
jumping into a set of songs.
But come on, I don't have the stamina I had when I was 24 because I haven't been playing
DDR every day like I used to then.
So you know, and I don't work out or anything like that, so it's a little difficult to just
get up there and do it.
But it was fun.
There's a lot about DDR I really miss, so I just wanted to kind of throw that out there
for the long time Bimani fans.
There's one thing I forgot to say by the way, because I was at the arcade at John's Incredibly
Crappy Pizza, they had a doodle jump arcade game.
Yeah, they had that at RVGL too, I was surprised.
Yeah, so anyway.
They also have one for Fruit Ninja, but I think we've talked about that before.
As you were.
Alright, yeah, yeah.
Okay, so as far as console games go, we were playing a lot of fun stuff last night.
We were trying to find four player games on Xbox Live, so I think we touched, what, Perfect
Dark, Doom, Age of Swing, which somebody commented on Facebook, why are you playing
that?
I'm like, it's four players!
Shut up.
And You Don't Know Jack, which is probably the best out of the four player games.
This random ass Tetris game I had that wasn't bad either.
The THQ published one, yeah.
Yeah, it wasn't bad.
Tetris Evolution, it's years old, but not bad.
Okay, but as far as new games go, there was one new game I played, and I wrote a review
of this that you can read at vognetwork.com, and the game is Dead Island Riptide.
And I gave it a D plus on the site.
I didn't, there was a lot about it I didn't really care for, but I want to acknowledge
that I realize there's a lot of people that already know, like, Dead Island Riptide, I
am totally here for this.
Like, I want to dismember zombies in many creative ways, I want to make these new weapons,
I want the lols that come from, you know, the zombie murder fest, and, you know, kind
of like a B movie game, like Sharknado the game, basically, right?
So there's people that are totally going to be into that, and I can respect that.
And you know, this game is really for that crowd.
But for me, I found it to have a lot of technical challenges, like for instances, zombies that,
you know, I would be facing one direction, and I'd suddenly turn, and suddenly when the
zombies in my field of vision, it just, it was starting to get up, and it would just
fall down, and then get back up again, like, just this weird stuff that would happen.
Well, just kidding.
And then these shadow effects that were kind of not good, and some other, it's all environmental
too, Tim.
Yeah, I mean, the five minutes I saw of it, I wasn't, you know, super impressed.
So yeah, from a technical standpoint, I wasn't that satisfied.
I found it to be a bit repetitive, but you know, if you like the first game, this is
more of the same, which for fans of the first game, I'm sure is not going to be a bad thing.
So I kind of think you already know where you stand on Dead Island Riptide.
I'm not going to tell you.
Go check it out if you're on the bubble.
No.
Get a rental, maybe.
A rental with friends on a night you're all going to drink.
Great idea for Dead Island Riptide.
I guess that's it.
That's really all I want to say about games.
I want to hear about Spike and Tim and their gaming week.
So Captain Spike, what's a gaming week look like for you?
Mostly just Monster Hunter Ultimate.
I couldn't stand the demo of that game.
What's up?
The demo is awful.
Okay, so what am I missing by not, well, for one, I hate it when companies put out horrible
demos and it's been a trend recently.
Ni No Kuni, terrible demo, great game.
What else?
There was another one not that long ago.
It was really bad too.
It was Monster Hunter that I didn't know anything about Monster Hunter and I played this demo
and I'm like, nope, delete, but you are really into this.
What am I missing?
Well, you know, it's largely a skill-based game.
There is some advancement through gearing and what have you, but largely the whole point
of the game is sort of learning the mechanics, learning how the enemy behaviors interact
with their timing windows for when they're vulnerable to attack.
I really like it.
I think it's a very cerebral take on the action game, but the demo is awful.
It doesn't communicate what's expected of you at all.
It just gives you some big weapons, some toned down monsters and just says, oh, hack them
until they're dead, which, you know, cool, but I'm not really here for that.
But for the full game, I actually find it very compelling.
I've put in something like 120 hours already.
Wow.
That's commitment.
Yeah.
I'm the kind of guy I usually pick up games.
I'll buy a $50 game, play a couple of hours and never touch it again, which is an awful
thing.
I don't think that's cool.
You and me both, buddy.
That's why I felt comfortable saying that to you.
It's called Gamer ADD.
You know, oh, I'm going to check out some Dead Island Riptide.
Oh, shiny.
Yep.
Yep.
Oh, shit.
Steam's Tale.
Download, download, download.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But that and, you know, all of the gaming that you just mentioned that we did last night,
and I've been playing Super Mario World on Wii U and Mega Man 4 on my 3DS.
Good times.
You're a big fan of the Mega Man series, right?
Huge fan.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
So which one's your favorite out of all the games?
I'm giving you an expected look.
The number series.
I'm actually, I'm going to go with three.
Okay.
That's one of the two correct answers.
I can forgive you.
I do love two.
The problem is I've played it so many times that it's less of, oh, I'm enjoying doing
this, and more of like, oh, hey, watch me get through this stage without using Flash
Man's ability.
Yeah.
So you're talking about a Quick Man's level then?
Exactly.
Okay.
What's your favorite of the X?
The first one.
I don't even have to think about that.
I replay it every year.
I gave that to Rob recently.
Ross Seal UT in chat is also a fan of Monster Hunter 3 saying, excuse me, Monster Hunter
3 Ultimate, saying I'm over 70 hours into MH3U so far.
It's a fine game.
You just have to look at the manual and the home menu.
That is something that needs to be pointed out.
All the Wii U games I've gotten so far have manuals in the home menu, not a physical manual.
So read that manual.
Yeah.
That's definitely a good idea.
For some reason, for 3 Ultimate, they removed like the tutorials that used to be in-game
in the other iterations of Monster Hunter.
I don't really know why they did that, but it makes the manual even more important.
Interesting.
Yeah, it was funny.
Last night we were playing Tetris and I couldn't figure out like why our multiplayer mode was
not doing the line increase thing that you expect to see.
I was like, wait a minute, this game's from 2006.
It still has a manual.
Let me go find it.
Not, oh, let me get out my iPad and log on.
So Tim, what's a week in gaming look like for you?
How was your gaming week?
Hmm.
Well, I've been playing a lot of Picross 3D on my DS.
It's all casual.
I love it.
It's just a fun thing to do if I have five or ten minutes to, you know, right before
bed or I was playing it on the couch before the show started.
I played a little bit of Mass Effect 3 on Insanity because everything else is boring
and slow now compared to that.
And as Spike mentioned earlier, I played some Super Mario World, the inferior game to Super
Mario Brothers 3 judging you.
We played until I died about 15 times in a row to Matcha Koopa and quit in a fit of rage.
So yeah, I do that if I get too frustrated with something.
So does Rob.
I've done this.
This legitimately happened.
We were playing Ice Climber, but the part he leaves out is that he lost all his lives.
So I was just playing by myself and then I got frustrated and I said, you know what,
I'm done.
I got ten minutes.
They'll show.
Out.
And I haven't put as many hours into it as Spike has, but I've been playing Monster Hunter
as well.
I am new to the Monster Hunter series, so I came at it from a brand new perspective.
It's pretty daunting to just sort of plop you in the game.
And there's a lot about the game that I find really, really annoying in terms of the interface,
the tiny text, just the really clunky nature of getting quests and it all feels really
artificial.
But that all being said, I totally understand why the game works for people.
Like it really did in some way sink its teeth into me and I wanted to get that next set
of armor.
I wanted to kill that next monster.
So I did have a lot of fun with it, despite the frustrations.
I feel like I'm missing out on this game that everybody's into and I just couldn't get into
it.
I had a friend in Japan be one of the campers.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Camped out for, I think, three different Monster Hunter games.
Oh my gosh.
Having a manual probably helped.
I didn't look at the manual.
Spike was my manual.
And even then with somebody who knows what they're talking about, it's still hard.
That's a really steep learning curve to just jump into it.
ActDeft in our chat room asking, Captain Spike, you a King of Fighters fan?
I'm not sure if that came from an earlier conversation or what, but are you a King of
Fighters fan?
I am.
Someone had mentioned KOF in the chat.
Oh, that's where that came from.
Yeah.
Got it.
Is there a particular one in the series that you prefer or...
Well, I've been collecting the cartridges for my Neo Geo, so basically all the ones
I have already.
Okay.
Next time you come in town, bring them.
I have a Neo Geo.
Okay.
Actually, the last game I bought was KOF 2000.
Excellent.
Yeah.
I loved that Neo Geo back for you from Tokyo.
That was awful.
Thank you, though.
There was one that came out that was awful, though.
What was that KOF...
Was it 12?
It wasn't...
I mean, yeah.
It was basically unfinished.
Yeah.
My Shiranui wasn't even in it.
How do you do that?
It was awful.
And it was the one where both Kyo and Iori were powered down.
It was not a good one.
All right.
Well, if that's gonna do it for our gaming weeks, then let's get into some actual gaming
news.
Let's get into the show.
That's all right.
We've had some good chat so far.
I'm just gonna quickly say housekeeping.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We talked about the GamerX panel.
Did we get the link in our chat room?
I don't think we did yet.
Slidekick did for us, though.
Slidekick did.
Thank you very much.
Because all your upvotes, we need them to make that panel happen.
So please check that out.
And plan on coming out and saying hi.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news for the week.
And I think Loki's gonna start us off tonight.
What's going on in the gaming world?
So Microsoft's gonna finally say something about the next Xbox system on May 21st.
Was really supposed to happen, I guess, this month, and now it's May.
So May 21st, 1 p.m. Eastern, 10 a.m. Pacific, or 6 p.m. UK.
And that's all we know.
Except there's rumors.
A source.
Told Polygon some few things.
I love sources.
It's always a source.
Always a source.
Yeah, right.
All right.
Why not?
For shits and giggles, let's dissect this shit, too.
Come on.
Let's do it.
So there's some details that they're apparently talking about.
First off, you know, saying that yes, system will be always online.
However, it's not as bad as it sounds.
And you know, basically saying that also the system will be able to capture video and will
do so similar to a DVR and you'll be able to pick highlights and stuff that sounds very
similar to the PlayStation 4 and what they were talking about there.
And you'll be able to share those on the web.
And then also that it's gonna, the online only part of it, it is gonna have basically
kind of a check for your games, but they're gonna leave it up to the publishers to decide
whether the games are gonna be requiring a constant internet connection or not.
Oh, gee.
Yes, leave it in the hands of them.
That to me sounds like that the publishers will be handling servers and stuff.
So if live goes down, you can't play that game.
If their server goes down, you can't play that game.
Your internet goes down.
You can't play that game.
I don't know.
It sounds lame.
Yeah.
I mean, again, this is the same rumor that's been going.
Now it's just, it's a new spin on the same rumor and it's kind of like, I'm kind of sick
about theorizing on this one because I think also with so much fallout from that guy on
Twitter and the fact that, you know, we thought we were going to hear about this in April
and now it's May, it kind of makes me think a lot of this shit's still up in the air.
So I'm not sure we can really thumb down any of this online stuff yet.
Exactly.
And they say one of the other things that's gonna change is the way achievements are working.
They're saying they're gonna basically kind of remove the cap, I guess, for achievements
or anything.
It'd make it even easier for publishers and developers to add achievements later on.
Like say they want you to notice a certain thing or focus on a certain part of a level
or something they can.
Or download the DLC and make it the more achievements.
Well, they do that anyways, but yeah.
And then also they're saying that the friends list size is gonna increase.
Oh, finally.
The cap is going to be removed.
Finally.
It's about time.
That was supposed to happen several years ago when they shut off Halo 2, yes, I remember
that.
Yeah.
So apparently that's now going to happen somehow.
That one I believe, for what it's worth, I believe that one.
That seems legit, yes.
So yeah, I mean, I'm not even gonna bother debating this stuff to death because we've
done it already.
And I guarantee you with it, what, four weeks away, five weeks away from this reveal, we're
probably gonna have another fucking rumor article every goddamn week leading up to it.
Of course.
Because everybody wants to get those rumors out there because, God forbid, when actually
the information comes out and they're wrong, they'll say, well, the details changed.
We got shit.
We got you that news.
No shit, they changed.
They always do.
I was having a friendly debate on Twitter earlier this week with another podcaster.
Do you think they know the name?
I still don't think they know the name.
Xbox something.
Yeah.
I think it's gonna be an Xbox something.
My reasoning for that is that a lot of times they go back, I think with PlayStation, that's
another thing.
I mean, that's kind of, yeah, I think they're gonna call it PlayStation 4, it's a safe bet.
But in the case of Nintendo, they didn't pick Wii U until really close to that press conference.
And you might remember at E3, that signage, none of the signage said Wii U. Besides that
logo at their press conference, it all was new Nintendo console, da da da.
So this Xbox, they may still be, I mean, Hey, you gotta have a new name for this console.
You gotta go out in like two seconds here.
I don't know.
How about Chuck?
Is that what you're gonna do with it?
Wii U.
I'm just chucking in the trash.
Stop.
Have you already, you've made up your mind on the next Xbox without having seen the official
word?
No, I was just being a smart ass.
Oh, okay.
That's fair enough.
Um, I knew if I put this out there already before, if it's, if it's got a sort of like
online only, even if it's for DRM, which I don't like the idea of that.
You know, if it's going to prevent me from playing any of my games at all, if I'm not
connected to the internet, I'm not buying the console because I'm not connected to the
internet all the time at work where I play a lot of my games.
So it doesn't benefit me.
I don't have no, I don't have a need to do that when I can pick up another console or
keep the console I have and have no problems with it.
I just thought of a good name.
Hmm.
The ex tesseract.
Um, I, and I'm going to say what I said before on this whole thing too, is that, you know,
what's the trade off because we know what PlayStation four is bringing to the table.
We know it will play use games.
We know it doesn't require that ping and all this stuff.
And you know, the stuff they were showing in the press conference, why am I going to
opt for X box, whatever's more strict system?
What's the benefit, what's going to be the trade off.
And the other thing too, is if these are the only way they could get away with something
like that is if both them and PlayStation were doing it.
And then, then, you know, theoretically, if you're going to say, Oh, I have to buy, I
have to, I'm being held at gunpoint to buy a new system, you know, then I guess I'll
buy a Wii U or something.
And until it's like, ah, yay.
But no, I mean, seriously, I don't know.
I don't know.
They have this, honestly, I don't think we'll hear anything about whether it's online only
or whatever.
Cause they just won't talk about it.
Of course.
Yeah.
I mean, they're not going to say, Hey, there's DRM on this.
We're going to have to read between the lines on that.
It depends if they take questions from the press or not, which I kind of think the executives
will have to, they'll have to address it, but I think they'll, they'll have to talk
to investors.
I think there's going to be investors that want to know based on everything that happened
on Twitter.
So anyhow, uh, let's talk about things that you really can do on Xbox right now.
This is a reality right now.
It's the new pizza hut app available on the Xbox three 60.
Captain Spike, did you just perk up over there?
Yeah.
Well you just gave me a reason to turn on my Xbox for the first time in like a month.
Uh, well you can actually order pizza online from your three 60.
I haven't done this yet, but uh, what I love about it is that it's got that same cross
bar aesthetic that everything else on Xbox has, you know what I mean?
Like even if they have connect functionality, I bet it does.
Like I just, let me, let me just use my hand to wave over to the extra bacon toppings.
I wish it had like the stuff that Japanese pizzas do.
Like I want mayonnaise on my pizza.
You never know.
You never know.
Same one.
Remember the, uh, the old anti piracy ads from like five or 10 years ago, you wouldn't
down, you wouldn't download a pizza slash pizza.
Now you can.
Exactly.
It's a reality.
Awesome.
Uh, so yeah, you can order online, uh, through the app and I guess, I guess you, I haven't
done this yet, but I'm assuming it's probably not much different than ordering online.
I have ordered a pizza online.
You know, I think a lot of us have done that.
I imagine it's really not that much different than that.
Um, so why not?
And I like this quote from Larry Erb, uh, in an interview with Polygon.
He's major Nelson, of course.
Uh, we're always looking at ways to give our audience more of what they're interested in.
If you look at our audience, they love pizza.
I mean, who doesn't?
It has international appeal and Pizza Hut is a recognized brand that matches up well
with the Xbox brand, you know, right back there with the Mountain Dew and the Doritos
all sitting on the table.
I feel like that's a backhanded compliment.
I really want a Cheetos app now.
Hey, you got two Cheetos games.
Okay.
That's enough.
Or Doritos.
Dash of Destruction.
Come on.
Where were you?
All right.
So yeah, uh, you can order a pizza through your Xbox now, but honestly I like, I know
a lot of people are giggling, cackling, but technically, couldn't you fire up Internet
Explorer on your Xbox?
Go to pizza.com and you could have already done this.
It's just funny.
They made an actual app for it.
Does Pizza Hut.com have any sort of flash or HTML5 because it won't fucking work on
Internet Explorer.
Perhaps.
For the record, as we've been talking about in chat, there will be ways to download your
food because they've already got biological printers.
What's to say they're not going to have food printers at week?
It's it's the, um, the, what is it from Star Trek?
Replicators.
The replicator.
Stop the whirl over to get off.
And you can.
This is amazing.
You like food.
What is that supposed to mean?
I'm about to read my story and then go get more pizza.
Hey, I can print delicious non-down loaded pizza.
Hey, I can print stuff on paper with biological stuff right now.
I only print one color.
You don't need to know what you do at home.
I thought the FBI went after people that tried to do this biological stuff.
Anyhow.
I want a replicator so I can go T L gray hot.
Even though I really hate Earl gray tea.
I would like to tell you dungeon buster that Ron, the Romulan ale that you used to buy
at the Star Trek experience was lame.
Just get a warp core breach.
You won't feel your feet.
Okay.
More news.
Dark Sire.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So Nintendo, while you read this, I'm going to go get tea.
Hey Rob, get me some pizza too, please.
Thank you.
Hearts.
Do I look like your bitch?
I just want to get served.
Oh, you're about to get served.
You're about to get served.
Hearts.
Love you.
Mean it.
Okay.
Anyway, so, um, Nintendo is skipping E3 press conference.
They're going to be doing small conferences with direct material and they're trying a
new presentation style who they're, uh, so that they're focusing on the software lineup
for the US market and going to be doing closed events for American distributors and, uh,
another closed hands on event for the gaming media.
So yeah, they're like, E3, no, also, um, from the last Nintendo direct, they were, uh, putting
out release dates for a Wii U and a Nintendo 3DS games with the Yoshi Island and the Mario
Party and the Legend of Zelda linked to the past sequel, which I totally want.
Uh, but they're, uh, just trying to do it in smaller groups, let it out so that everybody
can be disappointed in increments.
I just, they did this last year with their, they had the press conference and then they
have three Nintendo directs and it just such a waste of time.
It was just so, it wasn't like there's a ton of information.
It's just they drug it on for so long.
It's like, okay, here, we're going to talk about 3DS.
Oh, and this one's about the Wii U, oh, and this one's about the 3DS games that are for
older kids.
And this one's about our press conference.
It's like, uh, yeah, well, it says that they're actually trying to be, um, I guess a little
more direct with how they're giving the information, but, uh, I don't know.
It just sort of does seem like kind of a snub at the whole E3.
And especially since Rob said earlier, the, the feel of E3 has changed.
It doesn't seem quite like the big information source that it used to be is turned into a,
look at our ads.
Look at the big circle thing that EA has in their booth every year.
You know, it's more about the flash and less about the information.
I think they just don't have anything new to show.
Um, I mean, it's not, you don't think Nintendo has anything new to show?
Yes, I do.
This is a make or break year for Nintendo.
Yeah.
For as far as that we use.
And how well have they done so far in the first third of the year?
Oh, fantastic.
I think they're really edging on the break side of Nintendo.
We could go three years ago on this very show and replace the word Wii U with 3DS and it
would be the same conversation.
Yeah.
And it took them a year to, to pull it around and a price drop almost immediately.
And who's to say that's not going to happen again?
I don't think it's going to happen again.
Here's why I don't think it's going to happen again.
It's because their 3DS is doing well and they're making plenty of profit from that.
So they don't really give a shit right now that the Wii U is not doing well.
I kind of get like, this was one of those articles, I read it, it was all over Twitter
and I was like, wow, that's really weird.
And then I go, well, you know, that makes a lot of sense.
Like people really just, you know, they've dumped on those Nintendo press conferences.
And I think that the element of the game of press conferences and so forth has changed.
They don't have a new console to show.
They only want to show games.
And you, you said it yourself a minute ago, people don't want to sit through all this
other crap that they don't care about.
Give me the information targeted at me.
Thank you very much.
Good night.
But they don't do that with the Nintendo Directs.
They, I think they drag on, I don't know, whatever.
I would rather just see press release links to trailers done.
I don't need to hear you about your fucking crap about, you know, the 25 year anniversary
of Luigi.
Especially when you go on about it long, long, long time and you're like, oh, by the way,
we won't actually have any really new games for Luigi other than the already announced,
you know, Luigi's Mansion game for 3DS, but we have DLC for a Mario game.
Sweet.
That's sort of Luigi.
That's like almost like a new game, but not.
See we understand online because we put out DLC.
We're hip.
We're cool.
We're just like those other consoles.
Love us.
So that's, I just don't think that they have anything new to show because look at it.
Okay.
The stuff that they're talking about releasing first quarter of this year hasn't come out
yet.
We're talking like third quarter when that stuff's finally hitting the market.
So really the only new thing, if you call it new, is going to be the HD remake of Windwaker
and maybe one more game, but that's it.
They don't really have much to announce.
Are they really going to talk about Pikmin again or Wii Fit U again or, you know, they
have 3DS games, which if, you know, they have a ton of 3DS games coming out, so no worries
there.
But as far as the Wii U goes, they don't really have anything to show.
Spike, I want to come to you with this because I know you've been following this stuff a
very long time as well and probably are going to say something about it on your own show.
What, do you think Loki's on the right track?
Well, I mean, you know, we, we know that they have a Mario universe as we're all expecting
it to be called and Kart 8, they've already said those are going to be playable on the
floor at E3 and, you know, they said they're going to show the new Smash Brothers game
in video and picture form.
So they have some things to show, but I don't think they have a great deal to show.
I think this is probably a good choice for them to do sort of a scaled down presentation.
I kind of have to agree after the flop-tasticness of the last couple of E3 conferences.
You know, and again, I appreciated at last year's E3, for example, that Nintendo took
a lot of time to talk about game mechanics and game design of Nintendo land of all things,
but still at least they were talking about game design rather than boobs and explosions,
I guess.
They did talk about boobs and explosions, I think they'd sell more consoles.
Sad commentary on games.
That sounds like my house.
You do know it has Bayonetta 2, right?
Eventually.
No, seriously.
I mean, that's the problem with Nintendo is they fucking, they talk of big game, like
how we're going to target the core audience.
We're going to target those older, you know, people that want to play games, you know,
on the Wii U and stuff.
And it's fucking child game, child game, child game, child game, Mario.
I mean, Mario sells it's, you know, for everybody, I guess, but there are no real, I don't think
they take it seriously.
They just kind of, you know, this time around they say, okay, listen, we're not going to
put on a lot of games right now, first quarter, because we're going to let third parties kind
of shine, I guess.
And then, wow, that, that, that, you know, amazing Spider-Man game from last year really
shown on your console and, oh, Need for Speed Most Wanted that came out back in the fall.
Woo, that, that's awesome now coming out in March, you know, it's the definitive version
now because it's...
Well, you know, Nintendo couldn't expect that Ubisoft was going to be like, LOL, bye bitch.
I still think that, uh, they're making a big mistake making Bayonetta 2 a Wii U exclusive.
Sega is.
I think they're going to lose on it.
I wouldn't exist without Nintendo though.
Yeah, Nintendo's the one that brought it back.
Same time Sega has done, taken a lot of risks on the Wii, I mean, look at, they put out
Mad World and stuff and Mad World is a pretty awesome game, but it's also an awesome game
didn't sell very well.
And also the Conduit was another Sega game that they put out, I think that was Sega.
I think that was Sega.
But, once again, another game that didn't sell well at all.
I just want to clarify, I don't think Sega's involved in Bayonetta 2, right?
But they own the IP, they are part of the licensing for the game to exist.
But Nintendo's bankrolling it, Platinum's been very open about the fact that without
Nintendo's involvement this game just wouldn't exist.
There you go, Bayonetta and Smash Brothers.
It's enough for me.
But I think that, as much as I love Bayonetta, it's not enough for me to go out and get a
Wii U because honestly the Wii U just does not bring that much new to the table, oh yeah,
we have a tablet, yay.
But if they put out Bayonetta 2 on multi-systems, hell yeah, I would buy it.
I'm just saying there's a lot of people who would have been into it.
I think it's going to be a repeat of the 3DS.
I think it's going to be fine come holidays.
Maybe I'll be wrong, but I think it's going to be just fine during the holidays.
I hope so.
I mean, I don't want to see them fail, but at the same time, it's been a console that
there's no reason for me to buy that system.
There's nothing that really wowed me about it.
The 3DS is like, oh hey, 3D games set without glasses, that's kind of cool.
Playing on the second screen, I don't really give a shit about that.
It's like, it's not that big a deal to me.
The one game I was excited about apparently sucks, so tank, tank, tank.
We've been playing on two screens for how long now with the DS, so that's not really
a new thing.
I think the big difference between the 3DS and the Wii U in terms of positioning is that
the 3DS sort of owns handheld right now, at least in the US.
There's the PSP, but that's it.
It's the PSP, I'm sorry, the Vita, but who owns the Vita, and the 3DS.
But the Wii U is coming online a year before a very crowded console market is launching
a brand new generation of consoles, and it doesn't seem to be in the same league hardware-wise
as the others, which is going to make multi-platform development difficult.
And also when we consider, though, that they're saying that now a lot of the market's kind
of going to the handhelds and phones and tablets and that kind of thing, and so if
you own the handheld market, who gives a crap if your console's not really doing that well
because those people probably have a 3DS and they're fine, or, you know, they can buy a
3DS.
All right, in the interest of time, and I feel like we've had this conversation before,
let's move on with the stories.
All right, so let's see, let's talk a little bit about more Wii U stuff.
As we've said, it hasn't been doing that well.
In fact, they have missed their target, which was just about three and a half million units,
and they missed it by 500,000, if I remember correctly.
They are targeting, though, for the next fiscal year, nine million units, so they're really
going to have to pick up the pace if that's going to happen.
I want to say that they've only sold, I think it was like 390,000 units just over the last
few months, and I think the first three months were 390,000 units, if I remember correctly.
And of course, 3DS is doing, you know, is rocking, they're up to 31.09 million units,
and the Wii's still getting close to 100 million, 99.84 million.
That's a lot of systems.
That's got to disappoint them that they've only been able to sell three point, almost
three and a half million when there's 99 million Wii owners out there.
That's no penetration.
And on top of that, Satoru Iwata, he is now the CEO, or the Nintendo of America CEO.
And just to be clear, Reggie Fils-Aime was not overthrown or anything like that, he's
still there.
I'm assuming this is more to kind of try to bring the two together, so that the two don't
operate in different silos, that's my thought, is a corporate move like this, but...
Well, Iwata's been definitely more upfront, you know, he's been kind of the figure in
all those Nintendo Directs and stuff, so...
It just wouldn't be the same without Reggie.
Well, he's still there, you know, he's not...
And his jaw.
Let me quickly cover this, this was already referenced a little bit ago, and I think a
lot of you guys kind of knew this already, Captain Spike mentioned a little bit ago,
Nintendo was, said before, Mario 3D, Mario Kart Wii U, they're going to be at the E3
show this year, but kind of the news in this is that there was a press release this week
from Nintendo of America and Nintendo Europe that said these games are slated in the next
few months, so you could infer that Mario 3D and Mario Kart Wii U, these are not titles
to be shown for 2014, these are titles to be shown for the holiday release.
Running down the list real quick, just so we're clear, these are games that Nintendo
says in the next few months, Mario Kart for Wii U, Super Mario Brothers for Wii U, Wii
Fit for Wii U, which has kind of fallen off the radar, but that's kind of one of those
games, they were pitching that in the beginning, and it disappeared, so it's kind of another
one of those games that, you know, oh, now you see it, now you don't, but Wii Fit could
be interesting, depending on what they do with it, that could be an interesting game
changer, Pikmin, which we knew, that's happening, Legend of Zelda, Wii U and Nintendo 3DS, and
I'm assuming that's Wind Waker, and Link to the Past, and Mario and Luigi on the 3DS,
and Pokemon X and Y obviously, so that's, you're pretty much looking at Nintendo's holiday
lineup right there. I mean, there might be one or two other surprises here, but that's,
you know, that's in a nutshell. That better not be another new Super Mario Brothers game.
Well like, oh no, I think it's gonna be a Wii, like you were saying a minute ago, kind
of like a Galaxy type thing. Well, they had said that they intended last year to stick
to doing the, you know, sort of one new title per generation, and just expanding those with
DLC like we're seeing with the Luigi DLC. I just hope it's not another new Super Mario
Brothers game. Or anything that resembles that. I think because, I think the Luigi DLC should
tell you it's not another Super Mario games, because why would they waste all the effort
to do that, to just turn around literally four months later and say, and now it's a
new game! I just, I don't see that happening. Because? It's gonna be a 3D Mario, whether
it's Universe, whether it's Mario 64-esque, or Sunshine for fuck's sake, it's gonna be
something in that vein. Sunshine, lol. I could see them doing it though. I mean, just, why
not a new Luigi game then? Because we can do DLC and just easily just shoehorn it into
the. Maybe that's why they keep hyping this Luigi, maybe the new game is Super Luigi Galaxy
or something, like maybe that's the twist. And no one will buy it. This whole fucking
thing. No one will buy it. This whole thing has, what do you mean no one will buy Super
Luigi Galaxy? Okay, one person will buy it, but no one else will buy it. Are you smoking
because Mario Galaxy was like one of the best games they put out on the Wii, period. If
they are, if, I'm not talking about just re-skinned with Luigi, I'm talking about a new game in
that universe and everything, but Luigi happens to be the star because it's the year of Luigi,
and that's the joke. That's why you haven't seen anything else, because the bombshell's
gonna get dropped at E3. No one should make jokes when your system's suffering like that.
This is not time for joking, this is time for kicking ass.
Ah, I'm done. Dark Sakura, save me.
Are you spent, Rob?
I'm spent.
I found the contest that I'm gonna be in now.
Oh?
Well, you found it for me, but I'm gonna do it. Because Rob does all my hard work for me.
Okay, then as your agent, I want 20%.
As my agent, I'll just keep buying you coffee.
That works.
Speaking of which, so Sega has a thing now where they're wanting people to design a new
character for it to be the face of the company. You know, not Sonic, just a new mascot. And
the contest is open through June 9th this year, and it has to be an original character
and there's a link on, I can get the link later, but it's also not just limited to the
Japanese audience, it's worldwide, which I'm gonna get the hell out of this. So basically,
they're gonna be doing a new live web series called Sega Raw on a Nico Nico, but that's
what the mascot's for, it's for the show. So, I'm not giving you guys my ideas. No.
But they want something unique, something fun, something that's gonna, you know, basically
fit what they're trying to do. Because the show is, I'm trying to find something in,
basically it's just gonna be more of a fan show. And there's translations for the rules
up, so you just need a Nico Nico account, and there is an English version on the website
to sign up for that. And so I will, let me get the URL, if you go to, it's actually S-E-I-G-A
dot Nico video, N-I-C-O video dot J-P, there should be a link from there, and I will post
the link in the chatroom for people here. Because maybe Sega will hire me.
Got a great idea for a Sega character. It's like Sonic the Hedgehog, but he's black,
and he's got guns. Oh, shut up.
Well, uh, I wouldn't give out too many of these ideas, because coming up in part B of
Orange Lawn's radio tonight, we are going to do a list list. I can't participate, Rob.
Why not? Because I'm not giving anybody my ideas.
Tough shit. Oh, and he's gonna be named Shadow. Shadow the Hedgehog.
Here's the deal, the topic for tonight's list list, mascot we most want to gift to Sega
on behalf of O-L-R. So mascot we most want to gift to Sega on behalf of O-L-R.
Don't send your answers yet, just think about it, we'll come back to this in part B.
By the way, a little bit more to this, is if you want to find those translated rules,
look for Yakuza Fan at NeoGaf.
Alright. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Do we gotta? Mm-hmm. Okay. We gotta.
Girl. Well, this week, there's Deadly Premonition, the director's cut on PlayStation 3,
and Soul Sacrifice on the Vita. Also, on PC, Xbox Live Arcade, and the PlayStation Network,
Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon. That's really the only game you need to buy.
Thank you for that review. Alright.
Oh, I wasn't laughing at that.
Oh, what were you laughing at? Oh, because everybody's shouting out their answers in chat right now.
Wait, guys, wait. Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some releases that are coming out in Japan.
I gotta be honest, I'm sizing up the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360. I don't really see anything for Japan this week.
I'm guessing it's kind of a slower period over there right now, but I don't see any releases till May 16th.
Trying to look quickly at Vita or the handhelds? Is it just a dry spell this week? Wii U? Question mark?
No, I'm showing it's a dry spell in Japan this week. You know why? Why?
It's because they're afraid. You know what they're afraid of?
Three brand new fucking trailers for Grand Theft Auto 5 on the 30th. That's right.
That's all you need to do that day. It's my wedding anniversary, and I'm going out and eating lunch,
but I'm coming back and I'm fucking watching those trailers over and over and over again.
Didn't we get you a shirt that said game over? Are you gonna make Nelly watch them with you?
Should I? Yes, I should. Does she get into it? No. No? She could care less.
I would think she'd think it's hilarious. You know what? We need to pick the most violent game,
violent bloody gory game ever and have Nelly and your mom review it.
My wife wouldn't like it, not because it's bloody, but because it's a game.
That would be the best review ever.
I'm not positive, but I believe that in Japan, Tomb Raider comes out this week? The Japanese version?
It was last week. It was on my list last week, yes.
I can't have President Cat. Nice try though with the plug.
Yeah, I try. In case my bosses are listening.
By the way, I was trying to explain President Cat to somebody the other day, and I was like,
but it's not really President. It's more of a delinquent in charge.
I found a game coming out on May 9th. That's the closest game release. That's like two weeks.
It's on the PSP. Cud Wafter, converted edition, comes out on the PSP.
And the box art is just a girl, and she's sitting at the table with her elbows on the table.
She's just waiting, like the rest of us for Japanese release dates.
That's like 90% of all PSP games in Japan.
A chick with her arms folded, waiting.
Can you say the name of that again?
K-U-D-W-A-F-T-E-R. To me it's Cud Wafter, but it's probably Cud Wafter.
It's German.
Oh, that almost sounded dirty.
Everything in German sounds dirty. You can say strudel and it sounds dirty.
Cud Wafer. It's about crackers that cows chew on.
Then let's go to the Old Kingdom and see what's coming out over there.
I would like to go find out personally, but unfortunately I'm poor.
So, God, I'm not even ready, Rob. What's up with me?
Amy, I thought you didn't come to the show prepared.
Girl! Hold on. Oh, no wonder, because you linked me the wrong month.
They're your links!
I blame you! I blame you for everything.
Oh, Slidekick looked up what this is.
Cud Wafter or whatever.
It's a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key.
Released on June 25th, 2010 for Windows PC.
So I guess it's the PSP version.
And the cover sounded like what?
Oh, yeah. When I first looked at that I was like, oh, she's gonna get naked.
Oh, it's a moe game.
She looks too young.
That button on her head is like huge.
I was just thinking, does she smell like kudzu? No.
And fifth dream in our chat room says, Cunt Waiter.
I've had a few of those.
I worked for one of those.
You win.
Alright, moving on.
On May 1st, we have Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon.
I was still thinking about getting it.
Injustice Gods Among Us. Game is fucking weird.
Soul Sacrifice on Vita and Fez on PC.
Now I'm thinking of The Doctor.
Cause he wears a fez. Fezzes are cool.
You're dying to comment on something, Kevin Spike.
Oh, say it.
No, no, um.
Cunt Waiter.
Injustice is actually really good. That's all.
I didn't, I just thought that Wonder Woman's hair looked weird.
So you're gonna hate an entire fucking game because the hair was wrong?
You know.
It's DC. I hate everything.
You know, Jaime, there are, there is DLC that could probably fix that.
I mean, I'm sure she's got numerous outfits.
Well, they could, you know, DLC to make her Jean Grey.
No.
Then she would be awesome.
Okay, okay, I will stop and say this.
I love Wonder Woman and I like Batman.
Although, I cannot read anything Batman related that Gail Simone doesn't write.
She is my hero.
But I did read Blackest Night with the whole Star Sapphire thing and that was pretty hot.
There.
My one nod to DC.
That's it.
Alright.
So.
Movies.
Sony likes movies, right?
So Sony said, hey.
Why don't we take some of our franchises and make them into movies?
Sound like a fantastic idea?
Well, it is.
According to them.
Ratchet and Clank.
Coming to theaters in 2015.
And it's actually being done by animation company Rainmaker Entertainment.
And I guess the digital media studio Blockade Entertainment.
And I guess they produced.
CG was a flick.
Escape from Planet Earth.
I have no idea what the fuck that is.
But they made that movie.
So.
They've made a movie before.
And then Heavenly Sword is going to be coming to.
Becoming a movie as well.
Except it's direct to video because you know obviously a game this important.
That never had a sequel.
Cannot be going to the theaters because no one would know what the fuck it is.
And so direct the.
Video it goes.
Also being done by Blockade Entertainment.
What are you laughing at over there?
Kudwafter.
Stop it.
That's like Pee Wee Herman's secret word.
Today's word is Kudwafter.
Oh boy.
I don't know.
Heavenly Sword.
It just.
I guess.
Because God of War would have been too good.
I don't really know why.
I think I would rather see a Kudwafter movie than Heavenly Sword.
Like a Heavenly Sword movie sounds like something that you know.
Uwe Boll would do.
I mean cause.
I don't know if he's made any movies lately.
No I think he's been laughed out of Hollywood completely.
Yeah he's laughing all the way to the bank.
Cause he's banked a lot of money.
Ratchet and Clank sounds like he could be cute though.
That I think could work.
Anime is the way to go.
Yeah.
I mean after all.
Angry Birds are getting the movie.
I don't know how.
How?
They have cartoons.
They commit suicide by launching themselves at pigs.
But they'll do well in the Middle East.
Alright.
I'm done by leaving.
One more story for you guys.
And then we're gonna get to the classic game of the week.
This has to do with Twin Gal.
Speaking of classic games.
Twin Galaxies.
They've been around forever.
They would do the video tapes and track the scores.
They've been like shut down for about six.
Well I shouldn't say shut down.
But they've been on a break from the actual score tracking for about six months.
They've been doing some transitions.
But now they're up and running again.
But here's the thing.
Under their new system you will have to pay to have your scores reviewed.
Which you know it doesn't make sense though.
Because like legitimately they're looking through all the footage.
You know and they're watching it.
Hours at a time.
That's hours at a time.
That just means Billy Mitchell's gonna pay extra.
Review mine first and eat my barbecue sauce.
Perhaps.
$25 for one submission.
$60 for three submissions.
$75 for five submissions.
But I believe based on the length that might count as more than one submission.
So go read this.
Go read.
What did you say over there?
That bears repeating.
Say it into a mic or don't say it at all.
That's what she said.
Okay thank you very much.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Each video can only do one game.
Although you can do more than one score in the video.
That makes no sense to me.
Unless it was two different settings maybe.
Because like why would you show one score and then a better score.
Like just do the one score.
Anyway.
Whatever.
So there you go.
Twin Galaxies.
You can submit your score for $25.
I don't know.
There's been some stuff going around saying that because now they're under new ownership
that it's not quite as respectable anymore.
That happens with any company.
And also apparently that I don't know if their database crashed or something.
But they lost some of the scores.
It did.
But I'm glad you brought that up because they did comment on it.
They said the old database was damaged but not completely irretrievable.
So I guess they got some of it back.
But I'm glad that still exists.
Because there's still lots of fans of the very classic arcade games out there.
And they're still playing them.
People are still breaking Donkey Kong score records.
So I'm glad something like this exists.
Alright.
Well speaking of classic games.
Every week here on Orange Launch Radio we like to take a trip down memory lane
and visit the classic game of the week.
This is the part of the show where Dark Soccer is going to jump into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks, hey, record this for two hours.
And then pay me 25 bucks for telling you how awesome it was.
Dark Soccer, what's the classic game of the week?
Okay, I can't even do it, Rob.
I can't do it.
Because you have to start the music.
Fair enough.
Here's the music.
And then I'm going to shoot myself in the head.
How has this never been the classic game of the week?
I have no fucking clue.
This has been a joke forever on OLR.
I love this song.
Well, I was going to put in Ridge Racer.
And I was like, have I done Ridge Racer?
Oh my god, I haven't done Daytona.
And Dan isn't playing this shit out of Daytona.
So I hear doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo in my nightmares.
Wait, you mean you hear this?
You know what, I have a napkin and I can make it into Elise Eleven.
Somebody out there on the internet, if they haven't done it already, needs to do like a dubstep remix of this song.
Because that would be the most hilarious.
There is a video of the guy who sang for AM2 singing the song live.
And he just looks like he's having the time of his life.
Like, it's better than chocolate and getting laid, I guess.
But it was pretty funny.
Anyway, okay, so Daytona USA.
And by the way, the other song I put in was the classic Rolling Start.
Let me play a little bit of that.
We can hear this, or as I call it, Roaring Star.
Oh no no no.
Okay, I have to tell where all of my hate for this game comes from.
And it's not because it's a bad game.
If it was a bad game, it would not be on my Classic Game of the Week list.
I worked for Namco Arcade.
We had Time Crisis, we had Ridge Racer, we had Tekken 3 before everybody else did.
I had a Pac-Man hat.
I had a Polaroid camera that I got from all the leftover tickets that the kids would leave in the machine.
And I had, like, ten Tekken 3 shirts.
Like, the arcade only ones.
I loved working there, except for this one machine right across from the ticket counter.
And it would always be in loud attract mode.
Do do do do do do do do.
I'm like, can we, can I take an axe to it?
Can I break it?
Can we just say that some redneck came in and sat on it?
Because, I mean, it's Alabama, no one cares.
So, um, I wanted it to die just because of the attract.
The only other attract that was as annoying as that came close was Time Crisis 2.
Oh, that was an awful one.
The voice acting was hideous.
Oh my god.
So anyway, anyway, anyway.
Back to the game.
It is a racing game.
It was developed by Sega AM2, which we love AM2.
I mean, AM2 gave us freakin' Burning Rangers.
Hi, same guy singing, by the way.
Um, so, uh, it came out as a limited release in 1993 and a full release in 1994.
And it is one of the highest grossing arcade machines of all time.
It was the first title that came out on the Model 2 arcade board, which is easily emulated now.
And it was pretty much the best racing machine that came out at the time.
It was lower poly than Virtua Racing, but it was fully texture mapped, so it gave it more of a realistic feel.
Excepted the serious draw-in problems like, oh, I'm driving on clouds.
Oh, look, there's a mountain.
Oh, look, there's Sonic's face.
You know?
But, um, they did re-release the game as, um, oh, one thing I actually have to say.
It's actually one of the few 3D games at the time that maintained a steady 60 frames per second frame rate.
So that's pretty crazy.
Given that I can't get that on some games most of the time.
Um, so it was re-released in 2010 as Sega Racing Classic, but I don't know if anyone has played it.
They, um, took out the vocals.
It just has, like, some sort of generic singing over it.
Like, it was some background vocal.
But the main lyric part of it is gone.
It's like you're playing karaoke mode.
So it's just not the same.
So you are, um, in a stock car called the Hornet.
And you have to race, um, you know, three tracks.
Uh, either automatic or manual.
You know, choose your transmission.
And, uh, it, uh, you know, you had different ways the camera could look.
You could look, um, behind the driver's seat.
You could be, uh, you know, uh, a very first person.
And there were deluxe cabinets.
Because, um, I played Daytona USA, um, the first time I played this game was in Las Vegas.
And this was when I was still living in Alabama.
And my mom lived in Phoenix.
We flew to Phoenix and then drove to Las Vegas.
And they had the full multi-car setup.
And I was like, oh.
It was when the Luxor had a Sega arcade.
So I was completely in heaven.
And I, I paid the five bucks a game to play it twice.
And my mom was screaming at me for my fiscal irresponsibility.
So, um, I loved it then.
Hated it when I worked at an arcade.
So, yeah, it, it was really awesome.
Um, and they, uh, actually, um, came out before there was the Daytona USA museum.
But it had, um, all that attached to it.
Um, there, uh, I think it was that, um, it became out at Sega Racing Classic because they lost the Daytona license.
Uh, so basically, um, yeah, this, um, the Sega Racing Classic runs at 720p.
Um, and like I said, it lost the vocal tracks because of the licensing.
Now for the home versions, there was a Daytona USA that came out on Saturday 1995 and to Windows in 1996.
It did drop the frame rates significantly, about 20 frames per second.
And, um, clipped pretty, pretty nasty.
It was not the best version.
Um, however, it handled well.
And they had planned on doing one on the 32X, but we all know what happened with 32X.
At least we got Space Harrier, right?
So, uh, there were, um, eight tracks, including the original three from the arcade and two additional tracks, um, from the Sega Championship Circuit Edition.
And then there were final three and that was, um, for the Dreamcast version.
The Dreamcast version was pretty good.
They completely, uh, redid all of the graphics.
The pop-up was removed.
Um, the cars had transparent glass, higher poly.
It was basically like the HD version, except it controlled like shit.
Just saying.
I guess you can't have it all, huh?
Um, they did, um, an arcade faithful port for, um, PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade.
And it has widescreen, high-def, eight-player multiplayer over Xbox Live or the PlayStation Network.
Uh, more content with different challenges.
Karaoke mode, which I am embarrassed to say my husband has sat in karaoke mode, singing, roaring start.
Because he's awesome.
Because my husband's a big dork.
Dan, you're awesome.
Dan's not even listening. He's watching Chair of Swords.
With the German chocolate cake and mystique.
Well, we have pizza and Spike and Tim, so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, do do do do do you.
And I challenge everyone to say that to a friend this week.
Well, do do do do do do you.
Anyway, anyway.
Um, so yeah, you had, um, in the Sega Saturn version, you had unlockable cars.
You had, um, the redder blue and yellow and the black version depending on, uh, what transmission you picked in the arcade version and in the Saturn version.
Um, and, uh, basically, like I was saying, the, um, now the singer.
And this is what I was talking about earlier about AM2, um, doing, uh, the game is that AM2 had their own sound division as well.
And, uh, it was, uh, Takinobu Mitsuyoshi who was, uh, doing the singing.
And the tracks are Let's Go Away and The King of Speed, which is the roaring start.
Pounding Pavement, Let's Go Away, which is the attract mode.
Um, and, uh, Sky High, which is actually my favorite music in that game.
Because I want to fry Sky High.
So, uh, in the arcade version also used, um, a Yamaha sound chip that, uh, completely just, uh, redid and, you know, made the music sound really good, really professional.
But they had to re-record it for the Saturn version because the, um, music was actually, uh, synthesized in-game with the vocals playing over it.
So, yeah, it's, uh, Daytona USA and I'm not doing it again.
I'm done.
I will.
Oh.
By the way, you can also play as the car in Fighters Megamix.
Awesome.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Daytona.
Good pick.
It's about time, honestly.
I have a recommendation for a classic game of the week.
Super Mario Brothers 3.
I think she did it a long time ago.
I think I've done it.
And World.
She's been doing this segment since episode 180-something, I think.
And we're on 502?
No, no.
200 and something, I think.
Something like that.
You've had several segments.
It's changed a few times.
Classic game of the week started around 200 and something.
But we stopped doing, uh, website of the week when I did, um, one site twice.
Yeah.
Because I couldn't really think of anything.
What was the site?
You did one classic game twice and that didn't stop you.
What did I do?
You did Final Fantasy VI twice.
But, I mean, if you're gonna do any game twice, like-
Okay, one was three, one was six.
There, I did versions.
Don't judge me.
Fair enough.
I don't wanna do Sega Rally because it's very hard, easy left.
Wait.
Maybe.
All right, look.
Uh, long show.
We've got, we gotta take a break.
We're gonna come back.
We have rapid fire news.
Fugal Question of the Week coming as well.
Uh, some more news stories for you guys.
And, as we promised, listless, what mascot are we gonna gift to Sega just out of the
goodness of our hearts?
What do you, what do you, the listeners, want us to gift to Sega, uh, for their mascot competition?
Uh, we will beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep right back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this, I almost said Friday
night.
Aw, I wish the weekend was starting over.
Sunday night, April the 28th of 2013.
And, uh, join in studio tonight with Captain Spike from the Game Buoy podcast at gamebuoy.org.
Ahoy.
Ahoy.
We were talking, we were talking about, you and I were, I won't spoil it on the show,
but you and I were talking about some potential upcoming topics that you're gonna get into
on your show, and some, I was like, oh, that's real good.
That's real good.
So, if I try, if I don't steal them for OLR 503.
Rude.
And ignorant.
I would never, I would never.
Uh, also joining us tonight, Tim, who is on his very first podcast.
What up?
Are you having a good time?
Is it more fun than you thought it would?
It's less terrifying than I imagined.
Yeah?
Yeah.
It looks like it's in, like, literally, literally the corner of my apartment.
And not, like, a studio with lights everywhere.
Like, people think that, like, this show, because it's so damn old, people think that
we have, like, this recording space.
Or maybe because there's certain other podcasters out there that put out that perception that
you need $35,000 to do a gaming podcast.
No tea, no shade.
All tea, all tea.
That we have all this expensive equipment, but we don't really have any of that.
No, it's, it's pretty, pretty chill.
I slept on the floor not four feet from here last night.
You can, you can literally say you slept with Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm not going to tell anyone.
Please, please don't spread that rumor.
I do have to say that when we buy a house, we're definitely looking for a place that
has room for O.L.R.
Actually, we're looking at, Alan and I are looking at moving ourselves.
Oh my God, let's all get a big house.
Oh my God, I'd kill you all.
No.
I wasn't talking, I said my Rob.
Been there, done that.
I lived with Loki before.
Been there, done that.
That's actually.
You have seen me drunk in my pajamas.
With all due respect, Loki was a great roommate.
I want to make that clear.
The only reason, you know, he got married and blah, blah, blah.
And I have a kid, so that would be a little weird.
That would be a challenge, would be a challenge.
All right.
By the way, Josh looked totally cute in that last picture.
I just have to say.
Actually, yeah, Nellie's been posting a lot of pictures of Josh late and I got to say
cute, cute kid.
I mean, not that I didn't think so before, but just that I'm being reminded consistently
on Facebook this week.
Cute, cute kid.
For the record, I have to say this.
I gave Julian the Nerf shield and dagger for his birthday.
He had the most maniacal grin on his face and wanted to immediately sword fight.
Looking at comments from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, SSJ100Matt says,
the OLR beach house.
That's like the summer spinoff where the Saved by the Bell kids all worked at the beach retreat or whatever.
Don't you dare use Jersey Shore and OLR in the same sentence.
I will cut a bitch.
Dark Tetsuya says, move into the fort.
Yes, we talked about that some time ago.
Code Man says, OLR real world.
There would definitely be some drama.
Start getting real.
If Jamie and I lived in the same house, like 24-7, there would definitely be some drama.
I like that.
Fifth Dream says, OLR celebrity rehab.
Wait, what's that tip?
Fifth Dream says, OLR celebrity rehab.
Rehab from tacos, maybe.
You know what?
I don't do drugs already.
Rob Roberts, My Strange Addiction.
Every Tuesday would be Taco Tuesday.
We'd have the live cast from Felipe's on Tuesday.
Your guys' cycle would line up.
Fuck off.
Hearts.
Let's move to rapid fire news while I stare at Captain Spike with my death eyes.
I'm so precious.
I think maybe we already did sync up.
Alright.
You may remember an independent game that kind of ripped off of Super Mario Brothers.
Super Mario Brothers Crossover is a fun game where you get to play all the Super Mario Brothers levels.
But you get to play them as not only Super Mario or Luigi or Zelda or Simon Belmont and that kind of stuff.
So now they have 3.0 because it's celebrating 3 years.
And they've got a pretty interesting...
I didn't know that this game existed, but apparently there's a game called Super Mario Brothers Special.
It's a crossover between Super Mario Brothers and Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong power-ups and stuff like that.
And barrels and all sorts of cool stuff.
So that's the newest update.
It's going to be levels out of that game.
And they have a whole bunch of other game types.
Because one of the things that the game does is it changes the way it looks.
And so you can be playing with all the different characters from Castlevania and stuff.
It just changes the whole sprite set and the sound effects and stuff.
It's really interesting.
But if you want to check it out...
It looks like explodingrabbit.com is where you're going to be able to find that game, of course.
I don't know when the 3.0 update is coming soon, though.
But they have a trailer for it.
How are they pushing that?
I gave them money on their Kickstarter for Super Retro Squad.
It's still coming in March.
Yeah. Well, no Kickstarters ever on time.
But yeah, there's...
How's your Ouya?
Did you get your Ouya?
My Ouya right now is chilling in...
Where was it? It's in the Bay Area right now.
Just outside of Fremont.
Daily City?
Fucking Fremont!
No, seriously!
It's in my living room, by the way.
Seriously. Fucking Fremont. You know why?
Not even Fremont. Fremont's out of this.
It's a close bystander.
No, seriously. Fucking Daily City or whatever.
It's at the Cow Palace.
Whatever it is.
Oh, that's right where Alan used to live.
It's been sitting there since Thursday.
Not moving. At all.
I like the traffic.
Yes. But you see, it's like it went...
It keeps getting worse.
First off, it took forever for them to ship it.
They shipped it by boat.
Look, we could do a three hour show of you bitching about your Ouya.
No, no, no. Hold on.
I'm with him on this one. They haven't shipped mine out yet either.
No, no. Listen. Here's how it's going.
So they shipped it by boat.
First off, they picked DHL.
DHL. The quality shipper.
The only worse shipper in the world would be Old Dominion.
For the record,
Dan was playing a racing game and there were DHL stickers
and I totally thought of you.
Well, it better not be a DHL car
because that car would be moving fucking slow.
This is a damn heated Loki.
So they shipped it DHL.
DHL and then the strategic
mailing thing, they passed
it off to the United States Postal Service.
Which, from my experience
shipping eBay stuff,
they always scan those packages
and they totally never
just go weeks
at a time without, hey,
here's where your package is.
I'm expecting my package hopefully on Monday.
Otherwise, I don't know where it is.
Because it shouldn't take
a whole weekend
from Thursday
to go two hours
in distance.
Are you done?
I'm done.
So, there was a new game coming
from Take-Two.
XCOM, or at least
The Bureau, XCOM
Declassified. It was that first person
XCOM game that no one wanted
and now it's a third person XCOM game
that some people might want.
And it's a squad based shooter.
So, yeah.
It's supposed to be like a prequel to the whole XCOM series
to figure out how the XCOM
Bureau, I guess,
was created or something. I don't know.
And last but not least,
the Indoroyale Lunar Bundle
as we were talking about earlier,
purchasing. Pretty great deal
if you pay
what you want.
$6 gets you the game.
$8 gets you some additional stuff
including the Reawakening
album, which is from
some Commodore 64 and Amiga chiptune
artist TJK. And then also
in this bundle you get some
cool stuff including Back to the Future.
You know, the whole Telltale game.
Nice. And Dungeon Hearts
Carve Commander and
let's see
what else.
P.I.D. was the other game.
So, I bought it. It's pretty awesome.
So, check it out.
Alrighty.
Let's move on and talk about the Wii U virtual
console. We've kind of referenced this already
in the show. If you didn't know, that Wii U
update is out. Yes, it does make a lot
of stuff on the console faster. So, you know,
here's a reason to turn on your Wii U
if you beat Zombie U
and Mario U a couple months ago and you really
haven't had a reason.
Fire it up, download the update, and you can
check out some of these virtual console games. Balloon Fight,
Donkey Kong Jr.,
Excitebike, Kirby's Adventure, Punch Out,
F-Zero, Super Mario World, and
of course, Ice Climbers.
All available on virtual console.
And, yeah,
even though I said
when we first announced
the virtual console on Wii U, I wasn't gonna do this.
I did it. I paid the $1.50
to upgrade my copy of Super Mario World.
I gotta say, it runs really nice.
Like, I really prefer it on Wii U to the Wii.
I didn't think it would be that big of a difference.
And, like, how could a 20-year-old game
be that different? But I'm telling you, with the
HDMI, without me having to consistently
change the proportions on the television,
with the audio coming out of
the Wii U pad as well as the TV,
it works great. So,
you know, alright. I was wrong
when I first judged virtual console a few months ago.
Fine. Alright.
Speaking of things that are available on
Nintendo platforms and PC and so forth,
Scribblenauts. There's a new Scribblenauts
and supposedly it's titled
Scribblenauts Unmasked, although that's not an
official revelation. That's something that's
floating out there. Apparently, it's supposed
to be some type of crossover with DC
Comics, hence the name Unmasked.
Oh, I'm sure Dark Soccer is all about this.
I'm not gonna play it.
Characters like Batman, places like the Batcave
supposed to be out on PC,
Wii U, and 3DS, so it's
definitely a Nintendo and a PC thing.
I remember the last
Scribblenauts game was one of the launch titles for Wii U,
so this would make an interesting fit.
It would be a very interesting step
for the series, but seeing as Scribblenauts
is part of WB Games, it does
make sense. So,
curiosity piqued. We'll say that.
Also, this
rumor's going around. I don't
know how much weight I give this. It could certainly
be a game changer, but the rumor is that Take-Two
is supposed to announce Grand Theft Auto
5 for next generation consoles next
month. Now, did this originate
with an analyst, that
infamous games analyst that always says
because if so, then this holds absolutely
no weight. It's not coming out next gen.
It's not, and here's why. It's because
they're gonna do a PC. They will do a PC
version later on, just like they did with 4,
and they're gonna do that probably with the next
gen consoles at the same time. Here's my other
problem with this article. They say the announcement
is supposed to be coming during an upcoming
investor event on May 16th.
They don't make announcements. They don't do that
at investor events. Investor events are
not the place to pull back the curtain and say
the investor event is to talk about
here's what's happened in the
past, here's where we are currently, here's
our plan for the future in broad
terms, not in these types of specifics.
That's the big problem I have
with this that's going around right now. I don't think
that, and here's the other thing too, is they're not going to
spend the additional time to make a
next gen version of the game when they have a current
gen version of the game that people will buy anyways.
Unless, unless someone
paid them big money to make it
an exclusive to their console. I still
don't think they would do that because even if they
still do, even if they brought out
the game, they're gonna do a PC version at the same
time because why bother? If you're gonna
develop a higher res version of the game, you might as
well make a PC version as well so that you can put it out
in PCs. Unless someone
bought it off. That's always
a possibility on the table. Someone bought
it off. It's always on the table.
Well if that were the case then it would be coming out exclusive
you know like for one system like the Xbox
360 was for a while and
the PS3 version came out and PC.
But I just, I don't see
that happening. Did they date Grand Theft Auto 5?
Did they date it? It's September
17th. Well then yeah I guess we are too
far along for them to change that at this point.
I was gonna say there's no reason they can't
yank it and say, delay the first quarter
in this version. Oh I'm gonna fucking kill somebody if
that happens. I will cut a bitch.
I don't know if you should say that on a radio show.
No I will fucking
kill somebody.
Virtually people.
Allegedly. It's Grand Theft Auto of course
you will kill somebody digitally.
He'll kill a hooker. No I think
I will have to
I will have to kill somebody. Don't say that
in this world Loki you don't
say that. They already deleted how many times
I can't wait any longer. Just get ready.
I can't wait any longer. Get ready to sharpen the purple
dildo. Wait wrong game.
I can't wait any longer. It's been
so long. I need my Grand Theft Auto.
You need a therapist.
I need Grand Theft Auto.
Alright Dark Sakura.
Alright I gotta
get my story up. Okay.
Sorry my throat's a little
alley right now. Okay well
we have some download content for
Revengeance. We have Blade Wolf and it's
going to be out in May in Japan
on the 9th of May. We don't
have a western date yet but
I would assume that it would have to be somewhere
near there and it's going to be a thousand
yen. So
we're looking at maybe a
ten dollar DLC
when we get it.
In other news.
Close window. Thank you. There is
going to be a sequel to River City
Ransom and
there is a crowd funding
thing open for it.
They want to make it an official
River City Ransom.
They're working with the River City Ransom
EX developer Million to do
the actual sequel.
They're hoping it's going to be
August 2014.
They've got a placeholder website out
for this right now. Just to throw a little background
into this. I think the reason why they say
actual sequel is because something is coming on 3DS
I think but it's not
the same people. So you kind of
have the two groups
now. The ones on Kickstarter.
Are they doing another Nekketsu
game on 3DS?
I think so. Yeah.
One of the actual Kunio games?
Yes. Honestly that will be far superior.
Yup.
Actually.
The shade. The shade of it all.
You know what? It's just true.
Because you cannot
like ok super
you played dodgeball and super dodgeball right?
They're actual Kunio games. You've played
knock off dodgeball games right? Were they as good?
No. Is anything going to
top the original hot blooded
downtown fight?
The Neo Geo one was great.
You know what the best version of that
was? PC Engine. Had voice acting.
Ok.
Did you ever play the PC Engine version? Yes.
Isn't that adorable? They're so cute.
Anyway. Like when you go
into the little restaurants they actually say
speak to you politely and
bow to you and everything. It's awesome.
Ok so TKX
is going to be a remake of
Tempest 2000. Yes. TXK.
Whatever. TXK.
You know what Rob? I'm so excited.
I'm dyslexic. I have
excited on set dyslexia.
Thank you.
I'm quaking a little bit
right now. Shaking. Crying.
Maybe your
super zapper needs to recharge.
Super zapper recharge.
Ok for anyone who lives under a rock
or who has been living
under a rock or in a cave or under the sea
Tempest 2000 is probably one of the best
games in the universe. Even as
frustratingly difficult as
it can be. It's all because of the music. Because nothing
else matters. And it came out on the Jaguar
which was the only good game on the Jaguar
next to what?
Alien vs. Predator? No that wasn't even
very good either. For the time.
Yeah. But it was still the best game
that ever came out on the Jaguar. Hands down.
Yeah. It was the only reason to
own a Jaguar. And then it came out on Saturn.
And then I actually did play
the Jaguar version of Tempest 3000 that was
the proto. It was not bad.
So anyway. So yeah. This is basically
a remake of Tempest 2000.
And that's it.
I am all about this as well. K.X.T.
K.X.T.
K.X.T.
Alright.
Let's take a chance
to go to the FUGL
question of the week.
Take
Facebook.
Take Google.
Slam them together and you get FUGL.
And we ask a question on our FUGL
Facebook and Google communities every week.
This week is about movies.
And I'm going to apologize in advance. I'm not going to have enough time
to read all the answers because we're running along tonight.
We still have a list list. But
I want to encourage everybody to visit our communities.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio
and Google Plus to see all the answers
in full. There's some news
this week about Ratchet and Clank as well as
Heavenly Sword becoming a movie.
How do you feel about video game movies?
Most have a reputation for being pretty bad.
Do you think this helps or hurts gaming?
Should Hollywood be making more video game movies
or less?
Let's take a look at some of the answers
on Google Plus.
ActDeaf says
Video game movies as of recent have been
hit or miss for the masses.
But it will be a while for us to see a critically acclaimed
video game movie. I don't think it either
hurts that bad or helps that much for the industry.
Both ways, they're
just easy money makers for everyone
involved mostly. But as of recent
Hollywood has seen how to make video game
movies work somewhat. So I'll keep an eye on that
Ratchet and Clank movie. Especially if it's animated
since that's the only way I can see that one working.
Flaco Jones
which by the way, I want to congratulate
Flaco Jones. He's now officially staffed
for VOG. His first movie
review went up and he's got
another article that's posted during the week.
He's going to be doing a lot of the stuff from a film
perspective.
In the written form. So that'll be
great. So congrats Flaco.
And that's also going to be a very
interesting change for the game.
Because as you know, staff of VOG
don't go on the regular leaderboards.
So Flaco has been winning every month.
So, hmm
now things are going to get interesting.
But anyhow, Flaco says as long as they bring something
unique to the table, I have no problem with more
video game movies. The issue arises
when the video game property is already so similar
to a popular movie genre. Like what's
the difference between a Call of Duty film and just
some generic military action movie.
I don't know if the bad movies hurt the games.
It puts them into the public eye which at least means
more games I would think.
Entertainment lastly on Google Plus says
in an ideal situation you need a
writer, director, and producer
all having good track records
working together as a team.
That is why I'm looking forward to Tyler
Perry Presents Halo.
Love it.
Let's do a few answers from
Facebook as well. Critical Myth
whose podcast talks a lot about movies
and TV shows and that stuff and he does
a lot of the book reviews for our site.
Critical Myth says I love the
R&C games but the last two
have been less than stellar so I'm actually
hopeful that this will give Insomniac a reason
to revitalize the franchise. But in general
terms I think it always comes down to the creative
minds behind the production. Do they understand
the IP and what a film adaptation
can bring to the table that the game itself does not?
And is the game suited to a film
style narrative?
Pete Caruno says some game
franchises lend themselves very well
to film adaptations even though the execution
has pretty much always been awful.
Ratchet and Clank really doesn't strike me as the
kind of game that ought to have a film made of it
unless they're really that desperate for money?
And lastly on Facebook
Andy R. says as a Playstation fan
I was pretty happy about the news but I'm
concerned as well. Hollywood doesn't have
a great track record and I do think it hurts us
when they poorly adapt a game. I can see
a non-gamer saying this was based on a game
no wonder it was so bad
when we know that games can be a great medium
for storytelling. As for more or less
there are plenty of games I would love to see as
movies so I wouldn't mind more than
more once they figure out how to make them
without sucking. You know that's a very
interesting comment and I kind of
want to end on that and turn it over to the folks here
in studio is he theorizes
there that if the movie is
so bad it's going to make people go
well no wonder because it's a
game and the game probably sucks too.
So can the movies actually do harm
to video gaming when they're
really terrible?
I honestly think it also really depends
on the audience too because there's been a lot
of really good Japanese adaptations
that wouldn't fly over
here for the general audience because
of that quirkiness that's a part
of Japanese
game movie versions.
And people
here want either it to be
super cutesy or super
gritty, realistic, have an edge to it
and I don't really see it.
It would really depend on the IP.
I don't know which came first the Alone in the Dark
movie or the
Alone in the Dark game
by Atari. Like the last
one. Because I
don't remember which one hurt what.
I'm sure Tara Reid being a scientist didn't help.
Oh stop.
Spike, how do you feel about video game movies?
Well you know
I think that they're largely
mediocre at best.
I think it's kind of telling when you have
recent movie games like Prince of
Persia and the general perception
is still oh game movies are getting
better.
So they're mostly crap but I
don't think they hurt.
Again, Street Fighter is still a franchise
that exists and that movie was awful.
See also Super Mario Brothers with
Bob Hoskins. Hey, hey.
Kylie was in it. No
it was in Street Fighter yes.
Sorry I thought you meant the Mario movie.
The cast in that Street Fighter movie was actually super
good. But I feel so bad
for dearly departed Raul Julia
for that being his last movie.
Although I have seen him in some really crappy
movies. And you guys even forgot that there was another
Street Fighter movie. Yeah there was the
Chun-Li, that horrible Chun-Li thing.
Didn't Bison
cause harm with
psychic powers to a woman in a way
that I don't really feel appropriate describing?
Well you know what I didn't see it and
I don't really want to.
I was really drunk but I feel like I was offended
and that takes a lot.
I'm going to stick with the
ties that bind the best Street Fighter thing that came
out. That's the only thing in my universe.
The thing that came out with Street Fighter 4.
Yeah that was really good.
So Tim what do you think? If they end up
doing this new Mass Effect movie do you think
it's going to do justice to the games?
I don't
think it will do justice to the games. I think it will be
something completely different. It might be good, it might be bad.
In general I think
video game movies have been pretty hit or miss.
But I'm pretty hopeful because I look at
something like the comic book industry
which they made a lot of
stinker comic book movies.
But eventually Hollywood and the comic
industry figured out how to do that.
And there have been some stellar comic book games.
So I have hope that in the future
they sort of solve that problem
for games
translating over to movies as well.
That's a good point.
I tend to agree with the other person that talked about
how if the right people with the right
passion are behind it
it has the potential to do very well.
Which you know anything Uwe Boll
touched you're like oh girl no.
I feel that
I'm assuming Sony is going to be
publishing the movie.
It's studios that they pick
to do these licenses.
I would assume that they're going to be
up to their standards
because it is
their properties that they're playing with.
I would think that they wouldn't just let anything
come to market.
I don't know.
They've done some tie-ins and stuff
with different EA properties
like some anime movies and I don't think those were that
bad.
Shane in our chat
room who of course has a thing or two to say
about Mass Effect says no one can agree with how
the Mass Effect movie should be because
we all have our different stories and shepherds.
Prince Brightstar says
frankly I think Mass Effect would be better as a Saturday
morning cartoon picturing the April
Fool's 12th well there was the anime
just saying. You know what actually I have
did I tell you I got that?
It wasn't terrible.
I hate
admitting that it wasn't terrible.
The ending of it
totally was like
you know all the stuff
that they do in Mass Effect 3 that wants to punch you in the
gut and make you vomit your feelings?
Yeah it did that too.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's
episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com
use the passphrase
yogurt. Let's do a couple
more news stories. We've got Listless coming up but first
Loki.
I'm sorry I forgot
to say at the end of the FUGL segment please
read the rest of the answers. I really skipped
a lot tonight because of time. Sorry.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or
Google Plus search for Orange Lounge Radio.
Sorry Loki go ahead. So EA has had
some more layoffs. They haven't really said
who was laid off.
Apparently
I guess
there was an eternal memo that leaked out
basically
saying that you know at the beginning of their fiscal
year
they're cutting some of their operations.
Core marketing
functions have been consolidated
under their new COO.
I
guess they're just restructuring it looks like.
And
also
with that there was a rumor that EA
partners label is closing.
And that includes you know all those
other
you know developers out there that are bringing different
titles. There's you know of course the crisis series
Shadows of the Damned, Alice, The Madness
Returns, Bulletstorm,
Brutal Legend, and Rock Band.
And I guess I
wonder if that would affect Fuse. But of course
Fuse is just right around the corner so I'm sure that game
will still come out. But we may see
a lot less
I guess
not necessarily
experimental titles but titles that aren't
they aren't positive
would do well. Like new properties
like Mirror's Edge or something like that.
You know Alice
thought that would have done okay but
apparently it didn't sell very well in the shadows of the dam.
Suda is
hard to
it's more niche
so it's
I'm surprised. And then last but not least
SimCity
You know there's always bad news
when I mention SimCity. It got a patch
it fixed some bugs.
Godzilla is attacking
the city!
Well
SimCity 2.0
came out. It fixed
a few bugs
and unfortunately created a bunch of other
bugs.
So yeah
lots of weird stuff.
We're pathing problems still.
Apparently the problem was sewage backing
up. So
your towns are literally full of shit now.
All sorts of
sinking problems.
Yeah they actually have this group of people
on Reddit
putting together a list of stuff that's
wrong with it now.
So that kind of sucks.
It's still a work in progress.
And then falsely accused all the wrong people of making
those bugs.
I guess.
No tea no shade.
Alright.
Anything else you want to
share about SimCity?
SimCity 4
apparently is on sale right now. You can get it for
really cheap. So if you want to play a great SimCity game
there you go.
And it's offline.
Moving on. I think this is
fascinating. A patent that Apple filed in
2009.
What the patent is all about is that
you have a path that you might take in
a video game. And what's
fascinating about this is that in
the patent filing they
freaking use these mock ups of mass effect
screenshots. And it even says
name. John Sheppard. Origin
colonist. And like a little mock up of what they
look like and everything. That's the first thing that made me
go is this like a joke or a troll or
you know. LOL games journalism
thing. I don't know. But since it's floating around
out there I will report on it because I think this is a
fascinating idea.
The patent office
did grant Apple this patent. And it was
made public. And
it would go like this. Like let's say
in mass effect you make all
these different choices. Or let me take a game that
you know Loki would actually play
like Walking Dead. Like the
Walking Dead games.
Well the Telltale ones are really good.
Let's say you go through the Walking Dead games
you make your different choices and obviously they have
a big impact. Well the trick about this
patent is that at the end after
you've developed your character played the game. So imagine
you play a game like Walking Dead at the end
you can use this system that
Apple patented and you get a
single issue comic
that is filled with the
choices that you made in the game. And the dialogue
and the screenshots. And you could export it
assumably to like a PDF that you could
then later read on your tablet or your
mobile device or what have you.
So like imagine Jamie could have her femshep
and romance garis and all this and she gets
her very own. Cause that's the only point
of playing mass effect. Well that is all you
do right? Yes.
So you get your comic book. And strip
mine planets. And you know Dark Sakura
presents Shakerian Sunday
and it's something she can
get on her iPad
and read it. And it's like oh it's
it's me and my garis.
I am not that bad.
Are you sure? I don't have the moe pillow.
But you thought about it.
No I didn't. Did you see how expensive
it was?
I love how that
was the reason. Look at me.
That was the reason. I don't have money
for a pillow.
And besides I didn't really care for the art that much.
Alright actually very popular
in our chat room. ActDeaf says
this thing Rob is talking about is fucking awesome.
SG100Matt says this sounds like a good idea.
ActDeaf says where do I throw my money
to?
Queen Simeon in our chat says that's
like the little personalized vanity books
back when I was a kid. Oh yeah
like the choose your own adventure stuff
where like it would be you in the story.
Don't they sell that at the fair or something like that?
They brought back choose your own adventure.
Yeah Bobby was talking about something like that on the show tonight.
I miss those but I used to skip to the end
to see what the best
because there's only like one path fits.
Right.
Where you don't sneeze horrifically
in the middle of a show.
Twice.
You know what?
Don't laugh at me making squeaky noises.
No that was like the cutest sound I've ever heard.
I'm allergic to Papa Murphy's
I think.
Garris would approve of your cute sneezes.
What were you going to say about the vanity books?
I forget.
Alright.
And thank you.
Alright.
This is a good idea.
Yeah the vanity books
is a really good comparison but in this day and age
where you just crank it all out digitally
into a 99 cent PDF or something
I think it's a great
as corny as this is going to sound
it would be a great memory
of your gaming experience.
Because like you know a game like Mass Effect
you know again I hate to keep using this as an example
but it's such a good example.
It takes like 40 hours to play through Mass Effect
and then maybe you're sitting here for two years
waiting for the sequel to come out.
Well wouldn't it be great if instead of having to replay
that 40 hour game like to kind of refresh yourself
oh let me read my little comic
that I had generated at the end and remember
about my character and my choices.
People do that anyway it's called fan fiction.
It's called Tumblr.
No no no.
I think that's a pretty accurate statement.
It's called Tumblr.
So did Apple try to patent Tumblr is that what we're saying?
Alright.
Let's go to something
that's going to need a patent here.
It's tonight's Listless.
Alright for those of you guys that have never been here
for Listless before let me tell you how it works.
We're going to go around
well first the point of this whole thing
is that we are going to come up with
the definitive list.
No arguments, no exceptions.
We're going to solve a great
question in gaming right now
with this highly scientific process.
And the way it's going to work we're going to all go around the room
there's five of us tonight so it's like a super Listless
Super Mario Listless.
We're going to go around the room tonight
and each of us are going to name three
things for the list. We're going to nominate them for the list.
But then the exciting part
is we go around the room and each person
will strike one item that is
not worthy of the list.
And remember our new twist as of the last time
we did this should a host have
two of their items eliminated from the list
the third item gets
immunity so that way it does
not like a person's entire list doesn't get eliminated.
So and then
the chat room will vote on their top
and we will get the one, two, and three.
The definitive list.
So here it is. Chatters if you want to help out tonight
start yelling your answers in
chat now. The topic tonight
mascot we most want
to gift to Sega
on behalf of OLR. Earlier in the show
we talked about Sega
Sega is looking for your
mascot in a nutshell. I mean I'm really
cutting corners here but they're looking for your
mascot ideas and they could use them
in a future press conference.
So we want to give them something on behalf of OLR
and VOG and all that. So here we go
going around the room
and giving our list
of the
mascots we'd most like to see.
Ladies first DarkSakura your number
three answer tonight. What
mascot would you most like to gift
Sega? Master System
the Sega robot.
And what would Master System the Sega robot be?
He'd be a cute robot
but he wouldn't be like mecha sonic because that would be
too derivative. He'd just be a cute
little chibi robot or maybe
powerful like one of the Robo-Eleste
robots.
Because Robo-Eleste needs more love
that game was awesome shut up.
I'm with you on that. But his name would be
Master System. Alright.
Because the Master System hello.
Alright.
Let's go around. Loki how about your
number three answer tonight for the list.
That's easy President Cat.
Why? Because it's
President Cat. Well that is a very
OLR thing and is being shouted by a lot of people in chat.
So President Cat. So I thought we had to pick something
original. Not necessarily.
Well who said President Cat has to
be that same President Cat? Since
clearly that game company didn't give
a fuck about our idea.
And you
might remember the translation was something like what
Boss Cat we said President Cat. No
Sukeban is like a female delinquent
and Shacho is like a
company president. You're like a female delinquent.
Shut you know what Rob?
What? I'm going to hit you in the face with a yo-yo.
And the only people
who would get that are people who actually sell Sukeban
Deca.
Alright.
SSG 100
Matt had a really good suggestion.
I will do my
number three answer then. My number three
answer for the list is well here's
the thing. Okay so on the Bobby
Black Wolf show he has an unofficial
mascot called Clicky the pen.
But if I were to try to steal
that on behalf of OLR
he might get very mad and threaten to sue.
So my number three answer tonight is
Dicky the pen.
Dicky the pen
is awesome.
Get it?
Dicky the pen
is awesome.
Just
think about that one for a little bit. Alright hey
Spike who's over there frowning at my
answer. What is your
number three answer for the list of
mascot you'd like to gift to Sega? I'd like to
gift to Sega Rob Roberts
in a Bjork swan dress.
Okay.
Do I have to
do I have to sing like her?
You have to have the egg purse too.
I'm a
fountain of love
in the
shade of love
I feel so bad for your listeners.
I'm
just singing Bjork.
Alright.
Lastly
but not leastly with the number three item
for the list tonight. Tim what is your contribution
to the list? Well since I think that
crowdsourcing a new mascot is kind of sad
I think a good mascot for them would be
a 32x with a frowny face.
So a regular 32x.
A 32x
with a frown face.
Alright.
Let's go to the number two answers.
Jamie.
Well keep in mind I'm not doing mine in any particular
order I'm just doing them in the order I want to list them in.
Fine. Segata Sanshiro the second.
Somebody
in chat said that earlier I think.
Yeah but they actually said Segata
Sanshiro but since I'm being original it's
Segata Sanshiro
the second. It's
ATA.
Segata Sanshiro
the second. Alright.
And if you
don't have seen it look up the Segata Sanshiro
videos after the show.
Alright. Loki your number two
answer tonight. A forklift.
And why would their mascot be a
forklift? Did you not play Shenmue?
Oh okay I get it yeah yeah yeah.
I think you can even incorporate it into like new
I thought there was going to be a joke there about
like moving things into the warehouse
but alright fine.
Whatever however you want to take it.
It's funny in multiple formats.
I think the joke was how you didn't get it.
I just I'm sorry my
brain didn't instantly think of Shenmue
out of all the video games in the world. It should always
think of Shenmue.
I apologize.
Alright my number two answer tonight.
Let's see I'm gonna take
this one from chat because it's so good
and I didn't really like the answer that I had written
but I think a great mascot on behalf
of Orange Lounge Radio would be
Non-Sylon Occupied Caprica
would be their mascot.
You are awful.
I approve but you're awful.
It's a long running
OLR joke Spike. Just smile
and nod. Alright Non-Sylon Occupied Caprica
from S.H.O.N. and I'm out is my number two
answer for the list. So Captain
Spike what is your number two answer for the list?
So I don't know your memes or anything
so I'm just gonna go with Dark Sakura
in a sailor suit.
Can I at least have a gun?
Sure. Yay!
Dark Sakura in a sailor
suit and a gun.
Why?
Because look at her that would be badass.
I thought it was a Duffy thing. Actually
you know what? I love
Duffy! I thought it was because Duffy wore a sailor.
Oh! Oh sure! Sure when you don't
get my references that's okay.
I don't get your references and that's a crime
against gaming.
Yep. By the way
little factoid my very first cosplay
ever was Sailor Venus.
That's awesome.
This skirt was way too short.
Alright
let's go to Spike. In the name of the moon
I will fuck you up. Let's go to
Tim's number two answer. Tim
what is your number two answer for the list? It was actually
really similar to Spike's and we did not plan it
that way but it was
the entire like all three OLR
hosts doing Bayonetta cosplay.
I don't have that much hair.
Can Loki be Jean?
Yeah
Loki can be Jean. Rob has to be the other witch.
What was her?
Yeah no.
He can be the little girl.
The little young virgin.
No! I will not be a little girl.
I'm not you. You be Jean.
He be the little girl. Oh okay I'm sexy right?
I guess.
You'll be wearing a breastplate.
I didn't say yes I just said I guess.
Alright so far the
list of mascots we will give to Sega.
Master System the Sega robot.
President Kat. Dickey the pen.
Rob Robertson
a Bjork swan dress.
32X with a frowny face.
Segata Sanshiro the second.
A forklift. Non-silon occupied
Caprica. Dark Sakura in a sailor
suit and a gun. All
OLR hosts in Bayonetta cosplay.
This is the worst list ever. Hey I'm already wearing the glasses.
I just like how everyone assumed I would
be Bayonetta so thank you.
The only way I would
wear high heels is if they had guns on them.
Number one
answers for the list.
Here we go.
Dark Sakura.
Oppa Oppa's retarded cousin Oppai Oppai that looks like a huge
boob.
That was oddly specific.
Oppai
is boob in Japanese.
So it would be
I won't use the R
word in the answer. I will say
Oppa Oppa's Oppai huge boob
cousin. It's O-P-P-A-I by the way.
Oppai!
Oppai Oppai.
Yeah. Instead of Oppa Oppa.
Because we all know that Fantasy
Zone is awesome.
Okay. There we go.
Loki your number one
answer. Ooh La La.
Because
why not? But Ooh La La
is already a Sega character. But she's not
a mascot. Yeah she does mascot stuff.
Kinda. Alright fine.
Space Michael Jackson.
Space Michael.
Here we go.
Nah we don't need a
topless Ooh La La. It's a video game character.
Apollo Smiles has already been everywhere topless
so don't worry about it. Hey come on. I'll put it
but it's getting taken down.
Oh Rob.
I'm already taking down one of yours.
If I can't have that
you know
I'm gonna instead of a game character
I want a game to be an actual
the Japanese table flipping game.
The arcade game.
It should just be a big table being flipped over.
Have you played that? It's awesome.
No I want to play it. It looks awesome.
That emote icon could just be their new mascot.
I love Chiggers Forever for saying
Dame Edna.
Hello my puppets.
Have you heard about my blast
processing?
That's it.
I have to redo the
pandaren meme and have it say
blast processing.
Alright. I'm stealing X Defers
meme. The sad thing is like 98%
of the audience just isn't gonna understand.
But for the
2% that do. You're welcome.
You know what? I'll do it for us.
Captain Spike. Your number one answer.
Well I've done
one for Rob and I've done one for Dark
Sakura. So I'm gonna go with Loki in a
banana hammock with a giant
purple dildo bat.
You should've just
done as Tingle.
Unfortunately. No no
Loki you were the one that wanted
to get past Tingle. So
Loki in a banana hammock with a purple dildo
bat is on the list.
And I can actually cosplay that in
Saint's Row.
Alright.
One more.
One more here.
From Tim to add to the list.
Last chance to get something on the list. Oh wait no I didn't do
my number one did I? No you didn't. Oh shit.
Alright then my number one answer.
My number one answer would be
now my number one answer is
inspired by the fact. I don't know if you guys know this. It's been
San Francisco in the Sega building. They're
no longer there in the Sega building. You know what company moved
in in their place?
Was Zynga. So my
number one answer or mascot is Zeke
the Zynga killer. And he's a coyote
that eats dogs.
You're a horrible person
Rob. I approve. Oh he only eats
Zynga dogs. Don't worry. Okay well then he can eat the
Zynga dog.
My number one answer
is Zeke the Zynga killer. Alright.
Last but not leastly. Tim
your number one answer. My
number one answer is a
terrifying amalgamation of all of
Sonic's shitty friends.
Like
some
vaguely Sonic shaped character
that's pink like the girl
Amy and has
Knuckles' hands and
a gun.
So it would be the Sonic Gestalt?
Yeah Sonic Gestalt. Thank you.
Alright. But it would have to be called SBO
cause that was the weirdest name. Alright sorry guys
this is a highly scientific process.
I'm gonna run down the list but here's some items that didn't
make the list from chat. I'm really surprised
with some of these. SJ100Matt the giggling
lesbians didn't make the list tonight.
Chigurh said Dame Edna
which we said.
Who was talking about the singer from D-Light?
It was when
he brought up Ulala.
The whole lawsuit and everything like that. Lady
Miss Keira Kirby. Let's
see. I'd vote for Bootsy Collins.
Nobody said Ferret. That surprised
me as well.
Let's see
what else did we say? Peep the Peep jouster
says SJ100Matt. Needs
more Rappy says Prince Brightstar.
We didn't name a ferret because
we respect the ferret too much.
Alright. But guys
this list is too big. It's time
to thin it down a little bit so we have to
go around the list. Since there's so many
people please let me know if you got two of your items
eliminated cause I don't know who said what at this point.
So let me run down the list and we will start eliminating.
Here we go. Master System
the Sega Robot. President
Cat. Dickey the Pen.
Rob Robertson a Bjork swan
dress. A 32X
with a frowny face.
Segata Sanshiro the second.
A forklift. Non-silent
occupied Caprica. Dark Sakura
in a sailor suit and a gun.
All OLR hosts in Bayonetta cosplay.
Oppa Oppa's Oppai Oppai
huge boob cousin.
Table flipping arcade game.
Loki in a banana hammock with a purple dildo back.
Zeke the Zynga killer.
And an amalgamation of all of Sonic's
shitty friends.
However this list is too big.
Dark Sakura. Which of these is not worthy
of the list? Just because
it's old and
played out by non-silent
occupied Caprica. Non-silent
occupied Caprica. It has been stricken
from the list. It might have stayed if it was a bottle of
Propel. Loki
which of these is not worthy of the list?
I don't think anyone wants to see me in a banana hammock
so...
I knew that was happening. Loki in a banana
hammock with a purple dildo back. It has been stricken
from the list. Spike
Oh wait no I'll go next. Me
which one am I going to strike from the list?
I'm sorry
Dark Sakura but I'm going to remove
Segata Sanchiro the 2nd
because you know what
a copy of something that's already out there is
too easy. Oh that's right that would be too much
awesome for the universe. But then who are they going to
base Segata 2 off of?
I know. Why didn't
we not have... except it would be nothing but bad
decisions. Hey not my problem. Hey hey
kids not my problem. It has been
stricken from the list.
Spike which of these is not worthy of the list?
I don't understand Dickey the pen
and so I don't wish to see it.
Alright. You know what we should have
said? We should have said
crap and now I just
forgot it. Nevermind. Alright Dickey
the pen. It has been stricken from the list.
This means Zeke the Zynga killer
has immunity. It's my last answer that's there.
So I think all that's left
though is Tim. So Tim
which of these is not worthy of the list?
Um
am I allowed to eliminate one of my own?
Yes you can if you must. 32X with a frowny
face is super depressing.
A 32X with a frowny
face. Tim has decided you know
what I'm not feeling it anymore.
I would rather see an amalgamation of all
sonic shitty friends. So it has
been stricken from the list. It should have the little
quote bubble that says kill me.
I remembered what it is. I remembered what the
suggestion that we should have done was. What?
Pepsi man. Oh.
Pepsi man.
Alright guys
that means it is time to
vote in tonight's list list. I'm going to
paste the list here in chat right
now. Send your number one and
your number two answers via private message
to Rob Roberts.
Here it is. Your choice is tonight. Master
System the Sega Robot. President
Cat. Rob Roberts in a Bjork
swan dress. That stayed.
Yes.
Forklift. Dark Sakura in a
suit and a gun. All O.L.R.
hosts a Bayonetta cosplay.
That stayed. Yes.
Hey I can only eliminate one.
Oppa Oppas. Oppai Oppai
huge boob cousin.
Table flipping arcade game. Zeke
the Zynga killer. And an
amalgamation of all of sonic shitty
friends. Send your votes via
private message to Rob Roberts
with your number one and your number two answers.
And to answer that question I see in
chat right now from BS JasonXV
why aren't we using the vognetwork.com
poll for this? All I'm going to
say is soon.
But not tonight.
Alright so
send those votes in
right now. We're going to tally them up and we'll let you know a little
later in the show. Hey SSJ100 Matt
I don't think that Konami would want to let go
of their awesome lie-in to Sega.
Alright
while I tally up those votes
I think we're going to take a- Dude I miss Pepsi man
those commercials were hilarious.
Yes. Alright while I tally up those
votes we're going to take a trip to the mailbag.
Oh fuck. Every week you guys send us
emails to mailbag
at orange lounge radio dot com and Dark
Sakura respectfully opens up the email bag
every week and dives in. What the hell is this shit?
And picks out some of her favorite
emails to read. It's all
sticky. At least it's not
powdery. Dark Sakura what
emails are you going to read tonight?
Okay I approve of how this one started. It's
from Degenerate Johnny. Greetings
and Salutations. Which I have
to do the Christian Slater voice from
Heathers. Greetings
and Salutations O.L. Army. It's the one
and only Degenerate Johnny. I wanted to
email you about last week's show pertaining to the lack
of strong female lead characters in video games.
I'm not sure if you've had the chance to
watch Anita Sarcasians
I know I pronounced that wrong
Kickstarter video discussing the
damsel in distress trope in games. But it
mentions the same topic. If you have not
I'm sure someone will post a link in chat.
While I do agree that feminism
is moving at a snail's pace
the lack of diversity is becoming less common
than it was ten years ago. Today we
see three dimensional character
development for both genders of all sexual
orientations. Such as Toni Prince
GTA 4, Samantha Trainor and Mass Effect 3.
We even see strong female
leads who evolve significantly throughout
certain game series such as a
young naive independent summoner who
learns how to become independent with
goals of her own. Yes I'm a guy that
played and actually enjoyed Final Fantasy
10-2. 10-2 Rob!
Big whoop. Wanna fight
about it? No I'm not judging you.
No hate, no hate. The great thing
about interactive entertainment is that it promotes
individualism over traditionalism. Therefore
the player is free to accept others regardless
of their race, religion, gender and sexual
orientation.
It is unfortunate that we live in a patriarchal
society but I believe that
both the feminism
and homosexual movement will progress
faster once the traditionalist
members of the Baby Boomer generation
retwire, retire
from the professional world. Although
I won't be present for tonight's show
I'm heading a card game tournament.
Kick their ass. I'm interested
in hearing your thought on this.
Congratulations on 502 episodes
O.L. Army
Knight Degenerate Johnny.
You, yeah?
This
is the thing about progress.
When people get it in their head
that progress needs to happen, it will
happen.
Like you said, the old guard's gonna
die out.
Any other thoughts?
I'm gonna admit
I'm furiously counting votes over here so
can you summarize real quick for me?
Basically, there's
a lot more diversity in video games. We're seeing
more strong female leads come out
and that basically the old
head up their ass
Baby Boomer traditionalist people are gonna die out.
Well they're not really playing video games
anyway. No. But I worry about
when I see these articles about how people believe
that strong female leads won't
sell. That makes me
sick. Or the statistic that 18% of
people are playing femshep.
We think it would be a little closer to 50-50.
You know what really surprised me
about that is just about every bit of the
fandom I've seen has been
surrounding a female shepherd.
Maybe once
or twice we'll see like a
thicc with a male shepherd or
fanart of broshep.
So I'm just saying.
Alright.
Okay.
Someone we haven't heard from in a while, Rob.
Hi OLR crew.
My email is directed towards Skye who asked
a simple question on episode 501.
What's coming to Playstation Vita?
The answer to that is found on Reddit where
users compiled a list of upcoming games
even those without set release dates. Here's
the link so you can skim through the list.
I don't care. I mean.
Hold on.
I freaking read it.
Guacamelee.
Which I kind of want to play.
Hold on. It's super good.
Sorry. Draw Slasher.
Soulcalibur Broken Destiny.
Zombie Tycoon 2.
Velocity Ultra.
Muramasa Rebirth.
Jak and Daxter. Dragon's Crown.
Kill... Dragon's Crown.
Tearaway. Batman. Arc and Origins.
Blackgate.
Final Fantasy X-2 HD.
Divekick.
A bunch of Oddworld stuff. Malicious Rebirth.
There's a bunch of good stuff on this list, but
I still don't think that... Ooh! There's an
Ys game on here too.
But I don't know
that it's going to be enough to really save it unless
they can
pull a miracle out of their ass.
Also, Skye, you have dabbled
with games from your...
Have you dabbled with games from your PlayStation Plus
collection? It seems a little unusual that you
haven't brought up games from Plus
that you haven't tried out before in
the How Was Your Gaming Week segments. I'm interested
to hear what you have to say on games like Disgaea
3, The Cave, Closure, and others. I did
buy Closure. Funny enough,
I have The Cave sitting on my PlayStation 3
ready to play. I just didn't get to it this week.
Because I had that other game to review.
Yes, I have been trying to grab some of them.
The Cave, specifically. I was
curious in checking out, so
hopefully next week. I did get
Closure, by the way, on Steam. I just haven't
played it yet. So many games,
so little time. But thank you for the
feedback on the Vita.
And we'll see what comes
at E3. I'm sure it's going to be a huge
thing as well. Okay, the end of this email.
I want some Pinkberry, the Nasty
Canasta. Who doesn't? I want some
Pinkberry. Okay,
this one's kind of long. Hello
OLR.
So, sorry, by the way, guys,
if I sound awful, I had an allergic
reaction earlier.
I got me a Wii U a couple weeks ago.
Basic set. I have been having
a somewhat good time with it. I'm already,
I've already,
I guess that should be got four games.
Super Mario Bros. U, Monster Hunter 3
Ultimate, Scribblenauts Unlimited, and
Justice Gods Among Us. Fun system that the
touchpad is taking a lot more
getting used to. I'll probably not
have, not be buying a lot of
non-exclusive games on the platform unless they've got
pro controller or classic controller support.
But it's proving to
be not the embarrassing waste of time
I thought it would be when the system came out.
I'm hoping and fully expecting the system
to become a worthwhile addition to the collection.
Speaking of, it seems that
Nintendo bullying out of the huge
dick-waving contest that is
the mega press conference. Oh,
bowing out, sorry.
Yeah, we covered that earlier.
Personally, I love the idea that Nintendo is ditching the traditional
conference this year in favor of targeted meetings.
The fewer charts I have to look at, the better.
However, it's sad that the gaming
media is quick to bash on Nintendo.
Not that I'm a huge Nintendo fanboy, but
I was always under the impression that we
won the games.
Sorry.
How much of it do you guys
feel it's just the people wanting to
shit on Nintendo because they're not the graphics
horror choice versus legitimate concerns about
the company? I think there's
a lot of bandwagon bashing, but
I
my thing with press conferences or release
of information, I don't give a shit how they
do it as long as they do something
and we find out what it is. I only care about the information.
I don't care how they put it out.
I just care that they do.
That's me.
I understand that in this cost-conscious
world we're living in, especially for
a company that hasn't necessarily been meeting
their goals, they want to scale
back on some of the pomp and circumstance,
especially when they always seem to get shit on for it.
So, you know,
why not change the game
at this point if you're them?
Anyway.
Back to the
I need to actually
pick this instead of email.
Lastly, my next
hardware purchase is coming around July
and that is the Retron 5.
I'm not sure about your thoughts on clone consoles,
but it sounds like they're going all out to ensure
maximum compatibility
and the 720p
upscaling, save states, and full button
customization for any controller you use on the thing.
That brings me to the question,
where do you guys stand on retro gaming?
Do you want all the modern
accoutrements that are offered by emulators
and will be offered by the Retron 5,
or are you guys intolerant of any deviation
from the original play limitations?
Me, I can go either way, though with
five cartridge ports, this thing is going to be
a sight more convenient than having my NES, NES,
Genesis all at once, and if only they can add in
support for Turbo Duo and Sega CD.
Anyway, that's it for the email. Thanks for reading.
This is my thought about it,
because given that I am in a position of both,
you did not put in the
do not give a shit category,
because it all depends on my mood.
It depends on how much I feel
like digging through boxes
to pull out one of the
Super Nintendos and plug it in
and then where to find our copy of
Chrono Trigger or Super Metroid
or, you know,
I prefer to play things
on the original console.
If I had the perfect vault,
if we had everything hooked back up again,
switch boxes and everything,
yeah, I would be totally playing it
on the original console,
because I can safely say I likely have
the original console.
But, if it's a quick thing,
or I want to play like a
Sega Densetsu 3, and there's an amazing
fan translation out, but I don't have a ROM
burner, then I'll play the emulator.
I'm not really picky.
If it's the only way I have to play it,
You have multiple Super Nintendos?
Do you not?
I still have none.
It's a shame that's carried out through my
adult life.
There's one over there in our house, too.
I saw it, and I was jealous.
No, we actually just bought
I think our fourth Super Nintendo,
or fourth or fifth,
because we found a box of games
and a SNES for 50 bucks
at Goodwill, and one of the games in there
was Pocky and Rocky 2,
which was unboxed
for about 150 bucks on eBay.
We're going to be selling it.
That's like that chick that found the
copy of Stadium Events at a thrift store
and she's making bank off it.
Just the whole reason is that
as much as we love the game, it's not going to be
one that we're going to play a lot.
If we're looking at the collection,
I'm almost always going to grab the Turbo Duo and play
Dracula X.
Which is the correct choice to make.
You know what I wish they would translate?
And like, Re-Burn on a CD is
well, Sapphire was a great game,
but Emerald Dragon
was an RPG
that came out on
PC Engine Duo.
You just named a game I've never played!
Holy shit!
Well, I've also played Panorama Cotton.
Okay, yeah, but I mean,
I don't unfortunately own a copy, but I have played it.
One of my friends that for a little while
worked for Ubisoft in Japan owns a copy.
She wouldn't lend it to me.
You're going to Japan? Let me borrow it!
Let me say this quickly about
the back to the email with the emulators and all that.
I really do like
the retro gaming
when it's done right.
Sometimes they're cheap cash-ins and you can tell.
I kind of wish companies in this day and age
would do more, especially because
we've shifted from
sitting next to each other in the same room
to a lot of internet play.
I've bitched about this on the show before.
Virtual Console would be ten times
better and more people would feel the enhanced
value if you could play it online.
If you could use that cam in your Wii U
optionally, to see your friend
while you're screwing him over in Ice Climber
or whatever it is you're playing.
Or a better game.
Like the Capcom Arcade
Cabinet Collection is actually pretty good,
because you can do the internet and all that.
I think the interface could be a heck of a lot better.
I really liked Game Room.
I really...
I loved Game Room.
It gave them that more time and nurtured it
just a little more.
I feel like Game Room could have been it.
And I'm really disappointed that they pulled the plug
as fast as they did on that.
I mean, maybe it just wasn't gaining the support.
I don't know, but maybe they just needed better games.
Some of the games they put out at the end
should have been out in the beginning.
Which they never did put out officially.
But if they've been sitting on Sunset Riders
the whole time, why didn't they put that out in the beginning
instead of some of the...
not that the 2600 games are bad, don't get me wrong.
It was really disappointing.
But, you know, like Virtual Console on 3DS
pretty rad that we can fire up
a two-player game.
Again, I'm going to use Ice Climber as an example.
But, you know, we can do that anywhere.
We could sit in the car and play
Ice Climber on 3DS.
Excuse me, versus,
thanks to Virtual Console.
I love that.
I would like to just see that pushed forward
a little faster, because the technology is
there to get it online and all that.
Anyhow, that's my thoughts.
We have another email.
Alright.
That was from RawStillUT.
The last email.
Howdy, y'all!
Howdy, y'all!
Howdy.
I was poking around in the Boston Red Sox
official store today and marveled at all the shit
you can buy there. Seriously, look it up.
There's an astounding variety of items
with the Boston Red Sox logo on it that you can waste
your money on.
Is there an equivalent store for WOW memorabilia?
eBay.
Is there a place online where I can
blow my money on a wide variety of WOW shit?
I mean, a sticker with your
flying mount on it is a no-brainer to me.
That thing you use
to get around in real life on the thing you use
to get around in the real world?
That would be awesome.
Stay black, redertainment trainer.
You know...
There's the Jinx store.
I think Geek has a lot of WOW stuff.
Yeah.
I don't know if there's a
Blizzard company store.
Jinx is kind of like one of their official
vendors.
They do a lot of that stuff.
They're always at BlizzCon.
That's like JYNX, right?
I believe so.
Like the drag queen?
Yeah, or like the Pokemon drag queen.
I was going to say too
that I think if you look on Etsy
there's a lot of fan-made
items that are really good.
And I know
that there are people
out there who will...
There's artists out there who will do commissioned
work of your character and your mount.
And she's talking to you right now.
But
it's possible. You can even make this stuff yourself.
It's not that hard.
There's a program that I was doing
a WOW comic in for a while.
It was like the World of Warcraft viewer.
Where it has all the mounts.
It has hidden stuff.
It has...
Oh, fuck what's dude's name at Icecrown.
Lich King?
The current Lich King.
Arthas? Or Bolvar?
Yeah. There's actually
a picture of him on fire.
Not standing on the throne.
He's just standing there on fire.
And he's called Lavaman.
You can have him.
You can have old, actual Warcraft things.
And the ability to make the stickers.
I was also going to suggest, honestly,
if your mall has a hot topic,
well, I see Warcraft shirts in there all the time.
But if you're wanting
props and things
or stuff to put on your wall,
check with cosplay
distributors.
Because you can get stuff there too.
I know people who make weapons.
Find a friend with a 3D printer and learn a CAD software.
Or what's that printer
that you've... It's like a couple grand
home 3D printer.
MakerBot? Yeah, MakerBot.
I think people have done
insignias and things for MakerBot.
You can also buy a monthly membership
to TechShop and use their fancy ones.
I think that, actually, the school I go to now
is going to be getting a 3D printer
in the next couple years.
For the art design lab.
Alright.
If that's it for the emails tonight.
Yes, indeed it is.
Let's go to the FUs of the week.
It's a chance for us to be angsty.
Because, you know, for
502 weeks now we've been carrying a little angst
on this show.
My FU goes to the pizza, actually.
To Papa Murphy's Pizza in general.
Because this is actually the third time
I've had an allergic reaction to Papa Murphy's Pizza.
And it's been a different kind of pizza
every time.
And, like, I'm talking about my tongue started to
swell, my throat itched.
I'm so sorry because it's so good.
I'm not complaining about how delicious
the pizza was, but
I was sitting here having... By the way, thank you for that.
I was sitting here, like,
literally having one of those,
like, weird
allergic reactions with the rash and everything.
And I'm like, oh my god. Well, thank god
Tim brings us drugs.
You're welcome.
But, I mean...
This is the third time
I've had pizza from Papa Murphy's in Reactiswood.
So, I don't think I'll be eating
here again.
Lucky.
Lucky, United States Postal Service for just
chilling on my package.
Instead of just, you know...
Usually that's what you want people to do.
No, you don't want them to
chill. You want them to fucking move around.
You want them to be
getting close to, you know,
delivering the package.
And said no.
They're just like...
You want them to make that delivery.
Exactly. Make the delivery.
Get moving!
I want my... Ooh, yeah!
FU did the crappy heat
here in Sacramento today.
Because I wanted to take my friends to the flea market.
But it was just too hot.
We'll go bargain hunting for
video games in October.
Exactly. With those two
Sega prototype systems.
They're going for like multi grand
on eBay. Bought for a dollar.
Yeah, I know, right?
Didn't they actually close down Auction Town?
Because that's where Trader Dan's was.
So, you're going to have a really hard time
finding the good game sales at the flea market.
I hope some of the flea market is still out.
I bet Trader Dan
started back up on eBay, though.
I would bet.
CaptainSpike, do you have any FUs of the week?
Tim, for
preferring Super Mario Bros. 3
to Super Mario World, and
RageQuitting on me when we played Super Mario World.
And you for making me play
Ice Climber.
Deal with it.
Alright, Tim,
do you have any FUs of the week?
I do. It was a related note.
Fuck you, Magikoopa.
I am done with your shit.
Fair enough.
Alright.
Let us
do a couple more stories
then we're going to open up the Skypline for a little bit.
We are running super long tonight, though.
So, I'm sorry. I might have to abbreviate
some of the end of the show here.
Let's at least get these new stories out of the way. Low key.
Okay, so the second round of auctions for THQ happened.
And some of your big franchises
have gone to, well, mainly Nordic Games.
They bought Darksiders and Red Faction.
And five of five games?
Guess what they get drawn to life.
So, yeah.
Gearbox actually got a hold
of the
Homeworld franchise.
The one that they were trying to
buy via crowdfunding.
And Nordic Games
actually has been working with THQ
for a while now.
Talking sequels and they're hopefully
going to get the same developers back on board.
Also, they purchased
MX vs ATV and Titan Quest
for the other two franchises they bought.
And then THQ sold all this money
to a lot of people.
Including Double Fine.
Codemasters for F1.
And
hell, they even own
Ruben
some money.
Different, I guess,
bonuses or whatever. Employee obligations,
they said.
One more
story for you guys tonight.
And I think this is very interesting. It's one of those things
I'm kind of surprised didn't happen sooner.
But, you know, lately
we've talked about a lot of crappy games.
Or, I shouldn't say that necessarily they're crappy
games, because there's still people that love them.
But, games that get a crappy
reputation based on the
internet. Games such as
Game City. Mass Effect 3
in the ending.
Aliens Colonial Marines. Duke Nukem Forever.
Well, you know what? Before all of that
there was ET, the
extraterrestrial on the Atari 2600.
But see,
when I was seven it wasn't as bad
as everyone made it out to be. But the most frustrating thing
was you always fell in the damn pit, right?
Well, here's the interesting thing.
A hacker went back
and fixed some of the problems people have
with the game. And now people are like
this game's not so bad. It's kind of fun.
So what were the things that were changed?
Well, for one, they made ET an actual
ET color instead of, you know,
that green. And most
importantly, they fixed the
falling in the pit all the time. Instead of one
pixel colliding with the pit, it's a different
collision detection, which makes it far
less frustrating. You're not always
falling in that stupid pit.
So, now just so you guys know
Howard Scott Warshaw made the original game
and he was really rushed
over time. As a lot of the movie tie-in games
were at the time, he only had
months to make it. Same thing happened with Pac-Man
and why that turned out so bad, too.
Isn't that funny? Pac-Man was awful.
Isn't that funny how some things never seem to change?
When it's rushed too much.
We would think we'd learn from history.
But anyway, yeah, so
according to
Warshaw himself, he said, I was either
the golden child selected to do the project or
I was the only one stupid enough to take on the challenge.
You know, he did Yars
Revenge too, which was a great, great game.
But anyway,
Neocomputer.org is
the one that made the project that
tried to fix some of E.T.'s problems.
And I believe
the project ended up getting
done by David Richardson
who goes by the handle recompile.
And that's pretty cool.
From Atari age. He single-handedly,
I guess, maybe this started the discussion
there, but he single-handedly ended up putting it together.
And fixed the well,
fixed the difficulty settings.
So, like, not every step
will drain your energy.
And some of this stuff. So, uh,
yeah, pretty cool. And it even, like, showed
tutorial videos and how they did it.
Yeah, and they even have, if you want to do the ROM hack yourself,
they give you the addresses and what the
change in the hex editor.
I bet somebody like you is like, well, I know you don't hack a lot of
Atari 2600, but this is still pretty fast.
The one that's already done. You can download the ROM, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
But very cool.
It's almost like how people
will hack SimCity to play offline.
Or fix, you know, alien colonial
marines. But, you know, some of the stuff in there.
It's just funny. Alright, so
there you go. That's it for the
official stories we have tonight. Let me know,
let me open up the Skype line.
1877 Game O-L-R, or our username on
Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one
word. If you want to go ahead and give us a call,
that would be awesome.
If you want to talk about something we talked about on the show
tonight, or something you think we missed, what you've
been playing, that's why you have a question for Captain Spike,
or Tim, and want to talk about
whatevers, give us a call.
Say hello. 1877 Game O-L-R,
our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Last minute stories, alright? So, in the
same vein of Metal Gear Solid,
and the sequels to that, and
going with different voice actors, the
next Arkham City game is
not going to have the same Batman
voice. They're going with someone younger.
Deal breaker. So, I have
Kevin Conroy will not be reprising Batman.
I've, and some
people are really frowning at the new Batman having
multiplayer. I don't think
that, again, I'm not going to throw the baby out with
the bathwater and say, Batman sucks because
they're adding multiplayer to it, because like Mass Effect
3, it was fine. I really love the multiplayer
Mass Effect 3. But I
understand where people have some great reservations,
especially hearing it's a new studio, and now all this
other, like, it kind of sounds like they're trying
to do this one on the cheap.
That is a big concern.
So,
you're agreeing with me over there, Spike?
I do agree.
Which is, because, Arkham
City is so fucking good.
Like, this next game,
to live up to that legacy, is really going to have to be
a step above that. When you hear things like this,
you kind of go, not sure
if, want?
We'll see. I'm sure E3 is going to answer
a lot of that. Anything else?
1877 Game O-L-R, or our username on Skype,
Orange Launch Radio, if you want to call. All one word.
Not really, but there's been some
Kickstarter projects I've been looking at, like, for example,
Anne, which is kind of a cross between
like, a Metroidvania game and
like, Gradius. So you get to fly around
the ship, and you get to also,
I guess it's more like Blaster Master.
You get to fly around a ship, or you get to go outside
on foot and stuff.
And it looks kind of cool.
Real quick, Tigerclaw in chat says,
the reason why the new Batman game has a younger
version actor is because the game takes place
years before Arkham Asylum. It's a prequel.
That's why they went with somebody younger.
That's an excuse.
He's a voice actor.
He's played younger Batman
in different, you know, animated series
and what have you. He's been doing this voice a long time.
He's very good. They also didn't hear
your mic off or something?
He's done a teenage
Bruce Wayne, and did a wonderfully
believable job.
Alright, we got a phone call here. Hi, you're on Orange
Radio. Who's this?
Dartitsouria. Hey, Dartitsouria.
What's up, buddy?
Hey.
Oh, not a whole lot.
I'm just, you know, hanging in there.
Well, what'd you want to
call us about tonight?
Well, I had a, uh,
hang on, let me mute my...
Are you here?
Did you forget to mute your radio before
you called in?
Yeah, I was trying to.
Sorry. No, I had a, uh,
so I have a
Steam key for La Mulana.
I want to donate to the show.
Heck yeah.
Wait, didn't
Dark Sakura have dibs on that?
Something? La Mulana on Steam?
Yeah.
Because I was like, if she ain't taking it,
I'm taking it. Shit, I want to play it.
I came super close to buying it until I remembered.
Oh, there you go.
Well, as much as I would love
to give a key away to the listener, uh,
to the listeners, um, I think we want to
kind of keep it for ourselves. Sorry, but
I want to play. Only because you rave about
it so much. Yeah. Do we want to play it for
ourselves?
Yeah. Why should we all be
playing La Mulana?
Well, it's a fun game.
It's like, like, you know,
those old school games were
tough, but, you know.
Yeah.
La Mulana, isn't La Mulana, like,
asshole Mario hard?
Uh,
it can be, but let's get the hang of it.
It's just, it's just memorizing
patterns, just like old MegaMakers. You know what?
I will be magnanimous
and donate
that code to you.
Yay!
Alright, uh,
Dark Tetsuya, I, I, I,
thank you very much for, for donating
the code to us and feeding our gaming
addiction further.
ActDeft in the chat room says, La
Mulana is your Mass Effect.
True? I bet he
doesn't have Turians. Yeah, I suppose so.
Alright.
Well, Dark Tetsuya, is there anything else you want to talk about,
talk, talk with us about tonight?
Uh,
just had a question.
Yeah.
So, um, so I was planning
on, uh, Best Gets 3. Yeah?
Right.
I kind of need, uh, Episode 169
to finish
working on it.
Oh, for, um,
uh, is this, this is the, um,
the, is this the DDR step file
stuff?
Oh, no, that's the, uh,
Best Hits compilation.
So, best hits. Oh!
So you, you need Episode 169?
You don't have that? I think he said 159.
Uh-uh. Alright,
we'll have to find it. If I don't have it,
then I'm sure Misty or Angel's got to have
it, or maybe somebody else has
a, I will look for it,
but there is an episode in the past
that is gone forever. There is a missing
episode that's completely gone, because
we weren't able to save it that night. And we were
too drunk to remember. There might actually be two.
So, there are a couple gaps
that you're going to find that, unfortunately,
they're gone forever.
Not a big deal.
Alright. Alright, well, Dark Tetsuya, we're going to let you go to get
more calls, but take care, okay?
Alright.
Sorry, he had some type of echo going on
in the background. It kind of made it hard for me
to hear. I think he didn't really mute the computer.
Or he had the TV on in the background.
He's trying to watch Chair of Swords.
And, uh... Damn that show.
Listen to us at the
same time. By the way, though, I did find a character
I like. Daenerys.
Because she sets people on fire.
And she inquires
about the location of her dragons.
1877 GameOLR
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
if you want to give us a call. Loki, can you talk again?
I'm talking.
And my mic is not working.
Why is your mic just suddenly stopped working?
That's weird. Because your board
is possessed. Maybe it just
needs to be dusted. It is kind of...
I wonder if our board might
just be... I mean, we've had that board
six years now.
It was a
damn expensive board. It should last.
I know. I'm just saying.
That's the reality. We might need something else.
Well, maybe it just needs to be cleaned out.
The contacts need to be...
We'll work on it. Live Radio.
Ain't it a blast? Because we didn't learn
that we were going to have audio problems
until, like, Bobby's
call tonight. Yeah, really, right?
Alright. I'm going to
just leave it open a little longer for another call.
1877 GameOLR or our username on Skype,
OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us
a call. I'm going to quickly try
to comb the Twitter topics at Twitter.com
slash O-L-R.
TigerClaw is sending us a tweet.
Eve Online getting a TV show based
on real player stories.
Hmm, isn't that kind of like what Defiance is
doing? But yeah, Eve Online
of course is an MMO that's been around for a
while. It's that whole
space one. Isn't that the one where
they had all that loot of
game time cards that were
on a ship and the ship exploded and it's like
all that money is just gone?
So yeah, Eve Online going to get a TV
show based on the stories in game. That's pretty cool.
Can you imagine if they turned
fanfic into TV shows? Because that's
essentially what they're saying here. Oh no, they did it.
Well, I don't know.
They did it for Mass Effect with the Citadel DLC.
I was going to say
that. Except for
creepy Shega.
Yeah, that really upset me.
That was so date rapey. Oh my god.
I felt dirty watching
it on YouTube.
Just
filthy.
Let's see, also at Twitter.com
slash O-L-R
a tweet from
ActDeaf. The third Skullgirls
DLC character voting has ended.
The fans chose Eliza, an
Egyptian based character.
You know, Skullgirls is pretty tight with the
Brony community. I'm not surprised
that ActDeaf's reporting on this. That's a
big thing I see on my Tumblr page a lot
actually. Brony? No, Skullgirls.
Oh, Skullgirls? Yeah. Well. There's a
big stint of Skullgirls stuff for a while.
That was a great alliance that they made.
Let's be real. So,
that's Twitter topics. Twitter.com slash
O-L-R.
Nobody's calling.
Nobody wants to say hi. How sad.
Come on, call us.
We won't yell at you much.
Fifth Dream in Chats is that's who they voted
for.
So, River City Ransom 2 is supposed to be getting
a Kickstarter. Oh, wait. Here.
Wait, no. She read that during the
rapid fire news. Yeah. I just want to remind
everybody to kickstart it when it actually
comes online. But it's not the real thing.
Who cares?
It has to be Kunio where it's nothing
else. Also, My Sleep looks awesome.
I kickstarted that one.
Among the Sleep, it's the one where it's a
survivor horror. The horror game
where you play as a two year old. From the
perspective of a two year old. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I would play the hell out of that. Kickstarting
right now. They need money. You know what?
I actually found a Kickstarter since
we don't have the one yet for Understanding
Video Games. I'm actually
except I think it's already over was contributing
to a Dr. Demento album.
Like another big compilation
in honor of Dr. Demento's birthday.
I thought it only had like two days left on it
a couple days ago. But I love
Dr. Demento. So, whatever.
Alright. Well, our listeners are being
shy tonight. Oh, come on. Give them one more chance.
Alright, one more chance. I'll leave it open a little
bit longer here.
Oh, I didn't do
Thank you. This is how we can fill time.
Listless results.
Thank you. Yeah, I did.
I wasn't paying attention.
Everybody's out of it tonight. These sound
problems just snowballed
into LOL. Alright, let's go over
listless results tonight.
You know why I didn't do listless results? Because in my
head, I already know. I already tabulated them up.
Alright, here we go. We don't live in your
head, thank God. Here it is. The
definitive list as voted on by the listeners.
Mascot, we are going to donate to
Sega in a close fourth
place, worth mentioning. Master
System, the Sega robot. In a very close
fourth place. Yay. In third
honestly, the way the listeners
voted tonight is really perfect, I've got to
say. So, I cannot argue with
this at all. Number three.
The number three answer for Mascot, we
will donate to Sega. An amalgamation
of all of Sonic's shitty friends.
It's the one I would have voted
for. There it is, number three.
Number two,
as voted by the listeners.
President Cat. Yay.
Fair enough, fair enough. We love you, Reena.
And the number one
answer of Mascot, we
will, and I don't know how we're going to do this,
maybe I can get somebody to put together a little
clip art, something for us. We can actually send this
to Sega, like a nice little envelope.
The number one answer that we
will gift on behalf of OLR,
a forklift, ladies
and gentlemen, a forklift.
I approve. Does the
forklift have a name? A forklift one out of
all the crazy things Rob would have had to dress up in?
Really? And Loki.
Forky.
Forky the Forklift.
You know what? Can't
I'll draw it. Can't the name be Q-Q-Q-Q
so it's 4Q the Forklift?
Oh my god,
that's great.
4Q the Forklift. And then he comes
into that song.
No, that's Taku.
Alright, there it is,
your winner of the list tonight. Don't give that
disapproving
It's funny and you know it.
It's my default look.
You're so mean.
Sometimes
I wish it were a TV show. DungeonBuster wants
to see the forklift fight the Daytona
car. I don't know, the forklift
would fight dirty.
It would just get under the car and flip it.
But the Daytona
car has the power of AM2 behind it.
Perfect Q-Q-Q-Q.
Alright, again, the Skypline
not lighting up. What's up with y'all?
So I'm gonna close it. Sorry
maybe Skype screwed up.
Everything else is screwed up on tonight's show. Why not
Skype? Alright. Well
that is about gonna wrap it up for another episode
of Orange Lawns Radio. But before we go around and get
all the final thoughts tonight, I really want to thank our guests
for being here tonight. Tim,
I'm glad we could pop your podcast cherry.
I'm glad
to have you do it.
And I'm glad that you liked my gift.
Yes, thank you very much.
I'm gonna slap you when we get home tonight.
Whoa.
Isn't that a little TMI?
Come on you guys.
But good luck with
whatever it is you guys are working on next.
And thanks for talking about
how you got into gaming and all that stuff with us tonight.
Sure, it was my pleasure.
Do you have any questions on Twitter or anything you might
if listeners want to follow you further or whatever?
Sure, TimTRP
at Twitter.
I'm sort of TimTRP at everything because I have no
imagination.
If you have any more questions for me or questions about
getting into the game industry or whatever, I'm happy
to talk to you about it.
Alright, awesome. I'll be sure to give you my resume.
CaptainSpike
it's about fucking time you came back to the show.
Thanks for being here. I literally haven't seen you
in years. Even if you are so mean to me
all of the time. But that's alright.
I am mean to you all the time.
It's like my second favorite thing to do.
But it comes out of a place of love, or at least
it better.
Okay, we can go with that.
You dick. Alright.
Gamebuoy.org if they want to hear
your own show.
Which I take back every nice thing I said about it
earlier in the show.
It's terribly unlikely given how big of a dick I've been
tonight. But on the off chance
anyone does care
Gamebuoy.org
Gaming news and views that aren't on your radar
but maybe should be. We'd really
appreciate the hits. And I just
want to say so much. Thank all three of you
so much for having me here tonight. It's actually
been quite a bit of fun and I really
do wish it hadn't been like seven years since
the last time I was on. Well, make
better and come back on a more regular basis
at some point. I would love to.
Fantastic. Love it. Alright.
Well, we're going to go around
and get everybody's final thoughts so we can close up
shop tonight. Um, Loki
who doesn't have a microphone. Loki, do you
have a final thought tonight? I wish my microphone
worked.
Fair enough. Uh, Dark Soccer, your final
thought tonight. My throat feels like a desert.
Uh, and my final thought
tonight is Haters to the left.
Uh.
Captain
Spike, your final thought tonight.
I hate you so much.
And last but not
least, Tim, your final thought tonight.
Um,
I just ate some potato chips that taste
like they're Doritos and they taste
like Doritos
tacos and in the computer science
world we call that recursion.
Recursive
chips. Love
it. Thank you guys so much for downloading
and listening to our show or listening to it live or however
you participate. Thank you for being a part of
Orange Lounge Radio. If you like what you heard,
all we ask is tell a friend or two about
the show because we don't have, you know, $35,000
to promote our show. No tea, no
shade. All tea, all shade. Shade that wave.
I'm totally judging right now.
Uh, but, uh, we would really appreciate it.
Leave a five star review on iTunes.
Thumbs us up on Stitcher or wherever you heard this show.
Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio
and, uh, have fun. It's just
a game you guys. Uh, spread
good in the gamer community. Do some good.
Have a wonderful week. We will see you next
time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
Orange Lounge Radio
is a production of
OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune in to vaughnetwork.com
Sunday nights at
6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern. The views and opinions
expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or Vaugh Network,
but you know they were all
still true.
See you next week!
