Tonight, April 14, 2013, could Capcom be ending HD fighting game remakes?
Level 5 is said to work on a PlayStation 4 game, and could one government be investigating in-app sales?
Live and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for tonight, episode number 500 for this April the 14th of 2013.
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
Nice.
What is pre-made mimosa?
It means that you don't have to buy orange juice and champagne separately.
How lazy are you?
They did that shit for you.
I did something called saving time, space, and money by just bringing it already done.
Because, fuck it.
It's booze.
It drinks the same way.
Speaking of fuck it, I decided to mark the occasion tonight.
I'm going to wear my pajama pants.
I'm going to take a picture, Rob.
With all these little lips all over them that say, kiss me.
Because I'm wearing my pajamas to OLR tonight.
Rob wants his pants kissed.
Because I give no fucks.
Happy 500th episode.
I think you gave the last fuck last episode.
So we're fresh out of fucks.
Sorry.
All right.
Say hello.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I wish these fries were better.
I'd throw them all away because they're crap.
You went to McDonald's, duh.
Hey, it's a crap shoot, I know.
I wasn't that hungry, so I expected them to suck.
I just wanted to be pleasantly surprised that they were good, but they were not.
Isn't that the tragedy that has followed you for 11 years here on this program?
The problem is I was very indecisive on what I wanted to eat.
So it was kind of like, you know, first I started driving towards Jack in the Box and I'm like, eh, I'm not that hungry.
Don't judge me.
I'm not hungry enough for Jack in the Box.
So then I went to McDonald's.
I'm like, oh, but I really want Subway, but it's across the street.
So I'm like, eh, I'll just eat McDonald's because I need to get gas.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Brad from PodCulture said they were the worst absolute things in the world.
They're amazing.
I love them.
I don't think they're the best potato chips I've ever had, but they're not bad.
The cheesy garlic bread ones, though, are pretty epic.
Are they?
They are quite epic.
Whoever came up with that little contest at Lay's, genius.
Here we are talking about food yet again.
Why break tradition, folks?
Why break tradition, folks?
I'd rather just have a waffle.
Dude, waffles would be awesome right now.
We do have a special guest here joining us tonight.
Say hello to Becky!
Greetings.
How are you, Becky?
I'm doing pretty well, thanks.
Welcome back.
Now, Becky, for those that don't know, is Jamie's BFF.
And so Jamie sometimes talks about her on the show.
And she's also quite the chef.
And so Becky was kind enough to actually cook.
Here we go with food again on a video game show.
Was kind enough to cook for us tonight.
What did you make for us tonight, Becky?
I made red velvet brownies, and they look like murder.
They are beautiful, glorious, dripping red.
I hope y'all don't see the food boner in my jammies right now.
I'm gonna go take pictures.
That sounds pretty epic.
Of the food boner?
No comment.
No comment.
Murder is Pretty Fucking Tasty
It would be awesome if you drew like Super Meat Boy on those because that would be... That's perfect.
That's it, Becky.
We have to do this again next weekend.
So what's going on, live listeners?
Is the stream not... I guess a lot of people are bitching that the stream is like stopping going tonight or something.
So I don't know what's up with that.
We're not doing anything different.
I can do it.
There's too many of you listening.
This is what's happening.
Bite your tongue.
All right.
We do tape live every... Every Wednesday when I'm not here.
What fucking show is having a birthday today, Rob?
We do tape live every Sunday at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwell show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And thanks to all you guys who do turn out live or who do listen to us in the podcast.
Speaking of VOG Network, are the brownies really good?
I'm about to eat one.
So we could go and actually ask the listeners questions and actually pull them instantly.
Well, Bobby Blackwolf, in celebration of our 500th episode, has made that a reality.
So for all you guys that are right there on live.vognetwork.com, because it's the only place you're going to see it.
So if you're tuned into IRC via MIRC or something, make sure you bring up live.vognetwork.com.
You don't need to refresh the page or anything like that.
This is going to happen automatically.
But it is time for the very first time we are going to go to our live audience poll.
Dork.
All right.
Tonight in the very first VOG Network live poll.
We are going to settle the great debate once and for all because we have to start with an epic question.
So here it is.
Tonight's question.
Let us settle the great debate once and for all.
Cake or pie?
Let us settle the great debate once and for all.
Cake or pie?
There it is up there at live.vognetwork.com.
You can participate right now and vote in the poll.
And look at this.
How cool is this?
We see the results live as they come in.
It's all tied up right now.
Oh, cake just pulled ahead a little bit.
This is the most amazing thing ever.
Bobby is a genius.
He's great.
Alright, so there it is.
Let us settle the great debate once and for all.
Cake or pie?
We will read the results here momentarily, but it does look like cake is quite a bit ahead here in the live poll.
Alright.
Moving on.
What else do I want to talk about tonight?
We had the new feature that I want to talk about.
Anything you guys want to say in acknowledgement of our 500th episode?
What the fuck are we doing?
Look at your life.
Look at your choices.
Well said.
I'm going to go drink now.
I want to drink too.
That poll is going to be too distracting.
I have to keep watching it change.
I know, right?
It's hypnotic.
It's hypnotic to watch.
That's awesome.
Do brownies count as cake?
We are going to be required now to use that sound clip every time we do an Insta poll.
That was the plan.
Do brownies count as cake?
That's a good question.
Maybe I should have added brownies to the list.
Oh well.
But what does ice cream cake count as?
I guess cake.
It's not real cake.
But what about pudding-filled cake?
Like Boston cream pie.
It's called a pie, but it really has cake bits.
Okay, you're making it too fucking complicated, lady.
So?
And of course, how thoughtful.
Oh, hi, Alan.
Hi.
What did you just set down in front of me here in studio?
Take a whiff of it.
Smell it.
Oh my god, it's that stuff I can't have.
I'm getting drunk just smelling it.
I have to smell how awful it is.
You want to smell it?
This is a present from Brad from Pod Culture, our pals.
Thank god, it smells more like whiskey than it does like cinnamon.
Do you want to smell it at all?
All right.
Alan, do you want to introduce the drink?
Yes, it's Fireball Whiskey.
The bottle art is amazing.
And we don't have anything for a chaser, really, so I got you a glass of water.
Apple juice I think would have been really good, but we don't have any.
I forgot to make apple pie.
Weep hole.
Chase it with a brownie.
You have to chase it with a brownie.
I'll chase it with a brownie, but here's the thing.
When was the last time we did drinking on OLR?
It was a very long time ago.
I don't know, but I remember one time I ate half a box of waffles.
If I didn't have to take my son to school every morning I would have totally crashed.
I forgot to take tomorrow off work.
I remember when you had the tequila binge.
That was kind of hilarious.
I don't drink tequila.
You did once.
No, I didn't.
Or was it vodka?
It's always vodka.
I could swear it was tequila.
Remember, he married a Russian chick.
It's always vodka, right?
She doesn't drink anything.
She likes rum.
When will you be ready to launch into your gaming week if Rob ends up in a coughing fit after he does this shot?
Get the first news story ready.
Don't we have a disclaimer we usually give during drinking shows?
Don't drink and drive.
I live here, so I can drink.
Don't be irresponsible.
and keep it in your pants.
Yeah.
Drink moderately.
Don't come up with, you know, next-gen game console ideas after, you know, consuming vast quantities of alcohol.
Okay, so here's my cheers to all you non-drinkers.
Can you toast me with something?
I'm gonna go make me a coffee.
Alright.
Yay!
Cheers!
500!
Yay!
One, two, three.
Five.
Hi, Rob.
I wish you guys could see the look on his face.
He's, like, gone immediately for the water.
Wow!
This is fantastic radio.
Poor Rob.
Your face is red.
500 episodes, I do what I want.
I'm gonna go make my mimosa after I do my week.
Oh my god.
Brad, thank you for the bottle of Fireball because this is so worth it right now.
The webcam's at my house.
I've been using it to stream drawing.
Loki, is there anything you wanted to say in celebration of our 500th episode?
No, not really.
I don't have anything I want to say.
Technically, Ron just had a double.
Just that I wish that the wife was capable of taking the son to school so then I could partake.
But, yeah.
I said I...
I cannot.
All right.
I just really want to thank everybody for supporting our show and being here.
It would have been great to do a giant convention for our 500th episode and just have you all in one room, but money.
Our apartment ain't that big.
Exactly, exactly.
We're happy to just have you all here and chat with us.
I do want to acknowledge this as well because this is the most awesome thing that ever awesomed.
This is something that one of our listeners, Codeman,
I need to take a picture of that too.
Would you?
Who has a YouTube channel, and I'm a horrible person because I can't remember the name of it right now, but hopefully somebody will dig it up and post it in chat.
But Codeman is a graphic artist like DarkSakura, but he designed this really amazing poster to commemorate our 500th episode.
And Jamie's going to put a picture of it right now at originalsradio.com.
Yeah.
I might start reposting stuff just to Tumblr because it'll take less time.
I believe his channel was at Ratchet1785.
Thank you.
You're very Tigerclaw tonight.
I love it.
All right.
So it's a poster to commemorate our 500th episode.
What's awesome about this is that he's drawn us as these little chibi characters, and DarkSakura is like an N7 trooper.
She's basically FemShep.
Loki is Grand Theft Auto, and he's got a bloody baseball bat.
And I'm World of Warcraft.
And look, guys, look.
I'm flaming.
and we have a ferret with dynamite strapped to him but you know what I really love about this is that if you look at the background he layered a bunch of listener names in the background I don't know where he got this list of names because I recognize old and new names in there like I look at this list and I go okay Jim Sally of course I know who he is but then I'm like Robo Boy 430 I haven't seen that name in years
so I think he did like a combination of people from like the wiki as well as people he's seen in our chat room and so forth so you guys are all a part of this poster as well which I think is just amazing he should sell prints of it I really wouldn't care and I think he'd make some good money so I bet a lot of you guys would like that alright
So, oh, Tigerclaw found it.
It's C. Taylor 1785.
Thank you, Codeman.
He also does, oh, you know what?
He co-hosts a show called Down for Maintenance.
I should plug that.
And it has very good artwork.
Go figure.
So thank you, Codeman, for that.
Should we go to the results of our poll?
Sure.
By the way, some of the photos are already up.
They're just being slow.
Okay.
At the very top of OrangeLandsRadio.com.
Alright, here it is, the results of our poll.
We're going to go ahead and end it now, so if you didn't get in, too bad.
The results of the poll was Cake won, and Cake was 62.86% to Pie, 37.14%.
You all pissed me off.
Alright.
Just kidding.
Alright, I'm finally going to eat one of these brownies.
I think it's about time to get into our gaming week.
So, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was semi-productive.
I really didn't play a whole lot of stuff, but I did play some more Drunken Robot Pornography.
That game is so fun, I swear.
Everybody in the world by now should know how much I love Jumping Flash.
It's Jumping Flash with guns and giant robots.
And really, really good music.
The game is crack.
I cannot wait for more of it to come out.
I also played something that I'm not allowed to talk about.
so I'm not gonna except I will totally leave one game for this one that's all I can say um I um oh yeah I played Minecraft I actually streamed me playing Minecraft so I could show off my house or I should say my underground bunker so that I can hide from everybody else no one can find my house you've been getting really into this streaming thing lately
I've more or less just wanted to get it to work because Dan and I have a plan.
I'll go ahead and do like a semi-announcement.
Dan and I have a plan to start doing classic gaming stuff on Twitch TV.
And I'm trying to decide if Twitch or livestream works better.
But we want to eventually get it to where we can run our capture card into... Well, we get a capture card to run the video game systems through the PC system.
and then have everything run off of the main monitor while we... Sorry, the liquor is starting to hit me.
So if I start smiling for no reason, just ignore it.
I was like, Rob, I'm feeling good.
By the way, I like never drink anymore.
So the fact that I have that is... I have no... I have the alcohol tolerance of a... Oh, J-Links, you are hilarious.
Of a child.
um but yeah uh so I've just been practicing like with different things and like lately I've just been um streaming um playing Mass Effect 2 because there's a couple people who watched it who just completely skipped it and are playing 3 so like no no no no no fixing this and then um I was playing Drunken Robot Pornography and I've been doing some drawing you know I tested out the webcam with it but I don't know if I'm going to keep doing webcam stuff
Now, I don't know if you heard Syl on Horde House this week, which we all love Syl.
I love Syl.
She's the best.
But she was talking about some of her experiences in live streaming and how – because she has the webcam on her, and she's very resilient and able to do that because she gets all these trolls coming in there going, take your top off.
Will you do – will you make out with a German chick?
Will you do mouth to ass?
Will you do – so –
Have you put your mug out there?
No.
Okay, you probably don't want to.
I had it pointing at a piece of paper.
Don't take that the wrong way.
You're a very pretty lady, and I don't think you give yourself enough credit, but there's just too many people on the internet that are crazy.
Horny.
Yeah, they're crazy horny.
Well, fortunately, none of them are my problem.
Okay.
but thank you Jason I will look into the Black Magic capture card but no I was just practicing you know doing stuff and trying out different things because I think that what we're going to do is we're also going to maybe try to start bringing up you know stuff that's actually in our collection like lovely pajamas Rob like we have a whole lot of deluxe editions of games like for example the Cyberbots limited edition and
That stupid Cardcaptor Sakura game that I had to have and played once.
It came with a damn pillowcase.
But, um... We're just really wanting to... And part of it is, too, we might actually be selling off part of the collection.
LeGasp.
LeGasp.
I'm talking about, like, the stuff that we actually don't play, which, you know, would probably be the Neo Geo CD and the Intellivision.
That's probably about it.
Um... But, uh...
I still haven't decided what I'm going to use the rest of it for right now until we get this officially started.
But Dan and I have been in the works talking about doing something like that for Twitch just because we're inspired by Classic Game Room and the Angry Video Game Nerd.
I just think that guy is absolutely hilarious.
It didn't make our show roll tonight, but I heard something about he's getting his own game or something.
Or was it a movie or a game or what?
He did a movie already.
He did a movie already because they had a Kickstarter for the movie and it was so dumb.
Yeah, the movie looked ridiculous.
The movie was absolutely ridiculous, but it was hilarious too.
I just want to point out when Becky just took that brownie, she left these in the shape of a dick.
Did you notice that?
You were so perverted because I was thinking they were in the shape of a T. No, those are balls and that's the shaft.
I have never seen a dick that red before.
That is a letter T. You would have to do this to make it a cross.
Now it's a ball.
That is a cross because this show needs Jesus right now.
You know what?
You know who needs Jesus, Rob?
Sorry, did I offend the Jew?
My bad.
You didn't offend the Jew.
No, no, try harder.
The atheist is pissed.
Oh, the atheist is pissed.
Well, then let me just call Justin Bieber, because then maybe Justin Bieber can really offend you.
You know, Rob, I'm so disappointed.
You're such a heathen.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
God, she got me into Mass Effect and it has sucked away my whole damn life.
True.
One of us.
One of us.
You're welcome.
All right.
Fem Shep or Male Shep?
Fem Shep.
I have done a Bro Shep.
I call him Bro Shep because Male Shep sounds weird.
But I did a playthrough just because it was the only way I could romance Jack.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
I don't get why Jack wasn't a crazy lesbian hookup.
I don't get it either.
It doesn't make any sense.
I would have gone for it.
Who is your romance of choice?
Because I know and I think it's a good one.
Who's your romance of choice?
Thane.
Thane.
Now, Thane kind of, they really screwed with him in Mass Effect 3 by, you know, spoilers, killing him off.
The game's a year old now, right?
Yeah.
But they tried to make things right with the Citadel DLC.
Were you happy with what they did?
I was very happy with it because it never actually bothered me that he died.
I mean, he had a terminal illness.
If he hadn't died, I would have found it stupid.
I like that they let him die in a heroic kind of way.
What pissed me off was that nobody said they were sorry for your loss if you romanced him.
I mean, Garrus is there at the...
memorial wall standing right in front of his name and doesn't say a word about it and that that was the part that pissed me off so actually getting to have a memorial service made me very happy
Yeah, and I have to admit, I did watch the whole thing on YouTube and watching the videos because there's an extra video.
Because you find out that... This really isn't that bad of a spoiler, you guys.
You find out that Thane made all these videos to Shepard.
Well, he said he did.
Yeah, and no matter if you romanced him or not, you get to see most of the videos.
But if you romanced him, there's an extra video you get to see.
And I have to admit, I got a little choked up.
And what especially got me was...
The goodbye scene at the very end when they're all getting back on the ship.
I was like...
The feels, the feels.
I am overcome by the feels.
I cried like a little girl.
I copied off Becky's save files from her Xbox so that I could mod her Shepard.
And so I played through all of the memorial and everything with her Shepard, which it's always very weird playing somebody else's Shepard.
But yeah, I actually had to go get tissues and cuddle the cat for a little while because...
Technus in our chatroom says, I think Jack being either bi or a lesbian would have been kind of cliche IMO.
But Breakman corrects and says, it is part of Jack's backstory.
She was in a relationship with a man and a woman.
And that's, again, live.vognetwork.com.
And Extover says, there goes any interest I had in playing the game too.
Oh, shush.
Shush, you haters.
All right.
Any other games that you've been into besides, you know, space operas?
I've been... Adventure Time?
They do have Adventure Time DS games.
Watching my son play a lot of Adventure Time and scream at the computer was kind of adorable to watch an almost six-year-old going, Stupid computer!
Stop that!
You're not supposed to do that!
Like, so cute.
It's so interesting watching kids now when, like, you know, back in my day when I was six, we had Commodore 64 and that was cutting edge.
But now, you know...
Oh, you had Commodore 64 when you were six?
You're such a baby!
Oh, whatever.
Becky had to play with sticks.
Heart, love.
All right.
Assuming there's nothing else for Becky's gaming week, let me go over to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played, let's see, lots of Saints Row III, actually.
We've been trying to go through 100% everything.
Well, 100% almost everything.
I guess it would be 98% because I don't want to play all the co-op stuff.
I don't really want to play through the game for like a fourth time.
It would just be so annoying.
You're so annoying.
I finished up the DLC stuff.
I'm actually finishing up right now the Gangsters in Space DLC, which is alright.
It's like the first DLC really sucked, and the other two were okay.
They weren't necessarily like... I mean, they were still kind of side missions, but they at least dressed them up a little bit more.
Um...
And they're just so short.
They're like three missions long, and that's it.
It's like 10-minute missions and 30 minutes for like seven bucks initially.
Kind of a ripoff.
So whatever, you know.
So I'm playing the room, and...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
A franchise you love and then you think, oh hey look, there's a sci-fi rip-off of that franchise.
That's what Defiance is for Borderlands.
It's basically a sci-fi rip-off of Borderlands.
And they've got all these different weapons that you can use and stuff.
And it's not necessarily that you specialize in anything, but the more you use a weapon, the better... Well, eventually it gets better.
And then...
They have the different elemental stuff and it's kind of hard to get good weapons in the game I've found so far unless I'm not doing something right.
But they have these lock boxes that you basically scavenge parts from killing people or taking weapons that you find and loot and breaking them down into parts.
and then you use those parts to buy keys and then using those keys you buy these random loot chests I guess that have two random weapons which for my, you know, so far doing tier 2 and tier 3 chests, they've all sucked.
So...
That's kind of lame.
You were telling me about the TV show beforehand, and Tiger Claw is saying some stuff in our chatroom about that.
Did you watch the TV show?
I haven't watched the TV show.
I don't even know if it's on yet.
But one thing I did know, or it just seemed like... Strudels89 in our chatroom says, I think it airs in a week or so.
I think it's Monday.
I think it's this week, either Monday or Tuesday, I think it's airing.
But here's the thing, they are trying so hard to almost be like a Battlestar Galactica or something like that.
Like I was mentioning, they have their own lingo, or their own slang, I guess.
To be fair, it's by the creators of Battlestar Galactica.
Okay, so that is quite fair.
So at least they're ripping themselves off.
Yes, they're ripping themselves off, but they're kind of forcing it a little bit.
Because you know, Battlestar Galactica, one of the most recognizable things is the use of the word frack instead of fuck.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But anyways, the game itself, it's kind of fun.
I like the fact that you can kind of just run around and do whatever.
I've been playing solo through the whole thing, but the way it kind of works is if you happen to go into an area, say you're doing a mission or something like that, and you're going into an area and someone else is also there doing a mission as well, you kind of get credit for it if you go and help them and stuff.
So it's almost like partying, but not.
But you can actually party in the game, I just don't.
Um, and then these Arkfall things that happen, which are a little repetitive, but they're pretty hard.
And you have, like, you know, 30 or 40 people just trying to take down, like, a massive alien or something.
And, um, that's kind of fun.
You get a lot of experience doing that.
But, basically, I mean, the whole, like, look of the game is very bland, I guess.
Like, I don't recognize... It's not like... This is supposed to be San Francisco, and driving around, I couldn't tell you, like...
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, and I have not paid any money for, because you can pay money to get a lot of things in the game, not necessarily anything that's going to help.
I mean, you could buy, I guess, tokens that give you more experience, like up your experience by 10% or something like that, or money drops or weapon drops and that kind of thing.
or they will have like you know customizable things to make your character look because right now my character looks like a 50 year old trying to look like a like teenager and it looks stupid but I don't care because I don't really look at my avatar that much he's facing the other way but I swear to god there's like no customization as far as how they look they all look like some weird fucked up person but that's fine because you can get a suit that covers their face up and you'll never see them again
I guess I'm just crazy.
Um, but yeah, it's fun, I just wish more people played.
The only person I know that plays the game other than me on 360 is, I have a friend I met a long time ago, Matt, who works at, um, Zappos, actually, so... Oh, Rad, the shoe place?
Yeah, he was one of the line directors there, so, um...
and many more.
Thanks for watching!
and I think the whole game is going to change for season 2 so whatever happens on the show is going to reflect in the game and vice versa I don't really know if there's any competing factions or anything right now but if they have something like that it may reflect in the show so it's interesting so far I think so I've been playing a little bit more of that
and then the other thing I played that I really probably shouldn't be playing because it's technically piracy I mean we shouldn't really talk about it but it shame on you whatever I'm buying the game when it comes out anyways but I want to play it early so that's as long as you're gonna buy it I'm gonna buy it so the gameplay was Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon it's fucking awesome it's just
XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, and Steam
and it's just it's so awesome it's just like this is basically a developer making a game they're like okay you guys make a game that's fun that you guys want to play and it's just so fucking why aren't all video games it's just so cheesy though shouldn't that be the mindset that goes into any game yeah I agree make it fun but it's just so cheesy it's basically this cliche you know B science fiction type plot that takes place in you know
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You know, partner, he, you know, kind of trolls you by enabling this tutorial mode in your, your suit.
And so through the entire tutorial, which is giving you stupid commands, it's just like breaking it down, like, you know, jumping allows you to, you know, change your orientation along the Z axis, weird stuff like that.
So he's just like, I hate these tutorials.
This is stupid.
I just want to kill somebody.
It's kind of funny.
And then there was also a part where that guy is hacking this missile guidance system thing.
All the jargon that he's throwing out.
I'm hacking the motherboard.
I'm doing this to this.
It's just all completely obviously made up jargon.
It's just hilarious though.
And then they reference stuff that no one has any idea what they're talking about.
It's just like that time in South America, yeah!
And then they go in there.
And then also I like how his partner uses the phrase motherfucker a lot.
He's the cliche black action hero guy.
We're gonna get those motherfuckers!
It's just awesome.
Did Samuel L. Jackson voice him?
No, he didn't.
I'm imagining those words coming out like if it was a comic panel in the same font as I'm Gonna Get You, Sucka.
Thanks for watching!
They have Blood Dragons, which are cybernetic dinosaur things that shoot lasers out of their eyes.
And there's Cyber Panthers.
Cyber Panthers.
I love a Cyber Panther.
It's awesome, but yes.
I don't normally condone piracy, but this is a game that I was going to pick up anyway.
You just couldn't wait.
I couldn't wait.
I was already planning on picking it up on Xbox Live Arcade and Steam because I'm multi-platform for some reason.
You just gotta have achievements.
I do.
Anything else for your gaming week?
That's it.
Alright.
My gaming week, pretty quick.
Not a whole lot of new stuff.
Most of the same stuff.
I've still been playing that freaking addicting Jetpack Joyride.
Extifer, if you're still listening, you suck for getting me addicted to that.
Also, World of Warcraft, been working on PvP.
My character's level 65 now.
I did try some new iOS games this week I wanted to plug real quick.
Talk about a couple of them.
Puzzle & Dragons Puzzle & Dragons
Yeah, I was about to say, isn't that like a rehash of the old... Yeah, it's partially a puzzle game mixed with Pokemon.
It's an interesting little puzzler and it has like Pokemon elements in it where you can kind of combine.
Which is funny because the combining elements was very similar to what I saw in that card game Guardian Cross from Square Enix that I got into a couple weeks ago.
Overall, Puzzle & Dragons, I didn't really care for it.
I gotta say, the puzzle mechanic part of it, I didn't think was very good.
Because it's, you know, you touch to move things and line them up in threes, and that doesn't attack, but you can literally move them anywhere.
So I think it's about setting up combos and things like that to ultimately be able to take out enemies, but the challenge really wasn't there, and it felt like a bit of a grind.
I would have to see it because I remember something about it being related to the puzzle industry.
That's where I heard about it because somebody was comparing the two.
It could be, but I didn't play the other one, so I couldn't tell you.
Puzzle and Destiny was hard.
Overall, Puzzle and Dragons entertained me for a couple evenings, but I'm kind of already over it.
The puzzle mechanic isn't enough to keep me interested in it, and I am sorry to say.
I also checked out Nimble Quest, which if you guys know Nimble Bit, they made Tiny Tower and Pocket Planes, which, you know, hello, crack.
But this new game is actually nothing like those games.
It still has the whole 8-bit feel, but they basically created a new version of Snake, and they even say in the tutorial...
Remember this game?
And they showed the little cell phone picture of Snake.
And that's basically what they've created.
But what you do is that instead of picking up squares that make your Snake longer, you pick up more heroes.
And some will throw fireballs, some use swords, some have bombs, you know, and that's kind of the gist to it.
And the other guys running around might try to attack you.
So it's all about maneuvering and not
and DarkSakura.com.
But overall, I liked Nimble Quest quite a bit.
The only thing I didn't like about it is that you go through the same levels over and over again.
You start at level one.
It's like you're going through the same levels over and over again, which is fine.
That's how a video game works.
But in a game like this, you would sort of think at some point I can either branch and go to different stages or I can resume where I died or something a little different.
I was a little disappointed that that basic mechanic wasn't somehow improved on.
um the last game that i checked out this week which actually is probably my favorite of the three is not free to play it's a 99 cent game it's called slaying and this game's really cute it's very 8-bit style and it's retrotasticness but um basically it's just got left arrow right arrow and button and you move left move right and jump and your character's a little 8-bit knight that constantly has a sword out in front of it and you can either move left or right and you're
and DarkSakura.com
16-bit retro To the moon
I would say maybe even Slayer looks a little more 16-bit than 8-bit.
It's somewhere in between.
It's like a 12-bit.
Like a TurboGrafx game or something.
It's kind of a little bit in between.
It's two 8-bit processors together.
There you go.
That was really my gaming week.
Just a bunch of iOS games, but that's one of the places people play games on now.
To be honest, that's where I'm doing a lot of my handheld gaming.
I haven't touched my DS in
Except when I cleaned it.
Actually, the last handheld system I played was a Windows 1.
Well, I still have been playing Harmonite, but I talked about that last week already.
And, of course, Swapnote, but I'll talk about that later in the show.
And, you know, there's still other three.
I even booted up Kid Icarus 3D Classics the other day just because I love Kid Icarus.
And the 3D remakes, surprisingly good because they didn't change much besides the backgrounds and giving it some 3D effects.
So it's really good.
Anyhow.
Let's get into tonight's news.
Yes, we're going to do news tonight just like we always do.
So let's have Loki start us off.
Alright, so EA has let some people go.
And of course they're not going to say who or why or where, but they basically have layoffs and they're not saying which teams are coming from.
And that kind of sucks.
But isn't some of that leaking out to the internet anyway?
Who it is?
Yeah, I believe it was EA Montreal, if I remember correctly.
It was supposed to be, I think, some of the people that are affected by it.
Yeah, EA Mobile Montreal.
So, I don't know.
And they were saying that, I guess, 60 to 70 permanent employees were let go.
And I guess another 100 people working under contract were let go as well.
And mostly QA testers.
So, I don't know.
It's just kind of the normal cycle.
Because, after all, EA did have a bunch of games just come out recently.
Like, you know, three or four games.
Yeah, four games.
I want to say that they just had Tiger Woods, Armia 2, Dead Space 3, and Crysis 3.
So, it might just be that they're...
Fuse, and then NCAA.
Is another game coming out?
Yeah, no.
And it's mobile Montreal.
I mean, I don't know what exactly EA Mobile Montreal was doing.
Facebook games?
BioWare is working on at least the Don't Call It Mass Effect 4 game, the Dragon Age 3, and the unknown game that the old Mass Effect team is doing.
Because they are not doing Mass Effect 4.
The multiplayer team is doing it.
So...
We'll see.
Probably at E3, get some more information about that.
Yeah, because EA Montreal, well, Montreal is Army of Two, but that would be just EA Montreal and not necessarily Mobile Montreal.
What else have they worked on?
As long as our friends here locally at Bioware Sacramento are okay, but I think they're doing a lot of the... What were they before?
They were... ClickNation.
Yeah, ClickNation.
They do a lot of Facebook.
They had a really popular Facebook game.
That's why they got grabbed up.
So I'm sure any Dragon Age, Mass Effect, kind of like Facebook tie-ins or something they were probably working on.
I don't know.
I've applied for them three times.
They haven't hired me.
Aw, poor thing.
All right.
Sorry.
Sorry, Loki.
Anything else?
Yes.
And unsurprisingly, the second year in a row, they have been voted the worst company in America by consumerists, which is a poll that they have on a website that people vote that are consumers that visit the website.
It is completely... Well, all the nominations are done by people that read the website, and then they take the top 16 or so nominations.
I think it's more than 16.
32.
And then they narrow it down from there.
and this really seems to carry a lot more weight than it ought to like a lot of people are I see a lot of people that are pissed like why did EA win this when Bank of America is a far more evil company when Comcast is more evil it's an anti-popularity contest Bank of America was one of the I think even they went up against Bank of America and it's just people voted maybe Bank of America is just not that much in the forefront for some of these people
It's a fucking internet poll.
Do we give this much weight to something that's on Yahoo.com?
I sure hope not.
That's my thing.
It's like, whose line is it anyway?
The score doesn't matter.
My vote for internet's worst poll goes to Consumerist, Worst Company in America.
Oh, you should be.
Remember, we're analysts.
We can say this.
You should be, too.
I could run a poll right now on the site.
Who runs the worst poll about the worst poll in America, Consumerist or somebody else?
I have to save that for special.
SSJ100 calls it an ass-hattery contest.
Whatever, it's just a contest.
It's just ha-ha lulz that they won again because ha-ha, you screwed up all the SimCity stuff and we hate you because of your DRM and your policies regarding cashing in and microtransactions and all that stuff.
Ha-ha, see, we showed you.
That's kind of what it is.
I couldn't log on to Mass Effect for a month, so I voted them the worst.
Shadow NextGen says in our chatroom, Anyone who voted EA as the worst company should have their gaming rights rescinded and be banned from the industry.
Look, people are welcome to their opinion as far as I'm concerned, but I'm just kind of like, you know...
Managements
So what management got laid off as a part of this?
That's what we really should be.
Well, they did lose the CEO.
That's true.
That's true.
You got me.
They did lose the CEO, and that, sadly, or fortunately, depending on which side you're on, is the person that needed to take the fall.
So we'll see if things get better, but if, you know.
If last year was any sort of, you know, barometer of whether things are getting better.
Nope.
Besides, how many years is it going to take before SimCity stops working when they shut up those servers?
DarkTetsuya in our chatroom says, I do give EA credit for their pro-LGBT stance and I do love Need for Speed.
They blame that as one of the reasons they got voted.
You know... What?
It's a tricky... I appreciate the fact that Peter Moore did come out and say, if that's the reason you're going to name us the worst company in America, then by golly, we're the worst company in America.
I appreciate that he said that.
But at the same time, I'm kind of like...
but like why can't you focus on the real reasons you're getting voted for this like a lot of that is feeling like smoke and mirrors and whether you deserve it or not it's falling on deaf ears it seems to me and that doesn't make it very promising that you're gonna change anything I honestly would have put more of the crappy video if I was going just on video game companies I would have put more crap on Activision I think or maybe Capcom
I don't know.
EA is the company that designed the whole online pass phenomenon that we see nowadays.
EA was also one of the first companies to...
You know those games that you had cheats in before in, you know, PlayStation 2 where you just enter a little button press and you get those cheats?
Ah, you can buy those now.
And even, in fact, I remember it was the first Godfather game they had on PlayStation 2 and Xbox where they didn't have such a way to purchase those bits of DLC.
They actually had button presses to do those cheats.
Oh, but on the 360, that's going to cost some money.
So, yes, they can go fuck themselves.
Origin's just the thing that pisses me off.
Yeah, Origin's the worst part of it.
Hey, but Rob, there's 45 million people on Origin.
How many satisfied customers?
And how many people are on Origin because the game they wanted to play was only through Origin?
If I could disable that shit, I would.
To be fair, and I have to say this, I have to acknowledge it, nobody liked Steam when it first came out, and it's great now, but to me there's a difference.
I'm kind of like Valve fixing it, yeah, I kind of see that out of them, but EA fixing it, I'm like, I don't know if they're ever going to.
I think that Steam, though, had it right from the get-go that, you know, let's put out games and put them out at affordable prices, get people interested in franchises, do big sales.
And EA's like, oh, that's not any way to make money.
And look where they are.
Hi.
All right, well, let's move on to one of those companies that DarkSakura said, you know, they're not doing much better, and that's Capcom.
And Capcom had something interesting to say this week, where Capcom Senior Vice President Christian Svensson said on the AskCapcom forums, quote, Sadly, I think we've probably run the course of feasible titles here, given the drop-off we've seen in sales with each new introduction.
That's in regards to HD ports and remakes of fighting games.
I think they've run out of games, to be honest.
Well, no.
They could really dig back in the archive.
Do you like the Mega Man fighting games?
Capcom vs. SNK, although I guess that's coming out on the PlayStation 2 or whatever.
It's going to be an old hit or whatever.
Just how bad is it?
They've come out and said that the Darkstalkers Resurrection sales are not good.
Darkstalkers Resurrection didn't even place on the list of best-selling PlayStation Network games.
In further comments, Christian Svensson saying it's partially due to lack of a promotion.
Quote, we've not given up, but I'm disappointed in the opening sales response relative to any other fighting title we've put out on the same platforms.
Given the frequency and urgency of requests we've had here over the last several years and the quality of the execution, it's the most fully featured and probably best project of this type we've done.
Here's a question that comes to my mind when I'm reading about these stories.
And that is, is possibly Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network just too oversaturated?
And that's what's causing the drop-off.
Is that there's just too much stuff on there now and it's hard to stand out?
Because I'll tell you what.
When Xbox Live Arcade first came out, shit, I was buying everything.
I bought almost, like every other week there was a new release, I would buy it.
Like just because like, hey, new game for five bucks, right?
I bought like everything.
Now, I honestly couldn't tell you the last game I bought on Xbox Live Arcade.
I don't remember.
It was a while ago.
Or even PlayStation Network.
I don't remember the last game I got.
Last game I got was Retro City Rampage.
Mm-hmm.
so is it possible that maybe part of the sales drop off is it's hard for this game to stick out because maybe you know it's not there's too much to pick from now maybe just DarkSakura is just not as popular as Street Fighter but isn't that the game that everybody was asking for
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft in chat says the last Xbox Live Arcade game I bought was Darkstalkers Resurrection YYR in chat says I'll say this much the moment Sony announced that Playstation 4 would not be backwards compatible I lost almost all desire to buy anything for Playstation 3 on the Playstation store that's a really good point that's a very good point I have to admit that crosses my mind too
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Interesting.
But there's other HD remakes on the horizon.
They might not be fighting games, but we do have the Dungeons & Dragons arcade game and DuckTales Remastered coming out.
Judging on the reaction that everybody gave, at least the DuckTales game at Penny Arcade Expo, I'm thinking they don't have anything to worry about there.
That's an HD reboot that's not in trouble.
But the Dungeons & Dragons games...
Now look, I'm a fan.
I'll be getting them.
But I worry they're a little niche.
I don't know.
I'm hoping I'm wrong.
I hope I am wrong.
I will be more than happy to say I was so wrong on that and that game sold shit tons.
But I have a feeling it's very niche and it might not sell well.
I keep my fingers crossed on it.
But I mean, they're not really giving it the best promotion either.
Are they?
Well, they unveiled it at the same expo they unveiled the DuckTales thing.
Well, yeah, DuckTales, but I mean, since then, I think they'd have to promote the hell out of it for them to really get the type of sales they're looking for out of it.
Again, I probably won't buy it because I've already got it.
Lots of people in our chat room saying some positive things about it.
Dungeon Buster says, yay, the D&D beat-em-ups.
Marinko, I hope I said that right, said, I would love to see more Dungeons & Dragons.
Well, y'all better go buy it.
Shiggers wants Mr. Do.
I thought they did a new Mr. Do not that long ago.
I thought they did.
I could be wrong.
I think it was out on a compilation.
Or some type of new Mr. Do, but it was really nothing like the old ones.
The sequel, Mr. Pooh.
Mr. Does.
Mr. Did.
No, they had a Mr. Do game.
I don't remember what it was called, but yeah, they actually had an arcade game where it was really weird.
Like, I don't remember where.
Yeah, it was just different.
It was like a platformer or something.
I remember thinking bubble, I don't know.
And honestly though, back to comparing the D&D to DuckTales, people underestimate the love for the old DuckTales game.
The DuckTales game was freaking sweet.
I mean, that was one of the first things that Dan and I ever talked about when we first met online ages and ages and ages ago.
He's like, we were talking about video game music and he says, oh yeah, my favorite is that DuckTales moon level.
And I'm like, oh yeah, me too!
And then we started reading, sharing bad fanfictions.
And it was love.
It was love.
Actually, you know what we met over, right?
Ranma 1.5.
Oh, I thought it was your sound rips you did.
No, I started doing the sound rips after I moved out here.
Ah, fuck.
All right.
Well, let's move on, DarkSakura, if you have some news for us.
Hey, Code Man's in chat.
Hi, thank you for our poster.
It's awesome, and I need to talk to you later.
It has to do with album art.
Secret messages to listeners.
Yeah, not so secret message.
How's that?
Well there was a survey that went out that showed the income disparity between game developers based on gender.
And it was actually a 2012 salary survey that was put out in the March issue of Game Developer Magazine where they were saying that even though the number of women in the industry is growing, there is still a huge salary gap.
is something like the average female game producer makes about maybe 79,000 and the average male makes about 86,000.
So we're talking about a huge disparity for the same work for people who are just as capable, if not overlooking people who are more capable simply because of gender.
Well, does the story get into why?
There's a big... Is that just because unfortunately... I can't get into the area that has the full thing on it because I don't want to pay for a subscription for it.
I was going to say, is that just an unfortunate echo of what can happen in the greater world, unfortunately?
Well, they're also talking a little bit more about where the bulk of women are working within the industry.
And it says that that's in art and animation at about 16% and game designers around 11%.
I wish I had more information.
I tried to get into the thing, but I don't have a subscription, so sorry.
Okay.
Marinko in our chatroom says, you would think we would be past all this gender inequality at this point in human society.
You would, wouldn't you?
And it's unfortunately that this industry has to really exacerbate that issue, it sounds like, from these statistics.
It's just a really... It's just pretty sad, I think.
Sort of sad commentary that...
I am glad to see more women getting into the industry because we definitely need it.
Especially after what we talked last week about the preference towards male leads in video games versus female leads.
When we've had awesome games with female leads like Mirror's Edge and the new Tomb Raider.
I really think that it's just something in the public perception that's going to have to change.
Yeah.
Well, we have the power to change it.
If people would listen to us.
I don't mean we, I mean we as a generation.
I know, I know, I know.
How about this way?
If people would be a little bit less distracted by things and actually get off their ass and do something.
Just saying.
Alright, Loki.
Speaking about the Wii changing.
Yeah, a lot of the features that are on the Wii, online features, maybe stuff that you don't use, I'm sure it's a lot of stuff that you don't use, are being deactivated starting June 28th.
This includes the Nintendo Channel, the News Channel, the Forecast Channel, Everybody Votes Channel, the Mii Contest Channel, and some of the data exchange with friends.
In other words, data exchange includes the ability to send messages to friends, and also all of the Mii data exchange in some games will end as well.
I'm wondering if that also means the Mii Plaza swapping of characters and stuff like that.
I wonder if that's going to go away.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Well, like Nintendo's ever had any real concept of embracing online technology.
It's kind of dumb that they had all these curated channels and they couldn't have just pulled weather information from Yahoo or news from anything.
I don't know.
RSS feeds, I mean, that's all they really are.
Why couldn't they have just updated, hey, we're not going to do these on our server anymore.
Let's just update this to RSS feeds for different things.
I haven't touched my Wii it was fun to spin the globe in the news channel and in the weather channel but yeah I mean that kind of loses its luster after some time but you know they're still actively selling the Wii granted the most recent model they came out with in Canada had the internet parts just stripped out of it maybe that should have told us something
But, you know, it's not like they aren't still... I mean, a Wii game is coming out this week, or just came out.
The whole Pandora's Tower.
Yeah, this week.
So, it's not like the Wii itself is dead.
It's dead.
But they're sure pulling the plug on Wii... Basically, Wii Connect 24 is getting its plug pulled.
Anything that runs off the internet on the Wii is done.
Yeah, because after Pandora's Tower, the next game you have coming out is... Smurfs 2...
and then after that, Planes.
Disney Planes.
And Disney Infinity.
So it's all kids stuff, but you're not going to get Madden, you're not going to get NCAA, you're not going to get anything else...
I think after this year, and maybe if there are some indie developers out there or smaller developers that really want to still focus on the Wii, I think you're going to be out of titles probably by second quarter next year.
YYR in chat says, darn, I can't check the weather at the North Pole anymore.
Everyone, you know you've done this.
Guilty as charged.
I have to say not guilty.
Totally fun though.
I've actually never played with the Weather Channel.
You check it out.
You want to know where my Wii is?
In a dumpster?
No.
It's in a box at Dan's mom's house.
I haven't touched that thing in months.
I can't believe I waited in line for that thing.
Although that was pretty fun giving donuts and bribing for our spot online.
It was.
It was a lot of fun.
RavensDolphin in chat says, I don't think people were using that stuff on Wii.
How many people sent messages on their Wii and watch it glow blue?
Not in years.
Mine is on the floor.
And yeah, you know what?
Let's be real.
I haven't used that stuff in a long time either.
So I can't sit here and go, oh, how dare they take away the stuff I used to love.
It's over.
That's fine.
I think the thing that's annoying people the most is it's basically just saying that Nintendo's just giving up support on this console.
They're just like, eh, we're done.
We have the Wii U now.
Which they kind of need to do to help motivate people to get the Wii U. Yeah, but what's going to happen when the new Wii U U comes out?
The Wii U U?
Is it the Wii W?
The Wii W. That's funny.
Her, her, I'm clever, her.
Alright, hopefully also funny and light-hearted like some of their previous games, and Fun will be the next game from Level 5.
Level 5 is probably most well-known for Ni No Kuni as of late, but they also did Dragon Quest VIII, which was so good, and White Knight Chronicles 1 and 2, which were kind of a little more controversial.
In fact, I heard the servers for those games are getting shut down, which is
Nino Kuni 2 Dragon Quest 8 2
or, okay, to be fair, maybe we don't necessarily need a sequel.
They can do something new.
That would be nice, right?
So, we will see what is next from level five.
Okay, Raven's Dolphin was hilarious.
Oh, what did he say?
There's been a bunch of jokes going on in chat about Wii U 2 featuring Bono and I said, you know, featuring The Edge.
And Raven's Dolphin says, is the Wii U 2 slogan with or without you?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
they cracked Ubisoft's Uplay security so they can download games for free and Ubisoft actually sent out a statement that they said that they are aware of the issue and are trying to resolve it the rest of the quote goes no personal information was compromised Uplay's PC download service will be unavailable until the problem is fixed however all other Uplay services remain available so basically it was actually a group of Russian hackers that broke into it and downloaded games for free so
Wow.
Hacker's gonna hack.
Yeah, but that's quite something to get in there and download games for free.
Yeah.
Loki.
Including, that's how Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon leaked.
Give us some more details.
How did this exactly happen?
It's basically a trick with a client that they, I think it's, they said it's easy.
It's even maybe like a console command or something like that, like that you would enter in, but
basically tricked Uplay into thinking that you own the game and allowed you to re-download it.
So they did that with Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon and some other stuff to prove that it worked.
And so now they're going to try to patch that out.
But, yeah.
I mean, that sucks that your DRM is able to be defeated that quickly.
Especially to have a game like that leak out early.
But, it is awesome, so I do recommend everyone go buy it.
Yeah, but still, I mean, you know... Well, they've taken down... Well, it's not going to stop people from, you know, the re-up.
Like, probably how you got yours, but... Once it's on the internet, it's...
On the internet for a second, on there for an eternity But yeah, they did their best to get that shut down as soon as possible But still, it was Gameranx G-A-M-E-R-A-N-X put an image of the game being downloaded That was for Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon And basically said, here is us sending it to the torrent sites
You know, bite our ass.
Hackers gonna hack.
Alright, so don't put your full games online.
Seriously?
Or like a month before they're supposed to come out.
I don't know, do they happen to do a brag about being unhackable?
Because usually that follows immediately being hacked.
No, but Ubisoft had that whole DRM thing which nobody liked.
Not that that makes it okay, I'm just saying.
That's probably the justification.
I got the Ubisoft little service myself and I said, you know what, I don't really need to play Assassin's Creed that much.
I registered some of my games with it.
It's, you know, whatever.
Alright, let us travel around the world and check out some release dates.
And Loki, we'll start with you in the US.
Pandora's Tower this week on the Wii, on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii U, and Justice Gods Among Us.
Shimogami Tensei, Devil Summoner, Soul Hackers on the 3DS And last but not least, one week from today, LEGO City Undercover The Chase Begins on the 3DS Oh, that didn't come out in tandem with the DS?
Nope Or the Wii U version?
No, it did not Weird Was it delayed?
I don't know I don't think it was ever supposed to come out at the same time Okay
NARUTO ULTIMATE NINJA STORM 3 NAMCO BANDAI
Going to the Xbox 360.
Yes, they do release Xbox 360 games in Japan.
Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 is also out this week.
I should mention that Monster Hunter Frontier G1 Premium Package.
I think that's just kind of like, again, like a Best Hits repackaging type of thing.
Next week in Japan, though, on the 360, Bioshock Infinite.
How about on the PlayStation Vita this week?
On the PlayStation Vita in Japan, Slaughter Mania 5.
That's the best name ever.
Zetai Shokugeki 2 comes out this week.
That's like Becky's brownies.
Alrighty.
On the Wii U this week in Japan...
Tomodachi Tomodachi means friend
Tamagotchi are the little egg babies yeah this is like little little people yeah it's hanging out with friends the game pretty much hang out with friends with PictoChat wait a second for people who don't want to go outside because it's a scary place you know what I can get behind that lastly on the PSP quite a few more releases on the PSP than anything else Amnesia Crowd in regular and limited edition Getsui no Kusari Sakura and Paranoia
Amnesia Crowd, 7th Dragon 2020-2 Flashmob, but you don't know why you're there
Sorry, I had to look behind me to see if I could find the joke.
Hold your hand up over your head.
You might catch it when it sails past.
You know what?
You guys don't deserve any more Japanese release dates.
That's it.
DarkSakura.
there's some stuff coming out in Europe on the 18th of April we have Papo and Yo on PC which looks kind of interesting and then stuff on April 19th Fire Emblem Awakening and Injustice Gods Among Us and that's it no more you guys don't get any more games aww it's kind of a slow time of year yeah
Alright, let's go for a few more stories and then the classic game of the week.
I bet y'all can't wait to see what she picked for this episode.
You guys are going to be so surprised.
Actually, I legitimately was.
Loki, what did you pick tonight for news?
For news?
Let's see.
I picked the UK government investigating in-app purchases because they believe that it's putting too much pressure on children to accidentally or maybe...
Misslead them into purchasing Smurf objects.
Or stuff that they don't need.
Basically saying,
The OFT is not seeking to ban in-game purchases, but the games industry must ensure that it's complying with relevant regulations so that children are protected.
Think of the children.
They're coming for you, Smurf Village.
La la la la la la.
Spend my mom's credit card.
Are we going to get Smurf Village 2 with the Smurfs 2 movie coming out?
Smurfs Village 2, Electric Boogaloo?
I hope not.
Okay, if it was really combining those two movies, I might have to watch it.
The Smurfs movie is so bad.
Katy Perry is one of the voices.
I kind of wanted to watch it just because Neil Patrick Harris is in it, but I unfortunately did not want to see that movie.
I think Katy Perry was Smurfette, right?
Now, if Neil Patrick Harris, the character from all of the wonderful Harold and Kumar movies, was in that movie, that might be something.
Okay, my husband, I have to go on a little tangent here.
Dan and I had a very interesting discussion about the Smurfs.
Okay, yes, my husband and I discussed the Smurfs while walking through Fry's Electronics.
He picked up a plushie Smurf and said, that's a big Smurf.
He said, actually, this would be about how big a Smurf really is.
And then he started stacking what the size of apples would have been because they're three apples high.
And he's like, how did nobody ever find the damn Smurf village if they came up to your shins?
So...
End of story.
Alrighty.
That means there would be no plot ever because everyone would be, oh, what are these little blue fuckers running around for?
Well, maybe they just lived in like remote Canada where nobody thought to look.
People live in Canada.
I know, but not that far north.
Yes, they do.
They lived in Nunavut.
Alright.
Nobody lives there.
Brakeman voted for Gargamel.
I voted for Azrael because Gargamel was pretty stupid.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, pancake.
Well, would you vote for this?
You know, I know a lot of people are very, they're purist when it comes to their Japanese voiceovers.
But here's an interesting one.
How much would you pay for Japanese voiceovers?
Square Enix is going to be selling a Japanese voiceover pack for the Steam version of Tomb Raider.
It's already available in Japan through the Western store.
Here's the thing, though.
If you want to get the Japanese localization pack, it will cost $30.
That's $30 DLC.
That's on top of what the game costs already.
Now, it should be noted, Japanese games do tend to be a little bit higher in price anyway.
The Japanese version of the game actually comes out on April 25th.
That is the same day as the voiceover pack.
and it will retail for $80.
This is typical for Japan.
So in a way, it's kind of like, well, the $50 you paid for it on Steam plus the $30 for the voiceover pack equals the $80 it would have cost you anyway, but there went your deal.
The only reason I could remotely think of it being that high would be simply the cost of paying voice actors, especially with...
I mean, that's really the only thing I can think of.
Well, it ain't cheap.
They'd have to basically decide what they've had to pay the voice actors for and then see what their overhead is for the recording and then adjust the price.
They're still, I think, pulling a big profit off of it.
And I know people will buy it.
Yeah, there's a lot of people in chat going, what?
Why?
But then you have Zombie Princess that gives us a little perspective here at live.vognetwork.com says, I would pay that much for Japanese voices in Mass Effect.
I would not because it was not ever dubbed in Japanese.
But neither was Tomb Raider.
No.
Well.
However.
I guess it is now.
Sorry.
Actually, I do have to say that Mass Effect in French sounds pretty fucking cool.
I want to know what her voice sounds like.
Did they go the route where she's super chibi or did they pick like a deep male Japanese voice for her?
It's Japanese voice acting.
She probably sounds super kawaii.
YYR in chat says, when was the last time a Japanese game was released here with subtitles and the English dub cost an extra $20?
Well, to be fair, you know, to import a game from Japan, remember when we used to import DDR and Beatmania and all that stuff?
Well, um, shoot, what was it?
There was, there was another, oh yeah, Sonic Adventure.
You remember when it came out on Dreamcast?
It had the Japanese, um, you could choose the Japanese voice track with the English subtitles.
Which, because I played through it the first time in Japanese on my, um, import.
So I played through it again in Japanese because I was used to the voices.
I think of a lot of fighting games nowadays.
I want to say Soul Calibur and Street Fighter.
The Street Fighter series, you can choose language.
You can choose between the two, but the amount of dialogue in Street Fighter versus Tomb Raider.
But it also changed the in-game voice acting to the Japanese voice actors, which honestly, if I'm going to listen to Ryu, I don't want him to sound like he's a white boy.
You know?
Breakman, going back in time a little bit in our chat room, or excuse me, not going back in time, but Breakman going back to an earlier comment saying, I would pay that much for a Mass Effect nude code, but I'm a perv.
You know what?
You can do that for free.
It's called TextMod.
Let me introduce you to the internet.
It is your friend, and there's lots of nudity on it.
Actually, I have, when I was putting in all those outfits to, you know, for my shepherd and everything, one of them is completely naked, except there is absolutely no features on it.
I'm sure that there's already a mod out there for Tomb Raider for this.
Again, it's the internet.
It's been done.
Actdeft in our chatroom says, just a friendly reminder, guys, it's optional.
Reminding us that if you don't want to buy the $30 pack, you don't have to.
But Black Wolf goes, it's required, it exists, therefore I must have it.
There are consumer whores out there.
And, honestly, it's the same reason why people buy dubbed anime here.
Even though I paid a little bit extra for the subtitled versions when they were on VHS.
It's people...
Video games couldn't talk.
DarkSakura.com
You guys have pushed me and pushed me and pushed me for Mass Effect.
So I finally decided to go with something a lot older than that.
I see what you did there.
Yeah, I picked a video game that was made in the 1940s.
Thank you for watching!
I wrote for my Geeks in History, I wrote about Thomas Goldsmith Jr., who basically is the guy that invented this.
He was from Greenville, South Carolina, born in 1910, and he actually filed a patent for a game with Estelle Ray Mann in 1948 that is a cathode ray tube game that uses radar displays used from World War II.
and basically, it's table tennis.
You had adjusting difficulties.
You would basically have your little paddles on either side, very Pong-like.
I mean, if you want to have something that's a frame of reference.
But it would knock the little ball from one side to the other using the same type of light moves on a radar screen.
So, like I said, it had adjustable difficulties.
He also had a missile game that using screen overlays, you could shoot
at targets.
I mean, it was sort of like... Screen overlays, so it was like the Vectrex.
Yeah, Vectrex-y, yeah.
But I mean, it used basically the CRT's electron gun kind of like an etch sketch.
The same type of theory behind it.
So we're talking about... Now, how long before somebody drew a penis using the technology?
45 seconds?
Rob, this was in the 40s.
People were so repressed.
I have no idea.
Like I said.
They made a cock overlay for it.
They didn't talk about it in public back then.
Becky said, they didn't talk about it in public back then.
They were polite company, Rob.
Rob!
You're so dirty, Rob.
Sorry, I'm trying to... I can't do your... I will call her later if you push me.
I love your mom.
Your mom's awesome.
Okay, but no, it was... I don't know, I'm imagining that they put like a little, you know, penis-shaped overlay on it and then had the little white ball shoot out of the top.
I don't know.
Anyway, but yeah, basically it detected the targets mechanically and then you used, I'm just going to read this here.
By connecting a cathodary tube to an oscilloscope and devising knobs that controlled the angle and trajectory of the light traces displayed on the oscilloscope, they were able to invent a missile game that when using the overlays created the effect of firing missiles at various targets.
Lady Byron?
No.
But, um, but I mean, with her, you know, she invented the first programming language, so we could just go back to her, but still, um... Are you looking at... I'm trying to look it up.
Ada Lovelace.
Thank you.
Ada Lovelace.
Um, so yeah.
But I mean, this guy here pretty much, without him screwing around with radar screens, would we have...
Earth Defense Force.
Just asking.
All right.
Thank you, World War II, for making video games.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Radar Games.
Radar Games.
Radar Love.
Is that what you're going to name it?
Radar Love?
I'm going to name it Radar Love.
Radar Love.
We should have played the song in the background.
Oh, that's great.
Let's see.
So AkumaJP linked this to me, and this was definitely worth playing with the prior story.
This is Tomb Raider Japanese voice acting, but I want to point out this is the older Tomb Raider.
This is not from the new game.
This is the Sega Saturn Sony PlayStation game.
She's watching a computer there.
That's not very exciting.
Let me fast forward.
to a loading screen.
Good lord.
That's the tutorial telling her how to play the damn game.
This is not a great video.
This represented the voice acting here.
Let me go back.
You know what?
Forget it.
It's lost its...
I wanted the British accent, but Japanese.
It was the cathode ray tube amusement device.
I'm still calling it Radar Love.
I like Radar Love.
It's easier to remember.
All right.
Let's take a break, guys.
We're going to take a break, but when we come back, there is plenty more to come.
We have some rapid fire news for you guys.
The Fugo Question of the Week.
More stories and...
Why not?
We're going to play match game tonight.
So stay tuned, guys.
Match game and more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio episode number 500.
Hi there, this is Flaco Jones, and you're participating with Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
And I want to use my voice to tell you, you should all play Ni No Kuni.
It's great.
Rob, you should beat Ni No Kuni.
And now that I said it in a bumper, you have to beat Ni No Kuni, or you have to play this bumper forever.
Never.
Never.
I'll never beat it.
You know why?
Because I have gamer ADD.
I never beat games.
Welcome back, everybody.
You're participating with Orange Lounge Radio.
Episode number 500 in progress here.
And if you want to send in a bumper like Flaco Jones did, and we have one other bumper that was sent in, and I'll let you know who that was next week when we play it.
That's quite an empty space there.
We're looking for more bumpers.
More information at the VOG Network forums, vognetwork.com if you want to send in a bumper for future use on the show because we do say it is the show where every gamer has a voice and we mean it.
We want to hear from more of you guys and what you want to use your voice to tell people here on the show.
All right.
Moving on.
I think it might be time for me to have one more shot.
What do you think?
Should I do one more shot?
Do it!
All right.
I'm going to go get one more shot.
Like I'm never going to discourage you from getting shit-faced.
What would you use your voice to tell people?
What would I use my voice to tell people?
I would use my voice to tell people to give me money because I'm broke and hire me.
That's what I'm going to use my voice for.
Jamie, that hasn't worked for 500 episodes and it's not going to work now.
And I think you forgot the whole thing where we're not trying to profit off this show, remember?
No, I'm not trying to profit off this show.
I just want a job.
Listen to my voice.
You want me to market your stuff.
I can sell you anything.
Rob, would you sell anything that I offered you to buy?
I mean... Yes.
Rob says yes.
He's off the mic.
He says yes.
Yes, I would go directly to eBay and sell all that crap.
Hey.
All right.
Hey.
Okay, shot time.
What's this cheers to?
By the way, these are double shots.
To the air we breathe.
The air from my lungs.
Rob just shivered and made stink face.
It was awesome.
It's fiery.
It's flaming.
All right.
I got your email, and I am so sorry I didn't get a chance to reply to it, Zombie Princess.
I will reply to it when I get home.
Is this personal chat time here on OR?
Hey, it's money.
Shut up.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get to rapid-fire news and talk about what else is going on in the video game industry.
Coming up, the Fugle Question of the Week, match game in this segment as well.
We're going to get players for that soon.
But first, Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about Ridge Racer.
That's right, Ridge Racer Driftopia is a new game that they announced that they're going to be putting out.
No, it's not like your classic Ridge Racer.
It's actually kind of an extension of Ridge Racer Unbounded, which is done by Bugbear, and they're doing a new one.
It's going to be a free-to-play game, so you're going to have, I guess, the ability to buy cars, repair kits, and XP packs.
Hopefully, it's just not going to be crippled by the free-to-play stuff.
It's coming to PS3 and PC.
Hooray.
This is something I actually backed on Kickstarter.
Road Redemption.
It is a spiritual successor to Road Rash.
It's in 3D.
And they're looking for $160,000 over the next 30 days.
And as of right now, I believe they're not quite there.
They are... Let's see...
34,000!
Not bad.
So I think they'll make it.
And it looks kind of neat.
It is not, though, done by anybody that did the original Road Rash game.
It's merely people that are fans of it.
So, sorry.
And last but not least, Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon.
It's fantastic.
VHS Tracking VHS Tracking VHS Tracking
So what does that mean?
Like it does like the little fuzzy wuzzies like a tape that's been demagnetized or something?
It's like all fuzzy and then there's the tracking thing going back and forth on the bottom.
Can you adjust it?
No.
And what's great is they have tool tips on there.
Like for example, fast travel is like traveling except fast.
Or guns or was it shooting enemies within range will cause them damage or something like that.
I need this in my life.
Alright, let's get to some other stories here.
This is interesting.
Armature Studio was working on an unreleased Mega Man first-person shooter called Maverick Hunter.
This is in a report from Polygon.
Armature Studio is the Austin-based developer that was formed from Retro Studios originally.
Yeah, it was a Mega Man X first-person shooter.
I don't know if that necessarily means Mega Man Legends or all that, but I think this was supposed to be a little more hardcore or something like that.
Capcom did cancel the project because Mega Man Universe and Mega Man Legends 3, all those went to hell, so why not this one as well?
Arbiter did have a prototype in 2010, and it looks like there was a little screenshot that leaked to the web as well.
They had video that leaked to the web.
I watched it already.
How'd it look?
I didn't see the video.
It
It gave me a lot of vibe.
I don't know if it would have been this bad, but it gave me a lot of the Bomberman Act Zero vibe.
It didn't really look like Mega Man.
He was firing machine guns and stuff like that.
And just kind of fighting some generic looking robots and doing all sorts of weird takedowns and stuff.
It just didn't seem very much like Mega Man.
It looked neat, but I don't know if it was necessarily Mega Man.
It...
Ubisoft has picked up German developer Related Designs.
They made the Anno strategy series, including Anno 1404, which is Dawn's discovery over here.
Ubisoft previously held a 30% share in the company, but they have purchased the other 70%.
It is undisclosed for how much that went for, but you can expect more strategy-style games from Ubisoft in the near future.
Unfortunately, Atari closed a studio this week.
They closed Eden Games, which was the mind behind Test Drive Unlimited and Alone in the Dark a long time ago.
This is according to a report from Eurogamer.
I can't believe they closed that studio after such a wonderful game like Alone in the Dark.
well I like the test drive games alright the problem was it wasn't Forza it just wasn't that same level to get away from the police you drove in the grass and they're like I can't get you you left a road how am I going to get you now damn you grass and also Lamborghinis make really awesome off road vehicles
TwitchGameGuru in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Atari still exists?
Exactly.
What have they put out lately?
Actually, they were supposed to be liquidating soon, weren't they?
Because I remember all their properties are supposed to be up for sale.
I don't know what happened to that, but it's supposed to happen.
Marble Madness is up for sale.
I know somebody needs to pick up Marble Madness.
That's an Xbox Live Arcade PlayStation Network thing worth picking up for sure.
They would have to do a lot to Marble Madness, though.
Like more stages than six.
Yeah, I know.
And like longer levels and more challenges.
All right, DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
I have some stuff and things.
It'd help if I was actually on the right window on my stupid iPad.
Okay.
So we have a new mobile game coming out soon.
The Prince of Persia, The Shadow and the Flame is going to mobile on that really fun date that we like to refer to as soon.
Don't know when, but soon.
and it's being developed by Ubisoft Pune or is it Pune?
Ubisoft Pune?
What?
P-U-N-E.
You say it.
Who likes the Pune?
Come over to Ubisoft and get yourself... You gave me this story so you could give me shit.
Get yourself the poonay.
You gave me this story.
Or you could have just said it's being developed by Ubisoft and saved yourself from trying to... It's Rob's fault.
Do not get in the way of me blaming Rob for shit.
I will judge you.
Dark Souls, because I know that there are a lot of people out there who like this game it sold 2.3 million copies worldwide and that was from software that put this out they actually had an event to announce this out for the Japanese press it sold 375,000 copies for PS3 in Japan and 1.3 million internationally for PS3 and Xbox 360 so yay for Dark Souls fans
You know what I think they should do with that series?
They should get the guy that made I Want to Be the Guy and have him help with level design for that game because that would be awesome.
Just to fuck with the fans and make it so hard.
That would make people jump off buildings or into bullet trains and that type of thing.
It'd be like a rehash of the beginning of Suicide Club.
And then, last but not least, remember that guy Adam Orth?
We were kind of giving him shit last week.
Kinda.
Kinda.
Well, guess what?
He quit.
Either he quit or was fired, but he's the one that said, sorry, I don't get the drama about having an always-on console.
Every device is always-on.
That's the world we live in.
Hashtag deal with it.
He decided to retire so he could get all the Pune.
Well, Rob.
I've been drinking.
Leave me alone.
Someone actually went back and asked him, did you learn nothing from Diablo 3 or SimCity?
You know some people's internet goes out, right?
Deal with it is a shitty reason.
And he replied, electricity goes out too.
That's somebody who worked for Bioware, if I remember right.
Could that have just been friends giving each other shit?
Because I'm way meaner to people on Twitter than that guy was.
Well, I mean, the person made another good point.
He says, you lived in Seattle, San Francisco, L.A., very connected places.
Try living in Janesville, Wisconsin, or Blacksburg, Virginia.
And then he said, why on earth would I live there?
it's a fair question I mean I'm sorry but come on like you haven't said way worse shit on the internet like you haven't said way worse shit on the internet I'm completely innocent yeah but I've said shit about places I've actually lived look
I get it though this is just the day and age that we live in is that you know whether or not you want to represent your company when you are the creative director for Microsoft there are people that are going to read way too much into your stuff like you know create a second account that's anonymous or something like that that you but like because I mean if you're like working at Microsoft you don't go I don't understand what the big deal is if you have it on your thing you're the creative director for Microsoft you don't go posting shit on the internet
Unless you hate your job.
Do you think that he ever imagined that the entirety of gaming online would read so much into his tweets?
Because people on the internet don't think about consequence, usually.
Ain't that the truth.
I know, right?
No one put a gun to his head to tell him to be stupid.
Yeah, but some people are just stupid.
Okay, but by your guys' definition of stupid, I act stupid all the time on Twitter.
Yeah, but you don't work for Microsoft.
I don't, but I like my job and I wouldn't want to lose it due to my opinion, but I'm also smart enough to not talk about my industry on Twitter.
Exactly, and no matter how drunk you might be right now, Rob, I've seen you far drunker.
You've seen me at my most drunkest.
And even in the depths of inebriation, I have never seen you said, I'm going to go post about my work on Tumblr, Twitter, me.
Yeah, no.
I've never done that.
I have seen you kiss a girl, which was very weird.
Why are we bringing this up?
Because you were drunk.
What does me kissing a girl have to do with an always online Xbox?
It's less offensive than this guy.
I love watching Rob turn red.
It's hilarious.
He is literally glowing.
I almost want to put that in as a poll question.
What's more offensive, Rob kissing a girl or that guy?
So anyway, the guy actually, apart from somehow or another losing his means of employment, which, by the way, I'm open for employment, Microsoft.
You can hire me.
I don't go saying stupid shit on the internet.
Just saying.
Are you sure?
Grab!
500 episodes, DarkSakura.
I don't say stupid shit about my job.
Honey, you've said a lot of stupid shit on this show.
I have said a lot of stupid shit on this show.
A real friend will tell you that.
I've said a lot of stupid shit off this show, too.
I admit it.
Anyway, the dude actually locked his Twitter and deleted his LinkedIn account.
So yeah, he's like, I'm going to hide now.
Can you blame him?
I don't blame him, but he's kind of stupid anyway.
If freaking LolTaku's going to be posting everything that you tweet about, then yeah, it's suddenly going to become a new headline, then yeah, I'd go into hiding too.
Seriously?
And y'all want to know why I don't use my real name on this show?
Because, you know, I like my job.
I just don't care.
What, about all this mess, or what?
Everything.
You don't care about everything.
You just don't care.
I still didn't get... I mean, other than the fact that his comments are a little insensitive to the fact that, you know, hey, there are a lot of people that are trying to figure out what this new Xbox is going to be like and the rumors that it's going to be online only.
And then you come out and say, well, I don't see the problem with that.
I mean, after all, it sounds like a fucking wonderful thing.
And then you start being insensitive to everybody.
Thanks for watching!
Obviously, they're not asking you to move to this fucking city.
They're talking about, hey, be empathetic.
And by the way, Rob, just for the record, I'm not offended.
I was just like, that's bizarre.
Oh, whatever.
Well, it's a Queen Simeon chat says, well, hey, if some people become bi-curious when inebriated, look, I just like to make out, okay?
I cook.
What's wrong with that?
It's actually a true story.
I cook when I'm drunk.
Who doesn't, like, enjoy a little kissy-kissy every now and then?
Come on.
You guys were playing Spin the Bottle, and I was the only one sober because I had to drive.
Well... Which was boring.
And I wasn't... This was, like, ten years ago, too.
This was at the you and Loki apartment.
Oh, that was a long time ago.
That was about eight years ago.
I don't remember that.
I mean, I remember you... I think you were there.
I remember...
I remember you like some of the things that happened when you weren't there, Loki.
I remember you like Matrix walking up or trying to Matrix walk up the wall.
That was fun.
That was during OLR.
That was during OLR.
Remember the DDR parties, the Bimani parties when people would inevitably end up like retardedly drunk and then try to play DDR and hit their head on the washing machine that was behind the monitor.
I don't know anything about that.
SSJ100 Matt says he got death threats the gaming community is sad that is stupid the action needs to be taken against the people who are making death threats over a video game console priorities people
Well, this is a problem though with the internet in general is that it's added this air of anonymity where people can just let the worst parts of their personality out without any sort of real consequence.
Except unless you know how to track IPs.
And then you can message them back and tell them where they live.
Alright, is there anything else you want to share with us for rapid fire news that's gone on for 20 minutes?
I'm done.
Alright.
Let's get to the Fugle Question of the Week and let's see how many of them I can make it through tonight.
Fugle Question of the Week.
Where's my Fugle song?
I could sing.
There we go.
Becky can sing.
She's a good singer.
She is a good singer.
Facebook, Google, put them together, you get Fugle.
And every week we ask a question and we read some of the answers here on the show.
There's a lot of answers tonight, you guys.
Who is your favorite character in a video game ever and why?
Easy, right?
I thought, you know, it's a special episode.
Let's keep it simple.
Let's keep it positive.
Do it.
Alright, so who's your favorite character in a video game and why?
Red Entertainment on Google Plus says, I like it whenever I'm able to play with myself.
And we're done.
Thank you everybody for the food.
That's been a great show.
I'll see you later.
See you next week.
Episode 501.
Thanks for joining us tonight.
that was clue worthy Rob I like whenever I'm able to play with myself I like playing with characters that I can style to be like myself or an idealized version of myself that's the unique thing about video games rare is the media platform that allows yourself to project yourself into the media experience rare is the media platform that not only allows you to but downright encourages you to play with yourself
I think I see what you're doing there, Redertainment.
And didn't he marry our own little angel?
Huh?
Redertainment?
No, it was not Redertainment.
You're thinking of Big Red Pimp.
I'm thinking of Big Red Pimp.
Different Red.
Different Red.
Sorry.
I get people confused.
Shane just messaged me other memories of things that happened in that apartment that are not appropriate for air.
Shane sent me a message.
Did he?
No, I'm telling him to.
Flaco Jones says, I have to go with GLaDOS.
GLaDOS.
I've been drinking, you guys.
GLaDOS.
As if she wasn't already worthy of the title after the first game, Portal 2 manages to give her even more depth and a backstory as well.
She also may be the most quotable character in video game history.
More quotable than the old guy in Legend of Zelda?
It's dangerous to go alone.
Actdeft says, Kirby, of course, despite popular belief, he doesn't suck.
Evil says, missing no.
By a simple random encounter, you get infinite rare candies and master balls for the cost of being disgraced in the Hall of Fame.
And Dasnichi replies, solid snake.
But are you still going to feel that way if it's not David Hayter?
That's my question.
I need to not listen to any more of this while I'm having drinks.
What, these lulz?
Okay, so on Facebook we have 30 responses.
Should I read them all?
30 responses on Facebook.
Grandpa says Mega Man.
After he acquires the boss's skill powers, he's very versatile.
I like my men versatile.
DarkSakura replied, but nobody cares.
Shut up.
Tim P replied and said, Commander Shepard, he's the sexy space marine I always wished I could be.
He said he, a bro-shep fan, a bro-shep fan.
There are no room for dude chefs in my head.
Burr replied and said, Sonic the Hedgehog, too fast for the naked eye.
Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic, he can really move.
Sonic, he's got an attitude.
Sonic, he's the fastest thing alive.
Anyway, to me as a kid, that was the moment when video games started to be cool and not just goofy fun with ridiculous looking characters.
I'll always have a soft spot for Sonic as a series.
Syl replied, Garrus, first time I thought an alien was damn hot.
I love you, Syl.
Dark Tetsuya said Pantsless Rage Just kidding, in all seriousness I'd have to go with Solid Snake That was an old ass That was an old ass That was an old joke
Gamer Girl says Sophie, later known as Protoss Hias.
Okay, this music is starting to not do it for me.
All right.
From Tales of Grace's F because she's odd.
Red the Haze says Renegade Femshep.
I've never had a favorite game character, but Renegade Femshep comes to mind.
You know what?
I actually have to kind of agree with that playing Renegade FemShep is pretty fun.
Except in some situations, then it's just bitchy.
But I'm playing one right now with Ashley's face.
It's really funny.
James S. replied and said, I have this game.
I love that game.
Yes, good choice.
The journey that young Will endures in hopes to find out what became of his father who ventured off before him ultimately changes the course of the entire world.
This game came out during a time when games of this art style weren't just for children.
The themes were adult and the story utterly breathtaking.
The music alone gives me chills.
It was part of a three-part series, right?
It was Soul Blazer was one of them.
Oh God, I can't remember the other game in the series.
There's one other game in the series.
It's Soul Blazer, Illusion of Gaia, and there was another one.
Damn it.
Well, somebody in chat will remember.
Somebody in chat, do our work for us.
Andrew S. said, The Chesire Cat from American McGee.
He's creepy and psychologically sane and insane at the same time and always cool and collected.
Bobby Blackwolf says, The Dot in Adventure.
He was so brave.
He was.
He had to figure out how to get through that maze.
Thank you, Ross Steel UT, Terranigma, that was it.
Oh, Prince Brightstar actually brought it up first too.
Yes, it was Terranigma was the other game.
Shane replied and said, another vote for Commander Shepard, but only if he's full on Paragon.
He sets the bar for what qualities I'm looking for in a man, video game character, I mean.
Giovedea says, the eye tetromino.
Everyone always wants the eye.
Alright, I have to go with Dante from the Devil May Cry series.
A complete badass, also a bit of an asshole.
You really get to see Dante go from reckless teen to equally reckless adult.
Ronnie B says, Aiko, he took me through a great journey.
He went through a lot in the story and overall the game was really original.
Extover says, Samus Aran, and I don't need to explain why.
Well, yes, you do.
Alternate Universe Extover thinks Nathan Drake is his favorite based on ass physics.
Also, Matt, my boyfriend's favorite is Yoshi.
Wonder Dog Harold says, Leon S. Kennedy, he's so dreamy.
Degenerate Johnny says, Craya from Knights of the Old Republic 2.
From being one of your companions at the beginning to becoming the ultimate villain at the end, you'll find that she's one of the most unique and best written characters you'll ever meet in a video game.
Emily C replied and said, the king of all cosmos in Katamari Damacy.
He is so fun, flamboyant, and makes me laugh every time.
That's a really good choice.
Barbara O says toss up between Cloud from Final Fantasy 7 and Balthier from Final Fantasy 12.
We get to watch Cloud make a terrifying discovery about himself and then fight his way back from it.
Balthier seems to be only a dashing pirate, but he slowly reveals both his trustworthiness and his strong moral convictions.
At least he's not talking about being a hero all the damn time.
These are all really good answers.
Austin replies and says woof old Donald from Star Fox because he can't let you do that.
Wicked says my favorite has to be Kratos not because of anything relatable but due to his utter ferocity and severe brutality I had not seen in a video game character beforehand it was almost like playing a villain as cold hearted and brutal as he was Kyrian G says Mayak the liar because his dialogue is extremely entertaining that or Luther son of Scotia from Lands of Lore 2 Guardians of Destiny who provided many sound bites to my family throughout the years
Edgar R replied Gene from God Hand There's nothing like roaming the post-apocalyptic world beating up mini Power Rangers and racing poison chihuahuas Rob H says Guybrush Threepwood He's a mighty pirate who can hold his breath for 10 minutes and he also has a rubber chicken with a pulley in the middle How can you not like that?
There's a lot of unique answers tonight.
I like this.
That's why I'm reading them all, because there's so many different ones.
Matt J says, I feel equally about two characters.
Sama Saran, she's awesome and badass.
I fell in love with her in Super Metroid.
My other all-time fave is the adorable and amazing Garrus.
I wasn't too sure of him in Mass Effect 1, but by 2, they made his character so much better.
He's sweet, a bit of a dork, but kind.
Jay Links says, Will from Illusion of Gaia.
There's two people that said that.
Go figure.
People have good taste.
I could relate at that age when I played the game about being the outcast strange kid in class and having a clique of dorky friends.
It also didn't hurt that the game's story was amazing and I really fell in love with it as my first real RPG.
Dave Falcon says, Duke Nukem, why?
Hail to the king, baby.
TigerClaw says, I'm going to have to say Mario.
Why?
Because he always gets the girl in the end.
Marinko says, Knuckles the Echidna.
Echidna.
Echidna.
I can never say that.
No one has better background music than that red demon.
Pumpkin Hill, anyone?
And HaseoSumerWogara says, to be honest, I'd have to say Auron from Final Fantasy X, Travis Touchdown from No More Heroes, and Big Boss from the Metal Gear series.
I loved Big Boss in the very first game.
That was amazing.
Lastly,
Slagkick says Bayonetta.
She's a fierce witch who kicks major ass and has great hair.
Great hair.
Fabulous.
You know what?
I'm actually starting that game next week.
Good answers.
Bayonetta is freaking amazing.
Yeah.
All right.
So let's go around the table.
I'm curious what you guys all think.
DarkSakura, I'll start with you as if this is going to be a shock.
Favorite game character of all time?
The Guardian from Guardian Legend
It was a character that was going around and kicking a lot of ass in one of the most difficult games I have ever played in my life.
And we all know how freaking hard that game is.
I don't have nearly half the skill I used to have at that game.
It's so amazing, though.
I've beaten it.
God, I wish that game would come back somehow.
I don't really want a remake necessarily, but just a spiritual successor of sorts.
I'm still trying to... I'm debating putting an MSX emulator on so I can play Guardic, the first one.
Oh, sorry, anything else?
Well, the Guardian effect, yeah.
But I also would have to... I mean, as far as classic gaming, that would be probably my favorite character.
Anything more modern?
I'm actually going to go with Bayonetta.
I really would like to go with my own Shepard, but I have my own weird headcanon.
Then you're playing with yourself.
Then I'm playing with myself, and that can get dirty, especially the places my brain goes.
I'm actually going to go with Bayonetta, just because it's totally fabulous.
I love her character concept.
I love the game.
It was completely over the top.
and I watched Dan play through it for a little while because I didn't you know really do a lot of console gaming after my surgery except for playing Blue Dragon so um but I've got a lot more endurance in my hand now thanks to practicing a lot so I'm gonna sit down and try to play through Bayonetta so playing with yourself has gotten your hand a lot of practice no I've been drawing shut up all right uh Becky do you have a do you have a favorite that you'd want to mention
Since the last time I played video games before Jamie got me hooked on Mass Effect was on my parents' Commodore 64.
Good choice.
I think I would probably have to say FemShet.
I really like her mostly Paragon with just a little bit of bitchiness here and there because it makes her feel human.
Very good.
Very good answer.
You're in good company with some of our listeners tonight.
Loki?
Um...
One of my favorite characters, and unfortunately, they better bring him back for the goddamn fourth game because that was a fucking mistake to kill him off.
Johnny Gat from the Saints Row series.
Fucking awesome, awesome character.
Of course, voiced by Daniel Dae Kim, you know, from Lost and stuff.
It's just awesome.
He's just a really cool character.
And the...
That's probably it.
My favorite video game character ever would probably be Rydia from Final Fantasy 4.
That's a good choice.
Literally watching her grow up through the game and I have such an attachment to that story too because that game was so epic and
you know that was really the first time most people in America saw the summoner you know and that was such a badass thing when she would come back to your party and she had all those you know summons and you'd go to her homeland and everything and she used the whip which was cool and you know had the black magic and she was great I and you know obviously she she had to grow up a lot fast in that story and went through tragedy and overcame it but I I just I have such an attachment to Final Fantasy 4 but Rydia was a amazing character
Robo and Luka together.
Twins.
OTP.
Good choice.
Good choice.
All right.
Thank you guys for participating with the Fugle Question of the Week.
I know that was a lot this week.
I read every single answer because you know what?
It's a show where every gamer has a voice.
Why not?
Let's get back into some news.
Loki.
Alright, so let's talk about some more Xbox rumors.
And hopefully, I don't know, I hope these are all rumors, so I don't know.
This is kind of almost like the whole online thing.
But once again, I still am under the assumption, at least, I guess, hopeful assumption that...
Microsoft isn't dumb enough to have a console that's online only that you know would be a major gaming console that's online only and maybe some of this kind of ties into it and it's this leaked roadmap that's been our new roadmap that they had now this is coming from VG leaks so who knows but basically saying that there's going to be two Xboxes the next time around there's going
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
XBLA and 360 Game Support
Come from the smaller Xbox unit, which may not have a disk drive like Apple TV, it would require a network connection and internet to provide any real functionality.
It may be possible they will design both consoles to be stackable.
And, you know, of course, the original rumor was that Durango is not going to be, you know, backwards compatible, which makes sense.
I mean, it's a different processor altogether.
And, you know, the PS4 is not going to be backwards compatible either.
Also, the Kinect, they're saying that a different department within Xbox handles the Kinect hardware and software.
The focus was more on developing and networking both consoles with Kinect.
More of an afterthought at that point.
It says, considering dealing with it is less an issue than hardware changes.
The main console, Kinect, isn't the primary focus.
However, it says development kits require several pieces of hardware combined, all the potential hardware, which may or may not be required to work with each other, which also includes the potential for any devices to require a network connection, which is where that required rumor comes from.
So, I'm thinking, I'm just hoping that it's not all online only.
This sounds a little bit more Microsoft, because Microsoft's always been about, like, streaming crap to your TV.
I mean, they have the whole Windows XP Media Center edition and that kind of shit.
So, I could see them wanting to be in your living room and kind of be this focus and stuff.
But, I don't know.
I'm just hoping that they don't make the mistake of having a console that's going to be a next-gen console that's only online.
Because, after all, Microsoft's live service hasn't been working very well the last few days.
Yeah, right.
So, it's not a good idea to say...
Hey, yeah, we're going to be online only.
Oh, ignore the fact that you couldn't connect to live the last few days.
But hey, yeah.
Let me ask this, though, because here we go again reporting on rumors.
Why do we keep – I'm not saying us specifically, but I'm just talking like the internet and the whole hype machine.
Why do we keep reporting on rumors?
Because we don't have anything to go off of from them.
All we know is that they're going to have, you know, some sort of, the rumor is that they're going to have some sort of reveal at the end of May.
But right now we have no information about it other than what's supposedly leaking out.
And I think, you know, mainly discussing this, I'm not saying this is all fact.
I'm just saying here's the rumor.
Sure, sure.
You know, this is a little bit, I hope it's a little bit more on this side than it's always online.
You know, there is no other, you know, way about it.
Alright, well I want to know how important talking about Xbox rumors are.
So you know what it's time for?
I think it's time for us to poll the listeners.
So we're going to put up a live poll right now at live.vognetwork.com.
If you want to vote in the poll, make sure you're logged in.
Live.vognetwork.com.
How much weight do you give to Xbox rumors?
It's Microsoft.
It's all true.
I think a lot of it is true, but I'm still quite skeptical.
I think it's mostly made up stuff for hits, but once in a while the truth leaks.
Or the internet is full of lies and slander, and I don't believe any of it.
Vote now!
Live.VogNetwork.com in our instant poll.
We'll read the results here in a moment and try to get some of the answers as they come in.
Oh, Rob.
And then one other thing also there, another rumor going along with some of the launch titles.
Next Gen Forza game, Rise, remember?
A couple weeks ago I've been talking about Rise saying, where the fuck was that Gladiator game that they showed that was supposed to be a Kinect title?
So that may be something that's going to be there.
And then some sort of, you know, kind of Nintendo Land-esque Kinect game.
Although I am seeing a lot of Kinect titles, two of those being Kinect required titles, so...
Not interested, but Forza sounds cool.
Forza Horizon.
Next gen Forza Horizon, I could be down with that.
Right now in our instant poll, it's very tilted towards the bullshit side of things.
67% of the vote for, I think it's mostly made up stuff for hits, but once in a while the truth leaks.
21% saying the internet is full of lies and slanders.
I don't believe any of it.
So only 13% of the vote at this point.
I think the math doesn't add up because it just updated.
13% of the vote right now only slightly leans true.
Zero people saying it's all true.
Zero.
Zero.
Rob, it's on the internet.
Of course it's true.
Well, some people would think that.
You know what?
Honestly, I almost lean towards that top option.
With Microsoft, there's very little that's fake anymore, it seems.
But we'll see.
We'll leave that poll up for about another minute.
Again, live.vognetwork.com, live on this Sunday evening if you want to vote in that poll.
I think we're all still UT has it wrong instead of the internet being 10% lies and 90% porn.
I think it's 10% lies, 10% hate, and 80% porn.
YYR in our chat room asking, where is the poll?
It will show up automatically at live.vognetwork.com if you are logged into the site.
Yeah.
If you're not logged into the site, it may not show up for you.
But this is a feature that's in beta right now, trademark.
So you can't talk about it to anybody.
Literally, this was not tested.
We are testing it as the show goes on.
So there you go.
All right.
Mr. Resetti from Animal Crossing, optional in New Leaf
He is not there by default, and this is because of QQ Online.
Now, okay, tell people about Mr. Resetti, for those that don't know DarkSakura.
If you didn't save your game and just turned off your Animal Crossing, you turned off the system, well, you had Animal Crossing loading.
When you started your game back up, this mole comes out of the ground and yells at you for ten minutes.
Okay?
in all capital, huge letters.
And from what I understand, because I tried doing it on my Japanese version, he's really freaking rude.
And it was just absolutely hilarious.
He's like, what did you do in resetting this form?
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And he freaking chews you out.
This mole, bitter, crass, grumpy old mole digs itself out of a hole just to give you shit for not saving your game.
This is not popular in our chat.
Game Girl says, what?
He's the best part of the game.
YYR says, it's blasphemy.
Game Guru says, Mr. Resetti has been fired.
No, he's not fired.
Let me clarify here.
In a column called Iwata Asks, Resetti's status was updated, apparently out of guilt.
The developers made him optional in Animal Crossing New Leaf because apparently he brought some players to tears.
Good!
Save your game!
They also changed the goal of the game from paying off Tom Nook to improving the town as the mayor.
So Tom Nook is no longer your pimp.
YYR says Mr. Resetti is a critical feature of Animal Crossing.
It is required for the game to work properly.
He handles many of the game's calculations, so it's technically impossible to run Animal Crossing without it.
Strudels89 says he was a dick lol Loki's a dick but we all love him we keep him around he's a vital part of this show we couldn't do calculations without him you know what we used to do all the time fucking time travel fuck that Rosetti I'm time traveling like fucking Marty McFly I would travel to my birthday every year just to get more shit
Now in an article on Destructoid, I really like this point about it, but in an article published on Destructoid, they talked about how it was one of the more creative fourth wall breaking moments in gaming history along with Psycho Mantis reading your save files on the PlayStation card.
I see you like Final Fantasy.
Dan and I had Sweet Coden Sweet Coden
But what do you guys think?
Is it a great fourth wall breaking?
I think more games should break the fourth wall, to be honest.
I think so, too.
But it was pretty cool watching the controller move on the floor with Psycho Mantis.
All right.
That's going to bring our poll to an end at live.vognetwork.com.
So from the last story, here it is, the results.
How much weight do you give to Xbox rumors?
62% of the vote saying, I think it's mostly made up stuff for hits, but once in a while the truth leaks.
Hey, finally a vote, 3% of the vote for, it's Microsoft, it's all true.
Oh, poor naive child.
Somebody voted for it.
12%, I think a lot of it is true, but I'm still quite skeptical.
22%, the internet is full of lies and slanders.
I don't believe any of it.
Haseo Sumirogawa says a good point.
Deadpool will, I'm excited.
But Deadpool, you expected of Deadpool.
You didn't quite expect that in Animal Crossing.
To have a character come out of the ground and yell at you for 10 minutes.
Whereas, I mean, didn't you ever read Deadpool in comics?
It's supposed to happen, hi.
Video Game Match Game Video Game Match Game
What were the potato chips that Jamie got excited about when they were set on the table earlier in the evening?
This is test your memory earlier in the show.
First person to remember and shout it out in chat will get to play.
And we'll take the first caller right now on the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
The first person to get through will get to play a video game match game against our chat room listener.
who answers first, which is Mako-chan or Joby Deya got the right answer.
There it is.
Mako-chan.
All right, so let me open up a chat window with Mako-chan.
Mako-chan from Makoto.
Oh, my bad.
Yeah, I'm drunk.
Well, I keep thinking of the Mako from Mass Effect.
You know what?
I kept calling it Mako because I took too much Japanese.
And the answer was Chicken and Waffles And Jason XV after that, Codeman, Tim TRP, got it What was in the cheese bread?
I just said the cheese bread was delicious Alright, let's see who Mako-chan is going to be competing against tonight Let's go to the Skype line right now Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Oh my god, I got in You got in?
OMG!
Who is this?
Raven's Dolphin
I totally love your icon, by the way.
It's gorgeous.
Thank you so much.
Flattery will get you everywhere, but it won't win you the match game.
You can come over and have murder brownies.
Would you like a murder brownie?
Yes, just send it over the internet, please.
I know you have to get the match game, but I have to know one question.
Alright, fair enough.
So you've been doing this show for 11 years.
Was there a time that you said, I don't know if I can go on?
Yes.
All right.
That was episode two.
Yes.
If I followed through every time I threatened to quit the show, there would have been about 20 Orange Lounge radios by now.
But you find your motivation and you keep going.
And a lot of the drama tends to work itself out.
And drama is drama.
And drama...
Drama was something I thrived a lot more on when I was in my 20s.
And now that I'm in my 30s, it's like, I don't know what else I'd have if I didn't have OLR.
The sad reality is, the sad reality is this show will end someday.
I mean, it has to.
Everything comes to an end.
But I like to think it's going to end because, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
or that we all sit down and we agree, you know what?
We don't have the passion for this we once did.
And I mentioned on a previous episode, I sometimes worry about where the gaming industry is going when we talk about all this always online and the management thinking they know what's best for gamers.
I sometimes sit here and wonder, am I going to be a video game fan?
Super Orange on Radio 2DX
which Loki still needs to update the freaking thing no it's on a different PSP website oh really yeah it was on like this called like PSP Drive and it was formatted for PSP and you were on there and I remember downloading it this was before the other sites and all that stuff this was before Black Wolf and A1 and I'm like oh Orange Lines Radio I'll download this oh VGN I'll download this and then yeah
Yeah, I have to admit, Loki got on that PSP bandwagon really early, and a lot of the PSP community really supported that older website.
We were on whatever the AOL blog was for PSP before they all merged into Joystick.
We were featured on there once, and that was really cool.
So as much as we joke about the PSP and that website and how out of date it is, that community really embraced Loki's little project, so we really appreciate that.
Yep, now it's Stitcher and iTunes.
Yeah, it's all about Stitcher and iTunes.
Especially Stitcher, I think, is really the wave of the future, especially as iTunes kind of continues to, you know, shove podcasting under the table.
But that's for another episode.
I do have to share this.
Frisbee says, when that happens, convert OLR to food in Disneyland talk.
And so John's like, episode 501, dull whips.
Ragenator in chat says, I've been a fan of gaming for 32 years.
I don't see myself losing my gaming passion.
You know, and I think ultimately I tend to agree.
I may get really pissed off at some of the decisions that happen in the gaming industry, but at the end of the day, I could always come on here and talk about Commodore 64.
Right.
I keep going.
You keep going.
You ready to play match game?
Of course.
All right, let's get to the match game.
All right.
Do you know how the match game works, Raven's Dolphin?
No.
Oh my god, do I know.
I mean, too bad we don't even have Charles Nelson Reilly or that guy from...
from Family Feud.
Well, you've got me, Richard Dawson.
You've got me.
And you've got on the panel tonight, you've got Techmaster Loki is here joining us on the panel tonight.
Hello.
And DarkSakura is here.
Hi.
And I'm here.
And Chef Becky is here.
Iron Chef Becky is here with her murder brownies to play with us.
Hello.
And Becky, you're going to play with us too, right?
Sure.
Sure, why not?
And then also joining us in studio tonight, say hello to... Hello, Mother Dollars.
Wow.
Oh, Alan, you're the best.
Or excuse me, is it Lil' Alan tonight?
It's not Lil' Edie, it's just Alan.
Hello.
All right, Alan is going to be joining us tonight.
So here's how it works for the listeners who may not know.
We're going to read some statements, and these statements will have a blank at the end of them or near the end of them.
It's up to Raven's Dolphin and Mako Chan playing along in our chat room to guess what will be said in that blank by the hosts on the panel.
For every answer they get right, they will get a point.
but like whose line is it anyway the points really don't matter but we'll give our we'll give our winner a little something we'll send you a no prize all right so here we go and Mako Chan if you're sitting there in our chat room uh be sure to send your message your answers over private message to me as I give them to you all right uh so here we go here is question number one tonight Bobby Blackwolf it's the first question it's got to be about Bobby
Bobby Blackwolf brought on the ire of 4chan this week by voicing his opinion on Twitter.
He didn't really seem to care at first, but he really lost it when they came for his blank.
Bobby Blackwolf brought on the ire of 4chan this week by voicing his opinion on Twitter.
He didn't really seem to care about it at first, but he really lost it when they came for his blank.
Chatters, you can help out by voicing your answer in our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com.
You know, I actually did miss the whole 4chan thing.
I don't even know.
It wasn't really that serious.
Bobby had an opinion and some folks disagreed with it.
You know what 4chan's for?
Rolling my eyes.
And porn.
Ding for me.
Becky, you good?
Do you have an answer?
She's thinking.
Peek over Jamie's show, the iPad, and get some help from the chatters.
You have an answer, Alan?
All right.
Uh, he really lost it when they came for his blank Am I supposed to say something now?
No, no, no, not yet, because we need Becky to ding first She's, she's, she's, she's Oh, Becky, you'll do great Help her out, Jamie Feed her one of the answers, it'll be funny
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Raven's Dolphin the question is Bobby Blackwolf brought on the Ira 4chan this week by voicing his opinion on Twitter he didn't really seem to care at first but he really lost it when they came for his
Banhammer.
His Banhammer.
Good answer.
Good answer.
It's the only thing I could come up with.
Mako Chan in chat says, when they came for his Anon membership card.
I did not know Bobby was in Anon, but apparently he was.
All right.
Let's go around and see if we've got any match.
Banhammer or Anon membership card.
Loki, what did you get?
When they came for his?
Fence.
When they came for his fence.
Not a match if you've been following the recent drama online.
No, and they came for his fence.
DarkSakura, when they came for his... Fence.
When they came for his fence.
That's two for fence.
He really lost it when they came for his... Those damn kids and his fence.
Allen, what did you say when they came for his?
Anti-brony propaganda.
Anti-brony propaganda.
Oh, damn it.
Not a match.
Not a match.
All right.
And I said that he really lost it when they came for his clicky pen.
Clicky.
Clicky pen.
I thought it was clicky the pen.
Also not a match, but it's a clicky pen.
All right.
The score, let's look at the leaderboard right now.
Zero to zero.
All righty.
Zero to zero.
All right, that's all right, Raven's Dolphin.
You can make it all up on question number two out of four tonight.
All right, here we go.
Question number two.
Question number two is, the cast of Orange Lounge Radio was really appreciative that Becky baked brownies for their 500th episode.
You know what would top this for our 666th show though, said Rob?
Loki piped up and said, yeah, you should cook the blank.
Ding.
Ding, I guess.
Becky baked brownies.
You know what would top this for our 666th show though, said Rob?
Loki piped up and said, yeah, you should cook the blank.
All right.
Ding.
Loki said ding.
DarkSakura, ding.
Alan, ding.
All right.
Ding.
All right.
And Mako's in as well.
Raven, you got an answer?
I do.
All right.
Here we go.
Loki piped up and said, yeah, you should cook the... Ferret.
Cook the ferret.
and Mako Chan in chat said, you should cook the ferret.
Oh, boy.
All right.
Well, let's see what happens.
It's going to be a tie either way, but let's see how many points this may or may not earn them.
Loki, yeah.
What did you say?
Yeah, she should cook the... Bacon El Diablo.
Bacon El Diablo.
Great answer, but not a match.
All right.
DarkSakura.
I did go for obvious and say The Ferret.
The Ferret.
Oh, my God.
It's a score on the match game leaderboard.
One to one.
Ding, ding, ding, ding.
This is more points than people usually get during this.
All right.
Excellent.
Alan.
She should cook the... I think this still counts, but my answer was the bungee ferret.
The bungee ferret.
Let's go to the judges.
All right, the judges will allow it.
Two to two for the ferret.
All right, and lastly, my answer.
She should cook the... Cylon-occupied Caprica cake.
The Cylon-occupied Caprica cake.
Old, old joke.
All right, there it is.
2-2 though!
That could be the highest score ever in the history of video game action.
I think our highest score was 3, to be honest.
Was it?
I think it was 3.
There is still two questions to go.
Here we go.
There are two questions.
There are two questions.
Watch your grammar, drunkie.
Shut up.
All right, here we go.
Oh, it's a question about Jamie.
Here we go.
You ready, Raven's Dolphin?
You ready for it?
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
Jamie decided to mark the occasion of the 500th episode to give up coffee forever.
Lies!
This is make-believe.
I know.
Jamie decided to mark the occasion of the 500th episode to give up coffee forever.
She came to episode 501 and in a coffee-deprived rage, instantly screamed into the mic, first one to mention blank dies.
she came to episode 501 and in a coffee deprived rage instantly screamed into the mic first one to mention blank dies I didn't think of an answer for this one and you wrote it I know right first one to mention ding
All right, here we go.
Raven, you got an answer?
I do.
All right, here we go.
She gave up coffee on episode 500.
She came to episode 501 and in a coffee-depraved rage, instantly screamed into the mic.
First one to mention?
Double Shot Mochaccino.
Double Shot Mochaccino dies.
That sounds amazing.
I want one.
Mako Chan in our chat room says, first one to mention, Mail Shep dies!
DarkSakura, BroShep
Bro Shep, really?
Oh my god, alright, I think we're going to count it.
I honestly couldn't think of anything else.
MakoCham pulls ahead 3-2.
Alright, Alan, first one to mention?
Mocha Pinkberry.
Mocha Pinkberry.
That was... Why does this not exist?
That was really close to what Raven said, but I don't think it's close enough, unfortunately.
Why does this not exist?
I don't know.
You should write Pinkberry.
All right.
And my answer was, first one to mention...
First one to mention Final Fantasy XI dies.
All right.
Not a match.
But one more question.
One more question.
So close.
So close.
Ravenstolphin, you can do it.
I have faith in you.
I have faith in you.
All right.
But what about the chatter?
All right.
Here we go.
Question number four.
The last one.
Ravenstolphin, your only hope.
Loki was very happy with the poster that Codeman drew to celebrate episode 500 of the show upon careful examination of the poster though he exclaimed Rob I'm surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan and not as a fan of blank Rob I'm surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan and not as a fan of blank
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ooh, that was really quick on all the hosts.
I'm still waiting on Mako-chan to ping in there in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com where some people are going to feed the answers right now.
Loki, very happy with the poster the codeman drew, but on careful examination of the poster, exclaimed, Rob, I'm surprised he didn't just draw you as a fan of blank.
All right, Mako-chan's got an answer.
Raven's Dolphin you about good to go?
Yeah, I got one.
Alright, then here we go.
Rob, I'm surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan and not as a fan of...
DDDR 4th Mix.
DDDR 4th Mix!
Good answer.
I was a fan of DDDR 4th.
4th Plus, to be specific, but we'd let that slide.
Mako Chan in our chatroom says, I'm surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan and not as a fan of Rocky Horror.
Okay, good answer.
Alright, let's go around and see if there's a match.
Loki!
Surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan and not as a fan of?
Nino Cooney's ending.
Nino Cooney's ending!
Wait a minute.
Alright.
Not a match, I'm sorry to say.
DarkSakura, I'm surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan and not as a fan of?
Parapara Paradise Complete in Kogal outfit.
What?
You'd be such a cute getter.
You almost named the right Bomani game to match with Raven's Dolphin, but unfortunately, nope, not going to do it.
And I'll tell you what came with this, is watching you play the damn ABBA game.
All right.
I'm surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan, Alan, and not as a fan of Miss Nude World 96.
Miss Nude World 96.
Damn it, I should have said that.
Oh, classic.
Classic answer.
Rob, I'm surprised he drew you as a World of Warcraft fan and not as a fan of... Hey, I can be self-deprecating here.
My answer was, not as a fan of... Surprise butt sex!
Good night, ladies and gentlemen!
I know.
But thank you for playing.
You lose.
Good day, sir.
Good night.
We still love you.
Alright.
Thank you for playing Raven's Dolphin.
Enjoy your nothing.
Rob, you need to drink more often.
That's it.
You have a requisite two double shots.
I am actually under straight orders from my doctor not to drink, and I'm being a very naughty boy tonight, but what can you do?
Should we get out the paddle?
No, I did a second shot.
And they're double shots, but hey, who cares?
You only live once, right, Rob?
That's right.
All right, thank you for playing along with Match Game tonight, everybody.
We hope you had fun.
All right.
Oh, Mako-chan, what do we give Mako-chan for winning tonight?
My love.
Mako-chan, if you have something you want to plug, I have a feeling I know what it might be, but send me a private message and you can get a free plug for your Twitter, for your podcast, whatever you want.
But not a butt plug.
No, definitely not that.
All right, let's see.
Moving on, it's time for the mailbag.
Ah, crap.
DarkSakura is always excited to get into the mailbag and read some emails that you guys send to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
So, DarkSakura, if you wouldn't mind jumping into the email bag there.
We did get a lot of spam that arrived after the real email.
Oh, hooray.
I deleted it.
Well, I didn't delete it, but we need to delete a lot of old email.
Okay.
Are we ready?
Shall I do this?
Yep, yep.
Hey, OLR.
Just thought I'd write in and respond to that email about the graphic violence in Bioshock Infinite.
Ooh.
Not spoiling any major plot points here, but Booker's history is full of violence.
It's actually a major part of his character that he has done many terrible things in the past and has a very violent history.
Whenever you perform one of those brutal finishing moves with your skyhook, Elizabeth will always audibly shudder at the act.
As you get deeper in the game, Elizabeth questions the need for so much violence from both sides of the conflict and wonders if it's really helping anybody.
In that way, I think it's the approach to graphic violence is done in a way that serves the story and the characters.
now there is some gratuitous stuff in there but I'm a little tired of the comparisons to Call of Duty or that these were changes that made to these changes were made to appeal to that audience I played a couple of Call of Duty games and the violence though not the plot always seemed to ride closer to the side of realistic and not hyper real as it is in the Bioshock games including Infinite where you can electrocute someone to stun them then blast their entire head off dude I need to play that
You can do that in Bioshock Infinite, too.
That's what he's talking about, Bioshock Infinite?
Yes, it's awesome.
Okay.
In the Call of Duty games I played, I don't remember any heads popping off like corks, but I did only play single player mode, so who knows?
My point is Bioshock games have always been violent and they've always been first person shooters so I don't think the game had to compromise anything for sales or to appeal to a certain crowd and in fact would only have been compromising if it toned itself down.
That was all that was on my mind.
Congrats on an amazing 500 episodes even if you guys don't think it's such a big deal anymore.
It actually really is.
I'm just glad I've been listening for the last 200 or so.
That's from Flaco Jones.
We don't care if you've been listening since episode one or if this is your very first episode.
We say welcome aboard and thanks for being a part of the family.
Yeah, you're totally awesome.
Moving on.
Mm-hmm.
Hi, guys.
First and foremost, congratulations on your 500th episode.
I think it's amazing that you've been going for over 10 years.
You have an unshakable love of video games and a cast iron army of dedicated fans, too.
Dude, you guys are made of cast iron?
I didn't know that.
Okay.
So here's something.
I can fry in you.
Will you fry us an egg?
I bet you get really hot on warm days.
So here's something that may interest you.
Do you remember me talking about Project Possum a while ago?
When the Inside Xbox UK team were given the sack, they went off on Kickstarter to start their own show about video games.
Well, they finished the pilot and it's not what you'd call your average video game show.
It's called Thank You For Playing and you can find it at thankyouforplaying.com.
There are dashes in between each word.
It's structured much like a game, letting you view the features in order that you want and has unlockables in the form of extra goodies and editorials, expanding on the themes touched in the videos.
The plot's all about multiplayer and I really recommend you take a look.
I thought it was really interesting and hope to see a lot more from them soon.
Just like I hope to keep hearing from you guys for many years to come, take care and once again, congratulations, Picaruno.
Thank you for your support.
And remember, if you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter.
I'm sorry, that's my favorite line from Grease.
Okay.
This is an OLR PSA from Catastrophic Magi.
Oh, it's my friend Magi who I chat with every day on Steam.
Come on, guys.
I think after 500 episodes, we can give the whole Loki in a tingle costume thing a rest.
He might like that.
Instead, for the next 500, we need to get Loki in a kitty costume.
And you have to say Meowth, that's right!
No, no, it has to be a kitty in costume.
I don't think he'd do that.
That's worse than Dingle.
He sent an image to you, but it didn't embed.
P.S.
I would have left an audio message, but Rob is a meanie.
Even if I stayed up late enough, I wouldn't be able to Skype after the disaster that was last time.
So I guess you don't get any congratulations from Moggy.
Send an MP3.
Send an MP3.
Dude, you talk to me on Steam.
Just attach me a file or something.
Hello is the one and only often imitated never duplicated DDR dollar bill I just wanted to write and congratulate you guys on your 500th episode
Well, thank you.
Not everyone can podcast.
True, we all wish to be heard, but it takes something special to keep going for a long time and not just make it into a small hobby that you grow out of.
It's a labor of love, one that the OL Army slash family have grown to be a part of, whether they hang around, come back once in a while when they can, or just move on.
If I could, I'd just like to take a moment to say why I do recommend your show to other listeners.
One, the host.
Why, thank you.
Every show you have three amazing, entertaining, intelligent, yet human hosts who talk about gaming that can appeal to the hardcore fans as well as the casuals.
Just to let you know, I'm really from another planet.
Once a month.
they are people who actually do game as part of their lives not game because it's their job to they talk about gaming like fans who talk about sports or comics or sci-fi with that casual yet knowledgeable flair and when they speak about gaming news they do it on a dual level of professionalism that gives a great analysis and yet keeps it simple and fun
Can I say something really quick about the sponsor thing?
Because we have a lot of friend podcasters that do do the sponsor thing.
And we've even, you know, we have had donations before in the past and so forth.
And I just want to say, like, there's nothing wrong with podcasters who want to get sponsors because contrary to popular belief, this shit ain't free for us to do.
It is costing us money to do.
But that's, you know, it's okay.
We pay the money because it's our hobby.
It's like, you know...
It's like the tax you pay to your club, your dues or whatever.
For us, that's fine.
And I have no problem with people that want to get sponsors to offset the cost of hosting, offset the cost of producing the show and so forth.
But I do start to get into a problem when – and I can think of particular –
individual podcast things that have gone up saying we need $30,000 to do this podcast this one podcast because we're going to rent a studio and we have to travel to conventions and this and this and this and I'm sorry but if they can get it and the listeners support them enough that's great I guess but I'm just kind of like you ain't fooling anybody I can tell you how much it costs to do a podcast and it's not as much as you're telling people it is
I mean, we've had generous donations in the past.
I mean, like what Kristen did.
I mean, we would not have new equipment if not for her.
But I just want to be clear because I have several peer podcasters that do raise money through sponsors and so forth.
We've got the ads on the site.
We have been super effing lucky that our website has been donated very generously for many years or else we would probably have to turn to that too because that could get very expensive.
I just want to clear the air and make sure that's understood.
so and I've sat up for I mean just on my own hours working on graphics and stuff for not just for Orange Niles but for VOG in general you know we've all put a lot of time and effort into this
And we're not doing ads for the man grate.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I have, you know, my overwhelming love for Greg Proops.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I do laugh every time he does the ad for The Man Great.
Anyhow, I apologize to interrupt the email.
2.
The show.
This show, while keeping the basic format, always finds a way to grow and yet never loses its focus.
Yes, they go off on tangents such as Pinkberry, trips to Disneyland, and other aspects of their daily lives, but I find that to be the greatest asset because you, the listener, participate in the show in any fashion.
It's so laid back and friendly that you do not feel they are corporate shills.
if you are right or wrong you can discuss this openly and even when it gets heated it's still more personal than some shows where the sense of keeping it professional loses that intimacy that's required for some difficult and passionate topics also each segment does include something for the listener whether it's mailbag to submit your letters and I actually do enjoy reading the email just throw on a hissy fit just for fun skyplanes to call in even when
even if just wish to get on and say what's up the classic game of the week my favorite part why thank you we used to do the website of the week there's website of the week and the advice DarkSakura's advice column yeah I could still give advice like I don't know pay your hose or you might get cut there's DarkSakura's advice
Was it never bet with a Sicilian when death is on the line?
Finish the email.
Okay.
Google question of the week.
It's always welcoming listener input, which leads into... The audience.
That was number three.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm sorry if this went on a bit more, but it was just something to note.
Here's to another 500 episodes.
I wonder how the future of gaming would look in another 11 years.
Tune in and find out.
Wink.
Oh, that was sweet.
That was a very nice email.
I'm going to do a quick sweep.
That was it.
I agree.
The audience is the best part.
We love you guys.
For dinner.
Speaking of which.
No, seriously.
And BlackWolfInChat actually follows up with that.
I don't think we have anybody banned.
I've smacked a few people around with a giant trout.
Anyhow, speaking of audience, Mako-chan has her plug ready to go that she won for Match Game.
Do I even have to mention this?
I somehow knew it would be this.
Anime Jam Session on Tuesdays here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
9.30 p.m.
Eastern is when the pre-show starts.
At 9.15, excuse me, is the pre-show at 9.15.
9.30 is the show.
Mako-chan gets to choose the pre-show music this week.
Oh, shit.
And happy 500th.
Yes, listen to Anime Jam Session.
It's a good time.
Totally a good time.
Go back and watch some classic anime, dude.
Get to the roots of it.
Go watch some Yamato or some Gatchaman.
Go 80s style and watch Bubblegum Crisis Let's do the FUs of the Week And Minecraft Server FUs of the Week time Yeah, we did ban a song on the show
DarkSakura, and we banned a website.
We banned solitary.
DarkSakura, your FU, please.
My FU goes to the hobag who was driving behind me in the Mercedes trying to do her makeup while tailgating me.
It would have been incredibly hilarious if I had brake-checked you and you completely ruined the back end of my car so that I get a new car and you have to pay for it.
Just saying.
Don't do your makeup while you drive and get off your damn phone and pull up your pants.
Loki, any FUs?
I guess an FU to the driver that I encountered last week when I was leaving the show about to enter onto the freeway when I had a guy pass me on the right in the actually off the road pass me on the right and then cut across into the next lane to not go on the freeway I don't even know why he was doing that it's just stupid, he could have just gone to the left and changed lanes but no, he had to pass me at the same time too for no reason
And then, what else?
Oh, and to my co-workers for not wanting to play games during lunch because they will flake on me unless we get all four people to play, including myself.
And a lot of times we can't do that because my boss will be gone or something.
They don't want to play games with just me because I kick their ass.
But you're so humble about it.
So FU to being good?
Yeah, I'm just too good for them, unfortunately.
Um, my F.U.
of the week goes to car repairs and the bills that go with them.
Oh my god, robbery!
So much money.
And everything breaks at once.
Not okay.
We all gave F.U.
to traffic related things.
How appropriate for our 500th episode.
We always freaking complain about drivers.
The hell.
Becky, you wanna throw out an F.U.
to cars too while you're at it?
You can throw out an F.U.
to Power Rangers.
Okay.
Shane might take issue to this F.U.
to Power Rangers Megaforce which my son wants to watch constantly and my brains are dribbling out my ears it is horrifying the acting makes me want to strangle my own brain by the way Megaforce is getting a brand new 3DS game coming this year
Aw, Shane will be offended by that, and that makes me happy.
I do still want to watch the Japanese version because I do like the Sentai series.
Shane in chat is like, why F you to Power Rangers?
Because she's a mom.
And little boys watch Power Rangers, Shane.
Not 30 year olds.
But Shane said that Megaforce is pretty bad.
Oh god, I wish I was still a 30 year old.
So if the Power Rangers fan of chat is saying it's bad, then you are fully justified.
All right.
All kidding aside, we got a couple more stories for you guys quickly, and then we're going to go to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or use your name on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
There might be a few of you that want to call in tonight, so we'll get to that shortly.
But first, a couple quick stories.
Loki?
All right.
So Nintendo totally figuring out ways to revitalize the Wii U. Not sure if this is going to be one of those ways, but they have a new patent.
A patent that allows them to use the Wii Remote to remotely control mobile devices.
Like a robot.
That's what they have in the picture.
They have a robot with a Wii Remote in it.
Rob 2.0?
Or as the joke I made on Facebook, Rob you?
And it will!
What the hell would a Rob 2.0 do?
The first Rob was a really niche, stupid thing.
It just played Gyromite, right?
There was one other.
Stack'em?
Stack'em.
Yeah.
It would run up to people that are playing the Wii games, not standing up, because you're supposed to be active, and punch you in the balls.
That's what it would do.
Get off your couch.
Boom!
Boom!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Swapnote has a new version that's available now.
You can go get that right there in the little e-shop.
Get the free update, and there's a note that you should have got reminding you of that.
I've added some new OLR listeners recently, and I gotta say, it's like a Swapnote resurgence.
My little blue light is on almost every day.
It's great.
Some of the new features, you can now use a different color on each page of a message, so you don't just have to use black anymore.
you can do photos and audio while you write you don't have to import them from the SD card you can filter notes by who sent them if you want to find a note from somebody you can delete multiple notes at once you can see how many replies a note has received and you can slide the circle pad left to slow down writing and drawing animations from notes or use circle pad right to speed it up so it's like a speed up slow down
So very cool.
So basically trying to modernize Swapnote a little bit with some functionality that you kind of go, wow, that wasn't there before?
Nope.
But it's there now.
All right.
That brings us to the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to give us a call on this, our 500th episode to talk about whatever, we will take a few calls until we decide it's time to end the show or the calls stop coming in.
Before we run out of brownies.
This is Code Man
We are loving these posters you made, just so you know.
Well, no problem, man.
I hope I captured Orange Lounge Radio as much as I could.
Yeah.
I have to ask, is the little kitten on the bottom, is that Midna?
It could be Midna, or it could be Shermie.
I wanted to kind of...
I was gonna say, because it looks kind of like Midna.
Do you have a JPEG that you can forward me of this?
Well, I think DarkSakura, do we talk about the album art thing?
Yeah.
Is that going to happen?
Yes.
Awesome!
Good, the listeners can know what we're talking about because it's going to be the new album art to the show and it's fantastic.
And I thank you for, I got your message from Dropbox.
Thank you.
I will be printing out a copy for my wall.
Yes, and you can actually, if Loki wants a JPEG, you can probably just switch that over to a JPEG and then just send it to him.
Is it like just the full 300 DPI PSD?
Yeah, it's a PDF.
It's 18 by 24.
You can open it up in Illustrator because I did it all in Illustrator.
And you should be able to just export it as a JPEG.
All right, you nerds.
I want to talk about video games.
I'm actually going to resize it for the frame I have.
All right.
Well, Codeman, what did you actually call in to talk about tonight?
I wanted to just call in and congratulate you guys on 500 shows, basically.
I started listening kind of at the end of my high school, my senior year of high school, all the way through college up until now.
Christ, how old are you now?
I am 27, I'll be 28 in September.
Oh my god!
You realize I'm going to be 37 on next Friday, right?
I'm just, you know, and like I said in the chat room earlier, I said if this show ever dies, a piece of my heart will die.
Because...
This show has been like, I think a lot of the listeners has gotten me through a lot of hard times in past issues in my life and stuff like that.
And just sitting down and when I'm at work and I'm listening to you guys, it brings a positivity to my day that I didn't have before.
So that's one of the reasons why I called.
I just wanted to tell you guys that you have done so many good things to a lot of people
that are out there listening to you every Sunday or on the podcast feed throughout the week and I know that every time somebody listens to you guys there is a positive, jokingly feeling of like they're in the same room as you guys and we're just all friends and that's amazing.
Don't make me cry, Code Man.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Well, I have to tell you, too, that just in the fact that we've been talking, what, over the last month's worth of shows, it's really nice to have a colleague who listens to, you know.
It's just been really cool chatting with you and, you know, sort of exchanging, you know, not just the video game stuff, but having the design thing in common, too.
well and and Codeman let me say this and I'm sure it it goes for DarkSakura and Loki as well because I know we've had we've all had these very difficult shows this show has helped us get through a lot of hard times as well like you know I'll talk about myself since I have the mic right now but you know a few years ago I had a near-death experience and that was very um you know very humbling in a way and and uh there's a lot of jokes about I don't want to turn 30
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
so yes but no that's that's basically what I called in I mean as far as video games go I mean I've ever I'm still struggling through Tomb Raider I I don't know Rob you've been playing it too I think and I don't know I just I haven't gotten to pick it up again when are we playing the very average multiplayer that I I shouldn't raz it because I haven't tried it yet but when are we gonna give it a try
I don't know.
All kinds of video games out right now that are just eating me up.
Like I mentioned before, I have a daughter, so most of the time I don't even get to play video games.
But when I do, I try to sit down for long periods of time and play video games.
But yes...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Code Man, we talked about the crying thing.
Don't do it.
Hey, you better cry.
It's the $500.
Maybe when Rob drinks more, he'll cry.
I'm going to make you cry.
Oh, Rob, is he an emotional drunk?
Because I am.
No, I'm just loud.
And horny, apparently, if these other stories are to be believed.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
It was hilarious.
That was, by the way, Shane reminded me, that's where dunk came from.
Oh no, all right, look.
Codeman, thank you so much, and I'm so glad everybody gets to see your talent now in our album art, and the fact that that is listener-created.
I mean, Jamie did great work beforehand for a previous era of the show, but this show really is about the listeners, and so that the listeners could contribute to that, and the way you capture that by having everybody's name in there...
or I should say not everybody, but a good chunk of the people.
That was a great touch.
That was a great touch.
I loved it.
So that was my favorite part.
It's wherever every gamer has a voice.
Absolutely.
It's not only about the hosts that are on the show, but it's about the people that could participate in the chat room and give a voice to the actual podcast itself.
So I want to thank you guys for doing so much for everybody and just...
Thank you.
That's all I can say.
Thank you.
Are you guys still doing the Down for Maintenance show?
We are.
Yeah, we have taken a couple of weekends off due to just really busy, busy lives.
I've been doing a lot of graphics for people on YouTube, and I've just been really, really, really busy.
But other than that, yeah, we're still on Stitcher now, which is awesome.
Nice.
And iTunes is kind of fuzzy because we –
We're not running the kind of server that iTunes accepts.
Oh, God, I hate... This is why iTunes is going to... Anyway, rabble, rabble.
But look them up at least on Stitcher, right?
We do have a website, though, now.
Please.
www.thedfmpodcast.com
Check it out.
It's a great show.
Probably the most ultimate compliment we get on this show.
And I'm not saying this is necessarily true of your show, but I get this so much is that you guys helped inspire me.
You guys showed me that anybody can really do this and that I can do this too.
And that is the greatest compliment when we see these other shows arise of our listenerships.
It's awesome.
It's one of the reasons why we did it.
Thank you so much.
All right, buddy.
I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls.
All right, man.
Well, you guys enjoy 500th show and I'm going to go to bed because I'm sleepy.
All right.
Good night.
Good night.
Bye bye.
All right.
I'll talk to you guys later.
Bye.
Code man.
Great call.
Thank you.
Even if you're going to make me cry.
I was feeling a little sniffly.
The phone is ringing off the hooks.
Let's get to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hola.
Bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Are you muted?
I see you.
Hello, one more time.
Come in, Tokyo.
We don't hear you.
All right.
Echo 123 to test your connection, folks.
I think he's off at the esthetician.
Tsk, tsk.
I won't bring up that joke.
Well, let's try another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Brad from PodCulture.
Oh, and we see him.
We see him.
It's Brad from PodCulture.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Just going to say congratulations on 500, guys.
Thank you so much.
You're not that far behind.
PodCulture's been going quite a while itself, hasn't it?
In our eighth year, I guess.
That's something.
That's something.
That's amazing.
You and I have the same color microphone, I just realized.
Gee, I wonder why.
I know.
You've done a lot to help this show out over the years, PodCulture, from getting us drunk to getting us heard.
And thank you for all of the discs full of Doctor Who you've sent me in the past.
Oh, no problem, no problem.
I'm glad to do it.
But hey, without you guys, I don't think we would have lasted as long as we have.
And thanks for inviting us into the VOG community.
Oh, duh.
Happy to have you.
We knew when we were starting, when we knew we wanted to do something that was not just games, but a celebration of everything geek, and some of our favorite shows came to mind, and absolutely, you were near the top of that list.
You were seriously up there.
Yeah.
Well, thank you.
But congratulations, and I'm going to let you guys go, and...
Get some more calls in, and this one's for you guys.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, a shot on air.
Yeah.
Woo-hoo.
That's one of the best video calls we've ever got.
See, you took it far better than Rob did, because Rob turned red in the face, and it was awesome.
Well, I've had more practice.
It's become a regular thing on the show.
All right.
PodCultures, Monday nights here at the Voice Geeks Network, continuing a celebration of the various doctors on TARDIS Interruptus tomorrow.
Fourth doctor, right?
Yes, sir.
All right.
Fourth doctor was my doctor.
There you go.
He was pretty well known.
All right.
Good night, guys.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Always a pleasure to hear from Brad from another great podcast.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's me, Mario.
Hi, Mario.
Hey.
What's on your mind?
Is this really Extifer?
What?
Yeah, it's me.
What's on your mind, Extover?
What is on my mind?
I don't know.
I was just calling.
You just wanted to see what's up?
Yeah, I wanted to see what's up in his house.
Well, we're doing this autism multiple sclerosis walk one week from today, and everybody should donate at HordeHouse.com through the link, right?
Yeah, totally.
There you go.
Thumbs up for multiple sclerosis walks.
We broke $1,000 today.
That's awesome.
We did break it.
We broke it.
We took it out.
We did take it out, and I'm very happy about that.
What video games have you been playing lately, Extover?
You know, Jetpack Joyride, and I don't know nothing else.
I'm boring.
You should know this already.
Well, what did you call to say tonight?
Did you want to wish us well on our 500th episode?
No, but I just thought I'd call and say hi.
Okay.
Oh, well, okay.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Got any plans tomorrow?
Want to hang?
You know what?
You still need to come over and finish watching Firefly with me after five years of us not watching Firefly.
Who's getting called out?
Yeah, you know what?
I'll check my calendar.
stuff for that and get back to you.
Well, let's see.
My week is not working, not working, not working, not working, not working birthday.
You can come.
Oh, let me check my calendar.
I'm not working, not working, not working, not working.
And then birthday.
I guess we have the same calendar.
Awesome.
Amazing.
Extover, do you want to plug Horde House?
I will plug Horde House up the asshole for you.
Is it bleached?
Yes, it's a nicely bleached, freshly bleached asshole that Hornhouse has.
Let me ask you this, Extifer, since we have a lot of old school listeners that are revisiting us tonight and so forth.
For a while, you and I were roommates and OLR Studios was at your house.
So what would the listeners be most surprised to know about Orange Lounge Radio behind the scenes?
What do you think the OLR listeners would be most surprised to know behind the scenes?
Well, our studio in our apartment was freaking filthy.
And Rob falls asleep in random places.
It's totally true.
It's not just when he's drunk.
That is totally hilarious, too.
I would come home and he'd be asleep on the floor and be like, Oh, I'm glad I didn't trip over you.
I didn't see you down there.
I remember coming over to that apartment and being absolutely thrilled that you were totally into Devil's Crush.
Oh, yeah.
I love Devil's Crush.
Although the... Actually, it was... Alien's Crush.
Yeah, Alien's Crush, or whatever.
My favorite extra for memory was when you stood out in the line to get me the Wii.
I know, right?
And how many times did you play that thing?
You did it.
Every day is what I want to say.
I was a huge Wii fan.
Yeah, you were a total Wii fan.
You were like, it was like five years after it launched and you were like, Wii!
Like every single chance you would get, you would say that.
It was kind of weird and depressing.
It was a little awkward.
All right, well, Extover, before we let you go, is there any other final thoughts for listeners tonight?
Um, well, I gotta go wash my hands because I did some dirty work before you guys gave me a call.
In fact, when you called me earlier, I didn't say anything because I had just came and you didn't want to hear what my voice sounds like right after that.
I think you just better go wash your hands.
Were you touching yourself to the show?
That's a little awkward.
If you're like jerking it to my voice.
No, I took a shit on my chair and I was cleaning.
What did you think I was doing?
Never change, please.
Never change.
Extifer, I'm letting you go now.
Aw, thank you.
Alright, bye.
Are we holding him for any reason?
What the fuck?
Like, seriously.
I totally miss Extifer and the utter randomness.
Oh, lordy.
Hi, Rob.
Yes!
Oh, my God.
School bus reference in the chat room.
Hi, here on Orange Sounds Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, my God.
It's Swag Kick.
Hey, girl.
Hey.
And guy.
Hey, girl.
What's up?
Sorry, Rob.
Sorry, Rob.
You're not the guy.
You're one of the girls.
Whatever.
What's up, Swag Kick?
Hey, I just wanted to congratulate you like everyone else.
Like, I know it's totally not original.
And, like, how do I follow up, um...
You know, that call that Exifer just made, you know, I can't really, I am not touching myself, but I just wanted to congratulate all of you on your great achievement.
And yeah, that's amazing.
500, like, I can't believe that.
Well, thank you, baby.
I feel so nervous.
Like, I'm on the radio.
It's kind of famous.
It's just me.
You know me.
You've met me.
I'm not that scary.
We're not that scary, right?
You're a little scary.
Well, shoot, slide, kick.
Do you want to talk any games with us?
What games have you been playing lately?
I'm actually playing Fire Emblem Awakening.
Yeah?
How's that?
And I kind of suck at it, but it's cool.
I like it a lot.
I've never really played a lot of tactical strategy RPGs, so it's cool.
I like it.
There's a lot of people that are really into Fire Emblem on the 3DS, so I can't really blame you for being a fan of that.
for sure so Slykick you've done a couple podcasts of your own too I know you used to do a podcast with Alan not everybody knows about this but you used to do the amazing Warcraft podcast Fabulous Flames right Alan?
yes we did and I have to say Alan has been amazing tonight yes he has I was a big fan of the Miss Nude World 96 shout out I'm always a fan for Miss Nude World 96 what are you doing these days in podcasting?
do you have anything you want to plug?
Yeah, and since Exifer took the butt plug joke, I'll just go ahead and shout out to my podcast, which is GameBooey.
We're over at GameBooey.org, and we bring you gaming news and views that may be on your radar, but most definitely should be.
And we are definitely inspired and pretty much owe everything about who we are to Orange Sounds Radio, so thank you for being an inspiration and making it, you know, making...
a community out there for people to have a voice in gaming because it's super important for not just all the blogs and journalists
to be the only ones talking about games.
Well, thank you.
It means a lot.
And your show is very good.
I've heard it.
And even though in those first few episodes I wanted to kill you over your sound quality, you guys have improved so much.
You know what?
You sound great now.
It was actually better than it was in the previous one.
I do miss Fabulous Flames, just saying.
you sound great now and your content is very good and well researched and you and Spike are great and what I love most about your show is that you always pay it forward at the end and you do give shout outs and keep it indie and I think that's great and you know if we helped inspire that attitude then that's a huge compliment
We're your biggest fans.
We love you so much.
I have been begging to come on your show for like six months.
And look at this.
I totally miss, though, planning webcomics with you.
I still have the WoW viewer.
We can still do it.
All right.
Well, Slidekick, I'm going to let you go since I can get more calls.
But anything else real quick before I let you go?
No, except I need to get up there and have an OLR party sometime.
You're welcome anytime.
Get up here on Sunday night.
You have to come up on Friday.
Bring Captain Spike with you.
I will try.
I will try.
All right.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good one.
All right.
You too.
Bye.
Have a happy 500.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's the undertaker of the internet, Raven Stolfen.
Wait a minute, weren't you just here?
I was, but give me two minutes, Rob.
I hope your pallbearer didn't die.
Time starts now.
Alright, so I want to congratulate Orange Lines Radio for 500 shows and inspiring me to do my show.
I'm not going to plug it, but I'm just going to say, Rob, your cast and your people have
Very diverse, and you kept me entertained for years.
I am now 26, and I've been listening since I was in high school as well.
Oh my god!
Oh my god, we're so old!
I can feel myself aging.
I've got cancer now.
No, it's amazing.
It really is amazing.
I also really like your voice.
Thanks.
Your voice is very much mature.
I remember when you used to call this show all the time when you were in high school and the years right after that and so forth.
Your voice really has matured.
I can hear it through undoubtedly your own podcast and so forth.
It's pleasant.
It came a long way.
Everything came a long way.
And I have to say, if Orange Silence Radio was a lighthouse in the beacon of the dark, you are awesome.
Well, I appreciate it so much, Raven Stolfen, and thank you so much for sticking with us for all the years.
It's a pleasure as always to hear from you.
I listen to every archive.
I never leave.
It's just sometimes I do my things on Sunday.
It makes it hard.
I had to cancel my own show for you guys because I had to be here for your special day.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
That's – oh, my gosh.
Wow.
What would you have talked about on your show tonight?
Maybe we can work a little bit of it in here, a little crossover episode.
Sure.
Well, I was going to talk about, and you guys didn't do it, it was the whole thing about Twitch TV, about that handicapped guy that wasn't handicapped.
Yeah, I heard about this.
So what, let me see if I can summarize.
Let's see, so he was getting donations because he was sick, and I guess it was donations for a surgery, right?
And, well, the cameras weren't stopping on Twitch TV, he didn't turn them off, and they caught him getting up out of his wheelchair.
What?
No funny business, people
Yeah, so we were going to talk about that.
I mean, I had problems in the past.
I mean, I'm on Social Security right now.
I had major problems, went to special schools.
So for me, for someone that faces an illness like that, you just slap me in the face.
And I'm not trying to get donations for what I'm doing, but...
I think that's worse.
The wheelchair thing is bad.
That's evil.
But jerking it on Twitch, that's funny.
Any live streaming site, you're going to see dick or boobs anyway.
Yeah, I was going to say, or the one dude that had sex with his girlfriend or something like that in the background, or he just forgot it was on.
Yeah, he forgot it was on.
That's why I'm very careful about when I have that.
I would not live stream 24-7 just because.
Extra for shame.
I know something bad would happen.
All right, RavensDolphin, I'm going to let you go to get more calls, but thank you so much for the kind words.
Thank you for taking my call.
Bye.
No problem.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Why not?
We can do a couple more calls, right?
We're only at 930.
We are being horribly rude to our East Coast people.
We are.
How about one more call?
One more call.
One more call.
Let's see who gets in.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
I'm totally jealous.
Wait a minute.
I'm totally jealous of all of them who have jobs.
No.
Keep them up all night.
All night.
You all right?
I was doing my Ronda Shearer impersonation.
Hello?
I see.
I see.
Except I'm not wearing, you know, extra padding in the boob region.
All right.
Let me go to one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
It's Tiger Claw.
Hey, Tiger Claw.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, not much.
I just want to congratulate you guys on your 500th episode.
I guess you guys can go on record maybe as being the longest running podcast in history or something like that.
We're not the longest running podcast, but we are the longest running video game podcast.
I don't even know.
Well, you guys have been around way before podcasting was a thing, so...
I'd say live show that's what gives us a jump on the other people is that we had the live 365 years and so we kind of slid right into the podcasting thing but I would say I usually say we are the longest running internet show about video games weekly internet show about video games
Yeah.
But you know what?
The internet is a big place.
I've been putting together this special interest group on Facebook recently with some friends, and I found that there's all these other podcasters I didn't even know were out there.
I didn't even know these shows existed.
They're celebrating episode 100 and 60, and I'm like, what?
So you never know what's out there, which is why I'm very cautious to stake a claim like, we're the longest running show, bitches.
So I just want to be careful.
Yep, and just keep on doing what you're doing and hopefully people will listen and I don't know what else to say.
No matter how old you get, just keep on gaming because you'll still feel the same way.
Alright, well, Tigerclaw, I appreciate your support over the years.
It means an awful lot.
No problem, you're welcome.
So better let some other people call in.
Alright, we'll see if maybe we'll let one more sneak in since you were short.
But have a good one, Tigerclaw.
Alright, thanks.
Take care.
You too.
Bye-bye.
We can do one more.
Let's do one more.
One more, come on.
Sure.
One more, one more.
Especially this one.
Alright, hi.
Oh.
Oh my gosh!
It's a scary black man on the cam.
Oh my gosh.
No, I'm kidding, you guys.
It's DJ Ranma S. You are looking sharp in your VOG shirt.
You are looking very sharp today, young man.
How are you?
I'm doing fine.
How is everybody in the Sacramento studios?
I'm sobering up, sadly.
Oh, you should not be sobering up because I have a problem with that good sir.
Uh-oh, what's that?
Well... What are you drinking?
If you can see what I got here.
I love you and I need to be at your house right now.
He's got a bottle of Glenn Fittich.
This is one of two bottles of Glenn Fittich I have.
Okay, I'm at BRB going on a plane.
And also... Do you see this glass right here?
Yes, I do.
Oh, wait, hold it.
XFR once said something about a Luigi hat.
Give me one quick second.
Oh, Lord.
Wait, they can't... They can't... We're the only ones that can see you.
Okay, he's wearing that.
Yeah, he's wearing the VOG shirt.
Rob, do you know what print screen is?
Oh.
Oh, shit.
Yes, I do know print screen.
Wait, look.
You've got Photoshop, right?
I think I got it.
Wait.
I don't know.
I'll print screen.
We'll just get that window.
There we go.
All right.
I think I got them.
We'll see.
Woo-hoo.
Nice.
Do I even have PaintShop Pro on this computer or whatever?
God, PaintShop Pro.
Shut up.
Ugh, PaintShop Pro.
I might have MS Paint.
You know what?
You can paste it in paint.
Yes, I got it.
Woohoo.
All right, I'll save it as a paint thing and fix that up later.
All right, so anyhow.
Bitmap!
Woo!
Where was I?
I'm going to save it with the very clever untitled.bmp.
All right.
You're looking... Ranma already took the damn picture.
Ranma's sadly not on a Mac.
I'll continue to wear it to the end of the video broadcast, but as you can see, I am popping this bad boy open that has been in my freezer for the past two weeks.
Oh, nice.
And as I pour this, I want to thank each and every single one of you.
As everyone said before, if it wasn't for OLR, there wouldn't be no Anime Jam Session.
And also, I will not be one of those podcasters that will beg for money to do my show.
What me, Mako, and Ari, what we all do, we do it for love, and we pick up all our money and we do it together.
I'll do it for dollar bills to show my tatas, but that's it.
Someone did send me money one time.
For showing your tatas?
No.
I do that for free.
To Dan, to Dan.
She does that for drinks.
But no, remember when I had Pump Up the Volume?
I do.
And Loki put it in my intro to tune in and give me a dollar?
Oh yeah, somebody actually sent you a dollar.
Someone sent me a dollar.
I remember that.
It was good times.
Ranma, thank you so much for the toast.
And as I was saying before to some of the other callers, that is really the ultimate compliment to hear that, you know, we might have inspired even a portion of somebody else's show.
It's just like, it's outstanding.
You need to come back for Afoname.
We're just here having a good time.
And...
You cut out.
Go ahead, Ranma.
Well, I was going to say, OLR is not just a podcast.
We're like a freaking family.
A giant dysfunctional family.
We put the fun in dysfunction.
That's right.
I will go on record right now.
you guys really got me through the passing of my mother when I called that one night and asked for you guys to play Let's Screw that was one of my favorite songs you guys played it and I could not thank y'all enough for doing that I'm more than happy to do so especially if it'll help even just the slightest bit in somebody's really shitty day to put it lightly I'm happy to of course
Now to Sky, Loki, DarkSakura.
Here's to you, here's to me, the best of friends we'll ever be.
If we should ever happen to disagree, well, fuck you and here's to me.
Fuck you too, buddy.
I hope that puts you on the floor.
That is seriously my second favorite toast ever.
That's great.
And before I go, I did say I have a little treat for you.
I love your hand flailing, that's cute.
I thought that was the treat.
I just came back from a J-pop concert I got in for free, okay?
Amazing.
But I was at PAX East, I happened to run into a famous nerdcore rapper, and I asked him to do a favor, and hopefully this will play through.
And here we go.
This is MC Frontalot and you are participating with the Voice of Geeks Network.
Shut the front door!
Oh my god!
Oh my god, that's amazing!
Wow.
I love you forever.
I'm buying you drinks.
Alright, that's it.
New York, where we going?
Right now, bye.
BRB, heading to New York.
BRB, New York.
You have to pick up Mako as you go because if you go take me without her, she's going to kick everybody's ass.
BRB stopping in New Jersey.
Alright, Ranma, that was amazing.
That was awesome.
You've been an amazing support over the years and thank you so much, buddy.
You don't even know.
No, thank you, because you guys gave me this opportunity to do this, so me running around, finding these opportunities to give you guys bumpers, interviews, this and that, this is more than my way of saying thank you, you know, this is...
All I ever wanted was to get my show on, and Rob, you gave me that opportunity.
So believe it or not, I'm in your eternal thanks for all of this.
Well, it's the least I could do.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
We have to go wrap up.
It's not a marathon show.
Yes?
Stay black, my brother.
I will, absolutely.
Good night.
Hey, Ranchan?
Yasukachan.
Stay drunk.
Bye, my friend.
I don't have the absinthe.
All right.
I'm hitting hang up now because I've said bye like five times.
All right.
That was amazing.
You'll always be my Ranchan.
What a great show.
I'm getting a little of the clemt.
I have a last minute story I like these brownies, they're awesome
I just want to say just kind of like a blanket thank you to the kind words on Twitter.
There's been a lot of tweet activity tonight, and I just want to say a big thank you for all of that.
I don't have the time yet because we're running way over to read each and every single one of them, but I just want to say thank you.
Quickly, some of these tweets real quick.
Actdeft tweeting us about Shadowrun returns backers for the DRM free copy of the game may have gotten screwed by Microsoft and in a nutshell the game will be free but the original game will be DRM free but the DLC will not.
so they're holding up their end of the bargain what it is is you get two versions of the game you get DRM free version of the game you get a Steam version of the game Steam version will support the DLC beyond the Kickstarter or Kickstarter exclusive DLC and then the free to play game or the DRM free game will only support the Kickstarter DRM or the Kickstarter DLC but no additional DLC
Tiger Claw tweeting us that Ska Studios challenges the view that Microsoft is bad for indies.
So not everybody is saying that Microsoft is this evil indie thing.
Bobby Blackwolf tweeting us about this is a travesty and a story about Disneyland.
Apparently Space Mountain was closed while Disneyland reviews safety.
Space Mountain, the Matterhorn bobsleds and Soarin' Over California were out of service today.
What a shitty day to be at Disneyland.
Hey, we weren't there.
You poor guys that went to Disneyland today.
But they did reopen Matterhorn bobsleds already, which, you know, is kind of... I'm just still irritated they took out the basketball court.
They did?
Yeah, they took out the basketball court when they redid the tracks.
For those who don't know their Disney trivia, the Matterhorn had a half court up in the very top of the mountain for cast members to go during their break.
Actdeft tweeting us saying Forza Horizon getting a new free DLC pack called the 1000 Club I like free DLC, I'm on board with that Also, Actdeft tweeting us I think I went over his too, but that's okay A New Jersey Assemblywoman wants to ban violent video games in public places Yeah, was that the same one where they want to ban M-rated arcade games?
Yeah, they want to ban M-rated and AO-rated arcade games Problem being, the SRB does not rate arcade games
Way to do your research How about if you don't like them don't take your children there And I just want to give some quick shout outs I know I said I wasn't going to read each and every one of these but we actually had some other fellow podcasters that tweeted us and said congratulations and I think it's important to give these guys a shout out because community makes us great and us indie podcasters we really really have to stick together so I do want to give a shout out to Godfrey from Gamertag Radio who sent a tweet earlier today
So, and they've been going a very long time as well.
I know they were one of the first shows on iTunes as well.
So he's had many, many great accomplishments.
So props to you, Godfrey.
Game Buoy, who you heard slide kick earlier, also sent us a tweet.
Those guys are a lot of fun, even though I think they should go weekly.
But when they do put out a show, it is fabulous and very well researched.
We always love when they put out.
Who doesn't love it when they put out?
The Rich from the Video Game Show tweeted us and said congrats on 500.
Now, Video Game Show, I think, as far as I know, I could be wrong, but as far as I know, Video Game Show is the only other podcast in iTunes when it went live about gaming, the day it went live, that is still going.
They're about to hit episode 400.
and IndieRadio.
and of course to our pal Bobby Blackwolf who's always before us here.
We love Bobby so much.
And Brad from PodCulture.
Critical Myth who's hitting 300 episodes tomorrow.
Nice.
And Anime Jam Session and Horde House and Girls Gone Wow and British Invaders.
Have I named everybody now?
I think I have.
Under Station Live!
Oh my god!
Under Station Live!
Well, I don't think that we would be here without them.
Isn't that funny?
Yeah.
Is that everybody's calling in saying, OLR, you inspired me to do this.
OLR, you did this.
And I think this is a good note for us to end on tonight.
You know what?
I'm going to sit on this for a minute because I want to end on that note.
So let me go around and get everybody's final thought.
Becky, thank you so much for being here.
I know you didn't get a chance to say an awful lot, but we really appreciate the culinary delights and your support still means the world to us.
So thank you for being here.
It's okay.
I'm a very quiet person.
That's all right.
Any final thoughts for our listeners, though, while you're at it?
Any last words of wisdom?
Don't let your kids watch SpongeBob.
It's horrible.
DarkSakura, your final thought for our listeners tonight.
Oh, why the fuck not?
Reject false icons.
Ooh, taking it back a notch.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I have two things.
One, I have a picture of poop on my phone.
And two... Wow.
Let's do this Mark Forrest style, motherfuckers.
My final thought tonight, as promised, I want to say a lot of you gave props to us for helping inspire what you do.
But I really have to say, and I got into this on Facebook a little bit before, but I really just want to say that I studied radio in college.
And I actually originally was going to be a weatherman.
That was what I was in college to study originally.
I interned at a broadcast station at an actual news broadcast in the town I went to school in.
and although everybody was really nice and it was a really great eye-opening experience, the way my eyes were opened was that most people were very miserable in the jobs that they were doing and it really didn't want to be something I wanted to continue.
So I kind of got into radio as a result of that, but I felt a lot of that same stuff that in commercial radio, it's really not about who you know, but it's about who you blow.
And that wasn't really what I wanted, you know, contrary to what Jamie might tell you about when I drink, that wasn't really what I wanted to pursue.
Totally.
So I didn't finish school because I am very jaded with a lot of it.
And I was kind of like, what the hell am I wasting my time for?
I just need to go out into the working world.
And while I don't hate school and I think it's great that a lot of people do go to school and finish college and all that, for me at that time, it was what I needed to do and it was a great thing.
And I love where I ended up in my career, so I'm happy.
But I'm really thankful to my time I did spend at the college radio station, my very first radio show at KCSC.
Yeah.
and DarkSakura.com
and it was so much fun he asked me to come back and I came back over and over and over again and through him I learned how easy it was to do a show on live through CC5 and so I, like DJ Ranma was talking about with his show and what Codeman was talking about with his show and everybody else
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
This show would not be the same without him.
I do need to thank Travis too for having me on as a guest so much and filling in for Jessica.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So yeah, I guess this is in a way 500 episodes of paying it forward.
So really appreciate it.
I don't know what else to say.
I see lots of great stuff in the chat room right now.
YYR says, thank you guys for 500 great episodes and for devoting so much of your time and energy to contribute towards all of our lives, ours and yours.
Tim TRP says, Rob, you have a voice for radio, a face for TV news, and a body for hardcore pornography.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Oh, Tim.
Oh, Tim.
All right.
I'm going to cry in a second, by the way.
Are you?
What else can I say to make you cry?
Shut up.
If someone else brings up Shermie, maybe.
The chips are gone.
Alright, I think it's time we end the show.
Thank you guys so much for 500 great episodes.
Let's try to be less sappy next week, you guys.
I did pick something very, very, very classic for Cookie.
Oh, we'll get to that in a minute.
Alright, that's it.
We're done.
What do you say, guys?
We'll do it all again next week, alright?
Come on back next week for episode 501.
Until then, have a great week.
Don't be a dick.
And have fun.
It's only a game.
Goodnight.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
