Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Sky, and Wotu
Tonight, June 21, 2009, will you have to pay a premium price for DJ Hero and Band Hero?
Could the BSP be getting its own app store?
And is Activision really going to stop supporting Sony?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle
And it's always the three of us here with you every week to lead you through the week's topics
But of course you guys play an important role in the show too
So I'm going to introduce you guys first tonight
The chatters, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, the emailers, mailbag orangelaungeradio.com
And the tweeters, or the twitters, or the twit heads, I don't know what you'd call them
At twitter.com slash o-l-r, and of course the Skype 877 game o-l-r
All the different ways to interact with the show
And then of course the three of us guiding you along, talking about the topics for the next few hours
My name is Rob Roberts, joining us as always, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
Yo
How are you doing?
Well, sort of
Well, sort of
Well, yeah
Well, yeah, alright
And playing Sims 3 again, that's two in a row
Well, yeah, but I'm only doing it in the background
No, that's alright
How is Sims life going?
Um, well, for some reason, okay, there's a very small chance of getting knocked up with just plain old woohoo
As in, fucking
And it always seems to happen to mine
Whoopee, like they used to say on the Newlywed Game Show
Rob
What?
It's fucking
Don't you remember the old Newlywed Game Show?
You know, where's the strangest place you've ever had Whoopee?
In the butt, Bob
Alright
Also joining us
And I don't want to know the strangest place he's ever had Whoopee
God
The wife's into porn
Say hello to Techmaster Loki
Hello
How are you doing, Loki?
Doing good
Alright
I don't know what else to ask you
Alright, anyhow
Let's, um, I guess start off the show as we always do
With a little bit of How Was Your Gaming Week?
And of course we'll get into the week's news and your telephone calls throughout the show
And your witty chat comments
From our chat room, chat.orangelandrater.com
But, of course we always start it off with How Was Your Gaming Week?
I probably don't have to ask StarSakura what she's been playing
I can take a pretty good guess, but
Does she want to surprise me?
Well, I played Peggle on iPhone
Okay, that's different
And it was pretty fun
I just played it once and got to the third level, I guess
So it was pretty fun, I love those types of games, though
And, of course, playing Sims 3
Which is pretty cool
Okay, people in the modding community
Hurry up and fix their damn faces
And fix the damn hair
I'll give you a dollar
Start now
Um
And, uh
I played, um
I played Black Knight 2000
The pinball game?
The pinball game
I can hear pinball noises, by the way
We just got to Lord of the Rings
Got rid of Creature from the Black Lagoon, finally
I liked Creature from the Black Lagoon, but whatever
Machine was a bitch
That's right
It seems like it would be a bitch to maintain
Isn't it like the thing where there's a top level and then there's a see-through underneath that?
It's just like a hologram
And you can just change out the hologram
But, um
But really, Dan really wanted Lord of the Rings
So he said he'd get rid of Creature from Lord of the Rings
And the opportunity came up
And he's out there playing it right now
He's been playing it
Practically every piece of dialogue coming out of that game now
Very nice
And, um
I've been playing a lot of
Solitaire
And I downloaded a bunch of games from my new netbook
I put Linux Mint on it
So I've been exploring the gaming in Linux
And, um
Actually, they've got a bunch of
game packages just available
to select
Playing one called Cap Man
Which is Pac Man
And Sudoku
And some of the little stuff
They have a version of Lode Runner
They have all kinds of neat stuff
As soon as I find Kix, I'll be happy
And you've been enjoying your Linux Mint, I know
You've been talking about installing it on one of your computers for months now
I was gonna do it on the old one
But every time it happened
Something would go wrong
The CD had a scratch
Or some crap
And so, um, I finally just said
Fuck it
And, um
Completely got rid of
XP
Because I hated all the crap that Dell put on it
And just like, you know what, I'm gonna
Go completely Linux on it
And I don't regret it at all
I love having multiple desktops
Especially on such a small screen
And it's been pretty cool, I like it
Alright
Alright, well, um, sounds like you've actually been pretty busy
With games that weren't The Sims
I'm actually kind of surprised
But then also plenty of Sims 3, I'm sure
Well, yeah
They're making out right now
They're making out right now? I was gonna ask you to
Update the listeners on what's going on in their Sim world right now
Well, actually, I started over with the same couple
Because I got tired of them having nothing but girls
They seriously had nothing but girls
So, um, I started over
Alright
I started over and I'm, uh
Just hoping for a boy
Well, no, they've got a boy now
Oh, they do now
If they have a girl now, I don't care
Alright, let's move on
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, it was alright, didn't play much
I played Grand Theft Auto 4 still
And then I also played
Saints Row 2 when, um, you know
Obviously the live was down on Tuesday
For a brief moment
So, um
Well, actually, all day
But, um, that meant we had to play something that
Would allow us to play System Link
And Saints Row 2 would be that game
And I kicked the crap out of everybody
In Saints Row 2 really bad
Um, I did go back, though
And play some more Saints Row 2
With the actual, um
I guess download expansions that were
Available for it
There's only two real paid expansions
So I had already downloaded both of those
And they're okay
Um
There's one escort mission I have to do
For escorting some
I have to guard these trucks
They're picking up nuclear waste
And, unfortunately, they're really retarded
And they keep, you know
The cops just spawn
Out of nowhere and just crash
Straight into the front of the truck and just
Kind of sit there for a while and
Does constant damage to it, so
I have had to repeat the mission about eight times
And I still haven't passed it yet
And it's really annoying, so
I hate escort missions
All the time, because the AI's really annoying
And then the rest of the missions
Are just kind of what you'd normally expect
In the game, so
Apparently these are the last two, um
Actual things that they're adding on there
So
Oh well
I guess I'm done with Saints Row 2
Um, but then Grand Theft Auto 4
I'm looking to mod it some more
And I've been just waiting to get my computer set up
Which I did today
So hopefully later this week I'll be able to, uh
Tweak it some more
Alright
How's the house going, by the way?
I know we talked a little bit about your new house last week
But now we get settled in a little more, probably
Yeah, still unpacking, got the internet and cable
Hooked up and everything, so
Still unpacking and
Trying to get things cleaned up
My mom and my
Grandparents came over yesterday
They were helping with
Just some of the stuff I needed to get done around the house
You know, patching holes
On the wall and painting
Stuff and that kind of thing
So, yeah, it's just
A constant
Project, I guess
Alright
Well, my gaming week, I feel like I'm back into
A lot of regular gaming now
Especially since I quit pretty much all my MMOs
Believe it or not, I am playing no MMOs at this time
This week was MMO free, 100%
No WoW, no Final Fantasy 11, no nothing
So it's a little weird
Because I've been playing MMOs for so long
But I am completely MMO free this week
And once you know it, this would also be the first time
In a long time that I could report on this program
I actually played a game
Through to completion
I know, shock and awe, because I have this thing
Called Gaming ADD
Where I always jump from one game to another
Spending $60 on one game, never finishing it
And going to another, I'm sure plenty of you are like that
Because a lot of games take a long time to beat
But the game I beat
Was Final Fantasy IV The After Years
Although, I didn't really beat it
I'm kind of getting to stretch
The truth a little bit, because it is an episodic game
You've completed this episode
Yes, I've completed the main episode
The Seador and Cain's Tale
Which was
You know, I talked about this game a little bit
On last week's show
Again, it's total trip down nostalgia lane
I, though, now that I know more about the story
I want to say two things about the story
One, for a real fan of Final Fantasy IV
The story is great
I think it is a great
Written sequel
And that's just basing it off the main episode
But even just reading what I've read about the upcoming episodes
And so on
I think this story is going to be great
And real fan service to fans of the original
But the second thing I want to say about the story is
If you haven't played the original, don't bother with this game
It will not make sense to you
There is so much that references the original
Final Fantasy IV
Or II, if you want to go back to
American numbers
There's so much that references that old story
You will not understand it as much if you didn't play it
Is there a fat Chocobo?
Not that I've run into yet
But apparently they're there
If you want to go out of your way to visit Chocobo forest
In the main story
But the way they have built this game
Since it is episodic content
They have made it a bit more linear
And restricted as to where you can go
But they do it in a way where that doesn't seem obvious
But they definitely restrict
You know how
Even the old Final Fantasy games did this
Think about the very first Final Fantasy game
You were on foot
But then you get a raft
That will take you around in the water
Then you get a ship that will take you around
Anywhere in the water
In deeper water
Then you get the airship that will take you anywhere
And then in Final Fantasy IV you go underground
But the airship can't fly over lava
So then you get the uberaireship that can fly over lava
So you know, they have ways of restricting
Where you can go
And they definitely do that in this game
the original game, you gotta have this game. I know it's taking a lot of crap for the fact
that it is episodic and that they are charging, you know, three dollars every episode means
the game's gonna cost, you know, probably like thirty bucks for all the parts. But you
know what? I try to also value my game on how much time I'm getting out of it and how
much, you know, reward I'm getting from the investment. And honestly, if these three bucks
a pop are going to be three hours, four hours worth a pop of good story and entertainment
for me, then it's worth it. But, you know, this game isn't for everyone. I think a lot
of people would be driven bonkers by the amount of random monster encounters and the fact
that you do have to do a little bit of grinding if you want to get anywhere in the game. I
think that's not for everybody, but I think for fans of the old school Super Nintendo
RPGs, you've got to check this out. It's great. Let's see, other games I've been playing this
week. Speaking of old school role playing games, I was playing Phantasy Star 2 for a
good chunk of time this week, right? Well, here's the thing.
Dude, I have that game.
Okay, you know Trixie360 on Twitter, right? Trixie, she's great.
She just had her baby too. Congratulations.
She did. Congratulations Trixie. You just had baby Trixie this week. She just spawned
this week.
Yes, she has spawned.
But yeah, she was giving away codes and, you know, I just happened to be on Twitter one
night when she was giving them away and I was like, okay, my Google FU skills are awesome.
These little trivia questions she's asking about the 90s, I can do this. I can do this.
I do this for the online games I play all the time that don't relate to video games
with like some of the role play I do. I can Google FU faster than anyone and sure enough,
the second time she gave away a code that I was watching, I won a code for Phantasy
Star 2, which in retrospect seems a little useless because I do have the Sonic Genesis
collection but I, you know, I wanted to see did this game offer anything different and
the answer is not really, except achievements are in it for what it's worth. I haven't gotten
any yet because I, you have to get to level 10 to get the first one. I only played, you
want to talk about a game, an old school game where you have to do a lot of freaking grinding.
Okay, right from the start, you can't really go anywhere until you like grind your way
to level like three or four right at the beginning.
You just set off poor.
Exactly. So, I mean, you want to talk about a game that's really brutal.
But that game has, um, uh, what's-her-face in it, the cat girl.
Yeah, I haven't gotten that far yet.
I've actually, I've actually got a figure of her.
Again, this is Phantasy Star 2 for those folks in chat who are-
The one that turned out evil later.
Well don't spoil, I'm just kidding.
You don't have to spoil, okay.
No, I know.
Phantasy Star 2, if you haven't played it by now, you're probably not gonna.
Not true because I never played it on the Genesis. But granted, there's so many, I could
have gotten it on PlayStation 1 or, you know, any of the millions of times they've re-released
this game. But for whatever reason, I'm just now playing it.
She actually doesn't turn out evil. It's something else weird that happens to her.
Ah, okay.
So, well, it's not really-
I'm sorry, I've barely been paying attention to the story.
But if you want my little figurine, you can have it, because she's cute.
Maybe.
She's a cat girl.
I've been having fun with it so far. I'll have to play a little more. There are leaderboards
too, which is something a little extra you don't have in the Mega Genesis Collection.
And also, the smoothing is in both, but the save system's a little different, but that's
not really anything to hoop and holler about. You can save anywhere in the game though,
and I don't remember, I didn't play it enough in the Mega Collection to know if that was
the case. I think for anybody that owns a collection, there really probably isn't much
point to having this game, unless you really want achievements, or you are just that much
of a fan of the system.
I kind of wonder why they decided to release that collection if they were playing to release
these games. It would seem to me that it would be a good idea to release the games on Xbox
Live Arcade first, suck in all the money that you can, then BOOM!
And really piss us off.
Hey, but who cares? It's a great deal now.
You know what? For those that may not want all those games though, that maybe just want
the role-playing games or what have you, it might be a decent alternative.
No, you probably should still buy the game, because by the time you're actually going
to purchase it, it'll probably be down to $20.
Anyway, Phantasy Star II's alright. If you haven't played it one of the million other
ways you can get that game, then it's worth checking out. It is a piece of gaming history
known for its notoriety of being an incredibly difficult RPG.
God, seriously though. I think it's actually one of the best Sega RPGs out.
And that's why they've released it so many times.
Make sure that people who want it can get it.
Yeah. Okay, let's see. What else have I been playing this week? I've actually been playing
a lot. Fuel is another game I've checked out. This is something that Loki was raving about
on the show a couple weeks ago. I mentioned that I touched the game last week, but I hadn't
really played a lot. I've spent a lot more time with Fuel this week, and you know, I
think honestly you're going to have to file this game and love it or hate it. Because
I've been trying to look at some of the mainstream reviews, which I don't usually do, but I've
been trying to figure out why the game has not been scoring kind of better as a whole.
Because I think there is a lot to this game. I think it's really just a love it or hate
it type of game. There are some pretty in-your-face type of flaws with the game. Like there is
some graphical clipping that is just like, oh my gosh, did I really just drive right
through that tree? Did that really just happen? You know, there are some big flaws. I feel
like this game was slightly rushed. Like if they just spent another couple months doing
some quality testing, the game would be even that much better. But I do love the fact it
is hugely expansive. There is so much world to see. Not that I think there's a lot of
it that's particularly like memorable, but I think what's cool is that they've introduced
these like Vista Points, which you know, there's so much you can collect. You can collect new
images for your car, paint jobs for your car, called liveries, that are hidden throughout
the world. You have to find them and run into them to collect them. And then they have these
things called Vista Points, which are just basically like really pretty spots that you
drive the car to. And they're very specific points and you can collect these as well.
And they also have kind of like cops and robber chase things, where if you run into these
cars then it will reveal the spots of all these challenges or all these liveries on
your GPS. Or you can actually run into cars and get the car a little later on when you
unlock the second area. You can do that. So it's kind of neat. You know, a lot for like
somebody who likes to collect things in games. And I love, it's arcade style controls.
Did you try driving from the first camp to the second camp?
You know I have a funny story about that. Yes I did because I wanted to get that achievement
because I looked at what achievements you had got and I figured well anything Loki has
I can get. So I actually tried to get that achievement and the funny thing is I didn't
finish it because I got fooled. As I was driving there and right when I crossed into that second
zone it said, oh, achievement unlocked. And I was like, oh, well I guess I don't really
have to drive all the way into the base camp. Well that's cool. That's easy. You just have
to drive from the one map line to the other. Whoops. The achievement I found out later
that I really got was the one for driving 100 miles cumulatively. I just happened to
get it at that moment. And so now I'm going to have to go back and do it again.
It's cool though because you drive through a forest fire while you're going there.
That's where I actually unlocked it was during, you know, they have done some pretty imaginative
things with the game. I just don't think it's for everyone. I think there's a lot of people
that are going to pick this up and go, what the hell's the point? Like where, what am
I doing? And it does, the game is not kind into kind of a ramp up learning curve. You
just are kind of thrown into it. Okay, so what do I do? You're kind of like, do I drive
around aimlessly? Do I go into a race? What the F am I supposed to be doing right now?
And I think part of the, you know, love it or hate it nature of it is that you just kind
of figure out whatever you want to do. You just do. Yeah. So that's kind of part of the
interesting thing about it. Uh, it is available on Xbox live. Apparently there's a way that
you can go into Xbox live and actually race in the open world with other racers, which
kind of reminds me of test drive unlimited. However, when I turned this feature on, I
didn't run into a single person, but I thought maybe this was because I was adventuring out
in the middle of nowhere in the second world. So mate or second section of the map that
you unlock. So maybe everybody's like in the first area, I don't know. Or maybe it was
because I was playing it like 1am on Saturday. I don't know, but, uh, I didn't run into anybody,
but I did try some of the Xbox live races and uh, yeah. You can make your own races
too, which is kind of what I heard. I haven't played with that feature yet. I wanted to
do it. I think it'd be fun to film racing from one corner of the map to the other corner
of the map because that would take like 10 hours. I've heard it takes a long time to
get because we did during lunch one day we said, okay, let's see how far we can get in
a half an hour. And it was like hardly anything on the map. We got to a new area and that
was it. You actually, you can get further faster if you're smart about the way you do
it. If you drive on the freeways with a freeway vehicle, you'll go really fast. But if you
try to just go from point A to B off road, like as the crow flies, you're not going to
get there as fast. You really do have to take the freeways and the bullet car and go 110
miles an hour to get places faster. It's just, you're so tempted. Like I just want to drive
off road, you know, and I like that they've scattered the fuel barrel barrels around that
you can just kind of run over and get points for it. So I've gotten most of my cars that
way. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. So again, I think the game is kind of cool, but it's not for everyone.
Like the game definitely has its flaws. Um, the, the single player races, some of it gets
a little annoying, like some of the challenges that are just endurance, like it's a 15 minute
race. I'm not even joking from one point to another. And then to like come in second on
that 15 minute race and get nothing for it is a little frustrating. Like you don't get
a silver medal or anything. It's like, Oh, you lose. Do you want to try again? Or the
chasing the copter thing and you're just like, Oh, I took the wrong turn. Oh crap. Yeah.
There are some areas like that where it's like, come on. I, that is like one big thing
I would have fixed is I would have given some type of reward for second and third place
or give me a reason to waste 15 minutes, you know? Yeah. So yeah. But otherwise, um, yeah,
that game, there's a lot of collectible to it. I will play it again. I got to play the
Loki online at some point. That'd be fun. We can have a race to drive from one point
to another. It'd be fun. It would be cool. So we'll see. Um, gosh, I've talked a lot
about games, but I just, I've had time to play them again. Thanks to, uh, not playing
well. So there you go. I guess that's it. I, that's all I'm going to share for my gaming
week. I know there's been some other stuff, but that's all I want to share. I want to
actually get into some gaming news first, some housekeeping, believe it or not guys,
Tuesday, which is, uh, yeah, two days from today, June 23rd marks the seven year anniversary
of orange lounge radio. That's right. Our first show was June 23rd, 2002 believe it
or not. So on Tuesday it will have been seven years since that very first episode. And that's
with essentially no break. And when I say no break, granted, of course we've had a week
off here and there for holidays or trips or travel or what have you. But honestly, there's
never been a break longer than I think our longest downtime was three weeks once. And
that was like a one time thing that happened, but we've been going like nonstop ever since
I don't even think it was three weeks. I think it was two weeks when like we were moving
out of one, like remember when Loki and I used to live together, we did the show there.
I think when we moved from that to the new setup, I think that was our longest break
we had because it was such a big move. So, but yeah, seven years of orange launch radio,
believe it or not. When we started doing this show, I was just about to have my 24th birthday.
I was 23 years old and now I'm going to be, it's funny enough, OLR started three days
before my birthday. So now I'm turning 31 this week. That's a long time of doing this
show, but yeah, I'm still going. You know what? It's better. Things get the best when
you're in your thirties. That's what I say. That's right. So, okay. And we'll be actually
having more of a celebration quote unquote next week, although we have nothing special
planned. So, um, I don't know when you start to get a certain age, you kind of hope other
people throw you a surprise party so you don't have to do any work. No, I'm kidding. I don't,
I don't know what there is to do. Uh, so certainly we'll open up the Skype line to your calls
about the show. Maybe share some favorite moments. Uh, some of you guys, I would love
some of you guys that are archive experts at the show, dig up some of your favorite
moments that are out there and available and we'll try to replay some of them next week
if we can find any. So there you go. Seven years next week. Um, tiger claw points out
and I have, I've been ignoring chat all night. I apologize. Tiger claw points out, uh, today
is a holiday. We'll sort of, of course, father's day. So to all of our gaming dads out there
today, uh, happy father's day to you or whatever father figure happens to be in your life.
Maybe a grandpa or a brother, I don't know. So happy father's day to all of you fatherly
figures out there. And as tiger class doesn't chat today as a holiday, we'll sort of happy
about to be a father's day for Loki. This is, you know, the wife is preggers. Well,
they celebrated it for me anyway. They got a shop vac, which is awesome. Oh, nice power
tools. I need the shop vac like any good father should have. So there you go. All right, well,
um, let's get into the show tonight. And for those that listened last week, which I hope
you all did, it was on the podcast feed. Our podcast feeds been on time lately. Um, we
have kind of changed the format of our show a little bit less stories, more time with
each story, because, you know, you guys can go on and, you know, kind of get a rundown
of the gaming news on hundreds of different websites, but this is one of the only places
where you can really talk about them with other gamers who aren't jerks and leave comments
that say first. So let's talk about this week, gaming news. There's been some big stories
this week, especially huge one. Uh, dark soccer is going to start us off tonight with some
game, uh, with some gaming news to talk about and your calls at eight seven, seven game
OLR. Well, we have a case of, it could be a business decision or it could just be, um,
a case of pissy bitchiness. I don't know. Activision's got some PMS going on, but they
just say there might stop supporting Sony. Um, the saying that, um, actually their CEO,
Bobby Kotick said that they would have to cut the price, um, because, uh, they wouldn't
be able to, I guess, make the games, you know, that people would buy because the console's
too expensive. You know, also, I think there's a certain amount of, uh, costs that goes into
doing anything for Sony because they've got some pretty expensive rates. Um, they said
that they might just have to stop, um, supporting Sony come 2010, 2011. Um, and they're also
considering not just the PS3, but the PSP as well. Um, they pay 500 million in royalties
to Sony, um, which is roughly about 40% of their profit. Um, so under those circumstances,
you know, I kind of don't blame them. You know, if they're trying to really make back
their money, their Xbox, honestly, Xbox and Wii is going to be where it's at for Activision,
I would think. Uh, Loki, you agree? I don't, I don't happen. I don't know. Well, I don't
know if I totally agree with the whole, it's only there on Xbox and Wii, but I, I get it.
I get that sentiment, but I do think you have your hardcore Sony audience that would justify
the cost of porting the game. Bobby Kotick has been bitching about the Sony PS3 price
for a long time now. Every time you hear about some, you know, Activision's bitching about
the price of the PS3, they think it's too high. They think there should be a price drop.
They're hoping there's a price drop. They're always complaining about the PS3 price, and
you know what? They still sell, they don't sell as many units on the PS3 as they do on
the 360, but they still sell quite a bit. And I'm sorry, but you're going to just cost
average everything across the board, you know, for most of the games that you develop. So,
you know, hey, if you don't want to develop for the PS3, then don't. But I think, you
know, franchises like, you know, Modern Warfare 2 and, you know, Guitar Hero and stuff, the
PS3 is still a very integral part of, you know, those franchises. And to just get rid
of it because, oh, it's too expensive, well, that's not really good reason. Although, let's
just say if they are crazy enough and they actually go through with it, that's going
to suck for Sony. And that's going to be something I don't know if they can be able to make up
ground on. Empty threats? Probably. What do you guys think? 1877 Game OLR or a username
on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio and I'm reading the chat room here. Rama says, good for Activision.
Now from what I heard or remember reading, EA, I guess, I don't know if maybe EA dropped
or Sega, they weren't supporting the Genesis or something like that at one time. Like EA
dropped them for similar reasons. I don't know, it'd be interesting. I don't think that's
going to happen though. Because, I mean, all it would take is something like that to happen.
Say Activision to stop publishing Guitar Hero on the PS3 and boom! Rock Band will come in,
swoop up all those sales right there. And then, you know, Modern Warfare 2, I'm sure
there's going to be another military shooter out there. If not first party, then someone
else putting something out. I don't know, it's not going to just kill them for not having
Activision. There's a couple listeners in chat that want to say it's the Dreamcast that
EA dropped. Oh, Dreamcast, okay. Okay, that's what it was. I knew it was the Sega system
but I couldn't remember which one. So yeah, I mean, I doubt that at this point they're
going to do that. There is a response from Sony. Obviously this thing caught so much
momentum around the internet that Sony had to make a response and they did. And the response
goes something like this. PlayStation has tremendous momentum coming out of E3 and we
are seeing positive growth with more than 350 titles slated to hit across all of our
platforms including many anticipated games from our publishing partners. And this, by
the way, this quote is from Patrick Siebold who is a spokesperson for PlayStation. We
enjoy healthy business relationships with and greatly value our publishing partners
and we are working closely with them to deliver the best entertainment experience. So in other
words, they didn't really address the issue. They just kind of said, we still are awesome
and we're just going to ignore this guy because he's a boob. Well, he may be a boob. I mean,
who knows? He seems to whine a lot, I guess. It really doesn't matter if he thinks there
should be a price drop. They shouldn't have to drop their price because he thinks there
should be a price drop. Fuck him! He doesn't work for Sony. So, you know, whatever. I mean,
they don't have to... I think it's going to be a bad business decision for them to drop
the Sony platforms because, you know, that's millions of people that aren't going to be
buying your product. And when, you know, a lot of games nowadays rely on both consoles.
I mean, I know with like Grand Theft Auto even, you know, it wasn't exactly 50-50 for
the console sales, but it wasn't too skewed one side or the other. I mean, that is a good
portion of their sales. And I can imagine the same thing for, you know, Call of Duty
and Guitar Hero and stuff like that. The PS3 sales have got to be a pretty significant
part now. If their development costs are too high or licensing costs are too high across
the board, then maybe that is something that Sony can go and fix. And I know that they
have, as far as the PSP, they've kind of lowered the development cost for that as far as the
debug units and that kind of thing. And I think that they're working on something similar
to that with the PS3 as well. Maybe that might be something that they can look at as an option
to, you know, save some money for the third-party publishers and give them a reason to develop
more on the PS3. But, you know, it's not a reason to drop them. Here's a comment from
Rama I find interesting in our chat room. chat.orensonshreda.com. And again, we are
just, you know, inviting phone calls throughout the show. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Rama in chat says,
it takes one company to stand up to Sony. If Activision drops support for PlayStation
3, it's just a matter of time that other companies do as well. I don't know though, because didn't
a few companies leave ESA, but not everybody did? You know, like, I don't think necessarily
one in Activision was kind of, you know, that's one reason I almost would believe this guy
if he's a boob or not is that Activision did drop ESA for a while, didn't they? At least,
yeah. And Blizzard didn't even freaking go to E3 this year because they're like, we don't
need to, basically. We got BlizzCon. We sell out those tickets, like, you know, we have
to set up freaking queues on our website to handle the load and they're gone in 15 minutes.
We don't need it. Like, so, you know, on one hand, despite the thought that, again, I'm
kind of torn. I'm like, yeah, it sounds like an empty threat, but at the same time, track
record shows Activision is willing to make good on these type of threats. You know what
I mean? Well, he says you can have like a time frame. Oh, 2010, 2011. If it was like,
if you do not drop your price by December 31st, 2009, we will be gone June, you know,
first 2010. That's like a closed door conversation, though. You know what I mean? Yeah. Part of
me wonders, though, is this much ado about nothing? Did this guy make an offhanded remark
that just, you know, a sound bite, if you will, did this guy just make a careless remark
that got picked up and ran with by the gaming press and overanalyzed by folks like ourselves?
I kind of don't think so. Well, who? Kodak? He made it to the, to the Times. I guess that's
true. And I think he was pretty clear on it, but the fact is, I mean, how many times have
we been reporting on, you know, company heads making stupid comments about something and,
you know, and the fallout from it? I mean, Sony is a perfect example of that, you know,
and thank goodness they got rid of the cran eating guy, but, yeah, it's, I don't know.
I don't think anything's really going to happen with this, and that's really kind of the issue.
And yes, I think that they should drop the price of their system, but for entirely different
reasons other than Activision says so. I mean, that's not the reason to drop the price of
the system. There's some good debate going on in our chat room right now. Maybe that's
why everybody's afraid to call in, which is fine. And also, I think we had a slight listener
dip tonight. I don't know if everybody's aware, but we shifted a little bit on the radio stream.
It is not right now on the front page of allgames.com. I guess they're doing some remodeling over
there. I don't know. But we're on radio.allgames.com, and I think a few of folks may have not figured
that out even though there's a big link at the top that says All Games Radio on allgames.com.
I don't know. But, yeah, so, but we do have some chatters that are very active tonight,
and Tigerclaw in chat says, the sad part about this, there are people out there who are willing
to pay the premium to get a PlayStation 3. But Rama retorts with this, PS3 is not a premium
console, neither is Xbox 360 or Wii. Sony won't price drop because they'll take a higher
loss on each unit. Don't forget, Rob, Best Buy, GameStop, and other companies told Sony
to drop the price of the PSP, or else they'd stop selling it.
Hmm. That is a problem when the companies that are selling your product are saying they're
going to drop you. I think more so than the publisher, because, to be honest, they could
probably make it through without Activision, even though Activision right now is the number
one publisher out there, only because EA dropped the number two. But, I don't know, it's not
going to kill them if they go away.
Let me read this comment as well from Bochikawa in our chatroom. It's a total bluff, but it
still puts into people's mindset to stop dealing with Sony, and even then, I doubt they will
stop dealing altogether, leaving ports or minor titles to them.
Because think about it. Here's another thing. Think about it. Would you really want to ruin
your relationship with Sony? Say, okay, we're going to stop supporting the PlayStation 3
and the PSP. Okay, the PlayStation 4 comes out. Oh, you just burned your bridges with
Sony because you're being a dick, and now you have the PS4 coming out, and you could
have had some really good partnerships with them to get some good launch titles and that
sort of thing. Oh, but you're a dick, so now they're going to, I don't know, maybe be so
kind to you because you decided to drop them dead weight, and maybe possibly hurting the
launch of your next system.
You know, I don't know how I feel about the whole PlayStation 3 is not a premium console
content. I don't know if I'd necessarily call it premium, but let's face it. The PlayStation
3 does have one big component you cannot ignore that the Xbox 360 and the Wii doesn't have,
and that's Blu-ray. You know, especially as we're getting into more high definition, and
Blu-rays are starting to penetrate the market more and more. We're kind of where DVDs were,
what, 12 years ago. You know, as Blu-rays are starting to penetrate the marketplace
more and more. I don't think you can ignore the fact that the PlayStation 3 is the only
one out there right now that's a Blu-ray player, and that's not something that I don't, despite
all the rumors, Microsoft ain't even considering, and Nintendo sure as hell ain't considering
this whole Blu-ray thing.
So that's one thing that Sony's always going to have, making it, you know, a type of entertainment
hub. Now, to be fair, of course Xbox has the whole Netflix thing, which has worked out
very well for them. It's a completely alternative method of delivering movies that we might
see getting bigger and bigger, and perhaps one day giving Blu-ray a run for its money.
But in a lot of respects, I don't think it's there yet for the average consumer.
Yeah, and for the average consumer, the PS3 is an awesome Blu-ray player. It does all
the updating for them. They don't need to worry about, oh, will this disc play in my
system? Because, you know, a lot of people out there that don't own a PS3 and just have
a normal Blu-ray player, you need to have that thing connected to the internet, and
to update your system, you know, to the updated firmware so that it can play, you know, whatever,
you know, Blu-ray movie is out there, you know, there's a lot of burning off discs and
different processes along with that, whereas the PS3 makes it very seamless with their
firmware updates. So, you know, that is something we kind of don't, we kind of take for granted,
but you know, it is a big thing, especially when you're looking at movies and you're thinking
about getting into, you know, the Blu-ray market, and at the time, it was the cheapest
Blu-ray player out there. Now, not so much anymore, but I got to think, you know, now
that Blu-ray's been out there for at least a few years now, the price of the components
have to have come down by now, and you know, they've got to find ways to cut costs, and
you know, maybe putting out new systems with larger hard drives isn't the way to go. Maybe
you should just, I don't know, keep the same hard drive size and start dropping the price,
or drop something else, I don't know, make it cheaper. Yeah, let's see, a couple more
comments from chat. Rama says, Loki, that's reminiscent of the whole Nintendo Square debacle
years ago. Yeah, and Square's back. That's true, but you know, Nintendo did take a pretty
big hit. You know, Final Fantasy, going over to the PlayStation, was huge. It was just
absolutely huge. In some ways, maybe I'm just a little biased here because I happen to be
a role-playing game fans, I think Nintendo 64 didn't do so hot, in part, because of that.
Not really, but they did get Pokemon. I mean, it was the Nintendo franchise, but seriously,
the Pokemon franchise. Oh, your sound is off. Is your mic on? No, it slid, sorry. Well,
I was going to say, Nintendo did have, you know, Pokemon to keep them above, above water
pretty much. I think that's what saved the Nintendo 64 as long as it did. Let's see,
two Africans in our chat room says, simply, PlayStation 3 is a great system. On what planet?
I don't know, I think it is a good system. It is a good system. It's a good Blu-ray player.
Well, yeah, it's a good Blu-ray player. It's much quieter than the Xbox 360. I enjoy playing
games on it. It's got the better controller than the 360. I disagree. I don't fault the
PS3 as a bad system at all. I don't think it is a bad system. I think they just marketed
it terribly. It was too expensive to begin with. If I hadn't gotten mine for free, you
know, from a wonderful customer of mine, I probably wouldn't own one. Or at least not,
it would have taken a long time before I owned one, because, you know, $400 for a system
even now, I mean, it's a lot of money to drop on that. Let me go to the phones. We just
got a call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this? Hi, yeah, this is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator. What's on your mind about this whole PlayStation 3 debacle going on
in Activision? Do you think they're going to make good on the threat? No, not at all.
Well, there's a slight possibility, but the possibility of it is kind of, you know, somewhat
like, you know, there's always a possibility that, you know, it could snow in, you know,
southern Mexico, but it's very likely that it happens. Not likely, but you never know.
Well, yeah, but I don't know if that's totally the same thing going on, but what about, like,
I could ask the question, do you think Sony needs to drop the price of the console, but
who's not going to say yes to that? But the question I'm going to ask is, do you think
Sony has real, legitimate reason to drop the price of their console right now? Yes, you
know, depends on how you want to look at it. I'm kind of on the fence on that subject.
I can see why they're not tracking it, because, you know, mainly because of the Blu-ray drive
itself, they're still kind of expensive to manufacture, and they're already taking a
hit by, you know, selling at the price they're at, but at the same time, you know, at least
for most consoles, I think, except for, like, the Wii and the PlayStation 2, generally speaking,
console manufacturers always take a hit on, you know, consoles, and it's kind of like
a stop-loss kind of thing, where they tend to make all their monies through the licensing
fees on the games, right? I guess. I'm looking at a lot of chat comments, though, about the
whole thing, and GameGuru says, I'd own a PlayStation 3 if it were $300 and was backwards
compatible with PS2 games. That's a huge thing. That was so stupid of them to eliminate that
as quick as they did. I guess they did it as a price-cutting thing, but they needed
to find a way to do it somehow, I think, and Two Africans said the PlayStation 3 would
have been more successful if Sony hadn't raped us in the ass with the price at launch. They
don't get how to do it, and basically, even from launch, remember when we saw, when they
were first talking about the PS3 and they were showing off the controller and stuff
like that, and it's $600, and you were like, what? Are you stupid? Let me wrap up with
Spaznator, though. Spaznator, do you think this is actually going to happen? Do you think
Activision is actually going to pull out, or what?
Probably not. I hope not. At least for the sake of those, they only own the PlayStation
3. Otherwise, they're going to have to go shell out for a second console, whether it
be Wii or 360. All right. Well, thank you very much, Spaznator, for your thoughts. Thank
you so much for the call. Take care. I was going to say about, there's certain things,
though, that we're kind of forgetting, too, is that PlayStation, you know, because I can't
remember Spaznator is the one that plays Final Fantasy XI. It was him or one of the other
listeners that plays Final Fantasy XI a lot. It made me think that Final Fantasy XIV is
on its way to PlayStation 3. God, I know. And there are some exclusives out there on
the horizon, but is it going to be...
It's always, okay, here's the thing with Sony, and it's been this way ever since the launch
of the PS3, and even the PSP. There's always been exclusives, and they've always been on
the horizon, and they've always stayed on the horizon, until finally they decide, hey,
okay, we're going to finally come out with this now. But price has always been an issue
with the Sony platforms. Ever since the PS3 launched, the price has been too high. I don't
care what kind of price drops they've been doing, it's still too damn high for it right
now. And even with like the PSP, the PSP Go price, are they fucking crazy? Let's put it
out for $250. Great, that's a perfect way not to sell any more consoles. That PSP Go
is going to fail like crazy. But I don't know, I think it's just, they're really, they need
to get smart, and they need to figure out a way to gain ground now, and yes, the exclusives
will help, but price drop will help even more.
If the PSP Go, I think, had a $99 price point on it like Dan had mentioned a while back,
then I think they'd be selling like freaking hotcakes.
I agree.
And on top of that, looking at the construction of them about what they took out, the machines
themselves can't really be relatively that expensive to produce, nor can shipping and
marketing costs really be that much if they've already got some momentum going with it. So
really, you know, say that to cost ship and market each individual system, it costs them
say $80, put it out for $125, you'll make tons of profit still, because you'll get more
units out, and the more you mass produce them, the cheaper they are to produce.
Okay, we've got to move on with some more stories, and we will, but I want to say-
I was saying, my point is, is that that's simple economics, simple business, and Sony
should know that. If they want to get, you know, the games, if they want to keep some
of their people, if they want to sell the systems, that's the way to do it.
I think one place that Sony is losing to Microsoft, as much as I do enjoy my PlayStation 3, is
that they are not staying current as fast as Microsoft does, and that is killing them
this generation. Because Microsoft had a hard time doing that with the original Xbox, but
right now, they built that 360 to get these upgrades and all these things fast. And you
know, one thing that Microsoft's doing right right now, that I would say not even Nintendo's
doing, but Nintendo doesn't need it because their audience is totally different right
now, is that they are evolving so much faster. You know, with this whole thing like the NXC,
Netflix on the 360, some of these other things that are coming out, you know, they are able
to, with what they've got, the constraints they have with that machine, they're making
it work a lot faster than Sony is. When was the last time you saw a major, major, major
upgrade to the PlayStation outside of home? And some would argue home, you know, was not
all it was cracked up to be. So I don't know.
It's definitely not the big hub that they thought it would be. It's kind of a neat thing
to play around with, but yeah.
All right. Well, I'm sure this story is to be continued. It'll be interesting to see
how long this whole little stalemate lasts.
Yeah. Well, speaking of PlayStation, the PSP Go has an interesting rumor kind of related
to it. Apparently there's a rumor that Sony is working on an app store for the PSP Go,
and that's going to be revealed at Gamescom in Cologne this August. And they're basically
saying that these games will be limited to like 100 megs, and basically the only limit
for con- or that's only the limit for the content, but any apps that they want to create
including non-game applications may also be available as well. So, you know, some of these
smaller programs at cheaper prices or maybe, you know, free, kind of aligning themselves
with, you know, what Apple has with their app store. It'd be interesting if this is
going to be the draw for the PSP Go.
It makes sense to me that they're going to do something like this, because really, this
has to be the only thing that they've got in the cards for, because what would be the
draw to the PSP Go if basically all the games are just digital downloads now and the system
is more expensive? You need something unique to it to draw people to pay that extra, you
know, $100.
I kind of thought this already existed. Like, not so much a storefront on the PSP, but I
thought, like, your PS3 store was supposed to interact with the PSP as well as you could
get something like this on your PC.
Well, it's not necessarily, um, not necessarily like the store that's on the PSP because that
is already available right now. It's more of like the app store where you can get applications.
I can buy a calculator if I wanted for this. I can buy an app to, you know, browse restaurants
or some, you know, crap like that. This is what they're talking about. Not necessarily,
more like, think the iPhone, you know.
Well, it's not an iPhone store.
Yeah, basically.
Are they going to sell music and movies on it too?
Well, they already do it on the PlayStation Network, so.
I guess that's true. You can get it on your PSP, but I bet you they ain't doing half the
business Apple is.
Nope. Not for $250 when you can buy an iPhone. You know, granted, you have to lock into a
contract, but for $99.
Most people don't give a crap. I'll tell you what. Go to the average consumer. A lot of
people do not give a crap about that contract in order to get that new hot little iPhone
device. There's tons of people that are shelling out the $99 right now to do it. I have friends
that have been upgrading and they're like, ah, whatever contract. I have a cell phone
contract with my company right now. You know, or whatever. It's kind of an inevitable part
about doing business with a phone company in this day and age, which is too bad in some
ways, but.
I'm probably not going to do my upgrade though for some time.
No, I mean, I, I'm already an iPhone user. The 3GS does not seem to have enough. Would
it just, especially with, I would have to pay extra money cause I'm not eligible for
upgrade yet, which is AT&T's problem, but.
Actually no, they're, they're, um, they took away that thing where.
Yeah, you still have to be in a certain window though that I'm not in.
Oh, well I, but I've got an old iPhone. So for me, it's, it makes perfect sense to upgrade
it. Although I'm not going to do it until, you know, a cup, about a month from now, but
still.
Well then.
Wait for them to work all the bugs out of it.
Yeah. If you're still on the very, very old one, I can see why, but I'm on a 3G and there's
just not enough about 3GS that really, yeah, battery life. Yes.
I'm down for the faster processor myself and having a better camera on it.
Hmm. Well, um, let's see. Uh, yeah, I, I don't know about this whole PSP store thing. I guess
it's a good idea, but I kind of think it's like kind of in a way it's too late, but I
guess there's a lot of people that don't have nor want the iPhone. And again, I have to
think about that college kid audience that seems to be the PSP and target audience that,
that really has these things.
Here's the other thing too, the college kid audience. If you really want to, you can mod
your PSP and there's the homebrew community that's already done this and has been doing
this for years now. So why bother paying for something that you can get for free and it
will probably end up being better anyways. And seriously, you know, if the PSP Go does
take off, then those PSP 2000s and 3000s are going to be even cheaper. You know, how am
I supposed to do the 2000 because the screen isn't that great on the PSP 3000. And there
you go.
I still have the very, very first PSP and like no memory card, but you know what else?
I haven't touched it in a long time. I think the last game I really played on it was that
Final Fantasy II remake they did. Well, maybe Space Invaders Extreme.
What about Dissidia? Would you play that?
Honestly at this point, probably not, but that's because I'm not a fan of handheld gaming
in the first place. And I've gone into this rant on a previous show and I realized this
is a personal preference that makes me weird than a lot of other gamers. I do not like
playing portable games. The only place I can play a portable game is like at the airport,
on an airplane, when I'm on a trip and don't have my consoles with me and I have to play
something. But if I'm at home, I would not be caught dead with the DS in my own home
playing in my house when I have a PlayStation and all this other stuff readily available
to play.
Well, if I want to play a particular game, if I've got the system for it, I'll just play
it on whatever system it's on. If I want to play Cooking Mama, I'll play the good version
on the DS, which I've been known to do.
But the game, for me to go that far, there's so many games out there, it's kind of like,
there's lots of games I want to play, and I'll just play the ones I want to play on
the console while I'm at home. And again, I know I'm weird, but a game on the handhelds
has to be really good and really anticipated for me to play them when I'm in a house.
Scribble nuts!
I'll probably end up picking it up for when I do travel, but I don't see myself sitting
in my bed playing it. I'm just, I know I'm weird like that. I don't know. I can't explain
it.
Do you play games on your iPhone?
Um, when I'm out and about, like if I'm at the doctor's office waiting for an appointment.
But not at home?
The only time I have is like, when I'm lying in bed about to go to sleep, but even then,
it's usually because I just downloaded it that day and I wanted to check it out, and
then maybe 10 minutes, go to bed and then don't touch it again until I'm out and about.
Have they got an organ trail on the iPhone yet?
I'm sure they do.
There's all the time though, I sit here when I'm on, you know, chatting with people online
and I'll play, I'm playing Vi right now, which was an old NES RPG that they put out on my
phone. I've been playing that.
Alright, so anyhow, yeah I know I'm weird about the whole handheld thing, but sorry
I got off the original topic about the PSP App Store. I guess it's an inevitable thing.
How successful it'll be, I guess it all depends what apps are on it, if it has the must have
apps, but I don't see a lot of people just delaning it for the calculator.
Let's just put it this way, let's look at what other people have done, like the DSi
Store, their apps suck.
Alright, let's go to the phones. Hi, you're on Orange Longest Radio, who's this?
Hey, what's up everybody, this is Kajudo.
Hey, Kajudo?
Yeah, Kajudo, I don't know.
Alright, well hey, welcome to the show. What do you think about this whole PSP Store and
the PSP competing with the iPhone in a way?
Well, I don't own any of the PSPs, just because it just never appealed to me. I'm
more of a DS fan, where I like the innovation, and you know, they just seem to build games
for that system. The PSP to me just seems like, okay, you know, you want to take your
PS3 or your PlayStation 2 in the car, you can have that. And really, I'm not interested
in playing those types of games in my car, you know? I rather just a little simple point
and click type game.
But what I'm concerned about is this, what is it? The PSP Go?
Mm-hmm, the PSP Go.
Alright, what happens if I install these games on the PSP Go and I get my PSP stolen or I
lose it? That's like all my games are just basically down the drain now, right?
They're tied to your PlayStation Network accounts, just like if your PS3 got stolen or exploded
or something. So you can redownload them again.
Oh, okay, I didn't know that. I thought it was something where, you know, you buy it
off of their online store and it's saved on there, and if you lose it, then that's just
no problem.
No. Well, then that's certainly a valid concern, especially when you go to this whole digital
distribution. But yeah, I know on PlayStation Network, I mean, I don't buy anything for
the PSP. Well, it's the same deal. Once you buy something, it's yours and you can redownload
it later if you need to. But isn't there like a thing like, there's got to be a way to prevent
me from going to a friend's house and downloading the game and they play it? Like, they can't
play it if they're not signed in.
There, you can do that. I think you can link it to like a few different consoles or different
profiles, but basically you can download it, I think, in an unlimited amount of times on
your own profile.
Hmm.
And what if that service, for some reason, one day they no longer provide that download?
That's always another concern with me with things like, what is it, Valve? Steam, Steam.
I'm a little concerned with that. Like, what happens if one day Steam just goes away? Where
does my games go?
Then they go into oblivion, unfortunately, unless you have them downloaded to your system.
Well, I would think, I would hope the respectable thing to do would be to release, if your company's
about to go under, release something that's going to require, not require Steam anymore
for that.
Yes. That or the other option too, if you know that they're going to, you know, granted
I don't think the Sony source is going to up and die all of a sudden, but I mean, if
you've caught wind that, like, okay, starting December we're going to up and die, you know,
you could probably, you know, back those things up to your PC if you want to, since they've
just stored on, you know, the internal hard drive or memory stick or something. Well,
now, you know, nowadays they're on a memory stick and you can just back that stuff up,
but...
Oh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat would like to clarify, Steam has a failsafe for that reason.
They've already stated that. If they go under, they will remove the digital rights management.
So it's kind of like I speculated that they would do the right thing and just disable
the necessity of having Steam in the first place. So, well, hey, thank you so much for
the call and we appreciate it.
I just have one game recommendation for Loki. You just get the fashion gorilla.
I have it. I just haven't played it yet.
Oh, you got to try it. I mean, that's the only game that made me put down GPA because
I'm a GPA freak.
I really do want to play it and, you know, playing Saints of O2 today or, well, not today,
but earlier this week, because they have one of the vehicles from Red Faction in there.
It's like this SUV with a rocket launcher on top of it, which is awesome. But, you know,
I was like, oh, yeah, I really got to play that game. And I also have Prototype too,
so I have to go back to that and Fuel, I have to go play that. So there's a lot of stuff
and I just got my, you know, I'm trying to unpack right now.
Now is just not a good time to move.
It's not. You know, I had to unpack. You know, the summer is dead for me as far as what's
coming out. So, you know, it's a good time to get all these games now because then I
can play them through the summer.
All right. Well, thank you so much for the call.
Well, thank you for the show. Good night, guys.
All right. Take care, buddy.
All right. 1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to comment on stories.
We are going to move on to our next story tonight, which has to do with Microsoft. We've
been hazing Sony a lot tonight. Let's give Microsoft a little bit of hazing too. This
actually is a little bit of a follow-up to something we were talking about last week.
Last week, there was a rumor going around that Project Natal was actually going to be
the centerpiece of a new console that Microsoft is going to be releasing.
I thought that the rumor was actually that it was going to be treated like a console
launch and people thought that it was going to be a new console.
That's what I thought too, but also the fact that it was going to be like a, not so much
like a new console console, but like, you know how PlayStation 1 and then there's PlayStation
1 Slim a couple years later. I think the thought was there was going to be like an Xbox 360
Slim. Well, the CEO of Microsoft, Steve Ballmer, actually came out and said that, well, I'm
sorry, that actually, he was the guy that made that first remark about the whole Xbox
360 hardware integration that caused everybody to run with everything going on here.
The director of product management for Xbox 360 and Xbox Live, Aaron Greenberg, actually
straight up told Kotaku earlier this week, there will be no console. We're not going
to be launching a new console anytime soon. I really believe he was speaking about Project
Natal. We want to make sure people know that we're excited about Project Natal, but we're
barely halfway through this generation. We're happy with the Xbox 360, so there are no changes
from that standpoint. For the time being, we're really just showing a whole new category
of gaming. And then they're talking about, are they thinking about doing the hands-free
stuff in a new Xbox 360 configuration? They did say, yes, we have looked at that, but
we haven't seen, announced any details for something like that.
I think they're just really kind of lying by omission basically.
I think that's exactly what they're doing. I think there is. In a way, here's the most
important quotes from this. We are saying that the Natal will run on the Xbox 360, so
there's no new hardware to purchase. What we're doing that's unique is instead of asking
you to invest in a new generation of hardware, a generation that's already well established,
extending the experience even longer by adding this whole new category of experiences with
Project Natal. We're changing the rules just a little bit like we did with the new Xbox
experience.
It's just going to be, they're going to do a new console. It may be slimmed down, it
may not be slimmed down, but it's going to be some sort of a new revision, and it's going
to have Natal with it. That's basically it. It may be integrated into it if they decide
to actually slim down the form factor of it, but there will be a new console. There will
not be a new console because it's not going to be the Xbox, the next one, the 720 or whatever
you want to call it. It won't be a new console in that sense, but just like how the PlayStation
2, spelled out T-W-O, is not a new console, it's just a slimmer console. It's the same
console, but just, it's just...
You notice the way he's wording it. He's not saying no. He's not saying no. He's reassuring
people that they're not going to have to buy a new console to enjoy Project Natal. He didn't
come out and say, we're not releasing a new set of hardware. He didn't really say that.
He said, don't worry. Project Natal will work on your existing hardware. That's what I'm
hearing. He's reassuring people that they don't need to do this hardware upgrade, but
I still think there's going to be...
There has to be some perks to doing an upgrade.
I think there will be at least a bundle that comes with Natal. I think they're really going
to push this thing. Why shouldn't they? It is their answer to the Wii after all.
It's going to be kind of they're going to treat it like a new launch, so why not relaunch
the system? See, because that's what they're going to do. They're even going to probably
phrase it like that. This is the next generation in gaming, so let's launch it like the next
generation in gaming.
It's not like Microsoft doesn't make changes to their hardware ever, because earlier this
week it was reported that some of these new arcade units are out there, and they have
double the internal memory, which is funny because he references this whole, just like
we did with new Xbox experience, they work on the old Xbox, but in reality they did go
back and pump up the hardware a little bit. Because remember, you couldn't really have
NXE on your system if you didn't have a hard drive, or what was it? A memory card or something?
You had no memory. You can't even store NXE, but now there's hardware out there that they've
doubled the memory that it's now, what, 512 megs built in that can fit NXE and probably
some of the other stuff on your actual physical drive.
And they've gotten rid of the arcade games.
This kind of conflicts with what he's saying.
I knew this was coming a long time. Actually, it's funny.
I remember you saying something on the show.
Yes, I did. They were slowly transitioning. It was the console, they had the holiday bundles
that they can do with the games packed in, then they were going to have the console without
the games, and it was going to have the integrated memory, and then they were going to double
the memory inside it and get rid of the arcade games, and I think that's what this is now.
I'm not sure if they actually went through getting rid of the arcade games, but I think
they did.
Yeah, it's not surprising. They make little revisions. In this case, it's just so every
console now can have NXE stored on it, because it's important for them.
I hope that they do make a slimmer one. I could be talked into upgrading my system,
actually.
I wouldn't.
I don't have a cold-ass Xbox 360. I could be talked into it for HDMI, quieter system,
and maybe any other perks they're going to throw at me with new hardware.
It would be quieter because of the smaller chipsets, less heat, less need for a huge
fan.
But here's my concern. My old hard drive's not going to work with it, because if they
slim down the system, that massive drive's not going to fit on it.
No, they could. It'd be the same thickness, or maybe it'll plug into the top. They could
do it.
Interesting. I hope they do. I hope they do, because I wouldn't want to have to get a new
drive and all that stuff again. That would turn me off. We'll see.
I would think that they would. I mean, look at the police station slim. I mean, all the
peripherals, for the most part, worked with it. I mean, there's obviously no multi-tap
doesn't. So other interesting things, kind of going back to talking about Activision
again.
Activision had, I guess the prices for their new peripheral games are actually starting
to come out online. You know, as retailers like Amazon and GameStop and stuff like that
are starting to take preorders on them. And people are kind of shocked at how expensive
they are.
Now, this is Activision we're talking about here. I'm not shocked at how expensive they
are, but it is interesting, though. Like, for example, DJ Hero. I think we talked about
this a little bit before. It's going to retail for $120, and it's, of course, bundled in
with the DJ controller, which, when you look at, like, previously releases, like, say,
you know, Guitar Hero with a guitar bundled with it, that's typically been $99.99 for
an Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 version. The PlayStation 2 version, though, is coming out
at $99.99, so there is, like, a $30 premium on all these different games.
Another game that's coming out for that same $120 price point would be the new Tony Hawk
game. But, you know, once again, the controller with it is kind of sophisticated. There is
a lot of equipment in there, so maybe that's why the price point's a little higher.
But what is really interesting, though, is Band Hero, the little-known, you know, Guitar
Hero game kind of aimed towards the family. They have a super bundle that's basically
coming out that's going to include, supposedly, like, a drum kit, a guitar, and, you know,
microphone, kind of what you got in World Tour, and that's going to run you $199, whereas
the World Tour kit, you know, runs you a lot less than that. So, it's kind of interesting,
though, that they're kind of pumping up everything by, like, $30. And, you know, what's funny
is when I read about this, I was kind of wondering, maybe they're throwing in, like, two guitars
and a drum set or something like that. But I looked at the weights comparing World Tour
and Band Hero's bundles, and the weights are almost identical. So it is going to be the
same bundle as you got with World Tour. They're not actually adding anything more to it. It's
just, for whatever reason, they think that they can get, you know, extra money for it.
Maybe that's, you know, a little bit coming from, you know, maybe they think they can
do that since, you know, Beatles Rock Band is going to be $250. So maybe they think they're
justified in that sense. Okay, well, what's Band Hero bringing new to the table? I can
tell you what Beatles Rock Band is bringing new to the table. But what is, well, I don't
know, some folks might want to argue with me on that, but at the same time, I'm telling
you, put the Beatles Rock Band gameplay next to Guitar Hero Van Halen gameplay, and I'll
tell you what justifies that premium Beatles price. You know what I mean? Here's something
funny though, if you think about it, okay? Guitar Hero World Tour right now, I think
is like $180, if I remember correctly. I think it's like $179.99. In fact, I'm going to look
that up right now. But let's just assume, you know, with Guitar Hero 5 coming out, you
gotta think that they're probably going to do a price drop on Guitar Hero World Tour.
You know, because they gotta clear out the extra units that they have, and maybe they're
not going to do it right away, but you would think that they're going to drop it, because
that's what they normally do. They drop the version that came out last year, you know,
in preparation for the new one. So you've got the bundles that are available out there
right now, you know, for World Tour, and say that you can get them for, I don't know, $150.00.
$149.99. I'm sure that's not too much of a stretch. Okay, so now you have this new game
coming out for $200.00. Why should I buy that bundle when I can buy a bundle with World
Tour, and I can buy the game only of Band Hero for the same price as buying the bundle
for Band Hero? It makes no sense whatsoever. So, I don't know. I mean, it does seem kind
of a rip-off to be spending that kind of money on a bundle that, you know, is readily available
right now for a cheaper price. And yeah, looks like World Tour, the band kits, okay, $190.00.
So they're still pretty expensive. Actually, $190.00, you know, right now, that wouldn't
be that, but it's still $10.00 more than, you know. But, you know, what, for $10.00
for what? Even $10.00 is $10.00 still. Yeah. Especially considering, you know, they're
not bringing that much new to the table, it sounds like. But here's my thing. I'm going
back to the DJ Hero thing for a minute, because I'm excited about DJ Hero. It looks like the
game's going to be pretty cool. The song list looks pretty awesome. It looks innovative,
this whole thing. But when I heard it was $120.00, it was like getting kicked in the
crotch. Like, $120.00 is a lot of money. And, you know, I'll tell you what, if they had
said $99.00, I would have been like, sold, gonna buy it, I'm there, yep, I got it, day
gone, right? But it's that third digit that makes all the difference, in my mind, as a
consumer. I don't know what it is. I'm very disappointed. I gotta see what I'm getting
for my, you know, $120.00. Honestly, I'm still probably going to buy it, because it's a game
that really interests me, and the price, you know. I want to get the actual special bundle
with the carrying case and a lot of fun stuff, because that, I like to travel with my game
consoles and peripherals and stuff like that. So that, you know, would appeal to me. But
I want to see what I'm getting for this $120.00, because it's kind of expensive for, you know,
and I know the peripheral is kind of neat, but I'm sorry, it's a turntable. It can't
be that sophisticated. It's, we've had BeatMania controllers out there, and I mean, really,
we're not talking too much different than that. And hell, the guitars aren't even that
sophisticated. So, where's the money going? Yeah, that's kind of why I'm curious about
that too. And I think what also really sucks is that you can't really demo DJ Hero, you
know what I mean? You're going to have to either play it in a store, play it at a friend's,
or take a chance. And you want to hear something funny? This is coming from a company that's
bitching about the price being too high for the Playstation 3. Funny, I didn't even think
about that. You're absolutely right. You know, oh, the Playstation 3's too high? Hell, that's
almost the price of our, you know, what is it? Banned Hero. If they drop the Playstation
3 price another $100.00, it will be the price of their Banned Hero bundle. I'm sorry, that
seems kind of a rip-off to me. But, you know, at the same time, you know, Banned Hero seems
kind of a rip-off anyways. I mean, why do we need that many games out at the same time?
I mean, and we haven't really seen anything about it, other than I saw a trailer that
said Banned Hero on it, and that's about it. And honestly, I couldn't have told you if
that was Guitar Hero 5 or Banned Hero what? I think we talked about this on the show last
week. I thought it was Guitar Hero 5. I thought the name of Guitar Hero 5 was Banned Hero.
And I do a show about games every week. I'm supposed to be on top of this stuff. I literally
thought Guitar Hero 5 was just called Banned Hero. I thought that's what it was. It was
the same game. I was like, no, they're putting out two? Really? Do we need that? Well, okay,
Van Halen's coming out at the beginning of August. Guitar Hero 5's coming out at the
beginning of September. Banned Hero's coming out in October. That's too much. That is a
lot. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I'm not feeling it. Especially, you know they're
going to charge like 50 bucks for Guitar Hero or Van Halen. It's too much. Yep. Too much.
Alright, well, I guess that's them. We'll see how this sells, of course, and how you
guys anticipate it. Not a lot of chat. They're talking about pay goal in the chat room. I
guess there's not a lot of care about DJ Hero or Banned Hero. I don't know. Alright, well
that's what it is. Let's shift topics and talk about another game. And this game definitely
has its cult following, which used to be me many, many years ago. Magic the Gathering.
Hey, hey, hey. That was me in college in Alabama. And it was me in high school many years ago,
actually. I've actually got a couple magic decks over here. I got them for free. Here's
the thing about Magic the Gathering. Say what you will. Call me whatever name you want in
the book. I do think Magic the Gathering is actually a lot of fun. It's just a good game.
Like I think it's a good card game to play. But it can be a lot of money. Like I remember
you know with the cards and everything, like paying the money to get the cards. It can
be a lot of money. And the reason why I bring this up now is that Magic the Gathering is
making a comeback of sorts. Magic the Gathering was just released on Xbox Live this week.
I'm not sure if you guys caught it amongst all the downtime. And I didn't even mention
it in my gaming week, but that's because I played a demo, not the full version. But Xbox
Live now has Magic the Gathering, Duels of the Planeswalkers. It is there. You can download
this game. It's available. And in the game, it's basically, you know, you can put together
your own. From what I understand, I haven't played the full version. But from what I understand,
because in the demo you're limited to like one battle with a green card only deck basically.
But the enemy has a red card only deck. Which means you're screwed? I guess, yeah. In the
full version of the game, you can kind of make your own deck. You can do your own thing
with it, you know, of the cards that are there. You gain and lose cards as you fight enemies
and so forth. So yeah, it's hard for me. And like Lazy Days in chat says, demos don't count.
Yes. I don't want to base my evaluation of the game off of it. So I'm not going to tell
you whether to buy it or not. I will just say, you know, it was kind of neat to see
a resurgence of Magic the Gathering. But what I do think is interesting is that they're
talking about download content. Here's the thing though. Download content is not going
to work the way that it does for Magic the Gathering online. Because you have to remember
there's now three ways to play Magic the Gathering. You have Xbox Live. You have the card, good
old card and table and all that stuff. Or you have Magic the Gathering online. The interesting
thing about Magic the Gathering online, they have really tried to mirror the card playing
experience right on down to what you pay for it. If you weren't aware, if you want to play
Magic the Gathering online, it's essentially free. You have to pay $10. And I did a little
research today. I've never played Magic the Gathering online, but I did some research.
If I wanted to play, what would it take? You pay it like a $10 registration fee, but that
$10 goes towards a coupon that you use in their store. And you buy decks just like walking
into a comic book store and buying a deck. You buy booster packs just like you would
buy a booster pack in a store of 12 random cards or what have you. And it's the same
price with tax and all that stuff. So you literally, but they make it very clear. There
is no, you don't buy these things online and then get a paper copy of the card. Just like
you don't buy the paper cards and get an online code to get the same card. That is not how
it works. Which it should though, because that'd be pretty cool. There's two different
games here. Magic the Gathering online and Magic the Gathering paper. But the reason
why I bring this whole thing up is because that now they have this download content.
The deal is you're not going to get booster packs with Xbox Live download content. You're
basically buying all new decks. There's no random cards. You know what you're going to
be getting out of this when you go in to buy it. And this is from an interview on Destructoid.com.
Senior brand manager Worth Woolport actually was quoted saying, a good way to think of
it is like the old theme decks or our current intro decks. It's that kind of option to add
onto your gaming experience. And it's all set. It's not randomized at all. By the way,
they're also going to have themes, play mats, like the background you can buy. Yeah. And
gamer pictures. Okay. But what about for the people that's over it? I mean, what appeal
is it going to have for all the people who've moved on? Is there anything that's going to
bring anyone back? What about the face to face, you know, playing with somebody? Well,
I don't know. I actually, to be honest, Jamie, I think this is it to bring the old people
back is that you don't have to put up with the boosters and all these extra little costs
here. I, I, in a way, I think if I was going to play Magic the Gathering more regularly,
this is appealing to me. When I played, when I played Magic regularly, I loved being able
to collect all the rare cards and to, you know, to have the collection that other people
went, ooh. But wouldn't it bug you when someone when you were playing would pull out that
effing card that you, is so rare, there's no way in hell you're going to get it. You
know, that type of thing and then it's being used in a match. I mean, one thing you can
say about the Microsoft way of doing it on Xbox Live, everybody's on the same page. Everybody's
on equal free. See, that, that's not fun to me. If I wanted to play, you know, a certain
type of match, you know, I would say, hey, do you have a type two deck? Do you have a
type one deck? You know, do you have old school type one? I don't even know what that means.
That's funny. That's true for tournament. I used to do tournament play. Wow. Back in
the day. And I just say like, hey, you know, if you've got this type of deck, then we'll
play this kind of game. If you want to bring out the, the strong stuff, you know, we would
actually set up those parameters first. So it was a much broader scope of play if you
had this together. I've seen people take out wimpy ass starter pack decks and beat people
with, you know, the hardcore expensive deck just because they were a better player. So
I think that that actually removes an aspect of the challenge. I think that it takes out
some of the fun. I mean, not everyone is going to be equal. I'm sorry. There's no such thing
as everybody equal. You may be able to match the cards, you know, for everybody, but you're
never going to match the skill. And I think that that really takes away a lot of the experience
in play. Well, from what I understand, you still build your own deck. It's just that
everybody has the same card pool to build from. And yeah, okay. You're a collector by
nature. Jamie, you, you collect video games, you collect systems, you collect lots of stuff.
You're a collector by nature. I can see your argument for me. That's too much money. I
can't, I can't do it. I will tell you, I spent a lot of money on this as a kid. My first
collection. Oh, that's right. You were a kid, weren't you? I was playing, I was playing
in college. I would have been, I wasn't that far behind you. I was playing this when I
was a sophomore, junior in high school. You were what, two years older than me. So right
around the same there. Yeah. Um, what, um, Loki was a child, not a child, but the whole
thing is that I actually built up a collection, sold it for about a $1,500 of D and D books,
which I still have. And then probably rebuilt my collection just because, you know, it's,
it's its own currency. You have to be smart with the building and trading. And you know,
my last collection by that time I didn't care anymore. Nobody wanted to pay what it was
worth, but still it's, it's a matter of what are you in it for? You know, oh, for a lot
of people, the fun comes not just in the playing, but in the having. Our, our good friend, Marissa's
in chat, Marissa Congusto and says, I was in elementary school for the win. Don't I
feel like grandpa? Oh, we do love Marissa though. And we wanted to come visit the show,
by the way, Marissa or Jamie and I are just going to have to end up in LA at the same
weekend and make that habit. All right. And Loki somehow is going to have to be talked
into making the trip. Um, let's see. I do want to say though, I, what else I thought
was interesting about this whole magic, the gathering story was that, uh, they also, in
this interview, uh, the brand manager would not really say how much it's going to cost
because he says, as far as price, all that stuff is dictated by Microsoft. The game itself
came out at 800 Microsoft points, which we think is an absolute steal of value. Frankly,
you can almost hear that hidden subtext of we think this game is undervalued by Microsoft.
And I think to the hardcore fans, maybe it is. I mean, think about it. 10 bucks gets
you what some people have spent lots more money on another online gaming platform to
have. That's fascinating to me. I don't know why. Maybe I'm just weird. Maybe it's the
memories I have. I'm sure they would have done booster packs and stuff if they had a
way to do random cards like that. But because you know, it's, you know, pay X amount of
points download, you know, this data done, you know, it's just, I don't know. You can't
do it too bad for them. I do want to check out the full version of the game though. I
think I will probably die as soon as I finish up some of this final fantasy and other stuff
I've been playing. I'll probably get a little more into magic, the gathering, and I would
love to play Jamie on Xbox live, but I don't know if she'll want to spend the 10 bucks.
It might be fun though. God, it really has been years. Me too. Me too. I bear two decks
here on my desk. Rob, when I was going through that tutorial, I was like, Oh my God, this
is almost too much to remember. Like I wait, I have to hit a button to interrupt if I want
to actually use this. So, Oh my gosh, she really does. She just whipped it out. It's
a sealed deck for God's sake. I challenge you, Rob. Ready to play 30 card deck and quick
start guide. For real, these are two starter decks? Two starter decks. I challenge you,
Rob. You should have a battle on the show. Not right now. Not right now. Maybe like it's
a special one off show or something. We have a white deck and a green deck, which means
it'll be a fucking long game. We should do this as like a special spinoff show or something.
And maybe Loki can provide commentary. I don't know what the hell's going on, nor do I care.
That would be what was funny about it. If this has that phasing bullshit in it though,
I'm out. What the hell is phasing? I don't even know. Actually I stopped playing when
they put in phasing, which means like one card is in play for one turn and then you
have to skip the next one with that card. And then, so they phase and bullshit. Weird.
I'm sorry, Rob. My deck was black red. I would spawn thralls and throw fireballs and people
hated it. All right. This battle is happening. This must happen. You've got the white deck.
I've got the green deck. Fine. Whatever. I don't care. Well, you're holding the white
deck, so I'm just saying. But we need to set a time. Sealed deck tourney. All right. Sealed
deck tourney. And I haven't played in years. And they are sealed completely sealed. I will
take a picture and put it on the website so that you can see that they're sealed. How
about we do this on, what are you doing on Wednesday, Rob? Uh, I have to check with the
significant other, but I think I will be free. Bring the significant other. It's on. He's
going to think it's the dumbest thing. We're going to get sandwiches and a beer. No, not
beer. We're going to get sandwiches and lemonade and play magic. If this weekend wasn't birthday
slash pride slash whatever, I would say, let's do it this weekend. But, and then you're going
to Las Vegas the next week, huh? You're going to be gone. All right, we'll make it happen.
We'll figure something out behind the scenes. We are, this is going to be, it will be all
right. Uh, and of course the chat is very supportive of the whole magic, the gathering
sealed deck tournament. We should turn it into a drinking game. We've got the geekery
instead of 20 life points. We should have 20 shot glass. Rob, this is so fucking ridiculous.
Especially since how would you get your life back? You just, I don't know. Especially since
I haven't really wanted to play magic in forever. I just got the decks cause they were freaking
free. I thought I'd give them to somebody or we'd give them away on the show. How about
this? How about the winning deck is a giveaway or we'll just give all the cards away to somebody
who actually listens to our tournament show. All right, look, we're spending too much time
talking about a future project. We will look into that and do that later. Anyhow, um, let's
move on. We're going to kind of bring part a to a close here. Uh, getting into the classic
game of the week. But before we do that, actually let's get into some release dates. Um, we
like to travel the world and talk to you guys about what is coming out around the world.
And we'll start off with dark soccer with the UK release dates, whole crap ton of stuff.
Um, we have on the 23rd follow up three point lookout and then we've got on the 26th, the
whole bunch of stuff. Another code are a journey into lost memories. Um, Arma two, is that
it? Um, a dynasty warrior, six empires of fight night round four guitar hero, greatest
hits blah. Um, monster hunter, freedom unite overlord to overlord, dark legends, overlord
minions, and pretty, can I really be a hero and superstars VA racing.
Hmm, cool. Um, let's see, in the US, uh, we've actually got a little bit coming out this
week. Um, starting off, we've got, uh, monster hunter freedom unite on the PSP. That's a
pretty good game there. Uh, dynasty warriors, six empires coming out on PS3 and Xbox 360
this week. Uh, transformers revenge of the fallen coming out on pretty much all platforms
including two versions on the DS split up between autobots and decepticons to celebrate
the new movie coming out this week. Um, my healthy cooking coach for the DS and enhanced
for the DSi with, uh, lots of recipes. In fact, you get some exclusive recipes if you
have the DSi system. That is such bullshit. It is crap. Yes, it is. I am sorry, but that's
Ubisoft. You can thank Ubisoft for that. Um, overlord, overlord two coming out on PS3 and
Xbox 360. Um, overlord minions on DS and overlord dark legend on the Wii. And, um, also this
week, uh, resident evil archives. That's going to be, um, your first, uh, I guess port of
the resident evil games. You've got the first game now with the new Wii controls. Um, the
old GameCube port. And then Conduit, um, the Wii shooter game finally making its way out.
Fight Night round four coming out on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Um, Spore Galactic
Adventures, which actually doesn't look bad from, uh, the video that I saw talking about
the robot chicken stuff. And, um, that's coming out on PC. Uh, Discovery Kids Parrot Pals
is yet another, I don't know, sim game. Um, I wonder if you can make the parrots repeat
you in their parrot voice. That'd be kind of funny. Um, the PlayStation 2 is getting
a bundle of two of the PlayStation, um, portable ports for Grand Theft Auto. Um, Liberty City
Stories and Vice City Stories bundle coming out for 30 bucks retail. That's not too bad.
And, um, on DS some more schlock. Uh, Fashion Week Junior Designer coming from 505 Games.
And, um, Donna Discovery, a real time strategy game. Uh, that's coming out on the Wii and
I believe the DS. And... Classic Word Games, another one from Ubisoft, also enhanced for
the DSi. Um, that's coming out on DS. I just think that's a horrible thing to do to the
casual audience. I, I just, you know, not that these are games I would ever buy anyway.
I just think that's a mean thing to do to the casual audience. Especially when you're,
it's not like you're using the new hardware for this. You're, you're using, you know,
it's just plain and simple. It's all, all the enhancements, um, for like that cooking
game. It was 20 more recipes and you got to take your picture and put it in as the chef
picture or something like that. Now if that was the main enhancement then fine. That is
something that the DSi hardware can do that the DS just simply cannot do. But this whole
like withholding recipes or game, mini games or what have you, just sucks. Um, Shimagami
Tensei Devil Summoner on DS coming out this week. And, and lastly, Penya Fantasy Golf
on PSP will be making it out this week. And that is it. Let's go over to Japan who's had
a lot of weeks in a row of empty releases but actually there's a lot of stuff coming
out this week. On the Xbox 360, Blazblue or Blazblue, however you want to say that there,
is finally making its way out. I know that is definitely being looked forward to by fighting
game fans on the Xbox 360 in Japan. There's also a fighting stick to match that's coming
out with that by the way. Fight Night Round 4 makes its way to the Asian regions, not
just Japan but sometimes in this segment I also cover the rest of Asia. Um, also coming
out in Japan, Mamoru-kun wa Norawa Ete Shimata comes out as well. Which is, um, it's a port
from the arcades that, it's a shooter game that looks a lot like, um, Hikaruuga. But
I don't, I think it's different. More anime based. So, that's a shmup that's coming out.
Uh, that is coming out by the way from G-Rev is the company that's putting that out. Um,
also coming out on other systems, going over to the Playstation 3, Agarest Senki Zero comes
out in Japan from Idea Factory this week. And this is a type of like, it kind of looks
like a sim type of game mixed with a role playing game. Which could be kind of interesting.
But that is coming out over there on the Playstation 3. As well as another version of BlazBlue
and Fight Night Round 4 also making its way to the Asian regions. So it's pretty much
matches the Xbox 360 dates pretty well. But they also have one other game, Rorona no Atelier
Arland no Renken Sushi comes out. And that is on several different types of box sets
and so forth. And I do see that this guy is using like magical sushi in a role playing
type of format there. So, I think that's gotta be based on some other type of series over
there. The game looks very stylish though, I will give it that. It looks kind of neat.
Coming out on some other systems on the Nintendo Wii, Wii Sports Resort, by the way, is coming
out this week in Japan. That's a pretty big deal. Yeah, so that is coming out in Japan
and that's really the only thing of note over there. I'm gonna skip past Playstation 2 dates
and go straight to the Nintendo DS. Fushugi Yugi gets a game on the DS this week. There's
a Fushugi Yugi game? On the DS this week. Let me see. Bringing up some picture in studio
to satisfy Dark Sakura. Oh dear god. There it is. Oh, it looks like it's kind of a sim
type. Yeah, definitely looks like a sim. Fushugi Yugi is two romantic adventures combined into
one DS card. Become the Miko destined to save a nation from calamity and meet all the handsome
bodyguards along the way. The fans who have read the manga may already know who the heroines
end up with, but now with you and the Miko's robes, you don't have to end things the way
the anime or manga did. That sounds kind of fun. Too bad I can't read any of it. So it's
kind of like reverse dating sim because now you get to date boys. There you go. That'd
be fun if that one got a release over here, but I doubt it. And the game, I like the name
of this game. It's a game called Really? Really? DS. That is the name of it. Really? It should
be Oh Really? Maybe that'll be the American release and instead of about two girls, it'll
be about an owl. Although that would be a completely different game altogether. Although
from what I understand, Scribblenauts has the Oh Really? Owl in it. Sweet. All the more
reason to buy it. You remember we told Bobby about it. Oh no, you weren't there. I told
him to go try it the last day and I know he talked about it in his show and I told him
do lolcats. It's funny. And I guess he tried the Oh Really? Owl and it actually worked.
So there you go. Quickly on the PSP, I want to mention, memories off after rain comes
out as well as Noko Aozora Nyakisuko Tenohira no Rakuen comes out in Japan. And the cover
art is this girl kneeling in the beach, reaching for your hand. It's probably another dating
sim. Oh yeah, there's two people. No, three people in bed together. What is that? No,
it's probably a family. It's a family baby. It's not that hot. Alright. Looks like a dating
sim. Alright, so there you go. The best dating sims have three people in bed at once. By
the way, the Fushugi Yugi got a big rise out of the chat room. What? Yes, indeed. There
it is. Alright, hey, we're gonna close out part A and get into part B tonight. We just
had a mention of the Tokimeki Memorial, which is like the big dating sim series. And yeah,
there is one for girls. It's called Tokimeki Memorial Girl Side. I do believe it's called
Girl Side. Alright, well, I stand corrected, but there's so many of those freaking dating
sims. Alright, let's get into a little piece of gaming history here. It's the segment of
the show where we have Dark Sakura open up the gaming archive and pick out a game that
she thinks, you know what, time has neglected this game. Well, not always. Actually, sometimes
time has treated the game very well. But she says, you know what, we need to take a minute
from all these current games we're playing right now and take a minute to respect the
classics. It's called our Classic Game of the Week. Dark Sakura's gonna pick a game
and share it with you all right now. The Classic Game of the Week. This is a very interesting
game called Silhouette Mirage. And I'm surprised I haven't done this one before. Actually,
I think I haven't done it because I thought I had done it before. So, cue music. Yes,
ma'am, here's some clip from Silhouette Mirage. This is actually from the Saturn version,
which is the one that I really want most of all. It has really good music, by the way.
It's a game that's put out by Treasure. And it was initially on the Sega Saturn and then
had a Playstation release. Well, the Saturn Japanese release was in 1997 and then came
out in 98 on Playstation. And then Working Designs brought out the Playstation version
later, actually on December 31st, 1999, which I have that version. And honestly, after playing
the Saturn version, the Saturn version is better. But that's what happens with a lot
of Saturn's Playstation versions. Anyway, you basically play through the game where
you have different sorts of natures. One is Silhouette, one is Mirage. And so you actually
play as a character that has both of those attributes and can play them. I don't know
if you can see in the movie file, Rob. Yeah, she's like flip it from blue to red. Yeah,
when she moves one way, she's red. And when she moves the other, she's blue. That's kinda
interesting. Well, it's very similar to Gunstar Heroes in how it plays. But you have to really
make sure that you're the same type of matches, which actually in the Japanese version, you
can't absorb it, but you can in the U.S. one. And then you also have to make sure that you're
attacking with the opposite type of whatever the creature you're fighting is. So, it's
really, really difficult. I mean, it's seriously. But then again, treasure games are freaking
difficult. So basically, the main character is called Shina Nera Shina, which I thought
they did something stupid to it in the U.S., so I'm not even gonna bother with that. So,
she's very little, and she has both aspects to her. And so basically, she is basically
the one who they're picking to go out and, you know, fight all the baddy baddies. And
then you have to, you work for a computer called Gehenna that keeps you updated on everything.
Then you have to fight all of the silhouettes and the mirages and, you know, fight the bad
guys and make it through the game. And you actually get beings that will help you out
that are based off the seven deadly sins. Sins. You get sloth, you get lusty, angry,
gluttony, envy, covetous, and pride. And they help you along the way with different projectile
type attacks. So, there's also some different modes in the PlayStation one. You actually
have some other things. You have the Reaper and Galoob bosses that are only in the PlayStation
version. And so they actually modified the story, added a new dialogue, new levels, another
ending. And they were intended for the Saturn version, but the rumor is that they let the
Saturn version out and all that was in it. Also, for the, they made it harder for the
American version, which I think was really freaking hard. They made it harder. Seriously,
harder. What you're seeing there, Rob, is easy. They made it hard. I really suck at
the PlayStation American one. You also have a debug mode. You have Super Core Fighter
2, which you can play between Shaina and Zohar, one of the other characters. They also, of
course, edited some of the sprites in the game. Like, one of them, a character's cigarette
was replaced with a gloved hand, you know, instead of holding a cigarette. And a burning
cross was replaced with a dragon. So, but that is classic treasure.
Another treasure to add to our pile in the classic game of the week, but they did do
some great games. I mean, if you want to look at the things Treasure's given us, Gunstar
Heroes, Doki Doki Mischief Mage Curse, Bongayo, Ikaruga, Radiant Silver Gun, seriously, Treasure
is like, they're aptly named. All right. Well, there you go, your classic
game of the week, Silhouette Mirage, available on the Saturn, or if you were in for a challenge,
the PlayStation. So, there you go. That's going to do it for this part A of our show,
but we've got plenty more show when we come back, including our part B tonight. We have
the rapid fire news. We have some other discussion topics we're going to get into, and of course,
your emails at Mailbag at OrangeloungeRadio.com. We will be back right after a quick break
with more of Orange Lounge Radio. Stay tuned, guys.
And welcome back, everybody, here on this lovely Sunday evening, June the 21st of 2009,
for part B of Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 328. We tape live every week on AllGames.com,
available at Radio.AllGames.com, and we put out our podcast every week as well, getting
back on the ball with that, so you lovely people that listen to us on the podcast can
stay on top of our show, although if you've never joined us for a live experience, you
really need to set a date, because it's a lot of fun, and when you can participate in
our chat room and call in and all that good stuff, Chat.OrangeloungeRadio.com, or our
telephone, 1-877-GAME-OLR. We have been getting a lot of phone calls tonight, but I imagine
we probably will later during open bar topics. Anyhow, I do want to point out tonight, we
have a list list coming up, and the list list question we're going to do tonight, we haven't
done this segment in a while, I'll explain how it works in a little bit, but for you
long time OLR listeners, you probably haven't heard us do one of these in a while. It's
been a while. We're actually stealing the question this week from Kotaku, who had an
interview with Reggie Fils-Aime, and they were doing this whole little chain question
thing, so basically Reggie Fils-Aime actually got to ask the listeners something. In the
same vein of Team Ninja working with Nintendo to reimagine Metroid, what development group
would you like to see partner and collaborate with Nintendo, and what franchise? So basically,
to make it short, dream developer, dream franchise, but a Nintendo franchise. We're going to be
getting into that a little later, and if you want to vote and participate in tonight's
list list and have a say, Chat.OrangeloungeRadio.com is the place to be. Meanwhile, we're going
to get into some rapid fire news, some topics that we're not going to talk a lot about,
but we wanted to let you know what's going on anyway. Dar-Sakura, what's the rapid fire
news tonight? Well, for our friends over in the UK, if this is actually until July 3rd,
you can get a gold subscription to Xbox Live for basically one pound. And then, of course,
you know, afterwards you can pay a regular price if you want to keep it. But seriously,
one quid for one month, that's not bad. Good way to get your foot in the door. Pretty much,
see how you like it. Also, some games coming out, WiiWare and DSiWare. We actually have
Let's Catch, which is put out by Yuji Naka. It's to go along with Let's Tap, so it's catching
that game. And then we have Ikarian Kindred Spirits, where you play as a little winged
girl called Nyx, who is trying to find Icarus. So. Aren't we all trying to find the sequel
to Icarus? Nay, you know, it could, I don't know if it's tied in, but hey, if it is, that
would be sweet. And then DSiWare gets a game called a little bit of Dr. Kawashima's Brain
Training Maths Edition. So, it's math. Which means I won't be getting this freaking game.
It's 810 points, by the way. And then, last but not least, we have Mass Effect for iPhone,
which is a side story. Actually, there was an NDA leak that came out last month. One
of the testers blurted out all this crap. So basically, it's not a bridging story, it's
just a little side story about one of the Mass Effect 2 characters. So, it's just like
a little fun option game. So, hey. That's it. Well, there's some interesting stuff coming
out actually on TV. You may remember Penn & Teller's show Bullshit. Well, they are taking
on JT Voldemort and talking about the evils of video games and violence and all that stuff.
If you're interested in watching it, the episode will be available on July 9th is when it's
supposed to air. You were talking about one of my favorite shows ever, by the way. Coming
to Xbox Live Arcade in Japan. Garou, the Mark of the Wolves. Of course, SNK's arcade fighting
game and I'm sure it'll probably make its way over here at some point probably soon.
So that'll be available for 800 Microsoft points as well. And of course, the game was
originally released back in Japan in 1999 and in the US's Fatal Fury Mark of the Wolves.
That is the Final Fail Fury title. And last week we had a new Wii game come out and this
is talking about a throwback to the old laser disc days. But Digital Leisure has a live
action shooter game you may remember as Mad Dog McCree. They had three games in that series
and all three of those are available for $19.99 and one new pack for the Wii, Mad Dog McCree's
one slinger pack, which includes Mad Dog McCree, Mad Dog 2 The Lost Gold, and The Last Bounty
Hunter. So very interesting and old school crappiness. Another game that's going to be
heading its way to the Wii as well. Can I say though, those Mad Dog McCree games are
really trying to bank in on the nostalgia of those laser gun games and how cool they
were at the time because it was like OMG video. But by today's standards, please. And they
are $20 for all three games. So if you are really willing to buy it, I would suggest
waiting for it to really hit the bargain bin. I guess that's a cool value but still. A new
Monkey Ball trademark has been discovered and I guess based on the title, people are
assuming it's going to be using the new. God, it just wouldn't be a week if I didn't have
the wrong music in the wrong time. I can't stop it. There we go. Thank you. It's cursed!
The song is cursed. Apparently. Much like the game Super Monkey Ball, which now they've
got a new one coming out, Step and Roll, which people think, oh Step, the Wii Balance Board.
But hey, who doesn't like to whore out the Wii Balance Board? So that game will probably be coming soon.
From Sega. And then, that's it. I have a few stories I want to cover here real quick and
rapid fire news as well. We just started off with the story about the iPhone and Commodore
64 apparently has been ported over to the iPhone, which isn't much of a surprise. There's
other emulators as well. But here's the thing. Apparently, Manomio is the folks that put
this thing together, a Commodore 64 app on the iPhone. They did this together with a
Danish studio. Apparently, you can actually run this whole thing on your iPhone. But guess
what? Apple has rejected it because an application may not itself install or launch other executable
code by any means. That is something that is in the developer's kit. So, they're gonna
have to find a way around this if they want this app to come out on the phone. Or they
may have to do game by game or something. I don't know what. Apparently, Space Invaders
Extreme is gonna be getting some download content. It's Xbox Live Arcade's version,
of course. Gonna be getting some extra stages and some things. There you go. It's 240 Microsoft
points. I guess you get some original reimagining of the original Space Invaders and Space Invaders
2. That's a pretty good price. 240 points for two games and some download content. Not
much at all. That's not the price for Space Invaders Extreme, mind you. That is the price
of the add-on content. So, there you go. Also, Splatterhouse not coming out in 2009. Did
you even know they were remaking Splatterhouse? I mean, we've had a million stories on it
in the show. Yeah. But it seems like this is the new Duke Nukem Forever. But apparently
it is now coming out in 2010. Or so they say. I thought Duke Nukem Forever was cancelled,
finally. I don't know if we ever get the final word on that or not. I think it's still in
limbo. Because somebody could technically still take the code. Because wouldn't the
publisher now own the code? That's true. That's true. And get somebody else to finish it and
call it a done deal. It could happen. It could happen. Alright, we're gonna take some time
now to bring up your emails. Every week we let you guys send us emails. Mailbag at Orange
Orange Radio dot com and we respond to them live on air. In fact, that's what we're gonna
do right now. Dark Soccer, take it away. Alpha Cananagram must have been bored. We got an
email with the title, You Suck. And then the inside it says, I love Puyo Puyo Wee. Is Puyo
Puyo on the Wee? No. Wee. When you refer to yourself and other people. I know, I get it.
And then from MesoSky we have, Hey, I have been noticing that the majority of MMORPGs
are either science fiction or medieval fantasy. Do you ever think we will see MMORPGs that
are westerns, 1980s, or even modern era? Dude, we have. There was Matrix. Do you think that
people are attracted- That's sort of sci-fi. Yeah, that is more sci-fi, but we're in a
modern environment. Do you think people are attracted to an MMORPG that has been done
countless times before? There actually are pirate based MMOs. Puzzle Pirates. No, there
actually was one that I played a little bit of at PAX last year. Where you could play
a pirate and rape the booty. Um, what about, did they mention Star Trek has an MMO coming
out? That's Ace or Eve. Oh, it's science fiction. Yeah, science fiction or medieval
fantasy. Something else outside the box. Anything western? Disney has a couple MMOs out there
based on their products, but they're a little- You know Disney stars are genetically engineered
in a lab, right? Isn't there a Pirates of the Caribbean? Yeah, there is. But the thing
about those games, you can't type text in them. You have pre-determined phrases that
you can say because obviously they have to keep it family safe. So you don't have mean
people in there typing fuck shit piss cock unless that is a pre-selected phrase. They
also have all the adult MMOs. That's true, you can always try to find an adult MMO. Well,
like the Red Light District one? You're gonna have to face it, the fantasy and sci-fi ones
are by far the most popular, at least right now. Yep. Last one, and it comes from Marin.
Okay, ready? It's long. Hey guys, I didn't get to call in, but I wanted to touch on two
subjects that were discussed during last week's episode. First Rob mentioned that some people
are complaining about how DJ Hero is just a rip-off of Beatmania 2DX. I believe that
Rob protested the idea, saying they're completely different. I'd like to think it's something
like this. DJ Hero is to Beatmania 2DX as Guitar Hero is to Guitar Freaks. You could
very well say that these two games, Beatmania and Guitar Freaks, are the original music
games and that games like DJ and Guitar Hero are knock-offs, but I think it's more than
that. Konami music games have never been widely popular except in their own small niches and
followings. I think we're fortunate that game development companies like Harmonix are able
to see the potential of these music games and find ways to Americanize them because
it makes these games more accessible and likable to US customers. I know about a dozen people
who play or have played Guitar Freaks, but I only have one friend who hasn't played Guitar
Hero or Rock Band. Perhaps DJ Hero is similar to Beatmania 2DX, but it will definitely be
something that is more accessible to a Western audience. I for one am happy that DJ Hero
is joining the ranks of other music games like Guitar Hero and Rock Band because the
success of DJ Hero will only bring us that much closer to having an Americanized keyboard
mania game and I personally will be the first person to stand in line to pre-order Piano
Hero Elton John. Yes. Who's surprised? I would say, well I was going to say the better comparison
I think would be Guitar Freaks and Guitar Hero and then probably Beatmania and Kraken
DJ. Because, you know, Kraken DJ, it's kind of a beat matching game, but it's very different
than Beatmania. Well, I have my own thoughts, but let me wait until the email is done. Well,
also I did just get a note in saying that AlphaKananagram says that wasn't him, but
an imposter. Whatever. Whatever. Okay. Honestly, I don't really care. I thought it was funny.
Finally, I just wanted to touch on the idea of the new PS3 remote. To make a long story
short, the idea of the PS3 remote makes me think of the Super Scope 6, a pretty nifty
idea in theory, complete fail and execution. Take care and have fun gaming, Marin. PS Dark
Soccer, if you come to Las Vegas from July 1st through 7th, I will give you a dollar.
Hey, guess what? I'm going to Las Vegas from July 1st through the 7th. You win a dollar.
Congrats. How about buy me a soda? You should put that dollar in a slot machine and win
a hundred. Alright. I don't gamble. I'm going to play bimball. I agree with some of the
email and I disagree with some of it. I agree with the fact that Harmonix has done great
things for music games over here. Let's not forget they did create the original Guitar
Hero as well as Rock Band. Harmonix rocks and I don't, you know, they did what Konami
was too pussy to do basically and for that they deserve to be commended and get praised
lavished upon them. So thank you. From a music game fan like myself, you have to understand.
There you go. However, the part I disagree with is the comparison about DJ Hero and the
Guitar Freaks, Guitar Hero thing. I get that and I think we're, here's the thing. I bet
that's the same thing we're going to hear on G4 and for a lot of these networks and
stuff, but I don't think it's a real good comparison. Like, I would use the Guitar Hero,
Guitar Freaks comparison in trying to describe like DDR and In the Groove maybe a little
bit. Although, you know, both games were, you know, guitars where you held down buttons
and strummed the thing in time with it. The thing that's different for me is that that's
not really what's happening with DJ Hero is that because you not only have the buttons,
but you have the scratching and the crossfader is really big as well. And it's different
than it is in 2DX because the whole crossfading leads to a style of gameplay that to me looks
more like amplitude in a way. 2DX is more, yeah like where the scratching was just a
replacement of another button basically. Yeah, exactly. And for me, 2DX just feels like it's
just DDR but using buttons instead of your feet, which is ironic because BeatMania came
before DDR, but that's really what it is. Like it's just, it's another way of reading
music in a way. I think a better comparison would be to say Street Fighter 2 vs Tekken.
They're both fighting games, but they're completely different characters. Yeah, exactly. That's
what I'm saying is that DJ Hero and BeatMania 2DX, they're both music games, they both involve
turntables. Well, they're really different. And then also, you know, they're just like
Kraken DJ, ooh. When games started coming out and stuff, more fighting games, everyone
was like, oh, it's a Street Fighter ripoff. And I think we're gonna kinda go through this
phase right now with Guitar Hero and these music games because everyone's gonna say,
oh, it's a ripoff. But really, it's just another music game. But, I mean, we got into it elsewhere
on the show though as well is that, you know, now they're charging a premium price for it
and I think that's gonna be a little bit damaging. Let's also not forget though, one thing that
is interesting is that DJ Hero is not being made by Harmonix. Something to kinda keep
in mind. Harmonix is not making DJ Hero. But that's kinda cool that other developers now,
it's not just Harmonix has to make all our music games. But they, yeah, the other developer,
you know, is the one that did, you know, was B-Boy. They did that game, which is another
sort of music rhythm game with dancing involved and stuff like that. But they kinda have that
whole style that they, you know, kinda brought with them and stuff and their influences with
that. I don't know, I think it looks cool. I'm willing to check it out. I think you might
have missed a point too is that she wasn't saying that, um, that DJ Hero is like 2DX.
It pertains to 2DX in the way that Guitar Hero pertained to Guitar Freaks. Not that
they're the same type, not that they're the same type of game, but it's, they're different.
It's the Americanized, improved version, basically. It's tailored to a different audience. And
newer. I can see that to a point, it's just so different than it felt when we were talking
about Guitar Hero or Guitar Freaks. Because I think when a lot of us looked at Guitar
Hero the first time, a lot of us jumped to that whole, oh, it's Guitar Freaks. But now
that we're seeing, like, DJ Hero, I don't know, I don't see 2DX at all. It's just that
the basic influence is there. Okay. I could go with that. But I would say it's fair to
say that it also gets its influence from Guitar Hero, clearly. You know? So I think it gets
its influence from a lot of different music games. But anyway, I don't know, I think we
might be getting outside of the realm that Emo was trying to say. However, I do agree
with the point that it's a great thing that we are getting new music games in the first
place. And all it took was somebody taking that risk. Showing that Guitar Hero, a game
like that, would be popular in the first place. So there you go. So does that do it for the
mailbag? That be it, sir. Arr. Alright. If you want to send us more emails, mailbag at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send your emails. We do have a segment here where
we read those. Also, we do some interactive stuff through our Twitter. So if you don't
have us at it on Twitter yet, you should do that at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're going
to get back into some long discussion topics. And we also have tonight's list-less coming
up. But let's do some discussion first. So Loki, start us off. Of course. So of course
we know the new trend now with expanding these consoles is kind of reinventing the interface
and adding new features and stuff. One thing that seems to be very popular, though, is
web to TV streaming. And with Netflix on the Xbox 360 plus Microsoft's own video service,
same thing with the PlayStation Network where you can stream movies as well. Actually, apparently
Instat, a marketing analysis group, published a report this week basically examining how
this web to TV streaming is consumed by people out there. And they found that the majority
of it is coming actually from console owners. They said 29% of U.S. console owners between
the ages of 25 and 34 currently use their consoles to stream video to their televisions.
And yeah, I can see that. I use it for streaming video and files and stuff like that. Plus
I've also downloaded TV episodes and stuff like that on there. So it is popular. It's
convenient. Here's my question. What's the competition besides game consoles? Apple TV?
Are they comparing it to Apple TV? Or are they comparing it to these Netflix boxes that
you can buy that are just stand-alone like Netflix devices that I've heard of? Digital
media adapters, set-top boxes like Apple TV, Blu-ray players, web-connected HD TVs, and
I guess media center PCs. That's odd that they throw Blu-ray players into that. What?
I guess web-enabled stuff. Maybe they're talking about like, you know how you can get those
bonuses on. Oh yeah, like you can go into the BD Live and get all the user commentary
and all that stuff. I can't figure out. That's too complicated for a normal person to use.
I'm sorry. But that BD Live stuff with doing all the custom commentary stuff, too complicated.
If they want people to actually use that, they need to make it easier to figure out
how to use that stuff. Because as it is, I was trying to figure out how to do that. And
you have to like go onto this website, put in your serial number, record a commentary.
Then it would be available on the BD Live, but it's only available to the people you
put on your friends list that have you on their friends list. And it's not even one
universal system. It's by company. So like universal Blu-ray has their own thing. Warner
Brothers Blu-ray has their own thing. Stupid. It's a mess. Stupid, stupid, stupid. It's
a big hot effing mess. They need to standardize it if they want people to use that stuff.
So I'll tell you right there, that's why Blu-ray is losing that web stuff. Because
there are some pretty neat things being done with Blu-ray. Like I randomly bought the WALL-E
Blu-ray and there's this mode on there. It's like a giant couch basically. And everybody's
watching WALL-E at the same time. So like you join this giant chat room basically if
people are watching WALL-E. But it's not really a chat room. They don't show messages
or anything like that. Because you know somebody would just be on there typing penis, penis,
penis the whole time. But what they do, they do these weird like polls. Like a little thing
will pop up on the screen like press this button if you saw WALL-E in the theater. Press
this button if you didn't see it until it came out on Blu-ray or whatever. And like
people vote and it shows you the results. These weird little interactive things that
I think just need some time to be good. It's neat. I kind of looked at it going, that's
kind of a neat feature. I wish they could do something more useful with it. Well here's
what I think would be pretty cool is you know how with Blu-ray and stuff you can do full
Java programming with it. Interactive like board games or like you know TV show things
like that. Trivia games I think would be pretty cool because you could actually program that
stuff in there. And you know how before with like a DVD you'd have like some sort of crazy
menu system and paths and stuff that would go for that. You can actually program a pretty
decent game. TigerKlonChat says the BD Live stuff is cool. My only gripe is the video
extras they offer aren't full screen. I see I've yet to even really figure out how to
get the video extras or I don't know what, oops, I don't know what DVD, what, sorry I
got distracted with chat stuff. I don't know what Blu-rays even have the extras. Maybe
I don't know anything about it. Well the problem is I think with the BD Live stuff is you're
talking about a Blu-ray player you know trying to stream that content. That Blu-ray player
I mean it's got something to decode you know obviously the data that's on the disk but
it's not a strong processor. You're not going to be able to compare it to like a PC or something
where you can just download stuff. And so obviously because of bandwidth issues I mean
who knows what people, what kind of bandwidth people are on so you got to make it really
small in order to you know kind of do that extra stuff. I love the idea of recording
your own commentary to go with movies because I would totally, you know there would be so
many people that would MST3K that and Rocky Horror Picture Show that stuff but I want
it to be available like for anybody to go on and access. I don't want to have to like
add friends and stuff. I really wish they'd centralized that stuff because I love the
idea I would totally do it. They do. Rift Tracks. Rift Tracks has. That's not built into
a Blu-ray player. I know. They should. They should. It would be awesome. And I'm being
told the Transformers Blu-ray has new BD Live content featuring footage from the new Transformers
movie plus some deleted scenes from the first one that just went released this week. Well
that would explain why I don't have it because I don't have the Transformers Blu-ray. I thought
about that. I got it on HD. Ah. There you go. We all got screwed for that so there you
go. Sg100Matt makes an interesting comment in chat. I'm buying a Blu-ray player for my
dad for his birthday this week. I really don't see why he would want any of this besides
I don't feel like showing him how to use it. You know honestly I'm a Blu-ray player or
a PS3. I don't use any of this extra content. In fact I couldn't care less about like these
interactive things where I can go on and chat with the producers and stuff. Who cares? It's
a damn DVD. If I want to chat with producers and stuff I'll go on the internet. Ah. It's
a Blu-ray. Blu-ray DVD or whatever. It doesn't matter. It's just I'm looking for basically
the same content that's on a DVD but maybe in a higher resolution or added more content
added on there instead of having to have four discs or something like that. You know just
all in one disc. Would be nice. Back to the original part of the story. The whole Netflix
thing. What is the I guess central part of this? I mean are they trying to say that this
is just showing that game devices are actually becoming entertainment hubs and all these
other types of things that will only do entertainment or being rejected? I think they're surprised
that you know for something that's you know streaming from the web that the consoles you
know I guess they're saying basically that you know video the television streaming is
putting pressure on traditional cable providers and will eventually restructure today's video
distribution ecosystem. They're saying that game consoles are at the forefront of this
new direction. So basically they're saying you know eventually everything's gonna go
the kind of you know digital streaming you know that physical media is gonna go away
or at least that's what they're claiming and that leading the way of this transition is
game consoles. That sounds pretty cool. I'm looking at some comments from chat. Tigerclaw
talks about the particular Blu-ray player he has. I have a Sony BDP-S350 which supports
BD Live. The BD Live only works on it as long as you have a USB thumb drive connected on
the back. I wonder how many people would even think to do that you know. There's so many
people that just need it to work right out of the box. The Rob D says I don't know when
the last time I listened to a director commentary was but Tigerclaw follows that up with I love
listening to directors commentary so I guess it really depends on the person. So kind of
interesting. Yeah. SSG100Matt closes this thought. It's a gimmick is what it is. Interesting
story on Netflix kind of turned into this whole Blu-ray discussion but I think that
Blu-ray thing is something that will continue to evolve. I think the smart thing that has
been built into it is funny. It's something I was critical of Sony on earlier. I was critical
on Sony about this and that is that Sony does not manage to evolve usually and that's why
Microsoft's beating them but now it appears they are evolving and where it comes to Blu-ray.
For more updates. That's where it comes down to. So now you can create a new feature and
everybody can now have that feature. Alright well let's move on to another topic and talk
a little bit about something else is going on a PlayStation 3 right now. It was a hamster
versus human dance off in PlayStation home. Yes you heard me right this Saturday this
past Saturday there was a hamsters versus humans dance off that happened. I just want
to point out it's not April 1st. It is the middle of June and I don't know what the hell
this was for although apparently like the winning faction would determine what type
of free gear everybody in home would get. So apparently like the fedoras and aviators
would be one if the humans won and if the hamsters won Viking and Valkyrie helmets would
have been given. Now joystick posters. Sorry I was very loud I apologize for that. But
I'm just watching this mass orgy of people dancing and some of them look like furries
because they're hamsters. I think the most important information that we got out of this
is that there's hamster costumes in home and that's scary now because now there's furries
in home. Well I think my initial reaction when I watched this video and kind of everything
that's going on here is what the fucking fuck is this fucking bull fuck fuck. I mean really
what is this. Is this that what we imagine PlayStation home was going to be when they
unveiled it at gamer developers conference last year. I mean is this the innovation that
they were looking forward to do in home. Really. This is just Second Life. OK this is the kind
of crap that happens in Second Life. It's not that I have a problem with the stupidity
of the whole thing but it was on the official Sony PlayStation blog and I'm just kind of
like really. These are the events I have to look forward to in home. What is the fucking
point. Really. Home being used to broadcast the Sony PlayStation conference during E3.
That was a great use of home. That was smart. That was cool. And having everybody in that
place they could view it hamsters versus humans. And it doesn't look like there was a good
turnout for that either. I mean it's just like maybe 50 people. Well I apparently was
server by server too. Oh a lot of people. You know what though. You log into home there's
a lot of people using it. I just don't know what they're doing. I have yet to figure that
out. Wait waiting in lines for a game. I guess there are some why you have to wait in line
to play a game. It's a fucking virtual world. You can play the game whenever the hell you
want. Why do I have to wait in line to play a virtual game. That's stupid. Because it's
more like real life I guess. Tiger Claw says home is also being used for Q&A's with the
directors and stars of big movies. Alright that's neat I guess. A little unnecessary
but I guess they do it in Second Life too. It's a little something more special than
a chat room because you can actually see the director or the special person in front of
you. And do the running man as a hamster. Or guinea pig or whatever the hell. Yeah.
S2100 Matt says why couldn't Jack Trenton talk about this lol. My gosh. Hey this is
Sony's best kept secret. No not really. Some folks say Rob D says waiting in line immerses
you in the virtual world. It adds a new level of realism. Zappi says waiting in lines is
very social. You know I don't know. Well I don't know. It's hard for me to say because
I don't know what types of things people say on home really. I don't pay attention to a
lot of the dialogue. But I can't imagine people are going to be as cordial online as they
are in real life. Like when you're standing in line at Disneyland maybe you'll strike
up conversation with people around you. Maybe. I don't know. I usually don't because I strike
up conversation with the people that are with me. But okay we are being social because I'm
with people. But A in home you don't really have that. You know everybody goes to home
by themselves. And B when people can hide behind their monitors they do stupid shit
that they wouldn't do in real life. So I don't think people would say hurry the fuck up at
Disneyland as much as they would say you know in Sony home. I don't know. I say hurry the
fuck up all the time at Disneyland. Yeah but you're not really saying it to a child. Well
maybe you are. I don't know. But yeah I just. What I want to tell some of the parents there
is to watch your fucking children maybe. I don't know. Just when I saw this whole thing
you know granted if I don't like it I just shouldn't play it. But I'm just looking at
this going really. Really this is what home has become. I can understand if it was like
some sort of thing that like bloggers or whatever decided hey let's do this. This is funny.
I wouldn't have even reported on it. Yeah. In that case but it was on the official PlayStation
blog. And I'm like and with a with a little poster markup and everything. And I don't
know if that's kind of like just giving in or conceding to what home has become. But
if you want me to have this be I turn on my PlayStation and the first thing I see is home
and then I walk up to this if I want to launch a game or I have my trophy case and all this
stuff. I mean really. This is not the way to sell at me that this is ever going to be
a reality. Yeah well to launch or launch in the home and you know view your trophy case
coming 2010. It's just. It's on the horizon Rob. You have to understand that the new peer
use of home. It's coming. Oh well it'll be there eventually. Don't worry. We'll have
a firm launch date that we won't stick to but it will come. I'm so sorry. How how could
I ever doubt Sony especially after the amazing hardware that was the PlayStation 2. How dare
I how dare I be skeptical. All I have to say is bring on the games. I'm kind of glad part
of me thinks if I'd seen this earlier I would have actually logged in to check it out and
then once I was there I would have been like what the hell am I doing with my life. You
know slash rest slash rest. But oh well they need PVP in home or just maybe a game somewhere
there I don't know. PVP PVP better. It would be cool if like I could actually walk up to
somebody and it was very easy to start a game but I don't know at the same time maybe finding
my friends list in a home would be a place to start like maybe a section of home that
only my friends list can access or friends of friends can access. I would love that like
a section where I only see friends and friends of friends and then can start up really easy
quick games with them. So that would be like an empty room with me and Bobby. Pretty much.
When you guys actually have your systems on. Yes that's what it would be. Alright anyhow
let's move on I know we got some more news we have list list coming up in just a little
bit but Dark Soccer's got one more story for us before we get into that. I do. Well as
a matter of fact I do. And this is actually something that I think is really really cool.
Namco Museum Essentials is coming to Playstation Home in July which looks like we'll be getting
Pac-Man, Galaga, Dig Dug, Dragon Spirit, Xevious and a 1080p quote re-envisioned Xevious Resurrection
which is pretty cool. So you get your trophies, leaderboards, blah blah blah. But it's more
Namco and that's always happy. But the important thing to note about this is it's in home.
Yeah it's in home. That's strange. Like so am I going to have to buy this is this home
going to be the only place I can play this Xevious re-imaging? I doubt it for very long.
So you buy the game and then you have to wait in line to play your own game that you just
bought? Surely it can't be like that. Maybe it goes in your own house. That would make
sense if you buy this game and it goes in the house you own. Can other friends play
it? Or is it going to be so? You can invite friends in your home can't you? Yeah. But
it's just so it's like honestly I have to be honest. I don't really know how to do that.
Like one thing Sony could do is make this whole thing easier. You know what I mean?
Yeah. Like okay Facebook bejeweled. Tons of people play bejeweled on Facebook right? I
don't know about your friends, but my friends, tons of people play. You know why they all
play? Because when one person plays and they get a good score they click a button and it
publishes to their profile. I'm playing this game. Come play with me by clicking here.
That's how easy it is. If they want home to be like this central place that everybody
it needs to be that easy. And I'm sure I have listeners that are like Rob all you have to
do is open up the menu. I'm like no no no. You're not hearing what I'm saying. It needs
to be easier than that. If you want more than just the real hardcore gamers to be in on
this. It needs to be like Xbox 360 where I click the you know the guide button. Go to
my friend and say invite them to game. Or invite them to my home or invite them into
my house. Invite to house to see what's up. Exactly. Exactly right. That's exactly what
needs to happen. So I don't know though as far as the Namco thing goes I guess that's
pretty cool. But I guess this could be the start of where we really start to see now
maybe the full intention of home. If you want to call it that. I don't know. The cash in
on stuff. Sounds good to me. I guess. I'll check it out for sure. I mean hey homes free.
So despite all the crap I give it. It's free. It's hard to bitch about something that's
free I found a way to do it anyway. But if I go in there and some of these games are
available for free I'll check it out. If I have to pay for some of them I don't know
because you know these Namco games. I'm sorry but how many freaking times do these games
come out on how many different systems at this point. Like I'm not paying for Pac-Man
again. I don't know. I think this would be kind of cool. Given some of the things we
know about this collection. Is this is the same thing I think it is. I don't know. Yeah
I don't know if it is. I don't know. May I mean there might be some cool stuff but we'll
see. And hopefully you know the Xevious thing does sound cool. I'll give it that. The Xevious
thing sounds pretty cool. I want to check it out. I really want to play it. Actually
I really really want to play it because I love Xevious. Actdeft in our chatroom points
out Yaris was free too and we all know how that turned out. So there you go. Marin in
chat makes a very good point. Home in real life is where you're lazy. Home for Playstation
3 should be lazy friendly too. Exactly my point. And RPGKing7 says it has to be stupid
friendly. It does. It does. You know if we want our parents and you know some of our
friends who aren't as into gaming. You know you all know this. You all have a friend who
thinks video games are kind of fun but doesn't really play an awful lot of them. But they
might own a next gen system that they you know play Madden or a role playing game on
one spot. You know what. They wouldn't know how to use a lot of this stuff. They need
to take I think examples. What they need to do is kind of learn from MMOs and what people
do in their downtime of MMOs. I think home should add fishing because there's plenty
of fishing going on in Final Fantasy 11. And you know what. That's something you can do
by yourself and just kick back. Actually what about something like item synthesis or professions.
I know it sounds stupid but imagine if you could like make your own shirts and things.
Within reason like I'm not saying put your own designs on it because everybody will walk
around with a shirt saying fuck or topless mods such as pictures of boobs and things
like that. But I'm saying like you know people could collect items in home and then build
stuff. And then maybe even like sell them for fake money. I don't know. But then I'm
turning home into an MMO and I guess that's not his intention. But all right. Let's move
on to another topic and we're going to get into some listless for tonight. And I'm excited
because we haven't done listless in a long time here on the show. And I need to find
the music though. Shame on me. I didn't have the music queued up already. We have music
that goes with listless. And it's a remake of a familiar tune. There we go. The music
for listless. All right. The way listless works folks if you've never heard this segment
before on Orange Lounge Radio we've been doing it ever since the very beginning because this
is a segment I used to do on my college radio show. So it gives you an idea like how old
this is. All right. So here it is. We're going to take a topic and then we are each here
in studio going to give our top four for that topic. Yes we've changed things up a little
bit since the last time we've done this. We're all going to give our top four for the topic.
And then we will have made a list of 12 between the list of four that both Dark Soccer and
looking myself make. Then we will each go around and take one item off of the list leaving
us with a list of nine. Then you guys in chat will vote on the nine. Your favorite. And
you give us your number one and number two votes. And then we should have a definitive
list for our topic tonight. So this is how we build definitive lists of answers. Tonight's
topic we are stealing from Kotaku. Openly admitting it we are thieving this from Kotaku
but they had a pretty interesting idea for E3 this whole chain interview thing. Well
Reggie Fils-Aime was the last guy they interviewed and they asked him a question that someone
had asked before and then they said well Reggie you're at the end of the chain why don't you
ask something for all our readers. And Reggie Fils-Aime asked well in the same vein of Team
Ninja working with Nintendo to reimagine Metroid what development group would your readers
love to see partner and collaborate with Nintendo and on what franchise. So you know let's face
it Metroid Other M was probably the big big announcement out of Nintendo for us hardcore
gamers. OMG Team Ninja working with Nintendo who would have thought. So what do you think
could be the next OMG developer working with a Nintendo franchise. That's where we are
here to put the list together tonight. So let's start putting that list together. Loki
why don't you start us off this week. Give us your number four answer. Number four answer
let me see. Well this is kind of a joke answer so we're going to go with that. Akira Yamaoka
and Luigi's Mansion. Akira Yamaoka is going so Team Silent or just Akira Yamaoka. Team
Silent. Team Silent is going to remake Luigi's Mansion that's pretty awesome. How would that
work. It would be extremely intense but with Luigi. So would Pyramid Head make an appearance
in this. Less whimsical and more scary I guess. Alright fair enough. Let's see my answer would
be my number four answer tonight. Blizzard the folks behind World of Warcraft right Blizzard
would make an Animal Crossing game. So now Animal Crossing really would be an MMO. So
Blizzard makes an Animal Crossing game. Alright so Dark Sakura what is your number four pick
and why. God mine's actually kind of related to that the Sims team doing a new Animal Crossing.
And actually you know make it interesting. Nice we both had Animal Crossing answers back
to back. The Rob D's chat say no Blizzard should make the Pikmin game. I've also heard
of Pokemon MMO. Well we'll see maybe they'll come up on someone else's list. Alright so
we have Team Silent, Luigi's Mansion, Blizzard doing Animal Crossing and Sims doing Animal
Crossing. Interesting we're only part way in and already two similar answers. Let's
see if we have more of that. Loki your number three answer. This is kind of weird but let's
see here. Suda 51 or Grasshopper Manufacture and Wario Land. And you know Suda 51 is the
you know the mind behind Killer7 and No More Heroes and just like the insane crazy shit
that's in those games. Put that in Wario Land because you know Warioware stuff's really
crazy so it'd just be batshit crazy just the platformer. That is insane. That is just pure
insanity. Alright fair enough. This next one I'm gonna say is my number three pick and
I picked just I kind of randomly picked Capcom but I think because they've made a lot of
good like great especially back in the 8-bit days platformer games and side scrolling games.
So that's why I say Capcom should make a new Kid Icarus game. So they should give us the
Kid Icarus game that many fanboys have been wanting for quite some time so there you go
my number three answer Capcom makes a new Kid Icarus game. Dark Soccer your number three.
My number three is the Outrun team doing the next Cruisin and making that a good game.
I haven't thought of Cruisin for a very long time. I thought Cruisin was Midway. Is it?
I was saying but didn't they know that was with Nintendo and Rare. Yeah I think Rare
had something to do with it. Whatever. So fair enough. You know what we'll let it slide
it doesn't even matter. So Outrun team makes Cruisin and brings that series back. It certainly
has memories on Nintendo 64 and all that so there you go. Let's see Loki we're halfway
through what would you say? Let's see if I should start doing some of my serious ones
here. The chat room is clarifying by the way it was Midway made it but for Nintendo so
it was really a Nintendo franchise that Midway made. Looks like I hope I don't mispronounce
this. Kaita Takahashi and Yoshi's Island. That would be hilarious. And Kaita Takahashi
the creator of Katamari Damacy and Yoshi's Island. What would this game be like? Touch
Fuzzy Get Dizzy? Yes the entire game would be Touch Fuzzy Get Dizzy. Nice. Alright let's
see what we got here. I think Q Entertainment should just give us a new Tetris infused with
all the music and lights and hypnotic stuff. That's what I want. Sorry for the silence
I'm actually typing out a list here as we go. Dark Sakura your number two answer please.
The Silent Hill team doing Luigi's Mansion. I thought you did that. Oh my gosh you guys
both had the same one? Oh I didn't I thought you were talking about a different game. Oh
how funny. That's alright. No no no no I'll pick something different. The Silent Hill
no shoot. I can do another one if she wants to take mine I don't care. No cause I completely
missed it. Um okay how about the um. There's lots of good ideas in chat. Yeah but I don't
listen to them. Nice. Um actually okay how about um Square doing the next Zelda game.
Alright fair enough. Zelda's a beloved franchise but maybe it's time to turn it over and let
some other people who are more experienced out of it have a crack at it. Square makes
a Zelda game. Alright so far we have Team Silent makes Luigi's Mansion. Blizzard makes
Animal Crossing. Sims team makes Animal Crossing. Suda51 makes Wario Land. Capcom makes Kid
Icarus. Outrun team makes Cruisin. Keita Takahashi makes Yoshi's Island. Q Entertainment makes
Tetris. Square makes a Zelda game. Let's get into the number one answers. Loki your number
one answer please. I'm sorry Rob this is probably going to take yours but Criterion Games does
the next F-Zero cause Burnout is fucking awesome and it just lends itself perfectly to F-Zero.
Well you read my mind but Criterion Games was not who I actually thought of to take
over the F-Zero franchise. My number one answer is Sega, Namco, and Nintendo all team up again
and finally bring us a fucking sequel to F-Zero GX. And yes I phrased it just like that. So
Sega and Namco once again make F-Zero GX. That's two F-Zero GX's is his number one answer
so far. Let's see if Dark Sakura has the same answer or something new. Treasure doing a
new Kid Icarus. Could you imagine how hard that shit would be? That could be very interesting.
Some runner ups I had. Arc System Works and Smash Bros. Arc System Works of course the
Guilty Gear franchise. A 2D Smash Bros. game would be kind of cool. Bethesda and Zelda
and another one that just popped into my head. Kojima Productions and Battalion Wars. Nice.
No Earthbound I was almost going to say that Square should do the Earthbound game but I
don't know. Earthbound is very American and even though yes I realize. Square is very
Japanese centric I just don't think it would meld well. I was trying to think of the perfect
developer for that but I couldn't. So there you go. Alright well guess what guys here
it is the list. Now we got to go around and eliminate. This is going to be hard. Alright
so here it is so far. Team Silent makes Luigi's Mansion. Blizzard makes a new Animal Crossing
game. The Sims Team makes a new Animal Crossing game. Suda51 makes Wario Land. Capcom makes
Kid Icarus. Outrun Team makes Krusen. Keita Takahashi makes Yoshi's Island. Q Entertainment
makes Tetris. Square makes a Zelda game. Criterion Games makes F-Zero. Sega and Namco once again
make F-Zero. And Treasure makes Kid Icarus. Loki which one of these is not worthy of the
list? Outrun Team makes Krusen. Awwww. I'm sorry the last few Krusen games have really
sucked. But this would breed new life. I don't know about that. Alright. I am going to take
out Suda51 makes Wario Land. Too crazy. It's just too weird. I don't get it. Dark Sakura
which one of these is not worthy of the list? Blizzard doing Animal Crossing. You just want
yours to be the only Animal Crossing author. No honestly. Alright fair enough. Alright
so there you go. Three have been eliminated from the list leaving us with a list of nine
that the chat will now vote on. Here it is. We'll get to the answers a little later in
the show. Remember you need to be in our chat. Chat.orangelaunchradio.com and you can place
a private message to Rob Roberts in chat right now with your number one and number two answers.
So here we go. Team Silent makes Luigi's Mansion. The Sims Team makes a new Animal Crossing
game. Capcom makes Kid Icarus. Keita Takahashi makes Yoshi's Island. Q Entertainment makes
Tetris. Square makes a Zelda game. Criterion Games makes F-Zero. Sega and Namco once again
make F-Zero. Or Treasure makes Kid Icarus. So we have two F-Zeros and two Kid Icaruses
on there. So we'll see how that plays out. If they split the votes or what. So remember
you can place a vote now to Rob Roberts in the chat room with a private message and indicate
your number one and your number two or it will be assumed that your first answer is
your number one pick. While we tally that up, we're going to get into another segment
here. We like to call the F-Us of the week but in order for our angst to build, we have
to have a story that makes it worthy of us building the angst. And I also have to cue
the music which I was completely unprepared for tonight. I'm not used to this new format
yet where everything is in a different order in the show. Anyhow, let's see here. The inspiration
for this week's F-Us of the week is the downtime that Xbox Live recently had. You might remember
they were down all day Tuesday. Well guess what? When they came back up, it was not all
fixed. In fact, some of the games disappeared from Xbox Live Marketplace. Those in the Sega
Vintage Collection 2. Eh, no big loss I suppose. But the new purchases like Sam and Max and
Magic the Gathering that had just come out on Xbox Live, you couldn't download them.
Nor could you redeem codes including your pre-order codes for the Xbox 360 version of
Ghostbusters. So the PlayStation 3 users got to jump on that and look, all I'm going to
say is if you're going to take your system down for 24 hours, it should be working by
the time you bring it back up or don't bring it back up. So stories like this make us angry
so yeah, we're going to bring on the F-Us of the week.
My F-U of the week goes towards sleeping for 12 to 13 hours because I lost most of my day.
Ugh, my F-U goes to Xbox Live Marketplace because Angry Berry is still broken and I
still amount 400 Microsoft points and nobody seems to be fixing anything. Very convenient
Microsoft now that you have my money.
My F-U of the week goes to the fact that I just told people to vote for the wrong thing.
Sorry guys, yes in chat it's Rob Roberts not Sky. Look three people fixed it all in a row.
I'm broken and I don't know what it is. I guess I'm going to say F-U to the swine flu
for reals. I know there's been a lot of jokes and ha-has made about it but I actually have
a friend suffering from swine flu right now who's in the hospital in ICU and is really
not in good shape right now and a lot of us are actually kind of scared because she had
to get put on dialysis this morning. That's how bad it's gotten because her kidneys are
failing from all the meds. So yeah she contracted swine flu. I don't know where it came from
but Beth I am thinking of you and I really want you to get better soon. So let's go ahead
and move on to some more gaming news.
Yes. Well I tally the votes. My god there's tons of people voting tonight. Well of course
you would think with the Apple iPhone and the iPod touch you know it's a bit limited
on what you can do with games on there. So of course and this is actually being listed
as one of the features with the iPhone 3.0 firmware is that third party accessories are
going to now be available. And this is actually coming from you know the official iPod touch
software update page. And so people are thinking oh goody we're going to get controller add
ons. And so that might be actually what's going to happen because you know with gaming
being so popular nowadays and really those touch screen controls suck. I mean look at
Mega Man 2. They need a new alternative so it might actually be an add on. So what do
you think is that a good idea. Would you actually play with something like this. Sorry I'm like
tallying cage match votes right now so it's hard for me to totally pay attention but it
really I think would depend on how well executed it is honestly. They'd really have to do something
impressive. I don't know. I mean I think it's kind of I guess it's OK. I mean a lot of people
are kind of bitchy about you know oh I don't want to you know have some stupid peripheral
hanging off of my you know iPod to play a game but you know I guess you don't necessarily
need to buy it. And then some people are saying hey now they can do Guitar Hero on iPhone.
I hope not. That'd be scary. But I don't know. Well I mean the iPhone kind of needs something
like that if it's really going to be like the next wave in gaming or whatever. You know
I don't know how seriously Apple's taking gaming right now because I've heard about
this whole like premium games for the iPhone thing which I think is silly. The games that
are on there right now I don't see them getting much better than that. Why should I pay four
times as much especially when there's a lot of great indie games that are ninety nine
cents or free. You know what I mean. Yeah definitely. I don't know. So OK. I'm trying
to see if there's anything going on in chat right now. They're still talking about the
list list tonight a little bit which I'm still trying to tally up. The Rob D in chat though
says isn't the point of the iPhone 3 G.S. to be better for gaming. I don't think not
necessarily. How about to be a more efficient multimedia machine. That's what I think. Also
I'd be pretty ticked off if games started coming out that I couldn't play because I
didn't have a 3 G.S. I suppose that type of thing is inevitable but I wouldn't be happy.
Yeah. All right. Well I believe that brings us to the end of our topics tonight. So we're
going to go ahead and open up the Skype line at one eight seven seven game O.L.R. or a
username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio if you want to give us a call. If you have any
type of topic you want to bring up that we missed tonight one eight seven seven game
O.L.R. username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio. Meanwhile do we have any last minute
stories or missed rapid fires that we want to talk about. Yeah sure I've got some stuff
I can talk about. Apparently there's a rumor that Michael Jackson is involved with the
new video game and no word on exactly what that is yet. But apparently there's an action.
There's something that he's working on right now. No. Sega involved. I don't know this
is coming out of it's actually a foreign article nine lives B.E. is the Web site that has the
information on it. And you know it's kind of hard to determine what exactly they're
talking about. Let's go to the phones. We have a call. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this. Hi it's Ron. What's up everyone. Hi Ron. Well how are you doing. Hey. God what
con did you go to this week. I didn't go to a con this week. I won't break for another
three weeks. Are you sitting. No I'm kidding. What's up. By the way this is the last call
for votes in our list list tonight. What what to what do we owe this phone call tonight.
I have gone through an official Xbox right of passage. How so. Red ring of death. Congratulations
I suppose I don't really know how to phrase that but how did it happen. Was it just randomly
in the middle of the game or what. What happened was this was watching videos and streaming
it off my computer and the machine kept locking up and I'm like that's not good. And then
I saw three red rings pop up last week and I'm like fuck I will deal with this when I
come back from anime next. And then Friday night I find if my roommate he turned it on
to play Guitar Hero all four rings went red. That sucks dude I'm sorry to hear it. It's
not so bad because I just got a new 360 today anyway. So what did you do you just went out
and bought a new machine. Did you even call Microsoft to fix the old one or what. No I
packed up back in the box with the best I showed my receipt and got a new one. I see
wait how long ago did you buy this Xbox 360 you had last year. Wow and they still took
it back. That's because I bought the two year replacement plan. Okay there you go. So you
actually bought that plan that I think you were wrecking you win or some of our listeners
were recommending people buy that stuff. And there you go you just got to cash in on it.
Only downside is that you know since the pro are now $2.99 I paid $3.49 I'm kind of like
I don't get a $50 credit coming towards me. But I do have a bigger hard drive. Yeah and
you've had your Xbox for the past year. So you know that's that's the price you pay for
having something early I suppose. Yeah and what was funny was that when I went to fire
it up it didn't even have the new Xbox experience so I had to download everything first. Oh
really that is kind of interesting. Either that I still have like one of the older consoles
or something. Perhaps but I don't think they're going to give you the top of the line ones
as a replacement. That's probably the hidden text so. Well I could have asked for a different
box if I wanted to but eh. Well what happened with it now is everything okay with like your
save files because like yesterday when I'm asking about that your save files purchases
you've made on Xbox live. Because I know when I got mine back a couple of my games the two
arcade games I owned at the time because mine read ring to death after a week and when I
got it back this is back when they actually had the coffins when I got it back. It does
this weird thing now it's geometry wars whenever I go into geometry wars like you have to wait
a second and then suddenly you'll see oh playful version like it looks like you're launching
the trial and I know what it's doing it's communicating with the server and all that
stuff but you know. I haven't gone through that yet because I have a friend who has a
transfer kit so I borrowed his kit and I transferred all my files over from the old drive to the
new one. Oh because you get to keep your drive okay okay. Yeah it seems that when you with
Best Buy you know you you bring it in you hold on to the hard drive and they just give
you a brand new console. I guess but that's the same thing they do with Microsoft too
I never sent my hard drive back I think it's something to do about the actual serial on
the Xbox 360. I don't know I haven't played either of those games in a long time either
so they might have changed something because you know now there's geometry wars too and
I couldn't tell you the last time I signed on the Xbox live and played joust but I should
do that joust is awesome so. I should think about that but most of the time I'm just streaming
videos and stuff off my 360 from my computer because I don't like sitting here in front
of the 19 inch I'd rather watch it in glorious 32 inch. Amen to that. Yes. Size does matter.
Mm hmm. That's what she said. All right Rama anything else before we let you go tonight.
That's it. All right you take care buddy have a good one. All right. Later. Later. 877 Game
OLR Orange Lounge Radio on Skype. Listless results coming right up but a few more last
minute stories. Do we have any more? Yeah actually that one thing I was talking about
the Michael Jackson game he's supposed to be starring in his own game so no word on
exactly what that is but it's a game that he's actually going to be the lead in. Quick
question. Chat. Anyone interested in a Michael Jackson game. Would you buy it. Let's say
you did it. Let's say it's a music game. Hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this.
Welcome to Zaku. Hey Zaku what's on your mind. Nothing much. Just spending a rainy weekend
here in New York City and just trying to like hold on to dear life as usual. It's bright
and sunny out here in California although we did. Yeah that's because you barely get
any rain. We had some. You get more drought weather than we get up here. We're getting
like soaked this whole month. This is very true. By the way the chat is answering my
question and almost overwhelmingly I'm seeing if it's Moonwalker 2. Yes. Moonwalker 2. Michael
Jackson Moonwalker 2. Yes Michael Jackson Moonwalker 2. You might not have heard it
because you were calling in but I asked the chatters if Michael Jackson is really making
a video game and starring in it would you buy it. And the chatters are all saying. Will
that involve like you know Jesus Juice and other sexual accusations. Let's not go there.
Zaku what did you want to call in about tonight. All right. Basically I just wanted to bring
up a little gem that I managed to find this weekend apparently. I don't know if you heard
but this probably make a talk earlier today but apparently these developers were making
an iPhone Commodore 64 application. We did touch on it during rapid fire news and it
got shut down which stinks doesn't it. What do you think about it getting shut down. Well
I guess I guess it's on one hand is Apple's walled garden. You see that they they pretty
much control what apps make it onto their store and I guess they ran afoul with the
fact that they're creating something that allowed you to run code which is a big no
no for Apple. And I can see that bypass the store in itself. Think about it. You create
an app in basic and like Commodore basic you could pretty much run any any other app and
the other like music synth you know sit chip synthesizer for example. Bingo. Bingo. It's
too much. It leaves it too vulnerable. I kind of actually understand where Apple's coming
from for the model they're trying to build. I guess Sega basically dodged it by creating
a stand alone a stand alone emulator hard coded for Sonic and Golden Axe and so there's
no way you would have been able to run an arbitrary code. So I guess if those C64 guys
want to make their apps on the app store they just got to like make you know drastic changes
to the point where they have to bundle the games that they license them from. So it's
going to be one app for the last ninja. One app. Or not even that. You could probably
make it like one app for several Commodore 64 games or something like that or you could
sell the other games as DLC. But then you know where it's not going to work is that
you can't. Now you have to get all the original publishers involved. You know what I mean?
As opposed to being able to run all your old code. I probably could find. I bet I could
find my old Commodore 64 floppies and the mass amounts of games I had. I would love
to have a night. We seriously need to like plan the time we are going to freaking do
this. Just do some seriously hardcore old fucking school gaming on big televisions.
Well, we've got the vault.
There was a lot of classic gaming there too. I mean I don't know if Adam saw it but yeah
there was pretty much a 2600, two NES's, one with Duck Hunt running, an old Neo Geo cabinet
and just like really old school consoles right there in one particular room out of six game
rooms that weekend.
I really want to figure out. Maybe we could do this at a con or something tag on to some
con. I want to broadcast it and I want to marathon obscure classic games. I don't want
to do like Mario Brothers and all that. It's some type of charity thing but it's all obscure
shit like stuff that you may not have played before like Impossible Mission or other conversation
for years.
What about that Penn and Teller game? That Penn and Teller game where you just drive
on a bus for hours.
Yeah but let's face it. The joke is that the game is stupid. I don't want to do something
like that.
No but seriously you could actually do a charity thing.
Go through our own classic game of the week archive and pick like ten of those obscure
games and play those.
I had my share of obscure games and I had my NES so I pretty much have a good pick.
Zeba says at PAX please. Dude if we could get a room at PAX somehow like that I would
love that except we're probably not big enough but I never thought about it either.
You have to start with the con at the con level since that's pretty much your domain
at the moment. PAX is kind of like major. It's like a major indie thing. It's kind of
like the E3 of indie games.
I agree we need to piggyback on a con somewhere. Maybe I need to talk to the SacAnime people.
We'll see. We need to do a lock in. We need to rent the Masonic Lodge for a weekend and
do a lock in. That would be cool.
Alright Zaku we're going to let you go so we can get some more comments but thank you
you have a good one buddy.
Yeah have a good weekend man.
Later.
Rama says I need to book a room for OLR at PAX East. Yes you do because guess what Rama
I'm coming. I want to go to PAX East so make it happen.
Okay do we have more last minute stories? I'm sorry 877 game OLR we can do like one
more call probably.
Yeah there's some interesting stuff. They're doing a new Mega Man EXE game. Mega Man EXE
Operator Shooting Star and what's interesting though is it's going to be kind of a cross
game with Mega Man ZX as well. So you've got ZX and the EXE universe kind of crossing into
a brand new game and that was announced in Japan. And then finally there's a new record
being broken. The Frogger score held by fictional character George Costanda is going to be challenged
I guess this weekend.
Hmm interesting. We got a call. You're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
This is RPG King 7.
RPG King 7. Are you truly the king of RPGs?
I like to think I'm the seventh in line. There are guys above me.
Have you played this Final Fantasy 4 after years? That's what I'm all the rage about
right now.
No not yet. I don't have a Wii so.
Oh my gosh. You've got to figure out a way to play it though.
My parents have a Wii so I'll probably get it.
There you go. I know you probably called in to talk about something else but I've got
to ask you a question because I want to talk about after years with somebody and you're
the best thing I've got because you're at least RPG King. Did you hear the story about
the whole Chrono Trigger fan project getting shut down?
Oh my god you're reading my mind. That's exactly what I wanted to bring up.
Ah okay then you say your thing and then I'll say mine.
Well I was wondering you know why isn't the convention and bring up that they they were
like practically complete and then Square struck them down. I'm wondering what do you
what do you guys think Square is being so anal about it whereas there's like a million
Mario and other fan projects and the other publishers haven't said boo.
Ah ah you read my mind because because and I have the answer this is what I was going
to ask you about okay because this Final Fantasy 4 after years is that Chrono Trigger fan project.
It is a re-skinned remapped enhanced slightly version of Final Fantasy 4 but with the text
hack to be a new story with some new sprites and some new music put in. Now granted I probably
shouldn't label this thing a hack. I mean obviously there's more to it than that but
that type of thing that they did with Chrono Trigger those fans is what they're trying
to do with the this after years project. So my thought is if this after years thing is
successful and I think a lot of people were thinking what how rude of Square to shut down
this project. Where was the harm going to be? What were they doing? Well yeah like even
that sorry I just want to jump into that other project that was a few years ago where they
built up a 3D version of it from the ground up and they Square cut them off pretty early.
That wasn't that long ago I remember that though. Again I think protecting their rights
because Square's been doing all these remakes on the DS that are in 3D so maybe they want
to do something like that I don't know. But yeah I think they're doing it because they
they they don't want to shut the door on the possibility to do that stuff later on.
Yeah because I remember years and years ago they copyrighted the name Chrono Break and
people were thinking oh man they're going to do Chrono Trigger but you know they haven't
done anything. I don't know maybe it's going to be the ace in the hole or whatever but
I know the fans are getting restless. Why are they continuing to shut down all these
projects if they're not going to do anything with the Chrono Trigger franchise? I don't
know. Yeah I mean look at Nintendo they had their whole fan project that did Earthbound
or Mother 3 and it looks like we're never ever going to get that. I know it's sad it's
very sad and I wish I wish we would because Earthbound's a fun series but and they could
put it on WiiWare like that it would be so easy but for whatever reason they just don't
want to do it. Sorry I didn't mean to catch up. No it's okay. I was saying that you know
the whole DSiWare and one of the speculations I remember hearing was that you know they'll
put the old Gameboy and Gateway Dance games on there. They put Earthbound 3 on there they'll
get a huge number of people buying that up. Yeah but hopefully they're just not afraid
of like you know and I remember hearing an argument before that there's too much parody
in there that they're worried about getting sued or something like that I just I hope
they just get over that whatever that is. It's a freaking video game. People need to
get over it. Alright well RPG King we gotta let you go to get some more calls but do you
have any other final thoughts for our listeners? No it's just keep the RPG love alive. Alright
we will try our best. Okay thanks. Alright take care. Yeah the less I play MMOs the more
I can play RPGs so I will do my best. We can probably get one more call in 1877 Game OLR
or Orange Launch Radio on Skype but really really one more call. Um Loki. Anyways as
I was saying George Costanza from Seinfeld his fictional Frogger high score is gonna
be challenged this weekend for whatever reason I don't know. Um also apparently Nintendo
had another handheld system that they finished however they're not gonna release it because
apparently in the history of Nintendo there are such um or there are several examples
of such devices like this but when we are launching new hardware the most important
thing is to sustain the momentum and if introducing new hardware won't do anything to do that
well. So uh let me go to the phones. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this? Hey it's
Sturlok. Hi Sturlok what's on your mind tonight buddy? Eh not a whole lot didn't think you
guys were doing a show tonight. Surprise why wouldn't we do a show tonight? I thought last
week you said something about being back in two weeks. You know what our anniversary show
is in two weeks I think that well maybe that explains our dip in listeners tonight I don't
know but no our anniversary show is in two weeks. Yeah well plus it's Father's Day so
people are probably out doing stuff. True but you know I think those of us that you
know needed to take care of business already did so we you know did that earlier today.
So what's on your mind to uh what what are you thinking about tonight's show any topics
you want to bring up? Um I actually just uh tuned in um but I actually wanted to bring
this up last week about the whole Crimson Echoes thing um it's it's kind of ironic because
uh you know you brought up a month or three which is I think one of the better RPGs you
know ever made recently. Um but anyway there was a fan game um it was kind of a prequel
to uh Earthbound and it's you know a full RPG um it's granted it's not a rom hack it's
a you know it was done in like RPG Maker or something but you know it looks halfway decent
and you know it uses a bunch of music and sound effects from Earthbound and you know
you don't see Nintendo getting all you know butthurt over it. It's kind of interesting
to see where these companies will draw the line because if you think about it Square
I mean how much different is these type of rom hacks and so forth well okay I get it
because it's a rom hack but some of these other fan projects like maybe things that
aren't necessarily rom hacks but games let's say built in RPG Maker from the ground up
or what have you they're basically enhanced fan fiction. Exactly. It's what it is I mean
it's it's no different than logging on to a Harry Potter forum and reading the stories
people have invented. Yeah or like you know if you were going to buy go by Squares logic
you know fanfiction.net would not exist. I don't know it's kind of ridiculous in my opinion
but maybe the problem that they have at Square is the rom hack element of it but then again
I guess you know but they also have a 3D. But they made it they made they did try to
make it perfectly clear that the rom image itself would not be included in this thing
it was just a patch just like the mother 3 translation was just a patch you you have
to attain the the rom yourself. But maybe it was just the whole fact that it was encouraging
the altercation of an intellectual property of Square. Yeah. Don't get me wrong I think
the whole thing's a little silly and I don't think they stood to lose anything at all but
maybe they just don't want someone out there competing with themselves because I didn't
it didn't make sense to me until I played Final Fantasy IV the after years. I know what
you mean that you when you brought that up I was like wow shit that's a really good point
yeah that's kind of what that is. Exactly I know I know it didn't hit me until I played
that and then I was like oh I get the lawsuit now. Yeah. So all right well hey thank you
so much for the call we're gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show but we'll see you
next week we will be here next week just so you know it's a big show for us. Yeah. All
right we'll see you then. All right see you later. All right we're gonna go ahead and
close up the skype line thank you guys so much for calling in but I keep cutting Loki
off every time he tries to finish the story because. And it's very rude. I'm sorry but
you know the callers we want to want them to be heard and I don't like them being on
hold for 30 minutes because then we hear all their background noise and some of them will
start going hello hello and you're trying to do a thing so we try to get to them quickly.
Yeah. All right. Rock band the metal track pack apparently some achievements have leaked
out some of the songs included with that that are actually not released yet because you
know with the country track pack they did 13 new tracks in there and they're of course
some were you know already released but there's some new tracks as well. Same with the metal
track pack which is coming later this year and some of the songs include with that Motorhead
Killed by Death Hawk Wind Master of the Universe Blue Oyster Cult looks like a trans maniac
on MC and Nazareth Hair of the Dog. So that's four songs you can look to look forward to
on rock band that haven't come out yet and probably will come out after the metal track
pack on the rock band store. And not really a story but Arma 2 looks awesome. That was
the one you were showing me with the plane. That was the one it's it's like it's it's
done by the same people they're doing Operation Dragon or was it Operation what was it now
Operation Flashpoint 2 Dragon Rising but they have another game coming out actually next
week on PC Arma 2 with they've got tons of AI that are fighting this like war that you're
actually just part of and a really detailed kind of open world Call of Duty type of game
but it's got you know little funny things in there like there's a sniper on a on an
airfield and this plane was taking off and the plane saw the sniper and so it veered
to the left really quick and just crashed into the trees which is kind of funny so the
game needs to be bug tested maybe a little bit but hey you should post that YouTube in
chat because it is it's pretty funny yeah so do that sorry to the podcast listeners
you don't get to see that but you search for it on YouTube Arma 2 and I'm trying to find
the funny video I'll find it all right well that's gonna do it for tonight's show thank
you guys so much for downloading our program and listening to us and tuning in live and
supporting us the way you always do we really appreciate it we would not be anywhere if
it weren't for the listeners you know it would just be the three of us talking to ourselves
which you know can also be fun but this is a lot more fun it's epic is epic fun let's
go around and get everybody's final thought dark soccer since you just picked up the mic
what's your final thought tonight we just got the baby potty trained in time she is
talking about a video game y'all uh Loki uh I want to play Arma 2 once it comes out and
it hasn't leaked out yet unfortunately um my final thought is candy I want candy I want
sugar my sweet tooth is bugging me you could go get us ice cream us us yes us us us all
right and uh oh crap the chatters are reminding me we have not done listless results I can't
end the freaking show till we get the listless results god I almost fired I am really out
of it tonight I'm sorry guys I have a lot on my mind today it's been a it's been a very
long week for me so I really I apologize for my amateur radio hosting this but then I remember
I don't get paid for this shit so deal all right here it is the top three on tonight's
list list uh here it is number three Nintendo franchise you most want to see remade by somebody
else number three answer you would like to see square make a Zelda game is the number
three answer there it is tonight your number two answer tonight Q entertainment makes a
new Tetris game you kids like your raves I love this idea by the way I want it to happen
and the number one answer tonight for tonight's list list team silent makes Luigi's mansion
there it is your number one answer that was a joke answer to well hey dark Sakura had
it down it's a real thing so there it is that is the definitive list so somebody contact
the Kiryama Moka or the folks at team silent and let him know
back you know I'm trapped to Luigi's back he's going back yet and maybe he'll meet pyramid
love it all right anyhow that that is really going to do it for tonight change the name
of the thing to Luigi should just pants mama mia all right that's gonna do it for tonight's
episode thank you guys so much I really appreciate it as always remember if you like our show
all we ask tell two people you know about the program you know help spread the word
that we don't have a big website or although the website's got a lot better now that we
actually have like people regularly reviewing games and talking about gaming music which
is great we're no IGN we're no one up or game spot but we are three friends who do this
show for you guys and your support keeps us alive please continue to tell your friends
about the program and join our little family we have here at orange launch radio we'll
see you next week for the seven year anniversary of orange lounge radio oh my god seven to
make sure I can do my class earlier we'll see you then you've been listening to orange
lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 pm pacific time the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
