Today, June 7th, 2009, we're all here in studio with your phone calls and chat romantics to
discuss this year's highs and lows of E3.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that talk show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle. My name is Rob Roberts, here with you every week. Also say hello to my wonderful co-host,
the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers. Yo. How are you doing? I am doing okay. I was a little
worried you weren't going to be here tonight at first, but things pulled through and now you're
here. I thought that I had a school orientation and it turns out that I don't. Well that's a good
thing though, right? That means I have it next week. Now you can sit here and party with us.
Yep, it's all parties all the time. All right, or you can play Sims 3. Hey, I can do both at the
same time. All right, no that's fine. All right, also say hello to the one and only Tech Master
Loki. Hello. All right, and Loki's able to do the show and look at porn at the same time. It's
amazing. No, I'm just kidding. Are you looking at porn? Although my wife is adding bookmarks for
porn on my computer, I like to add. Nice. How very, how very thoughtful of her. So, all right,
well how you doing today, Loki? You just, you just got back from LA today, right? Yeah, like
four hours ago. Most people leave E3 like Friday, but you, you stayed over till today to do stuff
with the wife. Yes, and that reminds me, she wanted me to add a few things about E3. She says
E3 sucked because she had to stay in the hotel room, and because the people in the hotel room
had open wi-fi, but for whatever reason she couldn't connect to them, so she couldn't
download the porn fast enough, and then she was also pissed off at my computer because it didn't
have Yahoo Instant Messenger installed on it anymore. That's because it, a Windows update
crashed and I had to reinstall the whole thing. So, that's her complaint about that. Oh, and
Universal sucks, because we went to Universal Studios, and they have no rides, but they have
a tour that apparently wants to abort your baby, and then they also have- Whoa, whoa, whoa, Nelly's
pregnant, so I take a comment like that pretty seriously. Well, it's because the tram rides,
like, it's brutal. The tram rides worsen, like, some of the roller coasters that you go on,
because it's just, like, they have, like, no shocks or suspension on that thing. Did you happen to see
the premiere of Conan O'Brien taking over the Tonight Show, where he did the circling of the
trams? That's like the Mario thing. Oh, yeah, the circling of the trams. The Mario thing was later
in the week. Yeah, he took over. Maybe it was the second night. I don't know. I actually watched
every week, every night of Conan O'Brien this week. I saw the sign to go in there, and I was like,
oh, I want to go in there, but we couldn't, so. What day were you at Universal Studios? We were
there Thursday afternoon. We went there Friday. It's like we kept missing each other the next
few days. That's all right. Well, yeah, Universal Studios sucks. Sorry to hear. I've never been
there. I've never been there. I thought they had, like, a Jurassic Park ride and a Simpsons ride.
Yeah, and a pregnant woman can't ride, and the Simpsons ride pregnant people can't ride that
either. Pregnant women can't ride a lot. I hate to break it to you. I know, but, you know, violent
motions shaking around your belly are not good for twins. Yes, but beside that, though, I mean,
they really only have four rides. They have the Jurassic Park ride, the Mummy Returns ride or
whatever. They have, uh, the Simpsons ride, and there's maybe one other one. I'm not sure,
but that's all they have at Great Am- or at, not Great America. Universal, I mean, come on,
for a theme park, that's pretty shitty. I mean, my only bitch is that Universal City Walk is
extremely overpriced, and by the way, if you don't know what this is, LA, they have, you know,
the Universal Compound right off 101 Freeway. They have this- that's where Universal Studios is,
where Conan O'Brien tapes his show now. It's where they do a lot of special events. It's where the
More Friends concert was a couple years ago. Not Dear Friends, the more- the one More Friends
concert they did at E305 was there at the amphitheater, I think. Yeah, I think it was
05, because 04 was the first Dear Friends, 05 was More Friends, and then, um, they actually have this
big shopping mall there, City Walk. That's where they did the DSi launch, if I'm not mistaken. So
you see these places on TV. Oh, what was the show- what's that show on sci-fi with the, uh, it's like
they call it a video game. It's a show, and it has the bounty hunters chasing you around and all this,
but you have- I know what you're talking about, but I don't remember what it's called. I know
someone in chat's gonna yell it out in any minute. Chat.orangelandrader.com. The one episode of that
show I saw, they actually taped at Universal City Walk, so a lot of people know what this place is,
but it's extremely overpriced. That's, that's all, but I guess, you know, you expect these types of
things are going to be, so yeah. All right, anyhow, enough about, uh, theme park rides and so on. We
have a lot of ground we're going to cover tonight. Here's the interesting thing, and I want to say,
uh, thank you. Chat is now piping up. Chase, Chase, Chase. Everybody's- it's called Chase. All right,
so, um, thank you, chatters. Uh, tonight we have no script, and when I say no script, I don't want you
thinking we plan out everything we're gonna say every week on this show. That's not true. We have
no outline. Yeah, we have no outline. Most shows, like morning shows that you listen to, or, you
know, heck, even the DJs on the radio in the afternoon, they usually have, like, an outline of
topics they're going to talk about. Well, so do we. Not tonight, folks. Uh, there was a moment today
where I thought I might be doing the show by myself, so we didn't end up having an outline at all.
My husband volunteered. Yeah, I know. Dan volunteered. I volunteered him for you. Yeah, but Dan, you know,
does- is not used to having to prepare anything. Dan just comes in here, is funny, and leaves,
you know. That's- that's Dan's role in the show. Sounds like my marriage. We-
I'm sure he'd be very happy to hear that. Can we get him in here to comment on that? No. All right,
so tonight we're just- we have no- I mean, we- I don't know when part A is going to end and part
B is going to begin. We just- we're winging it tonight, but we know we have a lot of ground to
cover with E3 News, so I'm just warning everybody up front. If the show feels a little weird tonight,
it is. So, there you go. All right, let's- well, we know how to start the show. There's only one way
to start the show. So, Dark Sakura, I know sadly you were unable to go to E3. You just got a lot
of other stuff going on in your personal life. You know, we've been listening to the show lately.
You know, you're busy with school. Well, the reason I didn't go to E3 was because of money.
Which, you know, would be a personal life thing, but- I will admit it. Our economy sucks.
It's- it's tough. You know what? E3 was smaller than it was in, oh,
six, when they did the last big one, but I- this is how I've been describing E3 to people.
It was E3 2006 with less Paris Hilton, and that's a great thing. The world with less Paris Hilton
would be a great thing. And- and honestly, the show- the show itself was still- it still felt
big. It still had that feel of E3 2006, but there were a lot less booth babes. That was one thing I
noticed off the top. I mean, a few- Was that a good thing? Well, not necessarily, but my point
I was going to make with that is that I think- I think, honestly, the booth babes may in part be a
victim of the economy. Booth babes are not cheap. It costs a lot for all that silicone. It does.
And I think, in a way, I think a lot of booths cut back on their babes because this year there
was definitely a strictly business feeling about it. You know, people were there to get their shit
done, and- I think that that's better, but you have to have a little flash. And some companies
like Nyko is the one that comes to mind. The ones that have the big inflatable,
the big inflatable Wii controllers. They did have some booth babes.
Nintendo had their- I want a big inflatable Wii controller.
Nintendo didn't have booth babes, but they had the educated, good-looking women that were showing
off. They just were well, you know, they weren't dressed, you know, cheaply. And a couple- I mean,
I'm not saying there weren't any booth babes anywhere. There were the trauma center babes.
I think one of the- I think one of the Capcom games or something had some booth babes. There
just were way less than I saw at E3 2006, and I in part blame the economy. I think-
I don't see that as a bad thing. I think the economy cut back on a lot of those
types of things this year, so- Less silicone, more games.
And zero booth studs that I saw. Well, now that's a travesty.
That is a huge travesty. But anyway- Equal, you know-
Equal opportunity, absolutely. Equal representation.
There's more and more women going to E3, working and doing, you know, things. Women play games.
Sometimes we want booth babes too. Surprise. All right. And you know, I happen to be one of those
guys, so I wouldn't mind seeing some of those booth studs. But I've learned to just accept
that's not going to happen. So whatever. Well, it is fun harassing the booth babes though.
All right. Anyhow, let's get into your gaming week. Besides E3, how was your gaming week?
I did what I'm doing right now. Which is?
Playing Sims. Now not just old school Sims.
Sims 3. So you at least played a new game.
Oh yes. And we've actually had full reviews posted on it on the blog I contribute to that
Tara keeps at AvengersTower.com. She reviewed the game itself. I reviewed the exchange in the store
and the house mechanics. You know me, I love building the houses. I'm building the Avengers
mansion right now. Well, so give us a little synopsis.
What makes this game special compared to previous installments in the franchise?
It's new and really that's not very special right now. I mean a lot of the play in it is
improved. You can put diagonal furniture and change a few things. The build a house mode
is a lot better. You can definitely customize your body shapes a bit more. But see there's
a problem is that the faces are butt ugly and it takes a lot of adjustment to get them not butt
ugly and they have no chins. What are all the other complaints back and forth? Oh yeah bad
hair. Pretty much what I want is I want them to have a way to import all the Sims 2 customization
into Sims 3. Although they are working on it they have already figured out how to unlock some stuff
and we've got a few new skins in there and hopefully we'll get better hair because the
hair in the game sucks and you can actually buy points to use in their store. They've got some
neat stuff in the store but the only thing that I was actually super excited about was like a lamp
and a bathtub because it was a really cool bathtub. Sounds like a trip to IKEA. I want
an IKEA pack. Sims 2 had IKEA packs. I want an IKEA pack. For real? Yeah. There's a huge Sims
culture. I think a lot of times you know because our show we try to touch on PC gaming and I think
we do to an extent but I think you know I'll admit it we stay pretty focused on consoles and I think
sometimes even the PC gamers we neglect how huge the Sims franchise is. This isn't the Sims like
the best-selling PC game ever? I wouldn't say. I'm pretty sure it is. So there there's this huge
culture around it. I would have never guessed however that there was actually IKEA packs for
Sims 2. That's hilarious. Yeah I mean the whole the whole part the whole thing about the Sims is
that you know especially through cheating like me um you can have all kinds of neat stuff happen you
you know for people like they had um on Sims 2 people would do like whole Star Trek packages
and even recreated the ships. It's really also a big just general fandom outlet too. It's really
got so much to do um and if anyone is interested- Is there a furries pack for furry fandom?
Not yet but uh people have tried um but if you want to look on the exchange I've put up all of
not all of everything but a lot of the stuff that I've made so far just look up I'm on there is Dark
Sakura. You can see like a house I built which I forgot to put a certain door to the balcony so no
one can go on the balcony. Now speaking of exchange I don't think Sims 2 had this. This
sounds more like what Spore had where you can publish all your creations to the web right?
You could do it with Sims 2 they had um you know where you could post up your stuff but you had to
of course register your game and really they didn't have anything on there that you couldn't get
anywhere else you know once the um big mod forums came out um which I actually I'll go ahead and
plug my favorite right now modthesims.com um they're probably the best one out there.
So overall with Sims 3 all you were hoping for and more?
I really had very little in the way of expectation so um I like it I'm not displeased with it I like
that you can if like like if the floor or something is like butt ugly you can just change it and you
can like I will you can actually go in and any of the the floors that you lay down you can actually
go back in and change the color of them like um this little uh tool that I have here is a palette
tool and you can go in if it will let me and actually change the various colors in it by
sliding the little slider and it'll change all the colors and then you can just copy that one
and paste it all over the place it's really neat I've done a few custom floors myself.
I'm reading some chat comments chat dot orange laundry dot com decipher is in chat and wants
to clarify Sims 2 had it it just wasn't as intuitive I believe talking about the whole
web interface this is this is actually super easy like um oh come on you butt head she's getting
error messages I talk to I talk to my games all the time that's right um for example I'm just
gonna show you with um a piece of furniture like say that I put this um stupidly ugly bed
right here and I hate that the stupidly ugly bed is stupidly ugly so I want to change it so I hit
my little um palette thing oh my god it is an ugly bed um and then I can go through and say
you know what I really hate this rose pattern thing I want this leaf pattern instead so I
can pick the leaf pattern as soon as all this other crap loads and my computer's a little
taxed of course because I have everything running for the show um but it will change the bedspread
too it seems to me that you play sims really for the design element you really like to design the
houses you like to design the furniture and color every little piece is there stuff there because I
suck at designing is there something in this game for me is there actual game to play well you can
just pick a house you can download houses that other people have done after you've murdered the
family no you can you have empty lots and you can evict people and right now it's still thinking
about changing that bedspread to green but what would happen is I would save it here and then I
would pick share and then when I go in you have this other thing that's called the um the launcher
which is the first thing that loads up when you does that launch sims
out of a cannon sorry it's mod the sims info by the way um the site um but then you go into this
and you can actually those are screenshots up there but you can select
that one of the items that you've saved specifically for sharing and click upload
and almost instantly it's on the exchange for you and everybody else in the universe to see
all the crap that you've managed to make and again kind of like spores creature creator kind
of reminds me of that and of course everything that you've picked for download and this also
works now for the content that that's up on uh mod the sims right now is that you just click on
the little pack and it loads it into this and you can choose to install it in your game it's pretty
it's pretty neat i think it's pretty neat all right well maybe i'll have to check that out a
little later so it's it's worth it i think it's worthwhile well let's move on and talk about more
gaming weeks uh loki but oh finally it changed to that green pattern it's camo uh loki besides the
stuff you played at e3 because we'll have plenty of time for that in a little bit how was your
gaming week i played fuel more fuel at least in um it was fun you know still driving around trying
to get um more stuff unlocked really just trying to drive around get collect more uh fuel containers
to unlock more cars but man that game is big i like i'm gonna spend one of these days actually
just trying to drive across the whole map but it probably will take a whole day because it's that
big it seems um yeah i'm looking at some of the reviews of that game because i'm considering
picking it up it seems like it's getting very average reviews that people don't think i guess
the implementation is good or something i don't know what people's problems is with it but it's
all right i don't know it's nothing really like it you know and um well the next racing game similar
to it's going to be dirt too and that's not out until september so actually there's no rule
racing games i think coming out until september other than fuel which has already come out so
yeah i don't know anything else besides the e3 stuff uh more grand theft auto 4 that's about it
of course um my gaming week obviously with e3 kind of uh you know being this week there wasn't
a whole lot i played outside of e3 but i will tell you once i got home one of the first things
i wanted to do well i did play a little bit of fall past 11 because i mentioned in a previous
show i'd gone back to it i haven't played a whole lot but i did finally have my first experience
party and uh yeah the level sync's pretty cool you don't have to worry about everybody being
you know a certain level range anymore you just kind of do your thing uh so it makes it a lot
easier just kind of hit the ground and get started i do notice though you do still sometimes have to
wait a while for people to show up and stuff i have yet to see i hear there's more stuff you can
do duo and trio i've yet to really see that but um hopefully hopefully i'll see that a little more
you know to be fair i haven't played a whole lot of hours in this game uh because e3 got in the
way and right as soon as i got home from e3 one thing i wanted to do i was like you know i kind
of want to go play final fantasy 7 because that just came out you know on the whole playstation
3 i haven't played that game in years my discs are so scratched up they don't work anymore so
i think i want to go play final fantasy 7 and then as i was downloading it after paying the
10 to download it i realized oh crap final fantasy 4 the after years came out this week
i have got to go play that because final fantasy 4 is like my favorite final fantasy ever at least
the one i have the most like nostalgia with you know because that was my first real in-depth
final fantasy game that i just got totally immersed with i mean i remember playing the
very first one on the nes when i was like nine or ten years old i don't remember how old i was
but i remember playing that very first one on the nes and it was cool but um i didn't really get
immersed until final fantasy 2 here in the us which as we all know is really 4 so finally i i
i'm very excited to hear the sequel came out and it's on cell phones so i checked out final
fantasy 4 the after years on the wii and uh yeah my nostalgia strings were successfully tugged
i was kind of surprised at how much of just kind of a reskinning of final fantasy 4 a lot of it
was i mean i'm not even joking like the same overworld map a lot of the same like city maps
i mean some of the dungeon maps are new but pretty much the same city maps same music um now granted
they gave it those little minor upgrades that you know it kind of gets when it's when they're coming
over to the wii but basically i felt like i was playing something on virtual console but of course
i had to remind myself okay rob you are playing a port of a cell phone game so i mean i guess if
i could compare it to anything it would be very similar to playing like final fantasy 4 on game
boy advance or wonder swan color like you know that kind of like slightly souped up
upgrade from the original super nintendo one um but here's the interesting thing about it
is that it's it's episodic so what you're paying i think it was what 800 wii points i think to
download the game what you're buying is really only about five or six hours worth of game oh
wonderful if you go if you want to get these seven other episodes with the spin-off characters
they're like 300 wii points each and then the final chapter is supposed to be another 800 points
but i guess they're rolling this out slowly like there's a side story on ridia out now i haven't
really played it yet i i plan to though um and then once you complete all these side stories
you can use the characters from the side stories in the closing chapter is what i hear is supposed
to happen so i mean that's kind of cool here's here's the thing it plays and feels like final
fantasy 4 on the super nintendo not on the ds no voice acting nothing i mean it plays and feels
so if you want an old school super nintendo rpg if that's what you've been clamoring for if that's
what you miss much like you appealed to mega man or mega man 9 appealed to you because you missed
the old school nes mega man games then you will like final fantasy 4 the after years but if this
isn't the type of game you grew up on and stuff and maybe this isn't you know 2d rpgs aren't your
thing you might kind of find this game to be a little bit of a rip and i will tell you for only
six hours worth of gameplay it's it's a bit of a challenge for me to wholeheartedly endorse this
but i go you know what it's a fairly well written story at least what i've gotten into so far
just just playing it all over again is is kind of making me giddy i actually kind of
am having a lot of fun with it and that's what really games are all about so if you
want the nostalgia final fantasy 4 all over again definitely go check this out but you know what
this made me think about as i was playing it here's the thing what what what really made me
think about uh this was this whole story that we've been covering on the show the last couple
weeks you know how square shut down that chrono trigger fan project remember how somebody was
making this chrono trigger rom for the super nintendo that was like it was like using the
old chrono trigger data but it was like a news story and all this stuff remember this and square
sent them a cease and desist letter and we were like you bastards why did you shut down this
project it was just a fan thing I realized this week they shut it down
because that's what they did with Final Fantasy for the after years that's what
it is it's a reskin Final Fantasy 4 with new dialogue new stuff it didn't hit me
until now square before us huh yes in a way I mean even though this game's
already been out in Japan on cell phones for a while I think that's why they shut
the chrono trigger project down if this Final Fantasy 4 thing is successful I
betcha they're gonna do one for chrono trigger it's probably cheap to do so
there's yeah that's why it got shut down it is cheap to do it's all is is
programming you know scenarios and you know no real sprite creating since you've
already you're using the same sprites just creating a few world maps already
spread to be fair and Henderson Henderson man says this in chat there are
new characters and yes there are some new characters the guards wedge and I
always thought it was Vicks but it's now bigs in this game maybe that has
somebody to do the translation play bigger roles in this game see a door is
a new character so to be fair there are some new sprites of new characters and
things but a lot of recycled monsters I don't think I've run into a single new
monster yet I mean they're all monsters from the old game I mean and some new
maps like Devil's Road which is the road that connects massidia and Baron you
used to just go in there and it will be and you appear in Baron well now they've
actually made like I don't I don't think this is very spoilery and I apologize if
you feel it is but they've made a little dungeon to go with the connection now
that you have to work your way through so to say they have just only reskinned
it that's that wouldn't be a fair thing to say they have done minor tweaks but
I'm telling you you're gonna play this game and you're gonna be like I feel
like I'm playing Final Fantasy 4 plus I feel like I've popped in my Final
Fantasy 2 with two cartridge from the Super Nintendo and unlocked a whole like
secret level that wasn't there that's what it feels like and that's why this
chrono trigger fan project got shut down because maybe this is the direction
square setting it let's see the Rob D and chat says the translator Final
Fantasy 6 apparently wasn't a Star Wars fan well all the Super Nintendo Final
Fantasy yeah I remember it was it was something to do with Star Wars always
bigs and wedge that's right okay so thank you Rob D that's right Vicks was a
mr. mistranslation in the American Final Fantasy 2 and 3 they did Vicks what
instead of wedge but but or and instead of bigs so it makes sense I figured it
was something like that as well but not in seven mm-hmm remember were they in
that game they weren't they might have been like yeah they usually show up as
guards somewhere black wolf our good buddy who celebrated his 200th episode
right before we went live tonight says and chat hell telltale does the same
thing and we love them and 300 points isn't that bad it's really not 300
points for a couple hours worth of gameplay I think is worth it but you
know I just understand you're gonna be spending your money on something old
school if you're spoiled by all these newfangled 3d graphics and things I
don't know if there's a lot here for you but if you love Final Fantasy 4 as much
as I do you're gonna love this I think I think it's definitely worth the price
and and quite honestly I think all the add-ons will probably be worth it too
hell I saw a great argument the other day on a forum or something Final
Fantasy 2 as a cartridge when it came out was like $70 okay it was like $70
and this was back in what 91 so that's probably like $100 by today's standards
so you know the nickel and diming doesn't feel quite so bad here so there
you go and Henderson man and Chad apparently is a fan of the game and says
and that's what I wanted from the after years by the way Rydia story is about
three is three dollars for about four hours so yeah I mean don't get me wrong
I'm not slamming the game for what they doin it's just you know know what you're
getting into I was caught a little off guard I was expecting it to be kind of
like newer and fancier but now that I'm kind of playing it I'm like you know
there's a part of me that's kind of glad it's not it is kind of neat to revisit
that game I loved literally loved you know 15 years ago 15 18 years ago so I
do endorse Final Fantasy for the after years if you are a fan of Final Fantasy
for it all um Rob D in chat says yes but times are different now why should we
judge it by antiquated pricing not to say it's not worth it I just don't think
that's a good argument fair enough I see your point but you know there's a lot of
crap out there they are trying to charge this five and ten dollars and do some of
this episodic money for I think you know again if you know what you're getting
into if you know you want that Final Fantasy for old-school nostalgia you
know not a lot of people complain about Mega Man 9 I think it's gonna be worth
it so all right and separate 1215 says that's nothing I think Phantasy Star 4
was like $100 that's true that was a really expensive Genesis game it was
this crazy Street Fighter 2 and Mortal Kombat when they first came out for the
Super Nintendo were also extremely expensive if I remember I remember
paying $65 for killer instinct that actually isn't even the most I've ever
spent for a Nintendo cartridge super Nintendo cartridge I did import the
Sailor Moon super s fighting game for a hundred and ten bucks cool my early days
of importing yeah did you get import game is a whole nother story so there
you go so Henderson man kind of concludes this is the last thing I want
to say on the Final Fantasy 4 after years well think of it like this the
total price for Final Fantasy 4 the after years is $37 for the full game
about the same price as a DS game remake and that's true and you know what and in
the end when you add up all these hours that would be what like 21 and it
probably about 30 hours of gameplay which is about what you get out of a DS
cartridge anyway so you know but just again not going to be your cutting-edge
graphics think Mega Man 9 but Final Fantasy that's all I'm saying I'd pay
for it seriously I I I I my nostalgia strings are extremely tickled by this
game extremely and I hear the story gets really good I'm really avoiding spoilers
I am I'm probably only about an hour and a half two hours into the main episode
I know I have plenty more to go but I'm I'm I'm squealing so far are you
squealing in a girly manner a little bit of both all right anyhow let's uh let's
move on and get into some housekeeping tonight housekeeping we are slowly
getting the podcast caught up after our storage drive to corruption we're almost
caught up now we just need last week in this week and this should all be caught
up by the time the next show airs so I'm sorry again to our faithful who listen
to us on the podcast feed sorry we have not been more reliable recently I hope
you will still stick with us and continue to tell friends about the show
it is never our intent to make you feel abandoned so sorry about that um also I
don't really have a whole lot else so follow us on Twitter at at twitter.com
slash olr or our Facebook is orange lounge radio I'm pretty much gonna stop
plugging myspace because I'm pretty much over myspace does anyone use myspace
anymore I did last night like to what clear out spam that's what I do know to
look up a band called stove a core which is a band that's all heavy metal that
dresses up like Klingons and singing Klingon well all right we're on myspace
and if you want to add us there you can but I'm gonna be honest we haven't been
doing a whole lot with it but to be honest we haven't done a lot of Facebook
either we need to tape like special shows and things I will say this though
our YouTube channel after like two or three years we'll finally get some new
content we did take video on the e3 show floor we got me singing karaoke revolution
the new DDR games yeah second so there will be some stuff going to the orange
looking incredibly bored playing the new DDR game because it's incredibly boring
all right well let's get to it let's talk e3 let's talk about e3 and and how
it all went down we have no script tonight so let's just kind of I guess
since you brought up DDR let's start with the music games it's where our fan
you know the the fans have been listening to us for seven years know us from way
back then let's talk about music games because there's been some very good
music games at e3 some very bad music games at e3 and some very non-existent
music games at e3 that's where I want to start where the hell was DJ hero isn't
this game supposed to be out in a couple months it was shown behind closed doors
well how nice did they let people play it they had it demoed on a live stage
they had demoed in front of a crowd and that was pretty cool but they didn't get
they didn't let people play it and I'm what are they trying to hide I don't
know is the game not done yet are there songs that are there trying to be you
know I did they not want people breaking the peripheral out on the show floor I
I could be wrong chatters please correct me if I'm wrong is DJ hero isn't DJ
hero getting released this summer it's getting released this fall okay so there
are still a few months out so maybe they are still making some fine in October
okay October I thought it was out in June October 20th scratch was supposed
to be out in June that's why I thought that yet scratch scratch I did not see
in the show floor at all I got up to leave trouble I heard it was there
though but I didn't get to see it I've already kind of seen it so you know
whatever um let's see so so there's not a lot to say on DJ hero huge booth to
put on music and play these you know DJ here oh and do this now stuff granted DJ
hero wasn't you know available to play which is too bad because there have been
lines everywhere for that stuff but neither was rest of like activisions
kind of music tiles no guitar hero 5 no guitar hit well guitar o van Halen was
around guitar hero van Halen was at Sony's booth yes yes but not activisions
no guitar hero PSP which was a kind of a you know slipped under the radar there
no band hero but they had a trailer for that although I didn't see it I just
know that they did but they had it on stage they were demoing on stage and DJ
hero looks sweet yeah I mean don't be wrong DJ hero looks great but it looks
fun to play it I want to play it I do want to get my hands on it and see for
myself I understand I guess that's what I'm trying to do maybe that's what
they're trying to do is leave it a mystery for all of us but I don't I just
I don't know I still get frustrated at e3 when I see these like millions of
dollars spent to like you know do this big DJ hero show for what I don't know
behind closed doors for speciality white 100% behind it yeah because you know
before they were only showing half the controller like what the hell and you
know before that you're probably you know people were there expecting people
to go oh my goodness you know what is this you know this looks so cool you
know I'll learn more about it but people were just kind of going how are you
gonna play this this this looks dumb what are they doing you know and then
they finally you know just during e3 they finally released the rest of the
pictures of you know what the actual controller was you know beside the fact
it was in game informer but you know actually having it free to look at
outside of game in former you know they just put up the stuff for it but yeah I
mean it looks cool and I like watching it being performed and they did it they
did both just you know an actual song that they did the one that they had the
Beastie Boys mash-up thing where the guy was playing the guitar. Both of them look pretty cool, but um...
I don't know. I mean, besides, you know, being able to play it, I mean, it looks cool.
Um, all right, so we had Guitar Hero, and yeah, Van Halen, I guess, was confirmed or whatever.
Yeah, it was already coming out. We already knew it.
Scratch was nowhere to be seen. All right, Konami's booth, they had the new DDR and games on the Wii and the
PlayStation 2. Did you hear what they're doing with DDR? No, what? Oh, you're gonna love this.
Can I mini rant? Why don't I do my mini rant, and then you can piss me off even more what you're about to say.
Okay?
Keep in mind, folks, this show would not exist if it weren't for DDR.
I love what DDR has done for my life and the people it's introduced me to and all of this stuff. That being said,
I went to go play DDR at Konami's booth on the PlayStation 2 and on the Wii.
I cannot tell these fucking games apart anymore. Like, I don't even know what it's called.
I didn't even bother to look up the name because it's the same fucking thing as last year with just different songs.
That is what DDR has turned into. It's everybody's worst fear that we all kind of, you know, and
a couple years ago when some of these games were new, people were kind of heckling and saying,
this is just gonna turn into like a sports game where it's just, you know, it's the roster update 2009.
It's just new songs.
I apologize. You were right.
You were right. That's what the franchise has turned into. It's roster update 2009 with new songs. I see nothing here to report on.
Rihanna's in it. Whoopee!
On the Wii one, you can now play on the balance board and shake your hips. Yay!
That is new. That is something legitimately new. It is new and it is stupid.
I agree. I agree with the stupid part, but hey, it is new. Then, not only that, not, okay,
so it would piss off fans enough that they didn't really do anything with the song list, that song list sucks, and that, you know,
the songs that they've just brought back a bunch of older songs and stuff like that.
That would be fine as it is. Oh, but they didn't leave it there.
No, let's piss people off by taking Dynamite Rave and changing the lyrics to it, making it even worse.
I hate to tell you, but they already did that. Download the DDR for the iPhone.
You can download Brilliant 2U with lyrics, and it'll make your inner Bamani fanboy cry.
Well, it's still sad. I'm just, I'm just, I'm done. That's how long it's been since I played it. I've given up on Konami.
I've given up on these games. I officially give up. But Rob, how can they possibly innovate this game?
Can I, can I read, can I read these comments from chat real fast?
Comments from chat, act deft. Eight arrows for the 360 and PS3. Alpha-Cananagram, did you try PS3 360 version with eight arrow pad?
No, it was not on the floor.
Nope, and they did have that, and Technomotion did it first.
You know what, though? I don't care. Technomotion was shit. If you ever actually played Technomotion, it was fucking garbage.
Okay? It's the one game everybody talked about back in the day, like, hey, I played Technomotion, because nobody had it.
Why? Because it was fucking garbage. So, okay, fine, if this is how DDR is gonna innovate with the eight arrow pad, whatever, let's see the goods.
Maybe I'll change my mind. I'm not convinced adding four more arrows is gonna make it any more fun.
It's not gonna make it any more fun.
Oh, is that what you were gonna tell me is gonna piss me off even more?
Yes. Because it's not gonna make it more fun, because they don't understand. They don't understand what, seriously, they need someone to kick their ass.
It's because they don't really get it. They're trying to focus this game on, you know, the casual audience, the people that picked this up.
But the problem is, you know, you had an install base already, and all you're doing is like, okay, screw this install base, because they're gonna buy whatever we put out,
because, you know, everybody keeps telling them, oh, buy Konami products, and then they'll, you know, put out more.
But people aren't doing that anymore, and so now you're going after these new people instead of trying to recapture the fans.
You already had your base right there. If you kept them happy, you would be selling enough each year.
News slash, Konami does not care about the DDR fan base, because we all got old.
It's been 10 years, and we're all too old to dance now, so they are going after children.
I mean, that's what it is. I hate to break it to you folks. Konami does not care. You're all 30 now.
Konami does not care about you anymore. You're all gonna have kids, and they want your kids playing DDR. That's where it's at.
The thing they need to remember is that we, for all of us who grew up gamers, we're not gonna buy shit for our kids.
We're not gonna buy them crappy games. We're gonna buy them stuff that we'll want to play too.
But the thing, I mean, I was even thinking about this on the ride over here today.
Like, the problem with Konami is they don't get what makes their games sell.
It's basically, you know, with DDR, it was all about the music and kind of the surprises.
Like, with each different mix, they were adding something that was kind of new that was surprising.
Like, the freeze arrows and stuff, that was kind of surprising for us.
There was a new element in there that got people interested, but it wasn't just the gimmicks.
It was also the soundtrack, because the soundtrack had core elements that, you know, the fans could rely on.
You know, there was gonna be a dance meeting attraction. You know, there was gonna be some good, you know, in-house music that they would have done.
You know, new challenge songs and stuff like that, and new elements thrown in there. But now, they don't really want to do any of that.
So what they're gonna do is, and I'm not even, you know, I'm with you. I don't even know what the hell they're calling this game, because it just said Dance Dance Revolution.
I don't care!
Nor do I, yeah. I don't care either, but-
I don't want to tell you what it's called. Honestly.
As a journalist, or whatever you- yeah, right. You know, whatever. As a blogger, pod, whatever the fuck I am.
As me, I don't want to tell you what it's called, because I don't care.
That's the point I've gotten to with these games. I know people work very hard on them. Again, you know, I-
No, they don't work very hard on them! I'm sorry! I don't see it!
Well, here's the thing. Here's the thing. And tell me if I- I think this chatter is absolutely right.
Sephiroth1215 says, no, they don't care anymore because Jason Enos is gone. That's when DDR went downhill. That's true.
I ran into him-
That is exactly it.
I ran into him a few months ago, actually. He works at EA now.
He doesn't work with them anymore.
Well, he also saw the games live.
Yeah, so, I mean, he's, you know, not there anymore, and you're right. He was really tapped into the family.
He used me so my Sims 3 is good now.
I don't know if I can say what game he's been working on, but I- well, it's- well, I don't know.
Anyway, but it's more casual games, I guess, is what he's doing now. Maybe we'll get him on the show at some point.
I'll shoot an email or something. But, yeah, you know, obviously that was huge.
Well, not just that, but the whole San Francisco office shut down, and that's where a lot of the fans were working on the steps.
I mean, that was huge.
I don't buy that, oh, well, you know, there's people working hard in this game.
Well, that's pretty sad, then, if this is the best you can do.
I mean, because really, all he did was just recycle the whole engine again, maybe change some assets to it,
and just said, okay, what songs are we gonna throw in there now?
All right, here's the licensed songs we want. Okay, let's see what else we can fill up the song list with.
All right, so, look, moving on.
It was our game to advertise their music.
Dance Dance Revolution, awesome if you're 7.
Okay, so, by the way, if you need further proof that Konami does not care about the fans from 10 years ago,
look at what they did to Papa Music on the Wii, right?
They're relaunching Papa Music with this whole new control scheme and, I guess, song lists and stuff.
They say 150 classic tracks will be downloadable at launch.
Is this the new PS3 one?
Yes.
I, to be fair, I might check it out.
The Nostalgia Fanboy in me kind of is curious, but it's a thin line with me right now that they're walking.
Thin line.
You want to see the nature of the train wreck?
Anyhow, because I love DDR at its core.
That's why I get so impassioned about looking at where it's at now.
It's really frustrating when it really isn't that hard to turn this thing around,
but they just don't want to do it.
Anyhow, Karaoke Revolution was also at Konami's booth.
I was surprised at how current the song list was, because they had, like,
My Life Will Suck Without You, Just Dance by Lady Gaga.
They did have some current tracks.
But, honestly, to me, it felt like the same game we had on the PlayStation 2,
without the American Idol stuff now, just with, you know, 720p, slightly souped-up engine.
I didn't see a lot of new stuff in there.
I imagine they're going to have the download store like every other music game now.
Again, you know, and you might think,
Why do I need this when I have Sing Star or when I have Rock Band?
Well, A, you're going to get more pop songs than this.
So I guess its closest competition is really the Sing Star and Lips Games.
And probably the Lips Games suck.
And, well, they actually were debuting a new one on the floor that looked really nice.
I mean, I think the Lips Game looks better than Karaoke Revolution,
but I have a feeling Karaoke Revolution is going to be more of a robust jukebox by the time it's done,
which is kind of sad because Sony owns their own record label.
But when you look at what's available on Sing Star, it's very narrow,
especially when you consider that most of it is UK-based music, which isn't a bad thing.
They have some great music over there,
but not a lot of tunes that are going to be a big hit at parties here in the US,
because nobody's going to know them.
So that is a fair point.
Anyhow, I think that's where Karaoke Revolution may win some people over,
because I think there's a lot of people who haven't taken the plunge into Sing Star or Lips
that might still be able to get brought on board with Karaoke Revolution.
I don't know.
I do have nice things to say about Konami.
One of my favorite games of the show was at their booth,
but before we get to that, I want to talk about one of my favorite games of the show, Period,
which was a music game, Beatles Rock Band.
Yes! Oh my god, I saw the trailer.
Everybody's talking about that introduction and how amazing it is.
And let me tell you, the game itself looks just awesome.
Loki, I don't know, you want to talk about our experience at Beatles Rock Band?
Well, I mean, the thing everybody's harping on, you know,
harmonics and both Activision and that kind of stuff, and EA,
is that they're taking these band-specific games
and they're kind of whoring out their franchise.
Well, the thing with Beatles Rock Band is a little bit different
than, say, what they're doing with the Guitar Hero stuff.
The Guitar Hero games, they're coming out, they're kind of adding, you know,
they're re-skinning it a little bit, you know, and adding the artists that they're focusing on,
or, you know, greatest hits or, you know, or smash hits or just some generic stuff.
But with Beatles Rock Band, they have actually completely redone the game.
Similar with, actually, Lego Rock Band, a little bit.
But with Beatles Rock Band, they've redone the whole style of the game.
It's kind of this, you know, very stylized version of stuff.
The, I like the new things that they're doing now with the Dreamscapes,
which they kind of touched on a little bit in the trailers,
and the intro where you see some really trippy stuff that goes along with the songs.
I mean, that's really cool and different.
And, you know, the three-point harmonies are pretty cool in there,
and how you don't really have to...
Those stages for Here Comes the Sun and Octopus Gardens, those Dreamscapes,
that was amazing.
Amazing.
Yeah.
The three-part harmonies are pretty cool.
How you can, you know, pick which one you want to do.
And just like the little stuff that they've added,
little tweaks to make the game flow better and play better and is more fun.
And that kind of stuff, you know, focusing on the gameplay was really cool.
And they're even a supporter with download content.
Obviously, you're not gonna be able to take Beatles Rock Band
and be able to download the songs to Rock Band 2 or anything like that.
It makes sense because, one, it's a different...
You know, they had an exclusive deal with, you know,
Apple Core and you can't really do that.
And, two, this game also supports the three-part harmonies,
which is currently not in Rock Band,
so you wouldn't be able to really translate that stuff over.
Now, also, I could see that being in maybe Rock Band 3,
you know, whenever that decides to come out.
So maybe that'll be something we'll get in the next game.
But they are working on different things.
Thank you, Harmonix, though, for not putting out a Rock Band 3 this year.
Can I just say that?
Thank you for not showing Rock Band 3.
However, at the same time, you did show Rock Band Lego thing,
which is kind of, like, that's...
I guess, in a way, that's cheating.
It's more for, like, the pop stuff,
like, for the family, you know, type songs,
more pop kind of stuff.
And that was kind of neat looking.
But they are doing the same thing on the Activision side with Band Hero.
They just didn't really show much of it.
Sephiroth1215 says,
Okay, so I say the Beatles can suck it.
Why should I buy this game?
Which is fair.
Not everybody respects the classic music stuff,
or, you know, music might not be for everybody.
But I'll tell you what.
Here's the thing.
And somebody...
I don't know if I overheard this at the booth,
or somebody told me this,
and I apologize if it was you,
and I'm not giving you credit.
But somebody said,
You know what?
No matter...
No matter what kind of music you listen to,
you hear these songs in the Beatles games.
You can't help but hum along or recognize these songs.
How often do you play Rock Band or Rock Band 2,
and like, you're like,
I've never heard that song before.
And I can't do that song.
But like with the Beatles songs,
there's an awful lot of them.
You just know.
Because they are so embedded in our culture.
You know a lot of these songs.
I think that's a big part of it.
Plus, for me,
the Rock Band Beatles,
that's the way to do an artist's game.
It makes the Guitar Hero,
Aerosmith games,
and Van Halen games,
and Metallica games look like cheap reskins.
Can you imagine,
like, if they did like a Pink Floyd,
or something really trippy and stuff,
with like a Rock Band type thing.
The same different stylized stuff,
or like a Gorillaz game,
or something like that.
Same, you know,
stylized way.
Just they should change it up with each artist if they do it.
And then they would be really cool.
You know, I just think this is the way to do it.
And by the way,
if you don't understand what I meant earlier
about how DDR needs to kind of, you know,
innovate itself and change,
this is a perfect example.
You know what I mean?
Like, when my expectations going into this,
because of all the other music games I've seen lately,
were very low,
going in to look at the Beatles Rock Band,
and just kind of seeing that they've really made it
like a Beatles experience.
I was like, wow,
they know how to do it.
And honestly,
I think other companies could be really learning a lot from this,
and hopefully they are.
I don't know.
So I just, you know,
it just,
it felt like,
it's so hard for me to put into words.
It's something you have to see for yourself, I guess.
But it feels,
it doesn't feel like a cheap reskinning
or a cash-in type game.
It feels like a Beatles tribute.
It's great.
Yeah, so we watched some people play that,
and it was cool,
and, you know.
Lego Rock Band,
since that got brought up a minute ago.
I'm not as excited about that.
Now that does look like a cheap reskinning of an old game.
I gotta be honest.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's gonna have the pop songs and all that stuff,
which I suppose is gonna make or break the deal,
and it's, you know, for the kids or what have you.
But I was a little,
I literally was looking at Lego Rock Band going,
this just looks like Rock Band 2 with Lego people.
They didn't really show off a lot of stuff
that they were talking about though.
Remember with Lego Rock Band,
they said they're gonna have like,
kind of an adventure mode type stuff,
where you, you know,
battle monsters and whatnot while,
you know, playing music,
that kind of stuff.
So that might be something kind of neat,
and the soundtrack really kind of
would make or break this game, I think.
But right now,
no, it's hard to say.
It just looks neat,
because you can rock out into a Lego pirate ship
and that kind of stuff.
I mean, that's just kind of neat.
I'd do that anyway.
And in the end, you know,
it really, you don't have to buy this game.
I mean, it's just optional.
If it's something that you think would be cool,
cool, pick it up,
and you know,
it's only, I mean,
I don't think it's being sold in the bundles, so.
Two things Bobby wants me to point out.
A, on the Beatles game,
a, you do not fill in with the drums anymore.
You just hit a green note that's optional.
It won't break your combo,
and it will,
some of the green notes turn into your activation thing,
and then if you hit it, it does that.
Because, and this makes sense,
the Beatles songs did not have fill-ins,
and they don't want to change up the music or what have you.
So, makes sense.
They made a pretty big altercation there
in the drum parts with that.
Alteration?
I guess.
Black Wolf in chat also kind of sent me this
as kind of like a food for thought,
and I actually think it's a really interesting theory.
I want to read this.
The conspiracy behind Lego Rock Band.
Think about which music company's CEO felt
that they aren't getting enough money
from licensing for music games.
Now think about which company is publishing Lego Rock Band.
Now realize that download content for Lego Rock Band
is not compatible with Rock Band 2.
Connect the dots.
That's an amazing thought, actually,
and something I think a lot of people are overlooking.
That probably has a lot to do with it.
Absolutely.
Probably.
Because, right, isn't Warner putting out the...
Yes, it is.
And which record label was having a big stink?
Uh-huh.
I think you've stumbled onto something, Bobby.
Good job.
Gold star.
He is Scooby Snack.
All right.
We share the radio night with you here on All Games
for a reason, Bobby.
I didn't see the DJ game for the DS there,
and I also didn't see that other Army member in DJ game.
No, which is a bummer.
I was looking forward to seeing that, too.
No DJ Max stuff, either.
I know we have some fans of DJ Max.
I didn't see an appearance from that company, either.
No.
So nothing there at the show, anyway.
Well, they're kind of small.
I mean, in the grand scheme of things.
Yeah.
And those folks that were thinking that,
oh, Kensha Hall is lost and gone and what have you,
you could still feel their presence there a little bit.
But in the space that would have been taken up by Blizzard
and some of these other companies that didn't come to E3
this year, they did have some of the old Kensha Hall,
like DDR game.
They're always there at E3 showing off their hard pads
and stuff.
They were there doing their thing.
So they still have some of the old Kensha Hall companies
are making a showing in the Indiecade,
which was kind of cool.
So all right.
What do we want to do?
Let's talk about some of the press conferences.
Why not?
I know you guys probably have heard all that you wanted
to hear on the press conferences.
I just want to recap.
Give you guys a chance to give your input on the press
conferences what you thought.
I was following Twitter during a lot of this too.
Were you?
Because I was at work.
And of course, I can't get on to watch any of the stuff.
But I was getting feedback through Twitter.
And there's some very interesting things.
I stayed home.
You know what pissed me off on the Twitter thing?
People that declared Microsoft one before Sony was done.
Shut up.
Shut up.
You know that all the good stuff.
I mean, fanboy.
Hello, fanboy.
Sony was not even done yet.
Of course, they left their feathers in the cap until the end.
Call me a Sony fanboy if you want.
But go back in the archives of the show.
We've been highly critical.
I left it open ended.
I'm like, Microsoft has won this unless Sony really brings
something to the table that's outstanding.
Because if they brought what they brought last year,
then I don't know.
Nintendo, I'm sorry, we'll get into that.
Well, here's the thing.
Of the three press conferences, before we go over each one
in detail, if you had to pick a winner,
if you asked me to pick a winner,
you know what I'd tell you?
There was no winner.
There was no winner.
Or everybody was a winner.
It really depended on what you were looking
for this year in the games.
And honestly, I think Microsoft had a lot of great ideas.
I think Sony had a lot of great implementations.
And I think Nintendo, well, they'll always have soccer moms.
Nintendo had a lot of last year.
Oh, and then this.
That's pretty much what we had from Nintendo.
The chat room is speaking up.
Bobby Acteft and some other folks saying,
the winners are gamers.
And that's true.
And I was commenting to Loki this as I was walking
around the show floor.
I was like, you know what?
I haven't really played a shitty game yet this year.
Usually the E3, there's a lot of games
there's a real stinker of a game.
I'm kind of like, oh, I don't know about this.
I take that back.
I did play the Beatles one.
Hey, reuniting who Microsoft did on stage.
It was an impressive feat for their press conference.
So I do give Microsoft props for that.
Loki, you did find a shitty game.
I did find a shitty game.
And I can't remember what it's like.
It's a Konami game.
Surprise.
But it was actually, it was like Zephyr the elemental
or something like that.
It was supposed to be, it was the one that they had.
It's like tornado something or other.
It was the working title for it.
And it's supposed to be like Katamari where you're this,
you know, tornado and you, you know, knock over things
and you get bigger as you collect more things.
Isn't this game already on Xbox Live marketplace?
It should be a vornado game.
Yeah, basically.
And it sucked.
It was boring.
So no, I don't like that game.
That is my stinker game of E3.
I feel the need to say something nice about Konami
because we've been giving them a hard time.
And to be fair, Konami did show a couple of great things
at the show.
So before we get into the press conferences, to be fair,
I want to say this.
The Saw game actually looks interesting.
You know what?
I can admit when I may not have been right about something
before and I don't know if I would necessarily want to buy
the Saw game because I think it would be too intense for me.
But I think, you know, in observing watching other people
play and what they were going for and so forth,
I think the Saw game actually looks kind of interesting.
The graphics were certainly really good.
It kind of has a Silent Hill-ish look to it.
But you can definitely see the distinction.
It is not about psychological.
It's about like in your face, blood and gore.
Like, you know, seeing that scene where the guy reaches
in the toilet and pulls his hand up and he's got all
the needles in it.
That's just nasty.
Okay, but there's a fan.
There's people out there for that that's just nasty.
And I got to say, if you're a Fangoria type person,
Saw is probably going to appeal to you.
It's not terrible.
I still would never put any money into it, even if it was
the best game in the planet, just so I don't support
the franchise.
Seriously, that's how I feel.
Well, I'm trying to put the personal thoughts on that aside
and just evaluate the game itself.
And the game is not looking, considering it's a movie tie-in
game, it looks like it's raising the bar on those a little bit.
I just don't think I can, in good conscience,
say anything positive about it.
All right.
All right, well, I do want to say, though, a game that was
incredible at Konami's booth that I played, and not quite
my favorite game of the show, but just about my favorite
game of the show was Silent Hill Shattered Memories
on the Wii.
Oh, my gosh, this game was great, especially, and I hate
to say this, but for a Wii game, like, it was really...
I love it.
It runs really smooth.
It runs smooth.
It looks nice.
You know, it doesn't look like a high definition, but it
looks pretty good.
And, you know, a game doesn't have to necessarily look
incredible to be fun.
And I love the whole using the flashlight with the Wiimote
kind of looking around.
I love the way it controlled.
It was definitely kind of scary in parts, like when the things
would jump out of the darkness on you.
I think the game is going to piss off hardcore fans of
the Silent Hill because it looks like they've really changed
up this first game.
But you know what?
I'm okay with it.
As someone who is casually a Silent Hill fan, I think it's
pretty cool.
I like some of the changes they've made.
It's engrossing.
It's scary.
It's going to be a lot of fun, and it's a good non-party
Wii game.
Hooray!
This is what I have to say for people who, you know, fuss
just because of changes.
Without change, we'd have stagnation, and with stagnation,
we'd have death.
So if you want the franchise to die, then don't look forward
to any changes in it.
You know, don't, don't, you know, be...
But to be honest, I, you know, and I haven't played enough
of the first game, but I had a very hard time even seeing
the correlations in the first game.
I know they must be in there somewhere.
Somebody mentioned something.
I was reading on the forum somewhere about how dare they
make Dahlia look hot and sexy and all this stuff.
And you know, I guess they've made some big, big changes
to the first game.
But she was kind of a hoe.
I honestly, whatever.
The game was fun.
The changes are being made based on how you answer, like,
some of this personality stuff.
So it kind of changes it.
It's almost like, you know, how, like, different things
manifest based on, you know, the characters, you know,
intentions and, like, desires and that kind of stuff.
There's some pretty personal stuff in there.
I always remember Silent Hill 2.
The little girl never saw any of the, um, any of the monsters
or anything, that all the adults had their own special
monsters, right?
Yeah, it's something like that.
The very first thing the game does is it gives you, like,
a seven or eight question psychological evaluation.
There's some very strange questions in there, like,
have you ever cheated on a partner?
And it's supposed to be you answering them as you,
not as the character.
Have you ever role played during sex?
And all these, like, very, very personal questions.
And of course, as I was taking it,
I was trying to make myself sound like the most messed
up person on the planet, right?
So, um, you know, I'm curious.
I didn't really see what impact that's going to have
on the game, but it looked interesting.
So it is not all boos and jeers at Konami's booth.
Silent Hill Shattered Memories was definitely a huge yay.
So I did want to get that out there at some point.
Okay, now we'll talk about press conferences, shall we?
Actually, I should read some comments from chat, actually.
Uh, unfolded raptor talking about the saw game.
There is one where you have to close stall doors and read
the backwards number in the bloodstain mirror in the room
and put in the combination for the lock in order to get
to the next room.
Yeah, that puzzle was in the demo and it's, you know,
it was an interesting puzzle.
It was, you know, kind of a neat little gameplay mechanic.
I thought it was cool.
GS68 says, well, they didn't show gore.
I think he meant to say, but they showed 3d stuff
and some disgusting shit.
And that's why I don't think in the end I could actually
play the saw game.
But, um, you know, the parts I saw that where people
weren't losing looked just fine, but I don't think I'd be
able to play the game myself.
Isn't that weird to kind of say that about a video game?
Like, yes, it might be nice for those of you that are into
that kind of thing, but, uh, not me.
Whatever sinks your battleship.
Exactly.
I'm sorry.
GS68 wasn't talking about the saw game.
Oh God, he was talking about Phantom 8, 2009 hentai room.
Oh, sorry about that.
I was looking up the look in the notes there, but I'm sure
the saw game has some pretty disgusting shit in it too.
In fact, I know it does.
I did see some disgusting real quick before we go on to
the conferences.
I was going to mention some of the other announcements.
From Konami real quick.
Of course, some stuff that actually didn't make like the
keynotes, um, Kojima Productions announced Metal Gear Solid
or Metal Gear Arcade.
Okay.
Which is kind of neat.
And, um, they also, um, you may remember there was that
Castlevania type game that they were, you know, previewing
that wasn't really Castlevania.
Well, it ended up being Castlevania and it's actually being
done by Kojima, which is pretty cool.
No, I read, I heard about that.
That's going to be cool.
Patrick Stewart has a voice in it.
That makes it like infinitely cool.
Yes.
So that was definitely a big yay from Konami.
So hooray for you guys.
He's going to be Dracula.
I don't, I don't know.
Imagine Patrick Stewart is Dracula.
I hope this is a game they're showing up on the floor next
year.
That would be fantastic.
I mean, cause he can do the scary voice.
Patrick Warburton as, uh, you know, one of the Belmonts.
That'd be funny.
Ah, and then of course, and then of course, the kind of go
back to music games.
Also, Konami announced that they're, they are bringing over
that pop music for Wii with no controller.
Once again, really, that's not pop music.
Like you folks that have been following Konami for 10 years
will think it is.
So don't, you know what, do yourself a favor.
Hardcore Bomani fans.
Don't think of this game as pop music because you are just
going to be disappointed and don't buy it.
Well, I, it's not fair to say that until I've actually had
my hands on it playing it.
So I'm not going to say that, but I'm going to say, don't
think of it as pop music because you're only going to
set yourself up for disappointment.
Yeah.
But Lord, the Shadow looks awesome.
That's like a Castlevania game.
All right.
So let's, uh, let's talk about press conferences here.
We're an hour into the show.
We haven't even touched on a single press conference yet.
So let's, let's talk about the big press conferences so far.
Um, where do you want to start?
How about Nintendo?
I guess we were ragging on Nintendo a little bit.
We'll start with them.
Uh, some of the things that they mentioned, well, not all
the news was bad out of Nintendo.
I mean, certainly Metroid, other M, how about this?
Team Ninja teams up with Nintendo to put out the
next Metroid game.
The only good announcement out of, out of their press
conference.
And seriously, if they hadn't announced this, I would have
had no hope for them.
Well, this was definitely the thing to cater to the, uh,
hardcore gamers.
Yes, it's a good example of how to revitalize your
franchise.
Have someone else do it.
But we don't have, um, Itagaki.
Yeah, I know that is a little weird because it's Team Ninja
without their, their freaking rock star.
But you know, the, the trailer looked promising.
It definitely looks like a kick in the butt to the
franchise, which, you know, I guess even though I, that
means this, uh, that just means that Samus won't have,
you know, boob mechanics.
Prime was all right, but yeah, I was missing my 2D Metroid
and this is going to give it to me.
Prime did not do it for me.
I just couldn't get in the prime and corruptions, you
know, look kind of dumb.
Um, but this looks awesome.
This looks like something that could actually play and
would want to play.
Let's talk about some of the other things that came out of
the Nintendo press conference now.
So you said that was the one thing.
What about New Super Mario Brothers Wii?
The four player game on the Wii.
This is the very first game I played on the show floor,
by the way.
It's the four player, uh, like basically it's New Super
Mario Brothers from the DS.
They're like, they had like a battle mode or something in
it, I think.
Now it's on the Wii and four people at once can play.
It's, it's stupid.
You know why it's stupid?
It's because it's just porting basically the game from the
DS.
And yeah, I know it's a new, new game and stuff, but really
for, unless, you know, you're really in the party games and
really into playing this with like, you know, four people
at once, which that's fine because, you know, the Wii is
for a lot of people that want to do party games and stuff
like that.
But I just couldn't see myself breaking this out at a party
and playing this game.
It'd be like, you know, the regular New Super Mario
Brothers.
I played through it myself and that's it.
This game, if I play through it myself, I'm not going to
really get anything out of it.
And that's the problem.
Yeah, I played this on the show floor, like I said, and it
was fun.
It was, it was, you know, it's neat for people.
It was a lot of fun and very competitive, but don't be
mistaken, folks.
This is another party game on the Wii in Mario's clothing.
And don't call this New Super Mario Brothers because you
just part of this shit.
It's not new.
It's ported.
Slightly recycled.
It doesn't have the same ring to it.
It's just like, oh, come on.
Well, here's the thing.
And you know what?
You're right.
Because I asked, I'm like, so what's, I even asked the
well-educated woman that was running the little demo.
I said, so if I'm just kind of like one guy playing this, you
know, is there going to be stuff in this for me?
And she said, well, yeah, there is like a single player mode,
but it's not really, you know, that's not really the focus.
Oh, awesome.
That's not really the focus.
That's very nice.
I didn't.
Here's the thing.
And I didn't really get, to be fair, that wasn't really the
focus of the demo they were showing or not really the focus
of the game.
My opinion of what she said was that's not really the focus
of the game because if there was like a single player mode,
they would have shown it somewhere, but that's not what
they were showing.
They were showing this four player party thing.
And strangely enough, it's not online.
They had the perfect opportunity to have a fun little
online game.
Yeah, I love it because as, as Bobby was saying in his show,
because the processing power of the we can't handle online,
with this type of game it can't handle online with this type of game what
didn't brawl do that or whatever what what what the hell was this one they
just had on the game to be Smash Brothers yes we yeah they had that was
online it was like you sometimes they did it that this other game have much
better than brawl yeah it they can't handle online then you need better
programmers I'm sorry but it's a 2d game okay it's a 2d game with very low polys
and you can't handle four people online Mario Kart can handle four people online
and that's my cards fun and that's way more complex than this game why can't
you handle four people online oh I know why because you don't want to embrace
online that's really the reason behind it it's not because it's a technical
limitation because if it was a technical limitation I'm sure you'd find a way
around it it's a personal limitation it's because uh this the person that's
gonna buy this game isn't probably really into online they're probably into
soccer and they probably are a mom that
half a canana Graham and chat says Rob they said that is the game with extra
players joining in and leaving at any time so yeah that is the game that's
exactly what I'm saying don't be fooled this is a party game at least smash
brothers brawl had a single-player mode that was pretty extensive and fun all I'm
saying is that if there is you know to be fair to Nintendo if there is a
single-player fun bonanza in here I just have yet to see it so if you are
thinking you're excited about this game that's cool I hope you have friends to
play it with regularly this is when I saw this when they're like oh we have
new Super Mario Brothers now on the Wii come in this holiday I was like whoop
these shit there's also people though that I just hope you have friends it's
like you know oh we've been waiting for a Mario but another Mario Brothers game
on the Wii new Super Mario Brothers awesome no I'm sorry that wasn't awesome
Tiger Claw and chat says yeah Nintendo is forgetting that there are many of us
who don't know people in the neighborhood that own the same system so
yeah you're pretty much all alone what are you talking about everybody in the
plant does not own a Wii or I don't know doesn't want to buy this game or it
doesn't want to come over to your house all right look we got a lot of ground to
cover Mario and Luigi Bowser's Inside Story a new DS Mario and Luigi game I
I played the first few of the games in this series it is a cute role-playing
series you know it has its fans okay whatever Super Mario Galaxy 2 okay now
with Yoshi Mario Galaxy 1 was fun huh Loki where's the love it looked okay but
honestly looking at Super Mario Galaxy 1 & 2 I couldn't tell you the difference
and I bet you anything if you comprise of a trailer between 1 & 2 and you you
know kind of clip them together I bet you no one could tell you what games or
what levels for were from which games because they look that similar Oh Yoshi's
in it now oh my mistake Yoshi's in this well obviously it's a sequel now but I
mean really it they didn't do that much to it I mean whereas you know like Super
Mario World you know Super Mario World 1 & 2 I mean those are very different
games yeah they were really different games I mean granted world 2 was kind of
annoying but um hey world 2 was awesome I was really a baby I mean oh just mute
the damn TV if it gets to you or don't suck so much and keep losing the baby
then you won't hear it cry but that's that's that's what Mario Galaxy 2 needs
a crying baby on the back of Yoshi touch fuzzy get dizzy but that's the thing
though it's like I mean I understand that they're working on a Mario game but
it's like they're almost like oh my god fans keep berating us for new Mario game
what are we gonna do let's just take the old engine to add some new levels to it
you know whereas if the Nintendo Wii had actually been you know designed so that
you can accept download content we wouldn't have Mario you know galaxy 2 we
would have download content for Mario Galaxy and there would be your levels
all right inner logic and chat says okay there's a lot of yelling going on how
about switching to a subject that can let everyone relax how about we use our
inside maybe 3do talk okay well just for you inner logic let me ask Loki about
this little gem here one big thing that the Nintendo had to unveil at their
press conference the Wii vitality sensor I laughed so hard what he's just sitting
up there talking about the next big innovation it's like oh what are you
gonna show us what are you gonna show us I know it's gonna be lame but what are
you gonna show us and then boom the vitality sensor I'm like what the hell
is this and like everybody I think was like what Thank You Nintendo for giving
us shit we don't need like they're all it's gonna take the gaming to the next
level for geriatrics maybe no seriously a heart monitor for we fit it dude I can
give myself an electrocardiogram on those seriously they're like you know
it's gonna it's gonna allow you you know that this detects more stuff than just
the heart rate you know and I'll be relaxed great you'll tell me I'm
unhealthy in new ways that I didn't think possible that's really gonna help
me relax what does your we do now let's see brain aid brain age tells you you're
dumb we fit tells you you're fat I mean now this thing's just gonna tell you
your heart's bad to our games to screw with the Americans I'm sorry you're all
they're gonna do is come out with another game that's gonna have some mini
games based on this accessory and then that's it imagine though Wario where
with the weave I tell it some of the mini games stop beating I'm sorry it's
gonna be dumb and no it also makes it dumb is they should have done this like
Bluetooth or something like that so that you can utilize it with like the we
nunchuck and stuff like that oh no it just goes in the you know expansion slot
for the Wii remote so you can't plug in a nunchuck anymore you just have the Wii
Vitality sensor and I would like to bet you money there's a goddamn Wario where
game that uses this stupid sensor somehow I bet you any and how long how
long may I ask before we hear about an injury where someone has inserted their
penis into the vitality sensor because I bet you anything someone will do that
because if it's got some sort of way to attach to something someone's gonna
strike try to stick their penis in there and that's what's gonna happen
that's immediately when I thought what I saw I'm like how long is it gonna take
before someone sticks their penis in that I know that's gonna happen I think
you just made Rob hurt I hurt you know what I didn't even think about this he's
right guys okay chat room who's gasping and saying WTF and so on he's fucking
right you know it he's fucking right how long before someone sticks their dick in
it I mean that's just the question about all of humanity and any object that God
can put in front of us how long before someone puts their dick in it
oh grandma me grandma me cello did how long before someone puts their dick in
it exactly it's mashed potatoes see now all we need is to talk about farting and
we'll be cool and then and then I'd like to finish off the rest of their their
wonderful conference they talked about Wii Sports Resort and they added talked
about the new games there which are fine you know they're they're neat you know
but you know you have to have the Wii motion plus so guess what if you want
your friends over you guys spend another $80 to buy four more you know or I guess
another 60 on top of the game to buy you know three more Wii motion pluses and
then on top of all that then they have we was it we fit plus which may
insinuate that it's using Wii motion plus but oh no that would be a wrong
assumption because really it's just the old game brought back with ten new
exercises and like some online you know data sharing or something like that
whoop-dee-doo but guess what they're gonna have new bundles and people are
gonna be dumb and not realize that it's actually the same game they just bought
and they're gonna buy it all over again frisbee says now that's what I call
touch generation games although res with the Wii vitality sensor might be kind of
fun all right other things out of Nintendo's press conference Wii Sports
Resort I actually played this game on the floor it was some I played the
archery game which was you know what can I say about Wii Sports it's the type of
thing that's fun at a party when I have friends over hey let's play Wii Sports
let's have a little competition you know because you know we're at a party and
drinking so we can't go outside and play so let's do some Wii Sports but I don't
think I would ever play this by myself like hey I'm bored I want to shoot
archery did you ever figure out what exactly we motion plus does I mean it
looks like it just allows motion detection in more places I mean to be
honest the archery thing did feel natural and I think with the controller
they have today it would have been a little bit because we remember it's
shaking way back we did play archery in deca support yeah how I don't know if
you remember that that much not really but I do I seem to recall there was more
I don't know it just seemed more precision I don't know I don't know how
to explain it I don't know don't get me wrong I don't think this Wii motion plus
is anything that special I didn't but keep in mind this is the only thing I
got to see I stood in a fairly long line just to play this and then I got kicked
out for some filming of something thank you very much Nintendo at least I got a
frisbee you know but whatever and it's that's part of the give-and-take of e3
you know so I can't base my entire judgment of this game off of what I
played however you know again I didn't see anything that made me go oh you know
I need this game Red Seal 2 though looked awesome with how so I didn't
really check that out it ran really smooth 60 frames per second the Wii
motion plus and sword tracking really worked and it looked fun unlike Red Seal
1 which sucked other games shown in Nintendo's press conference Wii Fit Plus
which I also actually played on the show floor and you know you know I've
actually been somewhat of an advocate of Wii Fit despite all the crap we give
Nintendo I do think Wii Fit is a good thing Wii Fit Plus more for people who
don't already own it I can't see my I mean it really depends on the price
point I didn't see how much they were gonna charge for this game I can't see
myself paying a lot of money for it if it's not going to give me anything that
special if that makes sense what if it is more mini games what if they make we
lipo I'd probably buy it are we gastric bypass I could use that no I don't I
wouldn't want that too many risks with that but the game the game I played on
the floor was a bicycling game where you use the Wii mode it's like the
handlebars on a bike and you kind of March in place to pedal your bike it was
it was a good workout and it was it was a cute mini game so that I mean there
was like a marching band mini game it looks like some of their new mini games
are pretty inventive but is it going to be worth 40 bucks for just these few new
mini games I don't know depends how much how good that online functionality is
but based on what I saw I don't really see anything that justifies 40 bucks 20
bucks maybe but I highly doubt that's what they're charging for it it's not
going to be 20 bucks exactly so um let's see what other kind of stuff was
announced in a press conference that's pretty much all that I have on my list I
don't know if there was others of your eyes announced hmm that didn't quite
make their press conference new colors that's right it was about time now Japan
during the summer we'll be getting a black we that's right black wheeze
coming on August 1st and we'll be coming with you know colored accessories as
well including the black we mote classic controller and classic controller Pro
which they actually did have that in a little like case over there kept walking
by and go what the hell is that but don't really care and also we'll be
getting a D red DSI system as well launching July 11th I wouldn't be
surprised if we see this around Christmas cuz that would be about the
time to put out something I want to buy the system but it wasn't black oh now I
get to buy it you know really I don't think so but okay then they also had
some other games that they were showing off that I didn't really I really know
what they were but they owe other announcements obviously DSI was getting
a Facebook support as well they're gonna allow you to upload pictures you take
with the DSI camera with face to Facebook as if there wasn't enough crap
on my feed I hope I can block it like you can all the other stuff actually I
don't know what the DSI depending on who it is it might be kind of funny well
that's cool and all but I guess okay because I guess like it's not like
screenshots from DS games it's the actual camera in your DSI right yes
that's no different from mobile uploads so whatever that's cool I guess that's
neat and all but what I wish they'd have something for the Wii like you know some
of this functionality for the Wii but I guess you know they've given up on that
and then of course announcing that they you're gonna localize some of the other
stuff that released in Japan already including Warioware DIY you know which
is the Warioware you know kind of create your own minigames type thing they've
also announced Flipnote Studios for DSI this summer which is also you know like
the motion notepad that they have in Japan right now and new Mario and Luigi
RP well was it March of the minis again they're gonna do another Mario vs.
Donkey Kong game I think that was gonna be a DSI only app or something like that
oh that was the one that came out and it's out tomorrow or something like
didn't they announce that something like it's out now it was a download game I
don't have a DSI can I say this though real quick is the chat room really wants
us to mention Golden Sun I've saw a couple other people mentioning that
before an SSJ 100 Matt kind of sums it up here I got excited for a split second
when they said at their press conference an old franchise that was once gone is
coming back I thought maybe mother three kid Icarus yeah I know but I saw that
too I that was funny like oh yeah they're gonna announce mother three oh
nope they're not all right anything else you want to say about Nintendo's press
conference it still sucked now the Rob D wants to point out I'm really excited I
loved Golden Sun this is a good thing a very good thing yeah I mean the Golden
Sun games are fun but you have to admit there's some folks that are gonna feel
that huge sense of disappointment like oh my god I've been waiting forever for
kid Icarus here it is Oh Golden Sun fuck you you know there are there were a lot
of people that had that moment but I'm glad at least some people got a thrill
out of the whole golden this announcement yeah I mean in the end it's
not like it's a bad announcement it just I think they set the bar a little high
with that announcement anyhow let's see I think what I think we're gonna go
ahead and take a break we're almost about an hour and a half into the show
but before we get to the break of course we always like to close out part a with
a moment where we can kind of respect the classics so that's exactly what
we're gonna do tonight we're gonna do a little segment we always do here called
the classic game of the week so dark soccer amongst all these newfangled
games we're talking about is the three what's an old classic that folks should
be revisiting I went for old and obscure it's actually a game I've mentioned on
the show before which is to date one of my favorite shoot-em-up games is called
Genga Fukete Densetsu Sapphire which is on the duo oops I cut it off
accidentally sorry here we go again here's a little clip of the game
our arcade CD-ROM games that came out so that means of course with my turbo duo I
can't play it which I do own a copy of the game but it's also one of the few
games towards the end of the PC engines life that had an actual real 3d in it in
the form of the bosses and some of the enemies in the game but it actually came
out recently on PSP as part of the galaxy Fraulein collection which is
actually something I plan on ordering very soon because again this is one of
my favorite games and if you want to find it on eBay good luck it's gonna
this game will out will actually ends up costing more than Dracula X does is one
will go for easily 400 bucks I've seen it but anyway it's basically just a
standard you know shoot them up you can get your upgrade your weapons and you
have your little option things hanging out with you and you just basically go
to the game and shoot stuff now I type the name of the game in chat but they
would like to hear it pronounced once again because it is not an easy name
because it is a Japanese game oh it's ginga fukay
Densetsu sapphire there you go if you want a translation of the name that is
galaxy police woman legend sapphire it came out in 1995 it is a Hudson soft
game one of the oh god I love Hudson but but also one of the things about the
game this is actually something that I've actually seen in several reviews
I'm gonna repeat this one from one little review this says that really the
game is more of overcoming the game's mechanics rather than mastering them so
really a lot of playing in the game is hit or miss whether or not you make it
through it the game has it out for you it's gonna have that where you have
actual oh that's kind of neat like this boss looks like imagine one of those
giant chemistry molecules they have hanging from cotton chemistry class like
it's like one of those things but it's actually like rotating around and
spinning around so for you know a game from 95 that's a pretty cool depth yeah
it was it really is though even though it's really a little bit on the the hard
side your bosses are so easy in this one because they are so predictable in their
patterns and the whole the whole part though is you know trying to get around
how slow your ship really is because the ship is you'll see the ship does move
really slowly and you have a relatively large hitbox you know the area that will
count as you being hit so but other than that game really doesn't look easy it
does look very hard have you actually had a chance to play this star soccer
yeah my friend actually she lives in Japan right now she has an original of
this which is how I got my copy of it but she well she's got a PC engine duo
and arcade card so we went over to her house and just she said okay play this
game okay play this game okay play this game and sapphire was just like oh my
god it was like this one and another shooter a psychic storm were the ones
that I played the most but mostly because in psychic storm it sounds like
they're saying I get pissed off instead of saying psychic storm but that's
another game but see isn't that we really should post the link to this in
the chat room because it's something that you really have to see it's just a
fantastic a fantastic shooter and you know I'm gonna actually do it in eBay
search right now and see if I can find out how much going for all right well
let me just go ahead and wrap this up and say it's there it is again your
classic game of the week and Jamie might have to correct me here
ginga fuke Densetsu sapphire not bad all right there it is your classic game of
the week we are going to take a break and come back with more of orange lounge
radio when we come back from a quick break we have not even touched on Sony's
press conference and Microsoft's press conference and believe me there's a lot
to talk about there we're also going to cover some other news we still need to
get the release dates the F use of the week and the mailbag so we have a busy
part B still coming up we're gonna get to it all and your phone calls my god
we're gonna be here till 11 tonight no we'll we'll try and wrap it all up in
just a little bit we're gonna take a quick break to rest our voices and so
forth we will be back in just a little bit with more of orange lounge radio
and welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio on our 326th episode for
this June the 7th of 2009 as a reminder we do tape live on Sunday nights over at
all games calm right after the Bobby Black Wolf show which is about six
o'clock Pacific Standard Time nine o'clock Eastern Standard Time unless
it's a special night maybe Bobby will go a little longer we'll start more like
615 as tonight was because it was Bobby's 200th episode quite an
accomplishment so congratulations to Bobby remember when we were only 200 I
remember those days but no no I'm to be fair Bobby is very consistent he does a
show I mean he only is missed like maybe two or three shows about it throughout
his entire run whereas we miss one every few months we try not to but as
sometimes you know things happen but Bobby's a very committed individual so
props to him it's a very neat accomplishment all right anyhow we're
gonna get back and do some e3 rundown again unscripted tonight just kind of
talking and playing around talking about some of the various events that have
happened at e3 and I guess we're going to talk about Sony's press conference if
that's all right before we do that I was gonna mention a few more things about
Nintendo the stuff I saw I got to see sin and punishment 2 which looked
awesome you know give me a great game for shooter fans also they had a few
other games are shown off didn't really announce which looked interesting I'm
not sure what they really think of them like they had for example line attack
heroes which looked like you have like almost like a marching band worth you
know like people just following you and you all had different abilities and you
kind of attack in formation which is weird and then this other game like we
game called span smashers which I don't even know what that looked like it was
kind of weird but they had like some other stuff that they were announcing
fossil fighters for the DS which actually I know that's coming out in
August and some other you knew a new professor Leighton game and Pokemon
mystery dungeon explorers of the sky all sorts of stuff so that was kind of neat
and then I think I said in punishment 2 is supposed to be coming out quarter 1
of next year so that's kind of cool all right are we okay to move on Sony now
sure let's talk Sony Sony definitely had a lot of big news out of their press
conference and very interesting story I have about Sony Loki you missed day one
of e3 which is when the Sony press conference is going on from what I
understand day one of e3 was not originally supposed to start until noon
but it ended up starting at 10 a.m. but the interesting effect this had is it
caused Sony's press conference to run into the beginning of the show I was not
well I was invited to Sony's press conference so I was not able to get
there or make my plans in time to get there so I was just like oh well you
know I'm sure I'll see everything you know later on which I was of course but
one cool thing is that at Sony's booth they were playing the press conference
so it was it was one of the few places that I'm sorry one of the first places I
went to when I was at e3 was I went to Sony's booth and Nintendo's booth were
kind of right next to each other and I wanted to check that out but obviously
there's some big announcements as Sony what's also cool a lot of people may not
know because they were at Sony's press conference God of War 3 as you know was
playable at the show floor in Sony's booth but during the press conference
all the monitors were turned off so you actually couldn't play God of War 3
until the walkthrough was done but you knew it was going to be there because
they had the God of War 3 sign up and they already had a line forming but just
nobody could play it until the press conference is actually over but I did
get to see some of Sony's press conference at the booth which is kind of
cool and to see some of their big announcements of course God of War 3
being one of them I'm not huge on the God of War series you know I certainly
respect what it is it's just I don't have time to play everything as none of
us do and this is just one of the big series I haven't gotten around to Loki I
don't know if you're big on these games I like them they're okay it's nothing
really innovative for God of War 3 other than you know obviously the nicer
graphics now with the PlayStation 3 and it is a little bit more detailed in the
gore in fact there is one point where they had slashed open I believe a
minotaur and just like his organs are spilling out and you got to see those
organs still out so that was kind of cool yeah so I mean yeah it's gonna if
you're a fan of God of War you're gonna love this game I mean it's just the same
type of gameplay that you can normally expect from them brand new trailer for
Final Fantasy 13 shown with English voice acting in the trailers that's nice
to know what's actually going on for once yeah it's nice to kind of understand
it and it looks looks very nice the voices look very synced up with the lips
I don't think that they have redone the voice there yeah you know how usually in
the dubbing it's very obvious it's dubbed but they they look in sync this
time which is kind of nice I don't know we'll see for now they do we'll see so
cuz you know how usually they dub over the Japanese lips do you remember when
10-2 came out they re-synced the animation to the voices to it'll be nice
that they do that for 13 but I'm not counting on it and they redid the a lot
of the CG to to match voice and they completely redid two whole scenes in
that game for the American audience yeah so it makes sense they do something like
that with 13 so obviously this games on its way out and they did confirm this
for 2010 release and it was nice to see some of it actually getting pulled you
know some more of its shown to get know a little more showed Odin which is
pretty cool yes and some of the summons which is pretty awesome but then a huge
bombshell dropped right after that at the show and what's interesting about it
is that then he started talking about how Final Fantasy 14 was exclusive to
the PlayStation 3 before even showing the trailer talked about I'm here to
announce a Final Fantasy 14 is going to be exclusive on the PlayStation 3 and
everybody's thinking oh oh you meant versus oh you meant 13 versus oh you
silly man oh you know like everybody thought he messed up and then they show
the trailer and sure enough oh my god it is Final Fantasy 14 and not just that
it's Final Fantasy 14 online you mean 11 2 yeah so for some people it's 11 2 and
you might even think oh my gosh I saw elves in the trailer gaulka Taru it is
just 11 2 especially you can kind of tell which parts are probably from the
game but if you read a little deeper it's a different world and supposedly
the races are similar but different they're actually one up of all places
actually had a pretty in-depth talk on Final Fantasy 14 and some of the things
they've talked about they have learned a lot of their lessons from the prior game
this game is going to be launched globally Final Fantasy 14 it's gonna be
on the PlayStation 3 and the PC it's gonna be on both they're also talking
about bringing it to the 360 they're thinking about it I suppose but nothing's
for sure yet and what yeah I'll probably playing it on the PC no matter what I
can't imagine playing it on a console I don't know I really wish they hadn't
announced this well because he's watching like sucked away oh no I I
seriously wanted to cry standing in the booth watching that trailer and it
wasn't because of the trailer itself but it's because I just saw the next few
years of my life wilting away at this game because we all know that's what's
gonna happen no no no no no no this will happen to me because I have something
far better to look forward to Star Trek online right yeah I know that's gonna be
tough because I want to play that too but it won't be tough at all for me I
do want to talk about 14 online a little more because some other things they said
in the interview they are designing this game so whether you have hours to play
or 40 minutes to play you will be able to play and that they are gearing or
they are tailoring this game to solo and party content yeah thanks God so it's
like it sounds like like some of the biggest flaws of Final Fantasy 11 have
the potential of being addressed in this this this could be huge but of course I
don't want to set the bar too high or I might be disappointed so I'm and of
course the chat room wants to know I mean whoa maybe this is good music for
that question no I may set sumo wants to know in chat a sky Final Fantasy 14 or
Star Trek what a tough question I have to play them both it's too early to say
because you know they both might say the question well it is because they I'm
gonna try them both how's that both I want to play them both but I will keep
the one that's more fun in the end which probably is gonna be 14 but I don't know
nothing's for sure yet nothing's for sure yet because I do explode other
ships I do I yeah they honestly lay a Ferengi there how could how could these
games be any more different one is about freaking space and one is about swords
and weapons they didn't have a ship so they're flying around in each other and
something so you're gonna get sucked into this MMO Loki after I don't know
here's the best I don't have time if the wife's not gonna let you you have kids
to raise now who cares you can get a sitter I'll play I'll let them play to
SSJ 100 man chat says why can't we have our cake and pie at the same time
exactly haven't you ever heard of getting ice cream and honestly honestly
afraid of having these I I don't know if I'll actually play this game because I
just want time it's it'll be a time factor but I am very excited about this
and honestly I would say that this right here was the biggest surprise of the
show no one saw this coming who could imagine that they would have Final
Fantasy 14 coming out the same year as 13 hypothetically I don't think they're
actually gonna make it I bet you anything 14 gets pushed back to 2011 but
just the fact that they kind of had the balls to do it announce the next Final
Fantasy game before one's even done is kind of interesting so we'll see other
big things announced at Sony's press conference how about ModNation racers
that was sweet looking that was a neat looking game Loki would tell us a little
bit about this game ModNation racers is gonna be the next of that play create
share type of game you know basically like LittleBigPlanet but with a Mario
Kart racing game so you've got these you know characters that you create that
kind of look like those money characters you know basically design the way your
character looks and you give them clothing and stuff like that and then
the tracks themselves I mean you could play the tracks that are in the game or
you can use this tool that basically is as easy as driving a cart around wherever
you want to go and then plopping the landscape down to go along with it and
power ups and that kind of stuff so people are gonna be able to make their
own levels you know obviously the marker ripoff levels are gonna be in here as
well but basically create whatever they want as far as new races have goes and
then share it with their friends and it's gonna be cool I can't wait to see
how levels get moderated in this game for being Mario Kart courses will be
interesting yeah it will be interesting it looks fun though I definitely game I
want to pick up a great exclusive franchise for Sony for them I love this
back-and-forth going on in chat room about the whole Star Trek online our
chat rooms usually about 30 seconds behind the show so sometimes we're a
little late reading their comments Rama in chat says space the final frontier
these are the voyagers of the starship olr prize Antarctica continues its
ongoing mission to seek out new life and new civilizations and blow shit up Rama
finishes to boldly go where no geek has gone before very nice very nicely done
I like the blow shit up part best let's see uncharted 2 among thieves I know
there's a lot of folks very excited about this game I'm not one of them but
it looked neat um what I don't know you know what I'm sitting here and I'm
holding in my hand a multiplayer beta code for uncharted 2 and you know I I
don't really want to use it I don't think Loki wants to use it either dark
soccer probably not gonna really play it so I'm thinking we should give this
uncharted 2 among thieves code to a listener what do you think let's do it
all right here's the thing though is that this listener has to be willing to
write something for the website on this so if we give away this beta code we
want them to write something for the website with their impressions so that's
the deal we give you the code you give us an article so um how do we give it
away do we give it away to live we should let the podcasters have a chance
at it too right or maybe maybe open it up on Twitter or something I think it
should be a match game prize maybe a match game prize later on no I think
something a little bit more fair just like yeah I'm actually only two people
so let's see maybe um let's see send us an email no I got it send us a tweet
because you're restricted to a hundred and forty characters send us a tweet as
to why you should get this code okay and then we'll pick the ones we like and
pick one at random we don't want to pick our favorite because that's a little too
objective we'll take all the ones we like and pull one out at random so if
you send us a tweet about better be awesome and not direct message do not do
a direct message you got to do at olr and then whatever the message is so and
maybe by next show we'll figure out is that too late valid June 3rd through
June 28th we probably need to give this away sooner rather than later yeah how
about tomorrow yeah mostly post the reply on Twitter the podcast won't be up
at tomorrow but maybe I'll post something on the Twitter about the
contest tomorrow Friday Thursday maybe let's say midweek Wednesday Wednesday
is when the show should go up so we're gonna say by Wednesday if you send us a
tweet about why you should get this uncharted to beta code we're gonna take
our favorites a randomly pick one and give it to you and then you're gonna
write something for our website there you go a 140 character essay I like that
so to our favorite tweet at why you should have the uncharted to code and
we'll post a reminder on Twitter a little later on exciting all right um
let's see other games that were shown at Sony's press conference the last Guardian
ooh pretty trailer wasn't that a pretty trailer the new Ico project shadow the
Colossus those people it's cool just like you know magical like the other
games yeah look kind of pretty but I'm looking forward to seeing more about a
Gran Turismo PSP it you know for PSP game it actually look pretty good
running at 60 frames per second looks very smooth about fucking time that it
came out though seen as it was supposed to be a launch title so they sure take
their times on those Gran Turismo games Metal Gear Solid on the PSP as I
predicted a game based off of the Metal Gear Solid 3 universe there were you
playing as big boss what's kind of interesting though is they're going to
have like online co-op or like ad hoc co-op or something like that where you
can actually play as each person is like a big boss character which kind of is
funny look like clones how about Assassin's Creed 2 you know it's a neat
trailer but I just don't really care about that game unfortunately I played
the first one didn't like it kind of file it in the whole don't have time to
play everything it's sort of yeah it's a neat game they are doing a little bit
more with it I think as far as the depth of the game but I mean if you like the
first one you're obviously gonna like this obviously we've been talking a lot
about the PSP but how can we not mention something about the PSP go $249 for the
PSP go are people gonna pay it or did they shoot themselves in the foot that's
a tough sell for a system that doesn't have UMD drive on it and I don't give a
crap if it has 16 megs or 16 gigabytes of storage you know what I can buy a 16
gigabyte card for cheaper than the difference so and and there's a lot of
stuff that we don't know that's like kind of as far as specs goes it's a
processor better yeah we don't know if it's the same I mean is it got more RAM
in it what exactly separates us it obviously now it can't really utilize
some of the peripherals I think because of where they've placed different things
on it it's a neat idea I guess but I don't know it seems like kind of a waste
because they're not really doing anything with this well here's what's
interesting is that also one of the big things I said I'm am I gonna be able to
play my old UMDs on it and the answer is possibly we haven't heard the final
answer yet but apparently Sony isn't developing right now a goodwill program
is what they're calling it and basically they're saying it might be similar to
portable copy which is how you transfer your blu-ray movies from the ps3 down
to the PSP users would not be ripping their UMDs but there'll be some type of
digital distribution method on how it so it's gonna be a code in a manual that
you're going to basically be able to download it to your system or something
like that awesome so what's going to happen is someone's gonna basically by
the game dump the code in return the game the end or they're gonna have it
where it's your multifamily work for new games but what about the games you have
right now see that's the problem is how they going to be able to do that and if
it's a kiosk solution where you basically taking to kiosk and it dumps
to your system that's a whole other problem right there it just there's no
real way I see this working you know other than you know having it be a code
manual and even then that's kind of iffy cuz now they say I my friend want to buy
the same game assuming that I buy PSP games that I buy the game and then now
we both get the game because I can basically share my copy with somebody
else and of course Sony's motion controller what about the Sony's motion
controller that they showed which basically to kind of summarize I mean
I'm sure a lot of you guys have seen it you know I don't want to repeat things
you guys I'm sure have been reading up on it but basically it's like imagine
you're holding two I mean they look like wiimotes to me to wiimote looking things
with balls on the end that that look like I kind of like they look like air
traffic control things to me but they light up in these different colors like
you can switch the colors and that's supposed to somehow send signals back to
the system really it is kind of that patent we saw earlier remember how you
talked about how there was this itoy patent and that it was going to be red
dots and blue dots at the itoy could see that would differentiate it we thought
it was something that was go on the regular controller well it's like this
new little motion thing that has the things on it it looked up I mean I'm
sorry but the controller looks retarded and you know the only cool thing that
they did with it was the augment of reality stuff where like you see
yourself and then you when you're moving the thing around it replaces it you know
with an object in the game and that's kind of neat but then again the same
time who is to say that none of these other systems can do the same thing I
mean I like that demo that they were showing when they were doing like kind
of the combat thing when they had like the they had like the archery that same
thing yeah going on in the the sword fighting thing going on but there were
some difficulty in the beginning remember you had a hard time hitting
that tennis ball the beginning when they were showing it off and it was a risky
thing to show it live so you know props to them for doing that but at the same
same time. It's just it. The thing I worry about with these motion controls is how well
are they really going to work. You know we kind of went through this with the Wii. When
the Wii was announced I think a lot of us are jots at the floor and so forth. And now
when we kind of want you know sometimes it doesn't work is now they're telling us they
got to have motion plus because it doesn't work as well as they were intended. Here's
what I want to the main focus I would like to see with this is what are the limitations.
For example with the itoy controller that they have. The motion controller. Basically
you have to use these two controllers in order to be able to utilize the game. Now granted
it has little buttons and stuff like that on the controllers for different things. That's
great but you know who's to say that you couldn't do the same thing with the Microsoft one.
You know with maybe like you're holding the Microsoft controller as well or something
like that because everybody's got the normal controllers. Who's to say you can't use both
or maybe you know use it one handed or something like that or you know maybe they come out
with something different you know for like shooters or something like if you really need
the controller. But what are the limitations. It seems like with the Microsoft one that
there's going to be a lot less limitations since you can use anything anything at all
and it will basically you know figure it out for you whereas the Nintendo's you know controllers
and you know too much lesser extent the PlayStation controllers are limited by the controllers
themselves. Nintendo is bad because they now they actually have to add extra sensors to
make it more sensitive how they wanted originally and still tied down by the IR and stuff like
that you have to be facing the TV and the same thing with you know the the PlayStation
I sensors or whatever now with these balls of color which hey I do like the fact though
that it uses an already existing camera meaning that is not expensive that is nice but you
know I'd also like to see the price point of the Microsoft one as well and at the same
time now now you have to buy the camera and you have to buy the controllers for this so
it might still add up to it being expensive in you know the camera is really kind of useless
anyways right now. I mean I know because I own the cameras for both the vision camera
and the PlayStation I and honestly haven't used either one of them really I mean other
than trying out totem ball which sucked but it's just they're kind of useless and I mean
Sony is doing a little bit more with the PlayStation I camera like they have the iPad thing coming
out they've got you know some cool implementations for like you know photos and stuff like that
and little big planets you know then the normal face mapping stuff for like the EA Sports
games and stuff like that but I just don't I don't know they're going to make this controller
a lot better looking and I know it's a prototype and I want to read this comment from chat
because here Legend of Zaku in chat says Jesus Christ is a goddamn prototype remember that
the PS3 controller is still in development so everything you saw last week is a prototype
tech demo so the final versions of very once it's released well yeah but at the same time
this is you know Sony is in front of the world showing it what is going to be playing in
the next year so while there might be slight variations I mean this is what they are planning
right now and unless something freaking major happens this this is going to be what it is
next year see this to me looks like almost like a copy of like a Wii remote basically
it's kind of what they're all how can we mimic what the Wii remote does but you know make
it a little bit better and you know not use the same technology so don't get sued that's
what this seems like whereas the Microsoft one was like how can we do something that's
motion control but different and better and some folks in chatter invoking the PlayStation
3 boomerang like GSAC it just changed his nickname like remember when the PlayStation
3 controller was supposed to look like that boomerang yes and thank God they didn't do
that because of all the negative reaction they didn't end up doing that so yeah you
know Sony has been known to go back to the drawing board when they get negative reception
so could something like that happen here yes and I just I think the whole setup is going
to be really it's going to suck because you know once again going back to the Microsoft
one you know trying to sound like a fanboy here but all you need is a camera done you
got the camera you play four players 16 players whatever the game is going to support because
you are the controller now let's go to Sony you need their camera you need a controller
for each person or in this case this one game uses two controllers so how many controllers
are they unbundled together am I got to buy each one separately well I have issues with
the camera thing but we'll get to that when we get to Microsoft press conference yeah
I think you do need both I think you do need the controller in the camera but we'll get
to that when we get to Microsoft's thing I mean my Microsoft definitely has the ability
to prove me wrong and I hope they do but we'll get to that in a little bit let's kind of
wrap up with Sony did you have anything else you want to mention as Sony's camp I know
one other thing I want to mention White Knight Chronicles was a really cool ask really yet
actually one of our listeners was was kind of we ran into him around the White Knight
Chronicles booth and we had a lot of good things to say about the game and I watched
Loki play it and it's a very pretty looking game I had it described as Final Fantasy 12
meets Xenogears and it was it was a very very pretty looking game I'm definitely interested
in it yeah look you actually played it I had to watch you play that one what did you think
of White Knight Chronicles how did it control it controlled fine it was just basically target
something and then you had macros and pick which macro you want to you know which attack
you want to do and then you can also set up a macro combo of attacks and stuff like that
and I don't know it seemed easy but you know it was neat SSJ 100 Matt going back to the
motion control in chat room chat.orangeonsrated.com says I think the fact that he gave a release
date is what's bothering me spring 2010 is too they never stick to the release dates
ever home got delayed how long ever the PlayStation 3 got delayed how long they never stick to
release dates and why they even decided to do that is beyond me I I'm I want to I need
to go grab some more water so talk more about Sony with our listeners looking okay so other
things that Sony announced obviously there's a lot of stuff that was coming to their console
including the PSP of course other things Resident Evil portable was announced which is pretty
sweet we talked a little bit about Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker the PSP version there that
was pretty cool coming to both the 360 and ps3 and I think we may get into this a little
bit more but they have the new Metal Gear Solid Rising or the Raiden one yeah that's
actually I wanted to find out if they did anything on that because I actually like Raiden
yeah kind of cool and then you know there's they announced more stuff coming to home but
I kind of zoned out when that happened the biggest announcement I think well they really
show anything so it can't be that big of an announcement for me but Rockstar announced
a new game franchise it's gonna be exclusive to the ps3 called agent that was gonna be
about secret agents and stuff like that the problem I have with this those they also announced
that you know franchise noir as gonna be a PlayStation exclusive at one time and we still
haven't even seen that yet so let's finish one franchise first before we start announcing
another one that's my thing though and then I did actually get to play the Motorstorm
Arctic I forget the subtitle but the new Arctic themed Motorstorm game on the PSP that's pretty
fun like a normal Motorstorm game actually look pretty good on the PSP I watched was
it I you know they're White Knight Chronicles I watched some of the God of War stuff you
know it looks just like you know normal God of War games they didn't really have I was
hoping to play that others PSP games really have they have the add-on for a wipeout HD
looked okay yeah but I kind of got a brief overview of everything that they had at Sony's
booth and you know they got some pretty good stuff coming I didn't really see anything
though on Gran Turismo 5 I mean they did announce Gran Turismo 5 is coming it's gonna be in
400 cars you know great that it has 400 cars but you know the same time Forza 3 they announced
the launch date for it and it's this fall so you better hurry cuz that looks pretty
good too and honestly 400 cars sounds good but we really need 400 cars I wouldn't know
which one to pick I wouldn't know either alright we need to do some of our regular segments
here before we get to Microsoft's press conference you know it wouldn't be a week if we didn't
say something angsty so let's do our FUs of the week folks how's that sound even though
we haven't had anything angsty to bring this on but I don't know you know what I could
say something angsty to invoke this would be how much stuff we didn't get to see at
E3 there were way too many booths with way too much stuff behind closed doors what are
you so afraid of so anyway bring on the angst
um FU to not being able to go to E3 so that's blatant and for being somewhat sick okay
FU to the Australian family that was eating next to us on Friday night I forget the restaurant
but they were famous for ribs anyways apparently they like to yell a lot and talk about how
their aunt and uncle have sex right in front of their kids so FU to them because they were
loud and obnoxious and we were making fun of them all weekend long so yeah they they
suck um I don't really have a lot of FUs you know I had the week off of work and that's
always something to be excited about so FU to the fact that I have to go back to the
old work tomorrow oh I got one more FU to my work for not actually finalizing my payment
for my hotel that I stayed at in downtown LA sticking me with an $800 bill because they
didn't um either they screwed up or E3 housing screwed up and my company which was supposed
to have you know faxed an authorization for their credit card um that didn't happen and
so I had to pay like $600 more than I was expecting oh screwed them we usually get reimbursed
right I better fucking get reimbursed there you go ticket to man all right one of our
other segments we always have to do here every week on the show is the part where you get
to interact with us and that's where you send us emails at mailbag at orange lounge reader
dot com and every week the lovely dark stalker jumps into the mailbag head first and uh lands
with a few uh few emails on her forehead so uh she's gonna pick out some of her favorites
and read them for you right now mailbag the first one comes from taz well loki you called
it seeing how the lego games have been in the past year this one probably is going to
turn out to be better than the rest of the harry potter games out there this is supposedly
from years one through four and i'm and i'm guess we will see years five through seven
and then some perhaps when movie eight comes out in 2011 i'm wondering if the game will
follow the same lego star wars formula or would it go all new on us anyways i know i
know have game for my soon-to-be wife which i'm probably going to enjoy as well the game
you pervs thank you obviously he's talking about legos harry potter that got announced
that it was coming out big surprise there um the only good thing about that is that
means that toys are coming back because my wife was asking me about that we actually
went to the lego store that was on downtown disney oh nice um but no lego harry potter
uh weird stuff so they hopefully will re-release toys when that comes up um i would not bet
they're gonna do anything new i think they have to stay pretty true to the books i think
that might be some type of agreement i think he was saying as far as new as gameplay wise
compared to the other lego indian jones stuff i wouldn't expect anything maybe the magic
element but that's probably as far as you're gonna get so that's it the next one is um
from cheeseburger hey guys you've been talking about your itunes ranking and how people leaving
negative reviews pushes you back a few pages well i've been thinking that when people subscribe
to a podcast that podcast rank will go up so is everyone unsubscribed and then resubscribed
to olr in one week your rank would skyrocket am i right or is this just a load of crap
i guess we could just test it out this week like set a date for the and then resubscription
to olr oh and he wouldn't need to verify your email address um there's two ways that itunes
rank shows and the one where it has like five pages of featured shows quote unquote we're
not even on it anymore five pages of video game shows we're not even there anymore so
i don't know you know i just just like i said word of mouth is all we got guys so i've kind
of given up on the whole itunes thing um although yeah i think as far as the popular podcast
you could probably unsubscribe and resubscribe but i'm going to tell you what coordinating
that whole effort to get us to number 30 or whatever on the charts whatever it would do
that would not have half the impact that those same people actually telling to people to
download our show would have so while i appreciate the effort to boost the itunes ranking if
you want to take that passion and focus it elsewhere i think there could be a better
payoff so again you know we don't have money to fund commercials or anything you know again
we are a uh independent operation out of a spare bedroom you know that's that's what
it is so if you enjoy what we've been doing for the past seven years tell people about
it that's all we ask um there's an email that i don't think i can read okay skip it do the
next one it doesn't have punctuation let's do the next one then sorry you don't have
to read them all i know but i will i usually like to read them as much as i can um but
someone who really likes pepsi throwback which i've had me who does not like soda i still
haven't had it it's good is it it tastes like old except it still has that oh my god i just
sucked a spoonful of sugar aftertaste which is like honey but anyway where can i get it
walmart everywhere i haven't seen it i swear the gas station down the street from my house
i'll check that out okay um this is the last one and it's a bit long um and it is from
i think spazzinator so i will just hop right on in and read it hi everyone i thought that
i'd write in in order to bring up a few interrelated topics for today's show being today's assuming
there is a show today yep there is you're listening to it hopefully before i get to
the topics hand i'd like to apologize in advance if this email runs unusually long as i am
combining two weeks worth of topics into one email first off in regards to what sky mentioned
on the previous week's show coming back to final fantasy 11 i'd like to say congrats
you had made a fine choice if i um if i may i'd at least like to think that i may have
possibly played a small role in influencing you and returning to the game considering
that i'm always talking about lolr how your return to venetial how's your return to venetial
so far if you happen to be on either odin or alexander and see a tarot tarot named dare
won't dare won't i can't i'm not on either of those servers anyway so i'm not gonna see
i'm sorry that this is that would be me i play on bismarck oh never mind it's it's japanese
is okay um on final on a final fantasy related note
what are your impressions of the announcement trailer from e3 regarding the previous unannounced
final fantasy i think we've been over this um personally i have mixed feelings about
it on one hand being a big old final fantasy experience fan that i am i'd rather i'm rather
excited about any upcoming final fantasy game and new story experience points that each
game brings on the other hand i'm concerned that final fantasy 14 being an mmo will cannibalize
final fantasy 11's user base hell for all i know final fantasy 11 may and i stress the
word may shut down as a result even though i do plan to play 14 i still don't want to
leave 11 or see any aspect of it suffer as a result the game has a damn good storyline
and community um there will always be people out there wanting to play 11 you just might
see some of the server consolidations and those types of things is that yeah inevitably
some of the user base is going to go over to 14 that's just what happens but then again
look at ever quest and ever quest 2 uh when ever quest 2 came out you know not a lot of
people wanted to leave ever quest 1 and ever quest 2 kind of suffered because of that however
i think there's a lot different going on here i mean for one it's final fantasy for another
you have a lot of people and i can't stress this enough you have a lot of people who used
to play 11 and left because things weren't fixed but i think there's gonna they're gonna
want to give 14 a try so is it possible for both games to coexist yeah but i think 11
will probably shrink down significantly in size but i think there'll always be people
playing 11 somewhere there's still people playing ever quest exactly there's probably
more people playing ever quest 1 than ever quest 2 so um but as far as the trailer when
i saw the final fantasy 14 trailer uh let me just put it this way i looked up and saw
final fantasy 14 and then i jizzed in my pants can i move on now please yes as a broader
question what's everyone's impressions of this year's e3 um far away what do you what
do you feel the high points as well as the low points additionally do you feel that there
was a clear-cut winner between microsoft um nintendo or sony's conferences as a result
of e3 would you say there's anything coming out between now and early next year that you're
particularly psyched about well i think of this this show is going to kind of hit on
all those points it's kind of what we built the show around tonight but i will say i will
address the conference question between is there a clear winner between microsoft sony
and nintendo and i'm going to say no there is no clear winner between the three i think
the twitter conference wins i i guess i guess but i there there is no winner in my opinion
because not enough is out there right now i think uh microsoft had a really good showing
the the only thing i think holding me back from sony uh as far as you know grading them
as high as microsoft is a lot of their stuff that they announced and granted microsoft
is capable of this as well a lot of it is not coming out anytime soon you know uh microsoft
you know they had you know crackdown 2 and stuff that they announced which will be getting
into more of that stuff you know 2010 stuff but a lot of it they did announce with dates
and time frames like this is coming out october you know this is coming out then instead of
you know final fantasy 14 that's not coming out until like what next year that's part
of our 10-year strategy exactly or like final fantasy 13 that's not coming out until next
year or you know god of war 3 that's not coming out until next year um you know really the
only games that they showed that were coming out this year were uncharted 2 and that's
That's about it.
I mean, so a lot of the stuff that they're talking about, you know, maybe White Knight
Chronicles, I'm not sure about that, but a lot of it is all next year.
It's that 10 year plan.
And that's great that you're announcing stuff that's coming out, but Microsoft is announcing
stuff that's coming out this year, and stuff that's coming out next year, and you know
what?
When it comes to next year, they will have more stuff to announce that's coming out,
you know?
That's the thing.
That's what separates those two companies.
Sony likes to promise a lot, but it takes a long time for them to come through with
what they promise.
And you know, Microsoft does the same thing to a lesser extent, I think, but I've just
gotten tired of listening to what Sony has to say and promise, and know really what's
gonna happen.
Like, you know, Final Fantasy XIV, and granted that's not really up to Sony, but probably
not coming out in 2010.
Alright, we'll see.
Was that it for emails?
Any others?
Oh, there was more to that one.
Oh, okay.
Um, for those of you that care, there's been some interesting stuff happening in the PSN
store within the last two weeks.
Sony's been continuing to put more PS1 classics on there, most of which are pretty damn good.
Two noticeable ones for Resident Evil, director's cut complete with Jill sandwiches, and wait
for it, Final Fantasy VII.
You bought that, didn't you?
I sure did, and I have yet to play it, because then I, literally as Final Fantasy VII was
downloading, I remembered that Final Fantasy IV after years had come out on Wii, and I
was like, no, I wanna play that!
So I haven't gotten back to playing VII yet, keep in mind I was gone most of the week.
And that's good that they have stuff to download now, some of their older PlayStation 1 classics,
because they sure as hell aren't filling up their store full of new PlayStation Network
games.
True.
I guess they need something to keep them afloat.
There's more to this email.
Okay.
Um, where was I, okay.
Once Jack Trenton mentioned that Final Fantasy VII was coming to the US PSN store, nearly,
it says nearly I guess it's supposed to say every Final Fantasy fan collectively just
their pants, um, no.
They also added a bunch of other stuff on the game side, too numerous to mention.
Additionally, they have expanded their offerings on the video side of the store to include
somewhere in the ballpark of 10 to 15 more supported TV networks, including Showtime
and G4.
Additionally, they're giving away, um, for free, uh, two TV show pilots, um, Dexter from
Showtime as well as Voltron.
On a side note, although it's been on the video store, um, for a while now, I'd like
to recommend that you check out this one anime series called Burst Angel.
It's kind of difficult to describe, but it's essentially Charlie's Angels combined with
X-Files with a dash of mechs and political corruption.
Sounds odd, but it's a pretty good series.
Considering that I usually don't watch anime, that's really high praise coming from me.
Well, thanks for taking the time to read my email.
It's appreciated.
Again, sorry, especially to DarkSakura who usually ends up reading the emails.
Thank you for such a long email.
I do like how they are adding more anime studios to that because I think that's something that
diversifies them a little bit, I'm not sure what their anime, um, you know, coverage is
for the 360, but I know, I don't think there's that much on there.
But that's kind of cool to diversify themselves a little bit with that.
Um, I don't know, it's just, uh, one thing I do have a problem with though is G4.
Really?
G4?
I mean, am I really gonna have to pay for shows that they repeat on their station like
eight times a day?
I mean, they only have, like, a handful of shows left and they just repeat cops and cheaters.
I mean, are we gonna get episodes of cops and cheaters?
I mean, is that gonna be part of the lineup?
Awesome, I want the Excuse My Beauty transsexual episode, which I believe was Albuquerque Police.
I would pay for that episode, I would, so I could watch that.
Uh, Excuse My Beauty, officer, I'll go back to Arizona, I swear.
If you haven't seen it, YouTube, Excuse My Beauty, it's amazing.
That episode I would buy.
The rest of that G4 crap can go burn.
Unless it's, like, classic G4 stuff, like, you know, old episodes of, uh, Starrcade or
something like that, but I doubt it.
Uh, XLink in chat wants to point out G4 is free on iTunes.
Brad from Pop Culture says, Cops is on Hulu, ooh, I didn't realize that.
Sephiroth1215 says, speaking about the Sony press conference, I mean, we have to think
of the years as fiscal.
A lot of companies end their fiscal years in March, so they can release games up till
that point and be keeping the truth of coming out this year.
Yes and no.
I still think a lot of this stuff when they say 2010, they don't mean March.
They mean, like, October.
They should say this fiscal year instead of this year, because that, I'm sorry, that's,
I think-
Lying by admission.
I think the only games that might come out before holiday 2010 are Final Fantasy 13 and,
at least in Japan.
And uh, that's why I don't think 14's gonna come out in 2010, because I think 13's gonna
barely make the holidays.
So I think-
But it's a different team working on it, so I could see that happening.
That would be so weird if that happened.
So uh, and then, uh, God of War 3 I think will come out early.
No.
No, you don't think so?
March, for sure.
Oh, March.
Not.
They already announced it's March.
I see.
So, well, okay, then that's before the holidays.
So there you go.
Uncharted 2 will be the big holiday game for them.
Um, Mag was another game that they were showing off that I don't know if is gonna be out this
year.
It looked cool.
I watched people playing it.
I mean, if you're into like Call of Duty and stuff, you're really gonna enjoy that game,
because it's, you know, a massive battleground, basically, of, you know, everything that you've
seen in Call of Duty and, um, all your multiplayer first person shooter games.
So that'd be kinda cool if that comes out this year.
I'm not sure if it is.
Um.
I would hope that they put out Gran Turismo 5 this year, because I think they kinda have
to.
You know, with Forza 3 coming out, I mean, I don't know, um, and then, as far as what
they're gonna fill in the rest of the year with, that's a good question, because I don't
really know.
I mean, Heavy Rain is supposed to be coming out this year, I thought.
That wasn't even there, at all.
Nothing.
No mention of it at all.
Alright.
Uh, I believe that was all the emails we got, so if you wanna send us more, mailbag at orangelandrader.com.
Let's move on to Microsoft, and then we'll let, uh, Loki throw in anything else he wants
to, because I know he's probably got some other games he wants to talk about, and then,
uh, wrap up with just a couple phone calls.
Probably not gonna take a lot of phone calls tonight, just because we've been chatting
a long time tonight, but we'll do what we can.
Uh, anyhow, I wanna talk about Microsoft and some of the things they talked about at their
press conference.
Let's start with the big one, which is Project Natal, um, which obviously, you know, I, I'm
pretty sure you guys are all aware, it's the motion controller that's camera only, there
is no controller with it, I don't know if you've watched the trailer that goes with
it, but it's very interesting, because the scene that struck me specifically was, when
the girl walks into the room, and the Xbox 360 know who she is, and she gets a phone
call from her friend, or whatever, on the 360, and her friend says, hey, I picked out
this cute new outfit for you, you should try it on, and she kinda looks back and forth,
and she actually is seeing herself on the TV in the outfit her friend picked out for
her.
Okay, that I don't buy, that's retarded.
Which, which, by the way, reminded me of the movie Clueless, from 1990s, right, remember
when Alicia Silverstone goes in the closet, and she can see what outfit she's wearing
that day?
Yeah.
It's 1994, y'all!
Anyhow, all that aside, that's crazy, let's just talk about Project Natal, I don't know,
what were your thoughts?
I think it's really cool.
I thought, wow, this is really good, and I set them apart from Nintendo, they can do
a lot more with this, if it actually lives up to all the stuff that they say it can do.
And, I mean, they have kind of demonstrated, you know, the, their live demonstration of
how, like, playing that giant Breakout game, which, it's a cool tech demo, but god, I hope
that's not actually a game, you know, but it looked pretty innovative and easy to use,
granted the person playing the game looked like a complete idiot, but hey, whatever,
I mean, if that's, I'm sure playing Wii games people look like idiots, but, it looked easy
to use, looked very intuitive, and I like some of the, I mean, it's very unnecessary
as far as, like, browsing, you know, your menus and stuff by swishing your hand around,
I mean, that's cool and all, but I'll just use the controller, because it's a lot faster,
but you have the option, I mean, you don't have to do it that way, but then again, if
I'm trying to, you know, shoo away my cat, I don't want it moving through menus, so,
we'll see how that ends up, it could be really cool, and, I don't know, if they could come
up with maybe, like, a one-handed controller or something like that, something really small,
almost like the nunchuck or something, so you can, you know, say, like, you're playing
a game- The Buzz controller, or, I'm not Buzz, sorry,
the scenic controller.
Yeah, something like that, you know, very small, so you can have some of that, you know,
controller stuff, and then doing, you know, motion stuff with your other hands or something,
like some of the things I think were unnecessary, like, that they showed in the video, like
the driving, I don't want to have to hold my hands out, like a steering wheel, that's
not for me, I mean, I'd rather not do that in the pit crew game, or whatever, where you
change your tire, that is one of the slowest pits I've ever seen, and, no thanks, I would
not want to have to play that little stupid minigame, or have someone else play that stupid
minigame while I'm driving, because I'd be yelling at them for going too slow.
Not for NASCAR fans.
The skateboarding stuff looked kind of neat, I mean, the scanning stuff in, it's not going
to work like they showed it, because the kid's hands in front of the skateboard, and obviously
that wouldn't work, but it's a neat idea that you can scan stuff in there, and you can do
that now, as it is with, you know, the cameras, you can scan your face to put it in games,
so that's fine.
The Avatar control was kind of wonky when they've shown it, because it had trouble figuring
out where his hands were, so he's doing this cross arm thing, but you know what, that's
happened in other things I've seen before, that have to do with, like, you know, like
the little big planet characters, sometimes when you're controlling their arms, they get
all wonky like that.
So it looks neat, if it comes out in a relatively quick time frame, I think they'll be good.
I'm not sure if it was supposed to be coming out this year, or next.
It's gotta be next.
I mean, it doesn't even have a name yet.
It's Project Natal, that's not what they're going to market it as.
So I don't know, we'll see.
That sounds like a prescription drug's name, by the way.
I am extremely, extremely skeptical about this.
I don't think it's going to work as nice as they're showing it in these trailers and things,
and this whole concept of people don't want to have buttons and stuff, that's just not
true.
I'm sorry, but I don't think that's true.
And the whole thing about, well, people get intimidated by all these buttons and things,
I don't buy it.
You know what, there's one device everybody knows how to use, everybody fights over it
all the time, when somebody loses it, people have hell to pay, it's the remote control.
Everybody knows how to use a remote control.
And that's what the Nintendo was kind of going for when they made the Wii, right?
They want to make that Wiimote kind of like a remote control.
So I don't think this whole concept of you have to get rid of the controller.
But this is bait for idiots.
That's all it really is, it's bait for idiots.
Because you know what, they're basically relying on marketing this to the people that have
the Wii, and they're like, oh my god, look at this, it's a game, it's without controllers.
I don't have to worry about throwing it through the TV, I can play all these mini games that,
or just like on the Wii, and guess what, the console's cheaper, and it looks better.
And you know, you have all this stuff, you can do movies and all that kind of stuff,
it's your air-tainment hub.
I get it, I get it.
They're gonna have that.
But I just, you know, the fanboys are going crazy with this 360 thing.
And I'm sorry, call me whatever name you want.
I'm extremely skeptical about this whole thing, and I have a right to be.
Because the Xbox Vision camera sucks.
It sucks.
What can you do with that camera?
Exactly.
Especially compared to what they showed us years ago.
When they first showed us the camera, we were promised all these games that were gonna integrate
the camera.
And what do you have?
You have Uno and some of the other Xbox Live Arcade games, and a couple third-party developers
threw us a few bones there with the EA, you know, you have the Burnout license plate,
big fucking deal.
And then you have the, you're in the movies.
And then Totem Ball.
And remember when Totem Ball kind of looked fun from the previews that we were showing
at that E3 when the Vision camera was announced?
Now, Totem Ball might have actually been kind of cool.
It was shit.
And the way you controlled that whole thing, it doesn't, the same thing with the iToy.
It is never picking up your body correctly.
It doesn't see your motion right.
If you don't have exactly the right lighting in your house, the thing sucks.
And if you don't believe me, check out some of those iToy games on the PlayStation 2.
They're terrible.
So I think seeing this whole, you know, motion and movement is how we're gonna control our
games.
I'm extremely skeptical about it.
I have a right to be.
I've seen this before and it sucks.
Why should I feel any different now?
The technology has gotten way better.
They actually have a company that's already perfected this and being implemented.
It was actually implemented with a regular webcam at one time, but they've shown this
at CES.
It works.
They've already gotten, you know, tech demos and games and stuff, you know, utilizing this.
Microsoft bought the company and now they're working exclusively with them to put out this
technology.
And I do understand, trust me, I bought cameras for all those systems and they all pissed
me off.
And yes, I'm very skeptical on buying another camera that, you know, possibly not gonna
work like I see it.
And yes, I need to see it actually being used before I want to go buy this.
But the technology is a lot different.
They say, you know, now it's not utilizing your vision.
It can track you.
It can distinguish you between you and someone that's waving their arms in the background.
You know, all that kind of stuff really helps because, you know, if I'm in the wrong lighting
or something like that and it's not gonna be able to see me, you know, what the hell?
So yes, and if it is gonna be as crappy and shoddy as those other cameras that have been
out before, then there's no reason for anyone to buy this.
But I have a feeling it's not gonna be like that.
They've heard the complaints.
It's, you know, it's gotta work.
Let me read some comments from chat.
There's a cypher in our chat room, chat.ornisontrated.com says, Johnny Chung Lee, the guy who did head
tracking with the Wii is working on Natal.
It has to work because he is pure genius.
Tiger Claw says, in order for it to pick up the entire room, it's gotta be a widescreen
view of the area so that everyone can be involved, insinuating that it's probably a widescreen
camera.
Well, it's a camera, but it's also got like other sensors on it too.
So it's not just, you know, it's gonna be infrared.
I think it's infrared because it looks like there's two infrared sensors on it or something
unless those are just indicator lights for different stuff.
But yeah, it's, the camera's really wide and it, you know, whether it's gonna be like echolocation
or something like that, I'm not sure.
But the camera is unusually wide.
I want to keep reading comments from chat.
Great stuff from chat tonight.
Sephiroth1215 says, I feel more satisfied with the Sony Wiimote because while it might
just be practically the same, it will be nice to play games with it that are meant for the
core gamer, which Nintendo doesn't do.
Zeba says, and in all the videos I've seen with it, their living rooms have so much room
in front of the TV.
I don't know any house that has that much room in front of the TV like that.
Well, it's also a set.
Yeah, true.
But I mean, that makes a good point.
Will this work in close quarters as well as far away?
Well, how do you play?
I can tell you for certain my living room is really small.
Well, how do you play Wii Sports and Wii Bowling?
Because I know that takes up some space.
You know, I know when we're playing Wii Bowling and Wii Sports and stuff like that, we push
out the coffee table, move it out of the way.
And yeah, I know it's just one of the requirements.
You gotta have space.
And guys, don't get me wrong.
When I say I'm skeptical, that doesn't mean I hate it.
I think it's a great idea.
If they pull off everything they're promising, I will bow down and suck Xbox's cock, okay?
It truly is one of the greatest things I've ever seen in that case.
But excuse me if I'm a little bit skeptical.
I think I have a right based on some of the crap we've seen before, right?
I fully agree.
So I'm just cautiously optimistic.
Okay, that's fair.
Cautiously optimistic.
Optimistic to the point of if this ends up being crap, then yes, I'm not gonna buy it.
But I need to see it actually being utilized.
And I trust that Microsoft would probably understand that, you know what, this isn't
gonna be just for the casual gamer.
Let's implement this and maybe some other stuff and see what we can do with it.
Alright, moving on to some other topics, since we have a lot of ground to cover, I'm sure
some of the callers are gonna want to revisit this because probably Natal is the thing that's
got the biggest buzz out of E3.
I do want to mention this, speaking of buzz, my Twitter has filled up with blah blah blah
about 1 versus 100.
And I feel completely out of the loop because I have yet to play it because I've not been
home when all these beta tests have been going on or what have you.
But is there...
I don't know why.
It's a freaking game show.
You know what, if so many people are saying good things about it, there must be something
good about it.
People are having fun with it.
That's what games are supposed to be, fun.
They're welcome to it.
So, I don't know.
Loki, if you had a show...
Oh, you know, you just got home today.
Of course you haven't tried it.
Of course not.
Yeah.
I definitely want to check it out.
It's just I...
It's so freaking popular on Twitter.
I'm surprised it's not in the trending topic.
So many people talk about it.
Okay, some of the other things that were mentioned at Microsoft's first conference, Left 4 Dead
2.
It's got a lot of people pissed off.
It looked cool, I thought, to me.
When I first saw it, I thought there was this one game that was supposed to be coming out.
It was like Voodoo something or other that had Samuel L. Jackson doing the voice of the
main character.
I thought that's what that was, and then they were all Left 4 Dead 2.
I'm like, oh, I guess it could be that too.
But a lot of people are just shouting too soon.
In fact, there's a petition already with 13,000 people on it, which, you know, petitions
online don't really do anything, but, you know, whatever, that are saying it's too soon,
that they didn't support the first game enough, and that Valve's cashing in.
Honestly, if you ask me, I think that you've been spoiled by Valve, and so now that they
actually putting out another game, so what?
Don't pick it up if you don't want to pick it up.
But you gotta...
Wait for it to go on sale.
Yeah, wait for it to go on sale.
I mean...
They always have these crazy ass sales, you know, six months, a year later.
No one's forcing you to buy it, but, you know, people are pissed off because they've been
spoiled with, you know, all the Team Fortress 2 updates on PC, not on 360, but on PC, and
all the other stuff, and whatever, dude, I mean, seriously, just, it's in a different
setting, okay?
When?
I don't know.
Different setting, you've got, you know, a little bit different game modes in there.
If that's enough free to buy another game, then buy it.
If not, then don't.
Yeah, but Left 4 Dead has hugely rabid fans in it.
I'm sure there's tons of people.
This thing's gonna sell like crazy.
Rabid indicates disease.
Well, okay, I mean, here's their complaints right now.
I mean, their complaints, basically, that for one, there is significant content for
Left 4 Dead, the original that was promised but never delivered.
Valve put little faith in Left 4 Dead 1 since it's almost certainly started working on
Left 4 Dead 2 right after release.
The fact that Left 4 Dead 2 is nearly identical to Left 4 Dead 1, it will decimate the community
of both games.
The announced date is not nearly enough time to polish content or make significant gameplay
changes, which, all these are really assumptions on the development process, and since none
of these people actually work for Valve, then I don't really know where they're actually,
you know, how they're able to make these comments actually, you know, with...
I seem to recall Left 4 Dead got some pretty awesome support after it came out, like there
was a free pack that came out afterwards with some new stuff, you know.
I don't know.
I think you guys have it pretty good.
The new...
I repeat myself, wah.
Yeah, the new character designs seem bland and unappealing so far.
Left 4 Dead 2 is too bright to fit in with Left 4 Dead 1's visual aesthetic.
Hey, it's a new game.
It can have its own fucking aesthetic, okay?
Get over it, shit.
You know, just because a Resident Evil game comes out doesn't mean that every single one
has to be dark.
I do remember Resident Evil 4 taking place, or not 4, 5 taking place in Africa, and guess
what?
It was bright and cheery, but there's zombies.
Did anyone bitch about that?
No.
The fiddle-based horde music is extremely disliked, though differently orchestrated
in music is otherwise welcome.
Left 4 Dead 2's release will result in a drop of quality and frequency of Left 4 Dead 1
content even compared to before, and the community has lost faith in Valve's former reputation
for commitment to their games post release.
Waaaaaah is what I hear, because you know what?
When I went to Microsoft's booth and EA's booth, guess where the lines were?
For Left 4 Dead 2, so go suck it, because enough people out there fucking love that
game.
At least wait until the game comes out.
Exactly.
It's way too early to start, bitch.
My god, you're going by fucking impressions and some brief gameplay clips and stuff like
that.
Play it, because you know what?
I didn't see a lot of people crying and moaning about playing Left 4 Dead 2.
They're playing it and seem to be having enough fun, so just get over yourselves.
Seriously, been spoiled by Valve, and now you're fucking just bitching and moaning,
but you know what?
That's what fanboys do.
They bitch and moan, so whatever.
That's what we do here on this show.
Three hours every Sunday.
Exactly.
Bitch and moan.
Alright.
The Halo series has Halo Reach and Halo ODST.
Talk about milking a franchise.
Holy shit.
Oh, Halo's done.
Oh, no it's not.
We need to put out some more prequels.
There won't be a Halo 4, but damn it, we'll think of everything else we can do.
ODST looks kind of okay.
Gameplay-wise, I don't know what they're really going to do different than Halo 3, and just
to make sure that you're a sucker and buy ODST.
They're throwing in a bunch of freebies, and they're also going to throw in a beta to Halo
Reach, which we don't even know what the hell it is yet, other than it's going to be like
another prequel.
Awesome.
Not interested in it one bit.
Oh, and they're going to have a collector's edition, as they have to do with every Halo
game, and they're going to include another Xbox 360 controller.
Cat helmet?
No, just an Xbox 360 controller that has special painting on it.
Wow, are you a-
Does it have a functional D-pad?
No, but it's camo.
Brad from Pod Culture in chat comments, ODST has Nathan Fillion.
Ooh.
Oh, well then that's perfect for all those fanboys out there who love Nathan Fillion.
Crackdown 2.
Okay, this is the only game I actually was really excited about hearing about it, because
I love me some Crackdown, and I hope that god, there's no Halo Reach beta in this too,
so-
Didn't they say- oh no, the Reach beta's an ODST, I think.
I know, but it doesn't mean they can't put another Reach beta into this, but yeah, it's
going to be cool.
They're going to expand the co-op in it to 4 players, which I think it should have had
in the first place, and they're also going to have 16 player deathmatch in it, which
is awesome.
How about Shadow Complex?
This is the one that Cliffy B came out, and y'all think it's going to be Gears of War
3, but nope, it's a game called Shadow Complex, which is an Xbox Live arcade game, kind of
looks like Bionic Commando Rearmed.
I think it was supposed to be more like Castlevania and Metroid, is kind of what they were comparing
it to, and it looked neat.
I don't know if it's going to be a game I'm going to want.
They were saying the rumor right now is that it's not going to be priced less than $20.
Yikes.
But anyway, it looks like it has quite a bit of polish to it.
I didn't actually get to play it, but it looks neat.
I mean, I'm glad to see he's not working on Gears of War 3, because really, come on, that
would be just a broken record right there.
What else?
Forza 3, you've kind of mentioned a few times throughout the show, looked pretty neat.
Pretty much like all the rumors were back in that one survey that they had going around.
Two Disc, I think they said 250 cars.
Really cool stuff, actually 400 manufacturers in there.
They were going to have the ability to upload high def video.
They actually have a video editor in there, which looked pretty sweet.
Not really my cup of tea, but it's a neat feature, and then also kind of including the
same stuff that they had in Forza 2, with all the designing cars, they kind of spent
a little bit much, a lot of time on the whole designing cars thing, like, it was a way for
me to express myself and stuff like that.
That was a little bit, I don't know, ridiculous, if you ask me, because, dude, just, I don't
know, draw something on paper or something.
I don't know, seriously, there's other ways to express yourself, not this game.
This game didn't just come out and go, oh my god, now I can actually express myself
for the first time.
I express myself through playing The Sims.
Well, maybe you can upload some of these high def videos and pictures to the brand new Facebook
integration on Xbox Live.
Yeah.
But wait, wait, it doesn't stop there.
It doesn't stop there.
Twitter on Xbox Live as well.
The Facebook thing actually looked kind of cool.
The only reason it looked cool is because you can actually, upcoming games are going
to support this in-game screenshot thing.
That's kind of neat.
That's kind of neat.
I don't know about Facebook and Twitter.
I don't use Twitter that much, and Facebook I really don't use that much.
It'll be neat, and I'm glad that they're adding more things, but, web browser, please, just
add a web browser.
Don't need all these things.
Just add a web browser.
Guess what?
I can go to Facebook.com, or I can go to Twitter.com and add tweets that way.
I have Facebook on my iPhone, so I don't need anything else.
Add a web browser.
And not just that, Last.fm was another integration they announced that's going to be there.
That's pretty cool.
So that you'll be able to, I guess, stream the Last.fm radio, I'm assuming, to the Xbox
360.
I kind of took that assumption.
Or it's going to track your plays from the 360.
I'm not sure exactly how that's working.
I don't really use Last.fm.
So exactly what kind of stations are we talking, like music hosted on servers, and we can stream
stations based on artists?
Well, here's the thing.
On Last.fm, it basically tracks everything you play using a Scrobbler, everything that
you play.
So what you can do, once you've tracked some of your listening things, what it will do
is it will actually develop a station that's your station.
So any artist that has released the permission for their songs to stream, essentially, any
of your songs that are released, you can have a station that's just your music that you
can access from basically anywhere.
The iPhone app, I am assuming the 360 in the future, or what have you.
But also, you can do music you might like.
If you like this, then you'd probably like this type of music.
Because obviously, it's trending what you listen to and what other people listen to.
Funny enough, if you listen to podcasts on iTunes, they get Scrobbled.
So yeah, there's an entry for Orange Launch Radio on Last.fm, because people listen to
our show, and so it goes into there.
But I wouldn't think that this integration is going to mean that the podcasts are suddenly
going to be listening.
I don't think it's going to do anything for us.
But yeah, podcasts are a small part of Last.fm.
Very small.
Neat.
I know.
It could be interesting.
I'm not sure.
We need to hear more about it.
But that was kind of a surprise.
Some of the other things that they talked about at the press conference.
Final Fantasy XIII actually running on the Xbox 360.
Which looked fine.
Big deal looked like the PlayStation 3 one.
I mean, not a big surprise there.
Which we all knew it kind of should.
Metal Gear Solid rising.
Not four.
Rising.
And Metal Gear Solid was coming out.
We already knew that.
It wasn't a big surprise.
But boy, when Kojima walked out on that stage, I bet there were a lot of people thinking,
here it is.
Here it is.
Yeah, they were thinking, oh.
And I love the way they worded it.
Now the Metal Gear franchise has come to the 360.
And they made it sound like it was exclusive.
But it's not.
No.
No.
Metal Gear Solid rising is not.
I think this just cements.
And I better not hear it ever again.
Metal Gear Solid 4 is not coming to the 360.
If it was, you would have heard it this year at E3.
It is done.
They have moved on.
This is how they're getting Metal Gear Solid on the 360 is moving forward.
There is a new Metal Gear Solid PlayStation Network and live game that's coming out.
Just using the Metal Gear Solid 4 engine.
Oh, neat.
What game is that?
I don't remember what it's called, but I remember hearing about it.
Maybe that's that Metal Gear Solid arcade.
That's probably what that is.
I was thinking an arcade game, but it's actually for Xbox Live Arcade.
So that's kind of neat.
There you go, Metal Gear Solid 4 on the 360.
Couple other games.
Modern Warfare 2.
I don't know if you are into this, Loki.
No.
Not my thing.
Yeah, again, this kind of falls in the category of, hey, it looks neat for the people that
are into that sort of game, but I can't play everything.
Alan Wake.
Let's close with Alan Wake.
What did you think of this one?
It's nice to actually see the game being played.
A little weird.
I don't know.
The whole light-dark thing is kind of neat.
Mine is a WiiWare game.
Yeah, I wanted to know about that one because I wasn't sure on it.
Well, here's a little trailer I can actually play here, except there's a lot to this.
It's a very lengthy trailer.
I came to the small town of Bright Falls on vacation with my wife, Alice.
Now she's missing.
Let me see if I can skip ahead a little.
It's my fault.
I'll actually try to show some of the...
Yeah, I don't like the previously on Alan Wake because it reminds me of Alone in the
Dark.
Alone in the Dark.
No one should have to remember that.
I don't know.
It looks like in the cutscenes a little bit silent and hilly, but I don't think that's
how the game actually plays.
There, you can see some of the game in motion there.
That's something that made me motion sick.
Maybe.
It looks kind of neat.
It's about these evil things that are invisible and then shine the light on people.
Kind of like the Brian and Karen, you attack them and I don't know.
What was that movie where the guy had the sunglasses and you could see aliens that way?
Is it like that?
It's black?
No, They Live or something.
It had Rowdy Roddy Piper in it.
X Lincoln Chat says, it looks like Silent Hill meets Supernatural.
That would be like Jamie's dream game.
Yeah, that would really be my dream game.
I think I would have to check this one out after all.
All right.
Loki, what did you want to add?
I was going to add, there was one thing that didn't get announced at, actually a few things
that they announced and touched on.
One, some new enhancements to Netflix.
They add, now you're going to be able to actually add stuff to your streaming queue straight
from the 360.
Not having to go back to your PC, which is kind of cool.
And you'll be able to also browse through different categories on there.
They're also doing some additions to the video store on there where you can do instant streaming
stuff.
So that's kind of weird.
That's actually going to be able to, no buffering whatsoever, it's just going to stream, which
I told that to some of my people at work and they're very skeptical on that.
And also it's going to be upgraded to 1080p instead of just 720p.
Of course the Xbox video marketplace is being relaunched at the Zune video this fall to
kind of integrate it with their Zune HD stuff, which did not come up at the conference at
all.
And then also this one was a really big surprise, it didn't come up at the conference at all.
You're going to be able to download full Xbox 360 games starting in August on their service.
And you're going to be able to basically buy brand new games including Mass Effect, Assassin's
Creed, Civilization Revolution.
You can use Microsoft points or actually use a credit card to buy these games.
And they're full retail games that do not require a disk at all and they'll store it
on your hard drive.
That just sounds a bit bizarre.
Yeah, kind of interesting, the whole digital distribution thing, huh?
Just like full?
The whole damn game.
That's pretty crazy.
All right, so that pretty much wraps it up for everything I wanted to say about the press
conferences.
DarkSucker, I know you had a few stories you wanted to talk about tonight that weren't
really necessarily tied in completely to E3, do we want to get to those?
But some of it was touched on a bit, let me pull up.
And then I'm going to probably just turn it back to Loki, see if there's anything else
he wants to mention about E3.
But we need to cover release dates at some point too, don't we?
So we'll cover release dates as well and get into those.
I unfortunately accidentally closed my release date page, so let me get back to it.
We are going to go to the Skype line tonight, but since we anticipate there's going to be
a lot of calls tonight, we're going to institute our two-minute rule tonight, which means no
call is going to go longer than two minutes.
We're going to be asking everyone the same questions, who are you and what did you think
of E3?
So we'll give everyone their two minutes, but since we want to get through a lot of
calls tonight, just so you know, that's going to be the rule tonight.
I know that might be sad, but at the same time, that means we get more people on the
phone and that's happy.
Alright, there we go.
Be happy.
Yeah, start talking.
Alright, what we have is, for the 10th, this is UK releases by the way, we have Drakonika
on PC, and then on the 12th we have EA Sports Grand Challenge Tennis, Indiana Jones and
Staff of Kings on a bunch of systems, Prototype on PC, PS3, Xbox 360, and that's it.
Going over to Japan, you might have heard me mention last week, there really is not
a lot to look forward to in Japan this month, it's a very slow release over in Japan, and
that continues to be true this week.
There really isn't anything out on the Xbox 360 or the Playstation 3, although a big game
is getting a price drop next week, I'll have to tell you about that next week, but going
to some of the other systems, again, going to Japan, on the Playstation 2, again, nothing,
there is literally nothing coming out in Japan this week, let me see if the DS is any different.
Okay, on the DS you get Infinite Space is a new game from Sega coming out, that comes
out this week, that is really the only big release on the DS.
That's the new Platinum Games game.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Trying to see if there's anything on the Wii to mention this week, Chibi-Robo, the Wii
version comes out in Japan this week, as well as Metroid Prime 2 with Wii controls, but
of course, as you know, it's coming out here in the US pretty soon, as a combined one,
and then quickly looking at the PSP for Japanese release dates, I really don't think there's
anything this week either, oh no, I take that back, of course there's another Neon Genesis
Evangelion game, Kotsetsu no Girlfriend 2nd Portable, limited edition.
Oh, they're doing, I've played that game too, the Girlfriend of Steel.
Fate Unlimited, Kodes Portable is now coming to the PSP in Japan this week, it's a PS2
game that's been ported, a 3D fight for the Holy Grail.
That's it for Japanese releases.
In the US there wasn't a whole lot this, or coming a week here, but today we had Legendary
photography, it's a 2D platforming franchise from Nintendo that's finally made its way
over to the United States.
Also next week we'll be getting Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2010 on all platforms, a lot more
games you're gonna see coming out supporting Wii Motion Plus, since that's also coming
out on the 9th, including EA's Grand Slam Tennis, of course there's also the Tiger Woods
PGA Tour Wii bundle with Wii Motion Plus.
And then finally also coming out that, I think there's one other Wii Motion Plus game, oh
yes!
Virtua Tennis 2009 on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii.
And then other games other than Wii Motion Plus stuff, Prototype coming out on PS3 and
Xbox 360 and then Blue PC.
And also we've got some really crappy games, Diva Girls, Divas on Ice on the DS, and I
think on the Wii, Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings on Playstation 2, the Wii, the PSP,
and I believe the DS, Vertigo, which is a marble blast type of game, that's gonna be
coming out on the Wii, it's a budget title.
Also this week, Rock Band Unplugged coming out on PSP, and also the bundle to go along
with that.
And back to crappy games, Pets Fashion, Dogs and Cats, yes a game where you can dress up
both dogs and cats to look absolutely ridiculous.
And on the Wii we have Go Play Lumberjacks, Lumberjack themed games, and Go Play Circus
Star.
I'm a Lumberjack and I don't care.
Seriously.
And then, let's see here, oh and then how could I forget, Guitar Hero On Tour, Modern
Hits, the third DS game, not supporting the, you know, DSi, Pool Hall Pro, another budget
Wii billiards game, and then finally on the DS, Lego Battles, the real time strategy game
for DS.
Alright.
Sounds fascinating.
Uh, DarkSocker, I don't know if you had anything else you wanted to mention.
Um, yeah, actually yes I did, because it's about Tekken.
Go for it.
And I love Tekken.
And Loki, we'll go to you with any other E3 things you want to report on.
Um, actually it's just a report from E3 about Tekken 6, it has a beat em up mode.
You can go around beating stuff up.
Stomp em, smash em, and it has a story with it, and you can use guns and have giant robots.
Well hooray for giant robots.
Is that like the whole, like, Tekken 3 had it's beat em up mode in it?
That's what I think, that's how I, um, but I mean, I think it's gonna be fun, I mean
at least it's not like the crazy RPG mode.
True.
But I love, I love to meet some Tekken.
Um, alright, and some other things that were kind of E3 related, uh, another part of the
Microsoft press conference that they talked about, uh, the new game from Big Park, um,
Joyride, it's a free to download, kart racing game, however free to download, but there
will be additional download content that will cost money that, um, basically all these different
micro, micro, uh, transactions involved with the game.
But it is free to download, so free is always good, and at least you can check it out that
way.
It's like, just like a Korean MMO.
Exactly.
So, um, that'll be coming soon from Microsoft, and in fact, to kind of go along with all
that stuff, um, Microsoft has announced their new Summer of Arcade, and with that, a bunch
of games coming out, including Splosion Man, which I believe they had a trailer for a while
ago, which looked kind of cool, the, uh, game from Epic Shadow Complex, TMNT Turtles in
Time Reshelled, the remake of Turtles in Time.
That's happy, happy, happy.
Yes, please.
Uh, the HD port of Marvel vs. Capcom 2, coming.
Nice.
Trials HD, which is based off of a Steam game, uh, Trials 2, 2nd edition, um, that's gonna
be coming out, and also, to go along with, um, the more, you know, telltale games, adventure
games, Monkey Island Special Edition, coming out with, uh, both, uh, remixed and original
graphics.
Oh, that was a huge thing announced at E3.
And who, who played, who played Monkey Island?
I played Monkey Island.
That was a huge PC game, uh, the LucasArts series.
Well, I mean, I just wanted to know if either of you guys actually played it, because I
actually didn't.
I didn't play that one, but I played Loom and some of the other ones that LucasArts
played.
Well, Loom, Loom, hell yeah, I love Loom.
Yeah.
I love me some Michael, er, uh, Monkey Island there, and I also, um, something else that
made me kind of, uh, happy, is not only are they really seeing the original Monkey Island
and the remixed version, but Telltale is working on episodic Monkey Island games that are going
to be coming to all the platforms that normally receive the Monkey Island games, including,
um, I believe Xbox Live, uh, PC and WiiWare.
I think they only announced PC and WiiWare right now for the, uh, Monkey Island stuff,
but I can only assume that it's coming to the other platforms, probably PlayStation
Network as well.
So that's really cool.
Um, avatars are going to get some interesting stuff.
You're going to be able to get unlockable clothing and, um, props for avatars based
on achievements, and they were showing off some of the ones for ODST, which unlocks a
costume for your character, so that's kind of cool that they're utilizing them in that
sense.
That's kind of cool.
And yet still no trophy cabinets in home, although I will say I did play home this week,
and they are slowly making upgrades to what we all thought home was going to be a year
ago.
So, yeah, you can finally put pictures in home.
You can import pictures in your home.
That's special.
Um, some other stuff, um, going back to Microsoft again, um, some features they were talking
about when they originally were showing off the new Xbox experience.
Now you will be able to watch movies with your friends and also do the photo slideshows
and stuff like that with your friends.
I think you can actually already do the photo slideshows now, but you'll be able to listen
to the music and stuff with your friends, so a feature that they showed off originally,
you're actually going to be able to do it now, for the UK, um, audience, you're getting
Sky TV, so you'll be able to watch, um, sporting events and stuff like that, which is kind
of cool, um, with your friends.
And then, um, let's see here, also, uh, some other random stuff, um, Xbox Live Arcade on
June 17th will be getting Magic the Gathering as their downloadable title.
Magic the Gathering, uh, Duels of Planeswalker, um, will be coming out, so, um, if you're
a Magic fan, that's probably pretty exciting news.
Um, on the Wii, actually, WiiWare in Japan is getting a new four player Pokemon fighting
game that's coming, um, out on June 16th.
No word on exactly how that's going to play, but, uh, it says, it looks like gameplay is
real time, like Zelda or, um, Ys type action RPG, and, of course, four players can face
off in the game's Battle Royale arena mode, huh, interesting, um, let's see here, uh,
Team Ico, remember, I think we talked a little bit, um, last week that they were teasing
that, um, there's going to be some Ico download content for, uh, LittleBigPlanet.
Did they say what it is?
Actually they have, um, they have some more teaser stuff to go along with it, but, apparently,
it looks like it might actually be a level pack, like, uh, the Metal Gear Solid stuff.
Sweet, I love the Metal Gear Solid level pack.
Yeah, so, um, they have some stuff from Media Monocle, it's on their website, um, doesn't
really show, it says it's, uh, Shadow Colossus stuff, I guess, is what it's supposed to be,
um, they don't really, it's just, like, kind of teaser stuff right now, I'm trying to pull
up their videos, see if it actually shows, haha, I don't know, but it looks like it's
just going to be Shadow Colossus stuff, I don't know if it's actually levels or stuff,
but, um, it's at least going to be stickers and costumes, so that's kind of neat, and
they have, like, a Colossus, um, costume and stuff, uh, Tatsunoko vs. Capcom was shown
at E3 this year, and they've announced that there's going to be five new characters for
North America, since they've removed one.
And they're taking out the Genie character.
So, uh, that'll be kind of cool, uh, Perfect Dark, being remade for Xbox Live Arcade, we
kind of knew that because of all the leaked icons and images and stuff like that, but
it has been confirmed now, it's actually being, um, redone, um, or kind of, uh, updated, I
guess, to run in 1080p, and it'll be coming out this fall on Xbox Live Arcade.
Um, let's see here, some other stuff, like, they were showing off this game called, uh,
Cop, the Recruit, uh, for the DS, it actually looked pretty cool, it actually looked like
kind of the PSP Grand Theft Auto games, that's coming out from Ubisoft, uh, I think later
this year.
So that'll look kind of cool.
Um...
Why don't we take some calls real quick, a little bit of Skypline, because, yeah, we're
already running into about three hours worth of show, it's about 930 here on the west coast,
very late on the east coast, so I'm gonna go ahead and open up the Skypline tonight,
try to get some calls out of the way, and then we'll see if Loki has anything else he
wants to bring up.
And if you guys want to share your E3 stories, so we can wrap up and get out of here tonight,
try to get done before 10 o'clock tonight, so...
Oh, come on!
I know, but I kind of have to work really early tomorrow, so we're gonna start taking
some calls, remember, two-minute rules in effect tonight.
Hi, Aaron Orange, Orange Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is DS Master 26.
I'm sorry, was that DS Master 26?
Yes.
Alright, what's on your mind?
Tell us about your E3 thoughts.
Well, I watched it online, and of course, I also watched the Sony conference, the Microsoft
and Nintendo ones blew me away, but Sony, boring.
The biggest disappointment was, okay, you know how they had Chewbacca come out with
the PSP 2000 Star Wars pack, right?
Right.
I can't believe how they did not schedule Miley Cyrus, aka Hannah Montana, to bring
out the Hannah bundle.
Seeing as that it got such a huge reception, yeah, but what was it that impressed you more
with Microsoft and Nintendo that Sony wasn't delivering on?
Like, they showed actual gameplay for Final Fantasy XIII, they showed off, you know, a
few songs from Beatles Rock Band, which that was actually kind of awesome, and the Nintendo
conference was actually really kind of cool when they showed off the other M, Metroid.
So I'm like, this is freaking awesome.
Was there more than just the Metroid that you enjoyed at a Nintendo's press conference?
Um, that was pretty much, well, other than the Resident Evil stuff, but yeah, and cop.
Because I'm like, come on, Rockstar, if Ubisoft can pull off full 3D sandbox games for DS,
it's similar to GTA.
Why can't you?
You know?
Alright, 20 seconds left.
Any other thoughts about E3 you want to share?
Basically, what I was talking about before my PSP went wonky, if Rock Band's dealing
with a Lego, I'm betting you a full line, somewhere down the line, Guitar Hero's gonna
pick up on Disney.
It's bound to happen.
We'll see what happens.
Alright, time's up.
Batav, good one.
Thanks for calling in.
Alright, peace out.
Later.
Uh, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, yo, what's up?
It's Foodie Monster.
Well, long time no see, Foodie Monster.
How you doing?
How you doing, guys?
I'm doing fine.
I actually moved countries, which is why I've been kind of able, or something, MIA and stuff.
Where are you now?
Oh, yeah.
I'm in Chile, actually.
Well, congratulations on the move.
Alright, so tell us E3 thoughts, quickly.
Okay, well, I actually wrote it down, so I make it faster for you guys.
Let's see.
Splinter Cell Conviction, oh my god, I look incredible, and I'm so happy with the direction
they're taking that game.
Assassin's Creed 2, love the first one.
They promised to give us more diversity, and that's exactly what I wanted.
Project Natal, kind of fucking wait, day one purchase, for sure.
Scribblenauts, amazing.
God versus cracking, I mean, really, that's all you need.
PSP, excited about Sony, because they're really proving that they can support the platform
this way.
They're showing more stuff, more games to the little planet, a lot of things, RPGs,
and I'm really excited about that.
Definitely interested about The Last Guardian, that might actually get me to buy a PS3, because
that looks great.
And definitely my best of E3 thing, the best thing that happened in E3, Secret of Monkey
Island Special Edition, and Telltale's version of Tales from Monkey Island, which is going
to be the best thing since sliced bread.
There are a lot of people very, very excited about that thing.
With the time left, it's funny, because The Last Caller didn't really like what Sony had
to say, but it sounds like you are very excited about what Sony had to say.
You weren't turned off by the PSP's price point.
Well, the thing is I already own a PSP, I'm not planning on buying another PSP.
But I like the design, but if I were to make the jump and buy that one, I would have to
wait until it gets to under 200 bucks, because 250 is a little bit too steep.
All right, we've got 20 seconds left.
Any other last thoughts you want to share with the listeners?
Yeah, actually I just want to say to all non-believers, upon I click adventures, fuck you, they're
back.
Oh yeah.
All right.
Well, Woody, thanks for the call.
It's a pleasure as always.
Call back again when we have more time, okay?
Will do.
See you guys.
All right.
Later.
1877 Game OLR.
His name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is Spazinator.
Hey, Spazinator.
You've got two minutes, E3 thoughts.
Go.
Yeah, I was impressed by both Microsoft and Sony's conferences.
There's too much stuff to really list out, but both the Natal and the Sony motion controller
do look promising.
I can't see whether they're going to be good or not.
I'm also kind of excited about the Final Fantasy release stuff, too.
What do you think, since you're really excited about the motion control, how do you think
Nintendo can catch up, or do they need to?
I honestly don't know.
I really haven't been following Nintendo at all for the past 10 years, so I really don't
know enough about the Wii to really comment on that.
Well, is there any other E3 thoughts you want to comment on tonight, then?
No, that's it.
Thanks for taking my call.
Not a problem.
Take care, Spazinator.
Have a good one.
Yes, you too.
Later.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to give us a call, please make sure if you do use Skype, you want to test
with Echo 1, 2, 3 first before you call, or else your call might sound like crap, and
we don't want to have that now, do we?
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's me, Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Legend of Zaku.
Two minutes.
What do you think of E3?
Pretty much, initially, it looks like Microsoft took it, but then again, Sony actually came
out and tried very, very close to top them, but Nintendo pretty much came in like third.
At least it was better than last year's Nintendo Presser, since that was a downer at best.
But yeah, I just hope that Project Natal actually pulls through, it's actually the real thing,
because Sony's already demonstrated something tangible in terms of what they're working
on.
Do you think that Sony might go back to the drawing board, because you were the one in
chat that spoke up.
It was just a prototype.
Yeah, I mean, think about it.
They just wanted to get a feeler this week, I mean, last week, when they showed it off
at E3, just to gauge what kind of reaction they would get, and then they would incorporate
any sort of feedback or anything that they may have not thought of into the development
process while they still can, because they still got like, what, at least less than a
year before they even release it.
So they should have plenty of time to work out any final kicks before they market this
thing.
No one's answered this question yet, and you've got about 40 seconds left.
Who do you think's going to be the first one out there, Microsoft or Sony?
Yeah, and this is the issue with first to market.
It all depends on whether Sony can outdo Microsoft.
In other words, if Natal is going to get sidelined and delayed, then that works in Sony's favor.
And then we'll see how, you know, we'll see that Natal is nothing more than a crock of
a hyped up, hyped up shit.
Quickly, do you think anyone might rush this and screw up?
It depends.
I think Sony has done a lot to the point where, you know, they could rush this, but they should
have a decent product.
I'm more worried about Microsoft, because we have yet to see the, we haven't even seen
the real, you know, the real thing, and see the real unit on E3.
You only just saw pictures of it and just trailers and demos that didn't even use the
unit itself.
All right, buddy.
I got to let you go.
Time's up, but thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Have a good one.
All right.
Later.
1877 Game OLR.
Your username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
Hello.
Hello, SSJ 100 Matt.
Two minutes.
Ready?
Go.
All right.
E3 overall, I enjoyed it quite a bit.
I enjoyed Sony's conference the most, well, not really the most, but I enjoyed the, you
know, Last Guardian, which actually made me cum a little, not going to lie.
Thanks for your honesty.
We're listening to KTMi.
And I like mag, and then I could, that's all I could think of at the time, but the thing
I wanted to call in about was Natal.
I think I mentioned this on Twitter, you know, I 100% agree with you.
We should be skeptical of this thing, because, you know, they talk pretty big with tech demo
videos, but, you know, until we get something tangible, because they didn't really show
us anything hands-on at the demonstration, just, you know, really the paint thing and
the break, the breakout type thing, but, you know, I would like to see what the third party
developers are going to do with this and whether or not they can pull something out off quick
enough that's, that will be before the end of the three sixties life cycle.
Now that they have their development kits, which apparently they just got.
So that's why I think this thing's still a ways out, but quickly, since you don't have
a lot of time left, any other thoughts you wanted to share?
This is Jay.
Two things.
I was kind of disappointed that they didn't, that weren't at E3, I'm disappointed that
Microsoft didn't mention anything about XNA, what they plan on doing with that.
Oh, that's a damn good point.
You're right.
There wasn't anything on that.
Okay.
Cause they didn't mention anything about it.
And, you know, they're going to kick it to the curb and treat it like the bastard child
it is.
What's the other thing.
And, um, and I was wondering where's Final Fantasy 13 versus.
Good question.
Good.
Yeah.
Nowhere to be seen 2011, if we're lucky.
All right.
As Jay 100, Matt, we got to let you go, but thanks for your thoughts.
Yep.
Boba Fett.
Take care.
Um, and you know, one thing about Microsoft's booth, you should know, usually Microsoft
is one of the most open companies.
Like they have one of the most open booths this year was like they were on lockdown.
There wasn't a lot to see in Microsoft's booth, unless you were a special person with a special
invite to go see the special things such as the demo of project at all and so forth.
They did not have anything like that out in the open this year.
Is it a coincidence?
The same year they let go a lot of their community people like the gamerscore blog folks, the
same year that happens, the Microsoft seems to be closed down a little more to the community.
I don't know.
Coincidence.
I was looking at, they have a really close up picture of the Natal camera and it looks
like it's got two sensors on it or two like, um, you know, actual cameras on it.
Almost like I think they're going to detect depth the same way as a human would detect
depth, you know, with the differences between the two images and figuring out where you
are based on that.
I think that's exactly what they're doing.
I think you're, I think you're right on track.
I think it's like the stereo images, you know, where you stare at it and the, you know, where
the two dots come together and you're supposed to see this, the sail ship and all that.
Are you going to be able to see the sailboat?
I don't know.
I'll try it.
Let's do one more call guys.
Uh, hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hello.
Who's this?
This is Marissa.
Hi, Marissa.
How are you my friend?
I'm all right.
How are you?
I'm sorry.
I just want to leave the house for all of these fans of what was called call of beauty
right now.
Oh, well, awesome.
Well, we're, we're talking about E3, but you've only got two minutes on, so what's on your
mind?
I just called to say hello and, um, the biggest disappointment of E3 was that you did not
call me.
I know.
I'm so sorry, Marissa.
I was just, I got so busy down there was my first trip with my boyfriend and everything
who's from LA and all this other stuff planned, but
I'm just teasing you.
Actually, the only like relevant gamer news to me is that I just found out they're coming
out with a C4.
Which is completely irrelevant to E3, but I just like clap my pants.
I guess there's a rule now it's the 11th, but my boyfriend just saw me dancing out in
the apartment.
He's like, you're a little too happy to see me, but you're happy that this game is coming
out?
Yes, honey.
Darren has a much sexier voice.
Nice.
Anyway, I also want to, I wanted to remind you to call the person who shall not be named
who I've been bothering you to call.
Yes, we will.
We will definitely get on that now that all the craziness of our expo is over and we're
bored again.
At least until PAX.
All right.
It sounded wonderful.
I'm so excited to hear all the updates.
It was in town, but all the LAers knew about it was that it kind of fucked up traffic.
That's all we know about it.
Well, hey, you know, I will be back.
I have a pass for Disneyland now, so I'll definitely be back.
So I will definitely let you know.
Maybe an OLR LA meetup, but Marissa, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up our
show.
Okay?
Absolutely.
And love to Jamie too.
Come hang out with me.
Yes.
Come to Sacramento.
Be on the show.
Please make it happen.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
We're going to go ahead and, uh, have that beat.
Last guy.
I think all the people that were dying to get through that through, we want to wrap
up.
We're already like three hours and counting.
We had a Marissa.
I know.
It was very nice to hear from her.
Uh, Loki, did you have anything else you wanted to get out there before we wrap up tonight?
Uh, Mel, your arcade is actually an arcade game apparently because I see images of the
cabinet now.
So that makes sense.
Well, there is another Xbox live arcade game then.
I don't know what it is.
Um, let's see.
Smash Brothers, um, brawl, the user online services ending, um, that not being the multiplayer
online service, but the service to upload user-generated snapshots, stage designs and
replay data will no longer be available.
Why is that?
That's kind of sad.
No word.
No word at all.
Um, interesting.
Yes.
Something else interesting, Smash Brothers Brawl related, apparently there's a flaw or
an exploit that's been discovered in the stage builder that will allow you to run, oh yes,
you know it, arbitrary homebrew code.
Yes.
This is why it's getting closed.
Here we go.
Another, uh, another, um, exploit, just like a Twilight Princess.
And then, um, let's see here.
And apparently Sony says that E3 is not a proper venue to announce any PS3 price drops.
Excuses, excuses.
That's it.
All right.
I'm having a change of heart.
I'm opening up the phone line one more time, so if we want to get a couple more calls in,
we'll give it just a minute to see if anyone else calls, and we'll give it a, again, two
minute rules in effect.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and then we're
going to wrap up.
I don't know if we're going to do much of an after birth tonight.
I really want, I really want to get out of here by 10 o'clock tonight, so yeah, because
I got to work at six tomorrow.
We need a ten second window.
Ten second window.
No more done.
I think everybody that really wanted to get through got through.
Seven.
Oh, we got another one.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Deathwishing.
Death?
Hello, Deathwishing.
You have two minutes, go.
Um, okay, first of all, everyone, get Fuel.
It's like, for me, even if you're not going to like it, rent it, because it's just so
massive.
It's 5,000 square miles of just racing, and it's just, wow.
Interesting.
I've heard a lot of negative things about Fuel on the game review sites, but that's
now two people.
Yeah, like Edge and IGN, but those sites suck anyways.
True enough.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Anyways, here we go with E3.
Assassin's Creed 2.
I'm going to show you, if I say, ugh, that means it's good, and if I go, oh, that means
no.
Assassin's Creed 2, yes.
Splinter Cell Conviction, I shit my pants.
Halo Reach, I'm actually excited because it's a Halo based on the book, Follow Reach,
which is going to explain why there's Spartans and why there's only four.
And I'm sorry, but the PS3 motion control looks like a sex toy.
You say this like it's a problem.
I think it is.
It looks like a sex toy.
Maybe it is.
Oh.
Why do we have a problem with this?
It's going to give little kids ideas.
Well that's just because their mommy and daddy didn't teach them right.
It's just going to encourage people to put glowing balls on their penis and then try
to get the thing to follow their penis.
Hey, you know what, it's fine.
It's fine.
For boys, you can put the Wii Vitalize on your wiener.
For the girls, you can put the PS3 motion control on your pussy.
I'm not finished.
Oh, sorry.
Project Natal, I could, like, you know how with Rainbow Six Vegas, you could do the facial
scan and put your face in the game?
Now think of Project Natal putting your whole body in the game.
Also, remember they showed that little tech demo with Peter Monono and that little child?
Remember when he needed a drawing?
Come on!
Someone's going to put their penis on there!
It's going to happen!
Yeah, I know that.
I can't wait to scan my new body.
When you use that in a game, a first person shooter, what's going to happen to the fat
guy?
He's going to have a bigger hitbox.
Alright, quickly, because we talked over your call, I'll give you fifteen more seconds to
wrap it up.
I've been playing one versus one hundred and you need to join in, Rob.
This is like Tuesday during, I think they're having another live episode, the twelfth,
and I would join in if I were you.
I will try to play.
I will do my best.
Alright, we've got to let you go.
Have fun.
Bye!
Bye!
I liked his whole uh and buh scale that he didn't even really use.
It was fascinating.
Marissa asked in chat, what is it with guys inputting their penis everywhere and Frisbee
has the right answer because they can.
We talked about this a little earlier in the show.
I don't, I don't do it but I just report it how I see it and history has proven itself.
If it can have a penis put in on it, a penis will be put on it.
Folks, we do not make the news, we merely report on it.
The cock always wins, huh?
Alright, on that thought, we've got to go around and give everybody's final thoughts.
We're on out of here for tonight.
Loki, any final thoughts?
I'm glad to be back, I'm tired.
My final thought is, sleep is awesome.
Dark Soccer, do you have any final thoughts?
My husband didn't bring me a milkshake, I'm disappointed.
He's so fired for that.
Alright, thank you guys so much for tuning into and downloading our show, we really appreciate
it.
Thank you for supporting Independent Podcasting, you guys are amazing and thank you for staying
up late with us tonight and putting up with our crap if you're listening to it on the
podcast feed, getting all the way here to the end.
Really appreciate it.
Thank you guys again so much, if you like what you hear, please tell two friends about
our show, word of mouth is how we sell it.
Thank you guys so much, have a wonderful night, we will see you next week with more gaming
news.
Hey, just because E3's over doesn't mean the video game news is stopping, we'll be back
next week.
Maybe since we'll probably have a lull in the news next week since everybody shot their
wad this week, maybe next week we'll be able to play some good old fashioned OLR games.
So look forward to that next week.
I think that sounds like a stupendous idea.
Alright then, stay tuned to next week in another stupendous show.
In the meantime, I am the stupendous Rob Roberts, that's the amazing Jamie Summers and he's
the OK Loki, and we'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
