28, 2009.
We kick back and celebrate seven years of Orange Lounge Radio with all of our listeners.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game talk show dedicated, of course, to video games.
Video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We like to say it's the place where every gamer has a voice.
But it's going to be these three voices walking you through the next few hours here when we tape live on All Games Radio.
Myself, Rob Roberts, and the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers, here as well.
Hi.
How are you?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
Stay indoors today?
Yeah, I painted baseboards.
Fun.
Being a homeowner rocks, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Awesome.
And then I remember you said something about not being able to get stories for the show tonight.
Yeah, because the internet was down because Comcast was working on improving their network in our neighborhood.
I don't know what that exactly means.
So your house is just broken right now.
Today at least.
That's right.
Well, hey, guys.
It is the seventh year anniversary of Orange Laundry, believe it or not.
We've been talking about it for a couple weeks now, kind of hyping it up a little bit.
And sure enough, we started this little program.
The very first episode was June 23rd.
Thank you for watching!
We can take a minute to say thanks to all of you for helping make it happen.
Because I'll tell you what, that very first show, the very first night, episode number one, we had 12 people listening.
And now on allgames.com, when we tape live, we get as many as 13.
so we've really grown no I'm just kidding obviously we have a little more than that but it's just been great you guys really have taken that to heart what we say at the end of every show to just tell more people about our show and it's worked and we've grown a little bit so thank you guys so much for helping us reach 7 years of Orange Lounge Radio
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We had three hours to talk all about E3 and what happened there.
Tonight, not so much.
So we're going to just do it the old-fashioned way.
Because this is the way we did the show for many, many years.
So we're going to see if we've still got it in us.
And we're just going to wing it, folks, here on Orange Laundry.
We're just going to wing it tonight.
We've started assigning positions as if Orange Lounge was a starship.
Yes, and what's your position?
Captain.
What's my position?
First officer, because you have to talk to everybody and be my voice.
What would be Loki's position?
Worf.
We've given Loki's security officer position because he's the most aggressive of us all.
I see.
And Jason is our ship's engineer.
We decided that... Big man kind of does that too, though, now.
Jason would be like the engineer, Deakman's kind of the person that would actually... Science officer?
Okay.
He can be our science officer.
Like data?
Data?
Data, yeah.
And then that means that, because I was going to say that Tiara was our science officer, but I'm going to make her... Sulu.
She's our Sulu.
She can be our Sulu.
Oh my.
No, Deakman can be our Uhura.
Because he does so much communication stuff for us.
He's our communications officer.
So Sauce can be our science officer.
Yes.
And then our Sulu is Misty.
Okay.
Because she can drive us.
Now, is there a farting officer?
Because we need Rice Princess to have a role.
Chris is ship's lesbian.
Official ship's lesbian.
Okay.
Wouldn't she be the Troy?
Rice Princess can be our Chekhov.
Okay.
So she can scream at people.
Okay.
Okay.
and do our advanced calculations and stuff.
But we need a ship's counselor.
Now everybody in chat is screaming, you know, who's going to be Quark?
Who's going to be Scotty?
Who's the doctor?
This isn't DS9.
Hello?
We don't have Quark.
We have somebody called the doctor already.
So the doctor would be the doctor, silly.
Ship's doctor will be Shermie.
All right.
Meow, meow.
All right.
She's ship's cat.
Let's do what we used to do here on the show, and instead of talking just about games... Ooh, Patty and Sulu!
Get away from the damn Star Trek for a minute.
There's some folks that don't even like Trek listening to the show.
Well, Game Guru said that Loki's our red shirt.
Hey, if you want to... That's not very nice.
If you want to join the chat room and scream Star Trek obscenities with the rest of our chat, chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to be.
Ranma's our ship's counselor.
When we tape live on Sunday nights at All Games Radio at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time...
DarkSakura, how was your day, how was your week?
Awe!
with disability pay.
But no, really, I've needed my finger surgery done.
I was supposed to have it done at the end of July.
She's going on the dole.
Well, someone canceled, and so I was able to get it done tomorrow, and that is such a blessing.
Surgery's important, though.
Yeah, it's a 30 minute procedure, I'm going to be awake through the whole thing Oh my gosh But I won't feel, they won't let me watch, bastards So, anyway, as it's going, I've kind of, it sort of really hit me kind of hard this morning So I've been kind of pissy
Try not to be pissy, I've tried to stay in a good mood, but unfortunately when you're pissy, there's not a lot to keep you from just being pissy, you know?
So I'm supposed to go to a birthday party today, because Julie's birthday was Thursday, and yours was Friday, so happy birthday.
Indeed it was, thank you.
I'm sorry I couldn't make it.
That's okay, I didn't have a lot of stuff.
I called you.
Yeah, you did, and we've got plans later this week, and you need to meet the BF and all that fun stuff, so we'll take care of that later this week.
Indian food while I'm high is a kite, that should be funny.
I do not have to learn to play with myself with my other hand.
That's why God made toys.
Those are the kinds of things that DJ Morpheus will throw out there on Saturday nights right here on All Games Radio where he tapes his show now.
I do want to also point out he did say, hope they cut open the right body part.
Because that would kind of suck to go in there and then suddenly you come out of there and you have bigger boobs.
They could cut open the wrong body part and take out part of it.
That would be happy.
Alright.
Anyway, as far as my week?
Yes.
Um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Tell us a little bit about the condition, because I think you haven't talked a lot about playing games yourself on the show in probably the past six months.
Granted, you've had some on the DS and stuff, but I think people don't understand that you have something up with your hand.
You can't really do the controllers for very long.
I'll tell you what hurts most about playing a game is... And by the way, I agree with Travis.
He is our cue.
Thanks for watching!
and those muscles of course are in your forearm and the tendons run from your forearm to your finger and it's my middle two fingers of my right hand my flipping off everybody because they suck finger and my not getting married finger which is the other hand so it's on my right hand
So anyway, the tendons that when they attach to the muscles in your fingers, there's a sheath around them of tissue.
Something that kind of holds them in place so that they don't bow out, you know, like when you have a bow strung too tightly and the things start popping out.
and it keeps the tendons in place and what happened is I have swelling on my hand if you look at your palm up above the center of your palm where the the really fleshy part is right under your fingers I have a knot on each tendon and what happens is that if you imagine like a pulley
DarkSakura.com
Actdeft in our chatroom says, Flexor tendonitis.
It sounds like a DJ.
A little bit.
Well, that's really, I think, the best way I can describe it.
So what they're going to do is actually cut my hand open.
And it's just like they open two little flaps on either side.
And they're going to snip the tendon sheath so that that lump...
DJ Flexer
So they're circumcising your hand?
No, I'm not having skin removed from it.
They're just making a little cut.
But the whole problem as far as how it hurts is that now it's to the point that even when my fingers are straightened out, if I try to bend them, that lump, it's just so much swelling in my fingers.
Because you can actually see it on my palm.
Well, I'm showing Rob.
Great radio.
It's visible on my palm now.
It hurts a lot, actually.
It's really sore.
You know what they say about folks with swelled palms?
They hurt?
Never mind.
Oh, wait, that's hairy palms.
You know what they say about men with big feet?
Big socks?
Big shoes.
Um, but, um, now, holding a controller, now me telling everyone right exactly where the, where the owies are.
Imagine having a piece of hard plastic shoved against swollen tendon tissue for, oh, longer than ten minutes.
Imagine not being able to bend your middle two fingers.
It hurts to hold a fork.
I can't hold, you know, I do graphic art and everything.
I can't hold my stylus or a pen that isn't like a big child-sized fat highlighter or smelly markers for longer than 10 minutes.
And it's really getting in the way of my life.
So I'm just going to say cortisone.
I've had two rounds of cortisone, two shots in each finger.
I'm done.
I'm ready just to have the surgery done and get it over with.
Well, this is like real trauma in the ER type of thing.
Although it's not really an emergency.
It's not bad.
It's not a big procedure.
It sounds a lot like what my mom had a couple years ago.
She had her shoulder operated on and her shoulder was preventing her from painting.
And I know that was really rough on her because she's older.
She's past 65 at this point.
She's long retired from being a preschool teacher and nanny, the stuff she did.
She likes to paint.
That's how she passes the time.
So having to have that surgery was rough for her.
But now she can paint again and she's really happy.
So soon you'll be able to play games again and
DarkSakura.com
Project Natal
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
it was it was just like I would just sit and just sketch you know for stress relief couldn't do it I can't massage people except but with my left hand which fortunately enough my primary clients all of her problems are on her left side so that's fine but you know it's just it's it's gonna be an adjustment but I'm absolutely relieved well now were you able to get into any gaming at all
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Is that actually a skill in The Sims?
Yes, it's one of the hidden skills.
You can just start playing video games and you can get up to level 10 master video games.
What happens if you max out your video gaming skill?
Do you become like Fatality and you get your own line of video cards and stuff?
No, you just are awesome.
But Simmy is a professional writer and a hacker.
Just because.
All right.
Well... Oh, and I played Peggle.
I'm glad to see Sims is going fun.
Yeah?
I played Peggle.
Peggle on the iPhone?
Yep, on iPhone.
Yeah?
I loves me some Peggle.
I'm glad they did that sale.
That motivated me to buy it.
And for people who are using Linux, there actually is a pretty good version of Breakout on Linux.
I'm running Linux Mint on my laptop.
And I like it that instead of using the arrow buttons to move your little bar around, you actually use the touchpad.
It recognizes the touchpad and you can slide your finger back and forth to move your little bounce bar.
So that was pretty fun.
I played, I was at Boston Market and I was playing Breakout over Chicken at Boston Market.
Nice, Chicken and Breakout.
Yep.
Awesome.
I am done.
Loki, how was your day?
How was your week?
I was trying to perfect the perfect modifications to Grand Theft Auto 4.
And we have a working set now.
It's absolute chaos.
I mean, there's explosions going off everywhere consistently.
Basically, we replaced a bunch of the weapons in the game.
Starting with the Desert Eagle now is a gun that shoots these little vortex...
I guess they basically throw people into the air or cars or just whatever you fire it at and um so that was basically the first thing I created which was like a defensive weapon and it works pretty good and then we replaced the um the Mac 11 with uh
It's a Molotov launcher that fires lots of fire at people and catches them on fire and cars on fire and you name it.
Then the MP5 which is the other Uzi in the game now fires rapid fire grenades and
and DarkSakura
Real quick question from chat.
Let me ask this.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com live on this Sunday evening.
Loki, is there any way we can download your mods?
That's from SSJ100, Matt.
No.
I'd have to post a copy of the ISO on there.
I guess I could post a copy of my modified files.
Then you just have to do the modifications yourself.
And then you'd have to build your own ISO and then burn it off and then play it on a modded 360.
But...
Yeah, I could do that, but it's a lot of work.
And then, let's see, what else did I do?
Oh, the M4 now fires a bunch of rockets, which is kind of funny.
But they don't exactly explode on impact, they just bounce around a lot, which is kind of funny.
And then, let's see what else...
I think that's pretty much it as far as weapons go.
It's just a lot of chaos, and then also the police car flies, and the bus and the big vehicles basically are pretty dense, and they'll crash through anything and go really fast.
It's really mixing up the game.
Right now, because we've been playing Grand Theft Auto 4 since it's come out, and hell, we've been playing Grand Theft Auto games since they've come out on the PSP, and they had multiplayer in them.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
So beyond all that stuff, I've been just kind of unpacking and...
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's all in Japanese.
Yeah, I mean, I think with Wii Sports, it's more a lot of people have a curiosity about Wii Sports than are actually looking forward to it, have it pre-ordered.
I don't know.
I get the feeling our listener base is more curious about it before they're going to plop down that kind of money.
It's a good deal.
I mean, the game's going to be pretty decent, and it's got 12 sports in it, plus you get Wii Motion Plus.
So, I mean, hey, if the game sucks, at least you have Wii Motion Plus.
and you know as much I had to buy my Wii Motion Pluses at GameStop just because that's where I ended up turning in my games so I had a lot of credit and it was just games that I've had for a while or gotten free from work like really I'm not going to play UFC or you know I don't really give a crap about the Wheelman so wait so the Wii Motion Plus is already out
WeMotionPlus is already out.
No, but you can actually play frisbee golf and stuff in Tiger Woods 2010.
So that's kind of cool.
And then... Yeah, but anyway, so I bought mine at GameStop.
And if you aren't using trading credit or happen to be getting free games that are really old and crappy...
You're just basically in pay with cash or something like that.
Don't go to GameStop because they're charging $5 over retail.
They're charging $25 for the Wii Motion Pluses.
They retail at $20.
They know it.
They just figure people are dumb and going to buy it.
And yes, I was dumb and bought it.
But the only reason I bought it there is because it actually didn't really cost me anything since I traded in games I got for free.
So who cares?
Really, I could have gone to GameCrazy or something like that.
I'm just not going to drive the extra distance to go someplace else other than GameStop, so who cares?
But I did buy the last two that they had, so that was kind of cool.
And then I'm sure I'll eventually use them, but I just haven't gotten around to it yet.
But yeah, that's pretty much what's been going on.
I have a lot of games on deck, I guess, to play, and I just haven't really...
Red Faction Guerrilla or Arma 2 this week or something.
All right.
Well, let's see.
I'll start with games, then I'll get into personal stuff.
Let's see.
Games I played this week.
I've still been playing Fuel.
I think I've played Fuel more than Loki has now.
I know.
I keep wanting to go back to him.
I've unlocked four zones now, which is still nothing.
I mean, there's like 19 zones.
There's a lot of orange to peel in Fuel.
How are the third and fourth zones?
What's the third one they unlocked?
It's in the middle, the dry run, I think.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That's awesome.
Yeah, I thought it was actually kind of cool.
It really helps in some of the races too.
I guess you could say it's cheating, but whatever.
Who cares?
It's a glitch in the game.
It's a silly game.
You know, I don't think fuel should be taken extremely seriously, but it's big, dumb, stupid fun.
And the world really is huge.
I can see, though, some of the reviews I've read say, you know, and I've talked about this game.
It's probably going on my third week talking about this game.
I don't want to kind of reinvent the wheel here.
But I think one of the most common negative things I've read in reviews is that, yeah, you have this big open world, but full of what?
There's really not a lot in it.
And I think I kind of am getting to understand that point of view a little more.
Although I do find this game fun, I think a lot of the courses are pretty cool.
There isn't a lot that really, at least in the first few areas Have you gotten to any of the weather things like tornadoes and stuff?
Not the tornadoes and stuff, so that's where I'm hoping we'll kind of change my mind I've seen some screenshots of that and that looks crazy I did do a heavy wind type race, but all that did was kind of decrease my visibility and put this weird filter on that just made it look like stuff was blowing in front of my car and everything the whole time It was, I don't know
Thanks for watching!
So here I am trying to, like, I've unlocked an achievement now for getting 10 Vista points.
I think I'm up to, like, 12 Vista points.
And for some reason, that's, like, my big goal in this game right now is, like, okay, I gotta play the arcade races until I can get the Doppler truck that I can run into to get the Vista points because I want all the Vista points because that's supposed to be the prettiest areas in the game.
I'll tell you what.
DarkSakura.com
I will tell you the one thing that does drive me nuts.
I installed Fueled My Hard Drive and I think it's causing more crashes than ought to be there.
Sometimes after I do a challenge, if I do a challenge right out of the camp, the game locks up on me when I try to go back to free run.
The loading times are just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If I'm not going to exit that menu, unless I'm going to race.
It's loading the actual area of the arc, because when you exit the menu, it doesn't have any load time, I don't think.
It just seems weird.
The loading times are weird.
But honestly, it's not a perfect game, but I am having fun with it, and I think that's what's most important at the bottom line.
I can be as critical as I want of a video game on these.
I've driven right through a tree.
There are some very big...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
There is some silly fun in it.
All those ramp houses have fuel on top of them that you have to stop and get.
I usually don't stop for fuel.
I'll try to run into it if I'm driving by it, but otherwise... It's funny, when I play on Xbox Live and turn Xbox Live on, there's nobody around anywhere.
Just because...
I'm surprised they don't have a way to turn that on by default.
I think more people would be using it if it was like test drive where it was on by default.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Let's see.
Other games I've been playing this week.
Magic the Gathering.
I actually bought Magic the Gathering on Xbox Live despite our little story about it last week.
I know DarkSakura is holding up the cards.
We still have to have our duel.
But you see, I need to remember how to play again.
So that's why I downloaded the Xbox Live version.
That was the whole point that we were going to play Unpracticed.
Oh, my bad.
Well, I couldn't resist.
I had to check it out.
But yeah, I mean...
If you like the card game, it's a fairly faithful reinterpretation.
I don't know.
I still think nothing beats the actual cards for a card game.
But I guess they did a pretty good job with the translation.
I mean, you know what?
Uno, I could make the same argument there.
Uno's a card game, but it's still kind of fun on Xbox Live because you have the camera and everything.
And I was surprised.
Imagine the Gathering has the camera built in too.
I didn't realize that.
So hooray, a game I can get use out of my Xbox Live camera.
I'm excited.
Um...
But yeah, the game itself, I suck at it, but I was able to at least beat the first guy.
And, you know, it's cool.
I was having a problem figuring out how to edit my deck, though.
It's not very intuitive in that regard.
And I'm not looking forward to all the microtransactions that I'm sure to come with this.
But, you know what, for what it is, and considering it's only $10, when the card game itself can start to cost you a lot more very quickly, it's worth checking out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks for watching!
I didn't play it enough.
I need to play it more, but for an early review, I will say I had a lot more fun with it than I was expecting to.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and we all like to run around in our G-strings and assless leather chaps wearing nothing but handcuffs.
And that is so not true and definitely not me, okay?
That's for sure.
A, I don't have the body for that, so you can thank yourselves ahead of time for that.
And B, it's just not really, you know... Sure, I've done Rocky Horror Picture Show for a long time, but the rest of that...
You know, the big stuff they do out there I don't know, it's just not me And I don't like the fact that it's the impression that some people get Because some people are naive So I used to kind of have a problem with it because it was so excessive But let me tell you this In straight culture, there's a lot of excessive stuff as well I mean, think about it Pride is no different from a Playboy mansion party The girls next door MTV's Spring Break Thank you very much How is that any worse than what goes on at Gay Pride?
It's really not.
MTV Spring Break is just as bad as anything you're going to see in San Francisco.
I haven't been to the parade there, but I've been to the Castro Street Fair, which I've heard has almost a similar reputation.
And it was really...
DarkSakura.com
Um, you know what, and then I always hear that argument, what about straight pride?
Well, I mean like MTV Spring Break is a little bit of straight pride I think in a way, but also I don't think pride necessarily has to do with just being gay.
I think it's about just being different.
Out of the Closet
and I don't feel the gay shame that I used to.
I actually do still agree though with Patton Oswalt is that the gay pride parade should actually tour from state to state and go everywhere instead of just the cities where you're not really shocked by it existing like Tuscaloosa.
Nice.
So yeah, I did that today and that was cool, except for having to stand out in the blaring sun for like two hours, less cool.
But you're in San Francisco?
It still was hot.
I mean, even though it's San Francisco right by the ocean, you have a nice breeze, it was still hot.
What was kind of cool, speaking of hot, Gavin Newsom walked right by us.
So we got to like, he was like right there.
And Victoria, who hasn't been on the show in a long time.
Gavin Newsom, he's the mayor of San Francisco, and he's going to be running for governor in 2010.
He walked right by, and Victoria exclaimed, oh my god, he's even hotter in person.
I was thinking of someone else for some reason.
No, he's very controversial.
But anyway, I'm not going to get into politics too much in there, but it was just kind of cool to see someone that a lot of people know right there.
Let's see, the rest of my week outside of today, I'm going to be honest, I've had a very...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I had it in my car.
Shocking, right?
But I don't know what happened.
I think just everybody was just kind of into just talking and, you know, the TV just hardly ever got turned on but for music on the cable music channels.
So it was just kind of like, you know, just kind of a different type of party which was cool.
Let's see.
And as far as the rest of my week, okay, look, like...
What a crazy week it's been, especially if you're a Hollywood celebrity right now, right?
And you might be wondering, I wonder if OLR is going to be doing a tribute tonight to Michael Jackson, or Farrah Fawcett, or Ed McMahon, or that infomercial guy, what was his name?
Was that the ShamWow guy?
Billy Mays.
Billy Mays, okay, I don't...
Obviously, I don't follow this stuff.
I don't stay up late enough.
But okay, so he passed away.
But see, I've had a lot more weighing on my mind this week because somebody I actually know who I don't... And one of the first questions I got asked about this was, has she been on the show before?
I don't believe she has, even in the many years of this show.
I think a lot of people...
are on the show know of her her name was Beth and she passed away on Tuesday which sadly was also the anniversary of the show and she passed away from swine flu or H1N1 virus she'd been in the hospital for 11 days and unfortunately succumbed to complications of swine flu basically her
I don't want to get into gory detail, but her kidneys failed, her lungs failed.
She was brain dead, and that was the end of it.
So they had to do what they did there.
And it was just kind of the whole thing's kind of weird.
I don't really know how else to explain it.
Surreal?
It's very surreal.
I haven't really...
You know, I'm not going to proclaim that I was Beth's BFF in the world, but I really respected this woman, and I saw what a motherly figure she was to all her gays, and just people in general.
Not just the gays, but people in general, and just what an accepting, fun person she was.
She was always the type that lit up a room.
One thing I will never forget about Beth is she was the first person to tell me
www.DarkSakura.com
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't I'm treating this like a four-year-old deals with death I'm like literally thinking in my mind we're gonna go have a party we're gonna go hang with Beth they're throwing a fat party at Beth's house it's gonna rock but like the there's a part of me that still doesn't get that she's like not here you know and I because I think it's something that nobody understands like H1N1 that I'm not able to wrap my head around it this week so I apologize if I'm not
I don't think anyone blames you.
but I understand I'm coming to terms with why the media shoves this down our throat for the same reason why Beth was splashed over every local news station here in Sacramento is that
I don't want to get too deep here on a video game talk show.
I'm sorry, but this has been a lot that's been on my mind this week.
Seven years, we do what we want, right?
Death is something that we don't understand.
We have a lot of reasons and things that we try to come up with to explain it.
That's religion, right?
But at the end of the day, we don't really understand death.
So when it happens...
We do what we can to try and, I guess, understand it.
I don't know.
Is there something you wanted to point out?
I actually wrote a blog post about it after because the day that you posted about Beth, one of my good friends at work, we found out he died.
That's right.
and I found out that he had been a little sick but was just going to go see the doctor because he was experiencing heartburn but of course heartburn also was one of the first signs of a heart attack and he didn't come in on Monday and I actually was looking for him on Monday we had been talking about Linux and I was going to show him my laptop and
We didn't see him.
We didn't hear from him.
He's always super good about calling in.
He's like the man there.
He knows so much about everything, you know.
And just completely fun to be around.
And then Tuesday, one of the people in his department called his sister.
And so she sent her husband to go check on... His name's Pete.
Went to go check on over at Pete's apartment and found him dead.
So...
and I freaked out and then of course that same afternoon is when I went in to have my consultation so but it's like I came home it was I think I actually wrote up my my post on my blog and I'll link it in the chat if anyone wants to see it just about getting it all out because it's like you were saying and my own belief is that and this is again this me I'm sorry for getting philosophical is it just happens I don't think anyone's singled out I don't think that there's any sort of cosmic vendetta that I don't I don't really believe in karma
I want to make this very clear because a lot of people even locally and reading comments on news stations and stuff misunderstand this.
I want to make some things clear.
Beth did not go to Mexico.
Beth went to Las Vegas, but Beth did not go to Mexico.
Beth...
None of Beth's friends have this disease.
Those that live with her, those that know her, have been tested for it.
This is an isolated incident.
She was healthy.
Yes, she was a little overweight, but you know what?
So were most of Americans.
Welcome to the USA.
She was a healthy, fun-loving, happy individual.
This has not been explained.
This may not be explained.
That's the...
Weird thing about it.
It happened.
Honestly, that's really in my belief system is that disasters, whether they be something like this, whether they be a hurricane, whether they be a flood, it's not... I don't think that it's any... God's punishing people.
I don't believe that God punishes people.
I think God's got way too many other things to do to deal with our petty little problems.
Honestly.
And so, I don't believe that there's a great cosmic hand in the disasters or the good things that happen in life.
I think they just happen because they're set in motion to happen.
They're not predestined, just, it's, this is how it happens.
You know, she may not have had a good immune system as far as that goes because, you know, some people, like...
I've known people who have been almost hospitalized from just plain old illnesses.
I had pneumonia for three months and almost went in the hospital.
I just really think it just happens, and the best way to deal with it is just accept that it happens.
Remember the good parts.
That was a huge thing in television at the time.
Because that actor who had played Mr. Hooper died and they had to explain that to the children.
Because I don't know how they do Sesame Street now, but back then they kind of taped it, like, not live, but, you know, it was kind of, you know, it was only a couple weeks behind.
A little off the cuff, too.
You know what I mean?
Like, it was kind of unfolding.
So they had to explain it.
And the way they explained it...
and Big Bird was so upset about it.
Go watch this on YouTube.
You want to see one of the greatest television... I'm not... I am not fucking with you.
This is one of the greatest television moments ever.
Go look up... I watch this live.
Go watch Big Bird and Mr. Hooper's death.
I don't know.
YouTube Mr. Hooper death.
You'll find it somewhere.
And watch how they explain it because the way they explain it to Big Bird is that he's...
he's wailing, he's bawling he's crying, he's talking about I miss him, I don't understand why he's not coming back and finally the only answer that he'll accept this is just something that happens yeah
so anyway I don't mean to get too off the subject but with the whole you know tributes to Michael Jackson and all this stuff especially you know and all this stuff in the media and so forth you know I don't really want to join in but at the same time I understand I mean don't get me wrong the man made great contributions to popular culture say what you will about his personal life whatever his personal life ain't none of my business you know well unless he broke well whatever I'm not going to get into that he is who he is yeah let's leave it at that but
I think the reason why everybody's talking about it and the reason why it's in the media and all this other stuff is that this topic kind of brings people closer together.
It kind of helps people try and understand
What cannot be explained.
I mean, who hasn't heard a Michael Jackson song?
Everybody has heard a fucking Michael Jackson song at some point in their life.
Unless they're deaf.
You know what I mean.
Even then, you've probably seen him dance.
You have somehow been influenced by this guy one way or the other.
So when somebody like that passes away...
There's definitely, everybody's going to feel that type of connection.
Like, oh, I remember that song.
Or, oh, I remember watching it on TV.
And like, I'm not going to get to see that again.
Although, that's not really the case.
Because the nice thing about being an artist is the contributions you make live on forever.
It feels like something that, and I'm not going to say, because honestly, once I got older, I didn't really care for his stuff too much anymore.
But I had a Michael Jackson doll when I was little.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Oh, you know, it's that sort of, huh, feeling.
But like, okay, but with the infomercial guy that died today, like, I'm not understanding that one.
I mean, do people really truly miss him?
There aren't his friends and family, which I'm very sorry to hear about their loss.
It sounds like it was a sudden thing.
But for the, like, it's a trending topic on Twitter, okay?
Like, really?
I think that... Was he really that influential?
Like, maybe I'm missing something.
And I'm sorry, I don't mean to offend, but...
Keep in mind, he spawned a lot of funny.
He was one of those things, oh, ha, ha, ha, you know, that you sort of just mention about.
So it's like a 4chan funeral or something?
I would expect so.
I think it's just more like, oh, that guy?
You know, because you don't have him to kick around anymore.
Yeah.
You know?
I know.
I was actually, though, for all the celebrity deaths, I was the saddest about Farrah Fawcett.
Not because of her fantastic hair.
And I think it's horrible, though, to die of anal cancer.
That's just a horrible thing.
If I try to watch her NBC special, I get incredibly, I can't watch it.
Like, I get so choked up, I feel like I'm gonna barf.
But you know what I think the worst thing was?
Is that she was gonna marry, what's his name?
I know.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
We are like taking this video game talk show and really just getting way too deep tonight on our 7th anniversary which is supposed to be so important.
It's our fucking show!
Guess what?
There's no Santa Claus either.
And the Easter Bunny was made up by Pagans.
Bobby Blackwolf, our old buddy here, one thing to realize is that he was also on a reality show on Discovery about Pitchman, and a lot of people watched that because it showed more about the way he was outside of screaming, here's how to order.
So that's why I think more people got hit by Billy Mays than you would expect.
I watch Pitchman, and yeah, all he does is scream on the show.
No, really he doesn't.
It kind of makes me sad.
It's weird, out of, no offense to Beth or anything, but out of all the celebrity deaths,
Actually, the Billy Mays one was the most surprising.
I mean, it's like, holy crap.
I'm like, what the hell?
There's somebody that's in perfectly good health, but apparently the circumstances revolved around it.
Apparently he was on a plane that landed really, I don't know, had a bad landing, I guess, and it caused part of the ceiling or whatever to hit him in the head and maybe did some brain damage that way and he died in his sleep.
What?
Yeah.
It was an American Airlines flight.
So that's what's going on there.
He died a few days later, I guess.
That so doesn't sound real.
We would be hearing so much more about an impending lawsuit and all this stuff.
I think there will be an impending lawsuit.
It sounds like it, but the Pitch Minute show is kind of fun.
I like watching that.
Again, I don't mean any disrespect.
It's just been such a weird week.
We've been celebrating death...
I shouldn't say celebrating, but you know what I mean.
Memorializing, trying to understand.
I use that word.
It's like, who will be tomorrow?
I mean, which celebrity's going to die tomorrow?
And life in the same week.
My birthday was this week.
31 years of life that I should be lucky to have because Beth only got 24.
And, you know, I...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Walk in the men's room, use the restroom, then walk right out without washing your hands.
That shit needs to stop.
We need to have a little more sanitary.
We might not be able to stop disease completely, but we can sure slow it down.
And if anything, this just goes to further emphasize the point that Vegas is dirty.
Very dirty.
Very dirty.
Yeah, well, you know, I don't know.
We're not going to know.
But here's the thing is that wash your hands, you know, after the bathroom in general, after eating and all that stuff.
Keep hand sanitizer with you.
You don't have to be crazy germ obsessive.
I don't think we need to start a frenzy, and I think that's sometimes what the media does.
But just be careful.
That's it.
Be careful and don't be lazy.
So there you go.
All right.
Anyhow, that's, I guess, that for the deep topics.
Let's get back into video games for a minute, can we?
I know, Loki, you've been awfully quiet this whole time.
Surely you've got some game stories to take us away.
I just want to say, though, again, we don't have a script tonight, so we're just going to kind of wing it tonight with the game stories.
We'll talk about things.
We'll open up the Skype line a little bit if you guys want to call in as well.
And also, housekeeping, if you want to add us on Facebook, that would be wonderful.
Orange Launch Radio.
also on Twitter we are OLR on Twitter and we like to read your tweets and you have read ours and all that fun stuff and also available on LiveJournal at Orange Lounge as well so check us out add us on the social networking sites it's a lot of fun and if you're not already in chat room and you're listening to us live on this Sunday night on All Games Radio please join us chat.org chat.org oops I almost gave the wrong chat room chat.orangeloungeradio.com there you go
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They're testing it right now.
They're installing some kiosks into a few of their stores that are going to do used game trade-ins and also used movie trade-ins.
So you can actually trade in your games at these kiosks and then you basically get credit for whatever's in there and they give you the credit on a Best Buy card.
And you get to go spend that credit in the store.
Which I think is kind of a neat idea.
And hey, I'm all about getting...
You know, alternatives to, like, GameStop.
And you know the thing that's kind of pissed me off about GameStop lately is when you do trades, before they used to go, okay, you know, they'll scan a game, okay, that was $18, okay, here's, this is $24, and stuff like that.
Now it's just like, they have all your trades, they've already put them behind the counter, okay, you get this much store credit.
It's like, well, you know, what if that was not satisfactory to me?
What if, you know, they don't say, oh yeah, by the way, that one game was only worth 50 cents, you know, that...
I don't like how they do that.
It's kind of shady.
Every place else tells you what you're getting for each game that you trade in.
Is that just maybe the particular GameStop you're going to?
No, they've all been doing it now, so I don't know.
Maybe it's just they don't care or whatever, but they used to do that.
Now, what's kind of cool about this is when you scan it, basically it works like this.
You go to the kiosk, you scan the barcodes of the games that you have.
on the machine, and it will tell you how much it's going to give you for those games.
And you say, okay, whether to accept or deny that offer.
So if you accept it, then what you'll do is you'll pop the disc out, you'll drop the case into almost like a drop box that they have there, like a mailbox, and then the discs themselves get inserted into the machine, and it will scan them to make sure that they're readable or don't have scratches on them, or to verify that
I guess if it's an authentic game or whatever.
I don't know.
The whole process, to me, doesn't seem like it would work because the read...
An Xbox 360 disc versus reading a Wii disc is completely different.
And, I mean, have you ever tried reading a Wii disc on your PC?
It doesn't work.
It's because they read them differently.
They have a different file format.
So, if it's actually physically scanning the surface of the disc, make sure there's no scratches, I guess.
Maybe that's how it's working.
There is another one, I think, that they scanned, like, a little barcode that's in the middle of the disc.
I'm not sure if that's how it's working.
But, either way, you know, to kind of get around the whole...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
and you type in whatever billing information.
If I wanted to make myself look like Bob Barker or something like that, I could do that.
There's really no way for the system to know.
Here's what I don't understand.
Why this whole elaborate kiosk thing?
If this is the business Best Buy wants to get into, it's not like the stores are always that freaking crowded and full of people.
Why can't the service associates just scan the games and check them out the old-fashioned way?
I don't know.
Well, maybe it's because they're trying to get into more of a GameStop type of business model, but at the same time, they don't want to really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the same thing for these I have a feeling these are just branded E-Play machines because E-Play is also working with I want to say Walmart as well they're going to be doing the same type of thing game trading and I bet you anything they can brand their machines to look like any sort of stuff Walmart's machines are just going to say Walmart it's not going to say E-Play but I bet you these are the same machines because it sounds like the exact same thing that they're doing with Walmart
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But you know, you don't get that much for them.
I think the game I got more for than any other was Mario Party, but that's because they'd stopped making it and it was still in demand.
There's a few games that will become in high demand and stuff like that.
What I normally do, because I get some promo copies every now and then, but it's for stuff that I don't plan on playing or...
You know, I may have already picked up or whatnot.
I try to trade it in as soon as I get it because that's usually what's worth the most.
And yeah, I know I can make a lot more money selling it on eBay, but to be honest, I just don't want to go through the hassle.
And for me, it doesn't really make a difference because I'm not really losing out any money when you think about it because I'm paying nothing to get the game and any money I make from it is more money than I would have had anyways.
So...
I don't know, and a lot of times, you know, store credit and stuff sits on my card forever, you know, for a very long time before I actually use it for stuff, because honestly, you know, with the situation that I have, my Wii's modded, my Xbox 360's modded, the PS3's the only thing that's not really modded, my PSP's modded, my DS is modded, I don't really have to buy games if I don't want to, I mean, that's the thing.
I don't have to buy games because I can get them through other means if I really want to play them.
But honestly, I have less time to play games now and I'm really not going to have time soon enough.
It's those baby games.
Yes, exactly.
Maybe that's not a great way to look at it because I'm sure a lot of developers work hard on putting out the games.
But you know what?
It's one game.
I just don't care anymore.
And I know that's probably a bad stance on that, but...
I don't care.
I do find it interesting everybody is trying to get into this business.
It's going to be interesting to see if GameStop has to do something too and other game stores have to do something to reinvigorate their business without this competition.
I could see them maybe putting an actual kiosk out in front of their store or something like that.
Hey, look, now you can trade games while we're closed.
Or the other thing these machines are actually going to do is allow you to rent games as well.
Which, you know, they're testing that.
And I think that's a great idea.
You know, because, A, renting games, you know, especially when you can stick these kiosks, you know, like, say, in an apartment complex or something like that.
That's kind of cool.
And you can also trade movies into this, which is also pretty cool because, you know what?
GameStop doesn't take movies back anymore.
They've stopped selling movies because it didn't work for them.
So that's something else.
And what's also great about this, too, say if you have games and stuff you want to trade in, now you don't have to necessarily buy a game with it.
You can buy, you know...
Blank CD artists or an iPod or a TV.
That's one thing I do like about it is that I could see myself using this money more effectively at Best Buy just because there's more to pick from than there is at GameStop.
Or, and the other thing too, you need a gift card for Best Buy and then you go up front where they have their gift card kiosks with all these different gift cards for, say, Red Lobster or something like that.
You trade in some DVDs or whatever and now you have dinner.
So it, I don't know, there is benefits to it.
And same thing with Walmart.
Walmart's going to be doing the same type of thing where you get in-store credit.
And hey, you know, some of these super Walmarts, there's your groceries.
So I don't see it as a bad thing.
And you know what, if anything, I do like the fact that, you know, you do have that choice where you can buy stuff other than games.
Because you know what, sometimes I just don't want to buy games.
Right.
I turned off my torrents.
So I don't know, so just...
I don't know, it could just be a fluke.
But there's nothing we can do here in studio, so we'll just keep doing our thing, do the show best we can.
But as far as we know, it is not on our end.
All right, so let's, I guess, move on with some more news, if we can.
DarkSakura, I know you had some things you wanted to talk about tonight, so let's make sure we get that taken care of.
Yes, I did.
Well, this is just a bit of interest.
I know that there's people who are fans of the Serious Sam series,
so there's actually a PC version of Serious Sam HD that came out for Xbox Live Arcade it will be released digitally and also in shops and the console version however is not going to be out this summer so it's going to be there when it's there so that's pretty good
Serious Sam is serious.
No, I don't know, it looks kind of cool, kind of like an old school Duke Nukem type of game, and, you know, that they're actually doing something to it other than just, let's put it back out, you know, or, hey, well, Duke Nukem, I guess, Duke Nukem 3D did, like, that rewind thing, which was neat, and then I stopped playing the game, you know, that's the problem, but, uh, I don't know.
They need a new Duke Nukem game for Xbox Live.
That'd be cool.
Rumor is there might be another one in development.
Was Duke Zero or something?
Did you read that this week?
Yes, I did.
My first thought was, stop ripping off subtitles for Batman.
Seriously, it was Duke Nukem Forever and then Duke Begins.
I'm like, stop.
And then Duke and Robin.
Who knew?
Exactly.
Speaking of Xbox Live, can I say this real quick?
I'm sorry, DarkSakura, but you would appreciate this.
Have you ever played Garou, Mark of the Wolves, the game that came out on Xbox Live this week?
I know you may not have played it on Xbox Live.
Have you played it in the past?
Yeah, I think I have the PS2 version.
No, I have the Dreamcast one.
But you realize that some of the characters in this game have some really funny names, right?
Like who?
Well, okay, there's some characters, like Kim Capuan apparently had kids, and one of them is named Dong.
That's one of the characters that you can play in the game.
But then there's another character in the game, and the name of the character is... I'm looking for it here.
Kushunud Butt is the name, and that's B-U-T-T.
So you can literally play in this game Butt vs. Dong.
Or Dong vs. Butt, if you will.
And I know this is so junior high for me to say, but what kind of surprised me about this whole thing, the Butt vs. Dong, is that we still have...
This whole controversy going on about what can and can't be in your profiles.
I almost want to put in my profile Butt vs. Dong just to see if I get, you know, a temp ban or something and say, what, I was just referencing an epic Mark of the Wolves fight I had online.
Lord.
Just saying.
If you don't believe me, Go look.
I am not making this crap up.
I know.
I have the game on Dreamcast.
I saw it in Rob D's live journal.
He had a screenshot of it.
I'll give credit where credit is due.
And I just started laughing.
And I didn't believe it.
I thought it was a Photoshop thing.
Like he was trying to make a joke I didn't get.
So I looked it up on Wikipedia, like the characters.
Because as much as I love Fatal Fury, I kind of fell out of it before this game ever came out.
And I went and looked it up on Wikipedia.
And sure enough, there's a character named Butt and a character named Dong.
You need to come over.
Well, you know what?
After your dinner, let's hook up the Dreamcast and get our guru on.
My boyfriend will be so bored if he's here.
Really?
He's not much of a gamer.
We'll see.
Why don't we watch a movie?
Yeah, a movie he can do.
Why don't we watch movies?
Yeah, we'll do that.
We'll make him watch that.
On your sexy Blu-ray.
God, my TV is sexy.
Yeah.
It'll be fun.
Sorry, more gaming news.
Well, I actually do have one other little thing.
Sure.
You know how we all like to make fun of video game movies?
You know, I just was talking about Silent Hill.
I love that movie.
They're doing an Uncharted movie.
It's actually being scripted by Kyle Ward, who already did Kane and Lynch.
Bruce Willis is starring in that prequel.
I like Bruce Willis, because he's aged better than Harrison Ford.
Except for Hudson Hawk.
That, no.
Moving forward.
But it's also being produced by some former Marvel people, Avi and Ari Arad, who are also producing The Lost Planet.
They were actually going to adapt Lost Planet to a film.
So, hey, that might be neat.
If they do it right.
The whole thing with this video game to movie adaptation is just it has to be done right.
You know.
We can't have, you know.
We can't have another repeat of Super Mario Bros.
Oh lord.
That's a movie I've never watched.
I just kind of refuse to watch a Mario Brothers movie.
I've seen a few minutes of it.
I've seen like a few minutes of the end.
I've heard of those funny scenes.
I thought that movie was alright.
I remember seeing it in theaters.
And you know what?
So what?
So what if the Super Mario Bros.
movie was crap?
What the hell are you going to do plot-wise with Super Mario Bros.
the movie?
I mean, seriously.
There's nothing that they could have possibly done that would have made any sense.
Hell, the cartoon didn't make any sense at all.
And, you know, props for them trying to come up with an original idea, to be honest, though.
It was...
What is up with your icons?
You know what?
The default icons on our site come from some... Oh, that's a default?
Oh, that's a WordPress one.
It's a user-generated site.
I'm never getting rid of my Deadpool.
Anyhow, was that it for your stories today?
Yeah.
Well, not for my stories, but that's all I'm going to talk about for now.
For now.
Well, then we'll come back to you later on in Part B.
Why don't we?
Alright, because we're going to take a break soon, but I want to get a few more stories out.
I know Loki's got a bunch he wants to get through.
I'll let him get one more, but let me just give you a couple quick ones here.
Of course, we were talking a lot about the celebrity deaths all are crazy around Hollywood.
If I were in Hollywood right now and on prescription medications, I would be so worried.
for what it's worth.
But hey, Michael Jackson, if you want to have something to remember Michael Jackson by, of course, we were talking about how art lives on forever.
His Thriller video is actually free right now.
Or did it just end?
It ended.
I didn't get on and get the video.
It is an epic music video.
Like I wasn't sitting in my living room when I was in second grade watching it when it aired.
When did it end?
Wasn't it just today?
It was today, I guess.
Today's not over?
Well, it's 200 Microsoft points now.
Well, it was free.
Sorry if you didn't get your hands on it.
You know, I actually do remember when that aired.
I did too.
MTV used to air the whole darn thing.
Well, there was a special thing they were doing.
It was supposed to air at midnight.
I was in second grade, and my mom let me stay up to watch it when it aired at midnight.
Thank you, Frisbee.
Final Fantasy and Mega Man
Re-release or whatever, which was the original but with some minor tweaks.
It was the one that, it's sort of like what they put out on the PSP.
But not what they put out on the PSP, I want to clarify that.
Because the one they put out on the PSP was like really, it was almost high def and stuff.
Yes.
That was really fancy.
Yes, the one that they put, they added like some dungeons and stuff like that in the PS1 version or whatever.
But, um...
I don't know.
The one they had here on PlayStation 2 and GameCube because that's when they added in 7 and 8.
So, yeah, they have 1 through 6 available on a PlayStation 1 disc, but it's now on PlayStation Network over in Japan.
So hopefully, keep your fingers and toes crossed, maybe these games will come out over here.
At least that's what people are hoping.
My thought, don't bet on it.
I don't think either of these games are going to come out in the West.
Do you want to know why?
I don't think they're going to go back and bother to retranslate them.
Why would they?
They didn't before.
Final Fantasy 1 and 2 Final Fantasy 1 and 2
So maybe those will show up on PlayStation Network, I mean that's certainly a possibility I think it would be actually kind of rad to see the 5 and 6 compilations show up Final Fantasy 6, not a Final Fantasy game that's been visited in a little while And it's one of the greatest, if not the greatest, Final Fantasy game, period
4 is getting a lot of attention again thanks to the after years 6?
Oh my god, if they did an after years for 6 I'd be all over that Don't even tempt me I'm still all over 5 by the way I still think 5 is the best of them
GameGuru says Mega Man Anniversary Edition actually used the Rockman Complete Works versions of the NES games, so they've been translated.
Interesting perspective from GameGuru.
You know what?
If they did, it would be a pleasant surprise.
But at the same time, I do own the compilation on GameCube already.
I don't really need it.
Well, hey, you know what?
Maybe they'll move to, since they're going to be doing the digital download stuff now, maybe they're going to try to move more towards...
If they do a PlayStation 2 emulation or something like that, the full PlayStation 2 game downloads, just like they have with the PS3, at least with Burnout.
Maybe we'll see that when that happens.
Final Fantasy 1 is only $6.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Mega Man in Final Fantasy!
Hey, that'd be kind of cool.
GameGuru also asked for Final Fantasy.
Is it the PlayStation 1 version?
Because Final Fantasy Origins came over here.
No, I know that, but I'm talking Final Fantasy 1.
It wasn't Origins, the 5-6 combo?
4-5s.
No, 4 and Trigger was another thing they called Final Fantasy Chronicles, I want to say.
Forgive me if my memory is fading.
It's been many years since that came out.
But there was...
Well, there was a time that I would have hopped all over this, but I actually bought a WonderSwan color so I could play Final Fantasy.
Still no word on Mystic Quest.
Who cares?
Loki, you got anything else for us?
Maybe one more story before we go to a break tonight?
Yeah, sure, why not?
Well, apparently...
No More Heroes 2
and I guess you can play her whenever you want.
They're expecting that there's going to be 50 boss battles and you'll also be able to play the bosses with either character and just to mix things up and there'll be different cutscenes and stuff like that for that.
And then finally it says the primary reason that Travis is taking on the United Assassins Association again is to avenge the death of his best friend from the first game, Bishop.
Unfortunately, I didn't play through the first game enough to probably get to any of those plot points.
I want to check out the sequel, though, and probably go back to the first one at some point.
Once again, that would probably require me to somehow slow down time, which I don't think I can.
Need more hours in the day.
I see you have a whole lot of stories there.
We're going to have so much stuff for Part B. Let's do one more.
Australia has decided to block online access to games with content beyond the rating MA15.
And apparently this will apply to, I guess, console games.
It says also famous MMORPGs such as Second Life and World of Warcraft very well may be affected by this new censorship policy.
Wait a minute, I thought I heard something about this a while ago where they were talking about that World of Warcraft would not be playable in Australia or something.
Is this like a further development or something?
Maybe I'm crazy.
I thought I heard something like this before.
Sorry, I don't mean to be pooping on your story, but this sounds like we've heard something like this before.
I remember that.
They will be very well maybe affected, it says, by this new censorship policy, if it pushes through.
It says that online games exemption on content ratings is the only reason why multiplayer games with user-generated environments are possibly in this country.
Without it...
Take one game user anywhere in the world to produce objectionable content in the game environment to make the Australian government ban the game for everyone.
They're just saying that someone's going to ruin it.
But yeah, and apparently, I guess, Second Life will probably be part of that since, well, Second Life's pretty objectionable as it is.
Interesting.
I guess, why did they want to ban it?
Just because they can't control it?
They can't release it?
Well, they found out, I guess, Second Life is about to be blocked, and it says that it will be barred under the Ministry's Sinister Filtering Plan, and this is kind of going back to the whole MA-15 thing, because I guess there's adult content in Second Life.
You can choose to do sexy things, as Destructoid puts it.
Whatever, there's adult things everywhere.
That was pretty adult to me, I mean, I don't know.
Alright.
Well, hey, before we go to break tonight, we have a couple things we want to get through.
We've got to get to the Classic Game of the Week, but I also want to get some voicemails out of the way, because it's been forever since we've played some voicemails here on the show, and I know we had a few on the line tonight that we wanted to play, and I've got to bring up the voicemails here.
First off, well, just listen.
just listen to these voicemails that were left on the line these are actual phone calls to our Skype line when we're not here you can call at any time 877-GAME-OLR and leave us a message
Yes, hello.
Is this Mr. Roberts?
Yes, hi.
This is the Pure Dildo Factory in Washington, New York.
We're calling in regards to your order for two dozen Big Black Fluffy Dildos.
We're having difficulty delivering your personal batch of two dozen Big Black Fluffy Dildos.
God damn it, Travis.
What?
I don't know.
Happy birthday, Rob!
Happy birthday, Rob, from all of us here at USO.
I do not condone Travis and his dildo selling.
Why?
We don't... That's a matter of YouTube, but happy birthday.
No, no, no.
Rob, we know you're missing your monthly shipment of big black dildos.
We know you like big floppy black dildos because we know you like putting big floppy black dildos in your butt.
So, absolutely, we know you just love having to do that.
So, anyways, happy birthday and, you know, you might want to check FedEx for your delivery of big black floppy dildos.
Well, thank you to our friends at Understation Live Sunday nights here on All Games Radio for leaving us that lovely little message that I'm sorry, but I find that highly offensive, you guys.
That was a really... I'm just, like, really offended that you would go and, like, joke about that kind of stuff on your show because, like, really?
Big, floppy black dildos?
Really?
Come on.
How old are we?
Like, 12?
Besides, everybody should know it's big, hard black dildos, not big, floppy black dildos.
Please.
Please.
Don't waste my time.
Hey, let's go to the next voicemail.
Hey, it's Misty.
Yeah, I know I'm kind of late as always.
Always with these damn things.
But yeah, congrats on seven years, guys.
Also, assuming I am off next Sunday, I damn well better be, though.
I will have an announcement to make.
So y'all better be fucking prepared.
I'll go ahead and let you go.
I gotta get ready for fucking work soon.
Bye.
Well, sorry to hear about your fucking work, but yeah, that's a little teaser if I've ever heard any.
Alright, we got one more voicemail and just to be warned, I think this is another one that came in on Saturday night.
That's all I need to say.
Hi, Billy Major with an exciting new product, Zombie Be Gone.
Are you tired of zombies harassing you and your family at all hours of the evening?
Try Zombie Be Gone.
With its patented 357 Magnum technology, one shot to the head takes care of all your zombie problems.
for only $19.99.
Act now and we'll give you a free batch of OxyClean.
Get out those tough zombie bloodstains with OxyClean.
Zombie vegan, the only way to take care of zombies like me and keep Michael Jackson's skin white with OxyClean.
Act now.
Goodbye.
Yeah.
I guess this is how some of us cope with bad news.
Alright, if you want to leave us a voicemail, 1-877-GAME-OLR
Oh Travis, still up to your old shenanigans after all these years.
Anyway, let's get to the classic game of the week, shall we?
DarkSakura always likes to take a trip through the archives and pick a game that you kids should be checking out and playing every week.
Well, you can play the game every week if you want, but she also gives you a new game each week that you can play.
So here it is, DarkSakura's classic game of the week.
So, DarkSakura, what game should the kids be playing this week?
They should be playing Dragon Force on the Sega Saturn.
Dragon Force is a combination real-time and turn-based strategy game.
It was actually released in America as a Working Designs translation.
We never did get the sequel over here.
However, I've seen the sequel and it's pretty freaking good.
But basically, you play as one of this continent's eight rulers.
And each ruler, of course, has a different goal.
One wants to rule the whole thing.
Someone wants to unite everyone.
People want to destroy it.
And so you move along these paths from towns to castles.
And you want to capture the castles and then...
you face off in battle so you have your strategy tactics where you're moving around from town to town across your map but then when you get to towns and castles you have your battle and you play as the general commanding their troops and so once you get to that part you're commanding these epic battles and it's you know you have a
Also, an in-game week where you do administrative stuff, where you tend to your troops.
You can increase the number of your troops, you can pay them more, you can capture enemy generals, get them to join your army, fortify castles, that type of stuff.
But the big thing is really the epic battles.
And, um...
This is probably one of the greatest video games of all time.
In fact, it won EGM's Game of the Month award in 1986.
If you skip up just a little bit on that video, you can get to the battle.
There you go.
You get to see your big armies.
And I've actually, there's battles with larger armies than that.
Thanks for watching!
It's like you really, to make this work for radio, that you kind of watch them like throwing, there's these big armies and they're kind of throwing fireballs and things like across this field.
And you watch the TV kind of scroll through this field until it gets to the other army.
Kind of interesting.
It's like a side-scrolling RTS game.
Yeah, it's kind of, I guess is the way to describe it.
The battles are turn-based like that.
So you basically, as you can see in that part, now they're actually doing melee.
You know, your goal is to capture or kill the other general.
And so, each general can attack each other, they've got their special abilities, but you can also send your troops to overrun the other, too.
You know, it's whether or not you want to leave yourself defended or whether or not you want to take over, you know, the other general.
So, it's pretty neat.
It's like you're commanding your own army.
Actually, I think they based Advance War sort of off this.
I think a little bit, but this definitely, you know, well, A, this is more of that medieval kind of thing.
It's epic.
Pretty epic, yeah.
This game is an epic game.
Just like Dragon Force the band.
Which, who knows, maybe that's where they got their name.
You never know.
Dragon Force is two words.
Just look for Dragon Force Sega Saturn.
You'll find it.
Just to let you know, the Saturn version is very, very hard to find.
Very hard to get.
It's a working designs title.
Good luck.
They did do a release for it as part of the Sega Ages PS2 collection, but that version is in Japanese.
I like that the troops rally, they yell and run into battle.
That's pretty hardcore.
You've got your troops falling in battle and doing their best to defend their generals, so it's pretty cool.
So a RTS RPG action-y kind of game that's so hard to describe otherwise.
It's very hard to find here in America, but good luck.
Maybe you'll find something out there that's playable.
Well, in Japan it was published by Sega, but it's a working designs release over here.
Dragon Force is the classic game of the week and I believe that's all there is to say on that so that's going to do it for part A tonight of Orange Lounge Radio but fear not we have plenty more to get to tonight including the mailbag, the FUs of the week your calls and more gaming news and we're going to get to that all after a quick break here in studio at Orange Lounge Radio so stay tuned guys we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this June the 28th of 2009 where we're celebrating our 7th anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio with nothing of particular special notice.
We're just doing the same old crap we always do, although we got really in-depth tonight in part A, kind of having a long side discussion.
But, you know, we're just having a really chill night.
No pre-planned list of topics to cover tonight.
We're just doing whatever we want to talk about tonight in the latest and greatest in gaming news.
We'll get back into some more news.
I'm hoping Loki has a few more stories for us.
Maybe one more story, then I'm sure Jamie's got a couple too.
Sorry, I'm reminiscing about the steak that I had at Daily Grill back during E3, because that was the best steak ever.
Where's Daily Grill?
I've not heard of that.
Well, this was in LA, but they actually have one in San Francisco and one in Brentwood.
Have you ever been to Ruth Chris?
Uh, no.
I'm telling you, that is an incredible steak.
It's expensive.
If you and the wife go there, you're going to spend $80.
But it is good steak.
That's my favorite steak right there.
Thanks for watching!
Yes, uh, anywho, um, we've got some news.
Let's see which we'll pick here.
Um, how about, let's talk about how crappy home is.
Fewer than one in three PS3 systems are connected to the PlayStation Home.
According to Peter Edward, the director of PlayStation Home for Sony Computer Entertainment Europe, PlayStation Home has gained 7 million users worldwide, with 3 million in Europe alone.
But, of course, with 21 million PS3 sold worldwide, that's less than one-third.
He considers it...
Well, he considers Home, of course, the starting point for PlayStation 3 Online.
Of course, I would say he's a little bit biased since he is the director of PlayStation Home.
He kind of has to say that.
But, I don't know.
It's just... If a lot of people are like me, they just... It's neat.
It's a neat idea.
But, I don't know.
I just don't want to go...
Okay, but here's my thing.
I realize that's how the blogs are kind of skewing this, is that, oh, nobody's on PlayStation Home, but since when was 7 million a bad number of people to have using your thing?
I mean, isn't that actually kind of good?
I mean, at risk of sounding like a Sony fanboy, is 1 in 3, in this case, really that bad?
Because, yes, I understand Home is free.
I guess... But think about how many people are buying their PlayStation 3s, let's be honest.
And here's my little, you know, let's look at both sides of the coin, is that I actually think these numbers are pretty good for home.
But the bad side is, I think there's a lot of people that are buying their PlayStation 3s just for Blu-ray players.
I think their expectations were, though, that 100% of the people would be, you know...
are 100% of people on Xbox Live.
Granted, you have to pay for Xbox Live, but I would bet there's not even 100% of people that have an Xbox profile.
I bet there's a lot of people that buy their Xbox 360 and just put the game in and play.
You don't always have to sign into profiles and stuff to play games.
I bet you there's a lot of folks that don't bother with all this other stuff.
They just use their console to play games and that's it.
Yeah, I suppose.
But, you know, it's not the splash they were hoping to make.
I just don't think 7 million is that bad of a number, I gotta say.
I'm surprised, yeah, SSJ100Matt in our chatroom, chat.orange.radar.com says, there are 7 million PS3 owners?
Actually, there's 21 million PS3 owners.
I'm one of them, I think we all are.
That's what I actually just said, all three of us had one.
It took me a little while to get on board.
My question, though, is this accounts or is this actually users, individual consoles?
Because, I don't know about you, but I have four accounts on my...
DJ Morpheus in chat says, and you many of those owners now PS3 paperweight owners or owners of an expensive Blu-ray?
DarkSakura.com
Actually, I do.
My feet with socks.
No, I'm kidding.
Speaking of PlayStation Network, actually, they want to expand the cameras through a broader online service.
So they want to use TV, the cameras, your phones, and they're thinking of launching that around spring 2010, or at least that's their general idea.
There was an article in Fortune about what they want to do.
It's basically saying that they want it to be the ultimate multimedia experience.
If you have the multiple Sony products, they're all linked together.
Kaz Hirai
was actually quoted saying that the service will overlay the backbone of the PlayStation Network but be broader and more open so you'd be able to download movies to TV, share photos between devices, friends.
So basically they want to make Xbox Live.
But I don't understand.
What's this whole camera supposed to be?
I don't get it.
They're saying that it's just part of the whole thing.
They want to...
Incorporate all of their electronic products into this big network.
I see.
Okay.
It's spreading around the company brand.
Why not?
Where do you think most of those movies come from?
Sony Pictures, right?
It's saying that basically they're going to start small and work from there.
To just basically look at all the different services that function with each device and then roll out their plan.
I don't think I would ever buy a camera on PlayStation Network, but if even only a small handful of people do, it's not that much resources to probably put this up for sale on there, so why not?
You know what I'd actually like to see do if they're really working on networking people?
Huh?
is actually have a true teleconference, video conference ability.
Can't you kind of do that with Xbox 360?
But that's just one-to-one, right?
You can't really do more than one camera chat?
Yeah, it'd be neat, though, if you could do, like, your multiple chat room.
Hmm.
Interesting.
But, anyway, that's just my idea.
Don't steal my idea, Sony, or I'll stab you in the face.
Shove crayons down your throat.
Well, wait a minute.
Didn't they have the old, on PlayStation 2, wasn't there, iToyChat?
There was.
I didn't bother with that.
Well, it came out so late that everyone had moved on, I think, to the next generation of gaming, and people weren't really talking about iToyChat anymore.
I remember this was a subject of a lot of mocking early on because we could see the potential for abuse in this thing, and they had talked about moderation and all that.
I'm wondering, whatever happened, did this game actually come out?
I'm wondering if it didn't just get pulled before it ever came out.
Now I gotta check it out.
I totally gotta check it out now.
I'll research that.
You talk about something else, Loki.
Okay.
Let's see...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew,
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
and also Microsoft.
The Pro system apparently is going to be phased out and something else will come up in its place.
Apparently the Pro will be replaced by the 120GB Elite system.
Now wouldn't it be awesome though if they dropped the price of the Elite to the price of the Pro system now?
Then they may come out with something later on that's even more.
Maybe something with Project Intel built in.
I don't know.
Or maybe a slimmer 360.
Who knows?
That might be neat.
But apparently the 120GB Elite will undergo a price cut in September.
And there will be some new bundles coming out in October.
That makes sense because they're releasing new bundles all the time.
By the way, I did the research on iToyChat.
It's kind of hard to figure it out.
I mean, if this game did come out, it kind of landed with a thud.
It looks like it only came out in the UK.
That's what I'm able to kind of put together here, is that it did come out in the UK in 2005.
That must have been a long time ago we were talking about this game.
I remember selling it, so I don't think it actually came out over here.
Interesting.
I do remember selling some really stupid things.
Although iToyChat I don't think was ever one of them.
And I just, you know, again, I hate to bring up an old subject, but iToy is what makes me nervous of things like Project Natal and these other motion controllers is that, well, especially Project Natal, not so much the Sony motion control because the Sony motion control feels to me like it's more of like a souped up Wii type thing where there's sensors in the controller itself and the camera.
But Natal that relies apparently only on a camera, it makes me nervous because iToy was a camera too.
It was great.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
and Hell, we used it for our webcam for a while.
I don't know.
I'm more confident, though, that they would test this and test this and test this.
They're not going to just splash the market with this Project Natal and have it be shit.
Thank you for watching!
DDR, hey, there's hands and feet mode, which sucks.
And yet, they decide, hey, let's do Wiimote and Nunchuck mode, which, surprisingly enough, also sucks.
And then, now there's the Wii Balance Board mode, which also sucks.
So maybe they should go and learn their lesson from this, which is the extra modes, while an interesting idea and maybe slightly considered innovative, maybe, that's a stretch, they will always suck.
and 8 Arrow Mode, I'm going to guess, it's going to suck.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
well they went back through the hole that they made they climbed back up through the hole they do have surveillance tape but no sign of the criminal yet but the thing that makes this most hilarious of all they didn't walk away with a damn thing so this guy just wasted everybody's time in this case and whenever we hear about a dumb criminal I'm sure it always inspires us to get a little angsty here on the show so yeah let's do the FUs of the week
F you to pain and heat.
Extreme heat.
Whoops, didn't mean to cut the music out there.
Sorry, Loki.
Um, it's hot.
So if you do it, being hot.
I would also say F you to the fact that it's hot.
It's hotter than hell in here.
Not in here, but out there.
And then I would say F you as well to, um...
I had something else on my mind.
If you'd have gone to the doctor on my birthday.
That's no fun.
Who wants to go to the doctor for their birthday?
If you'd be getting old.
I like the age I was when I started this show.
24?
I think I was then.
31 now.
What?
Things get better in your 30s.
They really do.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh god, I have that too.
Yeah, why don't we just get into release dates here.
Tonight's just kind of a very whatever kind of show.
Fuck it night here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Why not?
It's our little seventh birthday here.
We're just screwing around tonight.
DarkSakura's going to kick off some release dates as soon as she gets it brought up there on her monitor.
Start off with the UK and what's coming out overseas across the pond.
Oh yeah, it's July, isn't it?
Or it will be.
So let's go ahead and start off with our July releases.
How's that sound?
Yay.
Ooh, God, did they actually give me any July releases on here?
No.
They're not listing July releases.
Well, what good is that?
Oh, there we go.
Sorry.
Brain broken.
Sorry.
The heat has melted her brain.
God, it almost did.
On the second, we have The Punisher, No Mercy on PlayStation 3.
We have, on the third, Call of Juarez, Bound in Blood.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince on a bunch of systems.
Street Fighter 4 on PC.
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10.
And then that's it.
I'm going to get some Monkey Island after that.
Sweet.
Let's get into some Japanese release dates and see what's coming out on the other side of the pond over across the Pacific.
Only some price cuts on the Xbox 360 this week for Bioshock, Infinite Undiscovery, and Shin's Sengoku Musou 5.
All getting price cuts this week, which I believe that last one was Dynasty Warriors, if I'm not mistaken.
Dynasty Warriors 5 Empires 6 Empires
Looks to be a pretty slow week over there in Japan, but if you are still a fan of the PlayStation 2, I got nothing for you this week.
But there's a baseball game coming out next week, you can look for that.
Coming out on the Nintendo DS, we have Mina no Oikake Yasan.
So it must be some type of drawing game, because I recognize the oikake from being that whole drawing on the internet thing.
That looks to be exactly what this is, probably some type of share with your friends drawing game.
Draw a penis on the internet!
Hatsune Miku Project Diva Vocaloid
You know, you input the words, the tune and everything, and then she sings it.
This looks to be a type of music game, actually, coming out of there.
Seriously, what's it on?
PSP.
Yeah, having a Vocaloid game on PSP is pretty cool.
Rob, really, I'm going to find you something to play.
Interesting.
Yeah, you actually kind of, this is a rhythm game that you put in these, kind of another type of syncing game, and it makes her dance.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince SteamBot Chronicles Battle Tournament
Street Fighter 4 on PC, Mega Man Star Force 3, Red Joker, Black Ace, Ice Age, Dawn of the Dinosaur
and Grand Theft Auto 3, Vice City and San Andreas are all coming together in a brand new PC trilogy that's being re-released.
Calawara is Bound in Blood on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Treasure World, which is a DS game that uses your Wi-Fi signals to find treasure.
Rugu Twisted Towers Rugu Twisted Towers
BlazBlue, Calamity Trigger, sort of a launch limited edition coming out on PS3 and Xbox 360 as well.
Let's see.
And then a smaller 360 game that not a lot of people have heard about, Infernal, Hell's Vengeance, which was on PC a little bit earlier this year.
That's making its way out to Xbox 360 at a budget $39.99.
I guess that's not really too budget, but more budget than full price.
Rugu Attack which is on the DS also another Rugu sequel and then that's it for this week but I'm kind of happy to see Arma 2 is coming out next week and I still haven't gotten a chance to play the actual Steam version but it looks cool
Alright, so backing up to the Japanese release dates a little bit.
DarkSakura, you sent me this YouTube.
What the hell is this I'm about to look at here?
This is what the Vocaloid is like.
You want to turn it up?
Oh.
This is just some really weird version of Don't Worry Be Happy.
Well, I picked something in English, but you input the words and the tune and everything, and it plays it back like she's singing, she's your virtual idol.
Oh, interesting.
So you're actually pushing the buttons to sing?
No, you just input everything ahead of time and then watch it play through.
Uh-oh.
If there's one of her doing Carameldansen, I'll find it.
No thank you, that's alright.
But I think that that's... So this is more of a music maker.
Well, the PC ones are.
I don't know exactly how the PSP one is going to be, but ever since the first one came out, there's been a ton of new vocaloids and everything.
It's pretty big.
I think this is what a DarkSakura wants me to show.
I think that's an animation that someone did.
Alright, let's get back into some more news.
Loki, you got anything for us?
Yeah, sure, why not?
Apparently, EA is calling their Sims 3 leak its demo program, saying that, you know, you've identified our secret marketing campaign, EA CEO John... I'm not even going to try to pronounce his last name.
Riccitello, I guess.
I don't know.
That was actually pretty accurate.
Yes, it's a form of large-scale piracy, I guess, was a pre-release version of The Sims 3.
Basically saying that it was a way to figure out some data and stuff from this experiment.
They've gotten a lot of people to buy the game based on trying this version of the game that leaked out, I guess.
I don't know.
That didn't fix any problems.
So...
I think it sounds to me like they're making excuses because a leak like this had to have come from inside since it was leaked out weeks early.
He's doing a cover your ass and it just makes him sound pathetic.
So, well, hey, whatever makes you sleep better at night, I guess.
Yeah, it kind of sounds more like, oops, how do we explain this one or something?
Ha ha ha, he fell for it.
Well, I think what he's saying also, too, is what they're going to try to move towards later on is selling more services and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
At the end of the day, what's going to end up happening... Except they'll probably not sell a lot of that.
And you know what else is going to happen at the end of the day?
Just like all the expansions for Sims 2, those will get leaked out as well.
So all your plans for download content, it's not going to work.
just to say also everything that's available on the Sims 3 store is available for download through BitTorrent people have already done it people are already doing it's just really starting but people are already starting to do a few custom items already it's not going to be too much longer you can download everything that's there in the store
But if you really like the game, you should just go buy it.
I bought my game.
Encourage them to make a Sims 4.
If you really, really like the Sims.
Although Sims 4 is probably inevitable someday.
Many years down the line.
I just want a nice graphical upgrade to Sims 2.
Sequels a successful franchise?
No.
Well, speaking of sequels to successful franchises... I want them to make pretty faces and better hair.
Well, I want pretty faces and better hair in Final Fantasy XI.
It might actually make me play that game again.
No, not really.
Not with Final Fantasy XIV on the horizon.
But Final Fantasy XI's been getting some crap this week.
Apparently, they got sued this week for $5 million.
Apparently, it's because they supposedly, allegedly, I guess is the word to use, they...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Deceptive advertising, unfair and undisclosed business practices Licensing of the online game software disguised as a sale
monthly fees or fees to play the online games penalties for late payment of the fees interest charges for late payment of the fees charges while the online game account is suspended termination of the right to use the online games for late payment of the fees user restrictions and conditions related to the online games termination of game data for payment of the fees
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and in your agreement it says that you are paying for this, this, and this, that your lender has the right to charge this, this, and this if you don't do shit.
Guess what?
Same way in that type of contract.
You have to read it.
This person has no right to sue.
She's completely responsible for her own peace.
And they even ask you when you're signing up, be sure to read this contract.
Do you accept these terms and whatever?
Yeah.
It's not their fault she didn't read it.
Well, this is what I don't understand.
I played this game for three years.
I had never heard of them charging interest.
Not a single person in my link shell ever talked about this.
It's for late payments, I guess.
But if you pay late, there's no paying late.
You pay late because they disable your account.
You auto-pay.
Right, and if your credit card bounces or whatever, you can't log in.
Yeah, but, like, I don't know.
Do they charge you before the month is up?
Say, like, I pay for a month or whatever like that.
They charge me at the beginning or the end of the month.
Because if they charge me at the end of the month, then, you know, you've paid for that month and you owe them money, I guess, for that.
I don't know.
I think the beginning of the month makes sense.
I don't understand.
I think we need to hear more about what specifically this lawsuit is about.
Because the way it's worded, it makes it sound like a dummy.
And on top of all that, $5 million?
Really?
Yeah.
For something that sounds like they just fucked up and didn't pay their bill.
The customer service could have just resolved.
Well, maybe that's the problem.
But, you know, I don't know.
Yeah, $5 million is a little extreme.
But, I mean, if it's being split among 100,000 people, because it's class action, right?
So, technically, all 100,000 should be entitled to their chunk of it.
So, they all get, what, 50 bucks a pop?
5,000.
Is it that much?
I can't do math.
Sorry.
Yeah.
But still.
Well, wait.
I think it's still frivolous.
50 times 100,000.
I think it's still highly frivolous.
Well, it's still a 50 bucks.
That's, you know.
And they're not going to get $50 either because lawyers got to get paid.
How about the mailbag?
I don't know, it's um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This has got to be one of those theaters that only seats 20 people in it.
It's a real tiny, tiny community theater.
I can't imagine this is a big production.
The gameplay celebration is apparently three performances executed through video games in video game styles, three game party nights, and three weeks of rot-your-brain video game madness.
And apparently their video game party nights include an MMORPG night where you will play your favorite massively multiplayer online role-playing game in a theater, rock band karaoke, and then another night will be a chiptunes dance party.
That sounds fun.
But this sounds so off-Broadway, it's like in New Jersey.
What's kind of neat, though, is what they have, it's live actors on a stage with no set work, and then the sets are actually like...
Artwork from Adventure Games, which is kind of neat.
Okay, that's kind of neat, I guess.
What a bunch of nerds, but I can applaud them.
And they actually, it's kind of cool, they've got a little score tally running.
Nice.
Alright, are we ready for some emails?
Yes.
Alright, whenever you want to interact with the show, Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com is a great place to do it.
We jump in there and read some of your emails every week.
The lovely DarkSakura is going to dive in the mailbag head first and see what mails come up for her to read tonight.
Don't forget the hazmat suit, Rob.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com
First email, I just listened to last week's show and I would compare it more to Doom and the start of the first person shooter genre.
It's about BB&A vs. DJ Hero.
When a new game genre first appears to the general public, it seems like the best way to classify it is by calling it a clone of the first or most popular game in the genre.
For a more recent example, look at how sandbox games were called GTA clones until a few years ago.
And that's from Corky842, who also sends an addendum.
P.S.
The last email was brought to you by Beer in the Palm Pre.
Wow.
I don't know if I have a lot else to add to that.
That's an interesting comparison.
I didn't even think of the Doom, like the whole Doom, Quake, Wolfenstein type of connection last week.
But very interesting point.
Cheeseburger says, I miss MJ.
Dude, you're too young.
um, this one, um
Hey y'all, I downloaded the new iPod Touch firmware tonight.
First of all, I paid $10 for this.
Why?
Is this really good, or am I an Apple lemming, or both?
Second, this update actually looks interesting.
The copy and paste is not really what I'm used to, but what was I expecting?
Parental controls are good, if you're a parent.
As I am not, it's useless to me.
The shake-to-shuffle feature is nice, though, and really useful when my baby's crying album kicks in.
Well, that's awesome for Apple to charge for firmware updates.
I didn't pay for mine.
You don't pay on the phones.
You only pay on the iTouch or whatever.
Oh, how generous of them.
I know.
3.
Assuming you didn't cut me off with the baby comment.
They've done something to improve typing messages and I love them for it.
Landscape typing makes the buttons noticeably bigger, an improvement that helps me a lot.
Now I don't mistype every other word.
Yay!
Well, that's all for now.
Stay care.
Redertainment This message was typed on iPod Touch, which I have and you don't.
Actually, I do really like the upgrade.
I like having five panels for my apps instead of the three.
and I'm pretty pleased with it.
Pretty pleased.
Also, I really like some of the changes that they've made to the contacts.
It's okay.
I like that I can text and landscape now.
That's the biggest improvement.
Same with email.
But I'm not liking the fact that the phone just seems to run slower.
I guess with all that stuff in there, a lot of my apps feel like they're running slower.
Mine are showing an improvement.
I'm hoping that with the 3.1 that's inevitable at some point, you know, the minor tweaks, that'll fix that all up.
That's what I hope.
Next email?
Sure.
Dear OLR Crew, I just wanted to briefly chime in on something you went over last week, that being Guitar Hero Van Halen.
I remember when they announced the game, I was actually somewhat interested.
I love Sammy Hagar Most of the music by them that I love is when Sammy Hagar was the lead singer There's only a couple of songs that I enjoyed that were when David Lee Roth was singing with the group
I completely agree with this, by the way.
So I suppose that in the opinion of many, I'm not a true fan of the group.
That is just my own musical taste.
Perhaps now there might be an opportunity for Rock Band to pick up the remaining music.
I'd freaking love to play Dreams.
Thanks for reading, as always, Ossifer.
P.S.
I just want to note that it was very painful news on Thursday, June 25th, when Michael Jackson died.
May he rest in peace, but forever live on through his music.
And what a great tribute that would be if Harmonix gave us the Thriller album as Rock Band DLC.
Don't count on it.
No.
Wishful thinking.
I realize everybody's still wrapped up.
I don't want to re-get into this topic, but everybody's still wrapped up in the Michael Jackson thing.
Don't count on it.
Something like that is going to be years and years in the making because guess what?
The rights to that stuff now is all going to be up in the air.
With the debt that man left behind, if rumors are to be believed, these type of struggles will go on for years.
Did you see Misty sent us clips?
No, I didn't.
Misty sent us a bunch of clips.
I think that you should hop into the mailbag too.
I might.
Oh my gosh, wow.
I might have to play those during the afterbirth tonight.
Alright.
Okay.
Thank you, Misty.
I thought he's still rich, but his company's bankrupt.
To be honest, I don't know, nor do I feel like it's any of my business.
I kind of don't care.
I sound rude, but it's not my finances.
I got my own finances to worry about.
Well, we've got two more emails.
Well, now to business.
Ooh, so serious.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Well, it caught me crazy and stuff, but now I'm glad Konami didn't bring Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania stateside.
That way we got Guitar Hero and Rock Band, which are truly great and haven't lost their appeal to the public, no matter how much Activision is milking Guitar Hero, though.
They did bring Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania to this side of the pond, I guess.
In the arcades.
Yes, in the arcades, but also as Rock Revolution, unfortunately.
That doesn't count.
I still wondered what would have happened if Konami brought Guitadora, but considering how Rock Revolution did, I'm glad they didn't.
Granted, it wouldn't have been the same game, but still, look at the way DDR and pop music are going.
Not good at all, and Guitar Freaks Germania would have taken the same route and doomed the rhythm games for years to come.
So, thank you Konami for not giving us Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania.
Rock Revolution proved what it would have happened to Guitadora over the years.
Now don't screw up and don't release another bad port of Beat Mania because of Scratch and DJ Hero.
Heck, forget about Bimani and the States and let K-Set J do their thing.
At least they know if the record breaks, don't try to fix it.
Thanks for reading this email.
And again, congrats on the seven years entertaining the internet every Sunday.
P.S.
If Jason Enos were dead, he'd be rolling in his grave right now.
Well, he's not.
He's alive and well.
He's somewhere else.
He's at EA now.
I think I can say that.
He's moved on to a better place.
Look, I don't know if I agree very much with the whole rock revolution is what guitar freaks would have become.
DarkSakura, Luke, Carameldansen
and use the Bomani brand to do it knowing that they wouldn't be able to say anything about it because Konami did have Guitar Freaks they did have the Bomani thing and just that they just piss poor execution stop being lazy
and hopefully they're learning their lesson when this game is an embarrassment Rock Revolution, there's really no nice way for me to say it with as much nice things as Konami has put out in the past and people that I even know there and so on there is no nice way for me to say it Rock Revolution was an embarrassment to that company and it should never happen again
Any more emails?
Oh, yes, we did.
Last one.
Hey, Rob, Jamie, and Matt.
This is long-time listener SSJ100Matt.
I first wanted to congratulate and praise you on your seventh anniversary.
It's amazing that it was a little less than six years ago that I first started listening to the show.
I first discovered OLR through a friend who recommended the now-long-defunct Wednesday show Outside the Box.
From there, I discovered the Sunday show, and the rest was history.
Okay.
I know you guys get enough praise as it is and for the sake of this email I will keep it short.
No, I like praise.
Keep it up.
I like that somebody remembers Outside the Box.
I barely remember that show.
That's crazy.
That was a side show I hosted years ago with some friends.
You three have sacrificed seven years of your Sunday nights for the sake of us, the listener, and have never asked for anything in return.
We, the listeners, can never make that amount of dedication up to you, except continue to listen, tell to people, support, and write for the website, like my Blades of Steel article, Cheap Plug, Cheap Plug.
Which was a very lovely article, actually.
Check that out.
It's on the website, orangelandradio.com.
Thank you so much for informing and making us laugh for seven great years.
Now that I have all that praise out of the way, I wanted to ask your guys' opinion on something.
Over the course of this next two weeks, I will be having a few get-togethers with about 25 of my friends.
We, of course, intend on having video games be the centerpiece of these parties.
I was wondering if you had any ideas or recommendations for great party games.
that we may want to try playing.
As it stands now, we have Gears of War 2, Team Fortress 2, various Wii Party games, Street Fighter 4, Left 4 Dead, and of course Rock Band 2 and Guitar Hero World Tour.
Your input would be most helpful, and once again, thank you, thank you, thank you for seven years of great radio.
Your super Hebrew pally, SSJ100Matt.
Well, you mentioned the Wii Party games.
I was actually going to say there's the Mario Party games are pretty fun.
I think you've named about what I would have named.
Oh, Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Get your four player on.
Instant Party just add Rock Band.
It's so true.
Seeing it is actually pretty fun.
But, you know, if you kids are kind of worn out on that stuff, go back to the old school stuff.
Seriously, whip out Super Mario Bros.
3.
You can get a party around the old school games, too.
Oh, no.
Hook up a Dreamcast, Power Stone 2.
It depends on the type of audience.
Did he say it was other gamers?
Yeah, he said the games were to be the centerpiece.
Is it other gamers or is it just random kids our age?
You know what?
This is what I like to do sometimes because we've had parties like that before.
If you want to see certain stuff go on, say, hey, bring the system and bring your favorite group game and we'll switch out through them.
What's the problem with that?
I guess that's true yeah it's like a like a potluck a potluck for video games that's actually a really good idea a potluck of video games bring your favorite game I like that
So that's the last one.
Thank you, SSJ100Matt, for your kind words.
Hey, I opened up that file that Amisti sent us.
Oh my gosh, I don't even know where to begin with these clips.
There's like a million freaking clips in this thing.
I'm just going to pick just a couple of these random files and play them just because I'm curious and we're in kind of a fucking mood tonight.
Let's see, this file is called Into Lesbians.
Let's see what this one is.
If, like, if Twin was a girl, then his girlfriend would want to date him.
Anyway!
She's a lesbian, right?
Anyway!
I don't even know where these are from.
Let's try one of these longer files.
Let's see, this one says, OMG, gonna break your own ban.
La la la, going to the mailbag.
Oh, I need mailbag music.
Let's open up the mailbag.
Email.
There might be more.
We'll have to play one Jenny Rom song just because it fits.
Oh, we're gonna play, oh, we're gonna play, uh... Email Me.
Email Me is not Jenny Rom, that's, uh, Paul Terry.
Why is it not Jenny Rom?
I meant Paul Terry.
You meant Blonde Girl.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Lord.
I want to see what this is.
God, Surge tastes like shit.
Okay, important message.
Okay, if you don't like Surge, you can drink that Pepsi Blue shit.
Remember how god-awful Surge was?
It was awesome!
I love Surge!
What the hell?
It was terrible.
Pepsi Blue?
It was all about Storm.
What? !
I've tried Storm.
I didn't like Storm.
Surge was awesome, though.
We had a vending machine at QZAR.
All that was in it was Surge, and I loved that stuff.
Whatever.
I'm very sad that it's gone now.
I'm looking at some of these other long clips here.
Rob with candy full.
What the hell is this?
Speaking of turdy things, though, guess what happened?
Itagaki got sued for sexual harassment.
A 31-year-old employee of Tecmo... Shouldn't that have been Speaking of Candy?
The compensation she is looking for... Rob...
Anyway, she's seeking compensation in 10 million... Rob, what the hell?
It's candy, get it?
This candy is not so delicious.
Wow.
Let's see, one more here.
Offensive things you've missed.
I like the word offensive.
She's literally sent like a ton of clips.
We could just sit here and play these all night long and we'd have like a whole show full of stuff.
Let me do this and we'll do some more video game stories.
Let's see, offensive things you've missed.
Some of you guys may be thinking, well, didn't you guys used to do the rewinds on your own damn station, Sky?
Yeah, actually, that's true, but now it is the oldie and moldie Wednesday flashback, where we are 100 episodes behind right now.
So you can hear what the show sounded like two years ago.
It's pretty nuts.
I kind of looked at the chat and some of the response to last week's episode, and I think Misty or somebody had said, it's a good thing I wasn't there, because I would have ripped them a new asshole.
So hear what offensive things you missed out on back on episodes 20 and 21 and all that stuff we're playing way back when.
So check it out.
I think that was on our old station.
We used to play shows that were like three years old.
I don't even know.
We lost a ton of shows when one of our hard drives went out, which is a bummer.
They might still be around.
Do you know who added me on Twitter the other day?
It was DDR Angel.
And if anybody has old OLR episodes, between her and Misty, we could probably find them all.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yes, apparently there is a brand new game entering the wrestling game genre.
And this is being put out by Immersion Software on the Wii, PSP, and DS.
Oh, I'm sorry, that's by a different Argentine developer, Sabasa Studios.
But anyways, Immersion Software, they're putting it out on the 360 and PS3.
It is a Lucha Libre game.
Woohoo!
Lucha Libre Stars Psycho Clown
Who doesn't like a psycho clown?
Oh, and they have a teaser trailer up, which I haven't seen yet.
That looks awesome.
As long as they have... What was it?
Santos.
He's gotta be in there.
I don't follow this crap, so that's why I'm quiet right now.
This makes no sense to me, but okay.
You boys have your fun.
It's Mexican wrestlers.
It'll be awesome.
Hey, I'm not doubting you.
I'm just saying.
I'm not a fan.
Well, I'm not a fan of it either, but it's Mexican wrestlers.
I mean, hell, they have, what is it, the Santos line of videos.
It's a Mexican wrestler who's solving mysteries and stuff like that.
I mean, that's just cheesy and weird.
You know what?
You want to know a Mexican wrestler that was badass?
Did you ever play Saturday Night Slam Masters?
El Stingray El Stingray
Skybit Skybit
Are there any of the big stories we haven't got to yet, Loki?
You know, might not be exactly June 30th.
But that's kind of cool.
It was very cool.
Let me cover a couple quick stories here real quick before we go to the Skype line.
Let's see.
Archon is coming to the iPhone, which makes me very happy because I remember this game from the Commodore 64.
I think it actually did just come out because my friend was showing me that he bought it the other day.
It is out for $4 for the iPhone and the iPod Touch.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, I've got a few more stories here real quick.
Sure.
There's a rumor that 1v100 is coming out of beta next week and will actually be giving prizes.
So that would be cool.
I bet that's not true.
Bit.Trip Core 100th WiiWare Game 100th WiiWare Game
Namco Networks BurgerTime Deluxe
Yes, I heard about this.
I've heard a lot of people call it crap, but BurgerTime was an awesome game in the 80s, but even I can admit it's probably one of those things that's better left in the 80s, but I will check this out.
It just looks like the old game was souped up graphics and new stages, which it's not like the stages are that complicated.
Yeah, it's probably... And then finally, last thing... Oh, actually, I got two things.
Bethesda, their parent company bought id Software.
So now that's kind of under the whole... Zenimax, I guess, was the company that owns Bethesda.
Now they own id Software as well.
And apparently the next two games, Rage and Wolfenstein, obviously, are going to be published under their respective publishers, EA and Activision.
Um...
But now all the further games are being published under probably like Bethesda or something like that.
I don't know.
Zenimax, unless Zenimax has come out as a new publisher, I guess.
Apparently if you were a subscriber to EGM, and since EGM is kind of gone right now, your subscriptions were converted into Maxim subscriptions, which I think is a fair trade if you ask me.
So that's kind of neat.
and then still yet another survey suggesting that Netflix streaming is coming to the Wii.
We get this damn survey like every six months.
The only difference now is instead of a one-time fee of $9.99, it will be free.
So you will not have to purchase a streaming disc, but eh.
If it happens, it happens.
Cool.
And then finally, Ubisoft.
That would make the Wii a little more lucrative than 360 because you wouldn't have to have gold.
Very true.
That's a big feather in Wii's cap.
Don't underestimate that.
Don't underestimate that.
You can't do HD streaming, though.
You know what?
Considering the type of stuff that's there, I'm just going to say don't underestimate that.
I'm very critical of the Wii on this show, but that could be big.
Free Netflix, essentially, if you already have a Netflix account.
Rob, how long does it take for the internet browser to load up in the Wii?
You know what, if they can figure out the connectivity that makes games like Super Smash Bros.
and stuff work for kids programming and non-HD type stuff, again, don't underestimate it, Matt.
And then finally, Ubisoft's collaboration with Q Entertainment, it's likely to be a music game.
But, I mean, really, when you look at it... Ah, it's Q Entertainment.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, unless it's 99 Nights 2, which I somehow doubt.
Alright, look, our skyline's already ringing off the hook And I really want to get to that very soon But one other quick story for you guys, if I could Marvel vs. Capcom 2 Big rumors out there that the game was coming out June 29th Not true, per the Twitters Official Capcom Twitter is not coming out June 29th They don't know where the rumor came from Well, let me tell you, it was from Marvel's financial report So you might want to look at that But they're saying now it's closer to the end of July That the game will actually come out So sorry if you guys were looking forward to that one
But it's not coming out this month.
That makes sense, though, because I think, wasn't it part of the Summer of Arcade or something like that?
And that doesn't start until, like, the end of July anyways.
Yeah, I don't know.
Alright, look, our phone is ringing off the hook.
Let's get some calls done tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Dance Radio.
Who's this?
Saying that, it calls in almost every single week from the East Coast.
I don't know how you get through every time, but I'll tell you what.
I've seen, like, seven different names pop up in the corners, so you're lucky tonight.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
First off, I want to say...
Happy anniversary to you guys.
Happy birthday.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
We're seven, so we should be having this anniversary show at Chuck E. Cheese.
Yes, but you're still immature.
As a seven-year-old should be.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
I have a question about E3.
Before you guys went, you had made a statement about how you felt E3 wasn't going to be the same.
You had different feelings and intake about it before you went.
Did you feel the same way when you went or what?
Are you talking about the show itself or what I was kind of lamenting about that nobody I knew was really going so it was going to be a little weird this year?
A little bit of column A and a little bit of column B
But I think whatever they did to kind of filter out some of the people that didn't really need to be there, and one might argue maybe I don't need to be there, but I would argue right back, mofo.
But I would say whatever they did to kind of scale back attendance by whatever they did from 2006 was a good thing.
I think the show itself was good.
I do want to see them reopen Kensha Hall at some point, get some more exhibitors out there on the main floor.
And again, all that stuff that's behind closed doors kind of bugs me sometimes.
But whatever, it's just something we're going to have to deal with.
I think overall the show itself was better.
As far as the whole me lamenting about my friends not going and all that stuff, I think a lot of that got better.
I got to go to a pretty bitchin' party on Wednesday night that was hosted by...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
It was kind of cool that one day Loki was there and we got to go around.
At night, at least, I had my boyfriend there that I kind of got to see at night, so it didn't end up being so bad in that regard.
I think I would have had even more fun and I would be more excited and woo, and I would have gone all three days.
Keep that in mind because that's a big thing too.
I didn't go all three days this year.
Oh, okay.
If you want to go to E3, but you can't, just go to PAX.
And Bobby's made this comparison before, and I think he's absolutely right.
PAX is probably what you think E3 is.
So go to PAX.
I'll be there at PAX.
East Coast PAX, that is.
I want to be at East Coast PAX.
I'm trying, but I've got to make West Coast PAX work, too.
Skip West Coast PAX and come to East Coast PAX.
If I can have Ken and Ice Cream, I'm doing both, all right?
DarkSakura.com
Take a train.
Take a train.
or Train.
There you go.
It's not really all that far to Boston.
Besides, I want to fly JetBlue to New York City.
I'm sorry.
If we can give them the option between Southwest or JetBlue.
JetBlue.
And I've heard lots of amazing things about Virgin Air.
That's the airline I want to try at some point.
Yeah, a lot of my friends fly Virgin Air.
They just love it.
I've heard great things about it.
They had a huge float today too.
Alright, hey Ranma, we've got to wrap up and let you go, but any quick final thoughts?
That's it.
That's pretty much it.
Later.
Later.
SSJ100 Matt says, flying to New York and I'll drive you to Boston.
That's a very nice offer.
That might be a good way to see some of the East Coast too.
I don't know.
It's so far off, you guys.
I'll figure it out.
Don't worry.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Quien es?
Again, always call Echo 123 before you give us a call.
It's a good way to test your microphone, make sure everything is working just fine before you give us a ring.
We're going to open up the Skype line, take some more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Gold Answell.
First of all, I want to wish you guys a happy 7th anniversary.
Well, thank you very much.
We're potty trained and everything now.
Yeah, I just, I wanted to agree on the past thing that Ranma said.
Yeah, I mean, I want you to come to PAX East because me and Robocoon, my friend that joined us for OR tonight, he's my friend and frequent podcast listener, he was saying, you know, I want to meet Rob Roberts because that would be the coolest thing ever because I've been...
Me and him have actually been listening to your show for a couple years.
You probably know that about me and not him, but I think I was the one that told them.
And we're just like, wow, wouldn't it just be cool to meet Rob Ross?
Even though they're not, like, big, but on the internet, it's just stuff that would be so cool.
I understand life skates and the life of parents.
Wish, wish, hope, hope that maybe some of my podcast buddies will be going out there too, so we can do something.
I might be.
If I can get a part-time job, I'm about 17 now, if I can find myself a part-time job, get myself a ticket, I will make every effort to be there, especially if you're there, but...
That's just how things go.
I just want to go to Boston, so I'm going to make packs.
Especially considering everything we talked about in Part A this week, and you only live once and all that stuff, I want to visit Boston.
It's the city I wanted to go to.
I know a lot of great people from there I want to go visit, so I'm there.
I'll make it happen one way or another.
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I really do appreciate you going into the current news sometimes because really I listen to OLR for the randomness that can pop up along with the mixture of the gaming news and you're not afraid to just have fun sometimes so I just wanted to let you know that.
Well, thank you very much and certainly this is always an evolving show and if our listeners want us to get back into doing more of the personal stories, then personal stories you shall have.
So, alright.
Well, we're going to let you go then.
I'll let you go.
Okay.
Thank you so much for the call, buddy.
Take care.
Have fun in your podcast.
Later.
Have a nice show, guys.
Later, dude.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the place to call.
Let's try going back to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hi.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I came back from the Philippines and wanted to share my arcade side of the things.
You came back from where, I'm sorry?
The Philippines.
Oh, the Philippines, that's right.
I think I saw something on your Facebook about you were going out there.
Believe it or not, I actually read the status updates on Facebook and Twitter and all that stuff.
How was it?
It was alright, though.
The arcades here weren't as good as last time.
Maybe not as good as I expected.
Well, you know what?
It's because the arcades over here probably aren't as good as you remember either.
They still have some games that I haven't seen on this side of the Pacific Rim years.
Like, for example, Mario Kart Arcade GP with card slots.
But what really surprised me when I was there was House of the Dead EX.
Hmm, how was that?
Basically, it's...
It's just a bit of a House of the Dead, but they drew it in a cartoony style, and you probably won't believe what I'm about to say, but basically the storyline of the game is a zombie romance.
That sounds awesome.
Zombie romance movie.
Now that's a movie that we need.
Who wouldn't go see that movie?
It's about this zombie girl who falls in love with her prison guard or whatever, and they escape, and you have to...
And it's basically a bunch of minigames where you have to do things like catch fruit or shoot the bad teeth off of the stage 1 boss of House of the Dead 4.
I thought for a minute there you were about to get into lesbian zombie romance because that was the only way this story was going to get even that much better, but that's okay.
Unfortunately, no.
They can do that in the sequel, that's alright.
And it's going through a phase and I...
Well, as I mentioned, I saw some games that I haven't seen in years, like F-Zero AX, and... Oh, I love F-Zero AX.
I gotta ask you real quick, though, real quick, since we don't have a whole lot of time tonight.
What about music games?
Because I know you're a big music game fan.
Is there a big presence of music games in the Philippines?
Hello?
Is there a big presence of music games over in the Philippines?
I lost...
I think we are losing GS68's connection.
I don't know if that's on your end or our end.
I'm going to have to let you go.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what happened with that connection, but we'll hope maybe he'll call back later when the connection is a little better.
In the meantime, let me get to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is Leachim6.
Hello, Leachim6.
I don't recognize that name.
Are you a first-time caller?
Yes, I am.
Well, welcome.
What a heck of a night to call.
Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, I was wondering.
I know you guys have addressed iPhone gaming and that sort of thing a little bit.
But, you know, with the new 3.0 update, you can add new devices to it, like controllers and stuff.
Have you guys seen that?
I've seen this one.
It's like a NES controller, but it's wireless.
It's like the GameBoom.
Yeah, you know, we were hearing about some of this stuff last week.
I think there was a story that we kind of got into a little bit about, like, especially about some of the things that are going to be developing for it.
But I wasn't under the impression that this crap was already out.
You can already get this stuff.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and that seemed kind of stupid but the thing about it is they don't really have a standardized controller yet so you buy this controller but you have to wait for people to actually support this controller in their games but I have a question so it's a wireless bluetooth controller, right?
that looks like a NES controller doesn't a lot of people already have one?
it's called a Wiimote I guess those do run off bluetooth, don't they?
because people have hooked them up to their computers
Yes, so you could, in theory, use a Wii Remote or Wii Classic Controller or something like that with that.
If that's okay with Apple, if they can support something like that, or if they don't need to get approved with that, if they just support it in whatever game is coming out.
I would think anything.
Well, you probably won't see that.
Here's my question.
This other thing you're talking about, that whole device, the bone or the game bone, is that an Apple official thing?
No.
Or is that some third-party company?
Third-party.
Interesting.
So that is interesting that that would come out, but see, Apple's so locked down with that kind of stuff.
I bet it's just a matter of time before someone hacks the phone to read that type of thing.
I'm surprised it hasn't happened yet.
I mean, the iPhone's been out for two or three years now, and we've had Bluetooth the whole time.
I'm surprised it hasn't happened yet.
Maybe no one sees the point.
Because, you know, you can't really use a Wiimote on the iPhone with such a tiny little screen.
That's the part that people are missing.
I don't want to use motion control.
I just want to use it as a NES controller for my NES emulator.
That makes sense.
I'm kind of surprised that hasn't happened.
I think it's just because sometimes those iPhones are like Fort Knox to get into.
I mean, not that that's ever going to stop the hackers, right?
Because how many times do they come out and say, This is unhackable!
And then two days later, they're hacked.
Yeah, I know, right?
It just seems kind of pointless to me to have a NES emulator where my fingers cover the screen when I play.
Well, now, sir, the legality of those NES emulators are a little questionable in the first place, so beggars cannot be choosers, my friend.
Well, obviously, I'm using games that I ripped from my cartridges that I bought when I was seven.
Of course, of course.
You know, I'm sure it's a matter of time before the Wiimote thing is hacked, but, you know...
I don't know if iPhone's really that big of a gaming platform for me.
iPhone is where I game when I'm sitting in the doctor's office waiting to be called in.
I think you addressed that last week, actually, about how you're not really a portable gamer.
Yeah, but maybe that's just me.
All right, well, hey, thanks so much for the call.
Any other quick things you wanted to say before we let you go?
Not really.
Just love you guys, and congratulations on seven years.
Well, thank you very much, and you picked a hell of a first night to call in.
You take care.
Later, guys.
That was a very nice phone call.
Let's go to at least one more call here and then we'll wrap up the show in a moment.
You picked the best last call to end the night off with.
And who am I speaking to?
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Nothing much.
Just trying to get through all the grief of what was last week and unfortunately earlier today.
But I guess we've got to move on to bigger, better things.
Basically, the reason I'm calling today is just to
Bring up the fact that Id and Bethesda merged, which kind of surprised me because I never thought that John Carmack would actually sell out to any particular person.
Aside from EA, which he's actually working with, but not to a company like Bethesda, the folks from Fallout, or Elder Scrolls.
I'm not saying that they're all bad and all, but I don't know, it kind of came out of nowhere.
Um, yeah, I mean, yeah, we didn't really get into that on the show, but I guess that was a pretty big deal about, you know, ID and Bethesda kind of having their marriage going on there, but, um, uh, I don't know, like...
Maybe I'm just not as big of a first-person shooter fan that I've been following ID all this time, but I know Bethesda makes some very pretty games.
So certainly the two of them coming together is going to be very interesting.
But you know what?
When push comes to shove, money talks.
And you may have thought that so-and-so was not going to be selling out, but when you've got bills to pay and you've got somebody who's buying this... As long as it still maintains some sort of creative control.
In other words, if...
as long as Bethesda is not pulling their chain to the point of choking them out creative wise that would probably make sense as long as they mutually respect each other on that level then they could easily be and everybody wins
Bethesda makes pretty decent games though I mean like obviously you know Oblivion is huge, Fallout's huge I mean Elder Scrolls is pretty much their bread and butter that's what pretty much put them on the map right and but let's not forget Bethesda not every game they put out has been a huge success the Star Trek game that they did was not you know it's kind of mixed but at least it wasn't terrible you know mixed is better than terrible so their track record's pretty good overall so you know
Even though it might be something you didn't imagine before, it's not like it's completely unreasonable that ID would go to a fairly respectable company like Bethesda.
Yeah, as I said, it's all about whether or not John Carmack felt like it was something that he should have agreed with, something that I just hope he has confidence in his decision, or at least it itself is confident in the decision to merge with Bethesda.
But aside from that, yeah, I can't actually end off the call without making a notable mention of Michael Jackson's contribution to video games.
I mean, aside from Moonwalker, the fact that he contributed to Sonic 3, Space Channel 5, I don't know, I guess we could never really know of how much success this man has because he's pretty much proven himself
God knows how many times, on all fronts, not only on the stage or on the recording studio, but in our consoles.
Well, you know, Michael Jackson certainly was involved with Sega.
He had a lot of love for Sega, and I think we would all roll over if they would just put out a Moonwalker 2, but sadly it is just not meant to be.
Well, I just hope, you know...
The Legal Mess is just the tip of the iceberg
And I also want to clarify, it's not that Michael Jackson's Moonwalker was really that great of a game.
Well, the arcade version, obviously.
Genesis was kind of alright.
It was a freaking video game made out of smooth criminal.
That's what was cool about it.
But at least he made everybody dance, whether it be criminals, robots, or even vicious guard dogs dance when he did his magic dance.
You can't ignore that.
Even if you hate music, which I don't know anyone that says I hate all music, you can't ignore the contributions that Michael Jackson made to gaming.
I would buy it again just on the fact that he can make the dogs dance.
We're going to let you go, buddy.
Thanks so much for the call.
One more thing.
Happy anniversary, guys.
I know I forgot to mention that.
Seven more years, hopefully.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I'd be 38 at that point.
Take care, buddy.
Bye!
Spacemichael
Yeah.
Huge.
Well, he had a bigger part in Space Shuttle 5 too.
There was the whole dance scene.
That was pretty cool.
Yeah.
You know, good times, good times.
All right.
Well, gosh, it's about time for us to wrap up and get the hell on out of here for the night.
But before we do that, we have to go around and get everybody's final thought.
And I think, do we get all the last minute stories out of the way?
I think we covered everything we were going to cover tonight, right?
Pretty sure.
All right.
Then let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSagra, why don't you start us off tonight?
Your final thought.
Seiken Densetsu 3 is a freaking epic RPG.
They really need to give that an official release already.
Just put it on WiiWare.
For real.
Really.
My final thought is I really need to finish the Rydia after years because the new episodes come out like in a week.
Yeah, just over a week and I'm not ready for them yet.
I need to finish where I'm at right now.
So, yep.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is that I need to play more Fuel.
Yes you do, I need to kick your butt at Fuel.
Be fun.
Actually, we need to go exploring for Vista Points, although I guess it's not really a cooperative type of game.
Pretty tough to play that co-op.
That's it guys, we're out of here.
We are going to close up, and as we have said for the past seven years,
Thank you guys for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio.
It's your support that keeps us going.
And let's see if we can make it to eight.
I'm pretty sure we will.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and listening to the show tonight, whether it be live, whether it be on the podcast.
We really appreciate your support.
Remember, if you like what you hear, all we ask, tell two other people about the show, your friends, your enemies, your coworkers, your fellow classmates in school, whatever, just as long as they can handle it because it's a mature audience show.
Tell two people about the show and spread the word because word of mouth is all we got.
Thank you guys so much for seven years.
We'll try our best to do seven more.
We'll see if we can make it.
Thank you guys so much and we'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but were probably right anyway.
See you next week!
